



Under the Willow Tree
by
Ger Conlan

					Cover art by Ivy Howard
					       Photos by Canvas

Copyright 2014 Ger Conlan
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

cover art by Ivy Howard

To my Crow, you have me body and soul.
Chapter 1

"We’re a national disgrace!" Iris whined as she pulled the trendy red compact brusquely into the side of the road opposite Dee’s cottage.
"Literally, a national disgrace" she repeated, her voice an octave higher.
The hand brake was engaged with a force that not only reflected my mother’s malcontent but also tested the automotive durability of that particular part.
"There isn’t a person in Ireland who won’t be talking about her."
The diatribe, which, by the way had started at Dublin Airport exactly ninety minutes earlier (and yes I was counting), was not over despite us reaching my destination. The woman exaggerated at the best of times and was to drama what Shakespeare was to theater. That thought immediately made me feel guilty and whenever I feel guilty I see myself writing punishment lines on a blackboard, a vestige of a strict boarding school upbringing which had dished out punishment liberally in the form of lines. I will not tell my mother she overreacts. I will not tell my mother she overreacts. Lowering the window, I gazed across at the inviting cream colored bungalow with its deep brown tiled roof, quaint latticed windows and mahogany door. Mounds of flowers and plants brimmed over wooden flower boxes sitting on each windowsill.
"How could she do such a thing? And in public?????"
The peaceful country setting was idyllic if you didn’t count the emotional storm going down in the car. My mother’s sister, Dee had been arrested two days earlier -something to do with public misbehavior- Iris was being sketchy with the details, to say the least. So far all I could decipher was that something happened in front of a national monument in Dublin. The general consensus was that Dee had succumbed to a very bad mental episode involving loss of clothing and theatrics, which all sounded farfetched because if anyone was a rock of sense it was Dee, unlike her sister beside me. Still I kept those thoughts to myself.
"We’ll never live down a scandal of this kind," Iris continued.
I just closed my eyes, mentally erased the chalked lines and inhaled the sweet smell of freshly cut grass hanging in the air. Memories transported me back to the warm bucolic days of happy care-free summers with no ultra-strict parent to watch over me, no school to go to or homework to do – only long lazy days of fun. Cherrymount Cottage had meant pure freedom to me and Aunt Dee was the sole reason holidays here felt like magic.
"I’m sure people will forget what happened as soon as the next news story erupts", I offered consolingly but stopped as Iris’ brown eyes began to bulge in disbelief.
She redressed the designer scarf draped around her neck while waiting for me to come to my senses. Her blond hair was styled in a nice pixie cut which was ironic given she had the build of the quintessential Viking. Expensive clothes worked to compliment her six foot one frame and rotund shape so she appeared feminine and powerful. We were opposites in terms of...well, everything. I wore casual cheapies, was all of five two with long black hair, pale skin, blue eyes and weighed ninety five pounds soaking wet. For the millionth time in my life I guessed I must take after my father.
"It was all caught on tape and put on the News!" Iris balked. "We’re the laughing stock of the bloody country. What’s more, Mavis Keane, the nearest thing to Irish Royalty, phoned me to say whoever filmed her shenanigans put it on Your Tube and now they say it’s a virus."
"You mean it’s gone viral" I corrected calmly. "Anyway, it won’t last long on You Tube – they quickly remove stuff like that."
She shook her head crossly while shooing me out with an impatient flutter of her hand, "I’ll be spending the rest of my life trying to explain to the world and its mother what she did. It’s bad enough already trying to explain about you failing at everything, but now Hurr! God Almighty what did I do to deserve you people!!"
Ignoring that insult, I undid my safety belt, turned to my mother and said consolingly "Whatever happened, I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think."
That said I hadn’t seen the video. All of this went down as I was making my way back from Boston, but I was optimistic that it was nothing to get so worked up over. Her red painted finger nails tapped loudly on the steering wheel denoting not only her disagreement with me but that the discussion was over. Time for me to leave! No goodbyes or hugs would be exchanged. Iris was not the type to welcome physical contact, even if she needed CPR.
"Thanks" I croaked then got out, closed the door and extracted my bulging suitcase from the trunk.
The blond head leaned out the window. "Blaine Hanley," my name held the usual quantity of exasperation, "try not to make a mess of this. I’ve bloody well enough on my plate as it is."
I wheeled my suitcase to the driver side door, "given that I know nothing about farming…." I exclaimed for the umpteenth time, "chances are things may go wrong!"
"They had bloody well better not! You’re only shovelling muck after all."
"….Dee will be back home really soon anyway. Right?" I tried not to gulp. Iris looked at me like I just sprouted another head."Right?" I repeated just in case she hadn’t heard the first note of panic.
"Thick as a plank- you haven’t a bloody clue!" she scoffed.
In one way she was right. I was caught up in the upheaval of having to quit my beloved Boston and probably wasn’t up to speed on the goings on of Dee’s life. In fact my current situation could be compared to a game of Snakes & Ladders and I had just landed at the bottom of the largest snake. Having to work on Dee’s farm ranked up there for bad ideas like getting a tattoo of your boyfriend’s name, especially when that boyfriend turned out to be a two-timing bastard. My hand automatically reached to the inky swirls that were now an embarrassment.
"Where’s Dee now?" I wondered aloud.
Iris’ lips pressed tightly together as if to hold back what she wanted to say, but her explosive nature won over.
"Locked-up in a holding cell at St-Camilla’s but don’t you dare think of going there!! And take your hand off your arse. You look bloody ridiculous!!!"
Iris drove off speeding down the deserted rural road as if trying to escape being seen in a shameful place. Dee was in a psychiatric hospital? That didn’t make any sense. Dee was rock solid, no nonsense, salt-of-the-earth type. How had she ended up in a psych ward? With a thousand questions racing through my mind, I picked up the now dusty luggage which contained my life’s possessions, crossed the road and pulled it onto the short paved driveway which leads onto a narrow garden path. As I walked along a sudden sensation of something creeping slowly around my shoulders made my eyes dart to the left but nobody was there. 
"Awaken."
I jolted backwards. My head jerked in all directions looking for whoever spoke, but there wasn’t a soul around. Whatever it was, it had Goosebumps spreading across my body. Putting it down to serious jet lag, Iris-related stress and boyfriend-dumped-me syndrome, I turned instead to the exquisite flowers splashing vibrant colors onto the landscape.
Everything flora seemed to flourish unnaturally so, as if tended to by some unseen expert gardener. I intended on providing no care whatsoever to ensure its continued success. A blue-winged butterfly landed gently on my hand for a fleeting moment before taking flight again. An orange Marigold became its next port of call and I couldn’t help but smile at the beauty around me. The place still held a fairy tale appeal with its enchanting, and cozy feel to it. A twinge of regret at how things ended between myself and Dee passed through my heart, but I didn’t dwell on it, instead I headed towards the side of the house because anybody who has ever been to Cherrymount Cottage knows the "real" way in is through the kitchen door at the back.
I had just placed my hand on the handle of the back door when that weird presence came over me again. "Unite....." the ghostly wind whispered. I stopped and took in my surroundings but saw only high coniferous hedges flanked the rich green fields surrounding the quaint rural cottage. A low white post fence formed a haphazard looking barrier to the fields’ occupants – about six black and white cows. The sun had turned up the thermostat providing warmth that would make most of the population beach-bound, but it felt cooler to me compared to the Boston heat. On the return journey, the captain of the plane announced higher than normal temperatures in Ireland, which was not bad for early June. I was happy to hear that because psychologically, I wasn’t ready for endless rain. 
Something in the distance caught my eye. A sloped field, one beyond what was directly in front of the cottage triggering a memory. Of course!!!! How could I have forgotten Cherrymount hill, … and that hedge....no not a hedge.... it was a tree...a tree…yes..a tree I used to spend hours playing on alone up there.!!!! It had been endless fun...…God I loved that place. A powerful urge to suddenly go there made me abandon my suitcase and climb over the white post fence. 
Whatever that presence was, it seemed to feel happier now. Having dodged some rather large and malodorous cow pats, I reached the far end of the field disturbing all six cows huddled together under the coniferous canopy. They stood up lazily then reluctantly moved away as I approached the tall brown steel gate leading to the second field - Cherrymount Hill. Once I climbed onto that bottom rung and got an unobstructed view, a wide smile broke across my face at the sight of long grass speckled with thousands of wild flowers. Inhaling deeply, I let the intoxicating scent of cow-slips, butter-cups, clover and lavender flow through me, triggering an instantaneous peaceful feeling. A deep yearning for the joy I had once known fifteen years earlier had me climbing eagerly onto the second bar of the gate when the whispering wind spoke, "Claim it." I was scared beyond all reason but couldn’t stop myself.
"You made it back to us child!" The voice not only made me jump with the fight but immediately halted my clamber.
I whipped around to find a stooped, elderly man holding grains in a small tin bucket. He was dressed in a shabby black jacket with a black pant tucked inside worn wellies. Deep creases were chiselled into a kind face with warm blue eyes. A grey woollen cap sat at an angle on his head giving him a somewhat impish look, almost as if he was permanently mischievous. I climbed off the gate feeling like I was just caught trespassing.
"I knew we’d be seenya ‘round heyah agin someday" he said with a strong local lilt.
Severely misshapen arthritic hands extended out toward me. I responded in kind until our hands touched.
"Told Dee many’s a time too," he continued. "Arrah faith ‘n she never beleevt me." 
I bit my bottom lip in guilt at the mention of my estrangement from Dee but quickly erased it from my mind. No more going down that particular emotional avenue.
"Patsy?" I asked surprised that the name came to mind. Yet I knew the second I said his name that it was him.
"Ya remembur me gersha!"
For reasons beyond my comprehension my throat tightened and my eyes brimmed up.
"I do! Yes."
Patsy was a settled traveller in his late seventies, at the very least. His family lived on Dee’s land in an ancient cottage down the road. From what I remembered, he would go off for undetermined periods at a time. Where he went or what he did, I never knew. His wife Beth was a kind but strict woman, who had kept her three children in check. She loved them deeply but fought to keep them cleaner, more sharply dressed and better behaved than the other local kids as a way to keep the prejudice against them to a minimum. 
Travellers certainly did not have it easy, settled or otherwise. Intolerance and injustice was still rampant toward them and their secretive traditions. The centuries old way of life where freedom to choose random fields as temporary halting sites, amongst other things, was now illegal. I had read somewhere that the State mandated halting sites they were forced to live in, were, for the most part woefully inadequate. Besides overcrowding, refuse and waste disposal issues, people in general didn’t want traveller sites near their homes. Confrontations occurred regularly and while the older members kept to a semi-nomadic lifestyle many young travellers settled. Because of this, the old ways and culture were slowly being killed off.
"’N look ah ya!" he continued. "Blossomin inta a lovely gersha. Same luvly black locks ‘n blue eyes andja never lost tha dimples…….the gassun is gone from ya tha’s for shure. Dee’ll be happy ta see tha’ luvly smile of yours. Have ya been tah see her yet?"
I bit my lip again. "Ahm…..I just flew in this morning...Iris….brought me here from the airport."
"’N faith ya must be half dead afteh such a long journey. Go on ‘n get some sleep child. Ya have all tha time in tha world afore ya."
Being an insomniac, sleep and I had a strange relationship. I had to follow a strict routine just to ensure I got two to three hours a day or night. As if reading my thoughts he said "ya were too wee ta rememba, but I held ya in me arms manys a night ‘n sang ya ta sleep. Dee’d give ouhto meh ‘n say I spoiled ya too much, arrah I’d say, wha’else are songs for."
"I remember now" I gasped recalling the gentle rocking of the chair and soft melodies sung in a different language. "I loved those songs……but sometimes you were away and then I couldn’t sleep. One time I didn’t see you for the whole summer and missed you terribly." For some reason I immediately regretted saying this as it seemed to have hurt him. I can’t even really explain why it came out, but I cringed inwardly as a sad look crossed his face. His mind seemed to have gone back to a different place and time but after a moment he nodded silently then spoke softly. "Ya’re righ child. I wasn’t always ‘round – more’s tha pity."
I was just about to pour out a litany of apologies when the impish smile returned, "well I’m nevur far off deese days, so if you’re needin anythin let me know. Now" he said patting a jacket pocket absent-mindedly, "let’s getja settl’d in."
Patsy escorted me back to the kitchen door, opened it and placed my discarded bag on the floor then left with a "make yourself at home child."


***

Guest list
Big Sally
Benny and the Hens
Mat and Nat
Gen
Brennus
Nula and the girls
There’s really nothing complicated to do just look after their needs. Remember Nula is pregnant (that’s Brennus’ doing) so you’ll need help with that. As a show of solidarity to Nula, the girls are very upset with him since "the incident" so make sure they don’t cross each other. Watch out for Brennus, he’s been grumpy lately but he’ll be fine once he gets his goodies on Saturday the 20th. Mat and Nat are a couple so try to be understanding. Gen is like a ghost, appears out of nowhere, only to disappear as quickly – leave him off; he’s temperamental but harmless. Benny and the Hens are a blessing –they never cease to entertain.
Everything on this farm grows from love, be sure to add your own, water as needed and it will be returned to you.
Love
Dee

A guest list! Pregnancy, goodies! Who was Dee talking about? What is this place? A hotel! Feeling confused I discarded the note on the aging coffee table. Poor Aunty Dee, she must not have been well to write this baloney. I’d have to check with Patsy maybe he knew more than Iris. If Dee’s faculties were affected, it certainly didn’t show inside the pristine cottage. The place had hardly changed over the years. The oversized armchair still sat next to the old stone fireplace although its dark brown leather had faded, creased and cracked with age. The matching love seat which sat to the right was in similar condition. Even the elaborately patterned rug covering the dark wooden floor had fallen victim to the march of time. Years of fireside evenings had caused small scorch spots to form near the fringed edges and I guessed the coffee table legs were hiding more of those as it was positioned at an angle which didn’t fit with the symmetry of the surrounding objects. The grey surface of the granite hearth was blackened in the center, a testimony to its frequent use. When that fire was lit, I remembered how the room seemed to glow, creating feelings of warmth, security, and more than anything…happiness because I was with Dee.
"Can’t do this," I mouthed as a rush of heated panic swept over me.
The words chalked themselves on the blackboard ‘I must not run away. I must not run away’. But I really did want to run away. The voice of reason asked - but where to? Not to Iris’ that’s for sure and Alex’s place would be fine for a week or two but anything longer would just be an intrusion on his couple-hood. The truth of the matter was choices were a luxury I no longer had. With what measly amount of money was sitting in my bank account, I was going to have to tough this out until I could find a regular job and get back on my feet. The room continued to swaddle me in Dee’s loving presence. Her phantom embrace stung my heart and the pain of separation from her love resurfaced again.
"Nope!!" I said with finality, "I cannot be here, no matter how broke I am!!"
With a shaky hand I quickly fumbled in my handbag, found the mobile phone and pressed one to speed dial my anchor in life and the one person who would take me away from this monumental mistake. My Puma pump tapped in rhythmic impatience while the dial tone rang...then rang some more before going to voice mail. Although I was disappointed with having to leave a message I couldn’t help but smile as the recording played.
"Hello. It’s the vicar – leave a message if you’re not sexually frustrated"
"Alex, Iris has dragged me to Dee’s… can you come pick me up…fast …please....I’m....agggghhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!"
The phone crashed on the floor but I did not see the extent of the damage; my eyes were riveted on the hooded figure standing across the room. He had emerged from somewhere within the cottage. The tall broad stature appeared menacing as most of his face and head were obscured by the hood of his cotton sweater. Feeling immediately threatened I grabbed an empty vase from the sideboard wishing it was my bottle of mace, but that was in my apartment – far, far away.
"Who are you?????!!!!" I cried, my voice trembling with fear. Adrenalin had my breaths coming in short gasps as I imagined him attacking at any second. "What do you want???"
He removed his hood revealing fetching green eyes, which were wide open in surprise, a smooth tanned face was framed with glistening neck-length, wavy black hair. Eyeing me warily, he raised a hand motioning to the tote bag in his hand.
"Ahm...just this?"
His deep voice was gentle, smooth even and he was making no move to come closer. I began to feel a tad braver.
"What are you doing here?" I demanded croakily.
His eyebrows met in confusion.
"Ahm...again…for this."
He motioned to the object in his hand.
"What is it?"
"I believe ‘tis called a bag."
The accent was distinctly local with its soft lilt and slight elongation of certain syllables, so bag sounded as baag.
"Well I can see that, but what are you doing with it?"
"ahm…holding it?"
I gritted my teeth in frustration then stopped as I was behaving like Iris, "what’s in it?"
A quick smile crossed his face, "me schtuff."
"You mean Dee’s things."
"Sure wha’would I want with Dee’s things? She’s a woman!!! This is my schtuff."
"I’m sure it is" I scoffed accusingly.
A look of disdain crossed his face as a deep frown furrowed his brows.
"Arrah think whatever you want"
"Just drop it and get out of here or I’ll call the police."
"The police?" he jeered, "you’re not local are ya?"
Before I could answer he wagged a finger. "Wouldja be Dee’s niece now?" 
I huffed indignantly at him recognizing me. "That’s none of your business." After a moment’s consideration I asked quizzically "how do you know that?"
"Worked here for years – seen the photas." He paused momentarily before adding "and you’d better put down that vase – its Dee’s favorite. My gift to her; she’d be really mad if it broke."
I could feel my face turn beet red as a sense of foolishness crept through me. I must not falsely accuse people. I must not falsely accuse people. I pushed a strand of hair behind my ear, "right then" I conceded replacing the vase carefully "well....I didn’t.... know."
Before I could say another word he walked silently out the kitchen door. I whipped around to the window watching as he disappeared through an arched hedge at the right of the house. His hands were empty. Curiosity got the better of me and I rushed over to view the bag’s contents. All clothes, men’s clothes at that. There were a couple of shirts, jumpers, socks and boxers, but nothing belonging to Dee. Feeling terribly stupid for overreacting, I closed over the zip, looked across at the guest list on the coffee table and sighed deeply. "Damn it Dee, why couldn’t you just be here?"
I gathered up the pieces of my mobile phone feeling all contact with the outside world had just been lost. The only numbers I could remember was Alex and my legal aid lawyer. The former I called several times a day and the latter was ingrained for survival purposes. I would have to call them both later with Dee’s land line number. Iris’ warning to not mess things up bellowed through my mind. This was not a good start.
My suitcase was unpacked in no time. What little personal effects I had were placed in the rosewood dresser in one of the two spare rooms. I would have asked my friend and room-mate Bernice to post a few boxes of my stuff from our diminutive Fenway apartment but the restraining order prevented me from contacting her. Looks like I would just have to kiss my worldly possessions goodbye because Uncle Sam wouldn’t be allowing me back into his U.S. of A for a while and I wasn’t sure I wanted to see him again anyway. No! That wasn’t true. I’d take back the best three years of my life in a heartbeat - excluding the last two months of course which were craptastic.
Donning a pair of jeans, a tee-shirt and my favourite hooded Gap sweater I went on a mission of peace to re-introduce myself to the wrongly accused – sort of start anew. I treaded carefully around muddy puddles while passing though the arched hedge to the right of the cottage and found myself in the main cobblestone yard. It was reorganized a little differently now, more open for one and the resident bull had been placed further off in an adjacent field. He stood stoically looking out at the surrounding greenery, appearing exactly like the bull from my childhood, regal almost, if that was possible. Still that would make him old...quite old. How long did bulls live anyway?
With bovine longevity on my mind, I made my way along passing several hens clucking their protests at my presence before scattering away to another area. The high red roof of the barn held no more than thirty bales of hay, significantly fewer than I remembered, but then again it was normal for this time of year. The grass swaying in the surrounding meadows would be cut in late July to make hundreds of bails to store as fodder for the winter and the barn would be filled to capacity once again perpetuating the continuous cycle of nature. 
Right beside the barn stood the milking shed; there was no door only a wide opening at opposite ends. A dog sat attentively at the entrance offering me a disinterested glance as I walked past. Three concrete stalls on either side of a large walkway stood exactly as they had been. In a time when there was no such thing as video games and twenty-four hour cartoon channels vivid imaginations sent myself and five of the local kids – my brothers and sisters in a way – on trips to the Wild West where cowboys and Indians battled it out. Various roles were strategically doled out and tactical positions were assumed on sturdy steeds even if they were really only the walls sectioning the stalls for the cows. We all died a bloody but glorious death for our respective causes. Good, innocent times.
My reverie was interrupted at the sound of footsteps coming from the opposite end of the shed. A dog - the clone of the one sitting to my left – sat alertly and was quickly followed by the wrongly accused. Seeing me, the man stopped suddenly in his tracks, his eyes wary. He appeared to be waiting, evaluating if more accusations would be hurled at him.
"Hi...it’s me again....." I chirped as a sort of peace offering.
He didn’t acknowledge me, but slowly pushed the wheel barrow forward, stopped at the first stall, spiked some hay with a pitchfork and began filling the trough in preparation for the next milking.
"Have you worked here long?" I asked with a big smile plastered on my face. I was going for sensible-young-woman not vase-wielding Harpy lunatic. I was a normal person. Well, normal on the outside at least, inside I was a confused, jobless, jilted girl who had just, reluctantly, changed continents. But nobody needed to see that. 
He stopped, leaned both hands on the pitch fork and stared at me for a long, uncomfortable time. Obviously he was never told it was rude to stare. His lips were set in a thin line, his frown deep. Even though he was angry he was also undeniably handsome. Through the black t-shirt, his broad shoulders and bulging muscles were distracting to say the least - must be all the farm work. I wondered if I would develop biceps too. Not like those women body-builders, but just unsightly developed muscles. He uttered only one word - "Why?"
"Why, what?" I asked momentarily losing my train of thought.
He rolled his striking eyes impatiently and I felt maybe Iris was justified in being so cross with me. I must not aggravate people. I must not aggravate people. Moving the pitchfork to one hand, he leaned heavily on it and asked, "why do you want to know how long I’ve worked here?"
 It sounded like he was trying to enlighten someone particularly slow. I would have explained that my questions were a warped way of apologizing for behaving so rudely earlier, but in light of his standoffish attitude the apology never came. "My name is Blaine," I smiled while offering to shake hands. "I’m here to help out for a while until Aunty Dee is better."
He gaped at the expertly applied sky blue gel varnish – a going away gift from Happy Hahn’s nail salon -but did not take my hand. Instead his head shook in dismay before he went back to spearing hay. I glared at him feeling indignant and embarrassed. He was making such a big deal out of nothing. Walking away would be my usual reaction in a conflict situation but in light of my recent experience with Boston’s judicial system a sense of maturity had emerged. Much, I had learned, could be achieved through dialogue. "Look, I’m really sorry I was so rude earlier but I was quite scared...and when I feel ..."
"Go home young wan...." he interrupted gruffly "ya’ve no desire to be here and we’ve no need of yer kind." His words stung.
"My kind?" The sense of maturity was quickly dwindling to a cow pat level. I repeated incredulously, "my kind??"
"Ye didn’t come here willingly. ‘Tis not yer place."
"Not my place?" I parroted unable to construct a complete phrase. My inner voice was yelling for me to run away –now! But I had to try and explain "….Dee’s my aunt…and …and…..that’s family… that’s blood…."
He moved forward to fill another trough."Blood ya say?" Before I could answer he continued "must be the watery kind at the rate she sees ya."
My mouth opened and closed in shock but I managed to blurt "well....it still prioritizes employees."
He walked away as suddenly as he appeared and I was once again left feeling gobsmacked and terrible for having over-reacted. This was not the way I normally behaved. The man just pressed all the wrong buttons, buttons I didn’t even know I had! Avoiding him was a must from here on out or I might end up incarcerated again.
There was no sign of Patsy for the rest of the day and into the evening, so after eating a quick sandwich for supper I wandered down into the yard. The place was deserted. No hens clucked noisily about and the cows must have been hiding out. Only the massive bull stood stoically in his enclosed field. Curiosity got the better of me and I decided to get a closer look. Could it be the same animal from years ago? I didn’t remember any distinguishing features on the other bull, so this was a complete waste of time, but it wasn’t like I had anything better to do.
Noticing a door open on the far right of the barn building, I made my way over, curious to discover all the nooks and crannies of the place. Peering around the thick wooden door, I found myself in a sparse but neatly arranged bedroom. The small bed sat directly under a low narrow window, a wooden stool served as a night stand complete with an aging lamp and tattered books. On an iron railing to my right hung clean, neatly pressed clothes while to my left was a tiled alcove that housed a washroom and shower. Dogs barked not too far off, followed by a sharp whistle. I dashed out, ran around the side of the building then sat under the window, my heart beating a mile a minute. Hearing rustling noises inside, I sneaked a peak through the window and caught a glimpse of the angry fella reaching up to a shelf over the suspended clothes and taking down something. I couldn’t see what because one of the dogs suddenly appeared beside me with a low growl. I scampered to the side ready to be bitten but another sharp whistle had him bolting back to his master.
Deciding to leave any further exploring for another day, I passed the dairy barn only to see the same man heading into the field, a dark bottle in his hand, the dogs lolling behind happily. It looked like a wine bottle and that piqued my curiosity. From a safe distance I watched him stroll over to the bull, gently rub the animal’s long snout before saying something indistinguishable. He pulled out the cork, lifted the bottle to his mouth and raised it slightly in a form of cheers before pouring the deep burgundy contents into a metal dish on the grass. My eyes bulged as the bull noisily lapped up the wine. The man took a long swig himself, muttered something again then turned to leave. This place was beyond weird! When he made his way through the yard, I crouched down low behind some bales of hay and waited until he was out of sight. With the lapping noise still filling the night air I dashed back to the cottage and found Patsy in the kitchen, pouring boiling water from the kettle into a teapot, Dee’s note sat folded between both mugs.
"Sit yerself down child" he said softly. "We’ll haf a chat ‘n a cuppa together."
Chapter 2

The following morning I got up at what others would have deemed to be the ungodly hour of three a.m., but being an insomniac, an early rise was deliverance rather than duty. Books, many, many books had become my talisman against the long hours of darkness. 
According to Patsy, milking chores began at four thirty a.m. so after dressing and with a little time on my hands I scoured the cupboards looking for tea of the non-bagged variety, but was dismayed to find nothing other than boxes of Liptons. That was the equivalent of giving a soldier a water pistol for the trenches. With black Oolong leaves in mind, I reluctantly threw two bags into a mug and brewed a strong hot cup. In between sips I made a grocery list – loose leaved tea being the priority. I hoped the village shop stocked decent stuff. As the dawn’s light broke over the fields, my eyes locked on Cherrymount Hill in the distance and once again a pleading word was carried like a whisper on the wind. "Return".
"Return" I replied as if held in a trance. I put down the mug and headed outside. A soft misty rain fell almost imperceptibly as I closed the back door. In an instant the dog clones were by my side, behaving excitedly. They dashed under the fence while I climbed over the white concrete posts and, as if on auto-pilot, ambled up towards the end of Nula’s field, which I had come to name it. Yesterday, Patsy had explained everything about the guest list as we sipped our tea.
Big Sally was a massive sow, Benny was the resident rooster and the hens were his ‘girls’. Brennus was the stoic wine-drinking bull –I never mentioned what I saw - and was scheduled to sire a cow next Saturday week. That clarified Dee’s comments about him getting his goodies. Some months earlier the bull apparently had broken through the fence in his field and one of the cows, Nula, happened to be nearby. A calf was sired, but Nula wasn’t supposed to have any more calves, so Dee expected there would be difficulties with this birthing and had the vet on standby. I asked Patsy for the vet’s phone number just in case something happened when I was alone, but he jovially waved off my concern saying there was plenty of time yet. Gen apparently was a temperamental goat. Just as I thought about the goat it appeared ahead of me in full charge mode. I barely managed to side step the first buck but not the second. His head rammed hard into my thigh making me topple over into the soft wet earth barely inches from a malodorous cow pat. In no time Mat and Nat, the border-collie couple defensively nipped at Gen’s hooves and ears until he bounded away into the trees. When I got up, both dogs received a quick ear rub and lots of praise for their heroic intervention. I’d have to keep my eyes peeled for the unpredictable goat’s antics.
As I stood on the lowest rung of the gate leading to Cherrymount Hill, I thought some more on my conversation with Patsy. We spoke about the man I had almost hit with a vase. Patsy told me his name was Jaelen, but everyone called him Jay. That seemed an unusual name and I wondered about its origins but didn’t get a chance as Patsy continued on describing Jay. Nothing negative on his personality was reported; he was a hard working lad who had no home of his own, so Dee insisted he stay in Cherrymount Cottage and apparently treated him like the son she always wanted. As to where he came from, family etc? Patsy said it was best to ask Jay myself.
"He’d be a privuh fella" the elderly man explained vaguely. "Keeps ta himself ‘n isn’ whaja’d call full ‘o de gab’– bes’ leave tings alone."
I glanced over my shoulder to ensure the coast was clear before continuing on as bumping into Jay or Patsy was to be avoided at all costs. That same sensation of an invisible arm around my shoulders returned only this time it felt stronger, yet very loving. I was also aware I could break away any time if I wanted to.
Restore. My heart beat faster as I scaled the barrier. Restore, the voice repeated pleadingly. Descending into the tall grassy meadow I waded through wild flowers covered in droplets from the misty rain. The scent was powerful, but heavenly intoxicating at the same time. Carried by the floral aroma I climbed the long slope while snippets of blissful summers past danced through my mind. Peals of laughter echoed from the past. I remembered when I collected so many flowers I had trouble carrying them. Dee patiently explained the uses of each one –some would heal burns, others lowered blood pressure, and some helped people sleep. Looking back on those moments now, I should have paid more attention to the insomnia cure.
My attention returned to the willow tree standing majestically at the highest point of the field. Although nothing about it appeared different from any other tree, there was no denying its invisible limbs reached around me, welcoming me in like an old friend. Approaching cautiously, warmth cascaded over me as if the tree was letting me know there was nothing to fear. Long drooping branches swathed in millions of elongated leaves gently touched the ground to form what looked to be thick heavy curtains. Hesitantly, my hand reached out to touch the leaves. Increasing wellness pulsed through me as if worries, concerns and negativity were being removed from my heart. Those sentiments were not permitted beyond this point.
I pulled across a dense drape of foliage, stepped inside and instantly sensed I had closed the door on the outside world, and was obscured from all view. The deeply grooved bark felt rough beneath my fingers but tufts of moss which dotted the wood completely covered the base. I lowered myself to the ground recalling the softness of the earth as if a leafy electric blanket had been laid beneath me. Lifting the hood of my sweater onto my head, I removed my shoes then curled up against the bark smiling widely at how so simple a place could bring such sheer delight. It felt paradisiacal and I was somehow a child again and ecstatically happy. I remembered explaining to Dee how I felt her hugs were the same as the tree. Dee’s belief system was anchored in generations of ingrained stories and lore that many still believed in but others considered old wives tales or superstitions. She used to say the tree made you feel great if it liked you and great discomfort if it didn’t.
A continual chain of memories passed before my eyes as if I was looking through a photo album. I saw the same field through eyes that were no more than six years old, my favourite yellow sundress billowing as I ran through the tall grass. I was playing hide and go seek with dozens of dragonflies buzzing about and only my giggles would give away my hiding spot.
 Another page of time turned. I had cut my toe on the edge of a sharp stone and Dee quickly bunched some leaves together from the lone willow trees and pressed them against the scratch. I watched intently as her eyes closed and her lips moved in silent words. After a minute she placed my foot on the ground, sent me off with a tap to my bottom saying light-heartedly, "You’ll be better before you’re married." Then I saw her place, the bloodied leaves at the base of the tree where she buried them.
I never understood why she did that but I knew things changed after that day. Things, that until now, I had forgotten. These were not bad memories so why would I have blocked them out? More recollections flowed and at some point they drifted into dreams. I felt the earth around me began to sink slowly cradling me gently while passing through the hollow ground. The descent lasted for about thirty seconds until all movement stopped and I found myself lying on a cold smooth slab in a dark cavernous place. I sat up, descended from the slab to a lower level rock then set foot on the spongy earth. Maybe I shouldn’t have taken off my shoes. The black stone walls around gleamed with moisture as water trickled in at many points. The heat felt under the tree did not extend here and a shiver ran through me as a cold damp wind circled around. 
A dim glow smouldered further down the cave to my right casting about a feeble yellow glimmer. It appeared more inviting than the darkness to my left so I moved forward to find its source when a large hand suddenly covered my mouth while a strong arm lifted me away into the darker recesses of the cave. I thrashed madly to free myself but felt childlike in my captor’s fierce grasp. A man’s voice whispered something urgently, but I could not understand what he said above my muffled screams for help. The strain in my neck grew from being pinned against him. Images of what was about to happen made me kick and flay wildly. He seemed to be repeating the same words over and over again, an edge of panic in his harsh whispers. I kept struggling but was quickly becoming exhausted. He held on tight until all adrenaline was gone, my energy expended.
When I stopped fighting and remained silent, except for my heaving breath, he removed his hand from my mouth then relaxed his grip. After lowering me to a standing position, a second man appeared from the shadow, the tip of a large sword an inch from my face was the only reason I did not scream or flee. I must not pee in my pants. I must not pee in my pants. I could see nothing of his face only a hulking frame. My body trembled, my heart pounded madly, my breathing was so laboured I knew no air remained to yell. The blade moved closer but veered toward my ear and with an imperceptible brush my hood fell to my shoulders.
He moved closer but remained in the shadows. Words were spoken in a language I did not understand. A weak flickering of a flame moved to the left behind him coming closer as if carried by an invisible hand. He held it against something then a surge of flames came from another torch illuminating the huge six foot four figure. Straight blond hair fell onto massive shoulders and a full beard of the same colour rose high on his cheeks, piercing blue eyes gazed out from his bronze skin. He appeared no more than twenty five. An expression of surprise flashed across his features as sharp eyes darted to the man holding me. It was quickly exchanged with one of curiosity. 
My captor spun me around somewhat roughly. He was dressed similarly but where the other one was blond this one had black hair and a black beard. I felt tremendous anger reeling off him which made me take a step away in fear. His dark eyes took in my face then fell to my breasts and lingered there. Embarrassed at this open assessment I folded my arms across my chest. He spat on the ground before walking away into the darkness. The blonde placed each of his large hands on my shoulders, had me face him then uttered words I was unable to recognize. 
I could feel the raw strength in his grasp and knew I would be dead within seconds, if he so wished. Yet I did not feel anger from him as I did the other. I swallowed hard, silently praying that whatever they intended doing I would not suffer for too long. It was only when he took each of my hands which had been balled tightly across my chest and gently lowered them to my sides that I realized they did not intend on attacking me immediately.
Still my eyes must have been wide and fearful because he raised an index a finger as if telling me to hush then uttered just three words slowly. Phonetically they sounded like dunuk dem Kael. It obviously held some importance for him as he searched my face for a response. When I didn’t react he repeated himself but my blank stare did not change. He tried again - five more times to be exact before his eyes creased in pain. His arms fell in abandonment and he took a step back dejectedly. Only then did I notice the incredible detail chiselled into the gold metal plate covering his broad chest. 
There were swirls and symbols the likes of which I had never seen before. A large pin with similar markings joined each side of the long black woollen cape that covered his arms. I wondered why he dressed this way and what was he trying to say? The black haired man barked something from the darkness and I jumped with fright.
"I’m…I..I don’t understand," I whispered, finally finding my voice and the ability to breathe properly, although the tears rolling down my cheeks revealed my true state.
The blond haired man raised a palm toward his partner then looked down on me speaking the same words. Watching his lips I repeated exactly what he said "dun uk den kay-le."
He nodded vigorously, relief crossing his face briefly followed by a fleeting smile. My head shook. "I...I don’t know what that means. I’m sorry..."
His hand suddenly flew to my mouth as the other arm pulled me against him. His partner quenched the torch’s flame. I had probably just told him they could have their way with me. Well, I wasn’t going down without a fight. The problem was the strength of the man holding me was such that my struggle to break free was even more laughable than when his partner held me. He seemed more fearful than anything else as he whispered urgently "eashtayee! Eashtayee!"
I stopped moving and the only sound I could hear was my heartbeat bursting in my ear drums. Just then two men passed by in hurried unison. They carried flaming torches and short spears. Their clothing was identical but appeared to be made of material that was finer and more regal looking. My feeling was they were soldiers of some sort. Both men had dark hair that was sleeked back into elegant pony tails. Neither of their faces came into view, but they stopped by the slab I had landed on and one angrily stabbed the ground with a sword. The words they spoke seemed similar to those of the man holding me. When they had passed out of sight and ear shot I was set down gently on the ground. 
Could it be those two men were after my captors? But they went straight to the slab where I had been. Were they after me or the hulk holding me? The blond man’s face came into view as the torch was lit from behind him. 
"Dunukden Kael" his desperation obvious given the rattling I received. When I shook my head to show I hadn’t the foggiest notion what he meant he shot a dagger into the ground his face suddenly contorted in an agonized expression as his hands crept up to his hair. The black haired man spat what sounded like a curse from the darkness. I gasped as the blonde pounded his fist into the rock, his teeth grinding as his face reddened.
"Kael neg foratay dooann…." he growled before slumping against the wall in utter defeat.
I started to back up slowly intent on escape. When nobody stopped me, I was at the slab in a heartbeat. Sitting on the cold stone I immediately began to feel the ascent and with that, relief. For reasons I could not fathom I looked over to where he sat and saw him watching me. Although his captive was leaving he made no move to try and catch or detain me. Instead he lowered himself to the ground, leaned wearily against a rock and held his head in his hands as fingers grasped through his hair again. This didn’t seem like the behaviour of an assailant, more in line with someone who was really disappointed or very tired. So maybe he wasn’t out to harm me then? Maybe his only problem was this dunukden Kael thing and the only reason he had snatched me was to stop those soldiers from seeing us. Well he had handled me roughly when I arrived, but maybe that was because they thought I was up to no good.
Something inside me, my insane other half perhaps, felt compelled to understand what was happening. I swung my legs off the slab and taking a few careful steps towards him, waited to see if he would lunge. When he didn’t, I approached a little closer still feeling like a fly walking into a spider’s trap. I bent low until we were about five feet apart but face to face. My hand reached down and discreetly picked up a rock, just in case he was trying to ensnare me.
"Ahmm….hi," I said softly. His eyes rose to mine and held them as I watched his fingers slowly retract from his tousled hair. He suddenly seemed uncomfortable and wiped sweat from his brow. "What has upset you so much that you want to commit capillary suicide?" I chuckled nervously. He did not speak but kept his eyes locked on mine. His gaze was intense and I couldn’t help but feel discomfort under his scrutiny. I swallowed hard not knowing what in the name of Ribena water was going on. 
"Look, I have no idea what is going on here..." He pointed towards himself.
"Fallon".
"Fallon" I parroted as he had pronounced it. He nodded then pointed to me.
"Oh okay I understand....your name is Fallon" then pointing to myself I said "Blaine."
I could have been a smartass and said "me Jane you Tarzan" but somehow I don’t think he would have caught that. A brief smile broke across his face and he nodded. "Blaine."
He thumbed the direction the other man had taken "Arlen".
I nodded my head in understanding and we sat in silence for a long moment until he finally stood up. He looked down at me then took my hand and gently pulled me up before guiding me over to the stone slab. He was still holding my hand as I lay down ready for the ascent, his eyes holding mine in a way that made me wonder why I had feared him. My body began to drift away. Just before I passed out of sight his face held a quizzical expression, much like my own. Neither of us knowing what had just transpired. When the warmth of the ground quickly seeped into my bones, I knew I was back under the tree. As much as I wanted to continue dreaming and bask in the heat of the leafy cover I needed to get back to start milking the cows.
Reluctantly, I opened my eyes and dragged myself out from beneath the green foliage. The verdant curtain closed behind me and I gasped in confusion. Stars peppered the night sky. But it had been dawn when I had sat under the tree, which meant what? That I had slept for an entire day? Impossible! 
With my brain a tad on the foggy side, I made my way back down the hill, the image of the blond haired warrior fixed forefront in my thoughts as I relived the strange dream. It felt so real, but thank God it wasn’t. The cows huddling together in the field for warmth reminded me of how I had not been there for the milking, morning or evening. Jay would surely be displeased. Still I could not deny that those hours of sleep were the most and certainly the best I had in many years, which in itself was nothing short of a miracle. I could be forgiven for taking a day to myself. Couldn’t I?
As I came off the white post fence in front of the cottage, Jay was putting fresh water in the dogs’ bowls. They were lapping it up thirstily adding to the guilt I felt for having neglected them. Chalk lines formed in my mind but I shook my head briefly to erase them.
"Ya’ve been gone a while" Jay said casually without looking in my direction. He was not dressed in his usual farm clothes, but looked very dashing in black dress pants, and a thin black wool sweater. He must have been out or was about to go out.
"I went for a walk." Not a lie, technically.
"Hmmm."
I ignored that to avoid lying or giving half versions of the truth.
"The milkin’ happens twice a day" he said patting each dog briefly, "an’ the dogs need food and water.... just like us."
I should not neglect the animals. I should not neglect the animals. He threw me a glance as he turned to walk away and I winced at his not-so-subtle jab then went inside to wile away the night with a good book.
The following morning began like the day before. Sleep had not come during the night, but none had been expected either. So while getting up wasn’t difficult, staying up would be. Not wanting to miss my chores as I had yesterday, I climbed the white post fence, and under escort of Mat and Nat went to bring the cows down the field. I wasn’t far from the barrier to Cherrymount Hill when the ever-present pull grew stronger.
Restore it! Goosebumps formed as I shivered at the force of the voice. It was no longer a soft whisper but a strong cry carried on the wind. My feet began to follow the call when a sharp whistle caught my attention. Jay was standing off in the distance next to another gate leading to the yard and Mat and Nat were bounding toward Jay’s command. They all entered the dairy barn. With no dogs mulling about to herd, the cows quickly became disobedient and disorderly scattering in all directions. I ran after the one furthest away and managed to guide it back when two others passed me in the opposite way. Grouping them seemed near impossible. After a few minutes of chasing them like a lunatic they were still scattered and I was running out of steam. Jay reappeared at the fence annoyed and beckoning me impatiently. 
After a moment of interior growling I refocused on redressing the stray cow situation when he whistled for the dogs. They returned almost instantly, had the herd in line and heading toward the barn in seconds. I approached the gate breathless with sweat oozing from every pore. Jay looked like the king of cool dressed in a thick cream Aran sweater, one hand shoved deep inside the pocket of faded jeans, his black hair tousled and wind-swept with beads of rain clinging to soft curls. A deep frown sat above striking eyes and despite the angry energy rolling off him, my body was traitorously reacting to the major eye candy before me. 
In terms of being cheery he was definitely at the bottom of the scale. I wondered if he was even capable of smiling – like ever – or maybe he still held a grudge about the vase and my neglecting the dogs. He had every reason to hate me. Still, no matter the reason for his dour demeanour, I didn’t appreciate being summoned and intended on saying as much….when I plucked up the courage, which would be really soon...I was sure. As I drew near, he turned and walked away towards the dairy barn. Feeling robbed of my moment to potentially chastise him I hurried to catch up then suddenly remembered the gate and swooped around to close it.
"Leave it open," he called in a frustrated tone "the cows come back through there ya know." He didn’t say it but I could feel he deliberately omitted the final word in his phrase: "eegit."
Ignoring the negativity, I made my way into the milking parlour where a well-established routine was underway. Mat and Nat stood watch at both points of entry ready to check any misbehaviour from the cows. Their job seemed moot for the cows stood quietly in their stalls, happily munching on fodder. Jay expertly sterilized the udders then hooked tube-like objects to them. He whispered to each one patting them gently while making sure the milk flowed freely. There was a kindness and tenderness in the way he interacted with the animals. His surly behaviour seemed reserved for my benefit only. 
I carefully observed what Jay was doing then repeated the process on the cows in the opposite stalls. He surveyed my work in stoic silence then undid everything, reinserted all the tubes on the cows udders speaking lowly as he went about. I got the distinct impression he was apologizing for my stupidity. No big surprise to see I wasn’t doing well as a farm hand. Maybe if I sent a clip of my incompetence to "Your Tube" Iris would get the message that this was a mistake. 
The milking machine started up and the hissing and sucking sounds began to carry fresh milk through transparent tubes to a large sterilized vat in an adjacent room. The cow pats fell with loud plops which I shovelled into low wheel barrows doing my best not to retch loudly. As chief poop-rinser I then hosed down the trenches to wash away remnant pats. Not a word was exchanged between myself and Jay which was alien to me. For three years I had worked in a busy Boston diner and chatting with people came as natural as breathing. Being in the same vicinity as someone you were supposed to be working with and not talking, not even trivially, was unimaginable. It created barriers that seemed impossible to scale.
The awkwardness continued until the dogs herded the cows back to the fields and I closed and locked the gate behind them. As Jay headed away, I felt desperate to make things right and called out "come back to the house for some breakfast?... if you feel it’s safe that is." He paused then turned to face me. A hint of a smirk curled his lips. 
"I dunno....I heard ya were dangerous if there was a vase around."
A smile of relief broke across my face. I nodded feeling forgiven. "All vases have been carefully put out of my reach -permanently."
He shrugged lightly. "Grand so. I’ll take my chances."
A plate of several different kinds of fried eggs was placed on the table; a couple were over-easy, two sunny side up and two overdone. I had cut an orange into wedges and laid two decoratively on the serving plate. The toast was crispy and well-buttered and the tea steaming hot. "Sorry there’s no leafed tea in the house" I offered automatically thinking longingly of the aromatic teas I missed so much.
"Dee always used the tea-bags" he said reaching over to fill his cup once more. "’Tis what most people ‘round here prefer." 
I couldn’t envisage myself converting to Liptons. In fact, the sooner I found a supplier for my Oolong needs the better. Jay tucked into the eggs seemingly having no preference for any particular kind. I still had cow pat odor in my nose and stuck to sipping tasteless tea. My few attempts to strike up a conversation while preparing breakfast had led to "aye" and "no" answers but that didn’t deter me; I was nothing if not persistent.
"Have you worked on the farm long?" He didn’t look up from his plate, but paused briefly to reply "aye" before continuing eating heartily.
"How come I never saw you before?" A shrug of his broad shoulders was his response.
"Well, have you been here more than five or ten years?"
"Aye."
"How many exactly?" I was beginning to feel like this was an interrogation not a conversation and all that was missing was a powerful lamp to shine in his face.
"’Bout eighteen." 
That sounded odd and I could feel my frown forming. "If you were here that long surely I would have seen you."
"An’ maybe ya did."
"I spent all my summers here," and didn’t say I knew almost everyone on the farms from here to the village, "but I can’t recall seeing you back then. Anyway you would have been a child yourself and other than Patsy’s three kids, as well as Connie, Cathal and the gang, no other kids played on the farm." He glanced up and I detected a shift of discomfort.
"Maybe ya don’ remember so well. Ya’ve not been ‘round here in years."
I pressed my lips at that last comment quelling the umpteen apologies sitting on the tip of my tongue and continued with my questions. "You’re not from Moynalty originally?"
"Aye."
"Where are you from then?"
He popped a last piece of toast in his mouth, washed it down with some tea then leaned back from his plate stretching out his legs and holding my gaze. "Curious, aren’t ya?"
My queries were obviously irritating him but I didn’t have the guts to out-stare him even if he was a sight to behold. I looked down but my eyes flicked back up to the t-shirt contouring his lean chest and the set of biceps bulging below the short sleeves. He moved in leaning closer. I felt my heart race as I explored the subtle flecks of sea green in eyes that were framed with thick black lashes. Day old stubble contoured succulent red lips which I wanted to feel against mine until I saw the smirk of victory break into a wide smile. I leaned away as color flushed my cheeks. His throaty chuckle felt like a slap and I wanted nothing more than to flee the embarrassment.
The sudden shrill of the phone made me dash to the kitchen. Leaving the door slightly ajar I picked up on the third ring. I hadn’t even said hello when I heard "well if it isn’t the prodigal child!!!"
"Alex!!!" I exclaimed in a happy whisper. "You got my message." Yesterday evening I had left him a message simply saying I was at Dee’s and gave him the number. Knowing Jay was in the next room I kept my voice low, "oh my God…….it is so good to hear your voice."
"What have they done to you Miss Bee?" His chuckle was low and hearty "sounds like you’re in the slammah again Honnaychild and this is the only call allowed!" 
I loved Alex with all my heart. He was my best friend for over ten years now and there wasn’t anything we couldn’t talk about. Unlike me, Alex’s life was successful, both professionally and romantically. He ran his own hair salon in a trendy mall in Dublin’s city center and his husband was also a stylist and business partner. Their life was full, vibrant and complete. I had a slight pang of longing to experience the kind of love they had, and on alcohol-fuelled occasions reminded Alex of how lucky he was to have found Keith.
"Iris picked me up at the airport and dragged me to Dee’s cottage."
"You should’ve let me pay your flight back like I wanted."
"Nah….I owe you a gazillion already."
"I wouldn’t be here today if you hadn’t…."
"I heard Dee’s arrest has been all over the news" I quickly interrupted. He laughed on the other end knowing I didn’t like to venture into that part of our past. I let out a soft sigh before asking, "did you see the video? Iris says it went viral."
"You want the truth?"
"Always."
"Honnaybee, your Aunty had her Fellini Fountain scene. But she’s no Sylvia if you know what I’m saying."
"She was in a fountain?"
"No but……well....it’s kind of hard to explain. You got wifi out in your boondocks?"
"I’m lucky I have a phone."
"Try and find a computer. You’ll understand when you see it. If you can’t get access I’ll show you on my phone when I see you in a few days." 
I shrieked with delight "when can you come?"
"Prolly Friday evening next week. Dat Mmmkay Sugahcheeks?"
"Of course - can’t wait to see you both."
"It’s juss gonna be you and me. Keith’s mama’s gonna visit so I’m leaving them some mommy and sonny time. Plus you know I cannot stand that woman so I will be happy to be elsewheh."
"Oh alright then - too bad, I won’t see Keith but I’ll be counting the days until I see you."
"Why dontja just ex-scape to casa Alex right now! The guest room awaits you amiga. I’ll make you jail-bird pie or something!"
Only Alex knew what really happened in Boston. He had offered a sympathetic ear while I bawled over the phone after being released. The shame of the whole incident made me cringe and for just one fleeting moment I was glad the Atlantic Ocean was the sizeable divider between Ireland and America.
"Iris would kill me if I took off, so it looks like I’ll be doing hard time, maximum security style - which is code for cow pat pooper scooper – at least until I can find a way out of this place." Jay was suddenly beside me placing his plate on the counter. He threw me a disgusted look then headed off with a sardonic "nice."
While Alex enquired as to whom the sexy baritone voice belonged to, I grimaced feeling really bad. Jay wasn’t referring to breakfast and it just confirmed what he thought all along, that I didn’t want to be here. I swore aloud in frustration. In hindsight I should have closed the door completely or just waited until I was alone to tell Alex about my feelings on farming duties. I suppose the need to share had been too strong, and I hadn’t lowered my voice enough. Anyway it’s not that I didn’t want to help Dee, because I did. I mean I loved Dee no matter what fountain she jumped into or what direction our relationship had taken. It’s just that it would have been completely different if she had been here while I helped out. Maybe then I wouldn’t feel foolish and incompetent like a fish out of water. Genuinely, it was in that spirit that I thought of escaping. Jay probably would have been happier being helped out by the tax man and I explained as much to Alex. He offered much consolation and the call ended some time later with an entertainment plan for two weeks' time. Just as I was about to clear the table a knock sounded on the kitchen door.
Chapter 3

To my utter astonishment Connie and Cathal McCabe, my childhood friends, stood in the kitchen doorway. The second of silent surprise at seeing them gave way to shrieks of joy as I went to hug them both and ended up as a Blaine sandwich. The brother and sister duo had hardly changed despite the years -same faces but on bigger bodies. Connie was tall, plump but shapely and feminine. Her blond hair and wide smile matched a bubbly personality which was still accompanied by an infectious laugh. Cathal, the older, but shorter sibling was a wiry thin redhead who did not lack strength given the grip he had on my shoulders. As we broke away my questions were swallowed by their effervescent chatter.
"Bee baby!" Connie exclaimed, "feckin great to see you. I just couldn’t believe it when I heard you were back…"
I had only arrived two days before and hadn’t seen anyone except Jay and Patsy. How did anyone know I was here? Cathal, who seemed to read my mind said "Nothing’s changed Bee, Rosie’s still in the post office and told us when you got in."
"Rosie?" I asked remembering the Oracle-like capabilities of the local post-mistress. That eccentric woman had predicted just about every pregnancy, marriage, death, storm and disaster the village had ever seen. Her talent was renowned but the sceptic in me thought it was more to do with her capacity to snoop on private telephone conversations through the archaic telephone system, which she alone controlled rather than telepathy. "Is the phone system still ancient?"
Connie giggled in a way that was so lovely it should have been recorded and sold as an APP. "Not at all, but that doesn’t stop her from knowing it all –I have no idea how she does it really." She placed her handbag on the counter then stood back looking me over, "forget about feckin Rosie – how are you?"
"Grand, fine, great!" I lied with a forced smile while gazing at the two people I had shared so many summers with. It felt strange seeing them, yet at the same time wonderful knowing they were still very much part of this corner of the world. "Lovely to see you both." I said in earnest all the while hoping to ward off any enquiries about my life. "Have you met significant others? Do you have kids? Houses with white picket fences?" 
Cathal spoke first. "Sis here, married the local solicitor, has two girls, an Irish wolfhound who hates all men with moustaches and they live in the first house past the graveyard."
"Good for you Connie" I offered coyly "now whose the solicitor?" They shared a fleeting glance then Cathal piped up first. "James Daly."
"My James?" That had come out before I realized what I had said and I winced in shame. James Daly was the first boy to hold my hand and kiss me –as innocently as ten year olds can kiss. We were constantly together. I was the Tonto to his Lone Ranger, but despite our closeness as children I had not given him a second thought throughout the years. In all honesty I didn’t even know why a kiss had made me feel I had a claim on him. I hoped Connie would not take offense.
"He’s my James now Miss Bee – so no sharesy there" Connie said teasingly.
"Of course not. I’m so sorry – no idea where that came from." She smiled widely before hugging me tightly and I knew the issue was dead.
"And you Cathal?" I asked happy to veer away from my faux pas. "Who has taken your heart for their own?"
"This week," Connie interjected "it’s some new gersha over at the coffee shop in Baileborough. Poor thing hasn’t a feckin clue she will be dumped like yesterday’s eggs when he’s pursuing the next skirt to catch his eye."
"Cathal!" I exclaimed laughingly "you’re a cad!! - Seriously though, there’s a coffee shop in Baileborough? Do they sell tea leaves?"
"Yes to the coffee shop and yes to the tea-leaves" he said playfully. "And not fair to calling me a cad Miss Bee. I am just simply distracted. Some would say I am perpetually dissatisfied, but I prefer to call it the constant quest for my soul mate."
When Connie scoffed Cathal scowled, "hey it’s not my fault I haven’t found my other half…….but I will, you’ll see."
I knew what was coming when both sets of eyes turned toward me but discussing the lacklustre details of my love life was up there with rectal probes for enjoyment, so I diverted attention to the need for refreshments. "Cuppa anyone?" I asked while flipping the switch on the already filled kettle.
"Hold on there now Bee" Connie goaded, "tell us what you’ve been up to. I heard you were living in Boston so I know you’ve feckin loads to tell!"
Oh God! "Not much to tell really," I shrugged. "I was there for a few years but came back because my visa expired" 
All lies.
"That’s it?" Connie balked. "Ah for feck sake….we haven’t seen you in an age and that’s all you have to say."
"Well…I..uhm"
"Are you datin? Where did you work? Did you go to university like you always said you would?"
Sweet Divine Moonbeams I needed to escape! Just then the kettle whistled giving me a chance to turn away from their questions. "Ahmm..no…I’m not dating anyone right now." I mentioned casually as I filled three mugs.
Connie passed a mug to Cathal then took hers. They both added milk and sugar and took a long sip. "Mmm. That hit just the spot" Connie said smaking her lips. "So ya had been datin up until recently?"
Crap, crap, crap, crap, crap!! "Ahm.... well…..ahm...."
"Okay did you leave him or did he leave you?" Connie asked intrigued.
I hadn’t even dealt with the whole messy break-up yet and now was definitely not the time or place for dissecting that. "Ahm….mutually…it ended mutually."
"Hmmm," Connie mused disbelievingly "sounds like you got your heart sliced and diced."
I didn’t respond to her comment - too afraid the subject of my defunct love-life would continue. Connie’s fingers suddenly snapped.
"She needs to get back in the saddle! And there’s only one thing good for getting some pep back into your step."
"Absolutely!" Cathal nodded in understanding.
I smiled widely but inside I was screaming at what they could possibly be scheming.
"Miss Bee," he continued unaware, I was dreading every syllable he was about to pronounce, "you are coming to the ceilidh with us tomorrow night. It’ll be a mad laugh and you’ll get to see all the gang again. We’ll have you dancing with all the eligibles in no time!"
"A ceilidh?"
"Surely," Connie said with hands on her hips "ya haven’t been gone so long you’ve feckin forgotten that a night of Irish dancing is called a Ceilidh?"
"Well..no, I mean I know what a ceilidh is." The squirming subsided. An evening of traditional dance I could handle…maybe. "It’s just I’m not sure if I can leave the farm…. there are the animals …"
"Feck that!!!" Connie said waving her hand as if swatting a fly. "You’re coming. No arguments. Eight o’clock in the village hall. Cathal here will pick you up -won’tja Cathal?"
He bowed lowly, "you’re footman Madame."
I couldn’t help but giggle. 
"Okay I’ll go, but I’ll let Jay know."
They exchanged uncomfortable glances again. 
"Oh he won’t come Bee," Connie said shaking her head. 
"I meant I’ll let him know I won’t be here –on the farm. But why wouldn’t he go?"
"He never socializes with the locals. Oh, he’ll go to the old pub and sip a few pints quietly, but he doesn’t mix."
"Why’s that?" Connie sighed. 
"Bee, people see him as a traveller and don’t want his company. Around here they think if one traveller starts drinking in a pub the whole clan will come in and there’ll be fights and what have you."
"But that’s not true."
"I know that, and you know that but for many people all over the country travellers are just trouble-makers who leave their campsites laden with rubbish. You can’t change the way people see things. And believe me we’ve tried - we invited him out soooooooooo many times but he always just says, "I’ll see if I can" but then never shows up. We can’t get him to change his feckin mind at all." She tsked at the sadness of the situation then quickly changed the subject. "Now we’re just dropping by to leave the supplies, but we’ll be back tomorrow to get started on the bakin’". 
My eyes widened "baking?" 
Cathal headed to the kitchen door "Since Dee’s not here we’re hoping you’d pitch in." 
I watched him disappear around the side of the house my silence indicative of how I hadn’t a clue as to what was going on. 
Connie topped up her tea with water still hot in the kettle and did the same with my mug. "Don’t look so worried, we get it all done as a team." Cathal returned with large containers of the "Tupperware" variety. Before I could ask what my contribution was, he headed out again. Connie looked over her shoulder then spoke lowly. "So how is he?"
"Who?" I asked confused. A sudden thought entered my mind and I hoped she wasn’t trying to set me up with Cathal because I saw him as a brother and had absolutely no romantic inclinations toward him.
"Jay" she whispered. "What’s he been like since you got here?"
Her tone was conspiratorial and made me feel there was more to the question than general well-being.
"Ahm….fine. Very nice."
I would have to stop lying one of these days. I couldn’t remember the last time I told anyone the truth. The words of Mr. Shakespeare rang through my head…oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive. Still I couldn’t help wondering what Connie was trying to say. "Why? Anything the matter?"
A big smile broke across her face. "Are ya blind?? Don’t you think he’s just a hunk and a half? Fab bod too. Feck!!"
"Connie McCabe!" I chided laughingly. "If James heard you….."
"Feck that," she waved away concern, "I’ve no interest in Jay, but he’s alright on the eyes. That’s all I’m saying Mother Superior."
I was relieved that Connie wasn’t interested in Jay, simply for her marriage’s sake not for any other reason at all.
"Anyway, I think while you’re here you two should have some fun together....and whatnot."
I was choking on my tea when Cathal returned with a heavy tub filled with trays of tin foil, wire racks, bags of flour, pie dishes and rolling pins.
"Pies?" I asked once I caught my breath again.
"Tarts!" Connie corrected as we helped relieve Cathal of the load. "Dee and myself make a ton of tarts every week and bring them to the local market. Cathal helps out too and we divide the profits between the three of us."
"And you sell many?"
"Can’t keep up – demand is more than we can supply." Cathal added as he placed the container on the floor beside the fridge. "Dee’s the master tart maker so we don’t know if we can replicate them. I swear that woman puts fairy dust or magic in them."
"You all made tarts with Dee every week?" There was no reason why I should feel terribly guilty for not being part of their weekly gathering because I had deliberately stepped away from our relationship. So why did I sense I had missed out on something precious. I must not abandon my relatives. I must not abandon my relatives.
"So tomorrow it is Bee." Connie said ushering Cathal out the kitchen door. "See ya! And have fun!"
The rest of the morning was spent collecting the hens’ eggs, feeding Big Sally, giving her a mud bath and umpteen other chores. By early afternoon I felt fit to drop. Even double shifts at the diner hadn’t tired me out like this. I’d never again have to jog to keep fit.
As I headed back to the cottage with the intention of falling onto the couch, I glanced up the field towards Cherrymount Hill and immediately felt the same strange pull to return there. That same invisible arm enveloped me urging me to leave everything and go to the tree. I instantly turned to the white post fence and climbed onto the first rung, but spotted Jay puttering around the cows for some reason or other. Not wanting to cross paths, I decided to postpone returning to the hill. Instead I headed to the bathroom, peeled off my dirty clothes and let the steaming hot water run over my aching muscles.
Once I had dried off, I dressed in a pale blue chiffon blouse, dark skinny jeans, a navy hoodie and flat pumps. Feeling too lazy to do anything with my hair, I combed through the black waves to let it dry naturally. The clock read one thirty five in the afternoon, which gave me plenty of time to have a bite before going to the village for some groceries. 
In the kitchen I put on the kettle and assembled the makings of a toasted sandwich. Mat and Nat bustled in eagerly sniffing the air. Unable to deprive them of a little treat, I took my sandwich, sat on the floor and fed them each half. They inhaled the food in a second.
"Really lads," I said patting their heads lovingly "savor it a bit longer next time."
Tails wagged excitedly while lolling tongues licked my face before each one snuggled onto my lap. I was laughing out loud when Jay poked his head in the door a look of surprise on his face. He held my gaze for a long moment then with a snap of his fingers summoned the dogs and left. Everything I did seemed to frustrate that man. 
While cleaning up, I stole a glance towards the field, checking to see if Jay was still about. Two questions bothered me about my actions, one being, was I checking on Jay because I wanted to go to the hill unnoticed, or was I checking on Jay because I liked him when really I shouldn’t? I decided it was the former because obviously Jay thought I was a pariah. But Connie was right about one thing, he certainly was good-looking.
To keep my mind off all things Willowy and Jay, I decided a trip to the village was a must or I’d be running after the hens for each meal, such was the state of the pantry. Dee’s old van was parked on a patch of tarmac at the far left of the house. I would have loved nothing more than to hop inside and drive the two miles to the grocery shop, but I had learned to drive with an automatic gear shift in Boston and Dee’s transmission was standard. I wasn’t going to try and scrap the gear-box by teaching myself today, so an alternative means of transport was found in the supply shed - an old bicycle complete with a wicker basket.
There is an ancient expression to describe the village of Moynalty - all to one side -like the village of Moynalty. The majority of businesses are on one side of the street. Only in the past decade a few buildings have cropped up on the opposite side, but the count is still heavily unbalanced. A road sign declaring Moynalty the undisputed winner in the Tidy Towns competition greeted me after I passed the well-tended graveyard and noticed Connie and James’s house. The word "house" was an understatement because the sprawling two storey home was grandiose, reflecting wealth but also homeliness. I was glad they had found each other. 
The sense of civic pride was obvious everywhere. Main Street, for there was only one, was completely free of litter, the asphalt smooth and pot hole free. All shop fronts were freshly painted and blooming flower baskets decorated the windowsills of every business. Even the homes I passed had perfectly mowed lawns with various amounts of flowers providing vivacious colors to what was already a picture perfect place.
I headed for the post-office to pay the utility bills. The local "An Phoist" branch sat on the edge of town. It was housed on the ground floor of a two storey cottage, complete with a thatched roof. The white-washed walls and small windows gave it a Beatrix-Potter allure. Inside the dark wooden floors matched thick timber beams running through the ceiling and down the walls. Two island counters stood in the middle to help customers prepare their letters and parcels. 
At the rear, and behind a large sectioned work-area, a woman in her mid-sixties stood sorting envelopes into little slots. Her many bangles clinked with the repetitive movement. A wine paisley tunic covered a very petite frame and her grey curly hair was tied back loosely. When she turned around, soft blue eyes peered over half-rimmed glasses. Nothing had changed since last I saw Rosie. A couple of days before my estrangement from Dee, she had patted me lightly on the shoulder and said "you’ll come back." At the time I thought she was just plain loopy but now I wasn’t so sure.
"Well Blaine, as predicted you’re back." The words carried a strength and power that belied the vessel they were coming from.
"Hello Rosie" my voice shook slightly.
The woman intimidated me. Her eyes closed momentarily before opening wide.
"Dee’s happy. She knows you’re here."
"She does?" I glanced around me wondering how that was possible. h…okay...good…ah thank you. I’m going to try and see her… when things get sorted out."
"Don’t be alone if you do." 
I hadn’t a clue what she meant but her piercing regard made me want to get out of there. "I need to pay these bills, please."
Her hands expertly flicked through the papers then with a few sharp pounds of her stamp, announced the total sum. I promptly paid from the envelope of cash Patsy had provided per Dee’s directives. As Rosie handed me the change our hands touched. Her hand grabbed mine for a long moment before a look of pain crossed her features.
"Everything okay Rosie?" I asked suddenly worried she was feeling poorly.
"Wait here child!"
She disappeared behind a door to the right of the counter and I could hear soft footsteps mount the stairs and cross the floor above me. I raised my eyes to the ceiling as a cacophony of sounds echoed about. Following the returning tread of feet, she was behind me before I knew it.
"Now" she said with a sigh before placing a piece of jewellery in my hand. "Wear this around your neck at all times. Do not take it off until I say so. Do you understand?"
I held the jewel in my open palm and saw a beautiful pear-shaped transparent crystal hanging on a long silver chain. It looked ancient and expensive. "I’m sorry Rosie", I said pushing the pendant towards her, "I cannot accept this. It is too good and..."
"Hush child!!" She ordered fiercely. "What do you know of value?! This is about saving your life. You’re a lamb amongst wolves. Wear this until it is safe!"
"Safe? Rosie, I’m fine, please…"
She placed the pendant over my head fixing it so it fell to the center of my chest and with a what-more-do-you-want-look said "well off with you now child – I’m a busy woman!"
She came out from behind the counter escorting me quickly to the threshold. I said thanks to a closed door.
After that strange experience I tucked the crystal inside my blouse out of sight then made my way to the only grocery store in town, referred to for a very long time as The Bus. As the story goes, a bus crashed on that spot and was converted into a local store. Today it looks nothing like a bus, but a modern general store. I picked up a basket very much aware that I was being scrutinized by a few ladies grouped together and talking in hushed tones. When everything was placed on the checkout counter, coincidentally they happened to arrive at the same time and the inevitable conversation began.
"You’re Dee’s niece...isn’t that right?" A small stout woman about Dee’s age asked the question, while her two companions eyed me closely. The woman behind the counter nodded a hello but said nothing.
"Yes" I answered politely, deliberately not elaborating. All three women exchanged quick glances.
"Shocking thing she did, isn’t it?" Woman number two asked. She seemed to be around Iris’ age. With diplomacy in mind I responded "I wouldn’t know."
"Well make sure you get a look at that video" woman number two continued in a thinly veiled disguise at concern "because it’s just a shame to see poor Dee like that."
Woman number one quickly responded. "Everyone saw it coming."
"Really?" I replied feeling puzzled "were there signs of her being… uhm unwell?"
And the third responded sympathetically. "Oh... I suppose there weren’t many obvious signs, but there was the stress of what she was dealing with."
"Stress?" I enquired. "What kind of stress?"
I placed my reusable grocery bags on the counter. The third woman, a corpulent but fashionably attired fifty something with wide eyes stood still staring at me.
"Well, they’d probably need to say that stress drove her over the edge."
"Dee couldn’t have been stressed." I could hear my tone of disbelief.
She scoffed lightly, "Dee Hanley had more on her plate than she let on."
The cashier gently chided the woman but got a wave of a hand as if to say hush, vital information is being extracted here. The three customers clearly had their own opinion on what happened so I played the game. 
"…In what way?" I enquired.
They glanced at each other nervously. "Well it’s those knackers she had living with her."
Again the third woman had spoken.
"Knackers!" I gasped at the derogatory label.
With a roll of her eyes, the third woman had now taken the lead and was obviously speaking for the others. "Travellers then if you want. You know - Dee housed them, fed them, never stopped giving to them and what do they turn around and do – take her land and home. Now it may appear like she was okay with all of this, but I seriously doubt that. Trapped she was!! And couldn’t find a way out either!! I’d say she didn’t know how to get help and ended up with the worst end of the stick."
A general consensus was quickly reached on how terrible the Travelling people were, whether they were settled or not. A litany of faults followed with all three mutually supporting every negative adjective. I turned toward the silent but aghast shopkeeper and asked for my items to be checked out. After paying, I faced the group deciding to probe one last detail. "Do you know who Dee gave her land to?" 
Without a second’s hesitation the third woman happily continued. "It’s that Jay fella for sure. He wouldn’t talk to you in a month of Sunday’s. Strange lad, very strange. They say his own kind didn’t even want him in their community, murdered someone he did."
My eyes widened in shock giving her exactly the reaction she was looking for.
"Oh yes Dearie", she went on "beat someone to a pulp from what I heard. Anyway it was Patsy who took him in. Didn’t do him any good either that’s for sure. Patsy’s boy turned bad too and now that poor lad is sitting in Limerick jail. Patsy didn’t want Jay with him anymore, so Dee took him in and look what happened to her. He’s bad news that fella so you mind yourself Dearie. It’s not good being out there on that farm all alone with him, d’ya hear?"
I nodded thanks, quickly took my bags and left.
Outside I felt dazed as I placed the groceries in the basket on the bicycle. I was not ready to cycle back to the cottage nor see Jay for that matter. I needed a few moments to process what was just said, so I crossed the road, placed my bike against the low stone wall and headed down the very narrow earthen trail to the minute wooden bridge leading to the tennis courts. 
Leaning over the bridges’ wooden railing I watched the clear stream water babbling joyously over the rocks. The sweet smell of wet grass and soft earth made Moynalty undeniably bucolic and peaceful. But Iris was right, gossip was a main feature of life here. 
I didn’t want to believe a word those women said. Many a person had been wrongly condemned by rumours and innuendos. They were as soul destroying as formal accusations. So why was the expression "there’s never smoke without fire" at the front and center of my thoughts. I mean the only thing I could say about Jay other than he was not the jolliest of people was that he trusted nobody and wasn’t surprised that others did not trust him. Still, if something happened to Dee because of any kind of violent incident, I wouldn’t let it go until I learned the truth. 
Surely Iris would have told me if something more sinister was suspected. Let’s say Jay did have an anger management or possession issue, would she have left me alone there with him? Come to think of it she did beat a hasty retreat after dropping me off.
But what about Jay’s past? Did he really harm somebody? Enough to be kicked out of his own tight-knit community? Did he go on then to harass Dee until she lost her marbles? And what about poor Dee in all of this? She trusted him, treated him like her own son yet could he have mistreated her? Well only Dee could tell me what really happened. I intended on finding a way to visit her even if Iris was dead-set against the idea.
"Blaine."
I gave a startled jump and turned to see Jay standing a couple of feet away. My heart leapt while my cheeks reddened, as if the accusations I’d been mulling over were transparent to him. "Jay!" I said breathlessly. "I didn’t hear you approaching."
His lips twitched before briefly breaking into a smile that was so beautiful I found myself staring at his face. He looked rugged and fetching as ever, but I was seeing him with different eyes now. Rosie’s words along with the shop biddies’ information, whether true or not, made me wary.
"Sorry Blaine, I’ll wear a cow-bell next time" he said jokingly.
This pleasant Jay was a one-eighty degree shift from the grumpy one. And why the sudden change? Was I not the very cause of all his discontent? Honestly, the only way I thought I could make him happy was if I had four udders and hung out with Nula.
"So what has ya down here?"
"Just taking in the river" I blurted.
He leaned an elbow lazily on the wooden ledge. "They say ya never step in the same river twice".
"That’s poetic."
"I didn’t say it first," he smiled inching a little closer to me.
The wind carried his fresh spicy scent which made my heart do a funny sort of flip. He was undeniably beautiful, but more than that he exuded a power I could not label. Whatever it was about him, it made me want to reach out and touch the fabric of a superbly fitting Navy t-shirt. I backed up a little to create some space between us. "Who did then?"
He shrugged his shoulders, "I suppose some fella who fished a lot."
"Right." I couldn’t help smiling. "So what brings you to the village?" And how come you’re being civil?
"Arrah a bit of this ‘n that", he answered vaguely. "’N yourself?"
"I was out of this and that too."
His head nodded slightly before a chuckle escaped his full lips. An awkward silence grew between us until my stomach made a loud grumbling noise.
"Hungry?"
I had fed my lunch to Mat and Nat and breakfast was a distant memory.
"A little. I suppose."
"Well, home is the only place to eat ‘round here."
I nodded and turned to leave but glanced over my shoulder saw him dig into his pocket and throw a penny into the water, his lips uttering something indecipherable.
"Was that a wish?" I teased.
"No!" The tone had changed to one of annoyance. "So, ya’re on your way back to the cottage?"
There was something behind the brevity of his response. "Why did you throw it in the water then?"
"’Tis nothin’." Grumpy Jay was back.
Maybe this morning I would have cowered away from his bark, but in my quest to know more about this man I pressed him for an answer. "Please, I want to know."
It was like as if I had asked him to reveal State secrets. He rubbed a hand through his hair before digging both hands deep into his pockets, clearly uncomfortable. When he didn’t answer I took a penny from my jeans pocket and went to throw it over the bridge. His hand grabbed my wrist. The expression on his face panicked.
"Don’t do that!!!!"
I couldn’t help laughing, "Why not? It’s just a penny."
He didn’t find it funny. "Please, just put it back in yer pocket."
"I will, if you tell me why you can throw one in but I can’t."
He waited until I had secured the coin in my pocket. "Tis payment."
"Payment? For what?"
"No matter" he said dismissively "do ya have other things to get here?"
"No. And I’d like if you’d tell me what that was for."
He hesitated, his eyes holding mine as if juggling some inner conflict. I waited, but he just stood there, lips pressed together frozen in some silent limbo. With a shrug of my shoulders I reached into my pocket. "Right then."
"....’tis to pay the river spirit."
Once again I couldn’t help but laugh.
"Really? A river spirit!"
His arms folded across his solid chest defensively "ya don’t believe me then."
"I didn’t say that", my tone was slightly impatient. "My knowledge on water spirits is nil, so you’ll have to explain to me...if you want to…that is."
I knew little about the travelling community other than they did not trust outsiders, so I’d be surprised if this conversation went any further. He looked off toward the tennis courts, his frown deepening as he pushed his hands into the pockets of his jeans. The inner conflict was waging again, if it ever stopped. I did want to know about his past, but this was not the way I wanted to go about it. Mutual sharing seemed so much more appealing than extortion.
"Well, look…it’s no matter. I’d better be getting a move on anyway" I said lightly glancing toward the rain clouds moving in. "Looks like there are a few showers on the way."
I had taken no more than a few steps when I heard his voice. "Tis an ancient custom....... we traveller men hold sacred."
I turned to face him. "If this is breaking some sort of code Jay, I …."
"One of many rituals..." he continued ignoring my comment, "passed on from the men to their sons …."
"And you’re probably not supposed to be telling me this." He stepped closer to me now, barely a couple of inches apart. ".....and we do it to protect the womenfolk from being taken by the river. A great flood once swept away every woman and girl of three clans. It was claimed their men had upset the river spirit and it sought revenge by taking their loved ones."
His fierce regard held mine for a long moment.
"That’s a sad but a lovely custom" I exhaled breathily as every cell in my body seemed to dance with glee at his proximity. There was some freaky energy happening between us. Pulling my mind from thoughts of dancing with Jay, I focused on what he had just revealed. "So it only applies to women of your community, or your clan. It doesn’t extend outside those boundaries?"
Sadness seemed to flow over him. "Any woman can be taken by the river."
Looking into his dark peridot eyes, I honestly couldn’t detect anything to make me believe he could harm anyone, least of all Dee. But then again I didn’t know him at all.
"Well I promise to keep your custom secret."
He seemed surprised at that but said nothing. His look told me he didn’t believe it.
"Thanks for the ahm….penny then." I said and made my way up the path to where I’d left my bike and groceries.
"Do ya need a lift?"
"Thanks, but I’ve a bike."
"I can fit it into the back of the van no problem."
The light grey clouds were now a darker hue. Rain was imminent. "I’ll be fine."
He smirked then followed me up the path. 
After he drove off, I hopped on my bike and began pedalling home. Passing the church thunder rumbled in the distance accompanied by loud cracks of lightening. If I cycled fast enough, I’d probably make it to Dee’s before the storm started. I had just begun what would have qualified as a fierce "spinning" session when the skies opened soaking me to the skin in no time.
 Streaks of lightning lit up the dark sky seconds before deafening cracks whipped the air. I quickly took shelter under the sprawling branches of the primary school’s Sycamore tree, regretting not taking Jay up on that lift. Another crack of lighting had me crouching at the trees base, my hands covering my ears as I cowered from nature’s ferocity. I saw the boots and jerked up with fright. Jay smiled as he took my bike and groceries and placed them in the back of the van, oblivious to the torrent falling on him.
"Yer soaked" he said once we pulled away from the curb.
"Same as yourself."
He smiled at that. "And by the way, never shelter under a tree in a storm. Ye’ll end up crispier than a chicken fried in Kentucky."
Ohhh-kay, he certainly was chatty today. "Right."
He handed me a roll of kitchen paper from a pouch behind his seat and I wiped my face dry then broke off a couple of squares and handed them to him to do likewise, but he just passed his hand over his face and nodded that he was done.
"I suppose ya met some local ladies when ya got yer schtuff in the Bus," he said nonchalantly.
I wasn’t expecting that. Caught off guard I glanced his way. The look he gave me told me he already knew the truth and wanted me to admit it. "Yes." I didn’t elaborate.
"And?" he continued
"Yes?"
"They talked about me?"
"Yes."
"Blaine, jaysus everything is just yes withja."
My eyebrows rose in surprise. "You do exactly the same thing every morning at breakfast!"
"Really?" There was genuine surprise in his voice. "I do?"
"Yes."
"Well, sorry ‘bout that. I promise to talk more with ya."
I felt he was telling the truth and decided tomorrow morning would be a test to see if he kept his word.
"So" he continued "what were ya told?"
I grimaced unable to repeat the ugly accusations.
"That I was bad?," he interjected "violent?, a misfit?, someone to avoid?"
"If you know what people say about you, why ask me then?"
"Because I want to know what ya believe."
"Why? What does it matter?"
"Well ya seem to be a little bit like Dee."
"And?"
He gave me a side-ways glance, "She looked beyond the gossip. Didn’t see the worst in everyone."
"I tried to hit you with a vase. That’s hardly seeing the good in someone."
"Despite me frightenin’ ya, I’ve been treated to a couple of very nice breakfasts."
"I’ve made you homeless."
"Not true. There is a very nice spot next to Big Sally. She’s not put out one bit."
I gaped at him, "You’re sleeping with Big Sally!!!!!!"
"We’re being careful – I promise."
I couldn’t help but smile. "We can share the cottage you know."
"’Tis a small village Blaine, rumours travel faster than lightning here. Ya’d have more problems than ya can imagine."
"That’s why you’re not staying in the cottage??! Because of what people will think?!!"
"’Tis not for me, tis for yerself."
"Hey, I’m a big girl who can take care of herself so don’t suffer on my account."
"I’ll move back in …..once ya’ve served out yer sentence." I flinched remembering my comment to Alex.
"Look, I’m sorry you heard that. I really didn’t mean that I didn’t want to help Dee…I just feel a bit useless. That’s all."
I must not be a useless farmhand. I must not be a useless farmhand. He didn’t respond which just confirmed he believed I was useless –something I didn’t need to have shoved in my face right now.
The rain was still falling heavily by the time we reached the cottage but when I went to take the groceries from the back, Jay had already removed the bike and bags with little effort and placed it against the bungalow wall. I ran on ahead while he carried the groceries to the house. Mat and Nat greeted us with wagging tails and excited barks.
"Care for a cuppa?" I said offering him a clean hand towel to wipe away the dripping rain from his face. I switched on the water to boil then pulled another towel from the drawer and patted my face dry. He began placing the food in the fridge and cupboards.
"There are chores to do".
"Later then" I said lightly and turned off the kettle.
When I turned around he stood close to me, placing flour in the cupboard above the kettle. His eyes held mine as he closed the cupboard door and for a moment we stood still our bodies almost touching. His gaze fell to my lips and I could feel heat rising in my cheeks. Why I reacted like that I had no idea but I had to look away embarrassed.
"Right, better get a move on" he said with a wry smile and in an instant was gone.
 Quickly patting my hands to cool the rising heat flushing my cheeks, I paced the kitchen floor for a few moments until muffled voices caught my attention. Curious, I peered outside and saw Connie and Jay had stopped to chat; well she was doing all the talking. I heard her mention the ceilidh but if Jay said something I didn’t catch it. After giving her signature fly swatting wave, she pulled from her large tote, a tinfoil covered dish along with a bulky napkin and pushed them into his hands. He smiled, nodded a thanks then headed down the dirt lane to the yard. Connie spotted me at the door, waved again then bustled merrily into the house.
"Are you ready to cook Miss Bee ‘coz I have a list of tarts which will make everyone’s mouth water."
"Sounds like a plan!"
"You feeling okay?" Connie asked.
"Absolutely! Why?" 
Her hand flew to my forehead. "You’re feckin cheeks are as red as a bairn with nappy rash."
I shrugged saying nothing but secretly prayed for her to think of some other subject to discuss than my redness. Content that I wasn’t ill, she turned on the oven and began scrubbing her hands in the kitchen sink then motioned me to do the same. "C’mon get those paws scoured clean and I’ve brought you a hair net. If Joan Foster found a hair in her tart she’d have the health board here faster than you can say "compo" tha’ bitch."
"Connie!!!" I laughed "you’re terrible!"
"What?" She responded with fake surprise. "She’s the one who had Mary O’Neill suspended from working at the butchers because she wore feckin nail varnish. It cost Rory three thousand euros for a barrister to declare her varnish was legal as long as the meat was raw."
"All that trouble for nothing." I offered.
"Well now you know who we’re dealing with - a wagon!"
"A wagon," I repeated distractedly opening the door to keep the kitchen from over-heating with the oven on. 
A gust of wind suddenly swirled around me whispering Restore. I could feel its desperate need for me to follow it, to abandon everything and go to Cherrymount hill. What needed restoring? Why did they think I could restore anything? And who was calling me like that? The plea sounded so desperate I wanted nothing more than to help, to know what I could do. I would be the one…I felt it..I would be the one who could... 
"Where do ya fecking think you’re off to?" Connie chided while pulling my apron brusquely.
I looked around and saw I was standing near the white post fence but had no recollection of having left the house.
"Maybe you aren’t feeling well," Connie said worried. "I’ll call Jay."
"No!" I exclaimed abruptly. "There’s not a bother on me. Honestly. I just thought I heard Nula mooing - you know early labor or whatever."
"You sure? ‘Cause I didn’t hear anything."
"That reminds me, I still didn’t get the vets phone number in case Nula needs care."
"For the calfing?"
I nodded. "I haven’t a clue what to do if Jay or Patsy aren’t around."
"I haven’t a clue either," Connie responded with raised eyebrows, "but sure one of them is always around anyway. So don’t you worry."
She was right but I still made a mental note to get the number before the day was done.
"Alright, now let’s get scrubbin!" She chirped.
I was shown the ritual of thoroughly disinfecting the counter surfaces with the wrath of Joan Foster in mind. After surgically sanitizing our hands once more we finally began to make the tarts. Connie made the dough and my task was chopping pecans, many of which found their way into my mouth. I hadn’t realized how hungry I was.
"If I had known you were going to have a nutty lunch I would have brought you something more substantial –like my shepherd’s pie. I just gave Jay a piece. For some reason he loves it, so whenever I make one, I bring extras for him too."
"That’s very nice of you." 
Connie gave me a wry glance followed by a wink, "I’ll leave you the recipe. That way you could try it and Jay’ll let you know if it turned out alright."
I popped another pecan in my mouth and changed the subject."Tell me about post-office Rosie?"
"That woman scares the beejesus out of me in a good way. She’s unreal. Do you know I was married only two weeks –just back from the honeymoon actually - when I met her in the village and she not only told me I was pregnant, but declared it was a girl. I feckin didn’t believe her because James and I made sure we were safe. I mean, yes we wanted a family - eventually, but not immediately. I told her as much too, but she told me to buy plenty of pink and was gone. Anyway, I was spooked enough to drive to Kells, got a test, took it, and the rest as they say is history. Nine months later little Calla was born and she just changed our lives in such a wonderful way."
"Wow...that’s quite the story."
"Beth came along two years after that and Rosie predicted that one as well but I cut her off before she could tell me the baby’s sex. I wanted it to be a surprise and even told the nurse doing the ultrasound not to say a word about it being a boy or a girl. I just needed to know if all ten fingers and ten toes were there. I had myself convinced I was having a boy, but that was not the case when I delivered. I thought James might be disappointed he didn’t get a son, but that man didn’t give a shite. As long as we were all healthy, he was happy."
"He sounds like a great guy."
"Oh he’s the best! Now enough about us and the bairns -tell me about Boston."
"Ahm….it’s an incredible city. The historic buildings, the people, the….."
"For feck sake! I’m not talkin about the place, which I’m sure is amazeballs by the way, but I meant what happened to you there love wise, or as they say in matters of the heart."
My heart was smashed is what I would have said, but didn’t. In light of the traitor Bernice experience I couldn’t say I was feeling trustworthy.
"Well I suppose I just didn’t find the right fella."
Connie placed a fist on her hip. "Blaine Hanley do you not feckin trust me!!!!?"
My face reddened at her directness. "No.. I mean..yes…yes I do…of course." Oh God I was a terrible person. What was wrong with me? Connie was so sweet.
"Mmmhhhmm…. Right then." She turned back to the tarts, "well when you find out what you really mean and you want to talk Missy Bee, I’ll be here. But don’t you forget, you’re the only person in the world I told about what really happened to the money missing from the church collection that time."
"I’m sorry Connie. I don’t mean to be……I just…"
She placed flour covered hands on my shoulders and stared straight at me. "Don’t burst a blood vessel Bee. We’ll talk when you feel like it."
I smiled in relief.
"But it had better be feckin good when you do get to spillin those beanzzz."
I laughed and we got back to preparing the filling. The scent of vanilla wafted throughout the kitchen as the brown sugar filling came together. Connie stepped back from the counter, placed the wooden spoon on the saucer then said "right! Time to do your thing."
The smooth sugary filling appeared ready but Connie was the expert not me so I stepped in, took up the spoon and started putting some elbow grease into it.
"What are you doing?" Connie asked confused.
"I’m mixing, like you asked."
"I know but…..you didn’t say anything. Aren’t you supposed to say something?"
"Am I?"
"You don’t know?"
I shook my head. "What am I supposed to say?"
"I suppose….whisper over it or something."
Feeling this was beyond odd, but not wanting to upset Connie who seemed intent on having her tarts blessed, I closed my eyes while holding onto the bowl then silently mouthed a quick before-meals prayer. When I told Connie I was done, she didn’t seem convinced. With a quick shrug she conceded "okay if you say so," then took the mixture and placed it in the pie shells. 
While the tarts baked, Cathal showed up and helped wash up the mess before loading the finished product in his van. I carried the last small tray to Cathal saving one tart for dessert later.
"Market’s tomorrow morning Bee" he called while shutting the van’s rear doors. "I can pick you up if you don’t feel like cycling."
"I’m good to get there on pedal power, thanks."
Connie stepped in front of me and said lowly "if your "contribution" worked these will sell like hot cakes." With a wink of her eye she climbed into the van and both siblings drove off. I hadn’t a clue what she meant.
When I returned to the kitchen, Jay was rinsing his shepherd’s pie dish in the sink. I didn’t even know what to say to strike up a conversation so I cut a slice of pie, put it on a plate, silently offered it to him then headed to the armchair in the living room. I must have dozed off because next thing Jay was standing beside me with the phone in his hand.
"Call for Miss Hanley" he said with a gentle smile, "from Boston."
Panic surged within me and I immediately flew off the chair while shaking my head vigorously. He frowned for a second before putting the call on hold.
"Who is it?" I whispered sharply, hearing the terror in my voice.
Holding my gaze, he took the call off hold. "May I ask who’s calling please?"
He sounded very formal. With a sharp nod of his head he uttered "one moment please", put the phone on hold again then looked at me. "Some Luca fella – Lucozade?" he teased.
I bolted to the kitchen. He slowly followed me while talking to my ex-boyfriend.
"Blaine’s not available right now. Would ya like to leave a message?"
He listened for a few seconds but judging from the way Jay held out the phone I guessed Luca had reacted in his typical way then hung up abruptly. I had broken out in a cold sweat.
"No message for ya" he said with that amazing sideways grin.
My shoulders fell in relief. "Thanks" I muttered embarrassed that he now knew Luca existed.
"Who was that? If ya don’t mind me askin’."
"Ahm…..that was… Luca..ahm F-Father Luca. The community….. priest in Boston…." More lies. God I was pathetic. His laughter astonished me when it rang out. It was light, yet hearty, and, surprisingly infectious.
I felt indignant. "What? What’s so funny?"
"A priest ya say? Well then, he may need to go to confession."
"Why?" Dread filled my heart. I could feel blood draining from my head. "What did he say."
"Well skippin’ over the bad language, he seems to think ya hid some money of his…."
While I stood there processing the message Jay said with a smile, "….before ya were sent to jail…..."
I bolted from the kitchen.
Chapter 4

The next day I found the courage to check my phone messages simply because I was so afraid Luca had called again. He was capable of harassing me long distance. Plus Jay could surely access the phone messages and I didn’t want him knowing any more than he already did. As it was, I was avoiding him like the plague since yesterday. God this was the last thing I needed! If Iris found out I was in jail I’d never hear the end of it. Just the shame of the whole affair was hard for me to live with. Having it rehashed with my mother’s flair for drama would be unbearable.
There were four messages. Cathal was reminding me to be at the end of town for eight to set up for market day. Iris called to see if the house was still standing – her words exactly – she added that Dee was under-going a second psych evaluation today and to stay well away from her. Luca said he wanted to "effin talk pronto babe." My best friend Bernice, who was sleeping with Luca while we were dating, also called warning me not to phone Luca as he was living with her now and that would be a breach of the restraining order. I selected ‘delete all’ then slowly set the phone back on the base telling myself I would be checking my messages again when hell froze over. 
Market day was a bustling happy weekly event, as busy vendors set up their wares, be it fruit, veg, pastries, or hardware. Rosie had a stall but from where I stood, I couldn’t see what she sold. Something to check out a little later. Under the white canvas stall Connie, Cathal and I set up the folding table which we decorated with a red chequered table cloth then laid out dozens of tarts and some taster samples. We waited for the rush of tart aficionados but they didn’t come. Connie kept asking if I had done "my thing" properly. I explained I had mixed things up with a good dose of elbow grease, just as she witnessed, but whatever expectations she had for my culinary success were clearly not met. Two hours later I told a very discouraged Connie and Cathal I’d have a quick look around at the other stands and would be back soon.
Strolling from one booth to the other, I felt Rosie’s eye following me around waiting for me to finally make up my mind and stop by. As I rounded the corner of the small white marquis an angry looking Jay stormed out and a collision of bodies occurred. Everything seemed to pass in slow motion because in that fleeting moment of contact where I felt my body against his, electricity shot through every inch of me creating a surge of scorching heat. My heart raced as our eyes locked on each other in a fiery blaze of passion, while gravity seemed to pull me into him. When his hands grasped my arms there was no market place, no people, no sound. We were completely alone veiled in a strange nothingness. Behind that shroud, I glimpsed a man whose dark shadow protected a small caged golden light. I didn’t understand what I was seeing and went to ask, but the veil was suddenly lifted jolting us back into the harsh cacophony of the bustling market.
As if awoken from a hypnotic state we caught sight of our closeness and mutually stepped back. Jay uttered a growled apology then walked away. I watched him pass the stalls in a great hurry and wondered what in the name of Ribena Water just happened.
"Come in child" Rosie beckoned cheerily dragging my attention away from Jay.
My head buzzed as if I had been stunned and I plodded my way inside the white plastic marquis. Rows of ancient silver canisters all intricately designed lined three rustic pine tables. The air held the aroma of many herbs blended together and I recognized the predominant scent of lavender and vanilla. My eyes glanced at a blackboard and etched into the wooden frame at the top of the board was a cursive script And Harm Thee None. Below that was a chalked list entitled Teas Of The Day. TEAS!!!!!
Green, white and black teas of all sorts surrounded me. Oh my God I had died and gone to tea heaven!! Rosie even had tea-based concoctions claiming to help a variety of ailments. Had Jay been angry about tea??
"You’re still wearing it" she announced without preamble. "Good!"
Dressed in a deep blue kimono-style blouse, her hair particularly curly and wild, she greeted me with a knowing pucker of the lips. My hand automatically went to the crystal hidden beneath my black polo neck. How did she know it was there? "You did say "all the time.""
Rosie sat at a wrought iron bistro style table with two chairs and signalled for me to join her."And you listened……. that’s a good sign."
I fell heavily onto the chair, feeling relief at being able to rest. I felt lethargic and couldn’t drag my thoughts away from whatever weirdness just happened with Jay. Yet I had just stumbled upon Ali Babba’s tea emporium. It was wonderful and scary all as the same time. "A Sign of what?" I enquired.
No response came, instead she stood up, went to the entrance of the stall and closed over a plastic flap - a front door of sorts -then returned to the table. I was certain that gesture alone would have tongues wagging amongst the villagers.
"Why was Jay angry?"
"Pfft" she replied in a disinterested huff. "Give me your hand."
This was not a request. I placed my hand palm down onto the table but she flipped it over in a heartbeat and peered closely.
"Because he seemed quite upset" I persisted.
"He doesn’t always like to hear what I have to say to him."
Her eyes never left my palm and I had to admit feeling uncomfortable under such scrutiny. Rosie exuded a power that intimidated me and I suspected, everyone else felt the same.
"Is there anything I could do to help him?" I was clutching at straws but I couldn’t very well ask what exactly made him angry.
"No. It is his path."
Obviously I wasn’t going to learn anything more here. I drew my attention back to Rosie. With wide eyes she discarded my hand rather rudely. "I cannot read you."
Thinking my hand was dirty, I double-checked the cleanliness and found it to be fine. Maybe I had no lines or was unreadable. I looked at her bewildered and asked "why not?"
"Child, you visit two times. That blurs the lines and I will not clearly see past or present because you belong to both."
"Twice?" I questioned. "This is my first time here. I’ve never come here before?"
"Think about where you sleep."
"But I sleep…" she upheld her hand to silence me.
"It is not for me to know. Go now child."
Dejectedly I rose from the table. Maybe Jay had reason to feel angry. Rosie didn’t exactly have an agreeable customer service manner. Still I felt I should support her commercial endeavours while satisfying my Oolong needs.
"I’d like to buy some tea, please."
A smile broke across her face. "I trade."
"You trade? Like barter?"
"As it was before."
"I don’t know if I have anything to trade. All my possessions are….somewhere else."
"Forget about that rubbish" she announced heatedly, "they belong in your past. Now I will give you some tea when you will bring me your first pot of jam."
"Jam?" I couldn’t help scoffing. "I never made any before and wouldn’t even know how, or where to start!"
"Blaine" Rosie said softly. I looked at the wrinkled face smiling back at me, and felt as if a river of maternal love was flowing from her into me. I know she didn’t physically move from her chair but it certainly felt as if she was hugging me tight. "Make jam not tarts. Dee was the tart queen and nobody can best her, but in you there is a jam-maker as ever I’ve seen one."
Her lithe body rose, walking a few paces to a row of ancient silver canisters. Her finger hovered before picking one up and placing it between us. "Sprinkle this in it."
"What is it?" I was afraid I’d be poisoning the general public. That’s if I were ever to attempt this insane notion she was proposing.
"A rare type of sugar. Now, Dee has a fine batch of Tayberries growing in her garden and that would make for a nice first pot. Just make sure Connie is with you when you cook them. She is full of good energy and will influence the mixture, but she can’t make tarts or jam to save herself." After giving me a look that was filled with pity she said, "she’s a good friend. We don’t get too many of those in life child, so appreciate them for the treasures they are. Your childhood friends are here for you now. It is not good to keep everyone at a distance. Let them help you feel..……..not so lost in life. It will help you heal."
Her words resonated to the point that tears threatened to fall. She knew I felt lost, isolated, useless and that was not something I wanted anyone to see in me. I shielded it constantly, sometimes even from myself.
"When do you want the jam?" I asked lightly.
"Open that flap on your way out," she said ignoring my question.
I figured she wasn’t fussy about when I delivered, so I curtly nodded my okay, hooked open the plastic door and left Oolongless.
When I got back to the tart stall, Cathal’s glum face was testimony to the non-existent sales but Connie on the other hand wore a rather large smile thanks to the stocky man hugging her tightly. Her James, no doubt.
Connie turned him around to face me. He had changed considerably. Gone were the cute curls, round face and velvet-like skin. James had rich brown eyes, acne-scarred skin, red hair, broad shoulders and the physique of a man who spent too many hours at his desk. Any fear I had at feeling awkward seeing James again disappeared in the bear hug he gave me.
"Insane Blaine" he laughed as he set me back down, "never thought you’d be back this way again."
I laughed at hearing my old nick name, God knows it was well earned. Yet the person I was then didn’t exist anymore. Too many things had changed, had broken. I didn’t feel close to anyone. I mean I knew everyone here but nobody knew me. Nobody knew why I stopped seeing Dee all those years ago, or why I ran away to Boston, or what really happened with Luca and Bernice. Not to mention my confused feelings about Jay or the freaky dreams I was having under the willow tree. Who could I talk to about any of that? Rosie was right. I felt lost, isolated and I was fully aware I was responsible for my own isolation.
"It’s great being back and seeing everyone again" I lied with much gusto.
Tears threatened to fall and I suddenly had an urge to flee, "well I had better get going." Three sets of eyes looked back at me with what I could only deem was pity. What must I have looked like to them? A jobless, aimless loser who couldn’t do anything properly, who didn’t belong anywhere and who couldn’t settle anywhere. I forced a smile, 
"Want me to help you pack up the stall?"
Connie spoke in a quiet tone "we’ve got it Bee. See you tonight at the celilidh?"
"Sounds good" I lied again.
"Ya feckin better turn up" she said smiling.
After a hurried goodbye to all, I grabbed my bicycle then peddled like the Dickens back to the cottage, desperate to escape the feelings of inadequacy. I guess just seeing everyone settled, happy, and in normal family situations emphasized how much my life was going in the opposite direction. Somehow along life’s path, I misplaced my self-confidence and now it appeared as lost as Iris’ maternal instinct.
As I approached the cottage I saw a large white mobile home turn into the far off entrance to the farm. I followed it and found it was the last in a trail of caravans parking along opposite sides of the yard. Benny and the hens were running around wildly their loud clucking an obvious protest to the disturbance. Burly traveller men called loudly to their friends helping them manoeuvre large vehicles into the tight space. Women with babies were descending from their homes and calling to mounds of children running wildly about, their shrieks of laughter adding to the effervescent atmosphere. I left my bicycle against the hedge then walked slowly toward the commotion. Looks were exchanged between the women and I. My silent nod of hello was met with an equal, albeit cautious exchange until one of the women hollered out "Get Jalen!" 
A little girl, with wild red curly hair, no more than eight years old, ran deeper into the yard until she was out of sight. Worried looks were exchanged between all parties. I wasn’t sure what to make of anything, so I just kept heading toward the barn until I saw Jay surrounded by at least ten men. He was passing a hand through his hair and clearly looked perplexed. As I got nearer the child got his attention and after a moment his eyes shot to mine. He broke away from the crowd, took my hand and pulled me into the milking shed. As our hands joined I felt that same electric tingle shooting through me. When he glanced at his hand and then at me, I was sure he was feeling the same thing.
"Blaine.......ahm... I’m sorry for all of this" he said thumbing toward the yard.
He looked nervous so nervous I said nothing figuring it would be best for him to just get whatever this was about off his chest.
"Somethin’s happened and they had nowhere else to go. They’ve been run off several sites by the police in the past week and there’s a sick bairn, a newborn….they’re just….they need….."
"They need to stay a while," I responded finishing his phrase.
"Yes" he exhaled. His face winced as if this was just about the worst thing that could happen.
"Look....I owe them, big and if I refuse their clan…"
His look was one of pain and I just couldn’t bear to see him hurting in any way.
"Then they stay until they find another place."
His head jerked in surprise. "And ya don’t mind?"
"Why would I mind?"
"They’re travellers!"
"So?" I stated with a smile. "Have you something against travellers?"
"Haw-haw...."
"Look, I don’t see a problem here."
"The community is not going to like ya for this."
"The community does not own or live on this land..."
"Travellers are….well…..we’re trouble.........."
"According to who?" or was that whom? I could never remember.
"..most people."
"Well I’m not most people."
After a long moment where his eyes never left mine, he said softly "I’m beginning to see that."
"So tell them to settle in. I’ll call a doctor for the sick baby."
"Why are ya helping us?" He asked suspiciously. "These people are nothing to ya."
"But they’re something to you."
He nodded at that. "And the villagers?"
"Any objections that come along, we’ll handle them when it happens. Okay with you?"
I was in the air before I realized he had picked me up and spun me around. The happiness oozing from his achingly beautiful smile made me laugh with sheer joy. In that moment, all I wanted was to make him feel this way all the time because there was nothing that could compare to such elation. More disturbingly, I felt I belonged here in his arms, as if I had found the home I never had. Instantly scared and unable to deal with that, I pressed against his shoulders so he would let me go.
He lowered me to the ground without breaking eye contact, our bodies touching closer than the earlier collision. My body had no problem reacting to his hard abdomen against my breasts despite the fact that I knew so little about him. His arms slid around my waist. The voice of reason ordered me to run for the hills away from his mood swings and inconsistencies. Instead I let his hand raise my face to his and watched helplessly as he lowered his lips to meet mine. The gentle brush made my mouth tingle at first but when our lips met full on I felt flames rising inside me the likes of which I had never felt before. My arms slid around his waist while his mouth held me captive. His hunger grew with each passing second, his body moulding harder and harder against mine. The scent of musky spice was all consuming. Our clothes would surely be on the floor in seconds if we continued, so I had to end this right now. But somehow I could not find the willpower to extract myself from his touch. His fingers snaked through my hair as his lips descended to my neck and my body arched in response. Bolts of electricity flashed throughout me demolishing all carefully constructed walls protecting my heart.
My heart? An image of a cracked, almost crumbling vase came to mind. The broken shards scattered chaotically. Dragging whatever will power I could conjure up I separated from his closeness. His eyes shone with delight while a hungry gaze roved over my body.
"Blaine Hanley," he gasped heavily, "ye’ve set me ablaze."
I held his face for a moment taking a mental snapshot so I could remember what "happy" Jay looked like all the while creating a barrier to prevent a mess in the making. His hand took mine gently lifting it to his lips for a brief moment then with a smile forged in the heavens, led me outside to meet the new arrivals. He called to the men who were gathered around a portable fire grid and waited until all adults and some children met us. When Jay felt the encampment was sufficiently represented he turned to me and said encouragingly, "go on then." I guess I looked confused because he leaned into my ear and whispered, "let them know who ya are and that yer okay with them staying." 
I nodded and spoke. "Ahm…hello….I just….ahm I…."
"What’s that?" one of the men said loudly yet cheerily "we can’t hear ya atall atall."
I shot a glance at Jay and he immediately understood.
"Everyone!!!!!" His voice boomed over the crowd immediately grabbing their attention.
"This is Blaine Hanley, Dee’s niece. Now as ye know Dee’s busy elsewhere, so Blaine is helpin’ out on the farm. She’d like yez all to know ye’re welcome to stay until ye find another site."
Grumbling formed in the crowd. Looks of uncertainty were exchanged until one man extracted himself from the others and spoke in the patois of his people. I looked to Jay for understanding.
"He wants to know if ya realize that the villagers won’t be happy."
"We discussed this."
"She knows" Jay announced, "and says ye’re on private land and that’s nobody’s business but hers. Any shenanigans will be dealt with if and when it comes along."
A roar of cheers went up. After much shaking of hands, taps on the back and offers of thanks I left them to settle in and returned to the cottage. I made a quick call to the doctor, who promised to visit the newborn within an hour. The rest of the afternoon was spent finishing up some chores with Jay’s kiss constantly on my mind. Confusion was the best way to describe my feelings. So much had changed since we spoke on the bridge. It had been easier when I could complain about his contrary manner rather than long for him to kiss me into next week. I must be mentally unbalanced. Adding to that was the Willow tree continued to offer escape into a leafy oblivion. But constantly sleeping my time away was conducive to ending up in a straight jacket, so I stuck to scrubbing out Big Sally’s pen.
When Cathal came to pick me up later that evening I had deep-cleansed the farm off me, managed to dress nicely in a sleeveless pale blue dress and short white bolero-style cardigan. Admittedly I was actually looking forward to an evening out.
"You’ve got the Oregon trail with you?" he enquired with a frown.
I didn’t appreciate his attitude about the encampment and answered snippily. "They’re friends of mine - come to stay. You wouldn’t have a problem with that? Would you?"
His laugh made me realize how defensive I sounded.
"Keep your hair on Miss Bee. I say fair dues to you, but you had best batten down the hatches when word gets out. Some people won’t be letting that go so easily. We’ve had Tidiest Town for seven years in a row any threat to that will cause ructions."
I said nothing but folded my arms annoyed with his comment and the fact that I had agreed to let him bring me to the dance. Jay had declined my invitation to join us and I, in turn declined his offer to let him drive me there. He was more insistent than I, but in the end we were both too stubborn to concede. 
While leaving the driveway I noticed Jay leaning against the fence watching me, his expression was one I could not read.
"C’mon now! Are you ready to swing d’auld tackie?" Cathal teased warming the chill between us.
This was a night to have fun and I was going to do just that. "You betcha!" I quipped. "Just hope you can keep up."
"Aha!!" He exclaimed theatrically. "A challenge! Well you are on my friend. Be prepared to meet the Jig master himself. Sore feet guaranteed -that’s all I’m saying."
Cathal had to park in a make shift lot – an unpaved field - on the outskirts of the village, but thankfully the mud was isolated to a few sporadic pot holes. As we made our way to the big hall the warm moonlit night radiated a magical essence and I could not help feeling the sensation that an evening of pure merriment was in store.
Inside the large room, the atmosphere was electric. The place was packed, the lights low. People were laughing, drinking and the music pounding. The dance floor was full as people moved rhythmically to a traditional Irish folk band belting out a lively jig. The music swiftly changed to a popular reel which received a collective yahoo from the crowd and even more people wedged their way into the dancing crowd. It had been years since I had listened to anything of a traditional genre and up until this moment hadn’t realized how much I missed it.
Cathal and I met up with the remainder of our old gang, Susan Cassidy and her brother Pat and their respective spouses. I learned of how they had all met, started dating, how their babies had come along and what they worked at. Everyone was well matched with the exception of Cathal and I. Although, just then his coffee-shop girl sneaked up behind him and covered his eyes with slender fingers. He turned around, still blinded, grabbed the petite girl by the waist and kissed her passionately. All of us clapped.
After introducing us, Sarah plopped a small brown paper bag into my hands and immediately the scent of fruity tea hit my nostrils. "Oh my God!!!" I shrieked "Tea Leaves!!!!"
I hugged her in gratitude as Cathal piped up that it was his idea. He then led Sarah onto the dance floor and that was the last I saw of them for the evening. In no time we were all dancing. I was twirled, jigged and swung in all directions by people I knew and others I did not. The heat was rising as Jigs lead to reels, reels lead to hornpipes and hornpipes lead to more jigs. With The Siege of Ennis, a set-dance where the entire room dances in unison, I was spun in circles by big burly farmers, before being swung onto the next line of people. By the time I made it back to the bar where Connie was waving me over, I was dizzy, breathless and ecstatic.
"Got to go Bee" she said hurriedly, "the sitter called, Calla is running a fever so James and I are leaving."
"Oh, sorry to hear that" I said picking up her coat. "Hope Calla will be well."
"I’m sure she will. Cathal said he’ll bring you home."
"Don’t worry I’ll be fine. Go, go I’ll find him."
After what seemed like endless hours of more dancing and chatting with people I had not seen for years, I felt my participation had come to end. I searched for Cathal to see if a lift home was possible but he was nowhere to be seen. In fact, none of the old gang was anywhere to be found. I checked the entire room twice but saw nobody I felt comfortable enough to ask for a lift. With Moynalty’s taxi service being non-existent, I decided there was nothing for it but to head back on foot, a three mile walk.
The cool night air felt refreshing after the heat of the hall, but I knew it wouldn’t be long before my perspiring body would turn cold. Not expecting to be outdoors for any length of time, I hadn’t brought a coat. The five lamp lights on Main Street offered short pools of light which stretched from the dance hall to the entrance of the church at the opposite end of town. In between were spooky patches of dark. Beyond the church there was only the pitch black, lonely country road. Clouds had covered the moon so what little light could have guided me was gone. Dismissing my cowardice and sore feet - which Cathal had promised I’d experience - I left behind the din of the dance hall cursing myself for not bringing my bicycle and for not knowing how to drive standard shift.
My thoughts roamed to the ceiligh and conversations had with friends and neighbours. Connie mentioned that she had phoned Iris to see how Dee was doing but Iris refused to discuss what she called "the case". Connie didn’t say it but I knew Iris had been rude. I apologized for my mother’s bad behaviour and despite Iris’ warnings, offered to go with Connie to see Dee. She didn’t think that was a good idea which made me wonder if I just got a very edited version of what was really said between both women. Iris was so controlling it was unreal.
I huddled against the cold creeping along my skin and picked up the pace. A faint light glow coming from the Bus shop window across the street caught my attention, as I passed through an unlit section between street lamps. Probably a security light, I thought. A black car was parked in front of the shop, its engine running but nobody at the wheel. I looked around but didn’t see or hear anything only a funny buzzing noise, as if I had been too close to one of the music speakers. Probably was too. Ignoring the parked car and the inner alarm of fear going through me, I picked up my pace. I hadn’t gone more than a hundred yards when the sound of hurried footsteps suddenly startled me. I glanced quickly over my shoulder, my heart pounding but saw nobody in the darkness. When I turned around I crashed into someone and screamed as strong hands held my elbows which I immediately tried to fight off.
"Hey, hey, hey" came the soothing familiar voice. "It’s okay."
"Jay?" I wheezed.
"In deh flesh."
"Oh God!" I exclaimed holding my hand to my heart, my other hand touching his arm, "you scared the life out of me."
"I’m sorry" he said taking me in his arms. "I called to ya, but ya didn’t hear me -must be going deaf," he quipped.
The smile in his tone eased my racing heart. I was never so relieved to see him. "I’m ...really glad to see you."
"Yer scared," he whispered as his arms tightened around me, "and shakin like a leaf."
He couldn’t know the walk home had been eerily similar to a scary experience in Boston and I suppose memories of that close call had shaken me up more than the cold. Maybe it was the fright or shock, but I was shivering harder now. "I’m fine, thanks" I said breaking away gently and huddling my arms across my chest.
He looked directly at me. "Wasn’t Cathal supposed to take ya home?"
"I think he forgot. He’s in love with the c-coffee-shop girl. Sarah." I thought of the black leafy gold sitting in my handbag. Breakfast tomorrow morning would be mana from heaven. "I have real tea," I said smiling broadly.
He nodded briefly discarding my claim of treasure. "He won’t be forgettin’ again."
His voice was calm but there was menace behind the meaning that had me worried for Cathal’s well being. "J-Jay I don’t want any t-t-trouble."
"N’ere a worry Blaine, I’ll just remind him of his obligations next time I’ll be seein’ him. Now, let me get ya home."
We headed across the street to the black car parked in front of the Bus Shop.
"I d-didn’t know you had a c-car like this."
"One of the lads from the camp lent it to me ‘cause the van was havin’ trouble starting."
As he opened the passenger door, I turned and asked, "how d-d-did you know I-I-I’d be here?"
A small twitch of an enigmatic smile crossed his lips. "I was around."
I sat into the seat and immediately felt the wonderful heat of the toasty warm car. It was bliss!! He grabbed a throw from the back seat and placed it over me before driving off.
Once he had seen me into the cottage, he placed his lips briefly on mine, said goodnight then strolled down the archway both hands deep in his pockets. 
I fell into bed but could not sleep despite feeling exhausted. The call of the Willow tree had me up and staring out the kitchen window into the night. The now familiar sensation of a guiding arm pulled me toward the door promising sleep and relief. I placed both feet into my wellington boots and with just a long-sleeved tee-shirt and girly boxers plodded off in a trance-like state over the white post fence.
After scaling the brown gate to the meadow, I landed on the soft earth and the yearning to find myself enveloped in the comfort of the tree almost had me in tears. A little later, coiled up on the leafy blanket, the state of bliss was like nothing ever known before. I felt I slept for some time before the descent began but could not say how long I slept, or if I even dreamt of anything. It was just as it had been the first time with the sinking feeling of leaving behind the warm earth for the cold damp cavern. 
Passing through the soil, as if travelling in a hollow void where no roots or dirt touched me, I once again found myself on the smooth stone slab. Standing slowly, I peered around for any movements in the dark corners. There was no sound, nothing to tell me the blonde warrior was in the shadows. Only the glow from the yellow light indicated some sort of activity was happening in the vicinity. Veering towards it, I headed down a walled passage where the roof of the cave rose higher but the opening narrowed. It was still possible to pass without turning sideways, but a person wouldn’t want to be largely built or they’d get stuck for sure. The further I went into the cave the glow grew brighter. I wondered if it was a huge fire blazing because I was beginning to feel chilly from the cold damp air. There was an other-worldly feel to the place, as if spirits were housed here.
Suddenly there were voices in the distance as if coming from the light. Although I knew this was nothing more than a dream gut instinct told me to hide. I was just about to dash away when I felt my arm pulled so hard I thought it had been yanked out of its socket. My head whipped around. The blonde warrior was signalling me to hush just as he jerked me back from the passageway. Tears welled in my eyes from the pain he had caused and I went to protest but the large dagger pointing forward and the look of ferocity in his blue eyes told me he was a man ready to attack. When he walked past me I realized, with relief, the target was not me. There was some other potential threat which had him ready for battle.
After checking his surroundings he motioned me to come with him and I followed without resistance as if under a spell. There seemed to be a considerable dip in the temperature as we made our way back through the stone passageways. My teeth started chattering loudly enough to capture Fallon’s attention. He took in my clothes and shook his head gently.
When we neared the slab he looked down at me and spoke in a whisper, directing his thumb towards the passage, like a parent disappointed in a child. "Ain gulal lyas. Tu skadtaigh."
I hadn’t a clue what he meant but it sounded like I was about to have committed some sort of mistake, one which I could not see the repercussions it would cause. I nodded and his hand gently enveloped mine. He muttered something while leading me to the slab.
"Thoile, folel sefuacht."
I sat down on the cold boulder my trembling more pronounced now. He stood next to me never letting go, his expression soft, no longer wary and primed for battle.
"Khemdhe le linn." he whispered.
My head hung in dismay at not being able to understand.
"I’m sorry Fallon. You could be talking about dung beetles and I wouldn’t have a clue what you meant."
The ornate dagger was pressed into my hand.
"Khemdhe" he repeated then made fighting gestures "Khemdhe Blaine."
"Stab Blaine?" I squealed.
He gestured again as I tried to guess charade-style, "Daggers? Fencing? Fighting?"
"Khemdhe Blaine, Khemdhe Blaine" he urged.
"Fighting Blaine, Fight Blaine?"
He suddenly pulled me off the slab and got me to make the same gestures as him. Then it dawned on me "oooh my God! You want me to fight with you???" He wasn’t getting what I was saying.
"Blaine Khemdhe?" I repeated and he nodded firmly.
"No, I don’t fight –you mad man! And I don’t stab people. That’s a crime!"
He shoved the dagger into my palm as if I should keep it but I gave it back with a firm "no Khemdhe".
"Cén for?" he urged.
"What?" I cried. "what do you need me to fight for?"
"Du ni morduit".
"Even if I did know what you needed....I’m not.... strong enough...I’m not...not... anything."
He saw my shaking head and understood I was not going to Khemdhe. Fearful and ashamed I pressed the dagger into his hand then returned to the slab. Ascending under his deep gaze and pressed lips, discomfort turned to relief when I felt the warmth of the tree. I didn’t have to see the warrior’s disappointment anymore.
Chapter 5

My eyes rolled with almost orgasmic delight as Seventh Heaven Blackcurrent Oolong tea made its way down my throat. I didn’t know if it was that particular blend, or the deprivation, but I knew one cup would not be enough to satiate my need. The hours spent under the tree passed the night and thankfully did not keep me late for the milking. I was just in time to help Jay set up in the dairy barn and he was none the wiser that I had been gone. When I had entered the barn, his hand momentarily caressed my face before we worked on our respective tasks. The rest of our time passed in companionable silence.
Later that morning while I was basking once more in tea heaven, Cathal appeared in the kitchen.
"Hey Bee" he said with some awkwardness" got home alright then?"
I didn’t get a chance to respond because Jay barged into the kitchen and hauled Cathal outside by the elbow.
"Jay!" I barked slamming down my cup and running after them worried that one of them would do something stupid. When I saw a green faced Cathal pressed against the white post fence, Jay’s clenched fists holding his jacket I hollered loudly. "Jay!! You let him go right now!!!"
"Go inside Blaine," he warned.
My hand touched his shoulder. "Please, let him go!"
He looked at me angrily then released Cathal, but crossed his arms over his large chest - bouncer style. "Did ya or didn’t ya bring her to the dance last night?"
Cathal’s eyes darted fearfully to me then back to Jay "I did. Yes….but."
"Then why didn’t ya bring her home?"
"Jay! stop this! I told you I was fine."
He ignored me and pressed on. "I asked ya a question!" he growled at Cathal.
"I thought Connie would bring her home. But when Connie sent me a text this morning asking if she got home alright I realized…." Cathal shook his head. "Look, I didn’t think Blaine would be alone – that’s all."
"Well she was alone! So what have ya to say for yerself then?"
Cathal looked at me with contrite eyes and offered a heartfelt apology before pushing past Jay and leaving brusquely. I felt mortified and knew this would cause a rift between Cathal, Connie and myself. "There was absolutely no call for that kind of behaviour" I chided Jay then turned away silently and slammed the kitchen door.
I immediately tried calling Connie not just to explain what happened but mainly to see how Calla was but her phone kept going straight to voice mail. I left a message to say there had been a misunderstanding and to call me back. When I hung up the dial-tone beeped rapidly indicating I had voice-mail. It took five attempts before I found the courage to punch in the numeric password. Twelve messages were waiting to be heard. Reluctantly I selected the first message. An anonymous caller was berating me for keeping travellers on the farm and his colourful vocabulary described in detail what he thought of them and me. Swearing under my breath, I deleted the message and all the others without listening to them.
I was taking freshly dried clothes off the line when an elderly man in a Sunday suit emerged from a shiny black Mercedes waving pleasantly as he approached. "Miss Hanley" he called closing the distance between us. Wispy white hair billowed out from under a woollen cap and frameless glasses perched on a wide ruddy nose.
"H..Hello" I answered shyly. I didn’t recognize him and wondered was I supposed to? People didn’t always appreciate when you couldn’t recall seeing them before, even if you were too young to remember.
"Sorry if I’m catching you at a bad time" he smiled with a nod toward the clothes line. "I was wondering if you could spare a few minutes of your time."
"Yes, of course." I answered. "Let me just get these in here and I’ll put on the kettle."
"Work away Dear. I’m in no hurry. The name’s Tute by the, Phillip Tute."
"Pleased to meet you Mr. Tute."
He looked at my extended hand and smiled. Following his eyes I saw a pair of thong- panties hanging off a clothes peg. My cheeks flushed red making me quickly abandon my task and ushering Mr. Tute inside.
After serving up tea and biscuits, I asked if he knew Dee well. He went into a long story with many tangents about how Moynalty was the reigning champion of Ireland’s Tidy Town competition but by the time he was finished I realized he hadn’t mentioned Dee once. 
"The judges have started touring already," he said with a brief smile.
"Judges?" I asked confused.
"Why of course," he bit into a Marietta biscuit, "they come and adjudicate the village based on several criteria such as landscaping, amenities, litter control, roads and residential areas to name a few. Afterwards this information is compiled, a report is sent to provide feedback, both positive and constructive and following that we learn if we have won or not."
"Well Moynalty certainly is a very picturesque and clean place."
"I think so too, but I’m afraid it may not stay like that."
Oh God, I was so slow it was pathetic!! He was here about the families in the yard. My "learning" moment was clearly visible and he took advantage to lean forward, tap my hand patronizingly and say "now we wouldn’t want anything to ruin the town’s clean image, would we?"
He had all the gentleness of a sweet old grandfather, but I could clearly see his hatred for the travellers.
"There will be an emergency meeting in the church tomorrow night at eight. It would greatly be appreciated if you could come and assuage the community."
"Mr. Tute, I believe there is nothing I could say that will help the people of this town feel better." My message was clear – I wouldn’t go to the meeting because I wasn’t going to ask Jay’s friends to leave. His friendly facade dropped for an instant but quickly reinserted itself. He had understood loud and clear.
"Now my Dear" he said heaving out of the chair, "I must be off. Please give my regards to your grandmother."
I didn’t correct him, but showed him out in silence. When the sound of the car could no longer be heard, I went to pick up the basket of laundry and removed the remaining clothes off the line. I couldn’t shake off the feeling I had just made an enemy. I already had two in Boston and certainly didn’t feel like having another. Maybe all this fuss would die down and nothing would come of it. Just goes to show how wrong I could be.
Monday came and went with the usual activity except that Jay did not come by for breakfast nor did we talk or even meet up for that matter. One of the men from the encampment helped with the milking. He was the jolliest soul I had ever come across and sang his way through the chores. By the end of the second milking there was still no sign of Jay. I wasn’t even sure if he was still on the farm or if he took a break for a few days. The town meeting was on my mind and I tried calling Rosie, Connie and Cathal to see if they were going but couldn’t reach anyone. At least if they all went I could ask them what was discussed and what the outcome was. My anxiety level rose considerably at eight and stayed that way for the remainder of the night. I imagined all sorts of scenarios, none of which turned out favourably for the travelling families, Jay or myself.
Tuesday proved to be just as frustrating as the day before. The jolly man was still helping out with the milking and when I asked if he had seen Jay he just said he had gone to sort out a few things but couldn’t tell me anymore. All in all, Jay’s friends were wonderful and pitched in with the chores. The kids were free to run wild but were still really well behaved. The woman with the new-born held her baby closely to her as she smiled and cooed gently. I guessed whatever had ailed it had passed. All of the women had a routine down pat where they cleaned their kids, their homes, prepared food for their men all the while gathering together for beauty routines. I offered them whatever the farm produced which they gracefully accepted. We’d exchange quick hellos as I went about the farm, but no invitations were extended to chat. The men helped with stuff Jay had given them to do and because I did my other chores separately, I didn’t see them unless I went down by the yard.
It was four in the afternoon when I decided to cycle to the village and shake-off the feeling of being farm-bound. After leaving my bike by the low stone wall opposite the Bus Shop, I made my way to the Post-Office in the hope of talking with Rosie. To my dismay, The Bus owner was sorting through the post. "Sorry," I said softly so as not to startle her. "Is Rosie here today?"
The woman turned, looked slightly alarmed then said "no...no, Blaine. She’s gone for a few days, but she should be back soon."
"Okay then" I said walking away. "Can you just let her know I called in?"
"Will do love."
I walked into the village pub, the one known as the old man’s pub. It was named as such because the other pub in the village catered to a livelier group. The old man’s pub was for those who wanted a drink in peace, which was just what I was looking for. I ignored the many eyes staring back at me and made my way to the bar where a glass partition built to seat two or three people provided a quiet place to hide out. With a friendly nod, the hefty young barman asked me what I’d have. "Two glasses of white wine please."
Once the cold refreshments were served, I knocked back one to quench my thirst then sipped the other as it was meant to be consumed. It was only when I felt relaxed enough to look to my left that I noticed a shadow behind another glass section. With Dutch courage fuelling my mission, I peered around the corner and saw Jay nursing a pint of Guinness. A rush of angry thoughts crowded my mind, namely of the "hey, where the hell have you been" variety and it took all my will power not to ask exactly that. 
Taking my wine I moved silently into his section and sat beside him. After the look of surprise passed, his lips pressed together in annoyance. He took a short drink of the black porter emptying his glass then asked the barman for a refill for us both.
"I’ll take that as a sign you don’t want me to go."
He spoke without looking at me. "They say ‘tis a free country – ya can go any time ya like."
"I’d prefer to stay, if you don’t mind."
He shrugged indifferently. Any conversation I tried to make was met with a minimal response so I let it go. He obviously just wanted to be left alone. After talking to the barman for a while, I finished my drink then headed away with a "see ya" to the still silent Jay and a wave of thanks to the barman. It was only when I got on my bicycle that I realized I had drunk too much.
"Yer not cycling home like that." 
Jay’s deep voice made me freeze on the sport. The man made me want to cry he was so exasperating. All the time in the bar he hadn’t said a word and now he follows me to tell me what to do. He held onto the rear wheel carrier preventing me from moving forward. "Friends don’t let friends drink ‘n cycle."
Hmmmm, I thought, friends didn’t kiss the way he had kissed me in the milking shed either. I got off the bike and turned to him. "Take it then." I said handing it to him.
He took it, sat on the saddle, then leaned over, picked me up, ignored my squeal of surprise and placed me sitting sideways on the cross bar. "I’m the designated cyclist here, Hanley. Okay?"
"It’s your funeral" I shrugged.
"I’ll get ya home in one piece, n’ere a worry."
Despite the weight he had to push, Jay didn’t seem to find the journey difficult. On more than one occasion I thought I felt his nose on my hair, but I could have been wrong. We certainly were up close and in each other’s personal space and I had to admit it felt good just seeing him again. By the time we passed the graveyard, I could no longer hold back the many questions I wanted to ask. "I haven’t seen you around for a few days."
"Aye."
"Were you gone somewhere?"
"Aye."
"Why?"
He had just taken a shortcut, passing through a remote dirt lane when he stopped the bike and helped me down. I was sure he was dropping me off to tell me I could make my own way back from here, so I was surprised to see him dismount and walk beside me.
"You don’t want to tell me?" I couldn’t help but feel like I was begging to know.
"Ya mightn’t like the answer."
"Try me."
"Yer sure about that?"
I stopped and held his hand "of course! Jay you know you can tell me anything and it will stay with me, always." Something about the way his gaze held mine told me he was going out on a limb to trust me.
"Right then" he nodded. "I stayed away ...on purpose."
"Is something wrong at the farm? With your friends that is?"
I heard him say he owed the clan, maybe there was bad blood and it wasn’t working out as he expected.
"Nah, nah – there’s no problem there. It’s more to do with Cathal – the young McCabe lad. I was rough with him and I didn’t like that ‘cause I haven’t laid a hand on someone in anger for a very long time."
"But you didn’t hurt him, so it was just a moment of…..uhm…emotion."
"Aye, t’was emotion alright. But...... ya see, I broke a promise to meself and ‘tis not sittin’ right with me."
My heart went out to him. He was carrying all this anguish around and no way to alleviate it from his heart. He was trying his best to be a good person and as far as I was concerned, he was. I mean, yes he was grumpy, and at times annoying to the core, but not a bad person.
"Can you forgive yourself and learn from it? Or just move on from here knowing what triggered it?"
"Aye...maybe."
I squeezed his hand lightly, "You’re a good man Jay. You walked away from the situation. That was hard, but you did the right thing."
"Blaine, I....." He looked at me then sighed and stared off from where we came from.
"What is it? Just come out with it."
"If ‘tis alright with yerself, I’d like to take ya to any outings ye may have because I just don’t trust tha’ Cathal fella. He’s not bad…just careless."
It had taken a lot for him to voice that concern so I certainly wasn’t going to shoot it down with a resounding no. Yes, it seemed controlling, but then again maybe it wasn’t. And while Cathal wasn’t dependable in my eyes he was still trustworthy.
"It won’t be goin’out with ye like a date or anythin’ so don’t think tis a way I have to be askin, ya out."
"You don’t want to go out with me?"
His eyes widened, "No, no that’s not I’m sayin."
"Okay, so you do want to go out with me?"
His hand passed through his hair in confusion and I couldn’t help but laugh. "C’mon, let’s get home. The milking’s due."
"Ya didn’t answer my question."
"I’ll seriously consider Jay’s taxi service."
"That’s about as good an answer as I’ll get, isn’t it."
I nodded and he laughed, propped me back up on the bicycle and we headed home.
Over the next three days, the phone seemed to ring incessantly so I spent most of my time outdoors. Only for caller I.D. I would have ignored Alex’s Friday night call asking for directions to Dee’s place. When he showed up on my doorstep, we hugged tightly for a long moment. "I’m so glad you’re here." I told him my voice shaking with emotion.
"Hey Gurlfren" Alex said holding me at arm’s length, "what has dis big ‘ol bad world gone an done to yoh ass?"
I laughed. "Can you ever not channel your inner black-gurl diva?"
"Nah-uh Honnaychild." He snapped his fingers "now invite a mothur in. Aye isn’t gonna stan on dis dohstep all night !"
Alex, is six-foot three and well built. He takes care of his body, devoting several hours a week to his work-out and is nothing if not organized. The evening’s fun could not begin until we had looked after settling him into the guest bedroom. Once he had unpacked his suitcase – filled with enough clothes for a week, even if he was staying two nights – we headed to the kitchen and found Jay busy organizing bags of dog food. I could have sworn he did that task yesterday.
"Hi Jay," I called. "I’d like you to meet my friend."
As he stood, I knew Alex found Jay cute, but nobody could tell only me. He offered a hand to Jay. "I’m Alex, so pleased to meet you." 
Both men shook hands. Jay nodded then turned to me and asked if I needed anything. I invited him to join us to be polite even though I was dying to get Alex to myself so we could just catch up.
"I suppose I’ll have a beer" he answered me with a wry smile.
After we settled in with our drinks and had chatted trivially, Alex asked Jay if he was married or had family. He responded that he was neither married nor had family before turning the question to Alex. "And what about yerself?" 
I rolled my eyes and was about to throw him out when Alex gave him a dazzling smile and said "I have a husband but he couldn’t join us." 
After a long pause Jay quipped, "well, sure I hope we’ll get to meet him the next time then." He turned to me and said "there’s no need to be around for the milking until Monday. The lads are doing more than necessary." He bade us good night and I smiled to myself realizing Jay had just given me the weekend off.
Many glasses of wine later I had told Alex everything that happened over the past few weeks. At the end he asked only one question "……so you and the gypsy man didn’t do deh nastay?"
"That’s the only thing on your mind from all that weirdness!!!!!??????"
"Uh-huh. Jay’s a fine specimen gurlfrend…so yeah your drug trip to deh under-tree is unusual, but I sure am more curious about what’s going on between you two."
"Nothing’s going on" I insisted, "we just kissed once. A never-to-be-repeated incident."
"Nothin’s goin’ on you say?" His tone was skeptical. "Honnaychild with you and Luca there was nothing going on. That boy had been drooling over Bernice’s boobies for the longest time but you couldn’t see that. And now this gypsy man is drooling over you my sistah friend but you can’t see that either. I don’t know if you need to have your eyes tested ‘cause there seems to be an impairment there." 
It’s true that Alex had tried to warn me about Luca’s behavior when he visited last year, but suspecting either of the people closest to me of cheating wasn’t a notion I wanted to entertain. So, I didn’t deal with it and let things go until it degenerated to something ugly. "Alex, do you have your phone with you?"
"Mmmhhmmm. You ready gurlfrend?"
"Maybe."
"Aunty Dee in the fountain it is!"
An hour later we still hadn’t managed to get reception on his phone and couldn’t log on to the You Tube channel. In the end we decided to leave it and I would try to see it another time. I was relieved with the stay of execution because I didn’t feel a hundred percent ready to see what happened to Dee.
Saturday and Sunday passed in a blur of fun and while I was sad to say goodbye to Alex, our time spent together had given me the boost and direction I needed. He said he’d send me brochures on places where I could take computer courses, so when I was no longer working on the farm, I could learn new skills and be more employable. Sounded like a good plan.
Monday morning I found Jay in the milking shed setting up the sterilized equipment for the cows. His expression looked serious and I asked if everything was okay.
"The police came by last night."
"They did? Why didn’t you call me?"
"No need. They wanted to talk to Dee about the caravans being on the land but I told them she was in hospital. They said they’d talk to yerself soon. One of them was……well let’s say he wouldn’t be too fond of our kind. He may cause trouble."
"We’re not doing anything illegal," I said indignant.
Jay removed a paper from his jeans, unfolded it and handed it to me. "There is, it seems a law statin’ that a permit or permission is required to have more than so many caravans in one place and that there’ll be trouble for those not respectin’ the law." 
My eyes quickly roamed over the legal jargon…caravan’s act, temporary home, legislation, gardai, power of arrest and seizure…without home owner’s consent. "But I consent to this, so they cannot arrest anyone." The problem was solved as far as I was concerned.
"That’s very kind of ya Blaine, but yer not the home owner. Not officially anyways."
"Then we’ll just get Dee to sign a consent form."
"The person would have to be of sound mind and body. We both know Dee is neither of those right at this moment."
"Well, nobody’s going anywhere. I mean, I don’t want to have anything to do with the police, but at the same time if they do show up -what can they do? Nothing - right!" 
Jay’s expression turned dark. "Really? Ya really believe they’re capable of doing nothing???? That’s just typical of yer kind to see things so black ‘n white."
"Jay!" I interrupted. "Hang on that’s not what I meant."
"Ye’ve never lived through a beatin’ or harassment by them. Ye’ve never been evicted just because yer a traveller. Ye’ve never had to wonder if yer child will survive its first years of life because of deplorable livin’ conditions. Yer cultural identity isn’t a shaggin’ scab on the skin of this country. So don’t think a "little chat" with those fuckers will make this right!! There’s nothin’ right about any of it!!!" When he stormed out, my mouth was still agape.
The next few days passed relatively peacefully. No police showed up and nobody approached me about the caravans. Yes, the harassing phone calls continued, but I just kept deleting them. I avoided Jay in general but by Thursday night curiosity got the better of me when the wafting hum of music and laughter compelled me to investigate. I stole out to the yard to watch the campsite from the shadows, knowing in my heart there was only one person I wanted to see. I missed his presence and that in itself sent a feeling of discomfort. Why should I be missing him at all? Wasn’t he just the most contrary human on this planet? Yes, but I somehow still loved seeing him every day. 
There was much revelry around a large camp fire whose flames cast a warm glow over the crowd. From a large boom box the latest pop songs had the women dancing fervently and their laughter carried along into the night air. When the music slowed several couples began swaying to the sultry tones. I didn’t spot Jay until a long haired, curvy woman pulled him up from an unlit corner to dance. His hand wrapped around her waist seductively, their eyes locked as she moved sexily against him. There was no denying the passion in their exchange. When he bent down and kissed her, I headed back to the cottage feeling like a prize fool.
Two days passed and sleep still had not come. The phone calls were becoming more aggressive, some of the threats were downright ugly. Every now and then a few sacks of rubbish were strewn across the driveway with disparaging notes vehemently encouraging our guests to leave and never come back. Their Tidy Town seemed to exclude Cherrymount Cottage and I suspected Mr. Tute might be behind this sabotage. But he had no reason to, as Jay’s friends were extremely polite, maniacally clean and better neighbours than some of the natives. Still, Jay and the men wouldn’t allow me to pick up the mess alone. In silence and with grim expressions, we cleaned up what the ignorant had left behind. 
Jay tried to talk to me on a couple of post-rubbish pick-up occasions, but some hastily invented excuse had me hurrying away from him. Not very mature, I know, but in my sleep-deprived state I did not trust myself to hold a civil conversation. Between his reaction to the police visit and then him kissing that other woman, I was mad and a confused mess. Sure, Jay was perfectly entitled to be with any woman he wanted, I’d just have to switch off whatever feelings I had for him. 
Connie stopped by to say Calla had her appendix out and was well again but that the tart making was on hold as they were going to take a short family holiday. That reminded me I hadn’t even looked for Tayberries as Rosie suggested. I made a mental note to search the garden later.  "I wasn’t upset with Cathal" I started to explain but Connie cut me off.
"I’m feckin’ delighted Jay gave him a shakin’ up. He bloody well needed it." She went on listing other social sins her brother had committed and I realized, as she chatted away, that I was not listening. My mind was on leaving this place as soon as possible, and not for a holiday. Sure, I’d have to stay with Alex and as much as I didn’t want to impose on him, I seriously needed his help to get my life back on track. After a few randomly interjected mmhhmm’s Connie eyed me suspiciously. "Bee, what is going on with you?" 
I smiled while shrugging innocently but that didn’t stop her. "You look feckin’ wrecked. What’s happened?"
"Oh...nothing. Too many late night movies" I lied. Again. Some friend I was!
"Really?" Sarcasm dripped from the word.
"Yep! Doing a James Bond marathon."
"Well okay – feck it then" she said accepting the fib "when I get back we are due a girls night out. Okay? And Bee?"
"Yeah?"
"No more lies."
"Sounds great." I lied.
After wishing them a safe trip, they headed off and I stood at the kitchen door. For some reason my cheeks were wet again and I quickly wiped them dry. The persistent call of the Willow tree was growing stronger. I wanted to forget everything about life under the leafy canopy, but convinced myself to stay away and just hold out for another week until I had a viable plan for my future.
Later that afternoon while feeding Big Sally, as a soft mist fell, I spotted tall bushes flanking the border of the vegetable garden. They were heavily laden with what looked like elongated raspberries. They must be the Tayberries Rosie mentioned. 
As I threw the last of the grains into Sally’s trough a passing car beeped its horn, someone shouted then everything went black. A massive pain throbbing over my eye was the first thing I felt as I came to. The second thing was I found myself lying face down in the grass and struggled to sit up. From what I could gather I had been out only a minute or two as my clothes were not entirely soaked. Looking around I immediately spotted the culprit, a broken glass bottle beside my hand. Ironically, it was a Lucozade bottle. Was the universe sending me a sign? 
It took a moment to connect my passing out with the fact that someone must have thrown it at me. As if on cue warm liquid began flowing down my face. When I wiped it away my hand was smeared with blood. Sally the big sow was standing near me and although I had to fight off waves of nausea, I checked her body for cuts. I was relieved to see she was fine. When I reached out to pat her she darted away. Smart pig. 
My eyes fell to my raincoat which was a mix of beige and red. I rose unsteadily and stumbled toward the house making it to the path by the front door before having to lay down to ease the shaking and nausea. The concrete felt wonderfully cool under my body and I closed my eyes against the spinning world and it disappeared.
"Hey, hey, hey, hey." Two Jay’s and four eyes were kneeling over me."What happened?" he gushed.
"I’m fine…." I said not attempting to lift my head. I was going to puke. "Sally’s fine too. A glass bottle ………..I think someone threw it."
"Fuckin Bastards!" He exclaimed hotly then went on to curse lots more as his fingers gently followed the trail of blood to the top of my forehead.
"Jay?" 
He froze."Are ya in pain? What is it?"
"Please stop being angry. I can’t handle that right now." A look of sorrow crossed his face and he nodded silently.
"Thanks" I said with relief.
"Ya’ve a big gash."
"S’okay," I insisted but made no move to stand up. His hand moved under my back supporting me into a sitting position but my body felt very shaky as if all my strength had been replaced by a mass of jelly. The need to remain vertical made me lay back on the cool ground.
"Blaine ya can’t stay here bleeding."
"I’ll be fine." 
Obviously not believing me he wrapped his strong arms tightly around my waist just before he scooped me up in his arms. "C’mon, let’s get that gash cleaned."
I could smell his body was a mix of earth and spicy soap. The scent had tingles darting in the nether parts of me that should be feeling dead and I felt my hands would reach out and hold him to me if I didn’t act fast. I must not feel-up the sexy man. I must not feel-up the sexy man. With the dizziness subsiding, I sat on the side of the bath while Jay, armed with a sterilized tweezers, began to remove the shards of glass and clean the wound. I was a big baby and winced, groaned, jerked and even slapped his hand away. He managed to stop the bleeding all the while insisting I get stitches.
"No way!! No sewing my head!" 
He looked at me intently. "Yer white as a ghost. In fact yer green. Did ya pass out for long? Do ya feel sick?"
"Yes, eh no…yes…. I’ll be fine." My brain felt mired in a fog. "I’ll just get take some Tylenol before the milking."
"There’ll be no milking…yer no use to me here." 
I frowned, finding his tone quite cold. "…I’m fine..honestly. I’m able to help." 
His lips tightened once again. "Yer not. Now we need to get ya checked out and call the police." 
I stiffened at the thought of filing a complaint with any law enforcement. The last time I did that, I found myself on a one-way trip out of Boston. "No police! No way! I mean it….I won’t be here when they show up I ……"
"Okay, okay" he said palms up to calm me. "No police, but definitely a doctor."
"Not if I don’t need stitches" I replied firmly. He handed me a mirror. I hesitated, but checked the cut and almost passed out again. My right eye was swollen shut and my eyebrow had a gaping hole. Blood decorated the whole area. "Okay - to the doctor."
"Finally" he exclaimed "she’s makin’ sense."
"But no mention of how this happened!"
Two hours and nine stitches later we were back at the cottage. Jay insisted I relax on the couch while he put on the kettle. "I’m fine…." I called to him but wanted nothing more than to sleep. Codeine pills had been prescribed for the pain but I was hoping I could do without them.
After making me a cup of loose leafed tea, Jay headed back to the milking shed with a promise to check on me in less than an hour.
"No sleepin’ now Blaine" he warned as he left, "not after a bang to the head." 
In retrospect I found it difficult to explain why I didn’t do that one simple thing – stay in the cottage. I showered then trudged to the kitchen. While leaning against the counter and sipping delicious sweet brew, I felt the enveloping arm hold me, offering warmth and relief from the throbbing pain in my head, but most especially promising deep, heavenly sleep. I answered the call of Cherrymount hill. 
Climbing over the brown gate to the meadow, I miscalculated a step and fell to the ground causing my head to swirl and every muscle in my body to ache. I lifted myself up, plodding heavily toward the tree as if anvils were chained to my legs. The struggle made me crave for the morphine-like well-being I found at the tree’s base. I was out of breath when I lay by the mossy trunk. And then I felt it – the warmth, the comfort and especially being pain free. The state of euphoria covering me was paradise. The sensation was definitely heightened from the previous visit. I curled myself into a tight ball knowing a blissful state of unconsciousness was mere seconds away. My last thought going under was that I never wanted to wake again. A dream-free sleep was all I wanted. No blond haired, cave-dwelling warriors were desired and the tree delivered just that, for a few hours anyway. But when the sinking feeling began I knew the dreams were starting again and it was with a sense of disappointment that I found myself on the smooth stone slab.
"Fallon?" I called out in a whispered tone. "Fallon? Are you there?" No response came. I got up and stood beside the rock when suddenly he appeared behind me.
"Blaine!!!" he whispered urgently. 
I turned around and those blazing blue eyes smiled back at me. He signalled me to follow him into the darkness and without hesitation I ambled behind him. When we stood next to one another, he placed me gently against the wall, his fingers wrapped around my hand as he spoke the words "Blaine Kemdhe?" 
I could feel his breath on my skin and wondered was the tree drugging me, or making me feel drunk because a part of me really wanted to do what this man in my dream asked, Kemdhe – fight! Perhaps this was all tied in to my attraction to Jay. Had I wanted Jay to be Fallon? That was so messed up. Still there was no denying how real this felt even if it wasn’t. I knew I must be seriously impaired and decided to behave as I should in the presence of any strange man who was handsome and savage-like and that was to conduct myself. 
He gestured to the yellow light and was nodding his head obviously reminding me not to go there. "Okay". I replied with a shrug. His shoulders lowered in relief and he seemed happy with my response. Then he stepped back from me and pointed towards the left then pointed to us both again. He wanted to bring me deeper into the cave. My expression must have revealed some fear because he unsheathed the same dagger from his waist and placed it in my hand. I struggled with a mix of feeling guilt for being mistrusting yet at the same time desperately wanting a way to defend myself. If I returned the dagger it would show I had faith he would not harm me, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. As if reading my thoughts, his hand wrapped my fingers around the dagger then took my other hand leading me in the opposite direction of the light and into complete darkness. 
I followed him in silence as we meandered for some time and although it was pitch black Fallon never stumbled once whereas I staggered and fell at least five times. Each time he’d simply hold my arms tight preventing me from splitting my head on the rocks.
After about an hour or more of hiking over the rugged terrain and squeezing through narrow passages we stopped in a wide open area. He reached above him to touch the cave’s low roof then pushed hard with both hands. A ray of sunlight flooded the cave hurting my eyes with its brightness. A bulky hairy arm appeared through the opening and Fallon grasped it firmly. In seconds he was out of sight and I was left gaping up at a clear blue sky. If he left me here I was screwed. The way back was a black labyrinth I could not navigate alone and this opening was unreachable at my height. But my fears were dissuaded when his muscular arm plunged through the hole. I hesitated, fearful of what was above ground, but the darkness behind me was no better. When his voice called my name, I grabbed his arm and in an instant was pulled up into a scene that made my mouth drop open.
I had emerged from a dolmen on the edge of a forest clearing. Ten other men stood beside their horses as they took in the woman who had just appeared before them. They were all dressed similarly to Fallon, carrying the same elaborate metal breast plates. Their horses were huge bulky creatures with intricate dressings woven into their long manes. Their nostrils flared as they stomped their feet. The fields were surrounded by endless trees and behind me was a castle which stood in partial ruin. 
Fallon turned to the men and addressed them. I listened but didn’t understand anything that was being said until he paused then turned towards me and spoke my name. It felt like an introduction. I looked into the faces of all the men and said a somewhat shy hello. The response was a momentary state of disbelief then Arlen got down off his horse. His face was still as angry now as it was then. He approached me with a determined stride but Fallon blocked him. The whole group became angry, their faces contorting with vivid dialogue. An uproar really would best describe the reaction. But Fallon hushed them sending the disgruntled companion back to his horse then went on talking in a charismatic way that was almost battle-like. His intense speech suddenly had fists being punched in the air, cheers were hollered and most disturbing of all, my name was mentioned often, very often. I felt lost and scared. Whatever he said had them all pumped and I wondered what fate lay ahead of me. Leaving the cave had been a mistake. Maybe this was a cannibalistic tribe and I was on the menu. 
They mounted their horses with lightning speed as did Fallon. He looked down at me, his smile brilliant, joy oozing from his whole body as his hand extended to mine. But I did not take it. Instead I placed the dagger back in his open palm and pointed to the cave. Fallon’s smile faded then he shouted something at Arlen who nodded then galloped off immediately with the men.
Fallon dismounted and stood close to me. My heart beat faster than it ever had before. I could feel heat radiating off his towering body as he reached out and lightly touched my hair. Judging by the frown he was taking in my wounded eye. A huge smile covered his face. The dagger was returned to my hand with a resonant "Blaine Kemedh".
"No, no, no, no I didn’t get this from fighting. I was hit with a bottle of Lucozade….."
Ignoring my protests he started gesturing to show me we would eat together with other people. There was something in his look that begged me to trust him and I found myself saying yes when my head was screaming get out of here. Once more he mounted his horse, I was pulled up behind him in one sweeping motion. Now if I had a previous equestrian experience I might have been a little less frightened, but this was my first time on a real horse – in a dream, I know, but I felt on a real horse. The height alone was terrifying but that was nothing until the animal actually started to move. I immediately felt compelled to hold onto something and the only thing between me and the ground was Fallon. So being as proper as possible I held on to his waist ignoring the urge to wrap my arms around his entire body and hold on for dear life.
We travelled for about two hours alternating from gallops to trots. Fallon would point things out to me and say something as if he was trying to give me a tour of sorts. It might have been interesting had I known what he was actually saying. We arrived at a gathering of about twenty mud huts of various sizes. Their dark brown, long sloping thatched roofs gave them a cute mushroom effect. A tall log fence that looked like sharpened pencils surrounded the settlement and from the open gates women, children, older men and other warrior-like men came out to greet us. Fallon stayed on his horse and waited. I feared he would go through his pep talk again as a way to introduce me, but thankfully that didn’t happen. Instead he waited until an older man came up to his horse.
"Feader" Fallon said dismounting. They embraced, spoke lowly for a minute then both turned to me. My stomach fell to my toes. This man was obviously close to Fallon and my presence was not making him happy. Fallon brushed it off, reached up and placed me gently before the stern looking elder. I turned to Fallon wondering how I could say hello in their language.
"Heinbh" he said smiling.
I turned back to his father and repeated the word as it was said, Hienv. The older man gave a light nod then walked away. I bit my lip embarrassed by the reaction because I knew this was an intrusion. I was about to ask Fallon to let me leave when one of the women stepped forward and placed a flower – a yellow daisy - in my hair. She was about Iris’ age, but had soft blue eyes and a warm friendly smile. I nodded gratefully then with Fallon’s signal moved forward into the settlement. 
Some women linked my arms on either side then lead me into one hut while Fallon and his men went into another. The hut was elevated on a wooden platform which made it stand out from the others. Inside the circular room, the smell of fresh burning wood filled the air. The sun provided a little light in what was otherwise a dark room. A large metal bowl of tepid water was brought to me. I went to put my hands in for a quick wash, but felt several women tugging at various parts of my clothes. I bolted away startling them.
"What are you trying to do?" I gasped, yanking down on where they had been pulling.
The women looked at each other quizzically. Then one reached into a large trunk and extracted a long dress of very fine light blue fabric.
"Oh okay" I nodded with relief. "….I see… you want me to change my clothes." That was a reasonable request –like showing up to a restaurant underdressed. This was like being offered the customary bail-out dinner jacket. "I can change by myself…..thank you."
One woman carried the dress to me which I took carefully then found a way to have the others turn their backs while I washed and changed. It took a while to get into it but once the dress was on two ladies tied it up at the back. The style was long, elegant and boob-enhancing which I tried to rectify by pulling the material up to hide my cleavage, but the oldest lady kept pulling it back down. I’d no choice but to grin and bear the exposure. When I was properly, albeit revealingly, attired the women began to fix my hair. They created long sculpted waves and braids which were then tied back loosely. When all was done I was led out to the center of the small settlement.
Fallon, his father, the other riders and the rest of the settlement were seated in a large circle. Soft music was being played on a strange stringed instrument and a lilting ballad was being sung by the woman who had given me the flower. When I laid eyes on Fallon my jaw dropped. Gone was the cloak and armor and in their place was a white tunic of sorts with rider's pants tucked inside knee high moccasins. His rugged hair was neatly set into place, his beard shaved off and he looked positively stunning. His eyes looked upon me in a way they had not done so before. I blamed the dress for accentuating my form and making me self-conscious. He walked to meet me his gaze unwavering. A laugh from the crowd brought him out of his daze and he escorted me to a seat beside him and the revelry started. 
It was noisy and raucous but good fun. Copious amounts of different vegetables were placed on a long table as was the pork, which came from a couple of huge pigs cooking over a large fire placed in the center. A kind of mead was served which was sweet and honey-like but strong. Whatever kind of celebration this was, they certainly knew how to enjoy themselves.
After the food was eaten, some three hours later, the tables were pulled away and silence fell on the people. The men who had accompanied Fallon on horseback momentarily left their places then returned to the center of the group each carrying a large brightly polished silver plaque on a stand of sorts. The plaques were placed before me in a specific sequence. Then they stepped away. I turned to Fallon for guidance. I did not know what these things meant or what I was supposed to do with them. 
Several large torches were speared into the ground providing more light. Fallon pointed to the first plaque. There were many different images which appeared like a story book. I took in the copious intricate details of their tribe, of battles won, others lost. Each plaque told an episode which had marked these people. By the time I had reach the sixth plaque the history lesson spoke of a people who had endured many hardships but who had survived and grew stronger. The final plaque had only four small images on it. One was of an item that seemed familiar to me – I had seen it somewhere before but couldn’t remember where. I pointed to the image turning to Fallon as I did so. He understood and pointed to one of his men. 
On the man’s cloak he wore a brooch that tied either side together and immediately I recognized the object on the plaque "the brooch of Tara!" I cried. Fallon smiled then pointed to the next image – it was of the brooch being hammered to pieces by a man. I did not understand but Fallon pointed to the next image and it showed the jewels of the brooch being inserted into a statue. The final image was a sort of paradise setting. Fallon turned to me with a pleading expression. He took my finger then placed it on the first image of the brooch then back to me.
"I don’t get?" I said. He did the same thing again and again. "The brooch on me? I carry the brooch? I carry the brooch to you?" I kept repeating until it finally dawned on me what he was asking. "You want me to bring you the brooch of Tara???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Tara here" he said closing his eyes in relief while at the same time surprising me with the one English word uttered since I dreamt of him. "Tara" he repeated then passed more details on to the members of the community.
"Are you completely insane?" I whispered. "It’s locked inside the effing National Museum and is totally inaccessible!"
His frown told me he didn’t understand, so I tried to show him, by getting the man’s brooch from his cloak and enacting as best I could, the concept of high security. There was no point in playing charades to people who had never seen or heard of a radio or television in their lives. After many attempts to demonstrate how inaccessible it was I threw my hands in the air in defeat.
"You’re asking me to do something that is not within my power? If I even tried I would be committing a crime. I’m sorry but I cannot help you."
I turned to leave, but Fallon grabbed my hand and sat me back down. He pointed to an image on the second plaque – it showed what happened to their village when their sacred statue was robbed. There had been many deaths and atrocities committed. The marauders took the Mother Goddess figure, plucked the precious stones from her distended belly, discarded it and made off with the jewels. 
There was another image that he showed, but I couldn’t understand and he wasn’t able to explain. I rubbed my face with fatigue feeling on the verge of tears. The action was not lost on him. He called out something to his men and next thing I knew he was leading me to his horse. I didn’t want to get on a horse with the type of dress I was wearing. My boobs would surely spill out from all the bouncing up and down, so I signalled him to wait. 
When I returned to the hut, the woman who had given me the yellow daisy helped me out of the dress, and turned away as I changed into my regular clothes. I shoved Fallon’s dagger inside the back of my jeans and handed back the dress. She reached out with a loving smile, lightly caressed my face and fixed the flower which had become lopsided. She uttered a whispered phrase then led me outside. I turned to say thanks and goodbye to the rest of the people I had met but they were all leaving the circle dejection written clearly across their faces. Somehow I knew I was responsible for their sadness.
The ride back to the cave seemed much shorter than the ride to the settlement. The walk through the cavern was just as frightening, but I did not utter a word. When we got to the slab he stopped and turned me towards him. His eyes were sad even if he tried to smile. It was insanity to believe this could be anything but a dream -the figment of a very fertile and somewhat disturbed mind. I climbed onto the slab and began to feel the ascent. I looked down at Fallon, his hand on his heart extending to me. A terrible pain of having disappointed him made me want to return and agree to help him, but I was too much of a coward to do such a thing. 
My face felt wet and I thought I was perspiring heavily, but when a hand grabbed my shoulder I bolted upright expecting to see the warrior. Instead I found Jay kneeling beside me, his face etched in worry. Beside him Mat and Nat circled me excitedly. That explained the wet face. A wave of relief hit me - it had only been a dream.
"Ya fell asleep???" Jay said with what I could only describe as alarm "...out here!????"
I nodded but said nothing as I allowed the fog to lift. He kneeled very close to me and swept my hair over my shoulder while his eyes scrutinized my face.
"............well? Are ya all right?" All that came to mind was that I had forgotten to do something for the animals and damaged or killed them.
"Oh God! Did I forget the cows!!!!" His expression changed to relief.
"They’re fine. I milked them earlier this morning."
"Oh God...it’s morning?"
"Yeah. Why?"
"I don’t get it!" I looked at him, my eyes fighting the water level rising in them.
"What don’t ya get?"
"I’m an insomniac. This," I emphasized pointing to my groggy disposition "doesn’t happen, ever, well not before I came here and to be honest I don’t know why I need to be at this tree. I’m afraid I’m dropping the ball by sleeping so much. I’m not well - mentally……I don’t know anymore. Maybe I’ll end up in the fountain too."
He sat there listening to my rant but said nothing. His eyes were piercing and I looked away from his intense gaze.
"What time is it anyway?"
"Six thirty on a Sunday morning," he said standing up and offering his hand to help me up.
"Sorry" was all I could manage to say.
"No…….I’m the one who’s sorry….for not staying with ya …" My head shook in protest.
"……..I couldn’t fight it. I was so tired and...."
"Let’s get ya home."
We began the walk down the hill.
"Blaine?" Jay asked, "why is yer hair done up like that? Did ya fix it that way just to sleep under a tree?"
My hand flew to my hair and immediately the undulating waves were felt under my fingers. I touched the opposite side and a yellow daisy fell into my hand.
"Oh sweet God…..Oh sweet Jesus….oh God!!!!" I felt my heart leaping in my chest as sheer panic took over and tears flowed down my face. His hands held my arms.
"’Tis okay, ‘tis okay" he reassured me. "What has ya so upset?"
Our eyes locked. I froze unable to tell him about the call of the tree, the morphine effect, the warrior and how he wanted me to steal the brooch of Tara. Jay would think I was loopy beyond all repair and maybe I was. My hand sneaked behind my back and I could feel the dagger nestled where I had left it.
"Blaine…" he encouraged softly "what is it?" My hand flew to Rosie’s crystal.
"It’s here…." I gulped "it’s…I got it…..Rosie gave it to me…. thought I lost it!" His look told me he wasn’t buying the lie but he just said "if ya say so."
Back at the cottage, he left me at the door, planted a chaste kiss on my cheek and left. As he walked away I called out, "sleep in tomorrow morning. I promise I’ll take the first shift." He nodded but said nothing. Perhaps he had little faith in my promises. I had little faith in them myself.
I spent the remainder of the day feeling wired, panicky and borderline insane. Wrapping my head around this strange experience was impossible. To admit the hair style, flower and dagger were a reality was ludicrous. Yet, they sat in front of me, as visible as a flashing neon light telling me Fallon and his world was real. Part of me refused to accept that so easily. Something could explain this, I was sure. What if I had picked up the flower on my way to the tree but didn’t remember? I could have gone sleepwalking back to the cottage and styled my hair and then headed to the tree. That was a far more plausible explanation. Except there were no large yellow daisies in Dee’s garden, I hadn’t the foggiest how to weave my hair and I never held a dagger before now. The whole thing was beyond my understanding and that was frightening.
I could not deny the desire to see Fallon again, to know more about the brooch and how it tied into his life and that of his people. But I wasn’t sure I was mentally prepared for that. There were too many questions reeling in my head and not enough answers. I was losing my marbles and if I didn’t get some control over the situation I could end up in the same state as Dee. 
A nasty thought entered my mind and I felt ashamed for even thinking of it. I wondered if Jay was drugging me and making me appear crazy and delusional. Grant it I had no proof he had done anything wrong, but the underpinnings of doubt could not be ignored. Had the gossip any truth behind it? Had Dee just been unfortunate enough to go a little loopy or had she fallen victim to a crime? I decided the only way to start understanding things was to go back to the beginning. I needed to see the You Tube video of Dee. Grabbing the phone directory, I located an internet café in the neighbouring town of Kells, a five mile distance from Dee’s. Perfect! Twenty minutes later I had a back pack filled with various supplies and was on my way.
The Low-Key café was located on a side street off the main square. I entered windswept and exhausted after cycling five miles on a rickety bike. Sheer determination is a powerful motivator. The café’s title was befitting. Rows of metal tables with individual hutches offered narrow stations for web users, but not much privacy. Fortunately the place was empty at this early hour, so I paid for a two hour session, grabbed a coffee and settled into the furthest station to the rear. 
After going through the log on process and clicking on "accept" below the endless lines of lawyerly jargon, of which I had no idea what I was agreeing to, the Google research engine popped up. My fingers flew over the keyboard. "Dee Hanley" I wrote then pressed enter. Six hundred results appeared in less than a second. I chose the first version available. It came with an explicit warning. Another second later the image of Dee filled the screen and I could not help but gasp. A hooded, full-length navy cloak did nothing to hide her aged and plump naked body. The caption below the image said "Saucy Sexagenarian Spellcaster". A prompt to view the entire scene was offered by a pulsing arrow titled play. I inserted my ear buds and swallowed hard as I hovered the cursor over the arrow and pressed play. 
Dee’s fierce expression looked right at the camera, or whoever was filming her, but it was as if she was not seeing them. She looked like she was in another world. I could hear the amateur cameraman’s cruel mocking laughter at her vulnerable state. The camera zoomed out just as her hands suddenly outstretched and she began uttering unintelligible words. In the background I could see grey concrete pillars, but nothing more. A growing crowd began to gather around and their goading taunts brought tears to my eyes. With every gesture the cloak moved revealing more of Dee’s body. She turned swiftly to her left and only her profile was visible. The words seemed to change, but the actions were the same. She did this several times changing direction each time. At the final turn she removed her cloak completely, my hand flew to my mouth in shock, the cheering roars of the crowd were deafening and I wondered how long her humiliation would continue. Finally a Ban Garda showed up with a large blanket and gently escorted her into a police car. The crowd booed the ending of the show. The camera continued filming, zoomed in on where she had stood and there on the footpath was a large circle of what looked like salt. The camera moved again, this time zooming out to reveal where she was standing. I recognized this had all gone down in front of the National Museum.
My fist pounded hard on the post office door. "Rosie!!!!!" I hollered. "Rosie Open up. It’s me, Blaine!!!!!!" When no answer came I continued pounding until I realized she was not at home. Dejected, I made my way back to the farm. As soon as I was in the door I phoned Iris. The two minute conversation ended with me slamming down the receiver in frustration and watched a plastic section break away and fall onto the directory. 
I hopped into the shower and allowed the hot water to soak into my sore muscles, my mind processing the events of the day. Had Dee really lost her mind? According to the thirteen minute video she had. Hopefully though it was just a temporary lapse and with the right therapy and medication she’d come around. Or maybe it was some newly prescribed medication which provoked a reaction of sorts? Her state had been trance-like, as if she could not see herself or those around her. Could it have been chemically induced? How long had she been there before the cameraman showed up? And why was she in front of the National museum of all places? A voice in my head said it was not a coincidence that Fallon wanted the brooch of Tara which was housed there and Dee happened to choose that place to make an appearance. I would have to talk to Dee and get the answers straight from her, which led me to Iris. To say she was uncooperative was an understatement. In our phone conversation I made the mistake of mentioning wanting to visit Dee at St-Camilla’s hospital. Iris went ballistic. Apparently she was the only one allowed to be with my aunt. Dee was allowed only one family member for visits and that was Iris. I was too untrustworthy to be given access so I had better not try. My pleadings for wanting to visit Dee went unheard as every syllable I uttered met with outright and childish no’s. Unable to even talk reasonably with my mother, my anger won over, hence my slamming down of the phone in frustration.
After I had towelled off and got into some freshly laundered clothes, I decided only Rosie could help and I needed to talk to her now. My immediate obstacle to seeing her was transport. After cycling ten miles, I had a severe case of bike-bum and my inner battery was empty. Another type of vehicle was needed, be it animal or mechanical, anything other than a bike. 
By the time I reached Rosie’s it was like the Macy’s day parade had come to Moynalty. Driving a lawnmower beyond its designated lawn area certainly attracts attention and some cars felt the need to accompany me along the way offering all sorts of comments, comedic and otherwise. Luckily the curious all drove on when I got to Rosie’s. I offered up a silent prayer she was there, as I wasn’t ready for the return trip just yet.
"You certainly know how to arrive in style." Rosie quipped as she opened the front door. Today she wore a long Indian style tunic in soft lilac. The matching leggings made me wonder if she had travelled to the East. Her clothing certainly hinted at that.
"Desperate measures", I said removing my foot from the accelerator and the key from the ignition.
"Desperate" she parroted with flair. "Well then child, you had better come in and tell me what has you in such a state."
The tea was like no other I had ever tasted. The flavor was dark but fruity and I half expected fresh raspberries to float in the brew. "Wow Rosie! This is amazing tea!" I took another long sip as she looked on with a knowing smile.
"Dried raspberries and cranberries mixed with black tea. That’s all."
"Delicious!" I exclaimed taking another sip. "I think you could make a fortune with this." Her eyebrows rose in surprise.
"I doubt that my dear."
"You sure?" I asked in surprise.
How she could know was beyond me. She nodded but gave no further explanation. I took this as my cue to explain why I stopped by. My eyes stared into the tea and I seemed to be having a conversation with the cup. "I saw the video of Dee today. Every minute of it." 
The postmistress sighed, pushing away her cup. "Yes it was unfortunate."
"What possessed her Rosie? Can you tell me that? Can you tell me who in their right mind strips down to their pelt and performs mime on the streets of their nation’s capital?" My voice choked out the last few words as the tight lump in my throat grew. "What’s worse, nobody bothered to help her, nobody tried to cover her body, or talk her into pulling the cloak over her. They just stood there laughing at her, mocking her…..hurting her." I felt the gentle pat of Rosie’s hand on mine.
"Hush now. Dee will be fine."
"I don’t know Rosie, she looked pretty confused and people who know her will always laugh at her even if she pulls through and becomes nor……well strong again."
"She already is strong." 
I was suddenly suspicious. "How do you know all of this? Have you been to see her?"
 Rosie laughed a loud throw-back-your-head guffaw that had me feeling indignant. I gushed from a need to justify my question by telling her about the access restrictions. "Iris won’t let anyone talk to her. Believe me, I know because I have been told in no uncertain terms that my mother, and only my mother, can visit." 
Rosie became serious. A dark shadow erased the mellow smile, and bright eyes. Her slender fingers folded together in one elegant gesture, her posture became more upright, firm, solid, and when she spoke an unseen force fuelled her words. "Iris Hanley never had, nor ever will have any control over Dee for it is not within her power or rank. Her foolish restrictions have the strength of a snow flake in the sun in the greater scheme of things and she would do well to heed the warning given." 
I shook my head in a moment of blind confusion. Snowflakes? Warnings? My head was ready to explode. " Rosieee!" I wailed. "Please stop speaking like Yoda and just tell me what’s going on!!!!!"
"Child!!" She hissed. "You need to e-mote less!!!" A long yoga-style breath was inhaled then exhaled verrrrrry slowly and general calm seemed to have been restored by the time she spoke again. "Now I want you to go home. Rest, relax and know that Dee is fine and will be with us all…..soon." 
If I could have measured the depth of my frown I would have said it went from my forehead into the back of my skull. People who tell me what to do, or how to think, made my blood boil. Anger simmered in my heart and when I spoke to Rosie I felt a rumbling of intolerance in my soul. "I came here to know the truth about Dee so do not cast away my concerns so flippantly - they involve my family."
"The family you abandoned seventeen years ago? And the family whose mother you ran away from three years ago? The people you lie to endlessly? Sounds cozy!" 
My blood was rising through the roof. "No matter what has transpired Dee is my blood. If she needs my help and protection then I will give it willingly. I won’t fail her again." The sobs burst out before I had a chance to control them, "I promise" I bawled. 
Rosie remained stiff and silent while I regained some composure, offering a box of tissues to speed up the process. When only an odd snivel could be heard she stood beside me and refilled my teacup then placed a soft hand under my chin so I had to look into her eyes. I must have appealed to her sense of maternal or fraternal duty or who knows what but when she spoke it was with a soothing tone. "Dee was not insane. She was spell casting."
Chapter 6

Rosie returned to her seat while I sat there speechless, my mouth opening and closing unable to articulate my surprise.
"You look like a fish dear. Close your mouth."
"Spell casting?" I said, finally, as a derivative laugh escaped me. Despite Rosie’s glare, my giggling continued and I waited for her to laugh too; to tell me she was joking but her expression was one of disappointment. "You can’t be serious?" Alarms were going off in my brain. Rosie was loopy. She had to be to come up with something as insane as this. "Spell casting? Isn’t that just esoteric bullsh.."
"Blaine!" Rosie commanded with such force I jumped in my seat. "Enough of this skepticism! Do not dismiss so easily that which you do not understand! Our ways have been practiced for hundreds and hundreds of years. Your aunt, our sister, and the sisters of past generations have upheld our traditions, our rituals, to help our community, to heal the sick, encourage the crops to grow, ward off evil. This is no neo-esoteric mumbo jumbo. It is the call of the Mother Goddess to uphold the ancient ways and it is a privilege like no other to answer that call. Your reaction mirrors the kind of ignorance that has been burning women alive and ridiculing our craft for centuries. I would have expected more from one who share’s Dee’s blood." 
My palm rose up as a silent apology. "Tell me about the…ahm… the spell." Rosie left the table. Clearly I had upset her, but it’s kind of hard not to react to something which seconds earlier you did not believe possible. I decided it was time to go and rose to leave when she returned with a burning white pillar shaped candle which was set on the table. 
I watched as golden wax a trickled down the side. Rosie closed her eyes, took a long deep breath, raised both palms out and only the rapid movement of lips told me she was communicating something, to whatever she believed in. Probably calling for her broomstick. Her eyes shot open, just before she grabbed my fingers then took hold of the candle pouring a small amount of wax onto my hand.
"Agghhh!!!!!" I howled as my skin burned, but she pressed down harder. "Fuuuuuck!!!!!"
"Truth revealed, forever be sealed." 
My hand was immediately released. "Feckin Hell Rosie!!!!!!!!" I said looking at the ugly red mark under the hardening wax. "What’s your problem!!!!"
"To ensure your secrecy, child" she announced softly. 
Running cold water over the burn, I crumbled the hardened wax."You could have just asked me to keep our conversation confidential. Did you think of that before barbequing me?"
"Oh hush with the drama! There’s ointment in that green jar next to the basil. Use it!" 
I did as she commanded. Such a bossy boots! But I had to admit the salve brought rapid relief seconds after I applied it. Rosie beckoned me back to the table.
"You better not try anything else with that candle," I warned "that’s torture you know!" Ignoring my complaint Rosie, seemingly content that my lips would be forever sealed closed her eyes and began to speak.
"The spell Dee cast is very powerful, one which requires a level of concentration and sacrifice." 
"Sacrifice?"
"When I said the incident was unfortunate I meant in terms of timing. Dee was to have performed the spell in the middle of the night where the chances of her being caught would be slim. Being naked enhances the power of the magic, makes you one with the Mother Goddess. Dee gave that spell her absolute all, knowing there was a cost, yet willingly entering into it. She made that sacrifice because she believed the impact would last a lifetime."
A lifetime!!!! "Why did she do it at all? What was so important that she risked being loopy even semi-permanently."
"Dee is extremely well versed in the craft and knew what needed to be done."
"Craft!" I squeaked, but quickly lowered my tone. Witchcraft? " You mean Aunt Dee’s a witch?" Then the penny dropped. "You’re a witch too?" 
Rosie looked at me like a child unable to comprehend basic skills. "Dee Hanley is the Great Queen’s highest servant. Her entire coven and all those versed in the ancient ways know the strength of her knowledge and power and understand the price she has paid in service to her community." 
Okaaayy. Aunty Dee is a witch-butler? This would take time to process. Now while it may explain some incidents from the past, I was still missing vital answers. "But why cast a spell in the first place?" 
Rosie looked like I just confirmed I was at the wrong end of the learning curve. I realized it was more to do with a sense of frustration than my inability to grasp the situation. "The events that have transpired over the last few days have been some time in the making; a result of Dee’s visions."
"She has visions!!" I couldn’t help my incredulity.
"Dee’s a scryer."
"Scryer?" I was reduced to one word sentences. 
Rosie closed her eyes as if to will the necessary calm and patience to respond "Some workers of the craft are able to "see" certain things, while meditating over a small body of water. But Dee’s visions were unusual in that she also felt what she could see. These feelings over time became compulsions she could not explain away." 
Rosie anticipated my question about Dee’s compulsions and went on to elucidate. "After scrying, she would enter into a trance-like state and cast using runes, crystals, herbs - whatever tool was required to feed the vision. The coven became concerned and held a cleansing ritual to make sure no harmful spirit was controlling her. Realizing no destruction was happening to her, or others, we became less concerned for her well-being, that is until she started focusing on one place consistently – the national Museum. Every spell cast thereafter involved this building. She would even carry a small drawing of the museum on her at all times." 
A horrific thought crossed my mind and I couldn’t help revealing my fears. "Is this like some crazy Voodoo crap?" 
The pursed lips and roll of her eyes told me I had crossed one of Rosie’s unseen lines. With a prolonged gaze for emphasis she finally said "Voodoo is a practiced religion and perfectly legitimate. I will expect you never to utter such idiotic words again."  Properly chastised like a four year old, I nodded and sat still in my chair. "The museum’s purpose was never really determined because Dee could never fully share what was fuelling her actions. All she could reveal is that we would one day understand – herself included."
"You mean she never knew why she was propelled to cast after the scrying sessions?"
"Exactly!"
"She didn’t seem to have the drawing with her on the video." I didn’t bother saying her nakedness confirmed that.
"It was there and must be still with her – at the care center." I liked the way Rosie avoided calling Dee’s new accommodations a mental health institute."And you must retrieve it."
"Excuse me?" I gawked at the bossy post-mistress. What was this with people asking me to get things; a sketch, the brooch of Tara. Go fetch!!
"It has been empowered by endless spells cast by Dee and is therefore filled with magical energy. It has to be returned to the coven for safe-keeping and you must get it." 
The woman was delusional. Had she never heard of the sumo wrestler, Iris Hanley? "That’s…that’s just not possible in any way shape or form, Rosie. Iris said no visitors and ….." How to put into words that I’d sooner face a lobotomy without anaesthesia than Iris when she’s angry. 
She reached out and I immediately flinched believing she would burn, stab, or slap me. With an impatient tsk she placed the palm of her hand on mine, mouthed something then said softly "you will manage." 
A shadow fell over my eyes and with confidence I declared, "Rosie, I’ll manage!" I was astonished to feel that Iris would represent no obstacle whatsoever. The shadow lifted and I realized I had a small problem. "The lawnmower just can’t cover that kind of distance."
"Come by the post office tomorrow evening."
"Really? You have a better lawnmower? That’d be really handy. You sure you don’t mind? It’s just that cars aren’t my thing…you know standard gears are...well I just haven’t had the time to learn the …"
"Nonsense child!" Her hand patted the top of mine to indicate we were done. "Now I’d say seven pm should be a good time to leave."
"Grand then" I said with great enthusiasm. "Know where I can get some petrol for the lawnmower?"
The next day at noon, I had just returned to the house after finishing the chores when Jay called to me from the kitchen. Without waiting for an answer he ran to my bedroom door which was quite out of character for the cool and always calm, Jay. Luckily for him I still had my clothes on, although he was looking at me like he wanted to remove them.
"You should have knocked!" I reproached hotly, the sight of the bonfire dance suddenly vivid in my mind. He swallowed hard then went on as if I hadn’t spoken.
"Benny Fitz just called. His cow’s ready to be sired. It was supposed to be yesterday but she wasn’t ready." 
I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do with that news given my limited farming knowledge. But for Jay to have hurried into the house to make the announcement, it must have held some importance for him. Come to think of it, his whole energy was a tad nervous, as if something had put him on edge. Reading my blank expression he went on to explain.
"Brennus is the bull who must sire a calf in Billywood. There’s only a four hour window of "coupling" opportunity in which the cow will be….ahm… receptive." 
I looked at him, unsure as to what I should say."Best of luck then?" I offered cheerily and went to close the door.
"No, no, no….we" he pointed to me and back to himself for emphasis "must do this - now."
"We?" I enquired stunned. "Get your friends to help you! You have plenty of them to choose from." Especially the one you like to smooch with. The confused look on his face told me I was missing something.
"Blaine they all left this morning; they don’t want to outstay their welcome and are off trying a few other sites."
"Bullshit!" I exclaimed. 
He frowned as his lips pursed. "Okay...........they didn’t want to make any more trouble for ya."
"Are they coming back? All of them?" I hated feeling jealous when I had no claim on him whatsoever.
"N’ere a worry Blaine, they know they can come back and that means the world to them." He rubbed a hand through his hair. "Look I need yer help. Patsy isn’t here and I can’t do this alone, so we’re going to have to do this together."
"Do what? I know nothing about bulls and cows and the thing they do."
"Ye’ll know all there is to know soon. Now let’s get going."
An hour later we were still in the barn yard covered in sweat and had not managed to get Brennus into the trailer. We had pulled and pushed but could not get him to budge. The bull stood stoically at the trailer’s entrance showing no will to move forward. With both hands on his rump, I pushed with all my might while Jay pulled from the front. "I thought bulls wore nose rings."
"Not this one." Jay said through teeth gritted from sheer exertion.
"How come?" I asked pushing hard as Jay tried another hard and unsuccessful pull. 
He swore under his breath then removed his t-shirt. "Now’s not a good time for questions ‘kay!!!" 
I tried not to ogle his naked sweaty torso glistening under the sun. He came up close beside me. God, what was wrong with me. I was acting and thinking so abnormally!!! Eyes away from the prize, I focused on the goal. Without preamble he placed his shoulder down low against the bull’s hind legs which buckled for a second before getting sure-footed. Jay swore then walked away rubbing his fingers through his hair before pacing. His abdominal muscles protruded, as did the natural bulge in his jeans. I was a sick woman. Quickly looking away I asked, "how did you get him in last time?" 
He did not turn to face me but his shoulders fell in defeat. I pushed on ignoring his exasperation, "If he has sired other cows before, you got him into this trailer. Right? What was done to get him in those times?"
"Look, talkin’ is getting us nowhere, so just do as I say –’kay."
"Hey! I’m only trying to help."
"Well I don’t need yer help," he said coldly "Forget it! I’ve got it from here." 
The sudden dismissal surprised me. I couldn’t understand what was so bad that I couldn’t stay. After all, he was the one who had insisted I help out. Something I said bothered him. A little voice, or gut feeling inside told me he had never put Brennus in the trailer alone before. Or if he did, he was doing something wrong this time. "Jay, how about we get the cow to come here?" Then I remembered the night I saw Jay pour some wine for the bull. "Or what about giving Brennus wine? You know get him in the mood," I chuckled. Jay shot me a dirty look, but I continued "I’m sure it would be good to try…….you said…"
"Please leave" he interrupted glaring down at me with annoyance. "Ya know…….I thought ya could help…….but ya can’t so go….now. I don’t want ya here." 
I hesitated for a few seconds staring at him in disbelief. I could handle Iris being that way with me, but not him. Somehow his cutting remarks, along with the bonfire kiss, brought on a level of hurt I hadn’t known before. Maybe it was just too much rejection. I nodded silently feeling water brim in my eyes then turned to Brennus, caressed his nose and uttered "go on your Majesty, stop being such a mule and get in there."
Crossing the yard toward the cottage, I decided my time at Cherrymount had come to its natural end. Helping out I could do, being treated like a disposable rag, I could not. Only Iris held that privilege. But it still stung like hell. With plans to call Alex and pack my bags going through my mind I heard Jay call to me. I stopped reflexively but continued on deciding it was best to ignore him or I’d probably say things I’d regret. Just as I reached the archway the sound of metal on cobblestone made me turn around. Brennus was no more than a few inches behind me. His demeanour was not menacing, if anything he looked like a stray dog that had followed me home. His head nuzzled my hand as if expecting a treat. I spoke softly to him, "so his Majesty can move" I joked softly while caressing his snout.
"Why did ya call him yer majesty?" Jay demanded tersely. 
My hurt turned to anger. "What is your problem?" I snapped. "You ask for my help, which I give then you rudely send me away. His Highness here follows me and you’re all bent out of shape because of it?!" Holding gently on one of Brennus’ horns I guided him slowly toward the trailer. "Look I know I’m not what you need.....here on the farm.....I’m not good enough, so you know what Jay? You win! Iris wins! I’m gone! There’ll be no more of "my kind" here." 
At this point Brennus had entered the trailer without any fuss. Jay was speechless as I came out. If someone asked me how I did it, I could not explain but at least it was done - my last chore on the farm. I left Jay to close up the trailer door then headed away. As I passed under the arch I felt his hand take mine.
"Please Blaine" he said wiping perspiration from him face with his bare forearm, "don’t leave. I shouldn’t have spoken to ya like that. I know there’s no excuse for it and. I’m sorry."
"Fine," I replied dryly then walked away. 
He followed, staying close to my side. "Where are ya going?"
"Leaving."
"But………….I don’t want ya to leave." 
Ignoring him as he followed me, I entered the cottage and headed to my bedroom, removed the suitcase from the wardrobe, placed it haphazardly on the bed and opened it. He was in front of me in a heartbeat.
"Blaine I said I was sorry, what more do ya want me to do." 
I stepped away from his closeness, my eyes turning to the window which gave out onto the front garden. I couldn’t tell him how I saw him at the campfire, how I felt like a complete and utter fool, not to mention that I failed as a farm hand, had no prospects, and Iris would gloat at being proved right once more. Quelling the tight lump mounting in my throat, I swallowed hard. "Nothing," I whispered. "I want nothing from you." 
He stepped closer narrowing the gap between us until we were no more than a few centimetres apart. Suddenly invisible sparks of electricity were flying. I could feel it just as clearly as I could smell the sweet musky scent of his sweat.
"Yer right," he offered, "I never put Brennus in the trailer before….and I shouldn’t have spoken to ya that way." 
I sidestepped around him to the drawer and silently began piling clothes into my suitcase.
 "Look, I understand if ya want to leave Blaine, I do. But I’m hoping ya can forgive me enough to want to stay here. I’m not…..not the chattiest of men, ‘cause I seem to get into trouble every time I open my mouth, but I know that I can’t do this alone." 
Well, it may have been the most I had ever heard him say since that day on the bridge and there was no doubt his words were sincere, but the sincerity would probably only last until the next problem, or woman, came along. "Jay, it’s best if your friends come to help out here, or that you get an experienced farm hand, so you won’t have to do this alone." 
My arms folded under my chest as if to shield myself from the hurt. I was fighting back years of rejection and for reasons I could not fathom, this seemed like a new level of hurt. He reached out, uncrossed my arms, and gently held both of my hands in his before fixing his beautiful green eyes on mine. 
"Even if my friends came back, t’would only be for a short while; they’re nomads simple as that. And the truth is no farm hand will come here to work. Nobody wants to. They all believe I’m a violent man an’…well people steer clear of me. It’s been like that for so long now that I expect people to hate me. But I have never felt that from yerself. Ever. What others think of me I don’t care, but I do care about what yer thinking of me ‘cause…well because yer the only one I want here."  I shook my head in protest but he raised his hand for me to hear him out. " ..…No matter what ya believe, things are so much brighter with ya here. ‘Tis easy because there’s no suspicion in yer heart only kindness, even though ye’ve heard all the talk about me and even when I haven’t been patient toward ya. I pushed ya away and that’s wrong, so very wrong I know because ya …..ya don’t deserve that." 
At the risk of sounding suspicious, I had to ask. "Jay, why do you think people think you’re violent?"
"Because they believe what they hear, no questions asked. ‘N the result of that is a life sentence with a label of being violent hanging ‘round yer neck."
"Does anyone know the truth, anyone who could defend you?" 
He shook his head. "Look, don’t leave…..please." 
I never got a chance to respond to that as I heard Jay exclaim, "Arrah no,no,no,no." just before he ran for the door. I glanced out the window and saw Brennus trotting up the road.
"C’mon Blaine," he called "he’ll only listen to yerself." I quickly followed.
Half the day was spent looking for the bull. Needless to say the four hour mating window passed along with a nice sum of money paid by the cow’s owners. 
I phoned Rosie and told her I couldn’t make it. We postponed visiting Dee for another day. Feeling exhausted beyond belief, we found Brennus around midnight. He had made his way back to the farm all by himself and was standing at the entrance to his field as much to say "what kept you". I had not eaten or drank all day but had no appetite so I left Jay to secure Brennus then showered and changed before heading to bed dejected. I made sure to lock the back door as I did not want to see Jay again.
The following morning I started the first milking with no sign of Jay about. Maybe he decided to have that sleep in we spoke of at one point. Mat and Nat ran excitedly around the cows herding them to the milking shed. I opened the gate to the yard and went ahead to guide the cows into their stalls. Nula was the only one absent as she was too close to her due date and was being kept in a separate area next door. I had taken time to see where the big event was to take place and found a large stall carpeted in golden straw with red heat lamps hanging low from the ceiling –perfect for keeping the calf warm after birth. In the dairy barn I was checking the milk flowing through the sterilized tubes when Jay walked in.  I looked away, "thought you were supposed to be taking it easy this morning." 
"Just thought I’d come by – to see ya."
"You didn’t think I could do this?" I answered a little snippily. "Or that I wouldn’t be here."
"I’m guessing ya didn’t sleep last night," he responded unfazed by my attitude. Suddenly conscious of my appearance I brushed back strands of hair behind my ear avoiding his gaze.
"I did. Very well." I lied.
"Ya sure?" he pushed. "Because there are some fierce big dark circles under those pretty eyes of yers." 
Curiosity was getting the better of me. "And you? Did you sleep well?"
"Depends…."
"On what?" 
He took a shovel, began cleaning the trenches and gave me a wry smile as he passed closely around me, "on where I’m sleeping."
"You sleep in more than one place?" It was confirming he was with someone else, the curvy gypsy woman no doubt.
"Ya do too." 
The cows were coming to the end of their milking. I wanted to ask more questions but now wasn’t the time or the place.
After my chores were done, I went to the garden at the side of the house and picked some tayberries with the intention of making Rosie a pot of jam. Once the fruit was cleaned, the stems removed and the special sugar added, I let the mixture simmer for the afternoon. The sweet succulent aroma filled the air and I had to admit this was soothing, relaxing even. From the sporadic stirrings, to the thickening conserve, jam-making was a peach. It was only when I was filling up the jam jars I realized Connie was the missing ingredient. A quick taste test told me it seemed fine without her being there.
By the time seven p.m. came around, I was yawning widely as I pulled the lawnmower in front of the post-office. Part of me wanted to curl up anywhere and sleep while the other part of me was jittery with nervous energy at the thought of what I had to face: Iris. The formidable sentinel would be tough to get past, but even if I did manage that, seeing Dee again after such a long estrangement felt like a daunting task. The willow tree promised escape, as well as a heavenly slumber, and it took all my strength not to turn around and go back. I chided myself that seeing Dee and retrieving the drawing was more important than sleep. I knocked on the thick oak door, cutely decorated tayberry jam jar in hand, and waited. 
Fifteen minutes later I was still outside Rosie’s wondering where she was. There was no movement inside the house that I could decipher and no other vehicle was parked in the vicinity. I worried she had fallen, or was ill, or maybe she had just changed her mind about going to Dublin. Perhaps she had decided the sketch wasn’t so precious after all. Still she could have told me. Well, if Rosie was a no-show I had no choice but to abort mission. With a final look at the house I placed the jam pot on the doorstep, turned away and got on the lawnmower just as Jay’s van pulled up beside me.
"Rosie called" he offered smoothly after lowering the window. He looked striking again in a black long sleeved taut sweater. Jeez didn’t the man wear anything loose! The color brought out the blackness of his hair and sallow skin. "Says she’s sorry, but she can’t make it." 
I felt my shoulders deflate with disappointment, or was it relief? Seeing Dee after so many years took a certain amount of mental preparation and I hadn’t realized I’d been so tense ever since Rosie set up the plan yesterday. There was no denying Iris scared me. Her anger was so fierce she’d be like a demon when I showed up against her explicit instructions. "Okay" I grumbled then remembered my manners, "thanks for letting me know." 
He frowned for an instant before speaking. "C’mon woman! Hop in. I’m taking ya to Dublin." 
This didn’t feel right. Jay hardly felt like driving to Dublin at this hour, especially not to bring me – the bane of his existence - for a ninety minute drive at the end of a hard day. I was sure Rosie had put him up to it out of guilt for having offered to take me in the first place. "Thanks but there’s no need. I’ll go another time."
"I’m not taking ya" he answered with a suppressed smile then moved over to the passenger seat. 
My jaw dropped open. "No way! I can’t drive this thing. It’s standard shift. Besides, I’d wreck it!" I shuddered at the thought of the trouble I’d cause and returned to the wheel of the lawnmower.
"Enough frettin – the whole country drives standard ‘n if they can do it so can yerself. Now get on over here ‘til I teach ya." 
It sounded easy but memories of Luca trying to teach me standard shift caused me to shake involuntarily. Our worst fights were in that car. Sometimes I wondered if the driving lessons were a way to vent issues we hadn’t resolved. Like the fact that he wanted me to have a pair of size D cups and I wouldn’t get the implants. Turns out Bernice already had what he needed. "I want a bail-out option."
"A wha’?"
"If you get too mad I want to be able to stop and for you to drive." 
He got out and came across the driver’s side and placed his hand on the door handle. "If I get mad then I’ll never ask ya to drive standard again. Deal?" 
He was standing so close I could smell a new cologne that hinted of sandalwood with musky tones and a promise of seduction with a money-back guarantee. I stepped back for fear I’d plant my nose on his neck or other body parts and wondered how I could possibly drive with this man by my side causing a major distraction. All motorists, pedestrians and errant livestock would be in grave danger.
"So?" he asked dragging my wandering mind back to focus on the task at hand. He was foolish to enter into such a deal after all he had never seen me drive.
"Grand so" I responded thinking he could kiss his transmission goodbye, as I climbed into the driver seat. The seats weren’t separated but were one long upholstered bench meaning Jay and his delicious smell and other body parts sat very close to me under the guise of teaching. 
With intermittent stops, starts and gear grinding, I slowly grasped the notion of three pedals instead of two and the delicate interaction between clutch and brake. It was nerve wracking. Each time his hand or arm touched mine the sexual energy and tension was palpable. In an effort to divert my mind to something other than a naked Jay, I tried to broach the subject hovering constantly on the periphery of my thoughts. "Were you with Dee the day she went to Dublin?"
"Aye."
"And?"I encouraged, "what happened to her?"
"I didn’t see anythin’ strange or different if that’s what yer thinking Blaine Hanley. I’d have stopped her if I’d thought she wasn’t well."
"Jay I’m just trying get a feel for how she was behaving that day. Nobody’s blaming you so don’t start getting all antsy." 
He passed a hand through his hair but said nothing remaining silent for a long time. I thought he wouldn’t speak for the remainder of the trip. 
"She had come in from the garden ‘n looked a little shook up. I asked her if she was okay… arrah she just brushed it off. About a half an hour later she sat down ‘n wrote that list. Later that night I was comin in from havin a pint in the village ‘n saw her on the telly. I didn’t even know she had left for Dublin." 
As for the days leading up to her street performance, he wouldn’t go there. He said he was keeping up the farm and doing things as Dee did them and that was his way of honoring her. Any other information I needed she was the one who would dole it out, not him. That sounded fair enough. The good thing was, by the time we reached Dublin I could mostly manage to drive standard shift, the bad thing was all my thoughts ran toward bedding Jay. 
After speaking into an intercom on an ancient wall, massive wrought iron gates opened. I pulled the van into a spot in the lot of St-Camilla’s mental hospital, letting out a long sigh of relief as I removed the key from the ignition. Jay got out on his side and quickly came across to open my door. I took his outstretched hand and descended with shaky hands and legs.
"Ya did a grand job" he offered softly not letting go of my hand. 
I felt my cheeks flush. "Thanks for being so patient."
"I had no reason not to be – ya did great."
"I’m not sure about that."
"Just needed a bit of practice." 
He didn’t know I had had loads of practice with Luca and our lessons only got worse with time. 
"Ready to go inside?" He asked with raised eyebrows. I nodded and together we headed into the mental institute – his hand was still holding mine, but I let it go because of the curvy gypsy woman.
From the exterior, the building was old and falling apart at the seams. It was as if it had been standing way beyond its years and was begging for a wrecking ball to take it out of its misery. Inside was no better. Amongst the peeling paint, worn tiles and general decay I felt all the wrongs of the past committed here creep around me. I shivered involuntarily prompting Jay to ask if I was alright. I nodded silently but had a feeling this would not go well and it triggered me to do something I would not normally do.
"Jay, I need to leave here this evening with an item belonging to Dee. It’s a drawing – a small one. If Iris…if Iris is not cooperative, will you find a way to ask Dee where she is keeping it?" 
He stopped and turned to face me."Do not fear Iris. She has no power or control over yerself or anyone." 
I almost laughed at his ignorance but decided it was a normal response from someone who did not know her."Just promise me you’ll get the drawing?" 
His eyes held mine. "Of course. But ya shouldn’t worry -take time with Dee to say…what ya need."
"Can’t" I wheezed with terror. "We need to be in and out – like ghosts." Rosie’s encouragement was the only reason I got this far and I was beginning to feel she had duped me with false bravery. 
He frowned. "I think Dee deserves our unhurried time. She should have seen ya before now."
"You don’t get it?" I began to hyperventilate. "Do you realize that Iris would kill me if she caught me!"
"Arrah what can she do to ya that would stop ya seeing the one person who loved ya more than anything else?" 
I didn’t answer. But just shook my head.
"Can she physically harm ya?"
"Not so much anymore." 
His lips pressed together and I silently pleaded he would understand the beatings of the past. "Well she won’t lay a finger on ya - not while I’m around." 
I offered up a silent thank you because a showdown with Iris was the last thing I wanted. Jay was right though, I needed to see Dee and tell her things on the farm were fine and ask her for the sketch.
Luck was on my side tonight. Iris wasn’t around. The nurse said she had stepped out to eat and would be back shortly. That gave me precious time with Dee, who was apparently in the day room. I asked Jay to find out where her ward or room was while I headed to see Dee.
The day room was depressing. Busy faded floral patterned curtains closed off the darkening sky while lounge chairs with upholstering from the fifties formed a semi circle to face a fourteen inch television screen. The occupants of the chairs ranged in age from early forties to older than Dee and all carried the five-mile stare, or at least various ranges of vacant expressions. It was heart wrenching and scary all in the same heartbeat. 
I spotted Dee in the chair furthest to the left. Even from where I stood, I could tell she was not watching the popular quiz show. Her head was directed toward the window to the left of the screen. I approached slowly then kneeled before the rotund elderly woman. Fluffy white hair framed a kind face where deeply grooved wrinkles spread from a wide dentured smile. Fierce blue eyes looked at me but nobody was home.
"Hi Dee, it’s me -Blaine." Her face blurred before mine as water filled my eyes. It had been over a decade since I’d seen her and yet I could still feel love exuding from her. What kind of fool was I to have squandered something so precious and for what? To please Iris? 
Her stare remained fixed on nothing in front of her. Taking her soft hand in mine, I squeezed it gently then held it on her knee. "I came to say hello Dee and to tell you that everything is okay on the farm." A large lump of self-disgust caught in my throat. "I’m so sorry for the things I said, for hurting you, for leaving you, for believing Iris. …. I’m a little late I know………….but I love you. Always have and will, forever." I planted a big kiss on her cheek, wiping away where my tears had fallen on her hands. 
Rosie had been so wrong when she said Dee was fine. Dee was far from fine. I fixed the blanket on her lap, tucking her in as she had done for me throughout the years. There was a slight rustling sound under the cloth so I raised it gently and gasped when I caught sight of a piece of wrinkled paper. 
My jaw dropped at the detailed drawing. It was an exact replica of the historic landmark. In front of it was a figure of a young woman wearing a light blue cardigan, a white blouse and pale blue jeans. A moonstone bracelet dangled above the left wrist and a matching necklace fell onto the folds of the gypsy-style blouse. Soft black curls cascaded onto the shoulders and I realized I was looking at a drawing of myself. It was exactly how I was dressed at this very moment. 
My mind was trying to wrap itself around what I was seeing so I didn’t hear the ruckus going on down the hall at first. When I did become aware of it, Iris’ voice rang above all other sounds making me fear the worst. I grabbed Dee’s hand and asked her if I could keep the drawing safe until she returned home. Iris’ loud voice was getting closer. Dee’s expression didn’t change; the wide smile was still there. "Oh please Dee" I implored, "let me know if you’re okay with this." 
Iris stormed into the day room and I closed my eyes in despair. She was in fighting form and the instant she saw me the venomous look she threw me would have pierced iron. I put the paper in Dee’s limp hand and in doing so my hand-bag fell off my shoulder onto my wrist. The paper tipped over from her hand landing right in my unzipped bag. I smiled in relief and offered up a silent thank you to Dee, as I felt she was telling me to take it. I discreetly closed across the zip and rose to face Iris. 
Jay followed behind flanked by two male nurses. His head gave an almost imperceptible shake to tell me he didn’t find the drawing, but I responded with a similar gesture to indicate I had it. He didn’t seem worried about the nurses who looked more like their role was security detail than care-givers. I really couldn’t tell what their intentions were, controlling Iris or protecting the patients? 
Iris obviously had a big broom up her butt about my being with Dee. Accusations would hurl like bullets from a gun. "What are you doing here?" she hissed. 
When Iris was at this level of anger I simply froze and waited for it to pass. Had I had the courage, I would have told Iris she should avail of the services the establishment offered. My legs were already shaking. "I..I j-just wanted to see D-Dee." My stutter was stress-induced. She descended on me in a heartbeat.
"Was I not perfectly clear that you were not to visit her? This," she spat wrapping her hand in a vice-like grip around my arm, "interferes with her healing." 
Jay dashed away from the henchmen to stand in front of the imposing structure that was Iris and told her to remove her hand from my arm. It wasn’t a request. She hesitated until one of the nurses prompted her to let me go. Only then did she release me. Jay placed his hand in mine holding it tight. 
Her eyes bore through mine."Get out of here and take this tinker with you." She couldn’t resist shoving me.
"Leave her be" Jay shot as he pushed himself in front of me. "She can visit her aunt if she wants. They’re family." 
Her mouth upturned in disgust. In her three-inch heels she was just as tall as Jay and not too far off in girth as well. I was afraid for him. I stepped out from behind him.
"Iris, we’re going now."
"Family?" Her snicker meant she was about to lambast him. "And you’d know all about the precious bond of family wouldn’t you?"
"Leave it alone Iris" Jay warned as his jaw clenched tight. She went right on with whatever nasty business her mind was conjuring up.
"You had quite the bond with your wife – didn’t you?" 
His wife??? I hadn’t a clue what she was talking about, but judging from Jay’s fist which was opening and closing along with his flared nostrils, I guessed she was about to push the launch missile button. "Iris, stop it!" I exclaimed. Not waiting for any explosions to go off, I pushed past her keeping a tight hold on Jay’s hand "c’mon, I said we’re leaving!" 
He locked eyes with Iris but I just kept pulling him, grateful that the nurses didn’t stop us. I managed to get Jay through the door of the day room when she called out theatrically "wasn’t it a family bond that had you beat your wife to death?" 
Jay whirled around and I pushed against his chest which was like trying to hold back a train. He was a wall of steel.
"Don’t do this please" I begged him. His breathing was coming in short gasps and his jaw was rigid. The security detail men saw my struggle and managed to put him outside the day room into the hall. I placed my hand to his cheek until he looked at me. When his eyes held mine I could see the hurt and pain her words had caused. "She is not worth it. Let it go. Please." 
When he turned toward the exit I sighed with relief then quickly followed behind discreetly wiping the tears from my cheeks. It was hard to ignore Iris’ loud cackling laugh, but it was excruciating knowing we were leaving Dee behind with her. My only consolation was Dee was in her own world and could not see Iris.
Under the night sky, warm rain poured down and despite walking very rapidly we were soaking wet by the time we reached our parking spot. Whatever Jay had held back he was now letting loose on the tires and other parts of the van. I stood there letting him get it out of his system knowing all too well the effect Iris could have on a person even one as big and strong as Jay. At one point he stopped and placed both fists against the side of the van, his head pressed on the metal panelling. His abdomen moved in and out swiftly from the exertion of beating up the tires. I wanted to tell him it was okay, that I understood, but I couldn’t get the words out. How could I begin to apologize for how Iris behaved? How could I ignore the accusations hurled at him? He had a wife and lost her….somehow. I moved closer, gently placed my hand on his back and held it there. My eyes closed and I sent him what felt like peace and well-being from somewhere deep inside me. 
I envisioned placing my hand over his wounded heart and keeping it there until it became whole again. The heat he emanated felt wonderful to my wet numb fingers. After a few moments I opened my eyes, his breathing was slower and his fists had uncurled to open palms. His gaze held mine as he reached across and pulled me to him so I was pressed against the van under him. He leaned down brushing his lips against mine then wiped away the rain as he held my face. He hovered over my lips and when they met again the reaction was incendiary. 
My fingers twisted in his hair as his tongue covered mine. His body pressed against mine moulding me against him. It was like time and space were no more, as if we were alone in the world and nobody existed around us. I wanted him and only him. The sudden beam of a high intensity flash light had us both frozen to the spot. I peered around Jay’s shoulder to find a lone security guard leaning out the window of his patrol car.
"Everything all right there Miss?" he asked. Jay kept his back to the man but kept his arm tight around my waist. My cheeks flared crimson red. Honestly I don’t know when we would have stopped or even if we would have. I had heard of people having sex in public places and for the first time I understood how it could happen.
"Yes. Fine thanks. Ahm sorry. We’re just leaving now." The man nodded and moved away slowly. He stopped further along keeping his headlights on us until Jay drove out of the lot. We drove back to the cottage in silence but sitting as close as jam on bread. 
Once we entered the kitchen I tried to busy myself with mundane things until he took my hand and I had to look him in the eye. An expression of worry furrowed his brow."Ya didn’t say a word on the way back. I hope I didn’t scare ya…….Iris is…."
"No…." I shook my head, "I’m fine." 
He didn’t seem convinced. "I’m not so sure…..yer crying. That’s not a good sign in someone who’s feelin’ fine." 
Fat tears fell onto my cheeks. "I got to see Dee, got a chance to say sorry we parted ways."
"Blaine I’m the one who’s sorry – all along I thought ya hadn’t wanted to see Dee, that ya didn’t care about her, or this place for that matter. I didn’t know t’was ‘cause Iris wouldn’t allow ya to see her. She’s quite the character."
"Nobody has ever stood up for me…before tonight. I have never had that happen to me…..ever."
"Nobody has the right to hit ya no matter what relationship they have with ya." 
I placed a hand on his chest. "I’m sorry she was so cruel." The burning questions sitting on the tip of my tongue were held back. He would tell me whatever happened to his wife when, and if, he was ready to. 
He laughed for a moment. "Aye…she got under my skin, but luckily for me ya were there to keep me out of trouble." He paused and we seemed to both have the same thought, "and the security guard." My cheeks flushed red again and my eyes looked away. His hand lifted my chin so I was gazing right into a deep green sea. "I wanted ya like nothing I’ve ever felt before and would have never stopped if tha’ fella hadn’t come along." 
I’d seen that passionate look before at the camp fire. He went to kiss me but I pulled away. "I think this isn’t right if there are other people in our lives." 
His head snapped up. "Other people?!! Is this about that Father Lucozade fella?"
"No! It’s about the woman dancing with you at the camp fire." 
His laugh was so sudden and loud I jumped. It was as if he was laughing at me and I certainly didn’t appreciate that."Ya think I’m with her?"
"It certainly looked that way when you were giving her tonsils an examination!"
"And yerself? Are ya dating…..a priest???"
"Oh that’s just ridiculous!"
"An’ spying on me isn’t?"
"I wasn’t spy……." I paused. "You know what, forget about it. Just leave. Now."
"Great Blaine! Yer throwing me out.......that’s going to solve soooo much." 
He walked out without closing the door, so I slammed it shut and broke the small corner pane.
The next morning Jay stumbled into the milking shed with pillow marks still on his cheeks, his eyes squinting from the bright lights. I had remained wide awake then sneaked out at dawn and brought the cows in for milking. Mat and Nat had just returned the cows to the field while I finished up in the stalls.
"Sorry…..I overslept." His tone was one of bewilderment, as if that never happened and for some reason that made me feel less nervous."Nothing wrong with having a lie in." Or being hungover.
"Right." He was looking around for something to do, but I had it all covered. "Gran’then. So how ‘bout I make us some eggs with toast and a cup of tea."
"I’m okay" I smiled hooking the hose back on the rack, "but you go right along." When I turned around he took me in his arms and kissed me like I needed to be resuscitated then headed back to the cottage. I stood in profound bewilderment at our strange relationship.
After showering and changing I tucked into the breakfast Jay had made. He didn’t stay and eat because Patsy hurried by to say Gen the goat had rammed the fence of his veggie garden and gotten his horns stuck in the wiring. The goat was now wandering around with a wire mesh face-mask. Once I cleaned up, I phoned Rosie to ask about what to do with the sketch. It had remained in my handbag and I had not touched it since. There was no answer so I decided to pop by.
Getting to the village was a bit rocky to begin with because I wasn’t used to Dee’s car. I had the hazard lights on and drove like I was impaired, but managed to get to the post-office. I found her airily dusting the island desk in the center of the floor. She whirled around just as I walked inside and gave me a once over with a wry smile. "Good! You’re making progress." 
My face went beet red while I asked what she meant."The car love" she motioned to the vehicle parked next to the lawnmower. "You made it here in Dee’s car." A frown crossed her face "why what did you think I meant?"
"Nothing," I mumbled. She beckoned me to a small room off to the side of the counter.
"Now I got your message that you have Dee’s sketch. Tell me how that went." 
She prepared us some tea while I gave a very edited version about meeting Dee; about the paper falling into my bag, about Iris and what she said to Jay, but I left out wanting to make love to the man. Rosie tsked at Iris’ behavior and said more than once that she needed to be taught a lesson. I didn’t enquire as to what she had in mind.
"Did Jay talk to you about his wife?" 
I shook my head. "If he wants me to know what happened he would tell me in his own time." I hoped. 
She placed a tea pot with a wonderfully scented brew and before I could ask any questions she said "fennel, coconut, liqourice black tea...all for the passionate soul." 
I almost choked on my tea."Passion? Jeez Rosie, you’re funny," I said with a forced chuckle.
"The crystal?" Her hand beckoned to have it and I removed it from inside my black turtleneck t-shirt, lifted it over my head and handed it back. I guessed Rosie felt I didn’t need it anymore now that I had seen Dee.
"Well, well, well" she said prompting me to look in her direction. My head did a double take when I saw the transparent crystal was now the color of rose quartz. "Rosie! I didn’t do anything to it I swear!"
"Hush child!" she said returning it to me. "You must calm that need to react so emotionally. Now continue wearing it." She pushed it back in my direction. 
I didn’t take it afraid of what it could possibly reveal."Why did it change?"
"Because you have changed child. You are not the woman you were when you returned from Boston. Life changes us and the crystal changes to reflect those emotions."
"So…ahm.. what emotion does the pink tell you?" I hoped to God above she wasn’t going to say I was falling in love with a hunky gypsy man. 
Her lips pressed together as if trying to suppress a smile."Hmmm….this tells me you are loving someone, or something…quite strongly too."
"It’s Dee!" I declared in a gush. "Seeing her again must have changed the crystal." 
Rosie didn’t seem convinced, "well you know best" she said with a light pat on my hand. "Now, before I forget, that jam you made was simply delicious even if Connie was not with you. So I’ll be needing another twenty pots for next week."
"Twenty!!!" I balked while at the same time wondering how she knew my friend hadn’t assisted. Maybe Connie told her. "Anyway, the garden doesn’t produce enough fruit for four pots never mind twenty!!"
"Child, turn-off that panic button of yours. You’ll give yourself a stroke." She placed another tiny packet of sugar on the table and pushed it to me a wry glint in her eye. "This time get Jay to make the jam with you. It will change the outcome – I’m certain." 
In an attempt to hide my ever reddening face I reached down and removed the paper from my hand bag. "I brought Dee’s drawing."
"You didn’t bring it here child!!?" She tsked in disappointment "and in your bag no less??" 
That wasn’t the reaction I expected. I figured I had gone through the wrath of Iris to get it and Rosie didn’t seem to realize what trouble occurred in retrieving it. "Ahm …." I frowned in confusion. "I thought that’s what you needed. You said it had to be safe-guarded because of the magic in it!" 
She suddenly left the table, crossed the floor to the narrow stairway and plodded up the steps. I took a few gulps of my tea wondering what Rosie was going to extract from her magic box today. A folded navy blue velvet cloth with embroidered constellations was set before me in a way that said using it was non-negotiable.
"Wrap the paper immediately in this mantle and do not let anybody know you have it.
"Well too late for that." I should have been told that beforehand because Jay already knew of its existence.
"Jay doesn’t count."
"Who says it’s Jay? It could be anyone."
"Child I have no time for games." Rosie sounded so stern I didn’t want to have another person angry with me.
"It is Jay" I conceded. "And why doesn’t he count?"
"Because he knows all about us. He did live with Dee you know." My mouth formed an "oh" of understanding. "Wrap it up" she said nodding to the paper. I opened the cloth, placed it in the center then closed the material over it. "Now carry it close to you until you get home. Jay will show you what to do from there."
After leaving Rosie’s I headed back to the farm and did all my chores but couldn’t find Jay. The pull to wander up to the Willow tree with the sole goal of sleeping profoundly was intense, but I fought with every fibre of my being to keep as far away from trouble as possible. I spent the night wide awake and felt like the undead the next morning. The sketch stayed in my bag.
During the milking the next morning Jay sensed my distance but was silent until the cows returned to the field. When we were alone he approached me slowly then backed me into a dark corner of the dairy barn where the proximity to his body made me tingle all over. His hand gently slipped through my hair.
"What’s wrong Blaine?" His voice was soft, caring. "Ya know I can feel it."
"I’m fine" I lied. "Rosie tells me you know what I should do with the sketch."
"Aye."
"We are safe-guarding it for Dee. Right?"
"Aye."
"Where? How?"
Chapter 7

"An attic???? In the cottage?" 
Jay and I were looking at the ceiling between the bathroom and guest bedroom, more precisely at a wooden sectioned out area. 
"Yep." He reached up to a panel in the ceiling, pressed a section of the partition and a cable fell out swaying before us like a pendulum. He gave it a firm tug which caused the panel to slide open and a retractable stairs lowered smoothly to the ground. 
With the velvet cloth in hand I climbed up, following Jay. When my head reached above floor level I caught sight of a room that was breath-taking not only in its size, as it extended the entire surface of the house, but in its décor. The floor was covered entirely with white wooden lattes, as were the walls and ceiling of the slanted roof. A large sky-light illuminated the center and soft lamps hugged the shaded corners. 
At the far end of the room, an ornately decorated alter seemingly paying homage to some statue with a female form. Was this the Mother Goddess Rosie mentioned?  Floor to ceiling bookcases nestled in between cushioned alcoves held endless volumes of books. Their subjects, I couldn’t make out from where I stood, but I was certainly curious to peruse another time.
At the opposite end of the room in a veiled recess was a large four poster bed covered in white linens, a white semi-opaque veil masking the delicate details. Curiosity pushed me along until I pulled across the white voile and couldn’t help but touch the billowy softness. Jay stood at the end of the bed watching me closely.
"Isn’t it beautiful?" I said touching the silky softness of the duvet. "Why would Dee build this place?"
"’Tis her special room… but we shouldn’t delay." 
Ignoring his haste to leave, I asked "when would she sleep here?"
"On special occasions, or when she’d need to prepare for certain ceremonies."
"Have you ever slept here?" That came out wrong and my cheeks flushed, "like camping buddies I mean."
"Yer joking right?" He was standing beside me and staring down at me. "Of course not. Are ya mad?" he chuckled heartily.
"What’s so wrong with thinking you could have spent the night here? It’s beautiful and peaceful. Better than hanging out with Big Sally." I walked away from the recess and back to the center of the room.
"Haw-haw-haw. Very funny," he scowled while following me. "Only Dee comes here. ‘Tis full of her energy, purified by her spells. Tis not meant for others unless she wants them with her."
"Have you even been to one of her ceremonies?"
"Aye." 
I stopped in my tracks and turned to face him."Tell me more," I said deliberately standing close to him. His energy felt very different within the attic’s confines, not as highly charged, yet the need to touch him was strong. I felt like I had suddenly become the magnet and he the fridge. I rose up on my tips of my toes and he automatically lowered his head. I placed a lingering kiss on his cheek, "What happened?" I asked before moving across to the lobe of his ear and took it in my mouth. He gasped and with reason, I was acting possessed… by a….a nymphomaniac, especially given the fact that he wasn’t forthcoming about his love-life and I had no idea if he was involved casually, or otherwise. But all of that doubt held no importance here in this room, at this very moment. The energy of the room swirled around me, allowing me to forget all the worries of the world, compelling me to take what I wanted most. 
His voice rumbled low in his throat, "’Tis very hard to answer that Blaine when yer..yer…." 
My mouth descended to his neck, then back up to his mouth where I placed my tongue against his. His hands grabbed me pulling me hard against him. A second later he lifted my legs around his hips while my hands held his waist pressing it against me. His lips descended hungrily on my neck, his hands exploring under my blouse, locating my bra and snapping it open with expertise. The nipples on my full B size cups were firm and erect under his touch and a groan of pleasure escaped me as he pressed his hardness between my legs. We stumbled backwards against the alter which had the effect of throwing a bucket of cold water onto Jay. 
He jumped away, "we can’t do this." He was breathless but his desire was obvious through his jeans. "Not here." 
I nodded in assent, wondering what in the name of Ribena water had me behaving this way. I quickly fixed my clothes. After a silent, yet seemingly sincere prayer to the female statue, Jay had me place the cloth in a secret drawer in the alter. I offered up my own unspoken apology for carrying on so irreverently.
"Only Dee should come up here from this moment on," he instructed.
"No problem there" I agreed then made a bee-line to the exit with Jay following closely behind.
When we were back in the kitchen, the magnetic feel driving my behavior seemed to have remained in the attic and while he seemed eager to continue from where we were before the stumble, the moment, for me, was lost to the tension and doubts I had felt earlier. 
Noticing my lack of enthusiasm he pulled back and held my face gently between his hands. "I’m guessin’ ya’d prefer I stop maulin’ ya." 
I couldn’t help but smile. "I’m not sure what came over me up there, I was enjoying the mauling…" 
With a tender kiss on my lips he said "n’ere a worry Blaine. I’ll be here should ya’d like to be with me someday." I hugged him tightly, happy he understood. "I could make us dinner some night this week, if you’d like?" He continued casually. "I’m a one man dish -shepherd’s pie. I’d make it tonight only I have to be somewhere." 
For an instant I was curious about where he had to be, but then realized I had no right to ask, so I smiled "sounds good."
"Well alright then." He brushed my lips gently and walked away leaving me with a taste of him on my lips that was better than chocolate.
Later on that afternoon I decided to drive to the village to get some groceries. A few people stopped to talk but all of their conversations ended up being about the camp-site and when I’d enquire as to whom they thought had attacked me, the exchange ended politely. That evening, Jay stopped by the house just as I was checking on supper in the oven. "Feel like a bite of lasagna?" I proposed lightly without looking directly at him, "everything’s almost ready."
"Smells great, but I can’t stay." It was only then that I noticed how nicely dressed he was. The black shirt and classy black pants certainly emphasized how un-casual the venue was and though I tried not to think of him seeing somebody else – I failed.
"Oh right then" I quipped, my voice an octave too high. "Going out?" I was stating the obvious. 
His brows furrowed together as if my question had made him cross. "Somethin’ like that."
 The question hadn’t been invasive so I wondered what was irritating about asking something so simple. Maybe it was jealousy on my part, or the exhaustion, or being attacked, or even the cloak of mystery surrounding every last detail of life in Moynalty; whatever the reason I had reached a limit. Trying to get a straight answer from anyone, Jay included, was way too difficult in this town. Fallon didn’t even speak the same language but communication with him and his men seemed far easier.
"Sorry – I didn’t mean to pry." My tone was snippy. I just didn’t have the energy or patience anymore. "Right then…" it was with a tone of finality that I bade him good night …. "enjoy yourself." The stove’s timer rang signalling the lasagna was ready. I was glad for an excuse to turn away from his gaze which had settled on my lips.
"Get some sleep Blaine……..ya look like a zombie." 
"Dishin’out deh compliments agin are ya!" Patsy quipped as he appeared at the open door.
"Come on in Patsy" I called grumpily. "Supper’s just fresh out of the oven here."
"I’m off ta Limerick child, but ‘tis fierce good ‘ah ya ta think ‘oh me all deh same. I’ll n’ere stop now, so gud luck to yez both. ‘N Jay behave yerself tonigh’ wit’ tha’ gersha of yours. ‘Tis marryin’ hur ya should be ‘n not still courtin’ hur for God’s sake!"
When he was gone Jay stared at me but I just looked away. When he closed the door behind him I felt a sense of relief. Being alone was best when you wanted to do nothing only cry. Still I couldn’t help but dash to the window and peek outside. Careful to remain unseen I watched as he slipped on a sleek black jacket and got into his car. I returned to the kitchen, opened a recently purchased bottle of red plonk and poured myself a tall glass. With no solution to the lack of sleep, I decided to get it the natural way – through alcohol.
A sharp angry banging was coming from the kitchen. I wanted to go and investigate but was unable to move. My head was pounding, my throat was dry and a sense of nausea was steadily rising to my throat. The banging continued incessantly. I wondered what was going on, but made no attempt to move.
"BLAINE!!!." . The urgency in the voice made me bolt upright. I wished I hadn’t. The pain was excruciating. Someone was at the door. Stumbling to the kitchen I struggled to unbolt the lock. Jay put his hand through the broken pane trying to reach the deadbolt. 
"Pull open the bloody door now." He had practically growled the last word. 
Anger soared within me. If he felt locked out he could have woken me up a little bit more politely. I swung the door open and swallowed hard hoping I wouldn’t puke on the spot. He looked furious.
"Yer drunk???????!!!!!"
"Wrong!!!!!!!! I was drunk…now I’m just hung over" I scowled "What’s it to you anyway."
"Get out to the shed now – Nula’s been in labor all evenin’."
"Oh" was all I managed to say before he turned away and headed towards the hedged arch. I grabbed a coat, threw on my wellies and ran after him.
Nula was in a terrible state. The cow lay prostrate on the hay under an infra-red lamp, her breathing erratic, her tail bloodied. Every so often she would bellow in pain. Jay said she had been trying to calf for some time and was exhausted.
"What can I do?" my voice came out shrill. 
Despite the anger he felt he began explaining what was happening. "The calf is breach. We need to get it out."
"I’ll call the vet immediately."
"Already done!! He’ll not be here in time - this has to be done now!!"
"How?"
"Get a bucket o’ warm soapy water ‘n a rope. We’ll pull it out feet first." 
I knew nothing about veterinarian medicine, nor birthing cows, nor human deliveries, but common sense told me that getting a calf or a baby out legs first–or hooves in this case – was dangerous to both cow and calf. "They could die?"
"’N they probably will anyway." 
I felt I was in a nightmare and cursed myself for drinking, for not writing down the vet’s phone number, for not checking on Nula.
When I returned with the soap and water, Jay reached into a box and retrieved four plastic items. He passed two to me and I watched as he unfolded them. They were shoulder length gloves and he put his on with lightning speed. I copied him but was a tad slower. He placed some of the wet soapy water inside the cow and on the rope.
"I’ll hold down her back hooves while ya’ll slowly insert yer arm ‘n tell me what ya feel first."
"I feel I’m going to puke."
"Blaine.." he said staring into my eyes "focus here okay!!!! Now do as I say"
"What if I hurt her, or the calf?"
"Please" he implored "we’re wastin’ precious time." 
As my hand slowly went up the birth canal I retched loudly.
"Focus."
"Okay…..okay ….I’m focusing." my arm was in very far.
"So tell me what ya can feel?" 
The tail was near my hand. "The back legs are nearest the opening."
"Are any of ‘em bent?" 
I rooted a little more. "Both are straight."
"Good! Now I want ya to take this loop of rope ‘n place it ‘round both of those legs. Ya’ll need to cover the hoofs with your hand ‘n I’ll slowly begin to pull it along the canal. Can ya do that?" I was about to answer but a voice suddenly screamed in my head "Get him out!!!! Get him out now!!!!!! He can’t breathe!!!!!!!!!" I jumped with the fright and looked around but could see nothing.
"Blaine!!!!!!" Jay snapped "concentrate!!!!!." 
I couldn’t tell him what I was hearing, so ignoring the screaming as best I could I removed my hand from the cow took the rope then inserted it again. Get him out!!!! Get him out now!!!!!! He can’t breathe!!!!!!!!! It took several tries but I managed to wrap together both hooves. "They’re tied" I said.
"No need ta shout. ‘Tis Okay. Now I’ll be pullin’ it out in a straight then downward position. Got it?" 
He can’t breathe……… Get him out now!!!!!! "Hurry, please" I implored. The screaming was becoming more urgent. There’s no time left, he’s dying…he can’t breathe……… Get him out now!!!!!!
"Oh now yer tellin’me to hurry?" 
I kept one hand over the hooves and felt the first pull Jay gave move them forward towards me. "It’s working!!" 
Jay continued to pull for what felt like eternity but it wasn’t that long until finally the calf oozed out onto the warm hay. Immediately he went to work on what appeared to be an already dead calf, cleaning out its mouth and making sure it could breathe. It took several attempts but Nula managed to stand up, somewhat unsteadily, in preparation to feed her calf. I made sure she had plenty of hay and water while Jay continued to clean the mouth. 
Nuala leaned over her calf. He can’t breathe……… help him…help him now…… now!!!!!! I knelt beside the new-born and watched as Jay cut the umbilical cord and removed mucus like tissue from its mouth. He pressed lightly on its chest hoping to get it breathing again then stopped. Tears rolled down my cheeks.
"It’s not breathing." Nula’s muzzle approached my ear and the screaming got worse Clear his throat, Clear his throat…… Clear his throat…NOW!!!
"He’s dead" Jay said nodding his head in defeat.
"NO!!!!!" I exclaimed. "He can’t be!" 
He flung a fistful of hay to the ground. "Lack of fuckin breath usually says ya’re dead that’s the fuckin’ basics of life!!!!!!!!!" 
I could feel the blame hurtling towards me. He was telling me that the calf died because I failed to check on Nula. Clear his throat!!!!!Clear his throat!!!!!!!!!!!!Clear his throat…NOW!!! I sobbed.
"Did you clear the throat out properly?"
"Of course I did."
"Are you sure?"
"For fuck sake Blaine!!!!!!! I know what I’m doin’ because I don’t spend my whole fuckin’ day sleeping under a tree or boozed up to the fuckin’ gills!!!!!!!" 
CLEAR HIS THROAT NOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!! I grabbed the calf’s mouth, pulled it open and reached deep into its throat pulling out a massive plug of mucus. Immediately the calf began to sputter life and breathe. Thank you, thank you, thank you Blaine. 
I had no idea why I heard that voice or where it came from. I could feel Jay’s angry gaze boring through me, but I would not meet his eyes. I turned away as the calf stood in wobbly fashion before making its way to Nula for some much needed colostrum. I removed the gloves, dried my hands and stood up unable to stop the flow of tears.
Back at the cottage I let the hot water run over me trying to wash away feeling the lowest of the low for having been so negligent towards that poor animal. I’d never have been so careless and covered my face in shame. No more putting it off - I was going to have to leave.
I got dressed and made my way to the kitchen. My head throbbed and the pull of the tree was incessant. I looked out at Cherrymount Hill and decided being there was a hell of a lot better than being here. Reality wasn’t something I felt strong enough to face right now. With wet hair, bare feet and wearing only a t-shirt and jeans, I shoved the dagger into the back of my pants, opened the door and came face to face with Jay. 
His eyes widened."Ya’re thinkin’of goin’ to that shaggin’ tree again, aren’t ya!!!"
"I’m not thinking about it" I sobbed while pushing past him, "I’m doing it Jay!! You’re going around like you have some say in my life. Well you don’t, so just leave me be." 
With an agonized expression he balled his fists tight and cried "That’s just it Blaine - I can’t leave ya be!!" 
Silence hung in the air -neither one wanting to speak first.
"I’m not sure your girlfriend would be glad to hear that." 
In no time I was under the branches, the morphine-like euphoria and warmth washed away so many layers of pain and exhaustion making me feel, light, happy and renewed. I closed my eyes knowing sleep would claim me within seconds and I didn’t care if I dreamt of the warrior as long as Jay was no longer in my thoughts. 
If I dreamt, even for a short time, I couldn’t remember – all I knew was the blissful feeling of nothingness until the descent began. The cold contact of the stone slab was always such a contrast to the toasty warmth of the foliage and I quickly raised myself up and stepped down onto the ground.
"Fallon?" I called out in a loud whisper. His hand covered mine momentarily startling me. I turned to face him and found myself looking into ocean blue eyes and a wide smile.
"Blaine" he whispered lifting me off the ground. He looked ecstatic and I couldn’t help but laugh. When he lowered me to the ground I held onto him as if my life depended on it. There was something soothing in having his strong arms around me and he held me tight unquestioningly until I was able to let go. 
We walked to the same clearing and just as before the thick arm came down through the opening. Fallon ascended first then pulled me up to him. There was only one man accompanying him this time and Fallon said something which must have been "depart" because he rode away leaving us alone. 
His horse stood in wait and he mounted first before pulling me up behind him. It was early morning and the weather felt chillier, much chillier than on the farm. I couldn’t help shivering and cursing myself for not dressing more warmly. He pulled the massive cape from his shoulders and wrapped it around me. The extra layer helped, as did placing my arms around his waist, but I regretted not having anything to cover my feet.
We rode through the forest for a short time then dismounted in a wide clearing. Fallon tied his horse to a nearby tree then unsheathed his dagger and approached me.
"Blaine Kemedhe."
"Ah not this crap again!" When the knife sailed an inch from my arm and landed in the tree behind me I knew he was serious. "I don’t know how to feckin Kemedhe!" He pulled another knife and fired it in my direction. My hand fisted my hip. "Listen you mad thing, stop throwing knives at me. This is not a circus you know!!!" 
When he charged toward me I dodged him at the last minute and ran away but with a few of his massive long strides he had caught up and knocked me to the ground. I lay panting on my back after having the wind knocked out of me, but he didn’t relent for a second. I was hauled up and handed a small bronze shield.
"Forsaint" he said lifting the shield to block my upper body. He lightly threw a small rock at the shield and repeated "forsaint". 
Realizing this fighting session was not going to end until I practiced, I held up the shield to show I understood.
Fallon is a strong man so the rocks he thought he was hurtling gently actually felt like boulders pounding me. As if that wasn’t enough he would intersperse the shots with the odd dagger or two. Still it helped me vent all my frustrations, helped me forget my inadequacies and failures, made me feel less of a doormat. This went on for at least two hours until I fell over exhausted.
"Enough!!"
"Enough" he repeated phonetically. It came out like eeenufff.
After mounting his horse we rode for almost an hour before we stopped near a large pond partially covered in mist. Fallon descended with a low vault then went to pull me down when his hand touched my frozen foot. A frown crossed his face before setting me on the cold wet grass. 
I followed him down by the water’s edge where he put his hand in then smiled. I tested it myself. The water felt glorious –just like a modern bath. I wondered what a hot spring was doing out here in the middle of nowhere. Fallon raised both hands toward the sky and began speaking aloud. It must have been some sort of prayer or ritual, but I didn’t wait to find out as I was desperate for heat. All that fighting had gotten me sweaty and then the ride here had me shivering again. Throwing off his cloak, I quickly removed my blouse and jeans, causing Fallon to bolt towards me where he took the cloak and tried to hide my underwear. Ignoring the gesture, I waded into the pond immersing myself in the magnificent heat and swimming about in the giant heated pool. 
Fallon did not look happy and beckoned me to join him. He pointed to something behind me, but I couldn’t make out what he meant. I pushed further out disappearing into the mist. He kept calling me back and threw out a long piece of rope but the water felt warmer the further away I swam. I just needed a little more heat before turning back. 
It took a while, but as soon as I was toasty and warm, I swam back through the mist, except I couldn’t find the bank where Fallon waited. Thick steam rising up off the pond was all there was to be seen. I continued to search, reassuring myself I was on the right path, but the vapour never cleared, if anything it seemed to thicken. I called out to Fallon, but heard nothing, so I swam back to where I was sure I entered the water and yelled for him. My shouts disappeared into thin air. 
The haze seemed to morph into a strange slow moving funnel-shape encircling me deeper into its center where the cries and screams of many people called for help. The voices were those of women begging to be saved. Their pain seemed to cling to my skin and I could feel a scream rising in my throat. A voice in my head warned me to be silent. That voice sounded like Rosie. 
I grasped her crystal which hung around my neck and raised it high above me. Beams of light shone in all directions, the opaque cloud disappeared and I moved forward until I felt earth and grass beneath my hands. I was breathless and all fours on the ground. It was night time. Something was terribly wrong because it had been midday or even early afternoon when I got into the water no more than thirty minutes ago. 
My surroundings looked like the forest where I had been with Fallon, but I had no idea what direction to take. Going back into the water was not an option. Freaky things happened there, like day turning to night all of a sudden and I probably wouldn’t get out again for weeks, or at all. 
If I had felt cold before bathing in the hot spring, I was shaking violently now. Being dressed in nothing more than my bra and panties provided no protection against the cold. I tried to call for Fallon but my voice came out as a whisper. I was shivering too much to articulate, besides, something inside told me to persevere what energy I had.
How long I walked for and in what direction I have no idea, but at one point I was just so numb with the cold it was simply impossible to go on. I felt so sleepy and knew that if I could just lie down for a while I would be fine. But first I needed to brew some of Rosie’s tea.
Officer Poplovski wouldn’t arrest me again if the tea was ready. I should have told Luca that it was Bernice who emptied his bank account, not me. But he seemed to have believed it was my signature on the withdrawal form. I knew he’d tell Jay’s girlfriend to post off my two boxes of clothes to share with Mat and Nat. I’m sure they’d appreciate the pink feather boa scarf. I felt some fluffy feathers under my feet and curled myself up right on top of it then closed my eyes. A little bit of sleep and all would be well. A deep blissful darkness fell on me as warmth snaked through my veins. I knew I was cradled in the arms of the Willow tree. The tree spirit had somehow found me and sent glorious heat radiating from the tips of my toes to the top of my nose. I smiled widely feeling a depth of gratitude that the icy air no longer consumed me. The Willow tree had kept me warm. Either that or I was dead.
There was a strange sound like the wind blowing, but it wasn’t billowing and erratic as the wind often is, it was a constant hum that seemed intent on dragging me from what was a wonderful sleep. It continued on until I realized it was a man’s voice disturbing the peaceful space under the willow tree.
"How did this happen?" a voice spoke sternly, urgently.
"No idea……I’ve no idea." 
That was Jay who had responded but there was a terrible note of panic in his voice. What was he doing in my forest? And where was Fallon?
"Do you know her?"
"…aye since she was a child."
"Notify her family." 
With no desire to wake up I fell back to sleep just as the man said "Brendan call ahead– tell them unresponsive female. No radial pulse." 
My eyes opened and immediately shut again at the blinding light above me.
"The light" I mumbled. I didn’t know where I was but it felt like there was a heat wave outside. The light was lowered to a dim glow allowing me to open my eyes. Blurry shapes before me finally cleared and I was able to focus on Rosie’s kind face looking onto mine. She patted my hand lightly "thank the Goddess for bringing you back."
"Bach?" My brain felt full of cotton wool and my mouth felt there was a large mound of gum fighting for oral control, "from where?"
"You passed over for a little while."
"Wha’s…..?"
"You left us." Rosie said softly.
"Why... did….?" I didn’t like not having a clear grasp on things. "Did… I call?... Or write?" I was wondering why that made her smile. "You look awful Rosie – are you okay?"
"Child, I’m fine. I’m not the one in hospital." 
My eyes roamed around the room for the first time. Pale blue walls, a shower curtain which served as a screen, an intravenous drip plugged into my wrist, plus I was fairly certain I had nothing on under the blankets – yep I was in a hospital. "How did.. I get here?" 
In true Rosie form she didn’t answer my question. "There are a few people outside who want to say hello, but they’re only allowed in one at a time and they cannot stay for more than a few minutes."
"Who..?" 
Rosie took my curiosity as a green light to send people in. Connie peered her head around the door and approached the bed. She seemed so sad.
"Everything okay?" I asked groggily. "James? The kids?" 
She laughed and sobbed at the same time. "Blaine…." Her head shook as if what I was saying was nonsense. 
I was feeling worn out and just wanted to sleep but had to ask "what? Tell me.."
"Nothing" she sniffed. "We just all got a really big scare - you know because you were… well… you were dead."
"Dead?" I frowned. "I only fell asleep. I don’t get it."
"No breath, no pulse – dead! Well as close to death as they come. You even got the last rites."
"What happened…?" My question surprised her.
"You don’t remember anything?"
"No."
"It was hypothermia. The doctors say your body temperature went to the lowest they’ve ever seen. Only that the doctor in the emergency room mountain climbs as a hobby and recognized you were what he said was "warm dead" you’d have gone straight to the morgue." Her hand took mine and held it for a long moment. "Jay found you unconscious under a tree on the farm in your feckin undies." She looked at me with what I could clearly see was pity and fear. "Can you remember why you went there – dressed like that?" 
I was saved from answering when Rosie walked in and beckoned Connie to leave.
"We’ll talk later" she promised softly as she stood. "For now, rest – you have an irregular heartbeat."
 Before I had a chance to ask Rosie for more information Jay stepped gingerly into the room approaching the bed hesitantly. I immediately smelt his spicy cologne and kissing him felt like the only thing I should do even if I was feeling weak as water.  If he were food he’d be a champagne truffle from that insanely talented Chocolatier on Clarendon Street in Boston. I must not eat a chocolate Jay. I must not eat a chocolate Jay.
"You’re cheeks are pink," he said sitting on the edge of the bed, observing my face until our eyes locked, "much better color on you than deathly white." 
My stomach tensed up. The truth be told I felt ashamed and embarrassed for having caused some good people a whole lot of trouble. Even if I didn’t deliberately set out to get so cold, or dead, I felt childish and stupid for ending up in hospital. Explaining that all I really wanted to do was sleep seemed a moot point. I looked down to see an aluminium blanket over me with hot air being pumped through it."I feel like one of Iris’ turkeys." 
He nodded without smiling and the silence hung between us. His eyes held dark circles of fatigue and I wondered was anyone helping out on the farm. His hand lightly touched my fingers sending soft tingles to my heart.
"Jay, I owe you my life." 
His jaw clenched tightly. "I thought ya were a gonner. I went to that tree so many times but ya weren’t there. I searched other fields and places but kept returning to the tree. When I did eventually find ya," he cleared his throat, "ya were a block of ice – not even a heartbeat – and then we got ya here to Navan Hospital." 
That felt like the extremely edited version. "I’m sorry – I can’t explain what happened. I just wanted to sleep – I desperately needed sleep - like someone needing a banned substance."
"Well t’wouldn’t be the first time the tree had that effect on someone." 
"Really? " My curiosity was piqued. "Did the same thing happen to you?"
"Patsy’s son. Same pattern it seems. It gives ya what ya need most and changes ya slowly…… like magic. At first it’s grand, ya may get a lovely hairdo out of it, or a beautiful flower, but next thing ya know yer clinically dead or serving a jail sentence."
"Have you ever fallen asleep under the tree?"
"Arrah, I tried but it doesn’t work for me."
"How come?"
"Not sure, but I have a few ideas."
"What are they?"
"I’ll get back to them later. I need to know what happens to ya when you fall asleep?"
"I’ll get back to that later. Tell me about Patsy’s son." 
A quick smile curved the corners of his lips. "I told ya what I know. He spent day and night under that tree. Started changing…."
"How?" I interrupted.
"For a young fella who never wanted to pick up a book, he never put them down. Mind ya, it made Patsy happy…...at least in the beginning. Then there was the strange jewellery –swirly bracelety yolks – he even had that same design tattooed on his arms. The strangest though was the language he learned…..or maybe he was speakin’ in tongues."
"He learned……a different language?" I squeaked.
"No one could make out a word he was saying anyway."
"What put him in jail?"
"He was caught tryin’ to rob something."
"What was he trying to rob?"
"Never got to find out. He had some fella helpin’ him and they got into an argument. Yer man pulled a gun on Patsy’s son, who then tried to defend himself and the other fella got injured. They were sent to court and he’s serving three years for bodily harm."
"What did the other fella get?"
"Fifteen years for attempted murder."
"How much time has Patsy’s son served?"
"Over half. But they’re supposed to be lettin’ him out in a couple of months' time for good behavior."
I could see his point of view that I was changing too but did not say as much.
"I cannot bear to see ya like this, Blaine."
"This was just an accident, so don’t be thinkin like that."
"Blaine, yer all I seem to think about." 
My cheeks went bright red and it had nothing to do with cooked turkeys. Still he hadn’t told me he had a girlfriend and that was as much a mystery as ever. "Jay…you’re not…..." He went to say something, explain maybe, but I cut him off with another question. "Does Iris know I’m here?"
"Rosie called her. She stopped by for a few minutes then returned to Dee." I nodded unable to say anymore. He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine. "She doesn’t deserve ya as a daughter."
"Iris is complex" I said hoping the subject and his closeness would end there. I didn’t have the strength to resist him. 
He glanced over his shoulder before speaking. "I’ve told the doctors ya sleep walk. I had to find some way to explain what happened." He stood at the end of the bed. "One thing is for sure, ye’re never going back to that tree again. I’m havin’ it cut down next week."
The remainder of my days spent in the hospital were fraught with anxiety over the tree being cut down, about losing contact with Fallon, but most especially about why I had been left at the pond. A deep sadness had fallen over me and I felt listless towards life in general. Mostly, I wondered if Fallon had known the pond was freaky and could make you get lost. I preferred to think he had searched for me rather than believe I had been abandoned. Still I wondered who had brought me back to the tree. Fallon and his men were the only ones who knew the way. I kept these thoughts close to my heart refusing to share them with anyone, although I would have told Alex, but he was in Majorca with Keith and was unaware of this whole episode.
Jay visited every evening between seven and nine. I knew this took much planning on his part, but whenever I’d tell him there was no need to come by he’d smile and say he had business in the area. The two hours spent with him were the most enjoyable of my entire day and I found myself looking forward to seeing him. The Willow tree was the elephant in the room that was never discussed.
On the day I was to be released from hospital, fourteen days after being brought to the emergency, Jay spent the morning playing cards with me to pass the time until the doctor gave me the all clear. My heartbeat was still irregular, so limitations were read out to me like the Ten Commandments and future appointments were made with a specialist in Dublin. I thanked all the hospital staff for their care and left laden with balloons, soft toys and flowers.
When we parked in the driveway back at the cottage I immediately felt the pull of the Willow tree and a sense of dread crept over me. Although I could not see it, I was still strongly connected to what was surely just a stump. But something was different. There was desperation in the energy, as if time was of the essence. Maybe it was my imagination but its tow seemed to have gained force and resisting it would be next to impossible. Jay had perhaps intended on cutting it down but I knew for sure he had not succeeded in cutting its presence.
Inside Rosie, Connie and Cathal had prepared lunch and were busy mulling about making sure everyone had enough to eat. My eyes travelled to the table and it was fairly clear nobody would go hungry. A massive bouquet of flowers from Dee’s garden acted as a colorful centrepiece and the sun shone onto it as if to put its beauty in the limelight. I couldn’t help but smile at how happy I felt to have these wonderful people in my life. Somehow, I felt like I was home, and that for me, was a first. When Alex and Keith appeared in the kitchen I burst out laughing thinking this was like something from "This Is Your Life." Hugs and kisses were exchanged and a little celebration was had.
A couple of hours later Alex and I found some time alone while Jay milked the cows, Keith went to the village for some wine. Rosie, Cathal and Connie left for their respective abodes. I was grateful for the opportunity to tell Alex everything that happened over the past few weeks. They had had been in Majorca, but then decided to island-hop around Greece and only learned of the incident when he got back.
"And the Willow tree" he asked. "Is she still standing?" 
I explained that Rosie had taken me aside during today’s lunch and said Jay tried hard to knock it down, but after breaking two chainsaws and three hatchets he gave up and brought in a massive chain and a tractor. The chain broke and the bulldozer’s motor shut down so he decided other forces were at work and he had backed off.
When Alex was finally up to date on the twilight zone that was my life, he exhaled a long breath and said "this is some scary shit Honnaychild! Jay be right, dat tree messin’ you up gurl."
"But it’s not like I can ignore its pull! It’s pretty hard to resist."
"Well all aye’s sayin gurl is that tree be doin you no favors. Y’all like the walkin dead right now." 
Alex and I didn’t get a chance to discuss the tree any further as Keith returned with some plonk for them, tea for me, and the three of us chatted away until signs of my fatigue had them heading back to Dublin. I offered them to sleep over but Keith had an early morning appointment for a certain prominent client and would have had to leave at the crack of dawn to be at the salon on time. 
As soon as their car pulled out of the driveway, Jay came into the kitchen seemingly from the shadows. "Ya’ve had a long day."
"You too." He looked exhausted.
"N’ere a bit." 
I wasn’t convinced.
"Would ya mind if I stayed in the spare room tonight?" 
I knew he wasn’t free. Still, the thoughts of no longer having him close, of no longer sharing simple everyday moments together was something I could no longer live without. "Of course!" I smiled "it’s yours for as long as I’m needed here." 
His hand took mine and he raised it to his lips, "’till Dee do us part then." 
My knees went wobbly and it wasn’t from exhaustion.
The next day after the first milking Jay carried a small bag of belongings – the same bag which had lead to the vase wielding event- into the spare room. I cleared out some products in the bathroom cabinet to make space for his shaving stuff then let him know about the available space. He was placing crisply ironed items in the chest of drawers to the right of the entrance and his signature spicy cologne wafted over to me. Having him in close proximity was going to be like having twenty four hour access to a fountain of decadent chocolate. Resistance would be difficult, if not futile. 
It took all of five minutes for him to unpack then with a quick nod and a rushed "I better get a move on" he headed out to continue his day. I followed him out the door to take up my own tasks when he wheeled around and held up a palm.
"Hold up there a second! Where do ya think yer going?" His tone was similar to a warden questioning an escaping prisoner.
"Getting back to my chores. Why?" I responded feeling guilty for some obscure reason.
"Why?" he parroted incredulously. "Because ya only came out of hospital yesterday! That’s why! No way are ya doin’ any work on this farm until yer fully recovered."
"Jay, I’m capable of determining what my physical abilities are."
"Ya heard what the heart doctor said" he interjected, "nothin’ strenuous. ‘N the last time I checked farm work isn’t like watching the grass grow." 
I knew, and he could obviously see, that my energy level was lower than the bottom of the barrel but I ascribed to the school of "getting right back in the saddle after a fall" and would not bow out of what was my share of the work. I fisted a hand to my hip. "Look, I can right-out lie to you and say I’ll be checking grass blades from a deck chair for the next few weeks, or I can be open, truthful and adult-like, knowing you trust me to do what I can given the circumstances." 
His lips pressed tightly together while passing a hand through his hair. Whatever he had imagined as standard post-hospitalization behavior was not fitting in to the reality of the situation, but that was something he was going to have to deal with. I mean, I would be forever indebted to him for saving my life, but that did not give him any say over how I lived it. After a moment he seemed to come to the same conclusion and grumbled "well don’t overdo it." 
I nodded and without preamble set out to accomplish what I could, which ended up not being much, but at least it was a start.
As the days passed I grew stronger and managed to start making quantities of jam in Jay’s presence, which kept Rosie happy, and put a little extra money back into the farm and some into my slim wallet. 
A kind of routine formed where, after the day was done, Jay and I would make supper then sit together by the fire and watch television or read. He never went out to the pub or wherever else he used to wander off to before, which made me wonder on the status of the so-called girlfriend. If there had been a woman on the side lines she was either out of the picture or ready to wait. 
While the romantic part of my brain wanted to believe he loved me enough to forsake all others, the logical part suspected I was under surveillance should I be tempted to trot off to the Willow tree. He didn’t notice that the Willow tree never ceased to summon me nor that I never stopped fighting the tug it had on my being. Another impaired or suspicious part of me thought Jay was making sure Dee had a farm to come home to. After all she had left her life’s possessions to a possible mentally unstable woman who disappeared regularly only to show up hours or days later confused or clinically dead. I shuddered to think how Jay would react if he knew I had conversations with warrior men living under a tree. I suppose I’d be in a straight-jacket and a padded cell before I could say St-Camilla’s. 
Domesticated, best described the settled way things had become between us and I had to admit the harshness that I had seen in Jay when I first arrived was nothing but a distant memory. Perhaps he had never been that severe and I was just overly sensitive, or maybe we were just getting to know each other better. There was no touching, kissing or hugging, but we seemed to gravitate around one another. Yet the deliberate lack of touch was abnormal. 
Occasionally, we did accidentally collide, which produced a strange reaction or state of tension where Jay would freeze for a second then move away, his jaw clenching tightly. Those moments made me sad like he was avoiding me because I was diseased. In those instants I felt like donning a sheet and calling out "unclean, unclean." My reaction to his aloofness was not to ask him what the problem was, as that was obvious enough, but to quietly distance myself from him – in other words flee the problem, just as I did every single time things got rough for me. I’d call Connie or Rosie under the guise of social interest and pop by for tea and a chat. 
Rosie kept me updated with Dee’s progress and, as of last week, she had been transferred from St-Camilla’s to a convalescence home, as she was slowly improving. Iris still had total control for the moment, but that, according to Rosie wasn’t going to last much longer. If the hurting I felt with Jay was too much I’d simply walk away and end up at the only place open -the village pub. I was still on heart meds so I didn’t drink anything stronger than a coke, but I’d meet Cathal or other acquaintances and spend the evening chatting with them convincing myself everything was just fine. When I’d leave, Jay would be waiting by Dee’s car ready to drive me home, ignoring my protests of being well-able to transport myself around the place thank you very much. 
And so things remained in a sort of no man’s land for weeks until the day I dashed out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel. At that very moment, Jay had been heading to his room and our collision made us stop dead in our tracks, our eyes locking in the curiosity of the moment, a moment of no escape. The corridor was narrow so someone would have to move to one side if the other was going to pass, as it was neither one moved. Jay was looking at me like a bear who had just found a honey jar and I could not help but ogle the naked torso before me. 
As if in slow motion, he stepped in close to me, his strong arm reaching across to the tip of the towel tucked into my chest. He reached in, flipped it out of its position until the terry cloth fell around my feet. I tried to ignore memories of Luca’s disappointment in my breast size. His hand slipped around my waist, his eyes fixing my breasts hungrily just before he leaned in and kissed my lips. His tongue slid into my mouth and I met it with mine. I pulled away from his mouth, my hands working the buckle of his belt, then the button and zip of his pants and pulled them over his bulging erection. I gazed upon his beautiful body. He went to remove Rosie’s crystal but I silently held onto it and when he slid it around my back I guess he had no objection. I felt his hand cup my breast then hold it to his mouth and I groaned breathlessly as his tongue sent electric bolts to my center. His shaft was hard as it pressed against me and I could feel the wetness grow between my legs. I placed my arms around his neck and he lifted my legs around his groin as he carried me into his bedroom, where we fell lustfully into the soft folds of the duvet.
He reached across to the blinds offering us some privacy, that’s when his eye caught the swirling ink on my buttock.
"Luca?" 
My face reddened at the shame. "translates to - mistake."
"You sure?"
"Positive."
"That’s all there is to that then." 
He towered over me. Large broad shoulders, sat above a tight abdomen which led to narrow hips and a large hard penis. He licked his fingers copiously before caressing my nub. He entered my shaft and a moan of delight escaped my lips as my legs spread open in pleasure. He continued to move his finger in and out, his tongue sucking my nipple until I thought I’d scream with gratification. I felt it, I was quickly losing control. If he kept this up I would orgasm and we had barely even started. 
My hands grabbed the sheets. He was bringing me closer and closer to climaxing but I wanted him inside me. Removing his hand, I raised myself upright while pressing his back onto the bed then straddled him. I held his erection and guided him to my entrance before lowering myself onto him until he was fully inside me. His hands massaged my breasts as I moved my hips against him. When the rhythm of my hips began to move faster and faster he rolled me on my back and began thrusting with such passion I thought my legs were no longer part of my body. 
Sweat covered us, it was hard to breathe I never wanted this to end. He plunged in and out harder and faster, my breasts bounced up and down under his vigorous thrusts "don’t stop……I’m…..I’m….." I momentarily stopped breathing then moaned loudly as he brought me to a core-shattering orgasm the likes of which I had never experienced before. His thrusting increased even more rapidly, his groaning guttural, savage-like then a loud squack filled the air. 
I stopped dead at the noise. My hand ceased to caress his upper back. Something was changing, was soft, something that wasn’t skin. My eyes shot open and widened in horror a second before I screamed at the top of my lungs. I was holding a monstrous raven. Pushing the massive feathered bird from on top of me I bolted off the bed darting for the door when his hand grabbed mine.
"Hey, hey, Jaysus Almighty Blaine what’s wrong?" 
Glancing over my shoulder in terror I saw he was Jay again and stopped, but pulled my hand from his like it was diseased.
"What the fuck are you?" I cried. My heart spasmed with pain. 
He stopped dead. "What am I?", his tone was incredulous. "What am I?" His hands dropped by his sides, "I’m….I’m at a loss, that’s what I am. What just happened? Did I hurt ya? Or do something ya didn’t like? Because if I did I’m really sorry – I meant no harm on ya" He stepped close to me, his tone soft. "I’d never hurt ya in any way Blaine." 
I stepped back holding my hand to my chest, a full-fledged panic attack surged within me. I was having a melt-down. It had to be that because I know what I saw and felt in my arms and that was a goddamn giant raven. Still if I was hallucinating to that extent then I must be having a nervous breakdown. I mean I was visiting warriors under a tree so this must be a progression of my madness. Maybe I had been mentally unwell for months, since Boston even and Iris put me here to heal or to hide me away. Whatever was happening to me, I couldn’t be with Jay again, not like this. My mind couldn’t handle it."I have to get dressed" I said registering the painful look on his face before I headed to the bathroom. 
I paced in front of Rosie’s cottage desperate for her to let me in. When she finally peered around the front door I pushed through without waiting for an invitation.
"Come in child" she said sardonically. "I wasn’t sound asleep at two in the morning at all."
"Rosie, I’m sorry to barge in so late, but I have nowhere else to turn and I’ve tried to rationalize this, or at least handle it, but I can’t get my mind around it and I’ve been having very bad panic attacks like my brain is on fire and I really think I may be gone mad, but I don’t know if I have, or maybe everyone knows I am already loopy except me and I’ve heard that happens to people who’ve lost their mind but never get the memo and…"
"You’re rambling" Rosie interrupted in a more compassionate tone than I was used to. "Come into the kitchen and I’ll make us a cup of herbal tea".
"Okay – but no wax torture!" 
After imbibing two mugs of what Rosie called Moon Elixir I could breathe normally for the first time since making love to Jay twelve hours earlier. I didn’t tell her anything about the sex, wonderful as that moment was until I hugged a raven. I just managed to ask Rosie if she thought I was insane or partially insane then hid my face and burst into sobs once the question was out there. When I felt her soft hand take mine I glanced at her through rheumy eyes and saw a warm smile, and an expression of understanding.
"There isn’t anything wrong with you leanbh. It’s important for you to believe that in order to accept what is happening."
"What is happening to me? I need to know because….. I’m really, really scared."
"I don’t have definitive answers and this is not my journey, but yours. Still, I would guess that you seem to have made a connection of sorts to elements in this universe that may not be what we consider is in our present time, but which appear real to you none the less." 
That would certainly explain the Fallon thing but how could it tie in with Jay the Jackdaw. "Would this connection feel real?"
"Again I’m guessing, but I don’t see why not. If here and now feels real, why not another dimension?"
"But is it real?"
"Do you remember that day when I read your hand at the market?"
"Yes, you told me I visit two times."
"Exactly! Time is blurred for you right now and when that happens, distortions can occur. These distortions can be revealing even if they may scare you, so try and stay open to the message they send. It is a very special gift you have there."
"A gift?" I scoffed, "feels more like a curse." 
Rosie’s sharp eyes peered over her frameless glasses. "If you were cursed child, that crystal you’re wearing would have smashed into a thousand pieces."
"It would?"
"In a heartbeat."
"But why is this happening?" I asked absently reaching inside my black t-shirt to retrieve the crystal.
"Ah! That I cannot say." Rosie’s eyes flew to the pendant then widened for a moment before her lips broke into a brief smile. "But..." she said holding up the now garnet coloured stone which made me gape in utter disbelief ".......you are deeply involved in whatever is happening."
"I never asked to be involved in anything" panic was rising once more in my chest. "I don’t want this. I want out, to be away from the weirdness....the..everything." 
With a tsk-tsk of pity, Rosie took both my hands in hers, closed her eyes, her mouth pronouncing words I could not hear. Fixed on her moving mouth I felt a trickle of warm soothing oil slide down from the tip of my skull. The further it travelled the larger it became until I felt awash in a body balm of emotional balance and strength. She was sending comfort to my frazzled mind. And it worked. The salve brought relief, made me realize I could cope, mentally. And what’s more I could see I wasn’t mad. 
"Wow! Rosie I don’t know what you just did but...that was amazing. I feel well. Better than well: normal. I had convinced myself Iris hid me away on the farm because she thought I was messed-up!"
"If anyone is messed-up, it’s her, but you didn’t hear that from me. She sent you to the farm alright, but it was more to protect her own interests than anything else."
"Really?" Iris loathed the cottage, Moynalty and anything that took her outside her precious capital. "What could possibly be of interest to my mother? It’s just a farm!"
"Well" she said stifling a yawn, "that’s something to think about at another time."
"Of course Rosie", I said and we both rose from the table. "I’m so sorry to have gotten you up." As she waved off my apology I reached out and hugged her tightly. "Thank you. From the bottom of my heart thank you." 
Her hands patted my back. "For nothing "leanbh"." 
Rosie sent me home with a large portion of Moon Elixir tea and a prescription to drink only this for the next week, both day and night. It was nearly four when I fell into bed and in no time I was asleep.
An hour later I walked sheepishly into the dairy barn to help out with the milking. Jay seemed relieved to see me, yet asked me if I was okay like a man dismantling a bomb. When I told him I was fine thanks, he let out a breath of relief. He had cut the blue wire and nothing exploded. I felt sorry for freaking out on him, but at the same time I was never going to be intimate with him again. I struggled with that as a part of me wanted to hug him tightly, but fear of seeing something other than him made me distant. He got the message and gave me my space. 
Later that afternoon while Jay was elsewhere on the farm, I popped fresh salmon into the oven for a fettuccine Alfredo variant then decided to clean up around the house. I had thrown on a sun dress and started by hovering out Jay’s room. I had never ventured into his room since he moved in mainly because he was capable of cleaning out his own space but also because if I had seen him in there with his gorgeousness and spicy freshness I might have a chocolate Felini fountain scenario on my hands. Or maybe I suspected I’d find feathers. That quelled whatever passion I felt. 
The place was exceptionally tidy, which kind of surprised me, though I don’t know why. He was very clean and went about his tasks in an orderly, methodical fashion. Still, I was convinced dust bunnies were creating colonies under the bed so I lifted up the covers to quickly check for non vacuumable items when I spotted it. There was no mistaking the material.
 Dropping the handle of the hoover, I reached in and extracted the large pile of cloth - Fallon’s cape - the one I had worn that day I had felt cold on his horse - was sitting under his bed. If Jay found me draped in it that meant Fallon had brought me back to the slab. But Jay said I had no heartbeat so perhaps Fallon believed me to be dead. I held the coarse wool to my nose and immediately Fallon’s scent enveloped me. His voice called to me as clearly as he did at the pond before I became lost in the mist. 
Tears of relief fell onto the cloak. He had found me; he hadn’t left me behind to die. On the contrary he had brought me home. I wanted nothing more than to dash out of the house and run to the tree, but that would not be wise. I had to stop, to control my impulse, to control, my racing heart. If I went to the tree Jay would know and be as angry as a raging bull. Plus he had gone to an awful lot of trouble to save my life so going back there would seem very disrespectful. Still I could not pass up an opportunity to try and discover what happened at the pond. I definitely planned on returning but I would need to calculate when.
It took two long days, but I finally got my opportunity when Jay said he was going to Baileborough to see about Brennus siring another cow. Letting nothing show I waved him off going dutifully about my chores until he left the driveway then grabbing the cape, I ran like I’ve never run before - arrhythmia be damned.
Chapter 8

From the concrete slab I called for Fallon, but he didn’t emerge as he usually would. If he thought me dead naturally he wouldn’t show up. But I needed to see him, to let him know I lived and to thank him for bringing me home, so I waited and waited.
After a few hours I decided quite dejectedly he wasn’t coming, but I left behind his cape as a sign that I had returned. Jay was standing by the gate to the meadow. 
"Ya were gone again" he said softly, disappointment dousing his tone. Endless excuses bubbled on the tip of my tongue, but my lying days were over and I figured the truth was best, no matter the outcome. "I had to return something."
"Ya took the cape."
"Like I said, I returned it."
"Ya were left for dead in it. Who would do that to ya????!!!!" 
He was hurting and to deny that would be to disregard all he had done for me. "I know it does not look good Jay. And I know I wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t saved me," I brushed my hair behind my ear nervously, "but I just visited - elsewhere….and I..I came back."
"If I asked ya never to go there again would ya do it, for me?"
"That’s not a promise I can make." I had just made his pain worse. That’s all I seemed to be inflicting on him lately and that felt so wrong. I wished I could talk to him about all that was on my mind, about how he made me feel when we made love…and to ask him if he was fond of ravens or ornithology in general. But communicating on that level seemed an impossible bridge to cross. "That doesn’t mean I don’t want us to be friends." 
He stopped in his tracks. "Friends???" He pronounced the word like it was something vile-tasting then continued on toward the cottage, casting away my offer. His feelings were pretty clear and I couldn’t blame him. I wouldn’t make a good friend. I was at a point now where something had to give in this whole weird situation. In an effort to resolve these distortions in the universe - visiting two dimensions of time -I made an irrevocable decision; I would try and get the brooch of Tara even if it meant a jail sentence.
The following morning in the barn we were working silently when Jay turned and asked sullenly "who’s Fallon?" 
My face must have gone about forty shades of red while I tried to process where this question came from. All I managed was a quiet "why?"
"Is he an ex or current boyfriend of yers?" 
The latter part of that question surprised me mainly because he knew my whereabouts every minute of the day, so how in the world he thought I could have anything current was beyond me. "Why Jay? What do you need to know exactly?"
"I know ya don’t sleep much, but last night ya dozed off for a while. Ya sounded like you were in pain so I went to yer room and saw…" He seemed uncomfortable. Panic rose in my chest. Oh sweet divine moonbeams, please let it be snoring, please let it be snoring.
"…..ya were havin’ one of those…those sex dreams ‘n Fallon was the one makin’ ya cry out." 
I threw down my pitchfork in anger but mostly mortification and headed back to the cottage. Words failed me. I didn’t even know I had dozed off let alone had a sex-dream. And Fallon of all people?? I mean where did that come from??? Oh God!!!! Jay heard it!!!!. This lack of privacy and utter scrutiny was the straw that broke the camel’s back.
The large tote sat on my bed filled with clothes, toiletries and shoes that I would need for the few days I intended on spending at Alex’s place.. I badly needed to get some distance from the insanity of Cherrymount. Bucolic and peaceful my arse! Since I had arrived I was living and dying in dreams, hearing voices, seeing birds and being a nuisance to everyone. It just felt too much. Yes, I felt guilty about leaving Jay knowing the extra work it would give him, but right now Jay being a little tired didn’t compare to my mental health leaving me. 
When I showered and changed I made my way to the kitchen and found Jay leaning against the counter. He took in my bag and the coat I was wearing.
"Yer leaving!!????" His eyebrows rose high. "Just like that??"
"I’ll be back in a few days."
"Ye’re runnin’ away." The tone was accusatory and not at all appreciated.
"Call it what you will." I pushed past him.
"I understand this hasn’t been easy on ya, but I’ll move out again so ya can have yer privacy." 
I scoffed to hide the tightness growing in my throat and the water welling in my eyes."Please, don’t block the door."
"Okay, so spend a day away, but can ya at least be here tomorrow night? ‘Tis the autumn equinox."
"Why? What’s so important about that?"
"There’s a special……a special event I don’t want ya to miss." 
He had never really asked me for anything before except not to visit the tree. "I’ll make no promises" I said as I left the house. 
Dee’s car wouldn’t start, but I kept trying to hear that spark that would make the engine whirr. I ended up flooding it. After getting out and kicking the tires several times I grabbed my bag from the trunk and went onto the road.
I realized I had no means of transport to Dublin. If there were busses running to and from the village, I had no timetable and no cash to pay for a ticket. I wondered did they take bank cards. Rosie had paid me nicely for the jam so I had some funds. Going back inside was not an option that was for sure, so I left on foot. 
I had gone past Patsy’s cottage when Jay pulled up alongside me. I didn’t stop so he had the van crawl at my pace.
"Ya won’t be back in time tomorrow if yer walking to Dublin."
"Two things," I said holding up my fingers. "First of all, I never said I would be here tomorrow evening and second, who says I’m going to Dublin?"
"Well I’m takin’ a wild guess, but yer hardly going to stay with Iris. Ya wouldn’t stay with Rosie or Connie as it wouldn’t really be goin’ away, and Alex seems to be yer best friend. So I’d say Alex’s place is where yer headed." 
Feckin’ Sherlock Holmes I thought to myself. I was thinking I’d ask Rosie to loan me her car for a few days, but decided that was pushing it. "I’ll make my way there. Hitch-hiking isn’t illegal." 
He didn’t seem too pleased with that idea judging from the way he slammed on the brakes, put the car in park and got out to face me. "There are women who’ve done that very activity and were never seen again."
"That won’t happen, and besides, I can defend myself."
"With a faulty ticker!!?" His lips pressed together hard while his fisted hands rested on sexy narrow hips that I did not stare at –well not too hard. God why did he have that effect on me? And what kind of person lusts after a man-bird.
"….Ye’d be flat-lining in two minutes." He rubbed a hand over his day old stubble clearly trying to regain inner calm. "Sorry, that came out the wrong way. I didn’t mean to be harsh."
I shrugged indifferently lifted the straps of my tote onto my shoulder and went to walk past where he stood. 
"Look, let me take ya to Dublin. I will drop ya at yer friend’s house and that way at least I’ll know ya got there alright." 
That level of concern was not something I was used to, not from Luca in Boston who lived by the philosophy of "whateveuh babe" nor Iris, who, when I was five years old, installed a make-shift stepping stool so I could reach the lock to let myself into the house and make my own lunch on school days. "I’d rather not." 
He stepped in close so that our bodies were almost touching. "What would ya do if I told ya I wouldn’t take no for an answer." 
The proximity of our bodies sent tingles to my nether regions and I swallowed hard before speaking. "I’d say, ever hear of no means no."
"I’d agree with that if I was trying to seduce ya and ya told me that ye’d changed yer mind." When I felt his lips on mine I was surprised for all of one second before dropping my tote and falling into the depth of his desire. His lips were real; he was real unlike Fallon. My body wanted to do much more than kiss him, but my inner voice was sarcastically humming Blackbird singing in the dead of night.
"Tell me no anytime" he teased as he broke away but kept a tight hold on my waist. 
My body felt alight under his touch and as if under a spell, but I somehow managed to step away and smiled "You want me to get there safely?" 
He shook his head affirmatively, "of course - aye!"
"Then I’ll drive….gimme the keys!"
"Hey, hey , hey ….hang on now a second, that’s not fair." Another very rare smile beamed into existence and melted my heart.
"The keys please" I smirked with my hand held out.
"Right then….yer carriage awaits Madame."
The drive to Dublin was completely the opposite of what the drive had been from the airport that day when Iris brought me to Cherrymount. Jay, I discovered, was extremely well read, had knowledge of Irish history that would astound scholars and loved Dee like a devoted son. At the same time he was extremely private and when I hinted at him being a very guarded person, his shocked expression told me he saw things quite differently especially where I was concerned. 
I tried to broach the subject of Dee again and the days leading up to her street performance, but Jay wouldn’t go there. He said by keeping up the farm and doing things as Dee did them was his way of honoring her. Any other information I needed she was the one who would dole it out, not him. Not guarded indeed. Yep! Moynalty had its fair share of gossipers, but it also had many closely kept secrets. 
Journeying through the capital as we neared our destination neither of us spoke. It seemed we had touched on everything we were willing to share at this point. I knew with Jay it was all about trust. So far I had probably knocked down wall one of thirty in his trust level. Yet, I knew whatever feelings we had for each other were skewed, or off in a way. Still, I caught snippets of a momentarily carefree and laughing Jay and it was definitely a side I liked and would like to see more of.
In the early morning light I walked into the condo complex and rang Alex’s apartment from the vestibule to let him know I had arrived, but there was no answer. Assuming he was still asleep I decided to wait a couple of hours before calling again, but just as I was about to walk away, a resident left the building allowing me to quickly slip into the foyer. I rode the elevator to the fifth floor. Five minutes later I stepped back onto the street having been unable to reach Alex or Keith. To my absolute astonishment Jay was parked exactly where I left him.
He had leaned back in his seat and seemed to be sleeping. I approached the rolled-down window and without opening his eyes he muttered with a catching smirk "where to from here Hanley?"
"How do you feel about breakfast and a bit of shopping?"
"I’d say no problem to the breakfast and the shopping thing I’ll evaluate as I go along."
"Then we have a deal."
"Grand so. Where to?"
"There’s a great café by the Quay."
"Right then… is it fancy?" 
"It’s a coffee shop – nothing more," I laughed.
"Aye, but I’m a traveller. Nothing more." 
In that moment I realized how different our worlds were. I didn’t think twice about my identity and whether I was accepted in society or not. Yet Jay lived his life trying to avoid dealing with being an unwanted element of the population. As much as it saddened me, it also made me mad.
"You just let me handle that!" 
His expression grew wary. "’Tis not worth it if it causes hassle. And to be honest I don’t feel like dragging ya into our problems. Ye’ve gone through enough because ya helped us."
"There is no issue here." I assured him. But felt ready to tackle the first hint of prejudice that came along.
"Right then" he conceded with a fleeting smile, "breakfast it is." 
The café by the Quay offered a hearty breakfast. The mature waiter, whose name tag read James, was friendly and while his expression changed when he heard the patois distinct to travellers, he provided efficient and professional service. Jay made an effort to relax and chatted with a little more ease, but I could tell all his guard was up. Needless to say, we didn’t linger. I insisted on paying the bill seen as he was providing transportation then tipped James and left. Outside, I saw Jay standing in the sunshine a wide smile on his face. It was a moment of normalcy, of happiness, a rare sight indeed.
Afterward Jay came with me to a large trendy clothing shop, with the current pop hit blasting over the place. I could see he was suffering in silence so I told him I’d continue shopping and we’d meet up in two hours. He protested but I insisted and we parted ways.
I tried to replenish my seriously depleted wardrobe. Bernice had, as yet made no advances in sending my stuff from Boston, but Rosie said to forget everything to do with the past and I was trying to. While trying on a beautiful black dress, I left another message for Alex both at home and on his mobile explaining I had tried to visit and hoped everything was okay with him. It was unusual for him not to have picked up his messages. Within an hour I had found all I needed and was about to head back to meet Jay when a thought struck me. It seemed insane, but I couldn’t resist. I stepped off the footpath and hailed a taxi to the National Museum.
Standing outside the impressive eighteenth century structure with a semi-domed colonnaded entryway, which rose at least fifteen meters high if not more, I realized this impromptu trip was going to take longer than an hour. Jay didn’t possess a mobile phone, so there was no way to let him know my shopping would take a little longer than anticipated. Deciding I’d try and make this as quick as possible, I started to head inside when a flash of light to the left caught my attention. Glancing over my shoulder I saw a group of kids mockingly re-enacting Dee’s performance, photographing their fun. Unable to stop myself I headed in their direction, what I would have done or said I’ll never know, as a security guard hunted them away before returning to his outdoor hut. 
Somehow compelled to stand where Dee had cast her spell, I closed my eyes, lifted my head to the sunny sky, breathing in long slow deep breaths. My heart felt light as if Dee was present and smiling with me. I offered up a prayer for her to heal from the spell she cast and the sacrifice she had so willingly made. Soft tingles formed in my fingertips growing in strength while spreading up my arms, covering my neck until my skin burned on my face. I tried to turn away from the sun but felt paralyzed. Images flashed in front of me, a needle piercing my chest, glass smashing into millions of pieces, the massive raven ripping through flesh, Patsy laying dead upon freshly turned earth. I screamed aloud chasing the disturbing pictures and gaining a suspicious gaze from the same security guard. 
I dashed into the museum, moving into the archaeology section. Once I had calmed my racing heart, I took on the same stop-and-go stroll, resisting by-passing all the other treasures and making a bee-line to the Tara Brooch. Crossing the magnificent mosaic tiled floors I stopped to take in the zodiac design illuminated by the glass dome high above before skirting through the multitude of treasures; a millennia, if not more, in a nation’s history. The most heart-wrenching images were those of the mummified bog-men. I couldn’t help but feel that those preserved souls paid the price of our historical curiosity and would nevermore rest in peace. 
When my eyes finally fell on the brooch it took my breath away. Illuminated in a large glass encasement, the circular ornament was made of minute panels, some of which were made of delicate gold filigree while others were silver, both portrayed animal like shapes. Studs of brilliant blue and amber jewels separated some of the panels, while others decorated the animal shaped heads. A silver chain appendage with a snake-like form attached itself to the spherical part of the brooch. The snake’s tiny golden head with oversized jewelled eyes seem to be holding on by its mouth. The large pin traversing the artefact was also animal-like in form. The eyes, nose and ears were bejewelled with stones identical to those of the snake. I maneuvered around to the opposite side of the encasement and took in the details at the back. Here, the brooch was flatter with intricate spirals and scrolls covering the entire surface. The craftsmanship was simply astounding. My eyes fell to the museum’s laminated note giving the historical data of the treasure.
Dating circa eight century AD.This brooch was found not in Tara but near the seashore at Bettystown, Co. Meath, in 1850. Its provenance was attributed to Tara by a dealer in order to increase its value. The Tara Brooch can be considered to represent the pinnacle of early medieval Irish metalworkers’ achievement. Each individual element of decoration is executed perfectly and the range of technique represented on such a small object is astounding.
The eight century? Was that the time Fallon lived in? I remembered the cloak he wore, the brooch that held it together, the incredible details embossed on his breast plate as well as on the dagger he had placed in my hand. I had never seen anything like those objects before. If I were to understand anything from his time I would have to do further research.
I made my way out of the exhibition room noting the mound of security cameras, the obligatory guards stationed at strategic points and the sheer ridiculousness of even contemplating stealing something so well guarded. The boutique in the archaeology section of the museum offered a wide range of overpriced books on all sorts of époques in Irish history. I chose an Iron Age hardback with detailed sketches and chronological accountings of that period. 
At the cash I couldn’t help but pick up a trinket of the Tara Brooch. I would show it to Fallon just to make sure there was no misunderstanding as to what he needed. The cheery cashier put a plethora of pamphlets with my purchases and receipt into an eco-friendly bag then thanked me before calling the next customer forward. I hid my purchases amongst my larger boutique bags and dashed outside to hail a taxi.
By the time I joined Jay he was standing by his car pacing up and down. I blurted an apology for the delay, explaining that I lost track of time and blamed it on the marketing strategies of shops. He looked relieved more than upset and opened the trunk. "I thought ya had changed yer mind ‘bout comin’ back!" he laughed. 
But I detected underpinnings of truth in what he said. "Sure you wouldn’t be able to get by if I wasn’t there" I teased.
"Rrrrright" he smiled sardonically then in a very chivalresque move opened the door to the passenger side and held my hand as I sat in.
"Jeez, I’ll be late more often if this is the outcome."
"I wouldn’t test that theory too far."
"Why not?"
"The outcome" he said with a piercing gaze, "may not be what ya want." 
I wondered what he meant, but did not probe any further. After a few moments of silence in which he settled himself in for the drive, he glanced over at me and said "anythin’ else ya need to do before we head back?" 
Images of making love to him crossed my mind making me blush up to my ears. I wanted to kick myself for the way he made me react physically, especially given the trauma of our last and only intimate experience. "Grand, no" I uttered. "All done." I said looking straight ahead to hide my red cheeks. "But thanks for the lift here." I glanced over as he nodded then merged into traffic.
It was early afternoon when we got back to Cherrymount Cottage. Jay and I were laughing as we walked into the kitchen. The dogs circled us excitedly. I placed their clean bowls outside and filled them with kernels and fresh water. We both reached for the kettle, finding ourselves face to face. He gave me a strange look before moving in and holding my face in his hands.
"I’d like ya to sit with me tomorrow night, at this event I spoke of." Whatever the event was, it held a lot of importance to him, so I decided to accept. "Tell me when and where?"
"I’ll pick ya up here at around ten thirty."
"What’s the dress code?"
"Yer Sunday best."
"Sounds very grand." I bit my lip worried about what this occasion was in aid of, "my Sunday best may not be good enough. I’m not sure I’d be the best choice of…." A second later his lips found mine. They were soft and filled with hunger. Recollections of the raven made me hesitate, but his need fuelled mine and passion ignited between us. His hands eagerly explored my body and I was doing my utmost to refrain from separating him from his clothes. He obviously had similar ideas as his mouth descended my neck stopping just at the top of my cleavage. This was not what I had planned, but I was damned if I could stop the surge of pleasure carousing through my body. My saving grace was a text message from Alex. 
The beep gave me an excuse to interrupt the path of no return we were on. Breathless, I lifted Jay’s head from the top of my breasts then reached across to take the phone. As I read the words on the screen, Jay pressed himself against me, brushed my lips and gently fondled my breasts in a way that could only be categorized as illegal.
"Keith had emergency dental surgery. Abscess removed. All is well" I said aloud, but I could feel the flush of desire on my cheeks. Jay stopped and took a step back as if deciding whatever direction we were about to take should wait.
"Better call him back then to make sure he’s okay," he suggested. "I’ll see ya later." 
I watched as he headed away, and couldn’t help feeling like my body had been denied some great sex – there wasn’t a raven in sight.
At exactly seven thirty the next evening, I emerged from my bedroom and found Jay dressed to die for. His eyes widened at my new black chiffon dress that was slightly low cut in the front with a flowing chiffon lower part which stopped mid-thigh.
"Yer breathtakingly beautiful tonight Blaine." 
I blushed for a moment, "you’re looking devilishly handsome yourself." 
His eyes fell to my feet. "The only thing is where we’re going there’ll be no shoes allowed."
"Really?" I asked wondering if it was a joke "that’s just weird."
"Ya’ll see." Then he knelt down took my leg in his hands and removed my new high heels one at a time. His hands lingered on my calf for a little longer than necessary and I felt exactly as I had the afternoon before, meaning dangerously close to stripping off all my clothes for this man. He was already barefoot and led me outside toward the arched path leading to the barn.
"We’re staying on the farm?" I enquired. 
Before we descended the little slope he caught me and pulled me close to him. He smelt spicy and windy with a hint of muskiness. "Tonight ‘tis very important ya keep an open mind about what ya see, okay? Best not say anything ‘til ya feel ya’ve grasped the situation. ‘N above all, don’t gape or gasp."
"You’re making me a little scared" I chuckled nervously.
"Ye should be." Then he continued leading me down the mud path.
When we got to the middle of the dark barnyard Jay nodded to me as a last check to see if I was ready. I nodded then he simply laid a hand against thin air and said Oscapent! 
A glow of light formed before us momentarily blinding me. When I could focus again the sight of the extensive white marquis caught me so off guard that I let out a gasp before I realized what I had done. Jay froze squeezing my hand gently while leaning to my ear.
"Please Blaine" he implored "keep it together, just for tonight. I won’t leave yer side, but ya must keep yer cool. Be strong." 
My head nodded vigorously as I trembled slightly. I was as nervous as a Turkey at Christmas. He pulled across a soft white opaque curtain to reveal the interior. Only that my jaw was shut rigidly I would have gaped, gasped and gawked at the sight before me. 
A long yet massive wooden table seated at least twenty people, men, women and children who were all partaking of a great banquet. They manoeuvred around the table happily and I noticed nobody wore shoes. Candles, more than I could ever count, lit up the place while massive amounts of food covered every available space. Their clothes were medieval looking, their style like something out of an Arthur Pendragon tale. There was something very regal about them. I noticed a great bulk of a man at the far end of the group. He wore a modest crown, but a crown all the same. His velvet green cape had elaborate sleeves with many gold symbols along the cuffs. He was solemn, not festive like the others. His gaze caught mine, startling me, but apart from a mild jerk of the shoulders I did not react. My rational side wondered if they were a theatre troop and Jay was somehow connected to them, my illogical side laughed and warned me to hold onto my britches.
"Enter Jaelen" the crowned bulky man’s voice boomed "and join our feast."
"It is an honor" Jay replied bowing slightly before leading us to two vacant seats beside the massive man. I smiled briefly knowing this had to be one of those role playing games where it was imperative not to break character. It’s true I couldn’t explain the veiled marquis but there had to be a reasonable explanation.
"Who is the wench?" 
Silence suddenly fell over the crowd. I saw the king looking at me with cold hard eyes. Had he just called me a wench? Jay’s hand held mine under the table as much to say "zip it." I squeezed back a little tighter to let him know I understood, but would go along only because this was a game.
"Yer Majesty, this is Blaine Hanley."
"The child raised by the maidservant Dee?"
"The very one Sire."
"No outsiders Jaelen….you know the consequences of disobeying my command."
"Aye. But I thought ya might want to meet the person who saved the prince’s life." 
I did a double take forgetting to remain calm but quickly gathered myself and sat stoically all the while wondering who in God’s name Jay was talking about.
"Neulona?" The king turned towards a tall elegant woman seated at the opposite end of the expansive table. "Is this true?" While she bowed her head in reverence, someone placed a new born baby in my arms and I almost leapt with the fright.
"Prince Cathal" the King said nodding toward me. My hands trembled as the child looked up at me. Its beautiful skin, soft green eyes and content smile were breath-taking, but I never saw its cherub-like face before in my life. There was some terrible mistake. They must think I was somebody else. Turning to Jay for answers I read nothing in his stoic expression. The child was then removed and placed in Neulona’s welcoming arms. The King pushed a goblet before me and another to Jay.
"Is she ready?"
"Yes, yer majesty!"
"Ready for what?" I asked them both.
"To the wench!!!!!" the king exclaimed raucously and everyone parroted his words. His attention was drawn to the other side of the table, giving me an opportunity to whisper to Jay from the side of my mouth "who’s a wench??"
"Just go with it"
"Who are these people?"
"Ya’ll see very shortly." 
Disappointed at the lack of information I took a sip of wine from the goblet. It was a-m-a-z-i-n-g like nothing I had ever tasted before. Velvety texture with a hint of vanilla and blackberries peppered with a dash of oaky softness and something else, something I could not recognize invaded my pallet in a glorious explosion of flavor. I doubted they sold this at the Bus shop. Wherever it came from, I wanted to know because the plonk I had been drinking up to that point in my life was nothing short of drain cleaner compared to this. I knocked back the remainder in my glass relishing the taste.
"You drink heartily, Wench!!" The king belly-laughed. My cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
"Sorry, I was thirsty, I suppose." but he had already turned away toward someone else. I looked down to see my glass had been filled again and couldn’t resist tasting more. I continued to sip, all the while taking in my surroundings. It was a feast of color, flavors, laughter and merriment. The atmosphere felt electric as if something was about to burst with effervescence. Pixie-esque children ran around the table shrieking with delight, while a teenage girl wearing a long flowing gown tried to catch them. I tried to find the source of the flute-playing but couldn’t see any musician. Maybe they had to go high-tech for that and there was a CD player hidden in the bushes. 
While I had been distracted, my glass was filled again. I took a few sips, promising myself they would be the last of the evening. "The wine is out of this world" I whispered toward Jay feeling a strong buzz. I hadn’t spoken or noticed him in what felt like hours and I wondered about that. Hadn’t we just sat down together? I went to ask about this time warp but found his eyes gazing into mine. Right then I knew his eyes were really green stones from the ocean but he hid them from the world. I also knew this lovely gypsy man was paying a terrible price for something he did. I couldn’t say how I knew this, but it felt like what I was seeing was his true self and all its raw energy.
"Who are you Jaelen…?" My brow furrowed, "what’s your last name anyway?" 
He said nothing but held my eyes fixed on his like he had become gravity itself. Pulled into his depth until my lips found his, I kissed them like they held the last bit of oxygen on earth.
"Blaine" he smiled briefly, but he didn’t seem too happy and I wondered why. Maybe my kissing him so openly was really bad.
"It’s the wine" I said apologetically while straightening up in my chair. "Eden! The grapes that made this wine had to have come from the Garden of Eden, or at least some other paradisiacal plot of land because it tasted like sunshine and heaven got together and made bliss in a bottle." 
In my state of rapture, everything looked perfect. My dress was really beautiful especially the delicate chiffon skirt and my skin glowed as if made of honey and gold. I slipped off the flowery pin holding my hair in place then shook it out letting my long black waves fall down my back. Next thing I knew Jay held my face in his and kissed me urgently before his forehead rested against mine momentarily. "I love you, Blaine. Remember, stay strong no matter what. Please!"
"Jaelen!" The king shouted. "The night is passing and the sun will rise soon. Please, the wench - now!" 
I frowned looking from the king to Jay to the people around the table wondering when this business of calling me a wench would cease. I tried to piece together intelligent words to defend myself but only managed to giggle aloud. The place seemed to spin a little and I held the table to steady myself. Jay squeezed my hand for a moment then he stood up alone.
"Miss Blaine Hanley of Cherrymount Cottage, I’d like to present to you The Court." 
The big fella with the crown nodded in acceptance then Jay turned to me and with an open palm said "Blaine, this is King Brennus." 
The towering man rose up tall and proud just as long horns slithered out of his forehead. His nose and mouth turned into a glistening snout like half man half beast and the scream climbing out of my mouth died with the pain of Jay squeezing my fingers. His strong reassuring grip caught me under my arms, lifted me out of my chair and although I swayed, he pressed on my back so I bowed low. When his hand brought me back up a moment later I was looking at the face of the bull Brennus on a man’s body. Brennus gave a slight nod of approval, Jay cleared his throat a little sharply and I pulled my gaze from the bull-king to Jay.
"Lord Bernard and his seven wives." I leaned forward to peer closer but only succeeded in swaying dangerously off kilter. The thin, heavily-mustached man stood, his head jerking into the rooster Benny. The seven women quickly became clucking hens. Blood was draining from my face. "Princes Mathon & Nathaneo." The two twenty-something handsome men kissed each other lightly before bowing in my direction and turning in the border collies Mat and Nat. "Queen Neulona, her six princesses and newborn Prince Bairre." 
In an instant Nula, the cows and the baby calf appeared before me lowing gently. The table seemed to be moving and I felt Jay’s grip on me tighten. "Queen Salana" he continued. His voice echoed in the distance. My ears felt blocked and I could feel the place spinning madly. Big Sally. I wasn’t able to hold on, "……the Great Warrior Gen." I felt the goat buck the table hard enough to move it, "and finally, Jaelen Crowely." My head shot to my left in time to see Jay mutate into a massive crow. I felt my legs buckle as I fell forward, the table rising to meet me. 
A man’s deep voice bellowed in the distance disturbing the harmonious melody floating around my mind and carrying me along into a gentle rocking motion. I opened my eyes and found Jay holding me, lulling me consolingly, his face pale as the moon, an expression of worry in his eyes that puzzled me. The prickly sensation of hay through my dress along with the sweet smell of dried grass told me we were in the barn sheltered by rows of stacked bails.
"Can ya sit up Blaine?" 
I lifted my head and felt the place spin, but leaned back against him."Need a minute."
"C’mon love" he encouraged while propping me upright.
"’S going on?" I asked groggily. My stomach churned, my head pounded. I remembered the wine. "Oh sweet Jesus I passed out." I covered my face in shame.
"It’s a powerful brew."
"No..no…I think I’m going to have to go to AA. ‘Cause I hallucinated." I gulped remembering the horrible mutations.
"Not at all" he offered lightly. "It seems introductions aren’t easy for ya."
"I saw a bull, cows, hens…even a shagging crow. Jesus, I’ll have to have a drug test to see what was put in the wine…"
"Tis a lot to take in. Honestly, ya lasted longer than I expected. I’m very proud of ya Blaine." 
I sat up straight turning to face him. "Hang on, what do you mean – a lot to take in? Are…are you telling me that what I saw was real!!!" His face winced and I pushed myself out of his embrace fear seizing my heart. "What did you do to me?"
"Nothing!" His eyebrows were raised high in surprise.
"You did – you bastard!!!!"
"Blaine" he warned "calm down…I.."
"The fuck I will! What did you put in my drink? Who are those people and who the fuck are you!!!????"
"Nothing was put in yer drink. I swear."
"There had to have been! What was it – LSD? Mushrooms? PTP’s, or whatever the hell they’re called!"
"Enough!!!" He growled. "I am not the kind of man to drug a person."
"Then how come….how come I saw you all become animals" I sobbed into my hands. After a moment his arms wrapped around me, holding me tight.
"There are things that are difficult to understand right now, and I will explain them. I promise. But I need ya to believe that I will never harm ya in any way. I will protect ya, always." 
He sounded so sincere, so loving and I wanted to believe him, but fear and doubt still gripped me. "I don’t know who or what to trust anymore. I think I’m losing my mind." 
He lowered my hands and raised my tear stained face to his. He said nothing but lifted me silently in his arms holding me like I weighed no more than a feather and carried me to the furthest recesses of the barn without ever averting his gaze. When my feet gently touched the ground, he stood facing me for a moment before reaching inside his shirt and pulling out a minute black shell on a delicate black chain. My hand reached up to touch it. "I’ve never seen something so beautiful. What is it?"
"My life" he said lifting it over his head. "And I give it to ya to keep." It was only when I felt the metal against my skin that I remembered I had taken off Rosie’s pendant when I changed into my dress. My hand enclosed around the shell.
"What do you mean it is your life?"
"It means, before I met ya, nothing was more precious to me than that. But now, yer the only jewel I ever want in my life."
"Jay, I.."
"I love ya Blaine, only you." 
Those were the last words he spoke before he kissed me to my soul and back. My arms slid around his neck, welcoming his embrace. I came up for air. His eyes fell to the opening of my dress while his fingers slowly inched under my dress making my chest pound. When his tongue descended between my breasts a groan of gratification accidentally escaped me and I felt him harden even more between my legs.
"I think" he said momentarily breaking away "that I should get ya back to the party" his lips had now descended to my neck.
"Really?" I gasped breathlessly as his pelvis pressed gently against me. "Do we have to?" I replied pulling him harder to me.
"Unfortunately, yes" he said cupping my bum and feeling the black barely-there thong I was wearing, "if we stay here a second longer I will not be able to stop myself".
"Me neither." We broke away smiling breathlessly at each other.
"Don’t worry Alanah," he said his thumb gently passing over my cheek, "I will explain everything to ya after the sun rises."
"Promise?"
"I promise." He leaned over and kissed me once more.
"So I suppose those people aren’t a theatre troop then."
"We are what ya saw. But I need ya to be strong for another short while. If I take ya back to the table will ya be able to hang in there?" 
There was a pleading in his voice that I could not disappoint. I needed to learn the truth no matter how freaky it was. "I’ll be fine," and hoped I would be for his sake. 
He adjusted my dress then wrapped an arm around my waist as if to keep me steady. His lips brushed mine and we waltzed back to the celebrations in the marquis.
More food had somehow been added as had the wine, but I was done with whatever beverages they were serving. King Brennus was no longer bull-like but eyed me warily, his anger evident as Jay lead me to my chair.
"Why has she returned? Did you not see this is a failure? She must be made to forget again."
"No!" Jay spat. "The last time I agreed, but not now. Not this time. It’s a miracle she remembers anything about this place. Ya see where she’s been goin’. They have requested she retrieve it and if we interfere and make her forget we’re back to waiting decades again, if not more." 
Clearly displeased, Brennus leaned forward menacingly. "You will make her forget." Jay protested vehemently but the King roared. "She hasn’t the strength!!" 
The full force of Jay’s voice boomed out."She can do this, I know she can!!!!" The king, purple with rage, unsheathed a flat sphere of glowing blue glass and raised it toward Jay. I registered several things happening at once. Seeing Jay was in danger, I screamed "No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" while trying to push him out of harm’s way. Neulona roared "Brennus, she can hear us!!" just as a searing light flashed through Jay’s body. Almost as if in slow motion Brennus dropped his sphere contorting in pain, "so be it" he cried out. A cacophony of shrieks and screams filled the air but my focus was only on Jay. I rushed toward.
"Eeeja" he groaned through gritted teeth. My hands touched his blood-drenched shirt in disbelief. A dark cloud passed across the festive lighting. Neulona’s panicked voice whispered in my ear "the placenta isn’t out" just as the marquis disappeared before my eyes and the animals headed off to the field. Jay’s eyes rolled back and he passed out.
I woke up in my own bed feeling like I had been hammered over the head. My right arm was numb with pins and needles and I turned on my side to get relief. I bumped into an elbow.
Sitting up I looked at my bed partner. Jay lay on his back, his bare stomach red with soreness. The dressing I had applied hours earlier was bloodied again. Not a good sign. 
Memories of the madness of the night before came back. The party, Jay getting attacked and the people at the banquet were the animals we tended to everyday. I rubbed my face hard not wanting to believe any of this was true, but if Jay’s current state wasn’t evidence enough, his charred shirt strewn across the armchair could hardly be ignored. Still, I hadn’t been able to leave his side after tending to his injuries, even if he had come to and seemed stronger.
After showering and changing, I returned to a still-sleeping Jay and began cleaning his wound and replacing the bandage. When I swabbed the wound clean he bolted up swearing aloud. Taking a deep breath, I pressed gently on his shoulders and had him lay still.
"You’re injured but it’s mostly superficial. I have to change the dressing."
"The milking!" he exclaimed in a panic.
"Later", I insisted. "Anyway, I doubt the milk will be good after all the wine they put back last night." Amazingly enough, he didn’t argue. As I worked silently on his injury, I felt his gaze bore through me but did not acknowledge it. We had almost made love again despite my promises to never be intimate with him. But he told me he loved me. Lesson learned -alcohol was to be avoided from here on out at all costs. I left him for a little while then returned with breakfast.
"Just a bite to eat if you feel up to it" I said nodding towards the meal.
"Thanks, but I’m not hungry."
"You haven’t eaten in a day." Neither of us had eaten at the banquet. Imbibing wine seemed our priority. "You need nourishment."
"Maybe later."
"How do you feel?"
"Grand."
"Well it’s a long burn but superficial. Thank goodness." 
He passed a hand through his hair. "Blaine, why in the name of all that’s holy did ya push me out of the way. Ya could have been killed??????" 
My only thought at the time was of losing him and that I’d have done anything to prevent that. "I’m not into gore" I lied. The look he gave told me he didn’t believe that was true. He got out of bed wincing in pain. My eyes glanced as his boxers disappeared inside his jeans.
"So you going to spill the beans on what went on in the Twilight zone here last night like you promised?"
"We’re cursed ‘n we’ll stay that way ‘til the wrongs they created are made right." 
I shook my head incapable of wrapping my mind around the situation and threw a plethora of questions at him. "How are you cursed? How long have you been like that and what did they mean by ‘they made me forget things?’ What did they make me forget? And why them and when did that happen? How did it happen?" 
He held his palm up to halt the litany of queries and took a deep breath. "They’ve been here longer than yerself or meself can imagine, ‘n they haven’t moved from that field in centuries. The owners of the house have changed many, many times but the animals have never been sold or moved. Any time anyone tried, they ended up dead. The lot of them come to human form four times a year, at the winter and summer solstice, and Spring and Autumn equinox. They use that time to do all sorts of….. human activities…….."
"I get it, I get it" I interrupted, not wanting to be reminded about whatever our relationship was.
"Anyway, ‘tis Dee that made life easiest for them; through her spells she managed to set up the veiled Marquis, supplyin’ a banquet-like setting for when they changed. It made their human time...well more human. They’re desperate to either return to their time, or just die. None of them want to continue living like this anymore."
"But what about Prince Bairre? He’s just a newborn.!"
"Neulona has had several new born children, but they die within a short time. Nobody knows why."
"That’s awful!"
"It’s their reality."
"What did Brennus mean I should be made forget? And who did the erasing?"
"It was one night during the summer solstice. I was looking after the marquis while Dee had been away a few days and ya had arrived for yer summer holidays. But during the night, unbeknownst to us, ya crept out of bed only to end up hiding in the bushes watching the banquet. When the court changed back to their animal forms ya were found whimpering in the bushes. Both Brennus and I had to block that from your memory, but we believe we may have caused yer insomnia?"
"Really? How come?"
"The intention of the "casting" was to have ya sleep with no worries, but somehow my words came out like "no worries ya won’t sleep." When we saw ya couldn’t really sleep after that we tried to reverse it, but couldn’t.
"So my insomnia is because of a spell?"
"It would seem so."
"At least I know the why now."
"Aye. Sorry about that."
"And you? How did you get involved in all of this? Why are you one of them?"
"I have been tied to them for a while now. I serve them, care for them, protect them and are always present during the transformation back to their human form. Well…I transform with them. It’s been that way for….well for a while."
"But you’re only what –in your mid-twenties? How could you be with them for that long?" Before he could answer another question popped into my head.
"You are about twenty something – right?"
"There are things I cannot reveal Blaine, and not because I don’t want to tell ya but because I’m bound to them with an oath." 
I could see a deep sadness cross his features as if there was suddenly no hope left in the world. It made me want to reach out and hold him, to kiss him but instead I asked softly, "what kind of oath?"
"A very ancient and very powerful one and breaking it comes with a terrible price.
"When did you take it, the oath I mean? Or how did you take it? Would telling me be a bad thing? He shoved his hands deep in his pockets and it seemed we were once again back on the bridge in the village where he had much difficulty telling me about the river spirit. After a very long moment of silence he finally spoke.
"’T’was on a summer evenin’. Day was changin’ to night and the full moon glowed amber in the sky. Brennus ‘n his court were in human form. We stood in the field just outside the window here and I was held down on the ground – facin’ up. They chanted a language I didn’t understand. Somethin’ oily was rubbed on my chest and I slowly began to feel numb until I was paralyzed. When their chantin’ ended they backed away and then it descended. A huge black bird, a crow or something, its wings wider than a full grown man landed on my chest and after one look to the king, I felt its hooked beak tear through my chest. The pain was unbearable ‘n I screamed out like a child for its mother. I begged them to stop, to take the bird away, but they never budged. Those great beady eyes never looked at me but focused on pokin’ through my flesh until a small white pearl-like jewel glowed in its beak. As I watched it soar up into the night a sense of emptiness crept inside of me ‘n never left. That chain and pendant appeared on me."
"The one you gave me last night!" I balked realizing how scarily precious it truly was. "I can’t keep it then…"
"Keep it Blaine. I am beyond feeling I want to hold onto this life."
"No Jay, please..."
"Anyway, Brennus then appeared in my line of sight, looked down on me ‘n called me servant. He said my soul would be returned to the pendant only when they would be released from their curse. If ever I left the farm for longer than 3 days, I forfeit my soul. That’s the price for breakin’ the oath. I take on the form of a crow as a reminder of the price I pay for my actions."
I shook my head trying to grasp the notion of a soul-stealing crow. That would explain why I saw him as a raven after we made love. Maybe because of one of those distortions Rosie mentioned I could see something of his past. But why would I see that particular image? What did it mean? So many questions crowded my thoughts but I gently voiced one that stood out amongst the others. "Why you?", somehow my hand reached out and touched his chest as if I could feel the emptiness. 
His lips pressed tightly together and the struggle to reveal what happened was waging inside him. I wanted him to let go completely, to stop having these moments of wariness where there was still doubt as to whether he should trust me or not. Hadn’t I shown him I would not break the fragile faith he had placed in me? Didn’t he know I had confided in no one? I waited in silence.
"’Tis kind of complicated." 
Well that was disappointing. Obviously there was still work to be done in the trusting Blaine department. I couldn’t shake him and ask what more it would take for him to believe in me, so I tread lightly. "It’s okay, if you’re not comfortable telling me, or can’t - that’s fine, but if you think I won’t be able to follow along then don’t worry on that account. I’ll understand."
"Blaine, it’s not…….." he shoved a hand through his hair "I’ve never told this to another soul. Pardon the pun." I waited, not reacting not encouraging him one way or the other.
"My brother, Keelan, owned this farm…some time ago – before Dee. He was a frail, gentle kind of lad, who my brute of a father, considered a sissy. Regular beatin’s were part and parcel of life with him as head of the family and nobody was spared, not my mother, my sister, my brother nor me. When he was on a drunken rampage we would take refuge in other caravans with other families, or we’d hide. When we were old enough to fend for ourselves we left home.
 I kept to roamin’ the country, as did Keelan, but then he wanted to settle in one place and managed to get this farm at a good price. I came to live with him for a while to help him with the work. Life was good then. Peaceful. One day when I came back from the market, I found my father in this very field, drunk out of his mind and standin’ over Keelan’s body. The blood on my father’s fists and boots, Keelan’s skull was bashed to a pulp, his thin arms were still covering his face. Protectin’ his head had been his only defense. I hadn’t been there to protect him. I turned to my father and asked him why he had done such a horrible thing. He just laughed and said he should have done it years ago and that’s when I placed my hands around his throat and held them there tightly, never lettin’ go, not when he fought, not when he fell to his knees, not when his eyes pleaded for mercy, not when he pelted my hands in an effort to release him. 
I let go when his body went limp then dragged him to the willow tree on Cherrymount Hill. I placed my dagger into his flesh and opened 5 wounds, one on each arm, each leg and another at the heart. I let the blood seep from him into the earth then carried my brother’s body to the horse and wagon. I took my brother back to my mother and sister and had him buried accordin’ to the ways of my people. I didn’t offer that same level of respect to my father. Instead I came back after my brother’s funeral, went to the field, took the decomposing corpse and burned it. He was sealed for ever." 
My face showed no emotion as I listened to the story, but if someone asked to describe how I felt I would say ‘let me just keel over quietly.’ Blood and murder stories gave me a dose of the heebeejeebies. "What does sealing his blood do?"
"’Tis a form of dark magic – one that carries a heavy price and I’m payin’ for it."
"But how did that make Brennus take your soul?"
"I defiled the land."
"But you didn’t know it was sacred when you cast the blood spell thing."
"True. If I had buried my father as I did Keelan I would have never known Brennus. But by letting his blood penetrate the land to cast a dark spell I cursed myself."
"You said all this happened before Dee’s time. Wouldn’t that make you very old?"
"My years stopped the day they took my soul. I live as long as they hold it."
"How old exactly are you?"
"Old enough that I should be dust in a coffin." 
I didn’t like the thought of him being in a coffin, or dying, or anything like that. "And what happens when they are released?"
"No idea. Heaven, Hell or nothingness. I used to hope I would join my brother Keelan, my clan, but I don’t think that anymore." 
A tight knot formed in my throat. "That can’t be right."
"Aye. I might just turn to dust."
"You’d..you’d just be gone.. in an instant?" 
He smiled. "Well Blaine seen as ‘tis my first time experiencin’ a soulless life I can’t say I’m familiar with the outcome." 
I wondered why Brennus never told him, or why he never asked. Maybe he was trying to avoid knowing his fate."Will Brennus know you told me?"
"Of course. But there is no danger in talkin’ about me. I must not reveal what I know about them and why they are cursed."
"So in all the years you’ve lived here, have you always been a single man?" My cheeks turned crimson the instant I had spoken. There was still the question of his dead wife he was not mentioning. I had hoped he’d tell me but it looked like that wasn’t going to happen. 
His lips curved at the corners. "No. Why? Ye’re not jealous are ya Blaine Hanley?"
"Hmphf !" I responded in typical Iris style before I even realized it. And that, above anything else I had seen, heard or done, horrified me to the core. "Why does Iris think you murdered your wife?"
"Blaine – I," he sighed heavily, his anguish that of a deeply tortured man. He threw his arms down as if deciding it was best just to get it all out now. "I married a girl from another village about ten years ago. Her family disowned her for that decision. Then one day she drove to Navan ‘n never came home. No charges were laid against me but that never cleared my name."
"What do you think happened?"
"I think she got lost."
I didn’t know if that was a metaphorical lost or truly lost."And you feel responsible for her getting lost?"
"Aye. Completely."
"But why?"
"She had told me that morning she was expectin’ our child, but I didn’t accept the news well. I thought we had made somethin’ soulless –like myself -and that just made me ache for whatever was growing in her. She walked away with great sadness that morning."
"She didn’t know what Brennus did?" I was thinking aloud now. "How do you keep something like that from your wife of all things!" 
His expression changed to one about to burst a blood vessel but the explosion I was expecting didn’t happen. Instead he sighed heavily as if defeated against an inner demon. "Yer the only one I’ve ever told about Brennus, but I’m not talkin’ about her again. That time is gone, done, buried……along with her." He swore under his breath "don’t know why I bothered tellin ya anythin’" then turned his back to me. 
Well I had definitely put my foot in it again and shook my head in despair for my communication skills before placing a hand on his shoulder. "I’m so sorry for your loss, not just for your brother or your wife’s passing, but for the loss of your soul and your freedom too. Please don’t regret sharing this with me. I’ll never repeat it to another. You have to trust me on this."
"Trust goes two ways Blaine! Yer asking me to do something ya can’t do yerself." 
The conversation had suddenly veered in the wrong direction. I needed to steer it away from me. "I do" sniff "….trust you…"
"Really? With what? I’m curious to hear this one." 
My mouth opened and closed several times as I searched for something I could tell him. Fallon and the settlement were out of the question as was the Boston hulabaloo. No point in bringing up Rosie’s color-changing crystal, or her theory on the distortions in the dimensions either. I didn’t think he needed to know Connie and Alex thought he was a hunk and a half. Anything involving Iris was a no-go zone, as was my aimless future. Gosh! This was not easy. His eyes never left mine but he was increasingly displeased at my silence. My shoulders sagged in dismay.
"Jay, I think maybe trust looks a little bit different to me than it does to you. Not less, just different because ….." My head lowered in embarrassment as I spoke, "all I know is that when I’m with you I feel safe, like nothing bad could possibly happen to me. That’s not something I felt often in life….if at all… so if that can be called trust then I hope it’s enough for you – for now." 
His hand took my chin raising my eyes to his, "for the first time ya’ve spoken yer heart. Now that’s a start." He kissed me gently, but briefly.
"Okay!" I said smiling. "I’d better get to work. I’ll see you later."
"Aye."
"And don’t wet that bandage."
"I won’t."
"I’ll call the vet for Nula and the placenta." 
As I emerged from the cottage I saw Patsy pull up in his car and call to me. "Everything okay Patsy?" I asked.
"jus’ back from Limerick gersha."
"For your son?" I immediately regretted what I said. Patsy had not spoken about him and maybe he had not wanted me to know. His eyes averted mine for a moment then nodded silently.
"Can I get you a cup of tea?"
"Arrah s’all righ’ child. I won’ stop – I’ll be headin over tah deh village."
"Well, glad you’re back and hopefully we’ll see your son soon."
"Kael’ll be back soon – as true as deh sun’ll rise."
Chapter 9

It was only after waving him off from the gravel parking spot that I realized why the name meant something to me. Fallon had said it the first time I met him –dunachden Kael. He had said it again and again - Kael neg something. They were looking for Kael!!!
The wind whipped across my face and through my hair, as I cycled to the ancient cottage where Patsy’s family lived. I had taken the time to shower and change trying to contain my excitement.
The house was only a stone’s throw away and I could have walked but my legs felt they had been on a horse for a few hours, which I could not explain. Up until now I had been okay with this Fallon thing being a dream or hallucination brought on by a lack of sleep, but I could not for the life of me explain the flower, dagger, hairstyle, or the cape and that scared me more than one of Boston’s finest throwing me in jail. 
I placed the bicycle against the garden wall and removed the basket. I brought a few jars of Tayberry jam and vegetables from the garden – collected only by dodging the constant ramming attempts by Genny. As I approached the door I saw the massive vegetable garden thriving under the golden sun. It was something akin to the garden of Eden. I covered up my unneeded goods then knocked chirpily on the back door. Nobody came out, so I knocked again, still no response. I didn’t see Beth in the garden or at the clothes line, so I guessed she was out. It was only when I left the contents of the basket on the front step that the movement of the curtain caught my eye. I glanced quickly and caught Beth trying to avoid being seen. 
It’s true she was a shy woman and extremely private. Perhaps she was having a bad day and did not want to see anyone – no matter the reason I couldn’t help feeling disappointed. I didn’t know exactly when Kael would be out of jail, so there was only one other thing to do. Come back later.
Back at the cottage, I was stood at the sink plotting to break into Patsy’s home when I saw Jay passing by with Patsy’s wife Beth. She threw me a strange look and without thinking too much about it I slipped out and hurried back to the ancient cottage. 
It was simply a terrifying thing entering someone’s house uninvited, but I stole inside and immediately went down the hall to the bedrooms. The girls’ rooms were easily distinguishable from Kael’s as a mix of lilacs and pinks blended with toys of the Barbie persuasion. I’d have thought the girls would have outgrown their doll phase but then again maybe they were simply treasured collectables. There was even a baby’s crib with soft padding matching the sheets and a thin duvet. Beth seemed to be clinging to every phase of her children’s lives. 
The warning on Kael’s door told me not to enter unless I had a big ass. Inside I began rummaging around, quickly picking up items I knew would be detrimental in maintaining my sanity. I skirted away having stolen from Beth and Patsy unnoticed. My heart was still pounding when I returned to the cottage and while there was little time to spare, I couldn’t help but quickly assess my treasure. Two hard cover and very worn books - one ancient Irish treasures, the other on the National museum - held a vast amount of notes written in their columns. Several loose pages held various stages of swirling designs and there was a flittered looking notebook. Spooked by a sudden noise, I pushed them under the bed then changed into my jeans and an old sweat shirt and headed outside.
I found Jay tending to Nula. The local vet had come, and after a thorough examination, declared both cow and calf as well as could be, given the difficult birth. Nula had had a small tear at the exit of the birth canal but it was easily sewed up. Right now they were trying to extract the placenta which as yet had not been delivered. While the vet worked on that problem, Jay and I recounted an edited version of our make-shift intervention. I was grateful he didn’t mention anything about me being drunk. The vet began recounting a particularly gory birth he had just witnessed when his phone rang. The cool collected professional suddenly became a bag of nerves who didn’t know where to turn. Snippets of his responses told us his wife’s water had just broken and their first baby was on the way. With a plastic glove still on his arm, he ran to his car leaving his medical bag and everything else behind him. Nula’s placenta was starting to come out so Jay said he’d stay with her until it was entirely expelled.
The rest of the day passed doing the necessary chores around the farm all the while feeling the burning pull to return to Cherrymount. I could not help but wonder if Rosie was right, that each dimension was real to me even if it felt one was only a dream. As my eyes glanced up at the hill, it was almost as if Fallon was calling to me. I had to do something to convince myself his world was not real.
I had just finished cleaning Tayberries fresh from the garden when Jay stood in the kitchen dressed casually in a khaki pant and black wool jumper. His black wavy hair was smoothed into place and he was undeniably beautiful. I on the other hand - although showered - was in my yoga pants and looked dishevelled next to him.
"Want to help?" I asked heeding Rosie’s advice to have Jay’s present to influence the jam outcome.
"Sure, what do ya need me to do?"
"Just pour in the sugar I’ve set aside there and stir it in." He set to work unquestioningly.
"Rosie says ya make quite the pot of jam."
"Well I think she just wanted to make sure I stopped making tarts. She has me mass producing now – twenty pot orders."
"She has a large circle of friends and will sell this lot off in no time." 
I covered the pot and placed it at the lowest setting on the stove. It would cook for at least six hours. After washing my hands I asked how his wound was but he waved off my concern with an amused roll of his eyes.
"There’s fear of me."
"Well, keep it clean and change the bandage regularly."
"Yes M’am."
"Haw-haw," I smiled back. "Are you hungry?"
"I am..but I think I was supposed to have made us something to eat – wasn’t I? My one-meal show, Shepard's pie…"
"I’ll fix us up something quickly." In no time I had cheese melting over nachos with salsa and "crème fraiche" as accompaniments.
"Smells delicious" he offered.
"Easy and delicious."
"Aye."
"It’s simple, but good."
He set the table and placed the condiments of salsa and guacamole next to the nachos. I opened a bottle of white wine and poured us each a glass.
"To tha’ truth" he offered cryptically raising his glass to mine.
I chinked my glass in return but didn’t repeat his cheer. I suppose I was still wary and skeptical about many things. After he had helped clear away the dishes he asked if he could show me a place he thought I would like.
"Here on the farm?" I enquired. 
He laughed. "No Blaine. ‘Tis a little further away."
I agreed to go to this mystery place and changed my yoga pants and t-shirt for a pair of dark blue jeans, a red chiffon top and navy jacket.
"Ya look beautiful" he said taking my hand and leading me to his car.
Predictable is not something I could ascribe to Jay. We did not go to a pub as I thought we would instead he took me out in a row boat onto Mullagh Lake.
After he had rowed up as far as the North West point allowed he tied up the boat and brought me to a secluded spot where he laid out a tartan blanket …..…under a Willow tree.
"Now don’ judge me" he rushed when he caught from my expression.
"’Tis my favorite spot in the whole County ‘n I know it looks like a bad joke but truly…’tis not."
Despite the coincidence, the location was romantic, peaceful and very pleasant. We lounged on the large blanket staring out onto the calm waters.
"I realize ya know so much more about me than I know of yerself Blaine." 
Oh God. The panic began to rise in my gut. "That’s not true," I laughed weakly, "you’re the only one to know my deepest darkest secret…."
"I do?"
" Sure" I laughed "….that I’m doing time on a farm."
"Yer secret’s safe with me."
"And you – what are your secrets?
"ya’already know - I was kipping down with Big Sally."
"Oh, so you’re the kiss and tell type? That’s gonna hurt Big Sally!"
"Tis what it is, as they say."
"Tell me, are you and Patsy close?" 
He picked up a pebble and threw it far into the water. "When Kael went to prison, Patsy fell out with the whole world. Blamed everyone, including himself. N’ere a soul could make him see reason. Dee said he’d come around eventually ‘n all ’d be well when Kael’ed be back. She said tha’ we were to be understandin’ of his ways. So that’s what we do."
Silence hung between us for a while until he asked about Boston. I suppose he expected me to tell him everything, but I couldn’t bring myself to talk about it. He nodded his understanding and perhaps his disappointment, then packed up everything and rowed us back to the car.
Wishing the drive back would pass quickly I closed my eyes and just imagined going back to my Willow tree.
"Wake up Blaine, we’re here."
"Oh God –I fell asleep again!!!"
"I don’t know why ya bother fightin’ it –ye’re obviously a close relative of Dozy the dwarf so get over it."
I looked out the window and saw we were already back at the cottage. Kael’s belongings remained untouched under the bed. Jay had led me to my bedroom door and hesitated for a second before leaning in and kissing me softly. Parts of my body were tingling like electric pulses were being produced just from the sound of his breathing. I pulled myself closer to him. He responded by moving his arms around my waist. My heart fluttered madly, my breathing came fast.
"I don’t think ya realize what ye’ve done to me Blaine Hanley. I’ll never be the same again that’s for sure."
I couldn’t respond in kind. My feelings for him were unclear as if there was a fog of sorts blinding me. That fog was the other world I visited and until I knew if it was real or not, or if I wasn’t losing my marbles, I couldn’t trust any of my feelings. All I could do was recognize what I was feeling while in the moment.
"I know ya don’t feel that way about me now." I went to protest but he placed a finger near my lip "…..but if ya do one day…. I’ll be here." Then he broke away and went to his bedroom. The man had control; I could not deny him that.
Once I was alone, I grabbed Kael’s belongings from under the bed. My hand flew to the most personal item, the writing pad of sorts. Flicking quickly through the pages I noticed elaborate sketches, diagrams and notes of all sorts. I decided this needed to be carefully reviewed. After making a cup of Moon Elixir tea, and checking the Jam, I curled up in the armchair and began to peer into Kael’s world under the willow tree.
Amongst the vellum pages lay the chaotic writings, signs, symbols and designs of a person I had never laid eyes on. Each leaf brought something different from the previous one, but there was nothing in them I could understand. Some of the symbols resembled the swirls on Fallon’s breast plate, others were rudimentary yet ancient weapons. There were also sketches of various angles of the settlement. 
The notepad seemed to be just one drawing after the next until I found a long list of English words translated to another language. A mini dictionary? Quickly scrolling down through the lists, I tested my theory by looking at the word "Fight" and found an equal sign followed by the word Kemdhe. I gasped. My fingers passed over many words, basic conversation which could finally allow me to communicate with Fallon, or at least attempt to. More pages on and the translations stopped – and we were back to more sketches. A large image centered on the page was instantly recognizable – the brooch of Tara. Understanding fell into place. They had requested the same thing of Kael. His reaction must have been similar to mine as huge exclamation marks flanked the sketches. Words of Fallon’s language figured further below. "Claim", he was saying "Restore." A deep shiver ran up my spine. Just then the timer rang to tell me the jam was ready and I had to put away the notes. I spent the next couple of hours pouring jam into the sterilized jars before falling into bed in the wee hours of the morning.

Dutifully, I attended to the milking of the cows and for some reason Jay was very chatty.  I can’t say I tuned into everything he was saying, as my thoughts were still focused on what I had learned from Kael’s notes. One thing was sure, Fallon absolutely needed that brooch. He had requested it of two people. But why? It had been gone for a couple of centuries. So why look for it now? What could it change for the settlement? Logically, it all seemed to be ludicrous. It also proved I wasn’t crazy because two people, who had never met, couldn’t make up the exact same request to get the same item.
"The vet’s comin’ back later for his bag" Jay recounted, "the wife had a strappin’ baby girl – ‘n all are well."
"Mhhmmh."
There had been one page in that note book that truly got my attention. It was a sketch of a young woman. Her naked body lay gracefully on a bed. Her hand supporting her head as shapely eyes veered timidly towards the artist. Long raven hair covered her breasts, while another hand cupped a rotund stomach. There was no mistaking she was pregnant either. But who she was……and what she was to Kael was anyone’s guess.
"Everything okay, Blaine?"
Now I had no idea where in time Fallon’s world was, but I had observed enough to see this was a structured society with families and probably strict morals concerning drawing naked pregnant women. To get this level of intimacy there would have to be a commitment between them – a bond of some sorts. Marriage? But who was this woman married to? Kael was obviously the artist here but he had been in prison for at least two years now, and wouldn’t get involved to this extent. Did Fallon draw this? Was this Fallon’s wife and unborn - or perhaps now already born – child. Oh sweet Lord!!!! He’s a married man. 
I needed to get a clearer picture and the only way to get that was to return to the cave.
"Blaine?" Jay’s expression was one of concern. "Are ya all right there?"
"Fine" I smiled. "Just lost in my thoughts." Not a lie either.
"Anything ya need to talk about?"
"Divil a bit" I teased. That seemed to appease whatever had him worried and after finishing up the milking we headed back to the cottage for breakfast.
Once showered and changed I went to see Jay in his room just to check his wound. Really. When he protested I lifted his t-shirt over his chest, removed the bandage and closely checked the healing process. I pulled him to the bathroom, cleansed and changed the wound then scrubbed my hands.
"Everything looks good" I pronounced like one with a vast amount of medical knowledge.
"It certainly does!" he said brushing my hair off my shoulder, tipping my face up and kissing me urgently while removing my top and bra in record speed. Connie chose that exact moment to show-up, calling to me from the kitchen.
"I’ll be right there Connie!" I answered from the bathroom, as I dressed in panic mode. Jay stood by cool as a cucumber until I went to pass him by then he grabbed my hand gently and said "hurry back."
Connie enthusiastically dragged me off to Kells, where a new nail salon had opened, promising to buff and polish our nails to perfection. She was so excited I didn’t dare dampen her spirits by mentioning what I had originally planned on doing, or worse, my slim wallet. My paltry budget did not allow for such luxuries. I decided to keep quiet, and told myself I’d manage somehow to pay off this mega treat.
When my feet touched the warm water I let out a deep sigh of pleasure. My eyes closed as a wide smile broke across my face. This was soooooo worth eating spaghetti for the next week. Connie chatted away giving me minute details on her activities since last we met. I listened attentively while my limp feet and hands were scrubbed, my cuticles soaked and cut, my skin exfoliated, creamed and massaged and my nails trimmed and colored in deep blood red. 
As whirring fans accelerated the drying process, Connie reached across the high counter where we were sat and nudged me with her elbow, "you’ve been very quiet! What the feck’s going on? Anything happen between yourself and Jay?" 
Her eyebrows wiggled deviously and I couldn’t help but blush madly. "NO!" I whispered loudly. "I’ve been nowhere, saw no one, did nothing…okay!"
"Sounds like a lie to me!" she teased. "Now tell Aunty Connie all about it. What’s he like in the "leaba"?"
""Leaba"!?"I squawked. "I didn’t go to bed with him."
"Who said anything about feckin bed! There’s loads of hay in that barn."
"You’ve a one track mind Connie."
"I know what I see, now do tell."
"There’s nothing to tell" I insisted. "He’s committed to that farm like a marriage." I don’t know where that came from but I suppose I had to say something to get her to change the subject.
"Married to the farm?" Her teasing expression turned to one of pity.
"Well you’re not the first woman to describe him that way."
"I’m not?"
She looked to either side of her, decided we didn’t have enough privacy then leaned in closer. I lowered my ear to her mouth.
"He married a few years ago. The girl was from Billywood, I think. Anyway she was an only child and ran her elderly parents farm while looking after them. Rumor says she always thought Jay would sell his farm and come live with her, but he didn’t. She spent more and more time with her parents and less time with him." 
Connie readjusted her position for optimal drying before continuing at a more normal distance, but her voice was still very low. "Some say they weren’t often together - barely saw each other at all. So naturally when she went missing Jay was the number one suspect. He got a very bad beating in custody from one of the gardai. They wanted him to confess, but he didn’t. The autopsy showed the poor woman had drowned. Threw herself into the Boyne River she did – according to the gossipers. That didn’t help Jay’s reputation. He’s been blamed for everything from throwing her in to driving her there."
I shook my head with pity for this man. What a life!! I pressed my lips together in guilt. My behavior certainly hadn’t made things any easier for him. At least with Dee he had found a home where he was loved and accepted.
"He must be very tough to get through all that and still have faith in anyone…you know...like people..in general." 
Connie threw me a wry smile. "I thought you two would be perfect for each other. You’re free, he’s free – and sure feck yez are both gorgeous albeit complex. So yeah! I’d see yez together."
"Well nothing like that’s going to happen Connie so….."
"Rosie says otherwise."
"Excuse me!!!" All heads turned in our direction at my loud exclamation.
"Miss Bee" she whispered "I’m only the feckin messenger, so take it down a notch. Okay!?"
I spoke softly "she sent you to give me a message?" 
Connie frowned "no….well, kind of...I went to see her before picking you up."
"And? What did she say?"
"Look I don’t know what she meant."
"Try me."
"She said……hang on how did she put it again? It doesn’t make any sense…"
"What Connie?? What?"
"Feck….. she said…ahm the decision you made will seal you to him. Make sure it’s the one you want."
"Huh" I scoffed, "well that doesn’t make any sense." She looked relieved.
"Thought the same thing myself." The timer on the air dryer dinged signalling our varnish was dry.
"We’re done!"
When I went to pay at the reception Connie smiled and gently pushed me out the door.
"It was my treat Miss Bee."
I knew my finances were tight but having someone paying for me didn’t sit right."I’m not okay with that, so tell me what it cost and I’ll pay you."
"I’m not going to fight with you, but if it makes you feel better I’d love a jar of your jam. I had some at Rosie’s and it was divine."
"Then you have a deal" I smiled. She’d be getting a case of the stuff.
The moment Connie dropped me home, I scurried off to Cherrymount Hill, the notepad tucked under my arm. Genny tried to butt me twice but I managed to get through the field unscathed. I raced up the steep slope until I reached the Willow tree.
The enveloping warmth instantly appeared, sleep came with the feeling of floating through the earth and I was carried softly to the slab below. I waited in the dark not wanting to call his name in case the two soldiers would return. A noise – like labored breathing followed by muffled murmurings made me sit up alert.
"Fallon?" I called out softly.
The noise of a blade being drawn from its sheath made me spin around. Arlen stood with a terrified look on his face, as if he had seen a ghost. He whispered something under his breath stepping cautiously toward me. In a movement that looked like he was trying to catch a wisp of smoke, his hand reached out but instead of passing through me, as he thought, it landed on my shoulder making me stumble. Without looking away from me he called something out over his shoulder.
"Fallon?" I asked again ignoring Arlen’s semi-threatening behavior. "It’s Blaine."
He did not appear. "Fallon?" I repeated worriedly ignoring his look of horror.
Arlen finally seemed to realize I wasn’t other-worldly and lead me into obscurity. As I stumbled forward the sharp breathing became louder. "Fallon?" I cried sensing something was terribly wrong.
"Blaine?"
Rushing into the secluded alcove I found him lying down covered in sweat, the stench of blood was overpowering. He gasped, his face paled just as Arlen’s had. They probably thought I was a ghost. I reached out and held him in a tight embrace.
He was talking a mile a minute and even though I couldn’t understand the words, somehow I knew he really believed me dead. As if the wind was suddenly knocked out of him he released me. He looked terribly weak as he lay down on the cold rock. I rested my hand against his and felt his body trembling. I stepped back looking for the source of blood loss. "Where are you hurt?"
Arlen carried the torch closer. I gasped the instant I saw it. The wound was on his thigh. Blood was pooling around his leg. If I didn’t do something soon he would die. I grabbed the torch from the man’s hand and put it closer to the wound. It appeared deep and infected. He’d need stitches and antibiotics at the very least. None of these things could be found down here that’s for sure. I needed to bring him up to the tree and get medical aid fast. By gesturing I was able to get Arlen to place a cloth over the wound but it was not effective in stopping the slow trickle of blood.
It took some time and explaining but I managed to have Arlen put Fallon on the slab. Both had protested something awful but I was determined. After placing myself beside him I waited for us to ascend but nothing happened. Arlen just shook his head with an " I told you so" air. I removed my t-shirt to tear a long strip and placed it above the damaged spot tying it tight to form a tourniquet. Fallon was shocked at seeing me in my bra, maybe it brought back memories of the deadly dip in that hot spring. No matter, my goal was to treat him as best I could. I had Arlen press on the wound and even though I knew they wouldn’t understand, I still pointed up to the tree trying to show I was coming back again. Fallon’s hand grabbed mine and he shook his head hard. I looked into his eyes as a plea for understanding, but his hand held mine tightly.
"Trust me" I whispered as my fingers passed through his hair. Arlen cursed as he dragged Fallon back to the dark alcove.
Running towards the milk shed in my red bra and jeans made Jay’s eyes widen. If he was going to say something the look I gave him and the sharp shake of my head sent a clear message to back off. Nula’s calf struggled to free himself from Jay’s arms but he held on tightly while giving him some medication. Jay’s lips pressed together angrily as he watched me take the vet’s bag, but I sprinted away before he could say anything. There was no time for an argument. 
The ground didn’t lower me to the cave. This was a first and the timing was lousy. Granted, I wasn’t sleepy or exhausted, if anything I was pumped with adrenaline and scared as hell that Jay was about to burst through the branches and haul me back to the cottage. Fallon needed my help or he would die and I was ready to fight tooth and nail to get to him. Closing my eyes, I took a few deep calming breaths and asked the willow spirit to carry me to the cave. It took a moment but my mind seemed to enter an alpha-like state and with great relief I felt myself floating to the slab. 
I couldn’t measure how much time had passed since I left Fallon, hopefully not long. As I descended from the stone, Arlen emerged from the shadows his expression one of surprise. Fallon however had believed me and beamed a wide but weak smile. I knew there was no way I could treat him here in the cave –we would need to be outside. I turned to Arlen, showed him what I needed him to do to treat the wound. Without a word he pulled his friend off the ground and between us we shouldered most of his weight. Well, Arlen did. Fallon weighed a ton but I carried him to the best of my ability. He hid the pain but he couldn’t hide the weakness and several times we stopped so he could rest.
It seemed to take forever, but we eventually made it to the roof’s opening. The same thick hairy arm pulled Fallon through the opening while Arlen and I hoisted him from below. As I was about to reach up, Arlen stopped me. Then removing his cloak covered my semi-nakedness. I had completely forgotten I was wearing only a bra so I nodded a thank you before he lifted me through the opening.
Once in the field I ignored the fear I felt about returning to the place that had almost claimed my life. Uttering a quick hello to the eight or so surly looking men, I immediately got to work doing, I wasn’t entirely sure what. I had taken first aid and CPR courses while working at the diner. That had not included anything other than helping the person with the basics until proper medical attention arrived. This was on a different level. Fallon’s pallor was ashen making my heart lurch. He was in agony. The first thing I did was give him an injection of morphine. A small dose mind you – nothing too strong. Still, I had no idea what a small dose was. It was, after all, medication from a vet’s bag – that meant the dosage was for larger animals. Oh God. 
"Stay with me," I whispered. "You have to stay with me because if I screw up on this…neither of us will live to see the sun set." He passed out completely. That’s when my problems started. One of the larger warriors thought I had killed him and placed a large blade against my throat. The sharp edge nicked my skin and I could feel the warm blood trickling down my chest. Raising my hands in surrender, I straightened up. Arlen’s sword clashed loudly with the other man’s weapon, pushing it away with an angry growl. The attacker looked shocked.
"Arlen, gor erdet tu?"
Whatever was exchanged, I understood Arlen was giving me the green light and with him watching out for me I examined the wound. It was deep enough for me to see bone and I couldn’t help but retch. Crude laughter rang out but I ignored it, took a tweezers and began cleaning it as best I could. The stitching was nerve wracking especially as it was deep tissue and not surface skin I was working on. I used the one-stitch-at-a-time knotting then cut it carefully. Hail to years of watching E.R. I then removed the tourniquet and waited to see if the bleeding was controlled. There was a little so I dabbed it with gauze and waited. Nothing. Phew! I stitched the outer layer, bandaged the wound then waited. The morphine would surely wear off soon and I would see how he’d pull through, if he’d pull through.
While I had been working on Fallon one of the men had gone to the huts and came back with a wagon of sorts. He would be transported back to the settlement. Concerned villagers crowded around the wagon stopping it just inside the entrance. I had sat with Fallon all the way there. He didn’t wake up. I was met with looks of surprise, disdain and even fear. Fallon appeared dead, but he had a heartbeat, weak as it was. The murmuring crowd parted to make way for the elder who was accompanied by another older, long bearded man. They approached the wagon and both men spoke lowly to one another, the elder then turned to Fallon’s men and said something. It wasn’t a request. Next thing two large arms had latched onto mine and I was being extracted from the wagon. It was Arlen. He looked at me stoically – not reacting to the murderous glare I was giving him. 
The long bearded man leaned in towards Fallon, his grubby hand went directly towards the newly sutured, sterilized and freshly bandaged wound. Years of dirt seemed to be embedded under his long finger nails and he was about to touch the bandage.
"Stop!!!!!" I roared. The whole village turned in shock at the outburst. Low murmurings soon swelled to loud chatter. "You cannot touch that dressing!!!"
The bearded man was momentarily startled but tried to act like a teacher, or psychiatrist, hoping to get a slow learner or mentally unstable person to understand something. He opened his palm and sitting in the center was a small green moist looking ball. He let saliva fall from his mouth on the ball and massed it slowly then flattened it between both palms directing the gunk towards the bandage. The crowd murmured approvingly.
"No!!!" I exclaimed horrified.
Squirming away from the hands that held me in place, I rushed towards Fallon, hopped onto the wagon putting myself between him and the green paste. Suddenly, I realized that this was probably some sort of herbal medicine. The man must be a witch-doctor of sorts. A druid even!! There was no way to explain what I was trying to do. Their concept of hygiene was not what it was above the tree. Infection would become rampant, turn gangrenous, followed by loss of life or limb. I had to do what I could to protect him. 
The elder, Druid man, along with Fallon’s men and the villagers all watched me with growing curiosity. Arlen stepped forward to either remove me from the wagon, or to touch Fallon, but I would not allow him. My warning shouts and offensive stance made them at first guarded then they just laughed – as if I was a small dog trying to protect something much bigger than it was capable of guarding. I realized they were all looking at Fallon. Glancing over my shoulder I saw he was awake momentarily. He went in and out of consciousness, and every time he saw me he smiled before passing out again. Seeing I was neither a threat to the people or Fallon they allowed me to stay beside him - the dog had been found endearing enough to keep. 
The wagon was rolled to the center of the settlement where Fallon was carried off into the largest hut. Animal skins were layered on a low bed and a large blazing fire provided extra warmth even though it was not very cold outside. He remained unconscious, his body weak from blood loss. The golden breast plate still clung to his chest, metal wrist bands adorned his arms and a long dagger was strapped to his other leg, all rendering his comfort questionable. After I removed all these items, long strands of golden hair clung to his dirt covered face. I took a cloth, dipped it in a bowl of water and gently wiped him clean. Low soft moans escaped his lips, his face contorted in pain while his fists clenched and unclenched.
After a while he seemed to settle into a deeper sleep. The sound of his erratic breathing was all that was to be heard. As long as he was in this battle I would remain close by waiting for him to wake…. if he would. Reaching into the back of my jeans I removed the note pad taken from Kael’s room and began trying to learn a few words of their language. I spent what felt like hours reciting foreign words. Fallon’s sudden moan brought me out of my reverie. I laid the book aside and went to him. His skin felt hot to the touch - a fever had started. Perspiration had dampened his hair and it clung wildly to his face. I took a cold damp cloth and moved it gently across his forehead and face repeating the process many times until his restlessness abated and his body cooled. 
As I pulled the blanket over him I noticed the intricate design of the unusually shaped pendant around his neck – I had just seen one like it. My hands darted to the pad, flicking through the pages until I found the sketch. The pregnant girl lay with the exact same one. There was something else I noticed too – they were two pieces of the same pendant. I paced the soft earthen floor. Where was this woman? Was she still alive? Was their child still alive? Would she kill me for caring for her man? I may have made a huge mistake for getting involved with people I did not know and could only see by sinking through a feckin tree. Desperate to know what was going on, I grabbed the notebook hoping to find answers to the questions racing through my mind. But the sketch was the last entry. The pages following it were all blank. Everything had stopped after that. 
Feeling dejected I threw the notebook onto the bed and sat on the edge. My hands passed through my hair, for some unfathomable reason I was disappointed his heart belonged to another. I quickly shook off that ridiculous thought deciding his marital status was no business of mine. I was here to nurse him to health until he healed. Wiping away the moisture from my eyes and cheeks that surely came from the emotional rollercoaster of the day’s events, I reached across for the notebook and opened it once more to the pages containing the translations.
For the remainder of the night and into the next day I memorized every word until I could construct very basic phrases. Every now and again people would come in and out leaving food, water and firewood. I would smile hello but nobody spoke a word, nor questioned how Fallon was doing. There seemed to be a moratorium on communication with me.
Two days later when night had just fallen his fever broke. He had a few sporadic moments of consciousness, enough to indicate he was healing well. I figured after another few days of rest he would be up and about. Perhaps in a week’s time he could ride with his men again. Picking up the pad, I left the hut. The exit to the village was guarded by a man who looked warily at me then blocked my path. He let out a soft whistle which brought Arlen to his side in mere seconds. He exchanged a few words with the sentry his face expressing surprise. 
"Dunach da tu?, he enquired of me. I had learned enough to understand the question and answered simply "Saileach"
His surprise at my speaking his language lasted a nano-second before he quizzed me
 "Arus Fallon?"
Knowing I wouldn’t reveal what I saw in the note pad, I just said the name of the willow tree in their language. He shrugged resignedly then called out to the dark night air. Moments later another man from Fallon’s group appeared, a steed following contentedly behind. A brief conversation ensued then Arlen mounted the horse, he leaned towards me offering his hand and swung me up onto the saddle.
We galloped through the cold night air. It seemed to take forever until we were at the slab. I turned to Arlen and thanked him for taking me this far. He frowned deeply wanting to know why I was leaving. I returned his cloak, although he nearly died at the sight of my bra again and refused it but I insisted he take it. Jay didn’t need to see me arriving in another cloak. 
As I lay on the cold stone tears rolled down my cheeks but I managed to roughly translate that Fallon would be fine. He looked very confused. I probably hadn’t managed to translate properly. Well it didn’t matter. He would eventually comprehend what I was trying to say. The ascension didn’t occur as it had previously. I lay on the slab waiting to lift to the surface but nothing happened. Fearing I was too upset to get onto the level of relaxation necessary, I took long deep breaths until my breathing and heart beat was back to a regular pace. An hour later I was still on the slab and Arlen was still watching for my departure. By now I was freezing, my teeth were chattering. Arlen said something wasn’t right. I had no choice but to concede and go back with him to the village despite my reluctance.
When I returned, Fallon was awake but weak. His massive hand reached out for mine while another touched his heart. Sitting on the side of the bed I put my hand in his open palm and he quickly enveloped it. I was happy to see him looking better, healthier. The expression of relief that crossed his face soon turned to confusion. "Amahatigh ti?"
I remembered that word from the note pad but couldn’t bring myself to talk about why I had left. I wanted to bring up the fact that he had a wife and child somewhere but didn’t in case it was a painful subject. Instead I looked away saying "Instigaigh mé…. Ay anoi". I was here…for now - it was all I could offer. The truth was that no matter how real this world seemed to me, I was just visiting. If I could help them get the Brooch of Tara back, I’d never see any of them again.
"Snakaint té?" His eyes had widened in surprise, a huge smile crossing his face. It was the first time he heard me speak their language and that got him alert enough to begin the arduous task of trying to sit up. Once I had made him comfortable, questions poured out one after the other. He obviously considered me fluent and this was a new opportunity to communicate. More words spilled out, but there was nothing I could comprehend. My knowledge of his patois was equal to that of a toddler. I gently placed my fingers against his soft lips "Ni snakgen dom" I whispered.
He held my gaze with his piercing blue eyes understanding falling into place. His shoulders slumped slightly, the excitement had weakened him. I placed my hands on each shoulder guiding him to lie down. My hair fell from behind my ear onto his chest. In a heartbeat he had taken the ends and placed them to his face deeply inhaling their scent. All sorts of feelings gripped my heart but I figuratively slapped my face and told myself to cop on. 
Once he was positioned comfortably I moved my hands to his thigh and unravelled the bandage covering his wound. It was improving. The stitches could come out in a couple of weeks' time. While I tended to him, Fallon did not once avert his eyes from me. It took every ounce of strength not to reach across and kiss him.
With great effort I showed nothing more than clinical concern for his well-being. Once the clean bandage was in place I lifted the blanket over his body then with a strength I did not know I possessed, stood to leave. "Ni najeg dom." 
He bolted upright from the bed, his face contorted in pain. "Naich Blaine –Naich."  He tried to get out of bed to stop me from leaving but only managed to end up on one elbow. A strong arm wrapped around my waist pulling me to him. No space remained between our bodies. His hand lifted my face to his eyes. His fingers brushed over my lips "Blaine" he whispered desperately. "Aish segalt." 
My heart raced madly while my mind tried to grasp what he had just said."What’s wrong?" Then before I could utter another word he removed the pendant from around his neck and placed it over my head lifting my hair out of the way and settling it between top of my breasts. That was my third pendant I received since arriving at Cherrymount, which seemed strange indeed. His hand remained there for a moment then began to move down lower cupping it completely. He pulled me to him kissing me softly. His hands touched my nipples sending my addled mind into the beyond. I’ll never know how I found the strength to pull away but I did and found he was smiling, as if the sun was shining from within him. Seeing he was feeling more than well. I decided to return to the tree. I was able to tell Fallon that I needed to leave but would come back again soon to remove the stitches, which kind of sounded like "me go – for now".
When I stood up from the bed Kael’s pad fell from my jeans pocket on to the bed. Before I could reach it Fallon had picked it up and was quickly consulting the pages.
"Kael?" He asked.
I never got a chance to answer. His eyes suddenly fell on the image of the pregnant woman in the sketch. To say that an expression of incredulity crossed his face was an understatement. His mouth gaped open for a second then everything went very wrong.
A short time later I was descending the mouth of the cave with Arlen. He carried the vet’s bag for me in silence. My eyes stung from the constant stream of tears running down my face. Fallon had become incensed once he had gotten over the initial shock of seeing the illustration. Words, angry incomprehensible, words had been hurled at me. His loud voice had brought two of his men rushing into the hut. When he saw them, his fury grew even more, as he launched into what I guessed must have been an explanation. While they were distracted, I grabbed the discarded note pad, the vet’s bag then slipped out of the hut and ran through the darkness towards the gate. Not needing any clarification as to why I was hurrying away Arlen just grabbed my arm, flung me onto the back of his horse and immediately galloped away.
Once at the stone slab, he placed the bag on the smooth rock and looked down at me with an impassive face.
"Thank you" I whispered in his language.
His lips pressed together as if he wanted to say something but changed his mind. As I lay on the rock, the pendant fell off to the side of my neck. Before I had a chance to tuck it back inside my top, Arlen took two long strides to my side and lifted the pendant in his hand. I closed my eyes waiting for the snap of the chain that would remove the final tie to their world. It never came.
He lifted me into his arms and held me for a moment. This was too confusing. A guttural laugh burst from him and I was sure he was laughing at me. But when I looked into his eyes there was no trace of scorn, but happiness. Arlen was beaming at me like he had seen something extraordinary.
"Me dern Blaine." He held the pendant trying to get me to understand. "Tu é Fallon." Then he pointed to himself "Me dern Blaine."
It was useless. I couldn’t understand anything. I was exhausted, fed up, my eyes stung and I just wanted to leave. Still smiling Arlen stepped back, made a fist then thumped his chest twice. I closed my eyes and instantly began ascending. For some reason the slab was working now. More things I didn’t understand.
The sky was turning dark, night was not far off. I raised myself off the ground, the movement instantly calling attention to Mat and Nat. They both moved excitedly and in turn woke Jay who had fallen asleep against the tree trunk. He instantly held me close to him.
"Oh thank God!!!!! Yer safe. Yer back."
I said nothing for a long moment. My body felt too numb, too hurt to question his reaction. He smelt nice, clean……like home.
"Ya cannot come back here Blaine" he gushed "‘tis too dangerous."
When I simply nodded he understood I was agreeing with him, and maybe in one sense I was. This last visit with Fallon had not been easy by a long shot.
"Say somethin’ to me please" he implored.
"How long this time?"
"Four days."
"What!!!!!!!" Panic struck my heart. "How can someone sleep for four days straight?"
"Blaine……’tis not like ya lie here for days! Yer gone – yer body is not here. That’s what I mean when I say it’s…..it’s….".
"I’m gone?" My head felt like it would burst. "And you’ve been here all this time?"
"No…….not really." I knew that was a lie.
"You shouldn’t have. I mean there’s no need….I’m not in any danger."
"The last time I saw ya, ya were half naked ‘n looked ready to kill someone, anyone who crossed yer path. How could I not be worried?"
"What about the cows…and the other guests?"
"Arrah they’re grand. I’ve managed, with Patsy’s help."
"Oh..he’s back from Limerick?" I thought about how to phrase my next question. There was no point in being obvious. "Is Kael doing okay?"
"Fine. His release date should be around late September or early October. We’re going to get an actual date in the next couple of weeks."
"I bet Patsy’s happy with that."
"Very much so. But enough of that now. Let’s get ya home."
He helped me to my feet and immediately noticed the pendant.
"Oh sweet shite of shites – what have ya got there????" His tone was angry.
"It’s just a necklace" I exclaimed dejectedly. If one more person became mad with me without me knowing why, I was just going to get on the next bus out of town.
"That’s not just a necklace." His tone had become petulant.
"What is it then?"
"’Tis ridiculous, that’s what it is ‘n it has to stop!"
Chapter 10

When we arrived at the cottage, I went straight to the bathroom, stripped off my clothes and took the longest and hottest shower of my life. All the while the pendant remained fastened around my neck. I was unable to remove it because I felt it would be saying goodbye to Fallon forever and no matter how mad he was with me, I still, inexplicably, felt a strong connection to him. The drawing had set him off in a way I could have never have imagined possible. The reaction had been unreasonable, but there had to be a logical answer as to why. 
If there had been some way to understand what he had said perhaps I could have explained myself or at least managed to calm him down. Kael’s name had been thrown about liberally. Maybe his anger was only toward Kael. If that was true then he wouldn’t have directed his tirade at me while jabbing his finger in my direction. Maybe having Kael’s notepad in my possession made it seem to Fallon that I knew Kael. Maybe he thought Kael had sent me to Fallon. If there had been a falling-out of sorts then I would appear to be associated with Kael by having something of his with me. The only person who could give me any answers was locked away in prison for the next few weeks. And it wasn’t like I could just show up to visit. I didn’t want to ask Patsy how I would go about seeing Kael as he’d be suspicious of my motives. I’d have to sit tight until he got out.
After towelling off I put on freshly laundered pj’s then made my way to the kitchen for a cup of tea. Sleep would not be necessary given the fact that I had just had four days worth – sort of. It certainly didn’t feel like that. Research was needed. Was it just my mind that was living in the settlement or was I physically there? It felt very real but I had no answers to the many questions mulling through my mind. My thoughts were interrupted when Jay and Patsy came through the kitchen door.
"Oh, hi Patsy. I’m sorry, I didn’t know you were coming over."
Before he had a chance to respond Jay cut in somewhat rudely "look at it will ya ‘n tell me ‘tis the same." 
Patsy patted Jay on the arm and beckoned him to sit down. "I see yer makin’ tea gersha" he said casually.
"Just about to make a pot Patsy. I’ll have it ready in no time."
Shuffling slowly towards the couch in the living room Patsy rubbed his gnarled hands together. "Add a drop ‘o deh hard shtuff child."
At this, Jay sighed but stayed near me remaining silent during the tea making ritual. When three cups were poured and biscuits laid out on a plate, the three of us huddled around the small coffee table each adding milk, sugar or whiskey, in Patsy’s case, to our respective cups. Patsy drank a long sup of tea then let out a loud "aaahhhh" of contentment as the enhanced beverage burned its way down his gullet.
"Now wha’ has ya in such a dithur faith?" 
Jay looked across at me. "Show him Blaine."
"Show him what?"
"Yer new jewelry."
After placing my hair behind my ear I lifted the chain over my head and handed it to Patsy.A pair of ancient looking eyeglasses were removed from the breast pocket of his worn tweed jacket. "Hmmmmm" he murmured upon closer inspection, "ya culd say t’was deh same, buh t’isn’t."
"What do you mean?" Jay questioned with an impatient tone.
"Dere’s a wee diffrense buh’ tis almost a copy."
"Can someone please tell me what’s going on?" 
They both looked at me for a long moment then Jay turned to Patsy and said "away with ya …tell her what ya know."
With an uncomfortable shift Patsy grunted "hhmm….Kael has wan jus’ like dis ‘n if I hadn’da seen it as often as I did I’d said ‘tis deh same. But ‘tisn’t. Dis has a center swirdlee ting wit’ two knots whereas Kael’s has only dah one knot."
"What does that mean?"
"Arrah I haven’ a clue gersha!"
"So you don’t know what the pendant is or means."
"N’ere a bit! Deh boy spent days unduh deh tree. Ah’ firsht we thout’ he had run off ‘n left us, but like deh stray he is, he’d always return. He’d lock hisself in his room readin’ non-stop. One day he took off tah Dublin – said he’d be seein’ a friend. Meself ‘n Beth thout’ tha’ was a gud sign, ye know, he was finally getting away from tha’ tree. Well it near kilt Beth when deh police came to deh house an’ said they had teken him in for crim-inal act-iv-ity. Shur we hadn’t a clue wha’ tha’ ment. T’was only laythur we found ouh he had gon ‘n paid a fella to do a crime fur him."
"What crime?" I already knew the answer.
"The most insane thing he could think of -stealin’ the Brooch o’ Tara" Jay answered.
"Why?" I managed to ask casually.
Patsy threw his hands in the air "arrah Lord knows! H’d nevurh say." 
Jay spoke up "…and this happened shortly after he came back with that pendant on. Maybe now ya can understand why we have so many questions and…well concerns."
"Questions?"
"Don’t take us for eegits Blaine!!" Jay shot at me.
Patsy hushed him calmly. "Sum tings canno’ be explaint Jay. Dere are tings goin’ on heyah dat you ‘n I know nuthin of – even Blaine doesn’ seem tah know deh whole of it eithur. One ting we can be sure of tho - dere’s a patthurn heyah dat we couldn’ see ‘afore. Wha’ happen’d to Kael is happenin’ to Blaine. We hafta keep hur safe ‘n outta harm’s way. I failt Kael, but I’ll not fail this gersha."
"Can I visit him?"
Both Jay and Patsy gawked at me. Jay managed to speak first "did ya not hear what he just said – we’re trying to make sure ya stay out of trouble!"
"What’s wrong with seeing Kael?"
Patsy had tried to speak but again Jay cut him off. "Why in God’s name would you want to visit Kael?"
"He experienced similar things at the Willow tree and I’d just like to talk to him about that."
This time Patsy spoke. "I believe ya shud shpeak to Kael gersha, but I don’ tink deh visiturs room at Limerick jail is deh place to have dah kind o’ chat. So, I’ll make ya a promise – deh day I go down to Limerick to take him home ya’ll come wit’ me ‘n ya’ll have deh trip back tah talk tings thru."
"In the meantime though, no going back to the tree" Jay imposed. 
I balked at the absurdity and was about to say as much, but Patsy held up a hand. "I have tah agree Child. Yur no’ lookin too good. Best try ‘n wait ‘til ya see Kael den see how ya feel ‘bout goin’ back." Jay huffed.
"That’s being a bit easy-going."
I felt as if I was between arguing parents – the classic good cop, bad cop routine playing out.
"If she needs teh go back, den she’ll have to do jus’dah. Nun ov’ us can tell anuddur to do sumit dey don’ wanta. ‘N yerself lad, above all shud know dah."
"Yeah well yer not the one who has to see her suffer when she comes back."
"I suffer?"
"Den why da ya need to watch ‘ore her return?" Patsy probed "she has not askt dat o’ ya."
"How do I suffer?" Nobody took any notice of my question. 
Jay glared at Patsy who watched the dancing flames of the fire, a wry smirk sitting at the corners of his lips.
"I watch for her ‘cause things happen there that affect her. Do ya know what happened the last time? She came back with only half her clothes on. Did she tell ya she stole Brian Hennessey’s bag… brazen as you like?" Jay veered from Patsy to me. "What was that for Blaine? Ya gimme answers to those questions then I’ll see if ya should remain alone up there."
Patsy turned to me and with perfect calm asked "do ya wanta answur him gersha?"
"No." I folded my arms defensively as if to keep the secrets of the willow tree safe. There was no explaining things no matter how much trouble I was causing.
Jay rubbed both hands through his hair, "Patsy yer not helping here. We don’t know what’s going on or who she spends time with." 
Patsy patted Jay’s hand paternally. "Son, if ya haf sumtin to tell dah lass den ya should spake yur mind not be follayin hur around lookin’ for a chance to say whatja want tah say den not sayin’ it." 
Jay’s head snapped up."Ya don’t know what yer sayin’ old man."
"Jay!" I exclaimed in shock. "Do not speak to Patsy that way." 
Patsy nodded then rose slowly to leave. "Hav it yur way gasun. Blaine, g’nigh astor, deh auld sup was good. I’ll letja know when Kael’ll be home."
"Good night Patsy," I called as he shuffled along to the door.
"Hang on," Jay said gently but grumbling while rising up off the couch "I’ll walk ya over the road."
"I’m able to gesh home on me own."
"I know that, but Beth doesn’t think so. She’d have me hide"
"Aye" Patsy agreed "…she’s fierce dahway."
When the house was empty I began looking through the rest of Kael’s things. The books were on historical artefacts. Leafing through them he had scribbled notes on the side of every image of the brooch of Tara. Some were to do with the size of the brooch, the metal compositions, jewels it held etc. I was putting away the final book when a paper fell to the ground. I opened it carefully. Blue lines, markings, dimensions were all indicated against a white background. It was a plan of some kind. It took a second for my brain to register what I was looking at. "Feckin hell!!!" The plans to the museum! 
As I viewed the document from all angles, an idea formed in my mind which made my stomach flip with fear, but I knew this was the only way I could help Fallon and his people. I dashed to the kitchen. Under the sink where all shopping bags were kept for recycling, I extracted the museum bag which still held the pamphlets from the cashier. I quickly fanned them out on the coffee table scanning them one by one until I saw it. The black and white, elegant yet catchy, advertisement for First Class Catering boasted their exclusivity for all the museum’s events. I read through their list of services, and upcoming events, one in particular was being held in the archaeology department. Plots and schemes ran through my mind. Just then I heard Jay returning and quickly dashed back to my room shoving everything under the bed before sitting at the dresser and brushing my hair. 
He knocked gently, came into the room and stood behind me for a moment before placing his hands on my shoulders and gently massaging them. It felt lovely just as every other time he touched me. I found myself comparing his hands to Fallon’s. That certainly was weird. Could it be I had feelings for two men? I had to have been losing my marbles. Planting a chaste peck on my cheek, Jay left. I sighed. I hadn’t exactly been responsive to his touch…too distracted.
The next week was hell. On the one hand I had hardly slept more than two hours a night, if at all and exhaustion was weighing down heavily on me. The struggle of trying to ignore the call of the willow tree along with coping with this two dimension thing in addition to trying to plan a museum robbery wore me out to a new low.
Then one day it all became too much to take. The morning milking of the cows went by with Jay reverting back to being all snappy. Rain pelted down hard as I went about my chores and a harsh cold wind numbed my fingers and toes. To top it all, Genny the goat decided to chase me down ramming my legs hard enough that I fell and had to clamber over the barrier of Cherrymount Hill to escape. 
As I lay breathless and worn out on the cold wet grass I felt the loving arms of the willow tree cradling me, offering what my heart most desired. Desperate for warmth and sleep I stumbled along answering its call unquestioningly. It didn’t matter if I slept on the slab because Fallon would no longer be waiting for me below. I would be safe just remaining away from both worlds, or at least in between them. As soon as I lay on the earthen ground under the enveloping branches the instant warmth and euphoria hit me like a high octane drug carousing through every vein in my body. The sense of relief was so strong tears ran down my cheeks. How could I have resisted this heaven for so long? As the descent to the slab began., I floated like a feather carried gently on the wind.
On the cool slab I kept my eyes shut tight and turned on my side waiting for more sleep to come. The only sound in the cave was the gentle trickling of water along the walls. But soon the cool rock turned colder seeping into my bones. Sometime later my teeth began chattering and before long my entire body was shivering. There was a sound in the shadows and I knew instantly it was him, but was too afraid to see his angry face again. I could handle Jay being incensed, but not Fallon. Why? I had no idea. Maybe I was a one angry-man at a time woman.
"Blaine" he whispered as he came to sit beside me. When I did not move he reached out and held me close while cloaking me with his cape. He waited in silence watching as the heat of his body slowly began to take effect and I no longer shivered. Tilting my face up to his I saw searing blue eyes that were bloodshot and haggard. There was nothing left to remind me of the anger at the settlement. He bent his head to my forehead and grasped both of my hands to his heart."Sa, sa sa bronlager"
It sounded for all the world like an apology; his face was contrite and his eyes searched mine for forgiveness. Fatigue got the better of me and all I could do was lay my head against his chest and sleep. The last thing I remembered was his lips pressed against my hair.
When I awoke, the darkness of the cave had been replaced with the soft light of sun rays filtering down through the branches high above me and a wonderful aroma of food wafted through the air. I felt totally rested as if I had slept for days. It felt wonderful, so different from the dredge of the past couple of weeks. But this wasn’t a place I recognized. I sat up, pushing my knees against my chest. A large sheepskin pelt which had been wrapped around me fell aside. No wonder I felt toasty and warm. A crackling sound caught my attention and I turned to find Fallon sitting by a small camp fire turning something on a make-shift spit of sorts. He glanced over his shoulder smiling widely when he saw I had woken. 
Leaving what he was doing he got up and walked over to join me saying something as he sat in very close. His hand reached over and lovingly caressed my cheek, his finger gently passing under my eye. Probably noting that the haggard look was gone, I guessed. Self-consciously I passed my fingers through my hair hoping it wasn’t standing up in all directions. 
"T’a spibhe?" He gestured his hand towards his mouth. Did I want to eat? It smelt too good to refuse whatever it was. I nodded yes and watched as the animal - a rabbit or hare from what I could decipher - was removed from the wooden spit and the best pieces served to me in a small, pewter-like bowl. I took a little bite and found it to be simply delicious.
"You could sell this in Moynalty!," I joked. My smile told him I liked it, so he nodded then cut off a chunk for himself and ate in silence. Afterwards he brought a gourde filled with water he had taken from the river and got me to drink. He led me down to the water and we washed our hands. 
He chatted away lightly, most of what he said I couldn’t understand, except for the odd word – fish, water, cave. The question of the identity of the pregnant woman still remained a mystery but the quiet peaceful setting of the sheltered woods did not seem to be the time to return to that particular discussion.
"How is your leg??" I asked pointing to his thigh. He smiled, stood up, pulled down the pants under his tunic then proudly pointed to where there once had been a gaping hole. His black stitches stood out in contrast to the pink flesh and I knew that no discoloration meant it was time to remove them. I moved in close, unsheathed his dagger which caused him to lean in and smell my hair. I moved back with a smile then placed the blade over the fire to sterilize it. When it was cool again, I flicked through the stitches while he hissed in pain then removed the pieces of thread. There was no bleeding and I motioned him to raise his trousers which he did after giving the same wry smile. 
I watched him walk back to the spit and throw dirt over the logs quenching what remained of the fire. Through his lips he whistled a high pitched call that brought his horse sauntering back obediently. I noticed his men were nowhere to be seen; a rare occurrence. The only time they had not been with him was when he had been recuperating in the hut.
"Arlen?" I asked looking around me. His eyes followed me then he shook his head giving me a quizzical look.
"Blaine medagin Fallon" he smiled pointing towards himself then me.
"We’re alone" I whispered all the while trying to ignore the sudden feeling of butterflies fluttering around inside. He lightly patted the steed’s neck before mounting him and next thing I knew he had swung me up and my arms were holding his waist tightly, as we rode off to God only knew where. Not swimming that was for sure.
The cantering horse carried us over countless fields stopping only when we had arrived back at the entrance to the cave. He dismounted stopping to check the approaching dark clouds and a wide smile broke across his face. He was so beautiful. It was as if the spirit of the wind sailed through him. Admittedly I felt disappointment as he helped me down from the horse. I had hoped our time together would not come to such a sudden end. Most of the time spent in his company, I had been asleep and since waking up I had not been able to find a way to sort out what had happened the last time. His angry face and gestures still flashed through my mind. It would be a lie to say I had not been afraid of him at that precise moment. 
His voice called my name from within the cave. Without a word I descended into his waiting arms. He held on to me, gently lifting my face so our eyes met. He whispered something I could not understand then suddenly his lips were pressed softly against mine. His arms held me tightly against him, but there were too many unanswered questions weighing on my heart stifling the desire such a kiss would have surged from deep within me. 
The lack of reaction did not go unnoticed. His lips parted from mine, his brow quizzical. His eyes searched mine for an answer and when none came he asked with a somewhat pained expression what was wrong. I shook my head, smiled briefly knowing it did not reach my eyes. He did not seem convinced but said nothing. We made our way through the labyrinth in silence.
As we neared the slab I slowed to a stop then turned to say goodbye but he pointed towards the yellow glow. I did not understand. He placed his fingers to his lips then began to lead me towards the forbidden passage. I stopped abruptly my eyes widening in surprise. He said nothing but held my hand and moved forward. The passage was similar to the others we had meandered through on the left side; the only difference in this one was the dim yellow glow. We had not walked far when Fallon stopped then pointed ahead before unsheathing his sword.
This didn’t make sense, not after all his prior warnings. There was danger here, something that could get him hurt. I stood still, dropped my hand from his and folded my arms in protest. There was no way I was running after trouble of any kind again. I had had enough already. But Fallon was not taking no for an answer and beckoned me forward. I didn’t budge. When he disappeared around a corner I had no choice but to follow him. Although nothing about this insane idea felt right.
We navigated the winding passages, Fallon moving slowly, patiently with my pace. The glow became brighter as we continued on between endless walls of glistening black rock. When we turned one corner in particular the yellow glow became a bright light that hurt my eyes. We stopped at a wall with a narrow opening with a thick grid of sorts. He motioned me to go to one side as he went to the other. He glanced quickly though the latticed bars then signaled me to wait. Slowly the light began to dim. When the yellow glow offered no more luminosity than a normal sixty watt bulb Fallon peeked in once more then moved back as he was. He gestured to look in. There was a great hall with a large smooth surfaced grey stone floor. There were many windows with yellow stained glass which explained the strange glow. When the sun shone through it created a sun-like effect inside the hall. In the center of the floor was a massive gold carving of a sleek feminine form. 
The statue must have a great importance as it was carefully guarded. Ten men with large gold-headed spears and visor-like helmets stood stoically in semi-circle at the statue’s base, their backs to the figure. They were dressed identically as the soldiers who rushed through the cave the first time I met Fallon and Arlen, but this time they wore helmets. My gaze returned to the statue. There was something captivating about how the head was slightly inclined toward the heavens, how even though her eyes were closed the prayer she offered was visible. Her ornate crown completed a majestic if not spiritual allure. Spoiling the work of art was a gaping black hole sitting dead center below the neck. Two parts of the long golden cloak should have been joined by something like a brooch. The brooch of Tara!! It had been removed from there? Fallon wanted the brooch to return it to this statue. 
As these thoughts were going through my mind something that I can only describe as a hallucination happened when a spirit form emerged from the statue. The bluish white feminine figure covered in a white veil-like dress was a more beautiful copy of the shell holding her. Glowing skin, sad colourless eyes, soft lips and long billowing hair floated toward me. Fear made my heart race madly and I wanted nothing more than to flee, but something in her gentle smile kept me riveted. When she was no more than a few inches from the bars, her head bowed momentarily. Shakily I attempted to return the greeting in the same manner "heh…hello."
"Vennachtai" her voice echoed softly. I had no idea what she said just. My mind raced to recall that word on Kael’s list but nothing rang a bell. This linguistic impairment thing was getting under my skin - seriously. "Sorry" I uttered with a sigh preparing to explain my lack of understanding. "I’m not from……."
"Willow child!" The spirit interrupted with a more sharp whisper. Gone was the soft ghostly tone. Now the voice exuded power and authority. "Long have I called to you but only now you present yourself." 
Called to me? Presented myself? I had never heard or seen this woman, or ghost, or spirit, or whatever it was before, so I thought she had me confused with someone else. I mean you could never forget seeing or hearing something like this. Just as I was about to point to that fact she continued.
"Wickedness, greed and evil power has trapped me here." Her head shook as she closed her eyes, "Great injustice has fallen on my children. They are mired in a fog that blinds them and they are forgetting me, rejecting me. They follow a tribe who sees them as nothing but waste. Those who cling to my memory feel abandoned. They think I do not hear their cries for help. They do not know each plea for help pierces my heart." 
Her sadness was overwhelming. I needed to know who this tribe was, where were they? I tugged on the iron bars looking for a way to release the spirit but her pitiful look stopped my pathetic attempt. 
"No Willow Child. The power of ten binds me." My eyes shot to the ten guards. That must be what she meant by the power of ten. "Only one thing can release me."
"What is it?" I begged, eager to help her plight.
"My heart. That which binds me to my people."
"Your heart?"
"It is tied within what they call The Brooch of Tara, but it is in your time – your world."
"They keep it in a prison" I whimpered, "like this one, where guards keep it under constant watch. I can’t……." 
Her smile had made me stop blubbering. "Fallon pays for the offenses of his father. But he is a faithful servant, you must let him guide you in his quest to free me and my people."
"Who are those soldiers?"
"They are part of the curse – the living dead. They are evil men who have passed on from their natural lives but are held here to keep me bound. They will harm you Willow Child. Do not let them capture you." Suddenly the spirit began to float back to the golden shell from which she had emerged. "Restore it before the next East wind blows or we will have to wait until Beth." 
And just like that she was gone.
I didn’t know how long I remained staring at the scene before me, but the clouds began to disperse rendering the light too blinding to watch. I turned to Fallon but found the tip of a sword one inch from my throat. A non-helmet-wearing soldier with nice eyes but an ugly grin hollered out in a deep baritone growl while he stared me down. I feared he had seen and heard the spirit lady and threw Fallon a panicked look. He was out cold on the ground, two soldiers towered over him swords extended to his heart. Another soldier appeared in response to the growl, grabbed my hands and tied them in front of me. To say I was in a pickle would be an understatement. 
The sudden vicious tug on my restraints made me stumble and fall earning a raucous chorus of laughter from the soldiers. A faceless pair of strong hands gripped my arm roughly hoisting me up before planting a vicious punch to my cheek. The blow sent me to the ground quicker than scour through a heifer. Both eyes seemed to be in the same socket, my stomach fought to keep its contents and my jaw felt it had relocated to my forehead. I went to sit up but felt a cold hand creep inside my blouse and I batted it away with what strength I had, all the while kicking at whoever was near me. More boisterous laughter filled the air. My eyes regained focus as I was re-hoisted off the ground. 
Two guards lead the way while one flanked either side of me. I threw a nervous glance over my shoulder and saw two other soldiers struggling to drag Fallon’s unconscious body along the ground. Biting my lip in fear, I offered a silent prayer of help to the spirit lady promising the brooch in return for Fallon’s safety and freedom. Two guards ahead of me turned down a narrow passage. The soldier to my right went ahead while the one to my left went behind me. I had taken a few steps when suddenly a hand covered my mouth and I was lifted into the air and turned in the opposite direction. I kicked in protest until I saw Arlen knocking the soldier behind me hard on the head, then running on and performing the same modus operandi on the man who had gone in front. Arlen signalled his man to let me go then we all made a beeline for the stone slab where most of the men from the settlement stood.
"Fallon?" I whispered urgently. Arlen simply pointed the way forward with a harsh word and a worried glance over his shoulder. I knew he wouldn’t have left him alone so I ran through the passage following the light of a torch further up ahead. Arlen passed the stone slab pulling me deep into one of the hidden crevices. Despite several members of the settlement being present, absolute silence reigned. The bodies of the dead soldiers were probably already discovered and their comrades would surely be gathering reinforcements to seek revenge, but if there was a sentiment of urgency in the air it was undetectable. Instead all eyes were riveted on Fallon who was just coming to. He groaned as he rose weakly to his feet. One of the men dashed forward and tapped his shoulder as he placed a finger to his mouth telling Fallon to be quiet. The man then gripped Fallon’s large upper arm to steady him until he felt stronger. 
I pushed past Arlen stopping in front of Fallon. My eyes roamed his face worriedly while my hands travelled through his hair feeling for injuries. A large protruding lump sat at the base of his skull. It had taken quite a blow to knock-out a man of his stature and I hoped he wouldn’t have any neurological repercussions. Not sure why I was thinking like that, or why I would be concerned about him in later years. I asked if he heard the whisperings of the great statue. He didn’t seem to have a clue as to what I was saying. His hands covered mine as his eyes took in my face. I smiled to hide my confusion. There was nothing to prove any of this was real, yet every cell in my body told me it was. When he wrapped his arms around me I couldn’t help but lean upon his hard chest, inhale the sweet smell of lavender with a hint of pine, sweat and earth. 
Arlen cleared his throat signalling to all that more pressing matters were at hand. With that Fallon held me at arm’s length before guiding me back to the slab. I pushed myself to try communicating about the other burning issue – that of the pregnant woman in the sketch. With my limited knowledge of his language and with some gesturing I managed to make my query understood. He glared at me for a moment then shook his head in defeat. Reaching roughly inside his tunic he took out his pendant reached across and lifted mine from under my v-necked tee-shirt then put the pieces together. They fit into one another perfectly.
"Deg ag tu dom. Go er alt."
"You and me. That’s all there is" I repeated. He was trying to assure me there was no one else and I believed him. It didn’t answer my question why he got so angry and the only way I could find that out was if I learned more of his language. I separated the pendants, hugged him quickly before climbing onto the slab and lying down. 
His hand stroked my face "luath go snart." come back fast he whispered. I smiled, closed my eyes and immediately felt myself ascending to the surface.
I lifted myself upright and took in the setting sun, the tall dry grass swaying gently in the warm evening air, and Jay’s furious face. Quite a stark contrast to the kind one I just left below. I thought if his attitude didn’t change soon I would have to tell him to move back in with Big Sally.
"Well! Are you just going to sit there and say nothing?" he balked. 
Before I could say get a word in, he started to rant about how I never heeded a word he said and only spent my time warming the grass under the willow tree. Having neither the energy nor the willpower to contest his cutting comments, I raised myself up silently and although I wobbled for the first few steps, managed to keep a steady pace back to the cottage with Jay in tow still ranting. When I reached the cottage door he went to follow me in, but I closed it on him pushing the dead bolt into place. This sent his anger off on another level but I left the din for the gloriously hot water of my shower.
After changing into freshly laundered jeans, a hoody and some running shoes, I heated up a snack of leftovers from the fridge and ate ravenously. The first sound of knocking on the kitchen door I ignored, certain it was Jay looking to have another go at me. But with the second knock came Patsy’s voice. "Blaine? Are ya home Gersha?" 
I hopped up off the chair quickly unbolted the door apologizing before I had even opened it. Patsy stood smiling at me, but he was not alone beside him was a man barely twenty two, not much taller than I, with brown wavy hair tied back in a ponytail and a thin pale face. Two large brown eyes looked out from under long dark eyelashes giving him a boyish air.
"Dis is me son Kael" Patsy announced proudly. 
My hand shot to my heart, "oh my God! I feel awful, you were released and I wasn’t even there to meet you!!!"
"Arrah no frettin’ child" Patsy chided "deh tree hadya an’ sure Kael go’ out two days ago, ‘n we’ve caught up as dey say. Now ‘tis yur turn tah talk tah one annudder ‘n well……….yeh know." And with that he turned away leaving me with the man who held all the answers to my questions. Or so I hoped. 
After an awkward moment of silence I eagerly invited Kael inside. I was so excited I did not know where to begin. Sitting at an angle to one another around the fireplace, I poured us each a glass of white non-plonk wine and offered him a glass. He looked at it as if I had served up the Ebola virus. "Would you prefer a beer?" 
He looked relieved. "Cheers yeah. Dat’d be great Tanks?" 
I returned from the kitchen with an ice cold glass filled with a frothy headed ale. He took a long mouthful and wiped the excess head from his upper lip with the back of his hand. I waited to see if he wanted to speak first but Kael seemed reluctant or maybe shy…I was not sure which. I decided to break the ice. "Must feel good not to have the sound of those bars close on you every day. There’s nothing more depressing than that loud metal clang." 
He gave me a strange look. "Ya sound like ya’ve eidur watched too much tv or ya’ve been behind deh bars yerself." 
My cheeks flushed red with shame. "I……I..ahm… did a small stint "inside" as they say, but it was all over as soon as I was bailed out and…. self-deported." His eyes widened for a moment before he broke into a hearty chuckle.
"Wha prison?"
"In..ahhhh….Boston."
"Boston???? As in America?" 
I nodded as heat rose in my cheeks.
"Really?" 
I nodded yes, but was beginning to regret having said anything at all. Even Jay knew none of the significant details only that I had been in jail – not the why.
"What did ya get jailed for ‘n why are ya out?"
"Ahmmm….I’m not sure I want to talk about that."
"Lookit" he said with sudden intensity "Me Da tinks yer sound out and says ya want to talk abou’ deh tree. Buh oi couldn’ give a fuck abouh wha he tinks. So if we’re goin tah discuss deh tree…. oi need to know who oim dealin’wit." 
Stung by his callous disregard for Patsy who cared for and loved him so much, I was tempted to tell Kael to go home. Instead an inner voice urged me to challenge him and not be intimated by his attitude. Straightening my back in an attempt to show courage, I eyed him with as much determination as I could muster, and scoffed "how do I know who I’m dealing with?"
"Play no games wih me missy" he hissed not buying my false bravado for a second. 
Leaning forward he rested his elbows on wide-spread knees. "Ev’ryun knows some version or other of me story cause ‘tis a small village….but nobody knows fuck all abouh yew. So wha’s yours." 
Clearly he was trying to intimidate me and was for all intent and purposes, succeeding. And why wouldn’t he? Wasn’t he just released from prison? That was no place for softies. That was a place where you came out untrusting, calculating and….a survivor. I couldn’t help but wish that Jay was here with me…as back up. That wasn’t happening so telling the truth was the only way around this impasse. "I don’t know your story."
"Tell meh yurs ‘n oi’ll tell ya moine."
"Well…okay then." I filled my wine glass to the brim, knocked it back then explained, "I had a boyfriend –who I loved….and thought loved me, but he met my roommate’s boobs and long story short, he fell for them. She forged my signature on my boyfriend’s joint bank account, emptied it, then got a restraining order against me because I apparently harassed her - meaning I had to leave my apartment. I was…well..kind of homeless and had no choice but to sneak back once to pick up some clothes and she caught me, called the police saying I did not keep one hundred feet away from her like I was supposed to and I was placed under arrest…..that lead to me losing my job. I had no job prospects, no money and no choice but to return here. I had to ask Iris for my airfare, that’s how stuck I was and that’s how she knew when to pick me up at the airport."
"What happen to deh boyfrien?"
"He moved in with Bernice but has been leaving me messages here asking where his money is. He doesn’t know Bernice has it."
"Lotta trubble for a fella."
"That wasn’t trouble…..the trouble started when my mother found out about my immigration problems. That’s how I ended up….." well I couldn’t say ending up at Cherry Mount cottage was a bad thing. If my mother hadn’t sent me here I wouldn’t have met Jay or Fallon for that matter. Nor would I have gotten some of the best sleep in my life. So while my romantic feelings towards Jay and I suppose Fallon, were confusing, at least I wasn’t in prison anymore or with Luca and Booby Bernice- "helping out here."
"Yar muddur made ya come heyah tah dis shithole tah work?"
"Cherrymount isn’t a shithole?? I mean there is a lot of poop to rinse out in the dairy barn but….Iris had Dee’s best interests..."
"Wha’ a bitch!"
"Hey! Hold on now!" I exclaimed indignantly. "Don’t say that!" Whatever I felt toward Iris was between us. This stranger had no right to be interfering…even if I was somewhat in agreement. "Iris… was simply ensuring that by me being here, Dee’s farm did not go to rack and ruin." 
His sudden loud guffawing belly laugh felt like a slap across the face and I tried to suppress my anger by pressing my lips together very tightly.
"Iris Hanley???" He laughed even harder. "Iris Hanley? As in Iron Maiden Hanley?"
"Don’t call her that" I blurted.
"Righ’ then….but oi have a shitload more of names for dat woman."
"Then keep them for yourself."
"She’s evil." 
I did not want the conversation to be about Iris, so I directed things towards the obvious. "What happens to you when you go under the willow tree?" He caught the change of subject and became wary.
"Patsy says ya’ve been dere, so ya know wha’ happens?".
"I know what happens to me but what I want to know is what happens to you."
"I sleep for a while den……ahm….I wake up feelin gud…. ‘n dat’d about it."
"Kael,…." I said in defeat "please tell me what you have learned about that place. I’ll go mad if I don’t know." 
A long sigh escaped his lips. He seemed to mentally weigh the pros and cons of what he was about to say, but opted for talking about it anyway.
"Have ya evur come back lookin different than when ya went dere?"
"Yes. I had a beautiful daisy and hairstyle thingy…"
"Do ya still hav’ it?"
"The daisy? Yes. Why? It must be withered by now."
"Leh me see it." I dashed to the bedroom and came back carrying the dried flower. His hands reached out and touched the petals for a long moment then he raised his eyes to mine and spoke."Who d’ja ya spend yur time wit?"
"Nobody. …well just someone who got injured. I helped stop the bleeding."
"A heroine, eh?"
"First aid…..that’s all." 
Kael looked at me for a long moment then suddenly nodded as if he decided he could trust me. "Dere are tree tings ya need to know. One - dere time is pre-Celtic. Two –dey’re a tribe apar’ from any uddur in Ireland and Tree- dey’re a cursed people."
"Cursed? In what way?"
"Ha’ya been asked tah bring dem a very special object?"
"Yes. The brooch of Tara of all things!"
"’N how well are ya doin’ wi’h dah request?"
"Well I refused....naturally. But their druid seems to think I’ll get it for them anyway."
"’N will ya?" His eyes probed my face, but there was a slight smirk around his lips.
"Absolutely not!!!!! I mean how in God’s name would I manage something like that? There are world renowned professional thieves who wouldn’t attempt to take cream cracker crumbs from the National Museum’s cafeteria floor – never mind a prized treasure from their state-of-the-art security system." He didn’t need to know I was formulating some sort of plan.
"’Tis no state o’ deh art’
"How do you know that?"
"Dat’s no’h important righ’ now." 
I gasped. "Oh my God!!! You’re still planning to take the brooch?"
"I’ve decided nutin’……. yet’
"If you get caught again it will kill Patsy!!"
"Arrah Nonsense – t’wont. Can’t kill a bad penny."
"How do you know? You’re not around to see how sad he is knowing you’re locked up." I shook my head "you can’t do this to him again."
"Luk, ya have no idea wha’s goin’ on, so don’ tell meh wha’ I can and canno’ do."
"I’m just looking out for Patsy."
"Look, are ya goin’tah try ‘n steal deh brooch yerself yes or no?" 
I decided to test his knowledge. "What is this brooch to them anyway? They haven’t had it for a couple of centuries. What’s a few more!"
"Blaine" his voice was pleading "Dey’re desperah tah have ih back. Dey need ih. I canno’ let dem down agin. But at least oi’ve tried." 
That comment stung. "I can’t believe you think you have a hope of pulling this off anyway. It didn’t work the last time, what makes you think it will work this time?"
"T’wuld ah worked out deh last time only deh fella oi paid tah steal it for meh…well…..t’was a bit outtah his league. Everytin’ dat cudah gone wrong wen’ wrong ‘n oi ended up doin’ time." 
He still hadn’t answered my question. "What is it about the brooch that’s so precious anyway?"
"Ha’ya been ‘round heyah when all dat eekuinox shite happens?
"I might have been. Have you?" There were obviously still trust issues.
"Deh bull……."
"King Brennus" I finished for him with a sigh.
"Roigh roigh" he nodded. After emptying his beer, I got up and got another from the fridge and placed it on the table. He nodded his thanks and after taking another long slug said "fuckin weird – in’ih?"
"To say the least!" I responded.
"Well den ya kno’ dey’re curst ‘n dat Jay is dere butler. He’s a righ eejit by the way so be shure ya stay fah away from him." 
My heckles were up, but I hid it by playing along. "Oh yeah?….their butler?"
"Yep! Sworn tah dem he is. Has tah serve dem all deh time. He shud pack up ‘n leave deh lot o’ dem, but he’s too stupid to do ih." Kael didn’t know the full story, it seemed.
"So why are they cursed?"
"Brennus dissed dere idol or sumtin by stelain those jewels and dat sent dem intah ah koinda limbo. Dey have tah wait until d’ oidol isn’t pissed off wit dem anymore – or sumtin like dat anyway."
"So you’re going to get the brooch back to the idol then what will happen?" I leaned forward anticipating his answer. 
His eyes shot to the pendant hanging from my neck. "Holy fuck of fucks!!!! Dat’s sum piece ah jewlry yah have dere." My hand flew automatically to the pendant and my faced flushed bright red. "Who gave dat tah ya?" Kael asked with wide eyes.
"Ahm…." I hesitated. I was blindsided by his unexpected question "….ahm…a man."
"Which one o’ dem?"
"One of the warriors."
"Spit it out…which one of the warriors????"
"Fallon."
"Sweet jeezus!!! Dat’s something!!"
"It is?"
"Oh Christ yeah!!"
"Why?"
"D’ya even kno’ wha’ dah pendant means?"
"Am….I suppose it means the person who gave it didn’t need it …." I stopped talking because he started to laugh, ungraciously. "What’s so funny?"
"When didja getit from him?"
"About….am" I frowned unable to calculate time spent below the willow tree, as I would have above ground "I can’t say really. Why?"
"Tah him, it means yer tah be married by deh nex full moon."
Chapter 11

"Married!!!!"
"Oh aye" he said smirking "and your Fallon dere is dah head honcho of deh tribe." 
My eyes narrowed suspiciously. "How do you know it means marriage? It could well be a meaningful gift, or a way to show we’re good friends. And anyway the older man is the leader, not Fallon. I saw it myself." 
Just then Kael pulled out his own pendant and held it up for me to see. "’Tis marraige" he scoffed. "God but ya’re on yur own planet." His head shook in disappointment, "true ‘tis not marriage as in ‘til death do us part like deh parish priest says coz dat’s kinda Catholic shite. The tribe, dey say sometin’ more along deh lines of "while life flows thru’ me"." Then he frowned shaking his head. "Nah, ‘tis more like "while duh sun still holds meh". Anyway, yu’re his other half now – deh sun’ll be holdin you – no matter wha’ ya tink. And dah auld fella is Fallon’s granfader, - elders don’t lead, warriors do." 
I kept my eye on his pendant. "Are you married?" 
He looked at me strangely but did not answer instead he changed the subject. "Didja learn deh language from deh stuff ya stole from me room?"
"I stole nothing from you!"
"Yer lyin! I came inta dis house while Jay was milkin deh cows ‘n you were undur deh tree ‘n I found my stuff…..so admit it- ya stole from me."
"I’m sorry" I squirmed. "I really was going to return them." 
He waved off my embarrassment with a wave of a hand. "Oi onlee wanted ya tah admit it. Now…wha can ya say in dere language."
"Just some very basic phrases. I still sound like me Tarzan you Jane."
"D’ya wan tah practice with me?"
"I’d really like that."
For the rest of the evening we spoke an ancient and now extinct language. I made sure I memorized the words that would help answer the many questions burning in my heart. At one point there was a long silence between us and I took advantage of that to ask him the one question he had not answered earlier.
"Who did you marry? Or are going to marry?"
"Ahm.. ‘tis late now, so..ah why don"we leave dat one ‘til tomorroh."
That night passed as any other night did in my life: sleeplessly. Early the next morning I decided to pass on the milking of the cows or any other chore. Jay would not be happy, but that seemed to be his general state of mind lately – I may as well give him a legitimate reason.
The next time I saw Fallon I wanted to understand every single word he spoke to me along with what was really going on in their world. There would be no more side-stepping any issues. The truth would come out no matter what. I made a to-do list. At the top was going to Dublin and so, I left a quick note for Jay saying I needed to see Alex and would be gone for a few days.
During the three days spent in Dublin I put into place everything I thought necessary to attempt robbing the brooch (I was not fooling myself by being confident). There was the interview with Hilary, the severely stressed out manager of First Class Catering. She was impressed with my opposable thumbs and subsequent ability to carry a tray and serve food with two spoons and immediately gave me the job. Apparently they were short staffed at five different events happening around the city over the next two days, so I was hurriedly given a black and white shirt and skirt uniform, told to change out of my glad-rags presto-presto before being dispatched to a waiting mini-van driven by Gerry. Gerry was a jolly, chatty fella with a bad case of halitosis so the trip across town was a challenge in retaining my stomach contents.
In between catering events and feeding Gerry Silvermints, my free time was spent at The National Museum. That meant I never saw Alex and Keith, although I was staying with them. I was already gone when they got up and they were asleep by the time I got back. Hilary was keeping me busy, which was fine as I made sure that I was booked for the upcoming archeology/robbery event. She also put my name down for post-heist events, but I just tuned that info out which made me feel twinges of guilt. I had too much to worry about without adding Hilary’s staffing issues to my already full list. 
With said list in hand, I noted the timing and sequence of our responsibilities. Kael was to drive me to Dublin, I would serve food to the archeology people, take the brooch, flee, meet Kael- who would be waiting in the getaway car near the museum -and avoid fifteen years in prison for treason or some similar charge. My naivety was not such that I could not see the gaping hole in the details of "taking the brooch". How was I extracting this jewel from its protected case? Would I trigger an alarm? Was the alarm silent? If so, would I only know I triggered it when a rugby player moonlighting as a security guard tackled me to the ground? I had no answers to any of these questions. I suppose I could always contemplate on them after the fact when I’d be sitting out my prime years in prison garb. 
Wiping the sweat from my forehead and upper lip, I wrote "Procurement Options". Stealth-like thievery with specialized tools wasn’t doable. I wasn’t exactly gazelle-like and I didn’t own night goggles, or a black rubber one piece. And where would I buy one anyway? A sex shop? Or was there a heist-wear boutique where only experienced robbers would go? Experienced robbers? God, I wasn’t one of them, unless you count me taking the vet’s bag that time. But there’s a big difference between taking readily available veterinary supplies and a secured national treasure. I needed to practice stealing – not the brooch but something small, something simple. 
What if I were to steal from The Bus? A Cadbury’s Chocolate Flake? If I didn’t get caught, surely I would feel more confident? I’d return the flake afterward of course..if I hadn’t PMS at the time. But at least a successful theft would be indicative of stealing abilities. My rambling thoughts ended there when I realized how ridiculously far I had strayed. I put a line through "Procurement Options" and with a trembling hand wrote Smash, Grab & Dash underneath.
On the evening of the third day, after a final catering event was over, I lied to Hilary about not being available for a little bit as I found an apartment in Dublin but needed time to move. She didn’t seem too pleased given the way she held the bridge of her nose, but finally acquiesced with a flippant wave of her hand. 
As I said goodbye to my hosts, Keith teasingly complained I had spent no time with himself and Alex. I apologized and explained that I needed a second job to get some nice jewellery. More lies!! When Alex and I did get a minute alone he jokingly asked me to spill the goddamn beans coz I wasn’t behaving normally. He didn’t believe a word I said when I told him, I simply needed time away from Jay. In fact he was hurt and rather cross. In true defensive style, he channelled his ghetto side to tell me deh weave be off, along with the nails and deh eye-lashes and not to play him like some dumb muddahfuckah!
For the first time ever we left on unfriendly terms.
I felt worn out as I entered Moynalty village and was looking forward to clean pj’s and trying to get some sleep. I’d barely had three hours shut-eye while in Dublin. Just as I was passing near the post-office I suddenly felt compelled to see Rosie. Even when I tried to ignore the feeling, my hands turned the steering wheel in the direction of her cottage despite my willing them in the opposite way. When the car pulled into her diminutive driveway she stood at the doorway arms folded across her chest and an expression of fury on her face. Immediately I knew she had willed me here. I lowered the window. My scowl matched my tone "you could have just called my mobile if you needed to talk."
"I don’t have your mobile number and you do not answer your regular landline." 
My lips pursed together when I realized she was right. I hadn’t checked my phone messages in weeks, not since myself and Big Sally were attacked with a bottle. Still I felt this was abuse of power and sighed, "so what’s up Rosie."
"Come inside." She commanded then entered the house without another word. I jerked up the handbrake in true Iris style, shut off the engine and shuffled inside.
"So" I said a little miffed, "what’s going on?" She gestured for me to sit at the kitchen table. A pot of wonderfully scented tea was already brewed and ready to drink; another clue that Rosie had been expecting me. I started sipping the tea which tasted like a mix of chocolate, orange and sunshine. God this woman was good.
"I want to know what you’re up to and do not lie to me." 
Her tea was divine but her invasiveness and snippy attitude was crossing a line. "Excuse me?"
"There is a fierce storm ahead of you child. You’re entering it alone - without any aid, or support!" 
She seemed to have more than a vague notion that something was going on but surely she could not know what I was planning. "Rosie, jeez relax! I’m fine. There’s no storm." I lied easily, "none that the Met office are talking about anyway." I drained the cup and poured another. 
A sharp expression crossed her face. "Do not take me for a fool child. I see your lies as easily as I see you sitting there." That made two along with Alex.
"I’d never take you for a fool Rosie – the Universe, Milky way and Solar Systems simply wouldn’t allow it," I announced dramatically and sarcastically. My head began to swim a little as if I had drank too much plonk on an empty stomach.
"Keep that sass to yourself Missy", she warned maternally. "Now spit it out."
"You’re not my mother – you can’t make me!" God did I really just say that? I was behaving like a stroppy teenager. I took another long sup of tea letting the soothing warmth calm my breathing. It was short lived. The look she gave me would have scared the devil back to County Clare. "I don’t want to talk about this." My tone was petulant.
"This isn’t about you. It’s about all of us, from the coven, to Jay and Patsy –we’re all connected." 
Now that was news. "How are we connected? I’m not even part of your coven and neither is Jay."
"That may be so, but as I’ve mentioned before, the coven is connected to Dee and thereby connected to you and him." 
A scoff escaped my lips. "How is that even possible? Don’t we have to chant naked under the moon to be connected?"
"Dee’s magic has joined us. When she cast that spell at the museum it was for you, for your protection. And we all contributed in providing her what she needed for that spell. So, yes we are connected, whether you like it or not."
"Rosie, I appreciate your offer of help and interference– really I do. But there will be repercussions to others if I say any more, so in the interest of some people’s general well-being and safety I need to go. Now."
"Enough!!" Rosie barked. "Have you no regard for what Dee did, what she sacrificed for you? You can sit there and throw sarcasm about all you want but you will tell me what is going on." 
She wasn’t Iris and I didn’t have to take her ultra-bossiness. When would people realize I wasn’t doing to their bidding, nor would I bend over backwards trying to please them either. I had done so before and it had given me nothing but trouble and heartache. It was time I stood up for myself. Finishing off the tea I faced Rosie. "I want to leave here on good terms with you so in order to achieve that I’ll just say that this discussion is over."
"Then you leave me no choice." 
The finality of her words sent a shiver down my spine but I chose to ignore it and walked away. I threw a glance over my shoulder and saw Rosie’s expression held a sadness I could never have imagined possible. She stretched out her arms, closed her eyes then uttered forcefully "Ut eruat te non dormiunt" 
Feeling too exhausted, I ignored her eccentric mannerisms and made my way down the narrow hallway, but felt something was very, very wrong. I was aware of how I felt weighed down, how my eyes seemed to be drooping, while my jaw slackened to a gape. My head felt as if my neck muscles were weakening and I jerked myself straight before my head lolled uncontrollably to the side. Then the weight of an invisible anchor began pulling me to the floor. I reached out and grabbed the banister just before everything went out of focus. As I let myself slide to the floor, I could make out Rosie standing over me while the changing tones of her speedily keying on a mobile phone echoed in my ear. Only then did I realize she had drugged me – the bitch!
I came to feeling like my heart was being pierced with a hot poker. I screamed into the chilly night air. I was outside? My prostate body writhed in agony while sweat covered every inch of me. I tried to get up, to somehow move away from the pain, but felt paralyzed. Was I paralyzed? My teeth clenched as flames scorched me. I could barely breathe and wouldn’t be breathing for much longer if whatever it was didn’t stop. 
Desperate to be rid of the pain, I called out for help all the while aware that the sound was nothing than a muffled gurgle. My mind couldn’t grasp what happened. The last thing I remembered was drinking tea with Rosie indoors. We argued. And then she drugged me! Was she burning me alive? Or was this a reaction to whatever that wicked bitch gave me? My back arched highly in spasms as molten lava caroused through my veins. My breath was coming in tiny gasps now. I was dying, burning from the inside out.
"Jay" I whispered weakly, "help me."
"Now!!!" A woman’s voice cried out. My eyes travelled upwards. The full moon shone brightly casting an eerie shadow over the group of hooded figures encircling me. Although their faces were obscured I knew they were all staring at me, watching me die. Would nobody help?
All of a sudden a hand hovered above me, a harsh chanting rose up from the circle and I was reminded of Jay’s experience just before the Crow claimed his soul. I fought against what was happening until suddenly cool, cleansing water quenched the lava in my veins and the pain dissipated. My rigid body went limp from exhaustion. A wonderful gush of air entered my lungs and the cold damp grass felt refreshing under my hot skin. I brushed away the matted hair clinging to my forehead and neck all the while conscious that something felt very different within, as if a part of my inner core had been altered. What that was, I had no idea. My body began to shake violently in the aftermath of the pain. A hooded figure knelt beside me.
"Drink this" he said gently. "It will help your body recover." 
Despite much scepticism about ingesting liquid from an unknown source, I needed to regain control over the shakes and knocked back what tasted like sweet mulled wine. When I felt nothing more than a weak quiver, I went to prop myself up. A second hooded person reached out to help me stand. Once they were assured I could remain upright they returned to the circle. How lovely - polite torturers.
"So" I asked swaying slightly "what’s next - a stoning???", I asked through a pasty mouth. I had no saliva and felt my jaw moved in slow motion. 
A hooded figure broke the circle by stepping forward. Pale, saggy and wrinkled arms protruded from the cape. The hood was pushed back and there before me stood Dee. She ignored my gaping mouth, as if I shouldn’t be surprised that I was drugged and persecuted by anyone else.
"Dee??!!!," I gasped flinging my arms around her neck and holding her like she was the last leaf of Oolong tea on the planet. Her rotund frame enveloped me and she held me tightly. "When did you get out of hospital?" I asked her shoulder. "Why didn’t you call me? Or come home?"
"This is just a brief visit, dear. We’ll talk when I can be with you again."
"What’s going on? Why the…tort..pain?"
"You’ve been cleansed, Dear."
"Hey, I shower - almost obsessively."
"Not that kind of cleansing – spiritual cleansing. And you must have had quite a dose of the nasties in you to make such a racket. Still, it’s done and we’ve provided you with the strength, power – and almost everything you will need before embarking on what you were destined for."
"Strength? What did you do?" I didn’t feel anything different nor that I had received a magical Red Bull, if anything, I felt drained.
"You received our gifts and these in turn will help you face what lies ahead."
"What kind of gifts? I’ve got all the bubble bath I need." 
Dee ignored my sarcasm. "The collective energy you felt was the combination of what we could offer to help you through what lies ahead. The coven gave you foresight, strength and the ability to hide that which you do not wish to have visible."
"Isn’t that what pockets and handbags are for?"
"Hush child" Rosie chided while removing her hood, "there isn’t much time left. Heed what we say – it is for your benefit." 
I didn’t appreciate being spoken to like a five year old. I also did not want to know how they knew what I was up to. "Well that’s very considerate and all but why did I have to be drugged and hauled out here onto the wet grass? I’m sure if you had asked I would have come willingly."
"You show a stubborn resistance for most things you cannot understand, with one exception."
"What’s that?"
"When the tree calls you." 
Before I could say another word, Dee clasped my hands in hers. "He will be here for you any second now. Listen to him. Trust him. It is very important. And above all keep the sketch with you at all times."
"Who’s coming?" 
For the first time since I saw Dee she smiled, a wide, happy smile. Her hand gently placed some stray hair behind my ear. I could feel her love radiating in that one, simple gesture. "You called for him and he answered. He does that only for you. He loves only you." 
Jay suddenly appeared beside me and I couldn’t help but jolt in surprise. He held my hand reassuringly, "are ya alright Blaine" he asked with a worried frown "ya were in terrible pain. I felt it." 
He was beautiful in the moonlight and I couldn’t ignore my fluttering heart when he placed his arms protectively around me. I guess I wasn’t angry with him…. for now. "I got a magical scrubbing"¸ I said nodding discreetly in the direction of the coven, "so I suppose I was in pain, but I’m okay now." 
He looked behind me for a second then pressed his lips together seemingly unhappy with whatever went on. I turned to ask Dee the hundred or so questions on the tip of my tongue, but she was already gone, as were all the other hooded people.
"Where did they go?" My tone was one of bewilderment.
"Who?"
"The coven. Dee!"
"Dee? But ya were alone here."
"I was not. There were at least ten of them, hooded and…Dee…"
"Never mind that now," Jay said leading me away from wherever we were, "we need to get back to the farm."
"Why, is something wrong?"
"It will be when I knock Kael into next week."
"Oh no! What’s he done now?"
"He’s shooting crows." 
When we got back to the farm there was no sign of Kael and even though I checked the field and around the house there were no dead birds. Jay wasn’t convinced and went off toward the yard. Exhausted from the events of the day, I washed then went straight to bed. A miracle happened when I actually managed six hours of sleep sans Willow Tree.
Feeling refreshed the next morning I was putting some food and water outside for Mat and Nat when a movement to the right caught my attention. I looked up and what I saw made my jaw drop. Kael was striding past me at great speed. Naked and covered in blue paint, he carried a large spear gripped tightly in his right hand. Strange tattoos were interspersed on various areas and his hair hung loosely over his face. It was shocking while at the same time funny.
"Sci-fi convention goin’ on?" I called out with a wide grin. "You’re that blue shape shifter girl. Whatshername????"
"Shag off Blaine, alright!!" His tone was petulant. But I did not go away instead I climbed over the white fence and ran to catch up with him while he walked briskly through the field. As I jogged alongside him, he glanced over his shoulder.
"I told’ya tah leave me alone." 
Nothing in his attitude bothered me. I was having too much fun with this. "Kael, relax. I’m just tagging along with you…to…wherever you’re going. Obviously clothing is optional." He suddenly spun around anger etched across his face. In an instant his forehead was centimeters from mine. "Git dah -fuck-back-home."
"Make me," I threatened. We had reached the barrier to Cherrymount Hill.
"Yah don’ wanta be involved in dis. ‘Tis not safe ‘n ya could get hurt, or killed."
"Kael, if there’s something going on below then I want to know what it is." 
He hesitated as if debating whether to explain the situation but shook his head "s’your funeral" then shamelessly climbed over the brown gate his blue family jewels exposed at all angles for me to see.
When we reached the willow tree I went in under the low branches as I always had. Laying down face up to the branches above I saw Kael had climbed up to the highest of the thickest branches, leaned back against the main part and closed his eyes.
"Hey!" I called "Why are you up there? That’s not the way to go."
"I haven’t gone any udthur way eveur before." He opened one eye and looked down at me "why are you all queen-o’-deh-dead below?"
"This is the way I’ve always done it." In an instant we were both on the slab, I laying horizontally and Kael standing up poised and alert. I raised myself up and called out "Fallon?"
Kael snorted "he’s not here yet." 
I was beginning to feel frustrated at how little I understood of what was happening in this other world. "And how do you know that?"
"Deh Druids open deh gateway. Dey know I’m coming, but dey’ll wait for me at deh exit."
"You know the way?"
"Blindfolded." 
I followed him through the maze of tunnels but stumbled often. Kael became impatient at my slow pace, but said nothing. Only his sighs of frustration told me how he felt. I found the trek hard. Fallon had led me gently through this place many times and I missed his presence and the feeling of absolute security when I was with him. 
After what seemed like an interminable walk we reached the clearing to the exit. Kael whistled similarly to when Fallon called his horse the last time we had been together. Moments later a thick arm descended through the cave roof and Kael reached out and grabbed it. I watched as he ascended. Following a short silence a sudden commotion broke out above. Kael was shouting in their language, but Arlen’s voice was loudest.
 The shouting continued on until Kael released a horrible guttural scream. I gasped. Had they killed him? The silence continued long enough for me to truly fear for his life. This would kill Patsy, I knew it. No longer able to contain myself I called above to Fallon. More commotion above, this time it was Fallon’s voice above all the others.
His tattooed arm reached through the roof as he called my name. I grabbed it holding tightly all the while feeling relief as I was hoisted up. Fallon took me in his arms rocking me gently over and back. I understood everything he was saying "he did not tell me you were below. I’m sorry you were alone."
"I’m fine" I responded in his language. Fallon looked at me in amazement then hugged me to him one more time. My heart felt it was dancing with delight. Everything about him filled me with joy. 
He reached for his pendant then took mine, linking them together once more. "I could never be without you" he told me. 
A sudden snorting sound made me look behind and for a second time that day, my jaw dropped open.. Arlen had a spear tip pointed against Kael’s throat.
"Hey Morticia!!!" Kael called rudely. "When yu’re finished hugging his Highness ov’r dere is dere any chance you’d get me outta dis pickle." 
I went towards him, but Fallon held me back. He was telling me not to go… that Kael was..something. I didn’t know what the last word he said meant.
"What is he saying about you?" 
Kael closed his eyes. "Dat I’m a traitur."
"A traitor? Why?"
"Ahm ‘tis a bit complicated."
"Well I’d say now would be the best time to tell me what’s really going on."
"Okay - but can you tell dis pleb tah back off." 
I shook Fallon’s hand loose assuring him it was alright then made my way to Kael. I bent down and gently held on to Arlen’s spear-head then glanced towards Fallon and Arlen "please let him go". Fallon nodded his permission. Arlen reluctantly released Kael who wasted no time in mouthing off as he stood up. I thanked both men then glared at Kael and said through gritted teeth "start talking right now. No bullshit this time."
"Ahm…well I suppose ‘tis because I failed to bring back the brooch."
"I failed to bring back the brooch too Kael but nobody is trying to make a brochette out of me. You must have done something else." 
He fidgeted awkwardly. "It has to do with Fallon’s wife…….Arlen’s sister." 
The words were like a slap in the face. I had suspected something all along but did not want to believe he belonged to another. 
Kael caught the look of shock on my face and winced. "Ah Blaine, ‘tis not feckin’ easy…okay!! He was just married to her when….."
"Is he still married to her?"
"Why do you think they’re trying to kill me….." 
I held up a hand to stop him from going on. The details held no importance now. If Fallon could be married and still want to marry another then polygamy existed in this society. It was not one I could belong to. Feeling dejected I turned around to return to the cave deliberately ignoring all eyes I felt on me. 
Fallon and Arlen had obviously caught on that Kael had said something and Fallon dashed over to stop me from dropping to the cave floor by myself. Arlen pinned Kael to the ground again forcing him to explain what he had said to upset me. Kael quickly explained the conversation. Fallon muttered what seemed like a curse towards Kael then turned towards me. His face was pained but he never got to say another word on the subject as a loud horn sound was heard in the distance. 
Suddenly everything changed. Fallon and Arlen called out towards the woods and the remainder of the warriors appeared on horseback. Two spare horses were in tow. I recognized Fallon’s immediately and guessed the other was Arlen’s. Before I could say a word I had been placed in the saddle with Fallon, while Kael was reluctantly pulled onto the youngest warrior’s horse to the rear of the group. I tried my best not to hold him tightly as we galloped away into the woods, but I nearly fell off twice and had no choice but to place my arms tightly around his waist. 
We eventually arrived at a small clearing in the dense forest and dismounted in silence. Thin coils of rope were pulled from the packs of the other horses and before long traps were set along a beaten path. Silently, each warrior executed a specific task which told me this was not the first time they had done this. The horses were removed by two of the men and everyone else scampered into what seemed like large rabbit holes. Fallon covered each one up until no trace of human passing was noticeable then he grabbed my hand and hid inside a trench like hole behind dense bush. 
The darkened trench was made for one person meaning our bodies were much closer than I would have wanted. Had he not already had a wife or two, it would have been a totally different situation. Still I could not ignore the electrifying effect being with him caused me. He squeezed my hand as if to reassure me when a noise in the distance made him release me and he began pulling very hard on the rope in his hands. Metal clashing with metal echoed in the forest clearing. With a raised palm he signalled me to wait then leapt up out of the trench and headed in the direction of the noise. 
Cries, shouts, and agonizing groans of death pierced the air. The sound was so horrible, so disturbing that even blocking my ears could not drown it out. Hunching down low didn’t help either. A large lump of intestines landed beside me hurtled from some poor soul’s body. I closed my eyes tight, rocking over and back muttering to myself hoping the reverberation would erase all traces of the killing happening mere feet from where I lay. 
Imagining the worst a whimper escaped me as my heart raced with fear. Nothing can happen to him? Oh God protect Fallon…..please. How could I bear it if he were harmed? Even if he cannot be mine, don’t let him be injured. And Kael…..nothing could happen to him…he’s so young…and Patsy loves him so much even if he likes going around naked. And Arlen? Good hearted, loyal Arlen….nothing should happen to him or any of the men. Please keep them safe…Fallon, Kael, Arlen the other men Hope for their survival became a continuous whispered litany that went beyond my capacity to calculate time. Every minute seemed like an eternity.
"Blaine, es mé, es mé" 
It was only when I heard his voice and felt his arms wrap tightly around me that relief washed over me like rain washing over parched soil. My eyes lifted to his. His blood spattered face looked drained with exhaustion. I quickly checked him over for any injuries but he took my hands in his and held them briefly to his heart before lifting me out of the trench. We walked until the clearing came into sight. Arlen, Kael and the others stood amid a stream of blood. Bodies were strewn across the forest floor. They had fought against those well-groomed soldiers and the battle had been gory to say the least. 
Kael drove his spear through the ground then half collapsed against a tree. Arlen tended to the youngest group member who had a bad gash across his arm. Suddenly my feet felt wet yet warm at the same time and I looked down at the blood seeping through my shoes and socks. The vile smell of human waste coupled with the sight of eviscerated corpses caused me to retch loudly then vomit.
Many hours later back at the settlement, the wounded were tended to with my very shaky hands. With the other women, I washed gashes, wiped blood and provided very rudimentary first aid. It was gory and bloody and I must have retched many times and apologized even more often for my weakness.
"Wouldja ever cop on!" Kael spoke through gritted teeth. "Dey don’t care how disgusted y’are – dey just want ya tah clean dem up."
"Right, right", I said nervously. "Of course." I didn’t know how long more I could stand the sight of blood. "Still, I’d better be getting back soon."
"Back to Jay is it?" He mocked. "Bit of a stalker isn’t he? Always hangin out o’ ya."
"What is your problem?" I retorted hotly.
"Ca dethan se?" Fallon’s smooth even voice enquired. I dragged my eyes from Kael to Fallon but did not answer the question. He didn’t really need to know what Kael just said. 
Kael of course could not leave well enough alone and lied to Fallon saying we were discussing his great effort during the fight, much braver than that of Arlen. I rolled my eyes in dismay. I had been mistaken about Kael. He was arrogant and had, as far as I was concerned, created a lot of his own problems. 
Fearing an argument between Kael and Fallon, I walked to the well at the center of the ring fort threw the soiled water into the earth, left the bucket on the ground then discreetly made my way to the unguarded exit. I didn’t want to spend another minute there and slipped out the gate with Fallon and Kael’s shouting filling the air. 
Once outside I dashed to the forest edge and made my way along unnoticed. I walked until I came to a clearing and lifted my head towards the sun, closed my eyes and breathed in the fresh morning air, letting it fill my lungs to capacity. A brief smile broke across my face. There was nothing like the sunlight.
It took close to three hours but I finally made it to the cave’s entrance. I was thirsty, my feet were killing me and were probably blistered. If I managed to rest a while I would have the strength to tackle the labyrinth. For now, I was walking with reduced mobility as my feet felt twice the size they should be. I never wanted to go on a long walk, ever again. I sheltered under the dolmen’s massive stones, removed my running shoes and furtively glanced at my feet. They were as expected; bloodied, swollen and covered with water blisters in varying stages of life - forming, liquid-filled and burst. The only thing that would provide immediate relief was rest.

I awoke and saw a shadow pass across my legs making me jump with fright. I looked up to see Kael crouching down at eye level. He carried exactly the same expression as he had earlier: Anger.
"Ya feckin frighten’d deh life out of me!!" De’ye know I almos’ got deh beaten o’ meh loife because o’ yeh!!!" Despite that, he took a large canister slung across his chest and handed it to me. The sound of liquid sloshing about inside made me realize just how thirsty I felt. After unscrewing the top I took a swig then stopped.
"Mead?"
"Ehm… a bit stronger than that…but beggars cannoh’ be choosurs." I shrugged then rapidly knocked back the entire contents of the flask.
"Well" Kael laughed, "if yeh haven’ eaten all day, I’d say yeu’ll be feelin’ fairly pissed drunk in ‘bout five minutes." I didn’t respond knowing he was right. After no more than a few moment’s silence he went on, "look……he allowed me to scout ahead for ya, but he’ll be heyah shortly so juss hear him out okay. ‘N don’ go tryin’ to run off eidur coz dere’s more dan you involved in dis…..much more."
"Meaning you? That tells me you’re hiding something."
"Fallon wants ya tah understan’ sumtin’ ‘bout the drawing of deh woman, or as he calls hur, the first wife."
"The first wife!" My God how many were there! "Look, that’s not necessary" I blurted. "It’s none of my business who he’s married to." That wasn’t true at all. I burned to know what was going on, but I wanted this to be a private conversation between Fallon and I not via an interpreter, especially one like Kael. "It makes no difference to me." 
Kael became uncomfortable. "Wha’deya mean t’will make no difference what he says." 
How could I explain that I loved Jay, but down here, Fallon felt very special too. I felt that when I was here, I belonged to him, but when I was on the farm, I belonged to Jay. Plus I didn’t know before now that Fallon’s tribal status allowed him to openly have another woman at any whim or fancy and Jay never spoke about what was going on with Big Sally even though he didn’t seem to be with her anymore. "Look there cannot be……." This was much harder to say than I thought "When a man……" I bit my lip "………I’m not……."
"Jaysus spit it out Blaine." At the sound of fast approaching hooves Kael whispered "okay he’s heyah.’N quit deh dramatic reacshuns...fuck sake."
"Dramatic!!!!…"
"Shush."
"Oh for God’s ….." Fallon, accompanied by three of his men, dismounted and barked at Kael. I whimpered to myself for them all to go away.
"Blaine!!!!" Fallon was by my side in seconds. He took in my feet and slightly inebriated look then held my head to his chest in a tight embrace. He growled something towards Kael and for once I actually understood.
"She’s not looking good." On second thoughts maybe it would have been better if I hadn’t gotten that. Kael responded nervously trying to explain, that I was okay and ready to listen now, to what he had been trying to say earlier. Fallon lifted my hand and I felt soft lips fleetingly caress my skin. Our eyes met and without averting his gaze Fallon called Kael to stand beside him. 
Kael turned to me and said "remebuh now wha oi told ya. Juss sit dere ‘n lissen.Oderwise he’ll tink I’m tellin ya bad tings"
"I get it!!! You’ve said it enough times already!"
" …you being happy will help me out wit him too….and ya ….." 
Fallon spoke impatiently to Kael who in turn raised a palm as if to tell him to wait a moment. That’s when I noticed several men of varying ages each wearing robes of different colors were part of the possé. They carried torches and had long hair and beards.
"Who are they?"
"Dey’re deh priests" Kael whispered to me. "Dey’ve come fo’ our benefit."
"Us!"
"Aye, you ‘n meh."
"Why us?"
"Ye’ll see." When they were beside us, the oldest man spoke and I immediately recognized his voice from the night of the feast when I was asked to bring back the brooch. Taking a sharp intake of breath, Kael swallowed hard then began to speak slowly enough that I could understand everything he was saying.
"I am Kael, son of Patsy oh deh willow tree, son o’ Ena o’ deh settl’ment ‘n I swear tah deh Mudder Goddess dah wha’ I have tah say is troo. " 
My jaw had dropped open at what I had just heard. The alcohol was taking effect and what I wanted to say didn’t quite come out the way I had formulated.
"How did Patsy get a woman from the settl’men????"
"Yeh said ye’d listen."
"Well this changes things…..."
"We’ll talk ‘bout dis later…..please." 
I nodded, my eyes drooping somewhat and waited for him to continue.
"I haf come here tehday tah ask our tribal leadur Fallon, son of Foy, tah release his wife Tieve from deh bond o’ dere union so I may take hur as my own." Fallon snapped "she wasn’t yours to take in the first place." I bit down on my lip. His words told me what I had hoped not to hear. Yet he had just said it so clearly – he still wanted the first wife.
"I did no’ take hur Fallon. She followed me tah deh cave coz she did no’ want tah be wich ya."
"You should still have sent her back."
"I tried…..buh…we love one anuddur."
"She is not of your time."
"Neidur is Blaine. Wouldja haf sent hur back?"
"She did not belong to another man."
"Are ya shure ‘bot dah den?" Fallon took his pendant and held it towards Kael.
"She accepted my offer."
"She hasen a clue wha your offur meant tah hur." 
A stunned Fallon turned to me. "Is that true?" 
I turned to Kael "what are you trying to do here?" 
Kael looked at us both "Fallon, Blaine luves ya more dan yu’ve ben luved ‘afore in yur life butchyare dis close tah losin’ hur." His index finger and thumb were almost touching. "’N Blaine if ya don’ let go ‘bout dissuddur woman ye’ll miss ou’ on been luved foh dah rest o’ yur life." I switched to English and directed my question to Kael.
"But what about the polygamy? What about when he tires of me and chooses the third, fourth and umpteenth wife?" 
Fallon asked Kael what I had said and despite my protests Kael translated. When Fallon turned to look at me disbelief had spread across his face.
"Do you believe I could honestly love another?" We were back to his language.
"You loved the first wife." It was meant to be a statement.
"We were chosen to be together from birth, but Tieve was more like a sister than a partner. After all, I had grown up with her and her brother Arlen. Still, we honored our parent’s agreement to be wed even though we both found it difficult at the thoughts of being husband and wife."
"But if you’re angry at losing her…doesn’t that mean….."
"No, I am angry at Kael for disrespecting our ways."
"But she was your wife?"
"We had just completed the wedding ceremony…..Kael was present…..he left during the festivities and she followed him unnoticed…..we haven’t seen her since." 
Kael interjected "No harm has cum tah hur."
"In your drawing she is with child."
"She was expectin’."
"What happened?"
"Dat is no longur yur concern." 
Fallon sighed "and Arlen? What will I tell him? He believes her dead."
"She’s alive ‘n well……’n we’re vury happy."
"Will she come back?"
"We’ll come back if ye can guarantee no harm’ll come tah any of us."
"Arlen only allows you to live because he believes you know where Tieve is. You have brought a great dishonor to his family."
"I’ve not dishonored hur. We live by differen’ ways." 
Fallon shook his head disbelievingly but whatever he was about to say was interrupted by the sight of the elder and very disgruntled priest who I now recognized as Druids. I looked to Fallon for more answers but his head hung in sadness now prompting me to feel very worried. 
The youngest priest had a calf in tow. With the help of all but the elder, the Druids began a ritual where three of them began speaking in verse while long linen cloths were laid on the ground and sprinkled with select leaves. The calf was given to drink from a pewter bowl. Within minutes the calf fell heavily to the ground. Alarmed, I went to dash over, but was restrained by Fallon’s hand. 
The animal’s limp body was carefully carried onto the linen cloth where short leafy branches were lightly stroked across its body. Then the youngest member, a boy of about ten broke into song. His voice was angelic, not yet deepened by hormones and puberty. While he sang the calf began to stir. Just when it was trying to get up one of the priests broke rank and plunged a dagger into the calf’s heart. I gasped aloud. Kael’s hand was over my mouth in a second, Fallon roughly removed Kael’s hand with a hateful glare. The animal’s squeals of agony pierced the night air and I squirmed for the pain it was going through. Fallon kept my hand in his. It was the hardest thing to watch the life seep so slowly from the innocent creature as its body writhed and twitched convulsively. 
The verses continued until sometime after, the calf no longer moved. This was followed by a period of silence where only the wind rustling through the trees could he heard. The dead animal was removed from the cloth and wrapped in something else and placed on a horse. The oldest priest, who had not taken his eyes from the calf, stared at the blood stain. The boy sang again while the priests each took a corner of the fabric from the ground and held it high for all to see. Then the old priest turned to Fallon and Kael and spoke.
"Passage to the willow tree must close. It has been open far beyond the time given us. If the sacred relic cannot be returned in two days the gates will no longer provide passage until the next signs appear. Kael failed us, but the blood tells us the girl will succeed with help." 
Fallon’s voice cracked as he spoke, "does the blood tell you if she will be harmed?"
"Her sacrifice will be most pleasing. We will be carried out of the limbo we have endured for many cycles." 
Fallon was on his feet furious. "No!! Not her life for this. We can wait for another to come along." 
The priest showed no anger only weariness but there was a tone of finality in what he said next. "Danu shows us there will be no other for seventy years. She is the last for a very long time." 
Fighting through the numbness of shock I mouthed to Kael "whose Danu?"
"Goddess of healin’."
"Healing?"
"Aye’
"I’m a sacrifice?"
"Arrah nobody’s goin’ tah be sacrificin’ yeh……what dey’re sayin’ is ye’ll die getting deh brooch for dem."
"I’ll die?" 
Kael leaned in and whispered to me "dey’ll be preparin’ yeh now." 
A cold chill made me shiver with fear "How?"
"Ye’ll see." Suddenly Fallon stood in front of me blocking the priest’s approach by pleading with them.
"Just……just wait." He turned to me his face agonized. "Marry me now, please"
"What??!!"
"Blaine" he said desperately. "Please marry me."
"But, I won’t be able to stay with you."
"We will have been joined here in this life, and so we will be joined in the next." 
Whatever I was about to say was lost when his lips met mine. I felt his desperation and wanted so much to comfort him and be comforted knowing I would have made him happy however briefly. I wouldn’t be coming back here and apparently I was going to die.
"Okay. Yes, I will marry you."
Chapter 12

In a very short, but touching ceremony Fallon and I were promised to each other for eternity. Not even allowing time for a kiss the priests went to separate us, but Fallon pushed them aside, grabbed the reigns of his horse, mounted it and pulled me up beside him.
"You’ll wait" he ordered to the shocked Druids. 
We rode off into the dark forest until we came to a clearing. Without a word he pulled me from his horse and threw a blanket on the ground. Our lips met in a passionate embrace. His hands roamed hungrily under my clothes as our desire heightened. Our naked bodies fell upon the warm cover. He wasted no time in entering me and while I had no expectations of how this would go, I was extremely surprised to find he ensured I had pleasure too. I was torn between the pleasure of the moment and the pain of how short our time together would be. Above all, betraying Jay felt so very wrong and just one big dirty mess.
When we returned to the impatient priests I was whisked to the side of the rock out of sight of both Kael and Fallon. The last thing I heard was Kael sneering to Fallon "well dere’s anuudur wan tah leave ya after ya married hur." 
The sound of a smack and a thud to the ground followed.
When I finally emerged what felt like hours later, a healing balm had been smoothed over my aching feet, a fresh and very sore tattoo had been embossed above my left breast. That had been awkward having men of various ages staring at my naked left breast. As the tattoo was applied, my second by the way, I had wanted to die many times over, but the priest worked away as if he was writing on paper not bothered in the least by my semi-nakedness. The fact that the others were passing around my bra between them and talking animatedly about its purpose didn’t help either. 
When the priest was finished he eased more balm onto the spot while I looked away. He called to the others who took in his work with admiration while I mouthed silently "I’m in my happy place, I’m in my happy place…." 
Once finished, they had stepped back and I saw the symbol that would remain permanently on my skin. It was a beautiful intricately woven design of swirls whose meaning was lost on me. Grateful that ceremony was over, I dressed carefully then returned to Fallon’s side. Kael was sporting a swollen eye which would most likely turn purple in the next few hours. Fallon kissed me softly on the lips sending my heart racing with desire. He moved my blouse ever so slightly to check the tattoo, his eyes widened and I was suddenly worried.
"What is it?"
"This is the first time I see such an honor bestowed on someone. They have merged our four most powerful Gods onto one heart. The Gods will help you, and will give you as much protection as can be given." 
The priests signalled it was time to leave. With more verse and song Kael and I were ushered closer to the mouth of the cave. The oldest priest held both of our hands. "Kael Son of Patsy of the willow tree, son of Ena of the settlement and Blaine, daughter of Patsy of the willow tree and daughter of Mab of the settlement, go on your perilous journey knowing the Gods are with you and the people of our time ……"
"Excuse ME!!???" I interrupted. I had just heard something that was probably my mistake given my limited knowledge of the language, but I had to check, immediately. The curious and somewhat annoyed eyes of the Druid’s met mine.
"Did you just say Patsy was my father and my mother is Mab from the settlement????" 
Kael turned to me and said through gritted teeth "I’ll explain along deh way."
"No!!! I need to…." 
Still through gritted teeth Kael said, "tis awful bad interruptin’ dere poems." 
I said no more and listened to what the old priest was saying. "…for your bravery is considered the greatest act of kindness and the saving of our lost tribe and the lost heritage of the people of your time." 
And then came the part I dreaded, saying goodbye to Fallon. "Will you not come through the labyrinth with us?" I knew only too well what his response would be.
"The holy men will only allow two. Kael knows the route well. He will keep you safe." 
It had nothing to do with Kael, but I didn’t say as much. Instead I raised myself onto the tips of my sore toes and kissed my husband a long lingering goodbye. The priests lowered Kael into the cave then Fallon took hold of me and lowered me down but not before having cut a lock of hair from the tip of a curl resting on my lower back.
"I’ll keep you with me" he whispered.
"Well I need to hear everything Kael, so start from the beginning." We had begun our trek through the maze.
"Well deh search for deh brooch has ben goin’ on for generations, but it seems like whoevur has a muddur or a fadur from undur deh tree can g’over "n back between both worlds. Patsy’s fadur had a child with a woman from dere time – from deh settl’ment. She gave him back tah Patsy’s fadur at deh birth. Dat’s deh condishun. Dey canno’be raised below dey must be brough’ up in our world."
"Why?"
"Well each time a yung’un is born, dey hope dat will be deh one tah succeed ‘n bring back deh brooch. T’will continue loike dah ‘til sumone manages tah get it righ’."
"Did you know you were from there before going to the tree?"
"Not at all. But deh tree calls ya when it’s time. Deh pull gets strongur ‘n strongur ‘til ya answur it. On deh uddur side dey get a sign dat deh cave should be open’d ‘n deh priests allow ya tah pass."
"Why didn’t Patsy say anything about being my father, or me having a mother other than psycho Iris. I mean I might have had a happier childhood……be less fucked up today."
"He said yur comin’ inta deh world was no’ like d’uddur ‘afore him. Tings wen’ wrong ‘n well ya ended up been taken away. Patsy tried many times tah getja back but when everytin’ failed he went back to deh settl’ment ‘n made me with Ena."
"How come we have different mothers then?"
"Mab said she couldn’ go thru dat again. Losin’ Patsy ‘n deh child was deh hardest ting she had tah endure. Mab wanted tah keep ya, but deh priests only made it possible for hur go above ground teh give birt. Ya were breech I suppose ‘n well Patsy didn’ know what tah do so he ran tah Dee for help. Iris was dere at deh time ‘n she ended up bringin ya into deh world. When she saw Mab dressed differuntly, speakin’ anuddur language…. well alotta questions were asked." 
Kael went on to explain that once Iris learned the truth she instantly took me away. Only that Dee intervened Patsy would never have seen me. Iris made Patsy promise to never reveal what happened and Iris made Dee promise I would never be allowed near the tree. Dee kept that promise in exchange for summer visits. Patsy would come and visit me and Dee considered me her own child. I couldn’t have been happier. But on that night, when I wondered off while the Court were transitioning and my memory was changed, Iris realized afterwards something had happened. She instantly ended all visits to Cherrymount and made me swear to Dee that I never wanted to see her again.
"Dee said she wroteja lettur after lettur after lettur, but dey juss came back undelivered. Even tryin’ tah phone ya didn’ work. Iris got tired of Dee’s tryin’ tah contact ya ‘n we nevur saw ya agin ‘til now. Almost killed Dee so it did."
"Iris told me to tell Dee I never wanted to go to Cherrymount ever again." 
 Kael shot me a quizzical look "why would she do dat?".
"I never found out. But I know I never wanted to say those words to Dee, but Iris got so angry and I was so afraid of her, that I repeated what she told me." 
Kael uttered a curse under his breath. "Patsy told me he was "aside Dee at dat moment ‘n was so mad he plannedon bringin’ ya back even if it meant harmin’ Iris. Dee convinced him dat yed’d be lost to dem forevur coz dey’d sendya tah a fostur home or sometin’, so dey had tah let ya go."
"I wish I had known this years ago." 
Kael continued. "In deh meantime I was born "n well as ya can see represented anuddur failure tah bring back deh brooch."
"But why do the priests even try when they saw on the bloodied cloth that I would succeed?"
"Dey told me dey same ting."
"They did?"
"Oh aye! Dat’s why I was so damn cocky. I just sauntered intah deh museum tinkin’ it was going to be the easiest ting ever ‘n next ting I know I’m in jail."
"Kind of dashes my confidence."
"Well at least ya know goin’ in."
"I can’t even imagine going through with something as ludicrous as this."
"Arrah, all we can do is try." 
Hoping to put the daunting task out of my mind, temporarily at least, I asked Kael about the first wife. "Tell me about Tieve? How come she can live above ground?
"Patsy tinks deh druids allowed it tah happen coz dey saw a child be born tah us."
"So she had the baby?" 
He smiled for the first time since I met him "aye, I’va an eighteen munt old son."
"Where does Tieve and the baby live?"
"With Patsy ‘n Beth in deh cottage."
"How come I never see them?"
"We keep dem outta sight. Nosy neighbors ‘n all dat."
"I went to your house but never saw them."
"They hid from ya."
"Does Jay know?"
"Jay knows sum tings, but not everytin’. ‘Tis none o’ his business anyway."
"You don’t trust him?"
"I wouldn’ trust Jay as far as I’d trow him."
"How come?"
"He’s close to Iris."
"What!!!!! When did he ever see Iris? And I thought he loved Dee."
"Aye, so did I…..but he wants dah house ‘n all deh land. He got close tah Iris ‘n she’s helpin’ him money wise. I saw d’offur tah buy deh land dey took tah deh bank. She’s coh-signed everytin’."
"I don’t get it. Why does he want the place?"
"He tinks dere are tings of value underground. Juss look at our pendants. He’s just waitin’ tah bulldoze deh farm from one end o’ Cherrymount tah d’uddur."
"And Iris? What does she get?"
"Half o’ anytin’ he finds."
"Hasn’t Dee made a will?
"She has ‘n yur inheritin deh lot."
"Then there’s no problem. I won’t sell it and they can’t buy it."
"Deh will’s gone missin’."
"It has? How do you know?
"Patsy told me."
"Why didn’t he tell me?"
"He’s been trying tah tell ya many tings, but canno’ seem to find deh courage. He’s a bit’ova rollin’ stone. He’d prefer tah leave ‘n come back laytur when deh troubles have passt. Deh only time he became het up ovah sometin was when he was tryin’ tah getja back from Iris."
"He could have gone to the police."
"Aye" he answered sardonically "try explainin’ dah tah deh police. T’would have bought him a one-way ticket tah d’asylum." 
I could see the sense in that but I wished someone had fought to have me taken away from Iris. Dee would have been a wonderful mother.
"Have you ever met Ena, your biological mother?"
"I didn’ know it at deh time but when I was first brought tah deh settl’ment I was given a flower by a woman. I tought dis was a welcomin’ ting but I learned laytur dat only yur muddur can offer ya a flower in dat way." 
I rattled my brain to try and remember the face of the woman who had given me a flower in such a discreet way but could not remember anything detailed. "Have you seen my mother Mab?"
"Oh aye! She’s ‘round deh place all deh time."
"How is she?"
"Ah she’s grand."
"No! I mean what’s she like?"
"She carries hur name well.
"I don’t get it."
"Mab means happy. ‘n she’s nevur witout a smile on hur face. Honestly, once ya get a hang o"dis language ‘n ya understand her wit…well she’s really funny." 
The description stood out in stark contrast to Iris the cold fish. "Well if I don’t get to see her again..please tell her I was glad to know she was my mother."
"Yur comin’ back Blaine. N’ere a worry."
"That’s not what the priests are saying." 
We had arrived at the slab. 
"Only time will tell. We have ‘til tamarrah night tah get deh brooch ‘n get back heyah."
"Before we go up" I blurted nervously "I put a plan in place. Not sure it will be good enough to succeed in stealing a national treasure?"
"Well we’ll go ovah deh details togeddur. Remembur not a word tah Jay. Nobody must know..only Tieve ‘n Neal – deh baby. When we get back……..’n we will all be returnin to settlement forevur."
"Well I’m ….I’m….".
"Lissen I know dah Jay fella won’ be too pleased ‘bout that."
"What does that mean?"
"He won’t be letting ya go so easily. Best not interact with him until all this is over."
"I’ll be barrowin Paddy’s car" Kael said as he followed me into the kitchen.
"Right" I agreed "but that’s just a tiny minute detail in this whole insane scheme. We’re going to have to include an abort point." I put on the kettle. 
Kael laughed disbelievingly "dere’ll be no abortin. At least not for me anyways. I’m in dis tah deh end weddur dat means I end up been shot or dat I leave for deh settlement, eiddur way ‘tis happenin". He threw me a disappointed glance "jaysus have you no back bone at all." 
I didn’t answer, but extracted two mugs from the cupboard and threw a teabag in each one. If he thought me a coward then too bad, maybe I was. 
After a short pause he spoke again, his tone less arrogant. "I heard wha’ happened tah ya in deh misty waturs, so I take back wha’ I said ‘bout you not havin’ a back bone." 
I poured boiling water over each teabag, and gave a slight nod to acknowledge his veiled apology.
"Fallon told me ya died." 
Now that got my attention."Really?" I asked sardonically. "And you believe that?"
"Well, donja remembur?"
"I re-mem-ber you and I were supposed to be making a plan here." I handed him the mug filled with tea.
"Fallon says he wanted tah warm ya up in the Misty Waters butja swam out ‘afore he could warn ya tah stay close by. He knew deh water spirit had taken ya as you went in ‘afore payment was made. He searched non-stop for ya but couldn’ findja. Almost got himself drowned as well. Anyway he called for help with dah cow horn ting ‘n found ya ‘bout fourteen hours later in notin but yur knickers ‘n bra- tree miles from dah pond. Ya were blue’n had n’ere a heartbeat. Fallon wrapped ya in his cape, carried ya back tah deh cave ‘n placed ya on deh slab. Arlen says Fallon went a bit off deh rails after dat. Went around pickin fights wit everyone ‘n anyone. I heard the settl’ment ran outta mead too." 
He sipped some tea before continuing. " Patsy had already told me dat Jay had found ya undur deh tree ‘n tautja were dead too. Dey drove ya ova tah Navan emergency room ‘n Doc Bailey heard a faint heartbeat so they rushed ya up to d’instensive care unit. Butja prolly know all dat."
"I didn’t know that Fallon had looked for me."
"Aye… he did." Kael shook his head in disbelief. "Seems ya have a choice tah make ‘n soon. ‘Deh wan above ground or deh uddur below. Dunno how yer goin tah manage tah work dat wan out."
"Let’s get back to this madness we’re trying to undertake here."
The following afternoon Kael, who had borrowed Patsy’s car, picked me up at the cottage and we headed off to the museum. Jay had watched silently from the white post fence his discontent clearly visible. Whatever reservations he had, today wasn’t the day he was going to share them and for that, I was very glad. 
The sketch was tucked uncomfortably down my bra and I gave it an extra securing after tugging on my too-short skirt. The first guests would be arriving shortly and the top dogs would be greeting them. I felt a moment of relief as everything, so far, had gone according to plan. 
All catering employees and Hilary, in signature stressed-out mode, were currently in the basement kitchen preparing to feed their exclusive guests, while security guards intermittently popped in an out keeping a watchful eye. They regularly checked their ear pieces to see if all the radios were working properly. Obviously, no mishaps on the technological side would be tolerated. The museum’s austere director suddenly appeared beside Hilary, giving me serious tummy somersaults. I was paranoid enough to think he had come to inform her of my diabolical plot, instead he wanted to ensure we were on schedule. 
Keeping my outward appearance as calm personified, I managed to sneak off to the toilet twice in the last hour to puke. It was either a bad dose of nerves or I was having a post-tattoo infection. After much hand scrubbing and mouth rinsing I returned to the kitchen just as Hilary gave the order to carry the brimming trays upstairs - the guests were just filing into the galleries. 
I pulled on my skirt once more as I tried to produce inexistent material to cover my legs a little more. My uniform was that of the sexy French maid, which made no sense coming from a company that proclaimed itself to be First Class Catering. More like Slut Class Catering.
"There’s no point." 
I turned to see a tall, buxom woman in her late thirties taking in my effort to hide a hideous garter.
"Accept it love. You know it’s something you’d only wear in the bedroom just before he’d pull it off ya." 
Thoughts of Jay and Fallon made me think maybe I wasn’t so misplaced at Slut Catering. Before I had time to dwell on my promiscuous ways she then pointed to her tray "wouldja look at what I’ll be serving up?" Then lowering her voice further she said "shaggin vomit if you ask me." I squirmed at the viscous black goo that was caviar.
"And you’ll see," she continued "they’ll dive for it once they see it, although I think it looks like something a sick sheep would leave in a field. Battered sausages, chips and mushy peas from Goldie’s Grill for me. Far better than any of this muck that’s for sure. But those with their high priced suits, expensive watches and state of the art gadgets would look down their noses at that sort of thing. But as me Ma always said, to each his own." I nodded understandingly.
"Now don’t forget," she said glancing over her shoulder, "whatever you do, don’t bend over or your tits will fall out and your arse will be on display for one and all."
"I think it already is." I whispered with another blush then took my tray of sushi, placed it above my left shoulder and made my way up a back stairs to the second gallery. 
The event was a fund raiser for a charitable program the museum spearheaded to pay for scholarships to bright would-be-archaeology students. But it was also about society’s upper crust networking with the right people to advance their own goals. I must have passed the brooch about fifty times as I circulated the gallery while feeding the masses. Brief information sessions on the artifacts were being held for those interested, but most people preferred to remain in deep conversation with other guests or their cell phones. The treasures of Ireland and beyond were not enough of a distraction from the world of affairs. It was all about business.
About ninety minutes into the event the atmosphere had really livened up. Hundreds of guests sipped happily on expensive champagne and popped appetizers filled with the crème of the ocean while business cards were exchanged, deals were sealed with a handshake and connections expanded. My mind raced as I tried to think of when I could do the deed. I hadn’t thought that bit through. When was it the right moment? God, I was a dodo!!
"Mmmm.. delicious!!" 
My head whipped around to find the source of the indistinguishable accent. A sharply dressed man, my height was ogling my bum. Oh sweet Lord, give me patience. Now was not the time to be hit on! I turned to face him. "You only get to eat what’s on the trays. Sir."  My frosty tone was followed by a friendly smile. Now was neither the time not the place to create a scene.
"So you’ll sit on the tray then?" 
I turned away, but he stepped in front of me. I leaned in closer and whispered, "pick an hors d’oeuvre if you want one. If not, go away!" 
His hand went to his heart, "my deepest apologies. So tell me is there anything on your tray for a nice guy who’s starving?" 
The accent was American, the wide white smile peppered with enough charm that it most likely worked with the ladies, the desperate ones. "Sure" I answered warmly while lowering my tray. I pointed to the large variety of sushi available. His eyes didn’t look at the food at all. Instead he stared at my cleavage for a long moment.
"I want to know what you would recommend…..for a guy like me." 
Under normal circumstances I would have recommended a long walk off a short plank. Instead I pointed to one piece of sushi and suggested he try that. He took the napkin I proffered then reached over and picked up the recommended food. Before placing it into his mouth he hesitated, gave me the most seductive I-will-bed-you-woman look then asked "what you doing when you get off tonight?"
"Eat first" I said coyly. His eyes roved over every part of my body just as he popped the sushi. I waited as he chewed, then watched as his eyes widened and disgust turned down his mouth in a pre-gag reflex. I was cackling behind a napkin which he grabbed from my hand and instantly expelled the urchin sushi. The sight of the vain guest running for the bathroom was too funny. He’d be washing the taste of shite out of his mouth all evening. No time to be thinking of shagging me. 
His sudden exit had caught the attention of many people; for some, it was only a simple interruption in their current conversation, for others it changed their topic of conversation to health issues, hygiene problems, and gluttony. With a roll of my eyes I placed the tray on the edge of a nearby table then headed to the ladies. By the large brightly lit mirrors two ladies from the party were re-applying makeup with large brushes sweeping in vigorous motion across their faces while verbally tearing to pieces a man called John. His penchant for a whore/masseuse had caused Petunia to relapse and fall off the wagon again. They threw me a curious glance as I made my way to the toilets before resuming John’s thrashing. 
Once in the cubicle, I pulled a piece of folded paper from my bra. My eyes travelled over Dee’s sketch. I prayed over it momentarily asked for help and at the same time, forgiveness then retched violently into the bowl. A national treasure!! I’m trying to steal a National treasure. God forgive me, but I deserve to be caught. But being caught meant not returning the relic and failing everyone at the settlement and that was too unbearable to consider. It also meant Tieve not being able to return to her people with her husband and child. Kael must have found it so hard in prison knowing he had left behind his love and their unborn child. 
I emerged from the stall ready to meet the disapproving looks of the women, but they were not there. I washed my hands and face then dried off. Checking my appearance in the mirror I patted my partially exposed tattoo and decided it was time to drop the façade of waitress.
On exiting the toilets the pervert was standing there with a bemused expression on his face.
"Got a taste of your own medicine then?"
"Certainly not!" I retorted after recovering from the initial surprise of seeing him. "Now if you don’t mind I have a job to do." 
He moved in close to block my way. "I know exactly what job you have to do and it has nothing to do with waitressing." 
He smiled as shock registered on my face then with a hearty laugh he headed back into the party. My heartbeat accelerated at a frantic pace. He knew why I was here. But how come? Was he a cop? What was he? Had Kael told someone else? If he did I’d flay him alive!! Now it wasn’t my intention to return to the party to work per-se, still I felt I had no choice given that he was aware of why I was there. I found a tray with hors d’oeuvres and placing it at face level made my way through the crowd. 
Food items were plucked even though I did not stop to offer any. My goal was to reach the man now standing at the opposite side of the room, sipping coolly on a glass of champagne. I challenged him directly the moment our eyes met.
"I’d like you to explain what you just said back there?" 
With a furtive glance over the crowd, he smiled "don’t you need help?"
"Help?"
"Yes, help! Now, what will you give me in return?"
"That depends on what you’re expecting?"
"Satisfaction." 
Suspiciously I replied, "what will give you this satisfaction?"
"Holding my Ushabti." 
Throwing him a regard of disgust and disdain my mouth curled up "well have fun doing that by yourself. Shaggin perv!"
"You don’t understand. My Ushabti is here, at the Museum, on loan."
"What’s an Ushabti?"
"It’s a statue placed inside the grave of a pharaoh and serves to do manual labor in the afterlife, if called on to do so. My Ushabti was made for king Tut. It is made of solid jade and stands on a large ruby inscribed with the words - roughly translated - I am here, ready when thoust callest. It is thought she was to be his bed fellow in the afterlife."
"Well that’s nice. Why do you want it?"
"To bring it to its final resting place."
"And where’s that? Your bed?"
"Ah – now, that I cannot say."
"Wonderful. King Tut is probably shovelling dirt in the here-after or is feeling sexually frustrated because his special Ushabti is missing and you’re just thinking of collecting it!"
"Nothing wrong with that my love." He popped an olive into his mouth. "And you? What is it you need?"
"My…uhm…it will help others I suppose."
"Then may our hunting bring us what our hearts so desire." He leaned in planting a soft kiss on my cheek then whispered "sizzling outfit Blaine" and merged into the crowd. 
I went to follow him but came face to face with Hilary, whose bulging eyes told me her stress level was in the beyond, so everything was normal.
When the main lights suddenly went out minutes later and people began shouting, there was no doubt in my mind that the Egyptian artefacts department would be missing an ushabti. The two security guards, who had been near the door, reassured everyone that it was a temporary electrical problem, just as the emergency lights came. An announcement over the P.A. system reiterated the same message. The crowd was nervous but listened and waited for the main lights to come back on. However, when a loud bang and billowing black smoke quickly rose from the rear of the hall accompanied by a blaring fire alarm, major panic set in. A sudden screaming mass exodus pushed the guards into the main hall preventing them from staying inside the gallery. 
The room was engulfed in smoke in no time and I found myself being moved along by what felt like a sea of shouting people. Any attempt to go against the current was in vain. People shoved one another in their desperation to escape. I was squashed to the point where breathing was difficult. I felt something soft under my foot and screamed for fear it was someone who had been trampled on. I went to reach down but was pushed forward. I tried to tell them someone had fallen but couldn’t be heard over the din. Another shove made me lose my balance and I ended up ripping someone’s jacket trying to steady myself. A woman beside me almost tripped and fell, but I clenched her arm like the Jaws of Life and didn’t let go until she jostled away from my grip.
It seemed to take forever to evacuate the building. I didn’t know how long it had been since the alarm rang. But hope came when I felt the chill of the night air blowing my ankles. The exit was close. A small metal object was pressed into my hand. I whipped my head around and saw the American right beside me. Our bodies became pressed together. "Hide it now" he whispered. 
I immediately placed the brooch inside my bra. He placed an arm protectively over my shoulder, pushing into the crowd until we reached the main entrance. Then once more he gave me a soft kiss on the cheek and rushed off into the night. I was dazed and confused but had no time to process anything as the people behind me oozed out. I had lost sight of the Ushabti man, but selfishly didn’t care. I made a dash in the opposite direction crashing straight into a police man.
"What’s going on inside miss? A fire?" the officer asked.
"Yes…I think" I gasped. "I didn’t wait around to see. It’s terrible."
"Alright then" the guard conceded "but stay around to give a statement." I nodded obediently then as soon as his back was turned sprinted away into the night.
When I arrived breathless and shaky at the spot where Kael had said we’d meet - one block from the museum - he was nowhere to be seen. I ran up and down the footpath desperately trying to spot the car. The roar of police sirens in the distance made me go into panic mode. If he had fallen asleep I was going to kill him. About seven minutes later the car pulled up to the side of the road.
"Where have you been!!!!!!!!!!!!" I whisper-screamed while dashing to the passenger side. The door was locked. "Kael this is not funny!! Open the effin door right now, or God help me I will harm you!!!!!" 
The electronic window on the passenger side lowered smoothly. "Hand ova deh brooch ‘n den we’ll leave toggedur."
"You cannot be serious" I growled.
"I juss did time Blaine. Ya can bet yer arse I’m needin’ a guarantee." 
Reluctantly I dislodged the brooch from inside my bra and placed it in his outstretched hand. "Now unlock this door!!" 
He laughed then accelerated heavily on the gas, tires screeching on the asphalt.
"Kael!" I called after the departing car. "Kael?" I began running after the vehicle "Kael, you come back here right now! Do you hear me?" He didn’t hear me. I knew that, but my mind couldn’t get around the fact that I’d been had by someone, my step-brother, who I thought was a friend. No, it had to be a bad joke and he’d stop any second now. That’s right! I knew he’d come back any second now and once I’d be in the car he’d laugh and tell me not to be mad. Although, I certainly would be mad. And I’d let him know exactly what I thought about his little stunt there. But he disappeared out of sight and I was left speechless in the middle of the road. 
Just like that he was gone and the brooch with him. Just like that the titty tattoos, marriage, and everything was for nothing. I had been robbed plain and simple. That realization left me with a sense of betrayal deeper than I had ever known and I felt I would crack into little pieces right there and then. My knees gave way and I found myself on the ground, face in my hands bawling.
I heard the engine as it approached, but didn’t move off the road. Maybe my sense of survival was nil, but there and then I decided the car would have to move around me or run me over, but either way, nothing was making me budge. When the vehicle stopped beside me, I didn’t even look up but remained where I was sobbing uncontrollably. I heard the whirr of the window descending.
"Now ya know what a prick he is." 
My head shot up to find Jay getting out of the car. As he bent down in front of me, he took my face in his hands and said "sooner or later he was going to do what he does best – step on someone and stab them at the same time." 
I hugged him so tightly he almost fell over. My blubbering came louder, stronger in his arms."He took the brooch" I snivelled. "He just took it and left me here."
"That’s Kael for ya– a prize fucker."
"But Jay, how did you even know I’d be here – that he’d be here?"
"Patsy knew of the plan and told me everythin’."
"He did?"
"Yeah, ‘cause Kael told him. C’mon Blaine let’s catch up with fucker and get back what he took from ya." 
He lifted me off the road and I was placed gently in the passenger seat. When I was buckled up he hopped into the driver side and sped off well above the speed limit.
"I’m just as bad as Kael" I confessed. "I did bad things and I don’t know why….no I do….I do know why…….because I believe….it was right to steal the brooch of Tara." I gauged his reaction but saw nothing other than a curve in his lips.
"Now how did ya manage that?"
"I’m not sure" I said bringing my knees up on the seat and hugging them to me. "There was a man who was there to steal another artefact and he set off the alarms and God knows what else and next thing I knew I had it in my hand."
"Did he know ya, this fella?"
"Yes! Well no! I mean he knew my name and I don’t know how because I had never seen him before and yet he knew I was there to take the brooch too." He remained silent for what felt like a long time.
"What did ya think of him?" 
My brows frowned "I don’t understand" I said stifling a sob. "He asked…"
"No" he interrupted smoothly "what I meant was did he seem genuine, or was he someone pretending to be a thief?"
"Oh, he was the real deal. Cocky of course." I rethought that last statement. "Well I mean he did help me get the brooch…… and get out of the building."
"But?" 
I didn’t want to say that he stripped me down with his eyes and would have shagged me into next week given the chance. "But…but nothing. He’s just not someone I’d feel comfortable being with…."
"Why not?"
"What’s this about?" I asked feeling impatient. "What does it matter what he was like."
"Arrah nothing. I’m just trying to see who helped ya. Plus yer gorgeous." 
I felt far from gorgeous. I had torn my tights on the road, and my mascara was not water proof so I was fairly certain I had the zombie-bride look going on.
"I….I don’t see myself that way."
"I know and that just adds to yer beauty." He accelerated a little more. Then taking my hand he said "no matter what happens, I love ya and always will." 
I couldn’t reciprocate and it was killing me. Jesus he didn’t even know I sort of just got married. The car navigated out of the city and soon we came upon a speed trap which had caught Kael in its radar. Immediately I found an opportunity to retrieve the brooch.
"Pull over" I said while unbuckling my belt.
"Blaine" he warned, "what are ya doin’?"
"Righting a wrong." 
The police went to wave us on, but I got out of the car and sauntered over to squad car. I deliberately sashayed my bum in my French maid’s outfit and stiletto heels as the officer came toward me.
"So you got the slimey get?"
"Sorry now Miss" the burly guard said his eyes falling to my boobs before quickly ascending to my eyes "you’ll have to move your car."
"Oh I will sir" I said politely, "just as soon as my ex-boyfriend there gives me back the keys to my house, so I can get in home tonight."
"He’s your boyfriend?"
"Was! Ended tonight ….officially."
"Right."
"Now if you don’t mind I would like to get my house keys back. I’ve been waitressing all evening and I’d just like to get out of this ridiculous outfit and relax. "
"Who’s the other fella in the car?"
"My brother. I had to drag him out to get me home."
"Right. Wait there a minute" the guard said. After he took my information and compared it to what he had already gathered from Kael, he believed me. I thanked the heavens for the distance the police officer gave when I spoke with Kael. I asked the back-stabbing rat for the brooch back, but he wouldn’t give it up. I told him that Jay was with me and he would make sure Tieve and the baby would never be reunited with their family in the settlement if the brooch wasn’t returned. It was a low blow I know, especially as Jay would never do anything like that, but I had to lie. 
Five minutes later I had the brooch, and the keys to Patsy’s. Kael was left to complete a thorough roadside sobriety test after I told the police he had been on the sauce all evening.
We drove the remaining hour of the journey in relative silence. It was only when we approached Cherrymount Cottage that we heard the screeching brakes and distant sirens. My head whipped around to see Kael’s car swerving madly as he approached at high speed.
"Sweet Jesus. He’s got the police following him."
"Fool!" Jay muttered calmly.
"Jay once we stop I have to run and I don’t know when I’ll see you again." 
His glance was full of sadness "I know Blaine. But don’t ever forget that I’m here if ya chose me." 
Part of me wanted to stay here with him but another part of me felt Fallon chose me when he married me."I don’t want to hurt you."
"Blaine, I love ya. No matter what." He parked the car and I couldn’t help but kiss him briefly and passionately before dashing out the door. Jay got out too and intercepted Kael by tackling him to the ground. I couldn’t hear what he said but Kael was, as usual, adapting to the situation. He had his arms spread out in surrender. Jay began roughing him up a bit. I dashed over the white post fence and began running up the field.
"Got it then?" 
My head whipped around to find Kael beside me acting casual as you please. I turned to see Jay limping heavily as he tried to climb the white post fence.
"You’re an ass Kael!!!" 
The bellowing sound of a police siren made us both to jump with fright.
"Fuckin nee-naws" Kael cursed in reference to the sound the siren makes.
"Run for it!!!"
"Righ" Mrs. Fallon."
"Don’t call me that!" 
We took off up the field. The lights of the police car pulling into the cottage driveway illuminated the high rows of conifers. Their orders to halt rang out in the air.
"You’re a bastard!!!"
"Hey don’t be angry……I juss wanted tah help ya make a choice in yur men friends."
"Fallon and Arlen will deal with you, which translates to you’ll be as good as mince meat."
"Dey’ll be kissin’ my feet."
"You’re delusional. And why didn’t you tell me there would be someone there who knew me!!"
"Wha’ are ya on about – nobody dere knew ya."
"A fella who was after an ushabti and who knew my name!!"
"Wha’ fella? ‘N wha’s an shubati?"
"You don’t know?"
"Know what?"
"That there was a fella there helping me?!!"
"Wha’ did he do?"
"He stole the ushabti, and then got me the brooch."
"The brooch? He handed it tah ya? Juss like dat."
 We had arrived in front of the meadow. "Yes!!!" I pushed strands of hair behind my ear.
"Who was he??"
"I haven’t a fuckin clue!"
"Kael!!! Don’t do this to me. Just tell me who he is!!!!"
"On Patsy’s life I have no idea buh sometin’s noh right ‘bout dis." 
We climbed over the metal gate. There was no going back now. Fallon would be waiting for me and I would bring him the object that would finally release him and his people from the shadow that enslaved them and I was supposed to live in his time from here on. The police were quickly climbing over the gate themselves.
"What about your wife and child?"
"Dey’re already at deh tree." 
Large flash lights shone on us as the police called for us to stop. One had taken to sprinting quickly gaining ground.
"They’re catching up," I said panicked.
"We’re almost dere." 
Kael’s wife spotted us and was screaming for us to hurry as he climbed onto the branches. He perched his tiny child on his back, his wife waiting on an adjoining branch. I glanced over my shoulder. Jay and the police were seconds away. He was trying to stop them but they just shoved him out of the way. 
I dove under the willow tree branches and immediately felt the familiar warmth of the branches enveloping me. I closed my eyes, fighting off the panic of being caught, to allow myself to pass through the earth. But the usual, ethereal feeling I had come to know so well did not happen. Instead I found myself diving headfirst without any of the sleeping or floaty sensation. There was pressure crushing my chest as if the surrounding soil was cement. Inhaling did nothing to relieve the pain in my lungs, as I struggled desperately for air. Loud hard rasps pushed dirt particles deep into my throat and nostrils choking me further. My eyes widened in muted disbelief at the realization that I was suffocating. The priests must have done something wrong. I wasn’t supposed to get stuck or buried alive, I was supposed to get back to Fallon. 
Suddenly I felt strong hands enveloping my hands. They pulled and pulled until a loud pop like champagne being uncorked sounded and I felt free of the cement wall. A magnificent rush of air filled my lungs. Fallon’s eyes watered up with relief, as he struggled to pull me to him, but something was preventing me from landing. He looked perplexed at this and tugged harder on my arms but it felt like my shoulders were being ripped from their sockets. He stopped trying to extricate me as soon as I screamed from the pain. In the struggle, the precious brooch suddenly became dislodged from my bra and fell to ground, bouncing twice off the concrete slab and splitting in two before hitting the soft earth. In an instant Kael scooped up the brooch then scattered away towards the amber light. Fallon called to him with an urgent tone but he didn’t stop. Even Tieve’s pleading could not convince him to come back.
"Fallon, my legs are stuck" I cried in the best translation I could muster. The literal conversion turned out to be "they’re removing my legs" because I felt someone was holding on tightly to my ankles. He drew his attention back from Kael stood on the slab, unsheathed his sword and reached his arm around my waist before piercing the soft roof of the cave. A piercing howl filled the cave and I fell with a loud thud to the ground. Fallon picked me up, cradled me in his arms, repeating my name with every kiss he planted over my sweat and dirt covered face.
I looked into his eyes and understood my journey to this place in time was for him, well, for the settlement. Still I couldn’t help but feel a large part of my heart stayed with Jay. Kael returned announcing victoriously that he had reached the amber room and had placed the brooch into the heart of the grand statue. The pin was missing he said, still the jewels of the brooch fit snuggly into the indentations of the statue. Fallon looked panicked, like a bomb was about to explode. He called out something just as the amber light transformed into a brighter yellow then to a sharp neon white, to a blinding bright piercing white. An ear-splitting roar was heard a second before a million fragments of glass flew fiercely around us shredding clothes and slicing through skin. Even though Fallon protected me with his shield, blood splashed everywhere.
"RUN!!!!" he yelled at the top of his lungs as he covered me. 
We all made a desperate dash for the cave’s exit. One second I was running and the next second my feet were not touching the ground. Fallon grabbed my hand tightly to prevent me from being lifted away. He held onto me with all his strength but a violent gush of air carried me away toward the roof of the cave. Glass fragments plunged into my skin and I screamed loudly for help. Fallon quickly scaled the wall catching onto me, but he could not fight the force that was carrying me away. I watched the glass making incisions into his beautiful face. He cried out to me, begged me to stay, but a second later I was gone. 
There was sudden silence. The clinking noise of flying glass, the loud whooshing sound of the wind was gone, as was Fallon’s voice pleading with me to stay. Disorientated I looked around and found an exhausted looking Jay and the two police men all of whom were muddied up, breathless and watching me intently. I stood beside the tree, but before I even had time to register all that had just happened, the ground rumbled loudly before a great shaking began. I stumbled for a moment but the shaking became worse. I managed to hide under the branches, wrapped my arms around the trunk and held on tightly. The enveloping warmth and well-being was gone. There was nothing now only an ordinary willow tree whose rough bark tore over my open wounds. The leaves surrendered to the disturbance covering me as they finished their rapid descent. I cried out for help then suddenly the shaking stopped. 
I got out from the cover of the tree and walked a few feet away. At first I thought it was a dizzy spell but the movement I was feeling was the ground sinking deeply beneath me. With no fight or energy left, I let myself descend to wherever the soil would take me. By the time the earth was still again the steep slope of the hill had imploded to form a huge crater where the meadow with all its wildflowers once grew. I was a speck in a great hollow cavity. Cherrymount had fallen. 
By the time the officers and Jay climbed out of the disaster zone, the shock of all that had just happened robbed me of what strength I had left. My bones felt as if they folded onto themselves and I found myself laying flat out in the concave basin, where only minutes before I had been surrounded by several people.
"What in God’s name did you do?" the officer chided caustically as he peered over the embankment. "You’ve caused the only effin earthquake in Ireland for centuries, if not millenniums."
"Back the fuck off" Jay growled while pushing him away roughly. "Blaine let’s get ya out of here." 
Not wanting anyone to touch me I shouted "I’m fine. I don’t need help at all", but it only came out as a wheezy rasp. 
The surprised looks the officers and Jay exchanged said it all. I probably wasn’t fine. I probably looked like an escaped mental patient. They were right. All they could see was a girl shaking uncontrollably, mud covered my entire body, and blood seeped from every part of my torn clothes.
"Why’s she mumbling "settlement" all the time" one officer asked the other. 
Jay said something about me being in a state of shock and to make themselves useful and call for an ambulance. I hadn’t a clue what he was on about.
Chapter 13

"And the voices told you to steal the brooch. Is that correct?" 
The psychiatrist, Miss Paula Short, a young sharply dressed woman with a kind face and a large diamond engagement ring, questioned me. We were in Cherrymount cottage and this was the on-going psychiatric treatment I had been subjected to for the past four months. The doctor on duty at Navan Hospital, the night the hill collapsed, cleansed my wounds then pronounced me kind of fit enough to be questioned by the two ban gardai, female officers. 
I was placed under arrest for a slew of charges. At the time I was in a medicated fog and while I could hear what was being said to me and nodded my understanding of the charges laid before me, I had no idea how to make sense of anything. When I tried to tell the truth, it led to a psychiatric evaluation. Explaining about the Willow tree and its powers resulted in my being declared unfit to stand trial. After so many questions being hurled at me and no answers to supply I was to be pitied more than anything else.
"Do the voices still tell you to do things?" The psychiatrist pressed gently. I looked out the window. Nula’s field had yielded its soft grazing pastures to the constant traffic ferrying archaeologists over and back. Other government personnel were also sent to investigate what was being declared as the greatest archaeological find in the history of Ireland. Enthusiasts flocked to gape at what had been hidden deep under Cherrymount Hill. One camera-hungry archaeologist was quick to announce, that from the objects pulled so far, they believed the area was home to an ancient tribe of unique metallurgists. He even went on to declare boldly, that this could even be the proof of where the travelling people originated from. And it was from those words that the chaos began. 
Hoards of travelling people lined the roads with all sizes and shapes of mobile homes. Some were simply curious to see the area, while others loudly declared the land theirs. The local villagers were outraged at the massive disturbance this caused their quiet community and did not hold back in trying to have them removed. A police presence was always on hand to maintain what control they could. Altercations were a daily occurrence and reinforcements had to be called in from Dublin to relieve the weary Kells and Navan officers.
I was being hailed as an angel by the travelling people, but a criminal and harlot by the general public. I was also the mastermind of several art robberies throughout Europe as well as the one at the National Museum. I didn’t care what anyone thought. My world just seemed to hold no sunshine anymore and I wasn’t sure why. Was it because I would never see Fallon again? Was he even real to begin with? Was any of life under the tree real? The constant inner battle I had fought, since last being with him, made my mind feel like melted wax.
"Blaine?" Miss Short prompted. 
I looked at her for a moment before my eyes were pulled once more to the activity outside. Just the sight of Cherrymount being plundered caused me to retch loudly and run to the bathroom to vomit. I returned about ten minutes later.
"How are you feeling now?" the woman asked with genuine concern. "You’re paler and thinner since last week."
"I’m okay" I lied. My own voice sounded weak, like it belonged to another person, someone whose spirit was broken. Maybe there was a crow out there to blame for all of this.
"Of course she’s okay" Iris piped up loudly as she barged into the room. The reason I was even allowed back to Cherrymount was because Iris declared I would be under her constant supervision. And constant it was. Iris had full control over her so-called daughter once more. 
I had begged to go to prison but they said my psychological condition was too fragile and the psychiatrist convinced the judge I would not be a danger to myself, or anyone else at the cottage. Curfews were established and enforced, not that I ever went out. 
Iris had allowed Jay to live in the cottage. He remained distant but protective. I thought of all the work he had to do with little or no help. Patsy left town when the chaos got to be too much. I tried to do my chores as before, but Jay would say I needed to keep my strength. A thousand times he offered to take me away but I couldn’t distance myself from Cherrymount. I knew that disappointed him because every time he looked at me his lips tightened as if I had hurt him beyond anything he had ever known before. It got to the point where I avoided looking at him altogether. My room became a sanctuary where only sleep provided relief.
"Thank you Iris" the doctor said with slight annoyance "but as I have explained before this is a private and confidential session. I would appreciate if you would respect that boundary. If you cannot, I will have you removed for the duration of our consultations." 
Iris rolled her eyes and left the room in a huff. The doctor spoke again. "Blaine, tell me what you’re going through at this moment."
"I have nothing more to say that hasn’t already been said." 
Miss Short frowned. "Have you told anyone you might be pregnant?"
"I’m not pregnant." I could hear the dead tone, but could do nothing to change it.
"Blaine I have been coming here three times a week for two months now and I think you may be expecting a baby."
"I said, I’m not pregnant."
"I brought you a home pregnancy test if you wish to take it." My eyes turned away in disgust and followed another group of workers passing by the window. Their easy laughter and light banter seemed like a scene from a movie rather than reality. It didn’t fit with my reality.
"I tell you what," Miss Short continued, "I will leave you the test. You can take it anytime you want. Nobody has to know about it – including me. However if there’s a chance you need medication for the stress you’re going through then I will need to know if you are pregnant. It could inadvertently harm the foetus." 
I watched as she extracted a box from her briefcase and place it on the coffee table. The gentle chime of the clock struck one and on cue the doctor closed over her folder. She placed her hands together, "now I won’t see you for a week as I will be away for a few days. Nobody else will be replacing me, so I will leave you my mobile number in case there is an emergency."
"Are you getting married?" It was the first question I had asked since these visits began.
I could see Miss Short was anxious not to let this communication slip away. Personal information probably wouldn’t be something she’d normally dole out to her patients.
"Yes Blaine I am."
"Will you be having a honeymoon?"
"It will be a short one, but yes I will be having a honeymoon."
"Enjoy every second you have together." 
Paula Short responded cautiously "we’ll only have a week. I would have preferred two weeks, but my fiancée can only take one."
"Why?"
"His work is very demanding and if he takes more than a week he will miss out on important meetings."
"Meetings" I muttered. "Meetings over a honeymoon?" 
Clearly feeling uncomfortable with the way the conversation had veered, Miss Short took the risk of probing what she thought may be the issue. "And you Blaine? How was your honeymoon with him?" 
For the first time water filled my eyes. I knew the deadpan look became one filled with pain."There was no time."
"Did he have meetings too?"
"I did it wrong. Something…but I don’t know what."
"When did you feel it had gone wrong?" 
I swallowed hard. "He wasn’t beside me anymore."
"What took him away from you?"
"I don’t know" I sobbed. It was something I had racked my brain night and day trying to find out -what could I have done wrong? The brooch went into the statue, as it should have. But I didn’t get to stay. I did something very wrong. 
Miss Short got up to leave even though it was obvious every single part of her wanted to stay. It was her profession to get to the bottom of my depression or delusions. "I think you do know Blaine. You just have to think through the details. The answer is inside you somewhere." She was almost out the door when I ran after her.
"Ask him to take two weeks."
"Pardon?" she replied in confusion. 
I wiped my eyes. "Before you marry him. Ask him to take a two week honeymoon. You are more important than any meeting. If he loves you and realizes how magical it is that you have found each other, he will take the time off." 
Miss Short’s eyes widened as a sudden flush rose in my cheeks. "Thank you Blaine" the woman replied uncomfortably "I will certainly give it due consideration." 
I looked toward Cherrymount Hill. "…Because he should go to any length to be with you… no matter what." 
I watched her hurry away, probably glad to be free of the whacky patient.
Returning to the cottage, I grabbed the pregnancy test from the coffee table then headed to the only other place besides my bedroom where privacy was assured: the bathroom. Thirty minutes at least were spent just looking at the product and a further twelve agonizing minutes later a shadow of a pink plus sign formed then grew bolder in its message that a child was growing within me. 
It was the most surreal moment of my life, far more than the goings-on of the willow tree. And just like that rays of sunshine burst through my darkness as tears of joy rolled down my cheeks. I certainly was an all-occasion crier. I hugged my tummy with sheer delight. I was going to have a baby. My hands shook as joy, nervousness, shock, awe and wonder caroused through me. How I would manage to support or care for this new life, I had no idea, but I would love this little one with all my heart and all my soul. 
A voice inside me asked whose child was it Fallon’s or Jay’s? My heart told me it was Fallon as he was the last man I had slept with, but the voice of logic disagreed by reminding me that Fallon was merely a figment of my imagination. The father had to be Jay. 
Questions popped into my head like soap bubbles bursting loudly. How far along was I pregnant? My cycles were far from regular, so if I calculated when I had made love with Jay that time……I must be at least eighteen, or twenty weeks….already the second trimester. Goodness but that was far along all the same, yet I wasn’t showing at all. Why was that? And how could I even tell Jay I might be having his child when I didn’t even know myself. Of course a paternity test would resolve that issue but wouldn’t the baby have to be born for that? Clearly I was in need of guidance. Now I could either run away or I could stay and find a way to get closure on this whole insane situation and the only person I believed could help, was Rosie.
"Are ya all right in there?" 
Jay was outside. I smiled at the sound of his voice and at the thought of sharing my joy, but then realized that was a bit premature. I would have to wait.
"Blaine?" He patted on the door again. 
I tensed up. How could I hide something of this magnitude? He was already really worried about me. I didn’t want to add anything to that.
"I’m fine." I called out softly "Thank you." After quickly crumpling up the empty box then carefully covering the test in tissues, I stuffed both items into the back pocket of my jeans. Iris was anal enough to check out my every move and report it back to the cops, the media and anything that would get her attention.
"It’s all yours" I smiled emerging from the bathroom. He was leaning against my bedroom door looking as handsome as ever. An image flashed before me of what his child would look like, if it was his I was carrying, and I had to keep from giggling and blurting out the news. Maybe he read something in my expression, but in one swift step he was suddenly standing very close to me, his hand gently caressing my face, his eyes full of concern and his exquisite scent of spicy freshness filling me with wellness.
"I can’t leave the farm Blaine, but that doesn’t mean ya can’t. Let me hide ya. Nobody would find ya, I promise. I would keep ya safe." His tenderness touched my heart.
"This will pass Jay, sooner or later."
"It’s taking a toll on ya. Sure there’s more meat on a butcher’s pencil ya’ve gotten so thin." 
I waved off his concern "nothing I can’t handle," which was a total lie. There were no bars on the window that I could see, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there.
"Can I get ya anythin’? Ya’ve been confined to this place for far too long, ya must surely be missin’ some essentials." 
And then I saw my opportunity. "I would really love to see Rosie. Do you think you could get her to stop by without Iris knowing about it?" 
His smile told me that wouldn’t be a problem.
"Tonight at nine p.m. while Iris is watching the telly?"
"Perfect," I nodded. "Thank you, Jay." Then I could not help myself, I hugged him tightly letting myself bask momentarily in the shelter of his warm body and tight embrace. His hard chest and arms offered me an oasis of love in a desert of hostility and suspicion, but I dared not stop too long to partake of his refuge for I was sure I would never leave it. I gently broke away without looking at him then headed to my bedroom and shut the door.
The next few hours passed excruciatingly slow, but finally I heard a gentle tapping on my bedroom window. Cautiously, I peered outside but saw nobody. After opening the window and sticking my head from left to right, I heard a soft whistle from the conifer hedge near where Jay’s car was parked. I climbed out the window, grateful this was a bungalow then headed over to meet him. Only that he emerged from the trees I wouldn’t have seen him covered by the foliage as he was. Holding my hand he led me through the trees into the field where Patsy’s cottage stood about fifty meters away.
"Where’s Rosie?" I enquired. "Is she coming?" I desperately need to talk to her. Before he could answer the same circle of hooded figures appeared around us startling me.
"Rosie! Ya should have warned us the entire coven would be here."
"Hush Jay" she chided from the shadows of her long cloak. "We need to get this done now – there isn’t much time."
"I need to talk to Rosie. Alone" I blurted. 
Jay nodded "okay – no problem. I’ll be standing by your bedroom window in case Iris tries to check in on you." 
Once I felt everyone was far away enough that they could not overhear our conversation I stared straight at Rosie and spewed of everything I had bottled up. "I know you may already know what I’m about to say, but I ask that you don’t tell me anything just yet because I’m not sure what I want to hear or not hear. All I know is I am freaking out trying to understand how I go about finding the answers I need to have without letting anybody know the truth – well anybody but you. Obviously you will know, or already know so that’s a moot point. What I mean to say is only one person will know the truth and that’s you and…"
"Blaine!" Rosie exclaimed subsequently halting my drivel. "Focus."
"I’m pregnant!"
"I see it in your aura child."
"Is it healthy?" 
She closed her eyes momentarily, took a long deep breath then as if the image before her was crystal clear, she smiled widely and said "perfectly." 
My shoulders lowered in relief. I nodded silently lowering my head all the while hating my quivering chin and the tight knot sitting in my throat. It took a moment to gather my emotions but when I finally could speak I said the words that made me feel most guilty if not altogether shameful of my sexual behavior. "I don’t know who the father is."
"What will it mean to you to know?"
 Surprised at not seeing any raised eyebrows or looks of disdain at my loose morals, I thought about the question. It certainly was a loaded one but the extensive answers sitting on the tip of my tongue came out as a mere "loads."
"Hmmmm." I detected skepticism. Her eyes were directed at my belly. Not that I was showing or anything, but she was seeing something I wasn’t. Her palms suddenly outstretched toward my abdomen, her eyes wide. If I had any objections to what I thought was about to happen, I didn’t think they would be considered. As if in a trance she seemed to connect with the child growing inside me. Once the connection was made between her hands and my stomach area, Rosie’s face took on an expression of surprise and then her mouth made an "oh" shape and sadness made the wrinkles on her forehead come together.
"What?????" I exclaimed. "What do you see?????" It was like as if she hadn’t heard me. Her eyes closed, the pressure of her hands across my stomach grew harder and a strange smile crossed her face. It was scaring the bejeesus out of me but I said nothing, afraid to interrupt whatever was going on here. No more than a minute or two passed when Rosie finally broke away. It felt like I had been waiting with baited breath for an hour. She lifted the hood of her blue velvet cloak onto her head announcing with a certain authoritative tone "there is much to do child. We must hurry." And just like that she turned away. I grabbed her arm, halting her in her tracks.
"What in goodness name do you think you’re doing?" I hissed. "You can’t just stand there as if you’ve morphed with this child and not expect me to want to know what’s happening."
"But you said not to tell you anything." Her lips pursed together. "Now you’re just confusing me!" 
She was right. I had asked that specifically. Wanting to get a grip on the emotions I was clearly not in control of, I took a few deep calming breaths. It helped to take the edge off the escalating anxiety. "I need to know what you saw, except where the sex of the baby is concerned. I would like that to be a surprise."
"The child will not survive to term if you do not resolve the issue of these two worlds you live in."
"Not survive!" My heart plummeted to my toes "What do you mean not survive?" I balked. "Why? What’s wrong?" She had to have made a mistake because I no longer had access to life under the willow tree. "The cottage" I corrected with aplomb "has been the only world I’ve known for the past few months."
"There has to be closure. And it must happen rapidly. We will prepare what is needed with the coven."
"What can the coven do? They haven’t done anything to help the situation as far as I’m concerned. Apart from knocking me out on the wet grass, they’ve been about as helpful as a suspicious rash."
"I have told you before" Rosie whispered exasperated "to emote less. It will not do you or the baby any good." 
Jay appeared beside me before I could say something sarcastic. "Yer okay Blaine?" He threw Rosie a look indicative of his discontent.
"I’m fine thanks." I’d have to stop lying to him soon. Rosie signalled to the coven and I immediately recognized the man from the museum.
"YOU!!" I exclaimed.
"Hi Blaine"
"What the fff?..... Why?…how did???…"
"Dee’s spell made it happen" Rosie interjected. "Frank here has certain hypnotic talents that we used to assist you that night. He brought you the brooch but the guards who tried to intercept him can’t remember what happened. The security footage shows a masked man stealing the items…nothing more."
"You could have told me you know…I went to all that trouble to…."
"He needed your energy and the energy of the tattoo there. It was what we call a combined effort." With a swift clap of her hands she snapped "no more time for chit-chat!"
Soon a ritual was underway in which the Goddess was invoked to guide me to the completion of a mission she had seemingly bestowed on me. Not that I got the memo or anything. The ceremony finished with my palm being nicked with a decorative dagger and the blood rubbed into the wet grass. The coven dispersed and I made my way back to the cottage with strict directives from Rosie on what to do next. I flopped into bed unbeknownst to Iris and fell into a deep sleep.
The next morning I got up to find Iris was outside fighting with some innocent travelling people while Jay was milking the cows. Taking advantage of a moment of privacy, I picked up the phone, dialed the number and waited until the person answered.
"Miss Short? It’s Blaine. Do you have a minute?" The sound of ocean waves in the background made me smile –Miss Short was on her honeymoon but still had time to talk. "I won’t keep you long" I promised, "I just wanted to say that when I look at Cherrymount I feel my answers lay there. But I need to stand in the soil, feel the earth around me to heal."
"You know that goes against the terms of your conditional release."
"Did you get two weeks or one?" A long pause followed my question.
"Two" Miss Short answered with a joy in her voice not heard before.
"I’m very happy for you and know you will understand that I need to find why I didn’t get my two weeks, or very little time at all. Cherrymount is the answer."
"Did you take the test?"
"I did."
"And?"
"I’m having a baby."
"Let me make a few calls and I’ll get back to you."
Three evenings later after all the excavators had long gone home, I was allowed to walk around Cherrymount Hill or ‘The Crater’ as it was now called. The cordoned off areas were out of bounds as the excavation process was meticulously underway, but at least I was allowed to be alone. Iris watched me like a hawk from the steel gate but then seemed to get bored and returned to the cottage. What they did not know was that I was communicating with Patsy. My pregnancy was a still a secret. 
Miss Short had arranged to have a physician come by in a week to examine me, as she believed I was approximately twenty weeks along. Looking at my flat belly, nobody would know, myself included. I strolled to the furthest corner of the field trying to take in what I was seeing. Only the willow tree remained of my beloved meadow and a sense of barrenness hung in the air. An urgent whisper made me jump and I whirled around, but couldn’t see anyone only the high conifer hedge.
"Blaine?" Patsy’s voice came to me in a low whisper. He was in the upper most corner of his own field which gave onto Cherrymount.
"Patsy!!!" I knew him now to be my father but and couldn’t help crying tears of joy when our hands met through the gnarled branches. My world became a little less lonely knowing I had contact with someone who understood my situation.
"Rosie…she sent me gersha..." His voice sounded strained. He had been keeping under the radar during all the chaos and still did not want to be seen or heard.
"How have you been Patsy?"
"Alright I suppose." I could hear the sadness in his voice. He missed Kael terribly, but as a parent, was content in knowing his son was with his wife and child.
"‘N yerself gersha?" he asked tenderly.
"Getting there Patsy".
"Tah see Iris livin’ in Dee’s home – tha’s deh biggest shame in all o’ dis. I nevur thought I’d see deh day when she’d be dere." He had a point but I didn’t want to talk about her. "Afore I forget…gersha…. Dee sends hur love."
"Dee? You went to see her at the hospital?"
"No..she’s been wi’ meself ‘n Beth dese past few weeks."
"What??????"
"‘N don’ tink on tha’ too much" he added quickly, probably given that my jaw was hanging open. "She’s helpin’ ya from a distance….buh keepin an eye on Iris all dah same."
"Really?" I felt hopeful. "What kind of help?"
"Eh…..arrah stuff wit’ Rosie ‘n some uddur close friends."
"So what did Rosie want you to tell me exactly?"
"We can fix whatevuh did na work deh las’ time ‘n everytin’ will be alrigh’."
"I don’t understand."
"Well gersha…tell me everytin’ from deh beginning." And so I did – from Brennus to Fallon and their seasonal transformation, but not Jay’s soul. That was not something for me to share. Patsy, if he was surprised showed no emotion only listened in silence. When I was finally done he spoke.
"Child I tink I know why yer still hehay."
"You do!"
"Twasn’ deh whole brooch…only some o’ deh brooch dah entered deh statue. Deh pin was left behin."
"But why didn’t Kael take it then?"
"Gausun probablay didn’ know…"
"So what do I do now?"
"Who are you talking to!!!!!!? Iris’s voice startled me so that I jumped in fright.
"I’m talking to myself Iris" I frowned. "Miss Short says I need to externalize my thoughts and not keep everything so bottled up. I’m chatting away to myself as much as I can. She also says I should speak my mind no matter what. So could you please piss off." 
Iris’ face went beetroot red. "Well next time you’re with the doctor ask her when you’ll knock off this nonsense!!" 
I said nothing so as not to keep her around a second longer.
"It’s time to be getting back," she ordered.
"But I haven’t gone around the whole way yet."
"Look I’m going out tonight, so get home now."
"Iris, Miss Short says, I really need to go around the whole field or I’ll get another episode. You can watch me from the gate, or even the house. You know I’ll be right behind you." Iris hesitated for a long moment then handed me a flashlight.
"Flicker the lights every few minutes then when you’re done Jay can pick you up." 
I took the pocket lamp from her hand as she smiled malevolently. "Thanks Iris. You’re a bitch by the way." I gasped. "Sorry!! It just comes out. Miss Short says it’s normal!! I’ll be back in a few minutes." 
As soon as she was out of earshot I leaned in toward the hedge.
"Patsy? Are you still there?" He stepped through the hedge albeit with difficulty. He remained hidden deep in the corner just in case Iris would come back, but his dark clothing kept him hid safely in obscurity.
"Good on ya fer speakin yer mind."
"Sorry you had to hear that."
"No mattur. Now dis is yer only chance tah fix dis pin ting, so it has tah be now."
"What are we doing?"
"Finishin’ dis." Patsy told me to flash the pocket lamp twice in the direction of the gate. I did so without a word. "Now gersha gimme deh lamp ‘n ye’ll take dis." The pin was clenched in my palm. I was terribly scared to be discovered and lose the last contact that made life that bit less hellish. Patsy asked me to retrace my steps to where I was standing before the cave-in.
"Ya must find deh statue ‘n place deh pin where it should be."
"How do I find either?"
"Follow deh glass."
"But there was so much of it. It got scattered everywhere. I just wouldn’t know where to look."
"Burn deh drawin’ child!"
"Wha? How? What good will that do?"
"Dee told Rosie, it needed tah be burned – now." 
He shoved a lighter into my shaking hand, as I retrieved the sketch from my jeans pocket. The flames quickly engulfed the paper in a brief burst of energy before glowing confetti fell on the earth. I looked on in dismay at Patsy.
"What now?" 
Before he could answer the confetti lifted with a swirl of wind, suspended in the air, the still-burning paper became a trail of faint lights that lit a path around the crater by the willow tree before descending into the cavity.
"T’all began by deh tree, so I s’ppose t’will finish dere too. Hurry now gersha, Iris’ll be back any minute." 
Patsy flashed the lamp then passed it to me and held onto my hand as I descended a ladder installed by the digging crew to make access to the site easier. Patsy watched anxiously as I followed the faintly glowing course, stopping by instinct where I felt the concrete slab had been. 
The last paper light burned out and I knew the statue had to be there. Picking up a discarded shovel left by one of the workers, I dug carelessly through the mud, hacking away without a second thought of preserving anything. After a couple of minutes I was breathless and exhausted. Patsy gestured and I passed him the lamp which he flashed once more then returned to me before I continued digging more desperately. Patsy had found another shovel and began shoveling too.
"Leave it Patsy. Iris will be here in a few minutes. I’ll come back tomorrow."
"We cannoh gersha. We’ve damaged deh site ‘n dah will end all o’ yer visits. Ye’ve only got deh next few minutes or ye’ve lost dis chance." 
I continued to shovel frantically as did Patsy. Suddenly Iris’s voice was hollering from the gate. I climbed to the top of the crater where I flashed the lamp.
"I’m here Iris" I called sweetly. "Give me a few more minutes. I’m almost finished." Reluctantly Iris gave me ten minutes. Patsy helped me back down and we got back digging even harder. Minutes later I threw down the shovel and burst into tears.
"Patsy it’s no good we’ll never find it."
"Dig child! Dig! Don’ give up. C’mon- c’mon dig." When the bright light first appeared I thought it was the flash light."
"Lookit!!!!"Patsy cried. "C’mere. Dere’s somethin’ heyah." I got up and immediately recognized the light was from the statue.
"That’s it Patsy!!!" My scream of delight gave him renewed force and he dug with vigor.
When the statue was only partially cleared the field lit up like a huge spot-light.
"Dah light’s goin’ tah have Iris back here in two minutes. Hurry lass." 
My hands frantically explored the statue. It was hard to face the bright light and find what I was looking for.
"Hurry child."
"Oye!!! What the hell is that!!!!"
"Iris!" I gasped.
"Keep goin’ gersha." I took the pin and tried placing it in anyplace my fingers travelled over but nothing happened.
"You rat faced bastard Patsy!!!" Iris had reached the edge of the crater and was spitting fury at what she saw. I stopped searching but Patsy quickly signaled for me to continue. Iris slid down into the pit and punched the old man hard so that he fell over. I leapt to help him, but he pushed me away "find it child. Find it!!!!." 
Patsy may have been old but he had some fight left and rammed his shovel into Iris’ shins. She fell hard to the ground. Patsy held his shovel tightly, but Iris being the Viking she was removed it from his arthritic hands knocking a savage blow to his face. He crumpled to the ground. She had knocked an old man unconscious. I fought off tears as my hands searched desperately once more. Iris moved in on me just as I suddenly felt the roundness of the brooch. 
Big hands grabbed onto my hair just as I plunged the pin into the brooch’s center. Her other fist would have landed on my head had she not been catapulted back from the shock wave of searing light which shot up from the crater. Brennus and the entire court in animal form, including Jay as a crow, came flying through the air, as if having been catapulted from a sling shot. They landed heavily on the ground with a cacophony of grunts and groans. 
I barely had time to register what was going on when they transformed into humans. Iris fainted while Jay stumbled as he grabbed onto his chest, his piercing scream filling the night air before falling unconscious. Jerked from the stoic state which had gripped me, I dashed over to where he lay, lifeless. I turned toward the King, but found no words to express how I was feeling. I wanted to roar at him, to demand him to help Jay, but instead of placing blame and wondering what just happened, I held Jay’s face, deathly pale against the black earth. 
First aid techniques came to mind but I didn’t apply them because there was no pulse, no heartbeat, no life. Emotions on a level I could not even comprehend took over and I sobbed loudly while I called to him to wake up, to talk to me, to be with me, to not be dead. I had a child in me, his child – yes, I was sure it was his! I hadn’t made love to Fallon, a figment of my imagination. I had made love to Jay!
Brennus was responsible for this. He had wanted a servant and stole Jay’s soul to guarantee he wouldn’t be left without his valet!! Anger bubbled through my veins carousing through me like molten lava. Slowly I turned away from Jay’s body and stormed toward Brennus. I stood before His Majesty infuriated to see his attitude was one of silent and indifferent observation.
"Help him!!!!!" It was as if I had asked him to choose supper for that evening. "Bring him back" I growled through gritted teeth "You bring him back right NOW." Brennus’ face turned so red I thought he was having a heart-attack.
"You dare speak to your king like that! You? The wench?"
"You are no king to me." Before he could say anything else, Nula took his hand and gently coaxed reason into him.
"You no longer need him for us. Look how we have been released and are well. We can finally return home now that our punishment has ended. You lived by greed once and that got us centuries of punishment. Return Jaelen to the maid servant and show Mother Spirit how you have changed, how your time in limbo has made you the great king we know you are." 
I didn’t see any greatness in him and I didn’t think he had learned anything from centuries spent as a bull, but I wasn’t about to say that as I needed him for Jay. 
Judging from the almost imperceptible nod Nula gave me, she was on my side. A low grumble escaped his throat followed by a harrumph, but when I saw him move toward Jay I wanted to cry for joy. The black shell necklace Jay gave me appeared in mid-air before settling around Jay’s neck. With a swooping gesture Brennus gathered the entire court around Jay’s body. A collective incantation was called out to the sky, its short verse repeated until it grew to a rapid rhythm. 
Suddenly a large black shape appeared from above. The wingspan was jaw-dropping. It must have measured thirty feet and the body of the midnight black bird was that of two men. One of its cries pierced the air jolting me with its intensity. I reeled back covering my ears for protection but thankfully the noise was short-lived. The rhythmic chants never ceased as the feathered giant hovered low over Jay until its razor like talons rested on his chest. I winced expecting to see blood oozing from the incisions on his skin but none appeared. After what seemed like an endless pause the bird’s head jerked toward Brennus, bowed lowly before opening its massive beak and releasing a light so dazzling my hands shot to cover my eyes. Feeling the brightness decreasing in intensity, I looked and saw a glowing pearl-shaped sphere fall into Jay’s mouth. 
The bird ascended out of sight with wings flapping up a wind storm. The chanting stopped and the group opened up to allow me access to Jay. Even though he still wasn’t moving I noticed his pallor was no longer deathly white but had a little nuance of pink to it. He was coming around. I knelt beside him, my shoulders falling in relief at seeing his body taking in air. Questions as to what happened once he was awake came to mind but I pushed them back when Brennus and the court began walking away toward the small patch of earth clinging to the willow tree.
"Come my Queen. Our son Fallon will be waiting." No other words were spoken and I realized he was leaving without my knowing why he had been cursed. It certainly was to do with the statue because her jewels being returned released them from the curse. Had Brennus given away the brooch? I guess I’d never know. Not that it mattered. My focus was on Jay and what would happen to him now that his soul was returned. Would he shrivel up and become an aged man or would his life, which had been suspended, continue on its natural path? 
Brennus took Nula’s hand and everyone else followed suit. When they were sure each one was connected to another Brennus placed his palm against the willow tree and the entire court disappeared. 
Time seemed to be suspended as I watched Jay regain consciousness. The eye-twittering was followed by sharp movements of his head and jerking limbs until he finally appeared fully awake. I leaned over checking him as best I could with t.v. medical knowledge. When his eyes caught mine indescribable joy spilled out of my heart and I kissed his lips so many times, I almost cut off his air supply. Weakened, but still strong enough to press against my shoulders, I left Jay some breathing room and sat up. That wry smile I loved so much sat in its usual sideways position.
"Blaine?" he croaked before clearing his throat.
" Jay" I gushed. "Are you alright? Do you feel okay? Are you…." 
His finger went to his lips to gently hush me. I nodded silently and waited for him to speak. "Will ya marry me?"
Three months later the farm had become a totally different place. First of all, I never experienced one night of insomnia. Rosie put it down to Brennus having messed with my memory when I was a child. With him gone, the insomnia went. Iris was no longer in my life. She had been accused of battery and was on probation for assault. Her dramatic reaction on being hauled off to jail made the nine o’clock news after someone put the clip on "Your Tube". 
I also had a restraining order placed against her and told her she had no place in my life. The archaeological excavations continued but the team accessed Cherrymount by cutting across a field further away from the farm. Four silver plaques had been discovered and experts were drooling over their historical value. It was confirmed they were made by a clan of metallurgic experts and DNA testing proved the fact by tracing lienage from the remnant bones to several clans within the travelling community. Caravans followed the archaeological team to ensure their heritage was being carefully preserved. A field to house the travelling families was donated for the duration of the project by a local farmer, the brother of Philip Tute. All amenities were provided such as waste management, access to running water and electricity.
Dee had recuperated from the spell and although we had a couple of lovely weeks together, she no longer felt connected to Cherrymount. Instead she applied for and obtained a visa to work in the United States and moved to Salem, Massachusetts. 
I was convinced she had used magic in the application process, as she was well beyond the age limit for working visas. She had sent me a postcard inviting me to visit her new shop and home "The Witches Britches."
As for myself and Jay, I did accept his marriage proposal, but I wanted the wedding to be some time after the baby was born, which he had no objection to. He had said as long as I promised to marry him, he would wait until I was ready. He also said he hadn’t had a chance to offer me an engagement ring but gave me Dee’s testament which officially made me owner of Cherrymount cottage. He didn’t know but as a wedding gift I was adding his name to the deed.
Right now though I was focusing on bringing this baby into the world. Rosie and two coven members, all mid-wives, were assisting me in a home birth and Rosie was leading the show. Jay and Alex were at either side of me, hands clasped tight with mine as the contractions came hard and fast.
"Okay Blaine" she said gently but firmly, "last push now and we’ll bring this little man into the world."
"Rossssieeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
