


Unicorn Witch

By


Derek White

Copywrite © 2004 by Derek White

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced without prior permission from the author, his agent Melanie Newton, or any member of the Official Unicorn Witch Book FaceBook Page Team, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review.

Cover Artwork © 2012 Meagan O’Day Phillips and Melanie Newton




All characters in this book are entirely imaginary and any resemblance to persons living or dead or actual events is purely coincidental.


Join The Discussion On The Unicorn Witch Official Facebook Page!
www.facebook.com/unicornwitch

Follow Derek White on Twitter @authorderek

This work is dedicated to the memory of my best friend and father-in-law, Fred Witt (now sadly deceased) and to everyone else who has seen a picture of a unicorn and wished that they existed.

Well they do! - - On Refuge.







The advice given to me by Anne McCaffrey is gratefully acknowledged.

I also thank my daughter Melanie and son Matt for listening and making suggestions when problems faced by the hero and heroine needed solving.

  

CHAPTER ONE

1351 (By Refuge Calendar)
  The eighteen year old girl riding slowly down Midwitch main street would have attracted the attention of every red-blooded male and the admiration or envy of quite a few of her own gender even if she hadn't been riding a white unicorn.  The young man studying her most closely though just wanted to be sure of her identity before he shouted, "Tyana!
  "Tyana Counter!"
  He was on foot and ran from the sidewalk to meet her as she turned to see who'd called.
  "It is you, Tyana, isn't it? And that must be Karim you're riding, I'm sure I haven't got that wrong!"
  "Yes, I'm Tyana, but who?....."
  She lost her puzzled look, dropped from Karim's back and threw herself into his arms as she shouted, "Darren!" She then continued more quietly, "It must be eight years at least since I last saw you!" 'And how you've changed', she thought, 'You still have red curly hair, but the spindly youth I knew has grown into a six feet tall man who'd turn the head of any unattached girl in Camelot.' She continued,  "I'm just about to eat. Why not join me and we can catch up on old times."
  Darren was happy to, so shortly with Karim outside munching her way through the contents of a feed bag filled with oats, the one-time school friends were at a table for two in what anyone from Earth might recognise as a Middle Ages tavern. They would have thought it odd though that no money changed hands. Tyana and Darren just asked the owner for their food and as if by magic it appeared on their table.
  Darren broke the silence with, "Now, tell me what you're doing here in Midwitch. You looked as though you were carrying all the cares of the world when I saw you! Can I help?"
  Tyana smiled, but there was no humour in it. "I am! Well, almost! You see I've been given a job by Merlin and.."
  "You don't mean The Merlin? The World President?"
  "Yes. I've known him all my life you know, so when he wanted a messenger I was an obvious choice. Don't forget he often rides Belle, Karim's dame.
  "Anyway, he's been working for ten years on why people suddenly lose their powers, and he's decided that I should help him. He sent me to Argentcourt and then here to learn how the people are coping with the losses like yours. In particular I was to learn if any of them realise it's likely to happen again in about a month. 
  "Hardly anyone would speak with me in Argentcourt, even though I rode Karim, and frankly, until I met you I hadn't had a smile from anyone here even though I'd known some of them for years!"
  "Merlin's wasting his time, and yours too!" Darren snapped.
  "There is no cure! Do you think I haven't tried to find one?
  "I've been to every healer in the ten towns and none can sense anything wrong. Drop it, and save yourself a lot of heartache!"
  Tyana laid a hand on her friend's, noticed the wedding ring and tried to distract him.
  "Tell me about yourself, ... and your wife?"
  The anger faded from his face as he smiled and replied, "I'm married to the most beautiful girl on Refuge and we've just had a son.
  "If you're heading back to Camelot, visit Mum and Dad's ranch. Crystal and I are taking him to see his grandparents in a couple of days.
  "Anyway, stop changing the subject. I want you to give it up and tell Merlin where to put his job, President or no."
  "We will visit you. I'd love to meet her!
  "However, I can't give up! Apparently there's a prophecy in the records at Abinger that suggests I can help. So don't let's fall out over it, in fact, I'd like you to tell me again what it was like finding yourself unable to do even simple magic, if don't mind. I was only eight at the time. Of course I remember that terrible morning, but what happened before? Please, Darren. Merlin thinks it important. He wanted me to find you and ask if I could."
  Darren looked at her as though about to refuse, then relaxed and commented, "Even at eight when I was ten, I could never refuse a request from you! May the Old Ones be kind to whoever you marry! Is there anyone yet?"
  Tyana shook her head and waited for him to continue, determined not to be side-tracked. He shrugged and started.
  "It was the day after my tenth birthday. We'd had a talk by Merlin himself, if you remember, on what to say if we found a lost looking stranger who we thought might be from Earth. 
  "I went swimming with a few friends in the river in Camelot that evening, then went to bed early with the worst headache I can ever remember. Next morning when I was getting ready for school I 'called' for my books as usual and the first two came to my hand, but the third just dropped to the floor.
  "Ever since then ... Nothing!
  "Not much help for you there, is there?"
  The strain of remembering, and thinking about it had taken their toll and there were tears in Darren's eyes which he tried to hide.
  "I'm sorry, Tyana. I've got to go. Good luck! Do come to see us at the ranch!" and he rushed out.
  Tyana decided to spend the evening in the inn, but learned no more. Everyone was wary of any stranger, so she made sure Karim was comfortable in the stable and retired early, only to spend what seemed most of the night dreaming about the past.  
  Her mind went back ten years to the first recorded case, fresh in her memory after talking to Darren, and she drifted into a fitful sleep.
  She felt her father's anger when he left the house to find her and Darren, their neighbours' son, still in the paddock instead of at school.
  "What do you mean, you can't do magic any more? What sort of excuse for being late is that? There's no way your teachers are going to believe that you two, who hope to become the world's youngest ever Bronzes can't manage a simple task like collecting your school books and getting there on time."
  It took a demonstration to convince him that Darren was unable to make even one page of a notebook move by will alone, and from that moment on he was just a normal ten year old human child, such as they learned about at school in 'Earth History,' but never really believed existed. 
  For a time his education continued in the same classroom but then, when more became like him, a special school was started in Midwitch and he moved to stay with an uncle.
  Until that day they'd been working together honing the skills needed for Bronze. Although she was almost two years younger than Darren they were well matched and either of them could handle any four of their other classmates single-handed.
  Darren was so brave. Through his tears he insisted that she went ahead and did her best. "Show them for both of us!" he said. "I'll take mine next year when I'm better."
  She woke with a start, but could find no reason for it except the vivid dream that had seemed real.  Of course at that time nobody had known that his condition was permanent, or that there would soon be dozens like him. Tyana could even remember the look of joy on his face as he watched her qualify. 'What a day that was,' she thought as she drifted back to sleep, and straight into the dream again.
  She felt so nervous when she saw how many people were there watching her. Not only the members of the Council and her family, but it seemed to her that the whole population of Camelot had come to see the youngest ever Bronze witch. Taking a deep breath and following an old superstition of crossing her fingers she began the routine she'd been rehearsing for weeks.
  She conjured a bouquet of roses to her own hand and then caused it to float gracefully across the hall to Shaena, the newly appointed Head of Council, who was dressed in a simple white robe that emphasised her natural beauty. Her white sash of office was draped over her left shoulder and had a white leather pad upon which was perched Hawka, her peregrine falcon.
  Tyana had demonstrated two of the five Bronze tests at once.
  A signal fire had already been set in a brazier. A glance and a thought lit it. She now caused a small cloud to form just above the brazier, then made very localised rain to extinguish it. A goblet filled with water from a nearby stream was given to her, and only seconds later passed around the Council for tasting. Had she had long enough? Initially she wondered, when the first to taste it pulled a face, but all was well, he just didn't like a dry white wine. From the reaction of the others she knew she had made it, and she would be allowed to be annexed with Karim.
  The usually sombre atmosphere at a qualifying meeting was shattered as Karim came on to the stage, and what seemed like hundreds of conversations started at once. Only Tyana's parents and close friends had been expecting the pure white unicorn filly with golden mane and tail, piercing blue eyes, and horn and hooves of what appeared to be solid gold that now stood next to her. Nobody thought that a unicorn would willingly agree to be a familiar and the members of the Council, with one exception, had not been warned in advance and were as surprised as the audience.
  "Is this your idea of a joke, Tyana?" asked Shaena.
  "No, Ma'am, Karim has agreed to become my familiar, and I promise before you all that I will give up my life before I will allow harm to befall her. We have the permission of her father, the herd stallion."
  "Please be patient for a moment, everyone."
  Shaena then took on the serene expression which all present recognised as indicating telepathic communication with a unicorn. Neither Shaena or Karim would ever repeat the conversation later, but, "As you say, she has agreed and has Zoltan's consent.
         "These two I now join, so let all heed,
          In future cut one and both shall bleed."
  As the ancient spell took hold Tyana found that she could look through Karim's eyes, feel the movement of her tail, and most amazing of all, hear in the background the thoughts of all present. She realised the love Karim felt for her and felt unworthy. Previously communing with Karim had been like having a conversation without speaking as Karim did all the work, but now when Karim spoke it was inside her head. There were literally two brains sharing two bodies. Neither would ever be lonely or without a friend again.
  << My dame told me that this union was necessary, Tyana, but I'm sure even she was unaware that we would bond so completely. I believe we should keep it secret for now. >>
  That experience had had the effect of maturing her far beyond her eight years and during the last ten she had become closer to Merlin than to any of her contemporaries. She especially enjoyed the trips to Abinger with him when Karim and her dame, Belle, provided both transport and companionship.
  She woke to find herself crying for the loss Darren, and she now knew, hundreds of others had suffered. What could she, at eighteen hope to achieve when Merlin, who all knew to be the most powerful man on Refuge, had as he admitted, failed to learn a single fact. 
  She eventually, with Karim's encouragement, pulled herself together enough to have breakfast, but it was with a very heavy heart that she started out for home as she was due to attend the meeting of Camelot Council that afternoon.
	
CLWYD, WALES 1990 (Earth Calendar)
  "I can't explain it, John, but I'm worried! I just want to get home to Glenn as soon as possible. Something's wrong!"
  John Standish glanced in exasperation at his wife Carol as he drove as quickly as safely possible through the winding lanes leading to their holiday home. He was about to make some smart comment when he remembered that whenever she had had one of her premonitions she had proved to be right, so instead he replied, "I'm sure Megan can handle any problem that occurs!"
  He believed it, too, he thought. One of the best things to happen since they had bought their second house, in Moss, had been the friendship that had developed between Megan's younger brother Thomas and their son Glenn. The boys, both six, had become inseparable over the last two weeks, and with Megan in the house with them what could go wrong that she could not handle?
  Only last week he had seen her at the scene of a road accident when she'd saved the life of a driver after the first ambulance man on the scene said he was dead.
  They turned the last corner and saw their cottage, the centre one of a terrace of five, and Carol screamed, "NO!"  The whole row was on fire, and from the flames it looked as though theirs was where it had started.   The village had no fire engine, but they could hear one coming with siren sounding. As John drew up as close as they were allowed they saw a small figure, obviously thrown, come through the open upstairs window to be caught by the village policeman. It was Glenn!
  After speaking to him, and obviously learning his friend's name, the constable shouted up, "Jump, Thomas! Glenn is alright.
  "Jump! and then Megan can follow."
  There was no answer, except for a shake of the head from a small figure at the window. He obviously wouldn't leave his sister.
  The firemen arrived, and within minutes the hoses had drenched downstairs and a fireman wearing Breathing Apparatus had entered and made his way up the smoke filled stairway.
  He appeared briefly at the open window and shook his head, which they thought meant that Megan and Thomas were dead. However, he did not come out with one of the bodies as one would expect.
  Instead he called over the senior officer who also donned B.A. and entered, emerging a few minutes later to come to where John and Carol had been allowed to sit with their son as he was being treated for smoke inhalation.
  "Just nod your head for 'Yes', and shake it slightly for 'No', Son. I don't want you to try to talk until the doctor says you can.
  "Do you understand?"
  Glenn nodded.
  "The policeman tells me that two people, Megan and Thomas, were inside and upstairs! Is that right?"
  Glenn nodded.
  The officer turned to the worried parents. "Can I have your names, please, Sir, Madam?"
  They gave them.
  "I have to tell you that we found no trace of Megan and Thomas. Is it possible that your son was alone?"
  "Not the slightest chance, Officer," replied John.
  "We saw Glenn thrown from the window that had to be by Megan, and then we saw Thomas refuse to jump. The police officer will say the same.
  "There must be someone in there! You just haven't found them!"
  "No, Sir! The building is definitely unoccupied. I can only assume they jumped from the rear window, which is missing completely."
  "There are no rear windows upstairs at the rear large enough to get through. Megan is no child! She's nearly eighteen!"
  "With respect, Sir, you're mistaken! We have both seen an opening about six feet by four. The frame and glass have gone, but it is definitely the right size to have been a window!"
  In spite of a thorough search when the building had cooled no trace was found of bodies, and no footprints were found in the rear garden. John and Carol Standish insisted that they had never before seen the opening in the rear wall.
	
CAMELOT, REFUGE, 1351 
  "Wake up, Megan! Wake up! I'm frightened!
  "Don't be dead!...................... Please don't be dead!"
  Megan managed to collect her thoughts and answer, "I'm not dead. Thomas! We'll be alright! What happened? Who got us out? Where are we? Do you know?"
  "No! That's why I'm frightened, and I couldn't wake you. I thought you were...."
  This time he couldn't say it, and she cuddled him whilst she looked around for some answers.
  The countryside was similar to that near her home in Moss, but with no houses in sight. She didn't recognise it and also it seemed to be mid-summer, yet when the fire started she had just with the boys' help cleared the garden of fallen leaves. It had been October.
  She was still thinking when she heard hoofbeats, looked behind and saw two cowboys riding towards them from the small town.
  'Now I know I'm dreaming!' she thought.
  "Hello there!" called one of the young men. 
  "Are you lost?"
  Megan didn't answer, but continued to cuddle Thomas.
  "Where are you from? We haven't seen either of you before." the other man asked.
  Megan still didn't answer but Thomas looked up and replied,     "We're from Moss, Mister. We were in a fire, and now we're here. Can you help us? My sister's frightened!"
  Then more quietly when Megan glared at him, "and so am I! We've no idea where this is or how we got here!"
  "We were taught in school," began one of them, "what to say if we found a stranger looking lost like you two are, but I never thought I'd get to say those things. We were both born here, but we know that from time to time people just turn up like you did, and all we can do is make you welcome. 
  "I'm going to follow the advice we were given at school.
  "First, names! Mine is Darryl Counter, and my brother here is Dustine. His friends call him Dusty. What do we call you?"
  Thinking there could be no harm as it was a dream anyway Megan answered, "Megan and Thomas Williams!"
  "Well Megan, suppose you ride behind one of us, and Thomas behind the other, and let us take you to our father's ranch for a meal, and whilst we go we'll tell you what we're supposed to say!"
  Megan found herself swung behind Dusty on to the back of a large jet black stallion, whilst Thomas was placed behind Darryl, whose horse was Chestnut in colour. They set off at a gentle walk, as Darryl intended to give himself plenty of time for what he had to say. He hoped Dusty would remember anything he forgot.
  "First of all, and hardest to accept until it's proved to you, but we were told to simply say it ...  You are no longer on Earth. Please just accept that for now, and the rest will follow."
  "What do you mean not.."
  "Please, Megan, just let me tell it like we were told to, and then I'll try to answer any questions afterwards. Alright?"
  "I suppose so!" but she thought that if it was her dream she should be able to say what happened in it.
  "Here, there are no machines, no elect...electr.."
  "Electricity," put in Dusty.
  "No petrol engines, or any of hundreds of things you are used to."
  "Everyone here, from the age of about eight onwards, can make things happen just by thinking about it. "In other words, they use magic."
  Darryl paused to let that sink in, then continued as he had been taught to, "I suppose you want a demonstration before you will believe me?"
  "Yes, please, Mister Darryl!" replied Thomas.
  "Just Darryl will do! Do you like ice cream, Thomas?"
  "Yes! My favourite's chocolate."
  "And how about you, Megan?
  "No thank you! But I would like a drink, if you're thinking of producing things out of thin air. Orange Juice, please!"
  She smiled as she said it, expecting excuses, but she could think of no answer when Dusty handed her a glass of ice cold juice, and Thomas had his ice cream.
  She sipped it thoughtfully whilst Darryl continued, "Not out of thin air! Both of those items are readily available in Camelot, and it's only a mile from here!
  "You carry on for a bit, Dusty, whilst I have a drink, please!"
  Darryl produced two of what looked like beers and gave one to his brother, who took up the explanation,
  "They told us that the hardest part for anyone to accept is the idea of familiars.
  "We have tests of magical ability here, Bronze, Silver, Gold, and White. Anyone who passes Bronze has enough ability to bond with a familiar, which in turn doubles their power.
  "We both chose horses. Mine is Ebony here, and Darryl's is Timber. You notice we have no reins or any other aids. We don't need them as we can talk to them telepathically, and here is the really hard part - - they are as intelligent as we are, and they will live as long!"
  "I like it here, Megan! Can we stay? Can I have a f'milya?"
  Megan decided to play along with the game, "Not until you're eight, Thomas. That is what you said, is it not, Darryl?"
  "No. I said that children usually had some power by eight. There has only ever been one Bronze that young, and that was our sister Tyana. You need to be Bronze to get a familiar. Dusty and I were each over eleven when we managed it. I was almost twelve!"
  They travelled in silence for a while, then Thomas asked,   
  "What sort of magician are you, Darryl?"
  "We don't call ourselves magicians, Thomas.
  "We use the word 'witch' for both men and women. Both Dusty and I are Silver."
  Megan's curiosity was aroused and she asked, "What's the difference between Bronze and Silver?"
  "You get to be Silver by beating two Bronzes in contest. If I could beat two Silvers I would become Gold, like Tyana and our parents. If Tyana beats two Golds she would be White, the highest of all and would get an automatic place on the ruling Council.
  "I think she could do it easily, but she doesn't seem to want to."
  The ride continued in silence. Darryl had done as he had been taught, given a simple demonstration, and now his orders had been to let the newcomers get used to the idea. The trip took another ten minutes, even at the gentle canter they used. Megan found it comforting to hold Dusty's waist, lay her head against his broad shoulders, look around at the countryside and smell the mixture of healthy young man and horse.
  At the ranch house, the boys' mother Lindsey and father Hondo both seemed as friendly as Dusty and Darryl were, and after organising a bath and meal, both of which were very welcome, Megan heard her say to Darryl,
  "Belle was visiting and I've asked her to notify Merlin and the Council, so you can regard your work as finished, and very well done."
  Watching Darryl and Dusty work around the ranch during the morning, Megan realised they hadn't exaggerated. They really didn't use machinery, and she gasped when she saw a bale of straw weighing at least a hundredweight come across the yard, enter a stable, and break itself open to cover the floor which she realised was clean, though a moment earlier it had been soiled. Lyndsey laughed as she came up. "Megan, if you think that's impressive, just wait until you meet their sister! They had to work together to move that, whilst she can move a lot more on her own. She'll be home tomorrow from an errand for the World President.
  "Have you really never seen anything like that before? Or done it yourself?"
  "No! Never! Where I come from it would be called 'Magic'. Why do you ask?"
  "We call it magic here, too, but I promise you the people who brought you here aren't usually wrong. They must have had some reason for choosing you. Have you really never done anything that could be called 'Magic'?"
  Megan almost laughed, but bearing in mind what she'd already seen decided that Lyndsey was being serious and in this dream world magic was possible. If only she could stay asleep forever.
  Lyndsey continued, "Or perhaps Thomas has done something to attract attention?"
  Megan thought of the time a couple of weeks ago when Thomas had insisted that the fire in his classroom had not been his fault, though he'd been left alone in it and thus got the blame anyway, but she didn't think that was the sort of attention Lyndsey meant.
  Lyndsey tried another approach. "It's never before been known for the Old Ones to split up a family. Are your parents alive?"
  "The Old Ones? Who are they?"
  "It's what we call those who we believe brought you. Now, your parents?"
  "They both died in a fire last year. Almost like we nearly did!"
  Suddenly Megan realised why she may have been brought to this strange world. "My mother was well known as a Faith Healer. She was even called a witch at times. I've inherited some of her ability. You may find it hard to believe but people and animals just get better if I want them to."
  "Oh, I don't find it at all hard to believe, Megan. We have healers here, too. In fact they're all we do have if we're hurt or sick, and we can never have too many of them."
  Dusty and Darryl, having finished mucking out the stables were given the rest of the day off by Hondo to show Megan and Thomas around.
	
CAMELOT COUNCIL CHAMBER
  It was the turn of Camelot to host the seven yearly Assembly of Council leaders, and Merlin, presiding, was far from pleased.
  "Does anyone happen to know where the representatives of New Salem and Kissimmee are?" he asked.  "They showed little interest at our last meeting, but at least they were here!"
  
  << What do you think, Archimedes, my old friend? >> he mentally asked his familiar, a tawny owl perched on the back of his chair. << Should we wait a
 while? >>
  << No, they’d be here by now if they were coming, and we've got more important things to worry about! >>
  Merlin glanced at the gavel in front of him and the sound of it banging twice called the meeting to order. He then turned to the lady on his right, representing Drogheda.
  "Michaela, as one of those with a horse as familiar, will you please ask her to confirm that there are no late arrivals?"
  << Sheelagh, Darling, is anyone else coming? >>
  << Sorry, Michaela, but the only people I can see are residents. >>
  "No, Merlin, all who are coming are here.  As there's no agenda, I assume we're to discuss only one thing?"
  "You're quite right.  The one and only item is the consideration of the losses of magic powers which are still occurring.
  "Karilla from Newport has asked to speak first."
  Karilla's familiar, as one might expect from a town of fisherfolk was a gull, Penn, but she seemed content even though hundreds of miles from her home. She removed her head from beneath her wing long enough to encourage Karilla with eye contact and returned to her rest position.
  "Four months ago my nephew Simon visited and I asked him to help unload one of our boats. After the first few items he realised he'd lost the ability we all take for granted, and I found him sobbing, and whispering, 'Why me?  Why me?'"
  Her voice was reduced to a whisper itself and she had to take a drink and dab her eyes. Michaela put an arm around her and continued, "Even though her husband Rix was one of the first victims she couldn't give him an answer. Last month, Simon killed himself." 
  Michaela allowed a pause before she went on, "Simon never got over it, and became the fifth of Newport's teenagers to die rather than be a burden on their families, for no matter what anyone says to them, that's how they see themselves.
  "I tell all of you this to stress how serious the problem is. We've lost three in my town as well! I've been making my own enquiries and can tell you that every six months, somewhere on Refuge several people, mostly teenagers, lose their magic powers. Assuming the pattern continues the next victims will be in Camelot, Midwitch, and Argentcourt."
  Karilla resumed, "Thank you, Michaela!
  "I know that I'm the youngest member here and this is my maiden speech, but I demand to know is - - -   "What is being done about it?"
  "Thank you, Karilla. I'm very sorry to have to say that I've heard many similar tales of lives ruined or lost," said Merlin. "What I want to know is Who? How? and Why? Has anyone any suggestions?"
  Apart from a few whispers there was silence, so Merlin continued, "I have, myself, been working on these questions for ten years now, full time for the last six. All that I can say for certain is that there has not been a single case of Bronze or higher being affected."
  The discussion that followed went on for over two hours, but no one could add more information to what Merlin and Karilla had said, except to give more examples, and to talk of the increasing difficulty in avoiding panic when their own town's turn came.
  The last to speak was Shaena, head of Camelot council.
  "I suggest a fresh approach and propose that Merlin be asked to appoint one or more young Whites to work full time to try to answer his questions - Who? How? and Why?"
  It was quickly agreed that this should be done, and that as Camelot had only a month before the next expected losses, Shaena and her council should give Merlin any assistance he wanted.
  The next morning the full Camelot Council met with Francoise to represent Argentcourt, and Anghared, Midwitch. Shaena had the chair and called on Merlin to explain what he had in mind.
  "I simply believe," Merlin began, "that this problem will not be solved by any one of us. We're little wiser now than we were ten years ago when it all started. Perhaps a younger person working full time will make more progress.
  "I anticipated yesterday's decision and last week I sent Tyana Counter to visit Argentcourt and Midwitch to speak with the people in the towns and judge how worried they are.  She's due to report here at two thirty this afternoon and I ask that you listen to what she has to say before judging my choice."
  "But she's only a Gold!" 
  The speaker was Mattra, a recent arrival in Camelot but as a White, automatically allowed in to Council meetings.
"I've followed her development as if she were my own daughter," said Shaena. "The youngest Bronze in history at eight, Silver at ten, Gold on her thirteenth birthday, and still with the only unicorn familiar on the world. Does anyone here really believe that she couldn't qualify White whenever she chooses?
  "In fact she'll have to since she's accepted this assignment. I don't want her to have to prove herself wherever she goes!
  "Have you considered that, Merlin?"
  "I've already called for volunteers to be tested tomorrow as next week's session is a busy one. If we start at ten in the morning, there should be a good selection of Golds for her to challenge by mid-day."
  "Council will meet again at two this afternoon." 
  With that Shaena brought the meeting to a close.
	CHAPTER TWO

  The subject of the morning's discussion rode into Camelot just after two and stopped outside the Council Chamber. Leaving Karim, her best friend and familiar, outside to gather her usual collection of admiring children, Tyana strode into the meeting room and looked around. They were all present, five Whites, seven Golds, and two she did not recognise. 
  She was glad to have taken out the time after her forty mile ride to visit home, shower, and change into a Gold trouser suit with matching shoes and gloves. Her favourite brooch, a unicorn in sapphires to match her eyes, adorned her left breast, and for once her long black hair was groomed to perfection. She hoped she would sound as confident as she looked.
  Shaena greeted her as she entered. "Welcome back, Tyana. Please make yourself comfortable for a few minutes and then we'll receive your report."
  At first Tyana listened to the debate which was about two new arrivals from Earth, then she watched Shaena, hoping that when she was entering her fifth decade she would look half as attractive.
  They were the same height at five feet eight inches, and both looked and moved like athletes. Even the hair colour was identical. If Shaena's eyes had been blue instead of black they could have been relatives. 
  With an effort she dragged her thoughts back to the reason for her presence - to report on her trip made to the neighbouring towns and realised that Merlin was now speaking.
  ".....and since they were both so distressed I allowed the boys to keep them at the ranch to get used to being here.
  "Now, Tyana! I'm sorry to keep you waiting. What have you learnt?"
  Tyana stood and waited till the muttering died down, then spoke.
  "In both Midwitch and Argentcourt there are more rumours circulating than here in Camelot. The people are afraid and those who didn't know me were very wary, even though Karim was with me. Although you didn't ask me to, I looked for anyone who was benefitting from the losses. I'm sure that the person or persons we want are not in Camelot, Argentcourt, or Midwitch. 
  "I spoke with the first victim, my old friend Darren as you suggested, but he was too upset to say much. I'll follow it up when he visits his old home in a couple of days.
  "With your permission I'd like to visit all the other towns on Refuge. Someone, somewhere must be benefitting from what's happening!"
  "Does anyone wish to comment?" asked Shaena.
  Mattra rose to her feet with her Koala, Koresh, cuddling her.
  "Is it not time for someone with more experience to take over? I'll accept that Tyana's report is probably accurate as far as it goes, but I for one would be happier with an experienced White Witch in charge!"
  Several voices were raised in support and without really knowing why Tyana tried to identify them.
  Archimedes screeched to get attention. Merlin, who like his illustrious ancestor spoke only when he had something important to say, made one of his rare speeches.
  "The girl goes! 
  "Tyana and Karim are a unique pair. Between them they will have a better chance of solving the mystery than any of us. The matter of her being only Gold was discussed and dealt with this morning, as I'm quite sure you remember."
  As always when Merlin spoke there was instant silence. Tyana had often wondered whether he dressed like the pictures of the original Merlin from the days of King Arthur just for effect, or whether he simply liked the long flowing robes and pointed hat.
  At only five feet, and maybe seven stones he was the smallest present yet received the greatest respect.
  "I'll go further and say that if they can't solve it, then probably none of us can." The speaker was Shaena.
  "Any other business?
  "No? Then I declare the meeting closed and ask as many of you as possible to attend the qualifying session tomorrow. 
  "Tyana, please stay behind and ask Karim if she will kindly join us."
  Tyana had to think quickly, for she had been en rapport with Karim throughout ..... was this the time to admit it? She still didn't know why she had the feeling that their true ability should be kept secret, but that was one reason she had not applied for promotion to White.
  "Cast your mind back to when Darren found that he couldn't even move a book. He was only the first of six cases that year, and not only children were affected. We had two in Camelot, there were three in Argentcourt, and one in Midwitch. There were no more for another two years and so naturally we put it down to a virus as the healers suggested when they were unable to cure it, but then there were another twelve. You must remember that three quarters of the population never reach Bronze standard, so the immunity of Bronzes, Silvers, Golds, and Whites, whilst it may lead to a solution eventually is of no help to the majority now.
  "It was only when the third group, this time sixteen happened two years later that the three of us, Qamar, Merlin, and myself realised that there was only one explanation. Someone, somehow, was causing the losses of power deliberately. We had been under attack for four years without even knowing."
  Shaena was almost in tears, and Merlin took up the tale.
  "There have been an increasing number of cases every two years in this part of the country.
  "At the last General Assembly of Council Leaders seven years ago we discovered that the same thing is happening throughout the land. Now the people are realising it, hence the rumours and possibility of panic. It was only when we added together the numbers in towns in each district that we saw the pattern.
  "We desperately need to know the answers to three questions, and your looking for who stood to gain was a good idea. Put simply we want you to try to find Who? How? and Why?
  "You will need the authority of a White, though, so that can't be put off any longer. As you know, the normal tests are due to take place next week, but this can't wait until then. I have arranged it so that you can qualify White tomorrow at noon. Please be outside the walls of Camelot in the usual place.
  "If the pattern continues then in only one month's time another group of twenty or more will be denuded of their powers in Camelot alone, and about the same in each of the other two towns.  The numbers are increasing each time. We must have you qualified tomorrow!"
  Shaena had recovered enough to follow this conversation and took up the control she had relinquished, saying,
  "Tomorrow then, at noon, and I'll ask Anghared and Francoise to delay their return to Midwitch and Argentcourt and attend with their husbands as witnesses.
  "Qamar, perhaps you'd kindly invite Mattra and another of those who spoke against Tyana to represent Camelot."
  Realising that no argument would sway the three magi from their decision, Tyana excused herself and rode Karim slowly towards her father's ranch on a hill overlooking Camelot.
  Although in the shape of a castle, Tyana's home was a working ranch, supplying Camelot with milk, meat, and many other products for which the raw material was the thousand head of Texas Longhorn cattle Hondo Counter preferred to keep rather than a more modern breed.
  << Well, Karim, it looks as though our time of just having fun is over. We have a job to do, but first I have to qualify White. Or rather we have! Do you still feel we should keep quiet about our pairing so completely? >>
  << Yes, I do. We have no idea whether whoever is causing the trouble has friends in Camelot. We should trust only Merlin, Shaena, and Qamar. If we need further help, then we'll get it from the family or herd. >>
  Karim walked slowly the five miles home. It was a beautiful summer afternoon and normally both Tyana and Karim would have enjoyed looking around and revelling in being part of Camelot. Had Karim not reminded her of her manners Tyana would have ignored Nasom as he inspected the wall of the town, renewing the occasional stone which he considered worn. It was strange, thought Tyana, that even after over a thousand years of magic they still had to rely on inspections. Magic could be used to replace a stone but not to make one everlasting. It was the same with food. It could be conjured to hand, but it had to come from somewhere. Material still had to be woven, bread still had to be baked, vegetables grown, feed animals slaughtered.
  "Mistress Tyana," he called. "Can you spare a minute?"
  "For you, Nasom, I can spare an hour if you need it," replied Tyana. "What can I do for you?"
  "The rain has washed away some of the supporting earth of the foundation at the corner nearest us. What's needed is a new trench dug and about five of those boulders dropped in to prevent further erosion. Do you think you could ask Shaena to organise a work party for me?"
  << Tyana, we could do it ourselves! >>
  << Surely not, >> replied Tyana. << I've never handled more than the weight of two people before. >>
  << My dame said that working together the limit of what we can move would be difficult to find. I was inhibited by my sire from showing our true power until you were Gold, and then only when what he called 'the right time' came. With that contest tomorrow, I think this is the right time. >>
  "Nasom," asked Tyana, "we'd like to try an experiment, but if it works you must keep it to yourself until after tomorrow afternoon."
  "What do you want to try? There must be no risk to the wall if it goes wrong."
  Tyana looked to where a pile of several hundred boulders lay a hundred yards from the wall next to some scrub-land.
  << Let's try a trench there, Karim, putting the earth in a mound to the right, and six of the boulders into the trench before the sides collapse, and we'll see if you're
right. >>
  Tyana felt Karim merge as she had when they were annexed and realised that she now had at her disposal the awesome telekinetic power of Karim's brain, and since this was proportional to body weight it seemed likely that Karim's dame had been right. She also realised that keeping their strength secret as demanded by Karim would prove useful to say the least.
  << Don't you mind me being given the credit if we manage what we're about to try to do? >> asked Tyana.
  << Not in the least. Do you still not realise that we two are one? Credit for you is credit for me. If they don't realise it, why should we care? >>
  Tyana/Karim concentrated on six of the pile of boulders, getting the mental feel of the granite. Then they looked at where the trench was to be, sensing the make-up of the soil and rocks. They each knew without conversation when the other was ready and Nasom got the shock of his long life. Suddenly there was a trench four yards by one and five feet deep with the spoil in a mound forty yards away from it.
  Nasom had just registered these facts when he heard a thunderclap as air rushed in to where six boulders had been. They were now in the trench.
  "Check those please, Nasom," said Tyana, "and if you approve, we'll repeat the exercise where you want the reinforcement done."
  Nasom slowly walked over to the new trench full of granite. 
  "If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I would never have believed it!"  he said. "Are you really only a Gold? Can a White do even more than this if they cared to make the effort? If so, I think it's very unfair that I've spent thirty years renewing stones one at a time, when any of them could have done the whole wall at once."
  Tyana had to think quickly.
  "Not so fast, Nasom. Firstly, as far as I know what you just saw has never been tried before. I have never seen any White move more than twice their own weight, and even then they don't always keep fine control. Secondly, I must remind you that I want this ability kept secret until after noon tomorrow, and thirdly, there's much more to your job than moving large weights of granite around. Only you know exactly what's needed and where it should be fitted.  Now, please concentrate on what you'd like done, don't use words, just visualise exactly where you wish us to put the trench and which rocks you would prefer in it, and Karim will relay it to me."
  After that it was a bit of an anticlimax. One more thunderclap as air rushed into the trench where the six boulders had been and the job was done.
  "I hope you didn't mind me using six, Your Highness," said Nasom. "I didn't have the nerve to ask for that many at first."
  Tyana found she was blushing.
  "What I do object to is the title. I'm just plain Tyana, and always will be."
  "No, Ma'am," replied Nasom. "Whatever else you may be, the word plain is just not appropriate. Once again I thank you. I can't imagine how, but if you ever need a favour from me you only have to ask."
  As soon as they had turned their backs to continue the walk home, Tyana found she could control her curiosity no longer.
  "It's time you told me all you know, Karim. I've never connected them all before, but there have been many references over the years, such as 'My dame told me the union was necessary' when we were annexed. Just how much have you been keeping from me?"
  << As you know, my dame, Belle, has always made herself available whenever Merlin needed transport. He often found that discussing problems with her both passed the time whilst travelling, and helped him resolve them. You know he's never taken a wife, well the bond between him and my dame could not be greater if they were so joined. She has only told me what she thought I needed to know. When you were very young, Merlin recognised the exceptional power you had and when you and I became friends he asked my dame to encourage it. He felt that our way of life was threatened without knowing exactly how and reasoned that we may need you one day. He had already noticed that Whites with more intelligent familiars had the most control, whilst those with the largest appeared to have the greatest power. It seemed to him that a combination of a unicorn's intelligence, and telepathic ability, backed up by almost a ton in weight, and a Witch of your inherent ability would be useful to say the least. 
  << May I just say that when they asked me to consider annexation to you I had already hoped you would ask, and I've never regretted it for a moment.
  << Please don't cry. >>
  Tyana felt even happier at hearing these thoughts than she had when originally annexed.
  << You know why I'm crying, Karim my dearest, I only hope I will be worthy of the faith Belle and Merlin have in me. >>
  Each was lost in private thought as Karim trotted the remaining four miles home. For once she did not even inspect the cattle roaming the plains near home and hoped her father would not ask any questions about them.
  Any ideas Tyana had of avoiding questions from the family vanished when she saw her two brothers walking towards her each with an arm round the waist of the pretty girl between them. It was obvious that she was being given no option but to come with them to greet Karim and herself.
  Dustine, older than Tyana by three years, fair haired and always smiling, looked a typical ranch hand from head to toe. A tartan shirt with open neck and bandanna covered his heavily built upper half, tapering to a narrow waist and denim jeans and leather boots. All that was missing were spurs. With horses as familiars neither of the brothers would ever need them.
  Darryl was a year younger than Dusty, and at six feet tall was one inch shorter but no lighter. Like Dusty, he was usually to be found in the saddle.
  Obviously this was a very special girl to get both of them walking. Dusty spoke first. "Hi, Sis, welcome home, come and meet Megan, fresh in from Wales."
  "Wales? I don't think I know it."
  Darryl took pity on her, saying, "He's teasing you. Megan does come from Wales - Wales not far from the original Camelot on Earth. We found her with her brother Thomas yesterday morning just outside our Camelot, and brought her home. Before you say it, yes, we have sent word to Merlin and he has given permission for the usual week's rest before meeting the Council."
  Tyana realised this must have been what had been under discussion whilst she was reminiscing and looked more closely at Megan. She was about seventeen, five feet tall, hair as black as Tyana's own, and with a figure guaranteed to keep Dusty and Darryl within viewing distance.
  "Hello, Megan. Thank you for coming out to meet us, not that it looks as though you had much choice."
  There was no answer.
  << Karim, what's wrong with her? She looked happy until I spoke, but now she's in distress. >>
  << She's trying to speak but she's in a state of panic. It's not you speaking that caused it though, it was seeing me close up and realising that I'm not a horse. >>
  Suddenly Megan collapsed and would have fallen if not supported by Darryl and Dusty. Tyana was issuing orders almost before her brothers had realised there was a problem.
  "Carry her back to the house, Darryl.
  "Dusty, you support her head. Which is her room? I'll go ahead and warn Mother."
  As soon as she had that information, Karim galloped the hundred yards or so to the ranch house, calling ahead to appraise Lindsey Counter of the situation and have the doors open ready.
  Megan was soon resting on Lindsey's own bed, that being the most accessible, and the men were being ushered out, very much under protest. To give them something to do, Lindsey called after them, "Find Thomas - I believe he's out in the livery stable with some of the hands and keep him occupied for a while. The poor child has enough to worry about without this."
  "What do you know about her, Mother?" asked Tyana. "I had only just met her when she fainted, and all I know is that she comes from Wales on Earth. How did she get here?"
"How did any of our ancestors get here? This is the first time you've had the chance to meet one, but people just turn up from time to time. Surely you remember that from school? All we know is what they can tell us, and usually it's not much. Their lives were almost always in danger. Sometimes a complete family will arrive when one of them was about to be killed.
  "Your brothers found Megan and Thomas near Camelot. Thomas was crying, and they obviously needed help so they rode double and brought them here. Thomas is only six and just accepts that he is here. As long as he's with Megan he'd be happy anywhere.
  "She's the only family he has as their parents were killed in a fire last year. Megan was able to tell us that she was looking after him and an English child in a cottage owned by the other boy's parents when they found the place on fire, together with the cottages either side. It was obviously no accident and the last Megan remembers is being trapped upstairs by the flames, seeing Thomas refuse to jump and leave her when she was overcome by smoke and collapsed on to the floor.
  "Her next memory is waking by the side of the road near where Darryl and Dustine saw them. From what she said earlier, and I didn't really take it in then, she thought all this was just a dream and she expected to wake and find herself in a hospital. Possibly realising that Karim was a unicorn made her accept that she was here, and it was suddenly too much for her. I think she'll be alright when she's rested. - - Look!"
  As if on cue, Megan began to stir, turned her head towards Tyana and said, "So, it's all true. We weren't burned and we really are on a ranch just outside Camelot. Was the rest of what Dusty told me correct as well? Is your mother really a witch? Are you? Was that lovely animal really a unicorn? Please help me understand." she pleaded, fighting back the tears as the reality threatened to overwhelm her again.
  Tyana noted the use of Dusty and smiled to herself, then placed a comforting hand on Megan's and told her,  "I can answer some of your questions, and after you've had a few more days to get used to being here you'll meet some kind people who can answer most of the others. What none of us can do is explain how you got here.”
  "Yes, what Dusty told you is essentially correct, but it sounds as though he gave the impression that only the women-folk can use magic."
  "No! He showed me some himself and told us about Bronze, Silver, and so on, but will you run through it again, please?"
  "Everyone living on Refuge as we call it has the ability. Some are more powerful than others and are respected because of it. There is a grading system through Bronze, Silver, and Gold to White.
  "Eventually you'll have the opportunity to be tested, as will Thomas, but it's not compulsory. My parents are both Gold, as I am, and my brothers are Silver. Anyone Bronze or over is paired with an animal familiar. All my family chose horses, but I have my lovely Karim, and I warn you she has another surprise for you. Would you like to meet her?"
  "Yes, please. I think she's the most beautiful creature I've ever seen."
  << Karim, are you able to come in? >>
  << Of course, I'm as worried as any of you. I would very much like to get to know Megan, but I think I'd better not speak from here or she might faint again. Meet me in the hall. >> 
  "Let's go downstairs then, Megan, I think you're recovered enough now."
  Megan allowed herself to be walked slowly down the curving staircase to where Karim waited.
  "Scratch her behind the ear, Megan. She loves that," called Lindsey, and Megan reached up to comply.
  << Not that ear, the other one, please, Megan. >>
  Megan snatched her hand away as if it had been burned and turned to Tyana. "You might have warned me!"
  Then she turned to Karim and looked into her eyes, saying, "And you have a sense of humour as well. I hope we can be friends, Karim."
  << Of course we can. I still have the saddle on, mount up and we'll find Thomas and surprise him. It's time he came in for dinner anyway. >>
  By this simple action Karim removed the last fears Megan had about what the future held for her and her brother. She had accepted that she was on Refuge, and, thought Tyana, may well become a close friend or even sister-in-law if her relationship with Dusty continued to develop as it appeared to have started.
  Over dinner Megan told the family what she could remember of life on Earth. Like her mother, she had the power of healing and was always in demand when children or animals were hurt.
  She could remember several times when her mother had been branded a witch when she had saved someone's life. She had even wondered if the fire that killed her father and mother had been started deliberately. It was certain that the one that had nearly killed her and Thomas was no accident, but whether the target had been herself or the holiday cottage of the English couple she couldn't be sure.
  A lot of what she told made no sense to Tyana at all. Tales of petrol engines, electricity, radio and television, and the general concept of using tools and machines to do what could be accomplished with a thought made no sense at all to her.
  Even the use of electric lights seemed strange.
  She said as much, then followed with, "Why not sleep when it's dark and wake when there's light?"
  Hondo explained.
  "If everyone was to become like your friend Darren how would we till the ground to grow crops? Certainly not by hand - it would take too long. How would we weave cloth if there was no magic? If there weren't enough horses to pull the carts how would we move goods to where they were needed?. You must remember also that whilst the total population of Refuge is about 50,000 the population of Earth is what, Megan?"
  "Several thousand millions, I think it's about six, and almost all are just like Dusty explained Darren is. Now, may I ask a question, please?
  "What do you do for entertainment with no radio or television?"
  Again it was Hondo who answered.
  "There's so much to do that we've very little time for entertainment, but when we do relax we play all the games you are used to. Everyone here prefers to play, and you will only find people watching if the players are friends of theirs, or if there is a knock-out competition, in which case it's considered bad manners not to watch to the end.  "Everyone on Refuge seems to have musical talent of some sort, and it seems to go with magical abilities. Poetry and acting are also very popular. Do you play an instrument, Megan?"
  "Yes, Sir, but there's not much chance of there being one here and I was certainly in no position to bring mine with me. My favourite is a harp, but I'm also fairly good on a guitar."
  Hondo looked pointedly at Tyana and said, "Nothing's impossible here on Refuge. I'm sure we'll find one or the other for you. I play piano and my wife violin. Believe it or not Dustine is an excellent drummer, Darryl plays violin or viola.  Tyana's another pianist but she's also a pretty good soprano."
  "Have you started learning an instrument yet, Thomas?" asked Dusty.
   "I've only had three lessons on piano so far, Sir. Are there any teachers here? I'd like to carry on if I can."
  Thomas answered many more questions and he turned out to be a delightful child who would have no trouble on Refuge, although his ability to light fires without touching them had already made him unpopular at school in Wales.
  His appetite reminded them all of Tyana's brothers at the same age, and nobody had any doubt that he would blend easily into his age group at school.
  Tyana had no wish to detract from Megan's first dinner at the ranch, so decided to keep her own news until breakfast next morning, and as soon as was politely possible, excused herself and retired to the West Tower which had been hers since her thirteenth birthday.
  It had been a gift from her father to acknowledge her Gold status, and had a luxury stable in its base which Karim used or didn't as she chose. This evening Karim climbed the spiral staircase and stood at the side of the bed. Just like horses, unicorns could sleep standing, and within a minute Tyana felt her go.
  She thought back to when she'd beaten two Bronzes to become Silver and later two Silvers to become Gold. The days before each of those qualifying sessions had been filled with last minute practising, unlike today. She had always believed that some day she would challenge two Golds but had expected to choose the time herself.
  Why was Mattra so against her? Could she be in league with whoever was causing the losses? The only previous occasion they had even spoken was the night she became Silver.
  Pettra, a new girl at the school who had just arrived from the North with her mother, Mattra, to live in Camelot, was one of her opponents and Rufus, the other. The first contest was Tyana's choice and she had picked what was at that time her favourite, table tennis without bats. She had slaughtered them, mainly because at Bronze level the cooperation demanded by two people 'porting one ball was such that the double team had no advantage. The final score was 21-3.
  For the next game Pettra had chosen a cannonball race. When this was used in Silver tests small cannonballs weighing sixteen pounds had to be moved up a slope of one in twenty a distance of fifty yards by mental will alone. At first, the double team had the advantage, then Tyana found she could draw more power and won easily. (She now realised where that power had come from.) There was no need for the third game.
  Pettra had become Silver six months later, and she and Tyana had become quite friendly for the remaining time in school.
  Defeating two Silvers to become Gold had been just as easy, but what of tomorrow? At least now she knew her strength when she combined with Karim. Perhaps she could use that. Would that be cheating? She was so mixed up.
  Still pondering she eventually drifted into a dreamless sleep sometime in the early hours of the morning.
	
  Megan found that for the second night running she couldn't sleep, and went to the kitchen hoping to find a drink. She thought she was being quiet, but suddenly all the candles in the room lit, and Dusty walked in carrying a length of timber, obviously as a weapon. He relaxed when he saw her, and apologised. "We're all pretty jumpy at the moment I'm afraid, Megan. There are some thieves expected, so when I heard the noise I thought the worst. Are you having trouble sleeping?"
  "How did you guess? Thomas is fine, though, he went off in about two minutes.
  "So much has happened in the last two days, I just can't stop thinking about it, and the fact that for the first day I thought I was dreaming! How silly can you get?"
  "I don't think it's silly. It was just your way of dealing with a crisis. If it was a dream you didn't have to worry. Now you've accepted that you're here, you just have to face it!
  "We're not so terrible when you get to know us, though!"
  "Terrible? I don't remember ever meeting so many friendly people in one day before. Is everyone on Refuge like your family? And why is it called 'Refuge'?"
  "You'll find that most, if not all, of the Bronzes, Silvers, Golds, and Whites are as friendly and helpful as possible. It must be something about being able to use what we call magic that makes them that way. I can't think of anyone I don't like, but Dad says there are a few to be wary of.
  "We were told at school that this world is called Refuge as that's what it is - a refuge for Earth's magical creatures, both witches and unicorns. How they got here is the next question, and that I can't answer. Now, is there anything else I can do for you?"
  Megan looked pensive, and murmured, "There is, but I think I should get to know you better first, before asking it."
  "You can ask me anything!"
  "No, I can't. But, Thank you for being so sweet, just like a big brother!"
  She kissed him on the cheek and went off to bed much happier.
	CHAPTER THREE

  Awake early next morning Tyana's first thought was for their guests and she said to Karim.   << Karim Dearest, as I'm sure you realised, Father expects me to provide Megan with a harp.
  << The time may come when we wish to learn what an enemy knows without him knowing, and I want you to try to get the information I need without Megan realising you're doing it. I think it's worth violating her privacy for the benefit she'll get, and we're going to have to re-think our ethical values anyway when dealing with those who would leave people how Darren was left. >>
  << I don't like it. We've only just met her and could lose her friendship. It's not worth the risk. >>
  << We can tell her afterwards if you wish. I guarantee she'll forgive us when she knows the reason. >>
  Karim agreed and located Megan, then gently nudged her thoughts to music, then to the harp, then to what a pity it was that she would never have one because of the intricate construction and before long they had all the information they needed. All the materials were readily available so it was with very little effort that Tyana conjured a tuned harp to the main hallway of the house just as though it had been delivered.
  Life on any farm or ranch revolved around the kitchen at meal times and this one was no exception. Whilst Karim grazed in her favourite paddock Tyana enjoyed the first breakfast she'd had with her parents for over a week.
  "Dad, do you mind very much if I leave again soon?" she asked when there was a gap in the conversation. "You know Merlin has asked me to help him? Well I'm going to need to visit all other towns and I may be away for a month.
  "Not only that, he and Shaena are determined that I become White today at noon."
  "I for one am not surprised," commented Hondo.  "You've been ready to make White for years now."
  Tyana went on, "I'm not so confident, but I'm not being given a choice. Merlin says that it's necessary, and as you know, one doesn't argue with him. I haven't any idea who my opponents will be as this has been arranged at very short notice."
  Hondo smiled reassuringly and laid his hand on hers as he answered, "Your mother and I have known since you were eight that ranching was not for you. We'll be there to support you, and your brothers will be too."
  "So will we, if we're allowed. I'd love to see one of the contests you've told me about," said Megan.
  Lindsey joined Hondo in holding Tyana's hands across the table and said, "We've often wondered what possible job Merlin could have been grooming you for and it looks as though we're finally going to find out. You realise he's the nearest to a ruler we have, don't you, Darling? He may be always in the background but take it from me; his word is law anywhere in this land. If you're able to talk about it, whatever it is, we're always ready to listen, but if you can't talk, we understand. It goes without saying that any help you need, just ask."
  "I can't think how, but that goes for us, too," said Megan.
  Tyana thought how lucky she was. Both her parents were Gold but magic had always been a tool to them. Even their familiars were aids to ranching; Trigger her father's seventeen hand stallion, and her mother's chestnut mare Lightning only one hand smaller. All they had ever wanted was for her to be happy and had never complained that whilst Darryl and Dustine, both Silver though older than Tyana, were only happy helping their father, she had always looked elsewhere for company.
  "I learned yesterday that Merlin asked Karim's dame, Belle, to encourage our friendship, and that in turn led to our being annexed. Did either of you know?"
  "We were as surprised as everyone else when you told us," answered her mother. "Why not ask Belle? - She was here the day before yesterday and I know she was returning to the herd. You have plenty of time before noon and it will give you something to do rather than getting more nervous."
  "Excuse me!" put in Megan, "Did you say Karim's mother, the unicorn’ was Belle?"
  "I did, and she is. Why?"
  "Just that when we arrived I remember you saying that Belle would give a message to Merlin. I assumed Belle was human. Sorry I interrupted, Tyana, you were answering your mother's suggestion that you visit her."
  "Yes, I think I will. I've had a couple of ideas I want to try out, and in the herd would be an ideal place."
  << Karim Dearest, Mother suggests a visit to your dame. Are you willing? >>
  << I'd love to. It may be a month before we get another chance. >>
  When the meal had ended everyone delayed leaving, tipped off by Karim, so that Megan was the first out into the hall.
  They didn't have long to wait. They heard a string plucked, then a chord, followed by a long series of arpeggios. She ran back to the dining room with tears running down her cheeks.
  Megan tried to speak, but couldn't manage it. Instead she just looked round to identify who to thank. Dusty pointed to his sister and pushed her forward to meet Megan and take her in her arms as she fought to control her emotions. Eventually Megan was able to say, still weeping freely and sobbing, "I had no idea just how much power you have, Tyana, ..... and all I can say is ..... Thank you!  It really is the most ..... wonderful present I've ever had and I'm still in a state of shock ..... not only that you could make it, but that you would take time out to do it when you have such an important day ahead of you."
  Dusty came forward to hug Megan, joined by Darryl, and Tyana was able to leave.
  Once in her tower she thought long about what to wear. It had to be something suitable for the ride, yet show respect to Belle and the herd stallion. Eventually she chose white jodhpurs and shirt, with a red riding jacket. The boots looked just like riding boots, but the feet and soles were of the softest leather as she had no use for stirrups. A gold dress and cloak with matching shoes she laid out on the bed, then at Karim's suggestion laid an identical outfit in white alongside.
  By the time she got outside Karim was wearing her gold leather lightweight saddle and looked impatient. << Someone's been busy. >>
  << Thank your mother. You know she's very proud of you - and so am I. >>
  Karim set off for the herd, going from walk to canter so smoothly that only the rhythm and speed of travel changed. With mind to mind contact good balance hardly started to describe the way Tyana rode.
  "We're going to have to cover hundreds, in fact thousands of miles and only have a month to do it. I'm going to try the first of my ideas now.
  "Please change to gallop, and I'll try to multiply the length of each stride by, say seven."
  The next ten miles were covered in five minutes, and Karim reported, << It was no more tiring than galloping normally, and a lot of fun! >>
  There was just one snag. Wind noise made normal conversation impossible.
  << We must show that trick to Dusty and Darryl. If a Silver can manage it they'll find many uses for it. >>
  Karim slowed to a walk then said, << I've been talking to my sire. The herd is just over the next rise. We have permission to join them. >>
  The sight of forty unicorns with colours ranging from white to black, red to blue, and with tails, manes, hooves, and horns always in a contrasting colour made Tyana pause to admire the herd.
  Zoltan, identical in colour to his daughter, except that his contrast was black, trotted over with Belle just behind him. Tyana dismounted and watched for a few minutes as the family went through their greeting ritual, then interrupted.
  "Forgive the intrusion please, Belle. May I call you Belle?"
  << Belle, or Mother, either will do. How can I help you? >>
  "Ten years ago Merlin asked you to encourage the friendship developing between Karim and myself. Yesterday Karim decided that it was time for me to learn of this. Have you any idea what Merlin was thinking of? Was he just being cautious, or did he even then suspect the trouble we now have?"
  << I only know that we were making a tour of Refuge. We had visited most towns, and many villages but it was only after he had spoken at length with the historians in Abinger that he made that request of me. Karim was obviously happier in your company than with the herd so with Zoltan's permission I agreed. He hasn't spoken of it since, so I'm sorry to say I'm no wiser. He has, however, only yesterday asked that I keep myself available to transport him if needed. >>
  "I'm very grateful for that permission. There's something I feel you've a right to know. Although everyone believes Karim to be my familiar, the true state is that we're equal partners. She was at least my equal in intelligence before we were partnered so since a normal familiar becomes equal to human what must she be now?
  "Changing the subject, if I may as we have only a little time, you know of course that hostile magic is ineffective against a unicorn. Has a unicorn ever tried to perform magic?"
  << Why should we think of it? I'm sure the answer is NO! >>
  "I'd like Karim to try. We would have tried in Camelot if I was sure she could do it but may we try here, please, preferably in the centre of the herd where we can't be observed? 
  "If successful it may prove useful in our task to come, especially if only we four know of it."
  Permission given Tyana, Karim, Belle, and Zoltan walked slowly to the centre of the herd.
  << What do you suggest? >> asked Karim.
  << How about a basket of oats for your mother? Just concentrate on what you want, and will it to happen, thinking NOW. >>
  Belle found herself looking at a small basket, woven of oats, which fell apart when she nuzzled it. Zoltan whinnied almost as though he was laughing, and Tyana was quick to defend Karim.
  "If it's so funny, let's see you conjure even one grain of oats. This is the first time in history that anyone other than one of the human magi has conjured anything at all, and I think she did well for a first attempt.
  << Where you went wrong, Darling, is you thought the words 'A basket of Oats' so that is what you got, a basket made of oats.
  << Try again, but this time visualise every detail. Think of the quality and quantity of grain and imagine the taste, then separately do the same for the container. >>
  Suddenly both Belle and Zoltan found feeding bags on their heads, filled with the most delicious oats they had ever tasted
  << Now then, Dame, and Sire, how's that for a beginner? >>
  They couldn't reply as their bags were over-filled and they were choking. Tyana took pity on them and made the necessary adjustments, including a quick release so that they could take them off when they had finished the treat their daughter had provided.
  It was time to take their leave and Tyana thanked Zoltan for his hospitality, apologised for her rudeness in defence of Karim, and walked off alone, thinking how lucky she was to count a unicorn herd amongst her friends.
  Soon she was joined by Karim, mounted her, then found to her joy that the seven times spell was still operating.
  << No, it isn't, I'm doing it myself, >> said Karim.
  << You're certainly a quick learner. I thank the Old Ones that you're on my side if we are under attack as Merlin said, and there is to be a battle. >>
  Tyana wondered again just who were the Old Ones referred to in the often used phrase? She must remember to ask Merlin. In fact there were going to be a lot of questions for Merlin to answer before she agreed to run any more errands for him.
  A glance at the sun told her it was eleven o'clock and time to prepare herself. Arriving home she found Dusty and Darryl eager to help and wanting to know how. She could hear Megan still playing her harp inside the house, but Thomas was alongside Dusty.
  "I'd be grateful, and so would Karim, if you'd put away the saddle and groom her for me whilst I shower and change. I know I could use magic, but she really enjoys the attention."
  "Won't you need the saddle?" asked Darryl.
  "No, I'm going to wear my ceremonial Gold, and I have an identical outfit in white laid out on the bed for a surprise later. I'll just use a blanket and ride side saddle as I want to draw attention away from Karim for the contest, and give the impression she is merely transport and familiar."
  Dustine, always the schemer, said, "If that's the idea, why not travel in the carriage and let Karim run alongside?"
  So it was that at five minutes before noon a Golden Coach given to her parents on their last anniversary by Tyana, drawn by four matching greys, pulled up to the stage erected overnight. Karim trotted alongside with Thomas on her back as a special treat and 'thank you' for helping to groom her.
  Tyana emerged, helped down by her father purely for effect, and approached the waiting panel, trying to ignore the lump in her throat and butterflies in her stomach. Her parents, brothers and Megan collected Thomas then joined the waiting audience.
  It seemed that Nasom had spread the word that something was to happen at noon as a few people were just arriving, adding to those who'd been watching since ten.
 The table was semicircular, and from left to right were seated Mattra and a stranger who Tyana recognised as another of the dissenters from yesterday, Ricardo and Francoise from Argentcourt, then Shaena, Merlin, Qamar, Dafydd and Anghared, the last two representing Midwitch. The nine familiars were each behind their respective partner.
  Shaena glanced at a large gong at the rear of the stage and it sounded, bringing the gathering to order. She rose to her feet and her jet black eyes seemed to Tyana to be peering into her soul. Then came the formal wording, used for centuries,
  "Tyana Counter, thou art present here today before authorised representatives to challenge for promotion from Gold to White. Hast thou objection to the panel of judges before you?"
  "No, Ma'am."
  "Are you willing to accept their choice of opponents?"
  "Yes, Ma'am."
  "It is my duty to advise you that there have been no successful promotions to Gold this morning, and that all Golds present are either of your family or close friends and thus disqualified."
  At this conversations started all around the audience and Shaena had to sound the gong repeatedly to get silence so that she could continue.
  "We consider it essential that you are not denied the opportunity to be promoted today, and ask that you challenge any two of the panel of judges."
  << Merlin has just told me he feels that this can't wait until next week. We must leave tomorrow or the next day. >>
  The conversations started again but this time Shaena allowed them to continue to give Tyana time to think.
  If she challenged either of the visiting leaders or their partners and won it would look like the soft option. She believed Shaena to be the most powerful on the panel, so said,
  "I challenge Merlin and Qamar!"
  "So noted! Take your places, please!"
  Qamar and Merlin left their seats and moved to the side of the stage opposite Tyana. They were joined by Storm and Archimedes on perches conjured to their sides. Seeing this, Karim quietly walked over to Tyana.
  The gong sounded again and Shaena addressed Tyana.
  "The first choice is yours, what is it to be?"
  "A question first, if I may. What is the current record for the distant lighting of a torch by a White?"
  "One hundred and seventy five yards, and if you are thinking of that as a contest I must warn you that Merlin is the holder."
  "Nevertheless," replied Tyana, "that is what I choose. Let two rows of torches be set at five yard intervals from one hundred and seventy five. I've done more than that when practising, and if nothing else today, I'll have the record."
  It took only seconds to arrange the rows of torches with so many magi there. Before the contest began Shaena had one more announcement.
  "I remind all that the witnesses are honour bound to watch for outside interference. There will always be some feed-back from the familiars so they are to remain next to the participants. You may begin."
  Immediately the first of the Merlin and Qamar row lit, followed quickly by the next five. A murmur ran round the crowd as the opinion was voiced that Tyana was beaten before she even started. The seventh torch finally spluttered into life, and one could see from the expressions on Merlin's and Qamar's faces that that was their limit.
  "A new pairs record at two hundred and five yards," announced Shaena.
  All eyes were now on Tyana. "Remove the first seven, please," she said, and it was done. At once the eighth and ninth lit.
  Although she should remain impartial, one could detect the pleasure in Shaena's voice as she announced, "New solo record at two hundred and fifteen yards, and first round to Tyana."
  "What is your pleasure, Gentlemen?" asked Tyana.
  "I can still remember ten years ago when you easily won a no-bat table tennis game. I think you may find it harder against Qamar and me. That is our choice."
  After Merlin's announcement, Shaena took the time to clarify the rules for those watching whilst the table was being set up centre stage.
  "The ball will appear to change colour as it bounces after crossing the net. Players may only influence the ball when it is of their colour, gold for Tyana, and white for her opponents. I will umpire and change the colours. Failure to release control as the ball crosses the net will cause that point to be forfeit.
  "Likewise taking control before the colour changes on the bounce will also cost you the point.
  "Tyana to serve as the challenged in this game. Play!"
  Tyana tossed the ball vertically by hand, then just after it had hit the table sent it low over the net down the centre, releasing control as soon as she had it on course. Instead of being a winner as it had been against Pettra and Rufus she found the ball returned fast to her right corner, just clipping the edge of the table and all she could try was a lob. This missed. 0-1
  The second serve she sent across the table, corner to corner. It came back fast down the side, and as soon as it bounced Tyana drove it back along the same path, or rather tried to. When she 'grabbed' for the ball it just wasn't there, and she watched helplessly as it went off at about 70o and slowly. 0-2.
  The next return she waited until after the bounce until sure which way it was going and managed to return it. It turned into a very long rally that she eventually won. 1-2.
  The game progressed like this, roughly evenly matched most of the time, but every so often, just when Tyana was relaxing slightly, the ball would again go off at what seemed an impossible angle and she would once again have to be cautious, taking control very late. Before long it was 15-19 with Tyana serving and believing it hopeless.
  << Tyana, I've been reading Mattra, and she plans to challenge as we expected if we lose this one. Trust me. I know what she's going to choose and we should have a good chance, so we can afford to let this match go. It also means that Merlin and Qamar will look better. >>
  << That's comforting to know, but believe me I have no choice - they're too good for me. >>
  She won only one more point, then end score being 21-16.
  "Five minute break," announced Shaena. "Anyone present may challenge to replace either or both of Tyana's opponents and may name the third  contest."
  Immediately Mattra was on her feet. "I so challenge. Dominic and I will contest the balance with this upstart."
  Merlin and Qamar took their places as witnesses and exchanged worried looks with Shaena. The balance had not been used in qualifying meetings for over five hundred years. It was perfect for one on one trials of strength, but was deemed unsuitable for two against one, even when it was two Silvers against one who wished for Gold.
  Essentially it consisted of giant scales, each pan of which could hold three tons of cannonballs. It was set so that a surplus weight of five hundredweight would put one side down. The scales were one hundred yards away, and a pile of balls each weighing one hundredweight was on either side of the stage. Whilst a White could be expected to move twice his or her weight, one of these balls was normally regarded as the limit if the feat had to be repeated many times until one side had five more than the other.
  << Shaena, this is Karim. Don't worry, she'll win easily, but afterwards we would like you to say something like 'Gold no longer becomes you' and point at Tyana. >>
  Shaena whispered to Merlin and Qamar that all would be well.
  Anyone watching would never have guessed the real content and would assume they were just worried.
  The five minutes soon passed, and Shaena called, "Commence!"
  Two of the balls on the left rose and moved towards the scales, taking ten seconds for the journey, landing in the right pan with a double clang.
  All eyes turned to Tyana to find her standing with an arm around Karim's neck and a glass in the other hand raised to her mouth. 
  As she finished her drink the second pair of balls fell into the right pan, leaving only one more for victory to Mattra and Dominic. Of all her friends watching Nasom was probably the only person present who was not concerned.
  Suddenly there was silence as the top nine balls in Tyana's pile overtook the one Mattra and Dominic were taking between them and landed silently in the left pan taking it down.
  Turning to Mattra, Tyana said quietly, "I did that to humiliate you. I don't know why you're against me but I do know that making the challenge implied that Merlin and Qamar were not doing their best and I couldn't forgive that. Do not cross me again."
  Shaena rose, sounded the gong again and raised her arms for silence.
  "By the power vested in me I declare that henceforth Tyana Counter shall be known as a full White Witch. Let the record keepers at Abinger be so advised. Tyana, that gold dress no longer becomes you as it once did."
  As she said this she pointed at the dress. Instantly Tyana exchanged the clothes she was wearing for the identical outfit laid out on her bed, but to the audience it looked as though Shaena had changed the colour to white.
  Megan and Thomas could contain themselves no longer and started cheering as they would have at a rugby match in Wales. The audience joined in and during the next hour it seemed that everyone present except Mattra and Dominic had to give their congratulations.
  Later Merlin, Shaena, Qamar, and Tyana were finally alone in Merlin's cave. Cave is the only word suitable as it was carved out of solid rock below the castle dominating Camelot, but once inside, palace, workshop, laboratory, library, or any of half a dozen other words would have done.
  "Congratulations from us all, My Dear," said Merlin. "You had us worried in that last session. I for one was very glad that Karim had tipped us off.
  "Still, all's well that ends well. Now you're fully equipped to tour Refuge to see what you can learn."
  "Not so fast," replied Tyana, "I've had a day to think since you asked me yesterday, and I want a few answers from my friends before I go out asking questions which may be of our enemies.
  "Before that, though, what were you and Qamar doing in that ping-pong game that I couldn't handle. I didn't fake that - you really beat me."
  Merlin chuckled.
  "Qamar, you tell her, after all it was your idea."
  "Like most things it's simple when you know, Tyana. Most of the time you were just playing Merlin, but every so often without even warning Merlin, I didn't try to affect the ball's path at all, I just put as much spin on it as I could manage in the quarter second or so after Merlin had 'hit' it and before it crossed the net.
  "Now you explain, please. Just how much could you have handled in that last push of cannonballs? And you, Shaena, how did you manage that colour change we saw?
  "It was very effective, I've never seen Mattra look at you with respect before."
  "Karim and I working together as we did then moved about twelve hundredweights at several hundred times that speed yesterday in practice, so I suppose the answer to your question is 'Sufficient’. Sometime we must find out just what we can move.
  "The colour change was Karim's idea. If we are to be away, and possibly Merlin too, I thought that the more our enemies were cautious when dealing with Shaena the better. It was a straightforward exchange with an identical costume of different colour at home. As you said just now - 'Simple when you know'.
  "Now, some answers to my questions, please:-
  "What did you learn, Merlin, ten years ago that worried you so much you asked Belle to allow Karim to be my familiar?
  "Who are the Old Ones we refer to in oaths?
  "Why has Camelot a history going back over one thousand years when Midwitch only records five hundred, and Argentcourt three?
  "Have you any idea at all of what we're up against?
  "In short, I'm not going anywhere until I know everything you know and everything you even suspect."
  "You remind me of me as I was forty years ago!"
  This totally unexpected reply was just what was needed to restore Tyana's normal easy going nature and she laughed.
  Merlin continued. "I mustn't tease you, though. Of course you will have all the information we can give you but I'm very much afraid it will be too little.
  "Ten years ago I expected it to be a simple problem, easily resolved. I expected to find a common factor - allergy to something for instance. Now I'm only too happy to turn it over to you.
  "One of the places I visited on my last tour was Abinger. I met a group of historians who had records of everything happening from when their ancestors awoke one morning nearly fourteen hundred years ago to find themselves on Refuge, though they hadn't named it that then. Their records go back 5,000 years before the move here. It seems likely that their's was the earliest colony founded, or at least no other has records going back that far. We measure our dates from when they moved.
  "The geography of the area around Abinger is very like that they had left behind in England and they naturally kept the name of their village. Most of the early settlements consisted of whole communities transplanted here, but after the first few they were usually made up of people from all over the country - always the same country though, and usually English speaking. It seems the Old ones made up villages as they thought fit. We have not yet discovered how or why.
  "The most recent arrival of a full village is New Salem. Since then there has just been the appearance of one person, or a family, usually at the rate of about ten people a year.
  "All your history lessons at school are based on the diaries kept and added to by the historians at Abinger. It is always arranged that they interview new arrivals after they've settled in.
  "There are several references to The Old Ones in the early writings of the first arrivals, and they explained that this world is a sort of refuge. Since then, that is what we have called it. Apparently they were real people who gave advice which always proved to be in our best interests.
  "About twenty years ago, Abinger started recording some cases of loss of magical ability. There seemed to be no pattern to it, just the occasional case. The year before my visit there had been an increase to twelve cases in that district that year.
  "My attention was drawn to a prophecy that had newly appeared in their records and caused much consternation which said      
           'In times of stress and trouble you'll need
            The power of a girl with Horn and steed.'
  "They couldn't understand it, but I believed I did. I didn't know how it could suddenly appear in their chronicals, but I thought at once of you and of Karim and returned home as soon as possible as you were about to become Bronze. Imagine how I felt when Darren was affected just before you qualified.
  "You now know as much as we three. I've pondered on the problem for ten years, and gladly pass it to you in the hope that a fresh mind will see a way forward that I may have missed.
  "All I can say for certain is that there has never been a case where the victim was Bronze or above."
  << Have you thought about why that might be? >> asked Karim.
  "Once we realised the losses were deliberately caused we considered that. Since the victims have no memory of being touched it must have been done by the use of magic.
  "Bronzes and above represent the most powerful group of our people and it would, therefore, be risky to try to hurt them. I would have thought that was obvious, Karim.
  "Tyana, we feel that your approach of looking for someone who is benefitting from the losses is a good one. Please pay particular attention to Kissimmee and New Salem. The leaders of both towns failed to attend either the recent seven yearly meeting or the one before it, which may or may not mean anything.
  "We have made up a Seal signed by myself and all the leaders who did attend and it gives you the authority to take whatever action you think fit."
  "Qamar, Shaena, have you anything to add?"
  "Sorry, Tyana," answered Shaena, "we've been with Merlin on this for the whole ten years. I'm sure he left nothing out. I know you've only had a few minutes to think, but have you any ideas yourself?"
  << I've had one, Tyana! >>
  "Just one, but I want to follow it up before voicing it. Let's meet here at the same time tomorrow. I promised to visit Darren at his parents' ranch, and that's what I'm going to do first, both to meet his wife and son, and I hope to get a few more questions answered."
  With Karim's seven times spell in action the eight miles took just under five minutes. Fortunately they could see Darren in a field several hundred yards from the house and walked towards him.
  "Greetings and welcome, - and congratulations, Tyana," Darren called as they approached. "I couldn't have enjoyed Mattra's discomfort more if I'd done it myself.
  "Hello again, Karim."
  << Good afternoon, Darren. >>
  "Sorry, Darren, I did come to meet Crystal and your son, but I need your help still. 
  "Have you remembered any more details of that dreadful day ten years ago?"
  << Easy, Tyana, he's remembering that morning. >>
  Tyana rushed forward to take her old friend in her arms as tears welled up in his eyes. "Darren, Darren, this is a happy day. Try to be glad for me."
  After a few minutes the sobs died down and he was able to say, "What must you think of me. Twenty years old and crying like a baby. Of course I'm glad for you. I just can't help wondering what it could have been like if I'd been able to keep up with you."
  Quickly Tyana explained all they knew of the development of the problem and ensured his discretion. She then asked what she said was a very special favour.
  "I'd like you to trust Karim to merge her mind with yours for a short while. Under her control you'll remember every little detail of the run up to your loss. It could give us the clue we need. The disadvantage is that we will literally learn everything you know, which hardly seems fair."
  "You know you don't need to ask. Even as children we had no secrets, and I have none from you now. Carry on."
  Tyana and Karim tried to ignore the personal details and concentrated on the twenty four hours before the loss. 
  Darren had been in the company of at least one family member until after their evening meal and had then gone riding into Camelot to go swimming with a group from his class. Just after starting home on on Flash, the horse he had hoped would be his familiar, he stopped to help a pedlar who said he'd been hoping to exchange his potions for supplies and had had an accident when one of his cart wheels went into a rut. Darren had quickly replaced the wheel, smoothed out the rut, and collected the various vials that had scattered. A simple exercise for one who was soon to be Bronze. The man had thanked him profusely and Darren had continued home, retiring to bed early as he had developed a headache which his mother had been unable to cure.
  The next morning he had felt fine, collected two of his books but had to do the last by hand, ridden over to the Counters' then the rest they knew. 
  "Darren, why did you never mention the pedlar before today?"
  "I'm as puzzled as you are. I didn't remember him at all."
  << When did you last try to conjure anything, Darren? >>
  "I tried regularly for the first year, then on my birthday for the next three or four. After that I gave up."
  << I have a theory. Darren, I want you to do something for me. Conjure me a feeding bag of finest linen, filled with tasty oats. >>
  "That's cruel, Karim. I'd love to, but I told you. I kept trying and I can't!"
  << Can you not remember how? >>
  "Of course I can, I just can't do it. Nothing happens."
  << I'm not being cruel. I believe you may be recovered. Please try now - for me. >>
  It was Tyana's turn to weep as she saw the bag appear, just as either she or Karim could have done it. Her tears though were of joy for her friend, and of gratitude to Karim.
  After the rejoicing and congratulations had died down, Darren wanted to know, "Will it last? and what of Crystal? Oh, you don't even know Crystal, do you?
  "She was the second victim in Camelot, one month older than me, and we drifted from helping each other as teenagers to falling in love. Do you think you could help her, Karim? I'll give up my own again if you can only help one of us. What's so amusing?"
  "We not only know Crystal, we know how much you love her and your son Jason. We know she's blonde, beautiful, and has made you very happy."
  << Slow down, Darren. Let's get things straight. I didn't help you. You were already 'cured' as you would think of it and so, I suspect, is Crystal. Go to her now, tell her the good news, and then Tyana must annex both of you with familiars at once. Has she still contact with her animal? >>
  << Karim, I can't do that. I have no authority. >>
  << It's time to change the rules. When Darren has gone inside I will speak with Shaena and arrange something. Only having familiars will sufficiently safeguard your friends. Just as there was no time to wait for you to become White and so Merlin changed the rules, there is no time for them to wait. >>
  Darren confirmed that Crystal still had Simba as a pet and it was arranged that they would all return to the field in fifteen minutes.
  << Shaena, this is Karim, we're making progress and need an emergency meeting of the full Council tomorrow. We also need your authority to immediately annex Darren with Flash, and his wife Crystal with her German Shepherd Simba. Please leave explanations till we meet - just say 'Yes'.
  << Tyana I've just.. >>
  Tyana interrupted - "Don't repeat it, I've learnt to stay with you. She agrees, and is dying to know why."
 They passed a few minutes in casual chat, admiring the herd Darren's parents kept and comparing the Friesians with the more familiar (to Tyana) Texas Longhorns. It was indeed fortunate that Darren and Crystal had chosen this particular time to introduce Jason to his grandparents.
  "Here they come. Look, Karim, if anything she's even more beautiful than she seemed when Darren thought of her."
  << That's because he sees perfection in her. He sees her as an artist would if commissioned to mould a statue, losing the minor imperfections that make her what she is. We see the real Crystal, right eyebrow slightly higher than the left, and so 
on. >>
  << You're becoming quite a philosopher, aren't you, Darling? >>
  "Hello, Crystal, I'm Tyana Counter, and this is Karim. First, thank you for making my best friend so happy!
  "I'm sorry if this is a bit of a shock, but it's important that I annex you with familiars immediately and Karim here has persuaded Shaena to agree. I must stress that there's no time to waste. Please stand on my left with Simba, Darren and Flash stand on my right.
  "There's simply no way of preparing you for the experience you are about to have, and I suspect it will be all the more emotional as you're both adults. Let me remind you - Flash and Simba will have intelligence equal to the average human, and will live as long as you. You will be able to share their experiences. You will find you can 'talk' telepathically when near them. With separation their intelligence very slowly decays to what it is now, but returns when you do. My annexation with Karim is still the strongest memory I have.
  Karim has explained the situation to Flash and to Simba and they are still willing. In fact they are eager."
  Tyana turned to face Darren and Flash and raised her arms as she remembered seeing Shaena do when using the spell. She willed the bond to be as strong as her own with Karim as she spoke,
             "These two I join, so let all heed,
              In future cut one and both shall bleed.
  "Use you new powers wisely, Darren, and for the benefit of all."
  Crystal and Simba were next and it was obvious to Tyana that Crystal realised just how much she was loved by the dog. She could still remember her own annexation.
  After the new pairs had had time to accustom themselves, Tyana felt obliged to follow up what they had learnt of Darren's loss by a similar investigation into the twenty four hours prior to Crystal's. Her story had much in common with Darren's. The only 'stranger' contact she'd had had been with a pair who claimed to be lost, requiring directions to Midwitch. She, like Darren, suffered a headache which disappeared after a night's sleep. The next day she had performed several simple tasks, then found she was unable to do more.
  "What of Jason?" asked Crystal. "Is he in any danger?"
  << Not as far as we know. The earliest case of loss has been at ten years of age, and he has another nine and a half to go. >>
  Tyana faced her old friend and his wife. "You will still both have to attend a full meeting and demonstrate your Bronze skills. Can you still remember the tests?"
  They nodded. "Progression on to Silver, Gold, and White may be as rapid as you wish, or are able, as there are going to be a lot of new Bronzes at the same meeting as you. If I were you I would challenge immediately, and get some practice in in the meantime."
  << An unhappy note to end on. We don't know for certain that having a familiar gives complete protection. All we know is that there have been no cases of Bronze or above losing their abilities. I believe that the increase in power that comes with annexation makes someone with a familiar a much harder target, for we're sure that someone is doing this deliberately, though we don't know how, yet. Please be very careful, keep Flash and Simba near you, and above all, avoid solitary contact with strangers. >>
  With that warning from Karim they took their leave, promising that the next meeting would not wait six years, and set out for home. As they went over the hill separating the ranches the last sight they had was of Darren cantering to his parents' house on Flash with Crystal in front of him holding Jason, and Simba racing ahead.
  The short trip was uneventful and for the first time since walking into the Council Chamber the previous day Tyana was able to relax and enjoy Karim's company, at least until she asked, 
  << When do you think you'll find love, like Darren's >>
  "I wish I knew. I can only say that I haven't yet met a man who I felt more than friendship for. Perhaps one day I will, if so I'm sure you'll be the first to know."
  She was saved further questioning by arriving home to find Pettra waiting in the library for her. This was a surprise, to say the least. Pettra rose as she entered and stammered,
  "Am - am I welcome?"
  Her bush baby, Carley, looked as scared as she did.
  "You tell me! I have never wanted any quarrel with your mother or with you, but she certainly seems to bear a grudge, or hate me, I can't make my mind up which."
  "I don't know much more than you myself. We arrived in Camelot and Mother immediately started pushing me to challenge for promotion. You were obviously way ahead of me and we had many rows about it when I wouldn't take you on.
  "That stunt you pulled with the cannonballs finally convinced her that there's nobody to challenge you. She says you're probably the most powerful witch who's ever lived, and she was also impressed by the ease with which Shaena dressed you in white. I'm here to offer you her support if you ever need it."
  << Karim, what do you think? >>
  << Believe it or not she speaks the truth. Maybe Mattra lied to her, we'll have to check when I get the chance. But Pettra certainly believes what she just said. >>
  "Then yes, Pettra, you're welcome here. Your mother will have been told of an emergency meeting tomorrow morning at ten. I would be grateful if you tell her that she's not only wanted there, she's needed. I can't say more without breach of etiquette."
  Carley looked into Tyana's eyes with those limpid pools of hers and held out her little arms. That gesture, more than Karim's analysis won Tyana over and once again Pettra was her friend.
  As she showed her out, she heard voices from the kitchen and returned in time to hear her brother say, "I finally worked out what you meant last night, Megan, or at least I think I did!"
  "I don't understand. What do you mean?" she heard Megan reply.
  "When you said there was something I could do for you, but you would have to know me better first.
  "You wanted my to help look after Thomas, didn't you?
  "Of course I will, and so will Darryl - and everyone else. For as long as you're here, you're one of the family. Agreed?"
  "Yes, Dusty, and Thanks. It's you who don't understand, but perhaps one day..."
    Tyana tiptoed away, grinning to herself. She thought she knew exactly what Megan had probably meant, and mentally wished her luck. As far as she knew Dusty had never even had a girlfriend, though she had often seen Darryl with one or other of the girls in Camelot.

	CHAPTER FOUR

  Next morning after breakfast Tyana and Karim first demonstrated and then tried to teach the ground eating stride multiplication spell with mixed success. Her parents Hondo and Lindsey had no trouble with a factor of ten. Really ten was the limit without risk of injury as horse and rider still had to see pot-holes.
  Dustine could only manage six times, and Darryl five.
  As they cantered to the meeting Tyana and Karim discussed this and they came to the conclusion that since a Gold had no trouble, and two Silvers only averaged five and a half times, a Bronze would fare even worse. Looking at it another way Tyana commented, "We now have an easy way of grading an unknown from Bronze to Gold."
  << Remember, Tyana, only Merlin, Qamar, and Shaena know I'm your partner, and even they don't know that I too could call myself a witch. We must restrict the number who know, at least until we know who the enemy is. >>
  Arriving at the meeting was very different from her last visit, except of course for the crowd of children around Karim when she left her outside and went into the chamber.
  There was no suggestion of finishing off other business whilst keeping her waiting. Shaena gestured to her to take the chair, but she declined.
  "Thank you, but I'm here to report on progress so far and to make a recommendation. We will progress faster if we follow normal procedure.
  "First, for any of you who have not heard, some very good news. The first two casualties we suffered in Camelot, Darren and Crystal, are now cured."
  Shaena's gavel was banging for nearly a minute before order was restored and Tyana could make herself heard again.
  "Continue please, Tyana."
  "Under careful questioning I found that both Darren and Crystal had been approached by strangers the evening before their losses, and both suffered headaches that went after sleep. Both still had power the next morning but it soon disappeared.
  "It seemed to me that the strangers must have stolen something from inside their heads causing the headaches, and leaving a little of it behind. When that small amount was used up next day they found - well you all know what they found.
  "Whatever this substance is it's not there at birth and only seems to exist from about six years of age onwards. It would be less clumsy to give this report if we had a name for it. Has anyone any suggestions?"
  Merlin made one. "Theurgy is an ancient word for magic. A theurgist was a magician. How about 'theurgen'? It sounds as though it would mean the generator of magic does it not?"
  Tyana carried on with her story. "Theurgen it is, then. It seemed that if this is, and I stress that I am guessing here, stored somewhere in the head and it was stolen that would account for everything. The small amount left accounts for the loss not being immediately apparent. More important is that if only the reserve was stolen, then six years after the theft the victim should have made up the loss.
  "I tested this theory first on Darren, then on Crystal and I'm happy to say they are cured. Not, as you all assumed, by me, but by the passage of time."
  Once again Shaena's gavel was in action for a while to bring the meeting to order as everyone considered who out of their afflicted friends they should contact first. One or two rose to leave. Merlin's quiet voice cut through the babble.
  "That report was not why you were called here. There is a much more urgent matter which springs from it. Carry on, Tyana."
  "You have all noticed that Bronzes and above were not affected and assumed that it was their natural ability which gave protection. You are forgetting, because it's so long since you were annexed, the doubling in your powers which then occurred.
  "Also the presence of a familiar would make it extremely difficult if not impossible to steal theurgen secretly by will alone, and you must remember the victims were not touched. It would certainly be impossible without the familiar becoming aware of it.
  "Annexation has always followed Bronze qualification in the past. I ask the Council to change this, and approve the annexation of every person able to bond with a familiar just as soon as the available Whites can arrange it.
  "I have to say that in anticipation of acceptance, and with Shaena's consent, I have already annexed Darren with Flash, and Crystal with Simba. They will be able to qualify Bronze at the next full session."
  << Karim, what is Mattra's reaction to all this? >>
  << I'm happy to say nothing short of joy as she is thinking of friends back home who have suffered. >>
  Mattra rose to her feet and caught Shaena's eye, receiving permission to speak. "I would like to thank Tyana for the work she has done in such a short time and apologise for my earlier opposition. I also suggest that there is no need for a vote. Does anyone object to the motion to adopt Tyana's suggestion being carried unanimously?"
  Obviously there was no objection.
  Shaena took control, requesting Qamar to report to Midwitch and Dominic to Argentcourt to suggest the same measures there.
  The findings and decisions were written down, signed by the full Council, and copies sent by messenger to every town and village in the land, with a full transcript of the meeting for Abinger.
  "Tyana, I'd still like you to extend your enquiries if you will. We still need to know Who? and Why?
  "As you visit each town look especially to confirm that they are acting on the suggestion to annex all capable of it. They will have received that by the time you reach them. Are you willing?"
  "I'm not only willing, I'm determined to track down those who could inflict the suffering Darren endured for ten years.
  "I'll leave tomorrow, and will keep in touch through Belle, Karim's dame. I will annex the new arrivals Megan and Thomas myself if I may as they have both shown that they qualify,"
  "But Thomas is only six!"
  "I know, but he can start a fire just by thinking about it, and I had in mind that anyone who can pass just one Bronze test should be protected as they are obviously producing theurgen!"
  "You're right, of course! We'll handle the others."
  Tyana took her leave and headed home. Karim called ahead.
  << Dusty, this is Karim, we have a job for you. Please explain to Megan and Thomas that annexing them with familiars cannot wait until they qualify Bronze. Tyana is coming to do it this evening. It's down to you to find suitable animals. >>
  By the time they arrived at the ranch the whole family was waiting. Dusty stepped forward.
  "I got your message. Megan is no problem as she loves horses, is likely to need one to get around as a healer, and our new mare Bess that my own Ebony likes would be ideal.
  "Karim, there she is next to Ebony, please ask her for me."
  Megan now joined Dusty. "Thomas is delighted he doesn't have to wait for a familiar, but insists that he wants a unicorn. He just can't be made to understand that a familiar is not a possession, and you can't just buy one.
  "As for myself, if you say I need one, then so be it. I've always loved horses and Bess has the sweetest nature of any I've ever ridden. I saw the bond between Dusty and Ebony when we went out this morning, and if Bess and I could share a similar one, it would be marvellous."
  Tyana thought for a few moments then shrugged her shoulders, saying, "Karim and I were only Thomas's age when we met. I too would not accept a horse like the rest of my family. The least we can do is visit the herd and ask, but, Thomas, a unicorn is a person not a pet; do you understand that?"
  "Yes, Auntie Tyana, Karim explained it all to me when we were riding alongside the coach yesterday. I think a unicorn is the bestest friend you could ever have and you're very lucky."
  So it was that after annexing Megan with Bess Tyana had Thomas sitting in front of her as they galloped using a ten times spell towards the herd, and she wondered whether Thomas had called her 'Auntie' as a habit when addressing adult family friends, or whether he was anticipating. He certainly seemed to like Dusty. When they slowed down a little he wanted to know, "Will I be able to ride at that speed? It's better than anything I've ever been on in a funfair!"
  "Not until you're above Bronze, Thomas, and not at that speed until Gold. Now, we're almost there. I can't help you.
  "Just be yourself and speak your true feelings. Call Zoltan 'Sir'."
  << I have explained what we have discovered to my sire, and told him of Thomas's request. We are to ride straight in. >>
  The stallion met them at the edge of the herd and greeted Thomas. << So, you're the young man who thinks he deserves a unicorn as a familiar are you? >>
  Much to Tyana's surprise Thomas remained calm in spite of being faced by well over a ton of angry sounding unicorn.
  "No, Sir, I'm the young man who would like to make friends with a unicorn just like my Auntie Tyana did, and if I'm very lucky we can become partners just like she is with Karim."
  << Tyana, he is as mature as you were when you first played with the herd colts and fillies. I am most impressed. Karim has shown us that this is not a one sided arrangement and that she is happy. I have no objection if one of the colts wishes to leave with you, but it must be his choice. They are in the centre of the herd; I suggest you go there and meet them. >>
  Karim walked to the centre of the herd, greeting Belle as she passed, and found a group of yearlings playing 'follow my leader'. She called to them and they formed a semi-circle in front of her. Quickly she told them of her friendship with Tyana and what her life with the humans had been like. She deliberately did not mention that she was now a witch.
  << Now, I'd like you to meet Thomas who says he would like nothing better than to have a unicorn for a friend. >>
  Several of the colts spoke to their neighbours but one, who had been at the very end of the line in 'Follow my leader' walked forward and said, << Hello, Thomas, my name is Jet. They call me that because I'm black all over instead of having hooves, mane, and tail a different colour. Even my horn will be black as you can see from the bud. I'd like to be your friend. I haven't got any special friends here because of my colouring. >>
  "Well I think black is the best colour you could have and 'stead of being sorry you should be proud of it."
  Having made this pronouncement as though it settled everything, Thomas wandered away with Jet obviously deep in conversation.
  Tyana went back to Zoltan whilst the boy and the colt got to know each other. Jet had not yet developed the fine tuning that would come later and they heard a few snatches of what was being said.
  << ..at least two hundred miles an hour. >>
  << I don't believe it. >>
  << Honest. I wouldn't lie to you, but Auntie Tyana said I wouldn't be able to do it for years yet. Won't it be fun, though? >>
  << Do you think Karim is as happy as she said she was? >>
  << It was after she told me about her love for Auntie that I knew I wanted a unicorn for a friend. Karim wouldn't have said .........did if she wasn't happy. You should have been there. She beat Merlin and Qamar at tab......nis, then .........
...........on't have to decide now, you know. The grown ups say I got to have a famil....today, but they can't make me. I'll wait till you decide. >>
  << I already like you, Thomas, but I want to ask a few more quest.................................................... >>
  << That happens, sometimes, as they grow up, >> said Zoltan,  << and we probably won't hear any more. >>
  "If they decide to pair, can you possibly inhibit Jet as you did Karim so that the full power will not appear until Thomas reaches Gold? I'd hate to be around if he threw a temper tantrum with he and Jet operating as I now know they will be able to in a few months."
  Zoltan readily agreed and it was no surprise to either of them when Thomas came back to announce, "We want to be partners, Auntie Tyana."
  After Karim confirmed that Jet understood all that it meant Tyana once again raised her arms and said for the fourth time since being promoted,
       "These two I now join, so let all heed,
        In future cut one and both shall bleed."
  Thomas threw his arms around Jet's neck and hugged him with tears streaming down his face. "Oh, Auntie," he said eventually, "you never said it would be like this."
  He then turned to Zoltan, saying, "Thank you, Sir. It doesn't seem enough to say, but - - - Thank you!"
  Zoltan was embarrassed for the first time in his life.
  Jet was strong enough to carry Thomas so Tyana conjured a black saddle for him and explained to Thomas that he would never need any of the normal aids to riding, but should just hold on to Jet's mane and let him know mentally which way to go.
  Karim didn't 'call' ahead when they arrived back at the ranch, letting Thomas go on ahead to have his bit of glory.
  "A side benefit for us, Karim, is that whilst we are away we can communicate with home if Jet is here. Is there any limit to your range when calling another unicorn?"
  << Not that we have ever found, and I don't think it will be hard to persuade Megan to stay here at least until we get back. See for yourself. >>
  The family were gathered around to congratulate Thomas, and to meet Jet, but what Karim was referring to was the way Megan was standing as closely to Dusty as she could, and looking more at him than at Jet.
<< What's she thinking, Darling? You normally let me listen in >>
  << Sorry, Tyana, it wouldn't be fair, but just let me say that I was right. They will still be here when we return! >>
	
  Megan again had trouble sleeping, but this time it was happiness that kept her excited. Bess had gone to sleep after a long chat - it had been wonderful being able to lay in bed and talk to her in the stable. She felt on top of the world, even if it was a different world she thought, and she just had to tell someone, and that meant she had to tell Dusty. She tapped very lightly on his door, and it opened at once, which puzzled her, as Dusty was still in bed. Then she realised. "I can't get used to it yet, this idea of never doing by hand what can be done with a thought."
  "Sorry! Come in, though, and it's not something only I can do you know. You must have the ability as well, or you wouldn't be here. Have you ever tried to move anything?"
  "No. How do you do it?"
  "I've got to think now. Let's see. Try this - - 
  "Concentrate on this diary I was filling in, really want it to come to your hand, then think 'NOW' and it should happen."
  Megan did as asked, and sure enough, she found the book in her hand, and promptly dropped it.
  "No!" shouted Dusty as she bent to pick it up. "Will it to come to you again!"
  Megan did, and this time she held on to it. "May I look?"
"I'm embarrassed to say some of it is about you. Merlin asked me to jot down anything interesting that the record keepers in Abinger will need to know, and of course your annexation, and even more so Thomas's, counts as interesting."
  Megan read through the account, then turned back to the record of when they had arrived, skimming through it looking for interesting bits.........one of the most attractive girls I have ever met...........Mother says she senses tremendous potential in both of them........the boy is very advanced for six, and reminds me of Tyana at the same age..........She collapsed today, and we were frantic for a while, but it's alright....both she and her mother healers........must remember to ask Tyana how Mother knows..........too good for the likes of me..
  At that point Megan looked up and demanded to know, "What do you mean, 'too good for the likes of you'? You can do things I only dream about. You have your family, and Ebony. I'd love to be up to your standard!"
  "You probably are already. We'll find out when you're tested."
  "Will testing help me as what you call a healer?"
  "Well.... No, I suppose not."
  "So why should I be tested?
  "And anyway you're changing the subject. What do you mean, 'too good for the likes of you'?"
  "I just feel you deserve someone better than a ranch hand, and I don't want to take advantage as the first man here to really get to know you."
  Megan took his hand and looked him straight in the eyes, "I'm not suggesting we marry tomorrow, but I enjoy being with you, or I wouldn't be here now. Move over and let me lay down. I actually came as I wanted to talk about all that's happened in the last three days. I'll never get to sleep until I get it in some sort of order in my head, and you're elected listener!" 
  Megan lifted his arm so that she could use it for a pillow, laid beside him, and just talked, as though dictating to a diary.
  Some time later Dusty woke to find that she had, like himself, fallen asleep, but it didn't occur to him to wake her. He felt strangely proud to look over and see her next to him. Fortunately, as a Silver, it was a simple matter to change the sheet and blankets for larger ones and cover her.
  He was still laying like that as dawn broke, and he plucked up courage to kiss her to waken her, half expecting her to panic, but instead she rolled over to face him and returned the kiss with interest.
  "If we don't get up now, we'll miss Tyana's departure. Breakfast is something of a tradition in the family when someone's going away."
  That morning, looking around the table at the Counter clan, Megan decided she wanted to be one of them. The only problem was convincing Dusty that he wanted it too. Looking at Thomas, she found that he had eyes only for Tyana. Natural, she supposed, as Tyana had Karim as he now had Jet.
CHAPTER FIVE

  Geography had never been Tyana's best subject at school so as Karim cantered towards Camelot she studied the map given her by Merlin which he assured her was the most up to date available from Abinger and certainly more than he had had himself ten years earlier.






	
 It was, in her opinion, painfully inadequate showing as it did only the ten towns, five rivers and the coastline of the continent. No details were given of hills except for showing the New Pennine Range from which all five rivers came.
  Apparently the other side of the mountain range had either not been explored or had been declared unimportant.
  There were no roads shown even though she knew there were regular wagon trains taking goods between the various towns and they should at least have made tracks that she could use to check her progress. Unicorn hooves were much more durable than those of horses but at the speeds Tyana intended to travel she was going to keep to grassland as much as possible.
  They passed through Camelot at a normal canter, acknowledging the greetings of the few who were about so soon after dawn and headed South, intending to find the river then follow it into Kissimmee. As soon as the light was good enough Karim invoked her ten times spell and settled into a mile eating gallop.
  They needed to know just how much ground could be covered in a day and Tyana thought it likely that they could get the news to the most southern towns much earlier than the normal messenger service. She was, therefore, carrying additional copies of the last meeting and its recommendations. Thus Kissimmee was to be their first call followed by Brigadoon as the farthest South from Camelot.
  << Remember, Karim, this system of travel has never been tried before. You need to keep careful check on how tired you feel as we have thousands of miles ahead of us.  It's not like coming back from the herd. >>
  Normally conversation was with Tyana speaking normally and Karim replying telepathically but at two hundred miles an hour the wind noise made this impossible. Since Karim could gallop at over thirty miles per hour they could have gone for even more speed, but only at the risk of an accident. At least to start with, ten times twenty had been agreed.
  They had travelled two and a half hours when Karim 'heard' conversation over the next rise and 'called' ahead, << This is Karim, of Zoltan's herd, carrying Tyana. May we come through, please? >>
  << Scimitar replying, Karim. Come ahead and welcome. We've heard much of Tyana and would be pleased to meet her. Can you spare the time? >>
  Karim slowed to a normal canter as she approached the brow of the hill, allowing Tyana to speak normally.
  "I think we should stop, Darling. Surely you must be tiring a little?"
  << Believe it or not, I'm only just beginning to breath hard, but I would like to meet the herd. We've never been this far from home before.
  << Yes, Scimitar, we have time, and thank you. >>
  As they walked towards the herd, identical twin unicorns came towards them. Both were black as Jet, and as large as Zoltan with contrast as Gold as Karim's own. Scimitar was about half an inch longer in the face and introduced his brother Rebel. << He was born just five minutes after me which is why I am Herd Stallion. By tradition we should fight for the job but we prefer to work together. 
  << He was originally called Broadsword, but since all he wanted to do as a yearling was visit humans near Kissimmee and ask questions he was renamed 
Rebel. >>
  Looking around Tyana saw that this herd, too, consisted of about forty adults of various colours but she could see no foals or yearlings. The subject could hardly be spoken of after only a few seconds acquaintance so she continued her survey. In the distance she could see what must be the Tallahachi River, and the surrounding countryside was little different from her home except that there were no herds of cattle or sheep and no crops in fields this far from town, in fact there were no fields, just wild prairie obviously good grazing.
 She could see no reason for the sombre atmosphere in the herd or lack of offspring unless the two were connected. Hopefully Karim could explain later.
  Rebel particularly was interested in their mission and was astounded to hear that they had left Camelot only that morning. Karim explained, except that all the credit for the spell was given to Tyana.
  Now rested and having drunk their fill from a convenient stream they prepared to leave and were soon at the bank of the river, escorted by Scimitar and Rebel. Looking downstream Tyana saw that the river went into a gorge and to follow the right bank would be extremely difficult as there was no simple way up the rock face.
  She looked across and saw that the other side was more promising.
  "Where is the nearest ford or bridge?" asked Tyana of Scimitar.
  << I'm sorry to say there is none, and the river at this point is too fast for swimming with any safety; you would be carried miles downstream if you tried. Look how lush the grass is over there. Would that we could get to it easily. >>
  "Are there any predators over there? Is there any reason for not wanting a bridge?"
  << None at all, but as the nearest humans are in Kissimmee eighty miles downstream, how would we get one? >>
  Tyana studied the narrowest crossing point and realised Scimitar was right. At that point the river was on bedrock, shallower than usual, hence the speed of flow, but too deep to ford. With no warehouse to draw materials from she decided a bridge was beyond her without human help. I seemed the easiest solution was to widen the river from one hundred feet to one hundred yards. This, with Karim helping but not admitting it took five minutes. Any rocks in the spoil were dumped in the original cutting, followed by smaller stones and sand until there was a three to four feet deep ford one hundred yards wide and one hundred yards long.
  They crossed, followed by both Scimitar and Rebel. Both were profuse in their gratitude, only letting Tyana go when she pointed out that it was also for her own benefit.
  The left bank proved much easier going and in less than half an hour they came to the first farm they'd seen since leaving Camelot. They were met at the boundary by the owner who was working with a horse and harvester cutting wheat. He introduced himself as Koasati, and it turned out that he had been a victim nine years earlier.
  Tyana made another friend for life by telling him that he was 'cured', and that any of his friends who had been afflicted more than six years ago would likewise be 'cured'.
  Koasati rushed ahead to the house and called his wife Freshwater, conjuring a bunch of flowers to her hand as he approached.
  "You're cured too, Darling," he said sweeping her off her feet.
  "Just think how much easier life's going to be now. For a start I'll have that field finished by tea time and poor old Conker can enjoy his retirement."
  Tyana was puzzled and said, "I just saw you conjure that bouquet of flowers for Freshwater. You must be at least Bronze if you can do that after nine years without practice. We've found that a familiar gives protection so how is it that you lost your powers?"
  "We don't get along with the high and mighty in Kissimmee. They think that Freshwater's family and mine are not good enough for them. We were never invited to any meetings, so we never took any tests."
  Tyana thought about her history lessons then replied, "Surely Kissimmee is an old Indian word. The first settlers must have been American Indians, so I don't understand."
  Koasati explained.
  "The original inhabitants were a whole family of Seminole Indians including their Medicine Woman. She named the village as it was then, and the name was accepted by the additional Indians to arrive from all over the Indian Nations. They kept their original tribal name alive by adopting it for their own name, hence my name Koasati.
  "All was well until a few very powerful white skinned witches arrived about a hundred years ago and got control of the council. Now we are outnumbered and left out."
  "Well all that changes right now. I need two animals to annex you with. Have you any in mind?"
  "You can't just go and annex us like that! Blanche will hit the roof when she hears and will negate the annexation spell. She's done it before, ten years ago when Merlin annexed my sister with her cat Charlene."
  Tyana and Karim were horrified that someone who could be that vindictive could be elected leader.
  << Karim, we must do something about this before moving on, I trust you
 agree? >>
  << Of course! Merlin will be livid when he hears. >>
  "Both of you, please answer my question and let me worry about Blanche. I promise you that not only will she be unable to negate my spell, she will be lucky to retain her leadership."
  "We can't. She's too powerful!"
  << Koasati and Freshwater, this is Karim. You probably know that a unicorn never lies.
  << I tell you that before you is the most powerful witch who ever lived. Tyana defeated Merlin and Qamar together to qualify White, and didn't even start to perspire.
  << She carries a Seal of Authority signed by members of the combined councils, though I doubt it will be needed. I too promise you that Blanche will not 
interfere! >>
  Koasati explained that he had hoped to annex with Conker, now twenty eight years old, and Freshwater said she'd had a Golden Labrador who had since died.
  "I might be lucky enough to get one of her puppies, now four, if we go to the next farm," she said.
  "Conker will live as long as you if annexed. Do you still want him even though he's near retirement?"
  Tears came to Koasati's eyes as he looked at the old horse and replied, "He's helped me all these years to the best of his ability and I love him. Need you ask?"
  It obviously wasn't necessary to ask Karim to verify Conker's willingness so Tyana went through the ritual again.
       "These two I now join, and only I may divide,
        In future hurt one, and from both you need hide."
  The look in each of their eyes afterwards was all the reward she needed. "Now, Freshwater, let Karim take you to your neighbours and make your request. Then, if you can, return with the bitch."
  Freshwater was terrified until reassured by Karim but soon they were disappearing over the hill at about sixty miles an hour. Karim could not resist showing off a little.
  Whilst waiting for Freshwater to return Tyana discovered that the two families considered 'not good enough to mix' were, in fact, near to the pure strain of American Indians who had been the first arrivals and had named the town Kissimmee.
  Koasati's mother was proud to claim that she had no white American blood at all.
  << Tyana, Koasati, we're coming, and we've got Lassie with us. She's not been too well looked after so she is delighted at the offer we made to take her home and annex her with Freshwater. >>
  Yet again Tyana experienced the fulfilling sensation of performing annexations.
	
  Slowly walking down the main street in Kissimmee Tyana was struck by the differences when compared with Camelot. No one left their home to greet them. Conversations stopped as they approached then continued after they had passed.
  << What's wrong, Karim? >>
  << They're afraid of upsetting a woman called Blanche. Apparently she rules their every move. The sooner we meet her, the better. >>
  Tyana shouted, "Have none of you any manners in Kissimmee? I demand that someone summon your Council Leader, or at least tell me where she's to be found!"
  "I am Blanche, the Head Witch in Kissimmee. It is to me that you should pay your respects."
  The speaker was six feet tall, dressed all in black with a traditional witches hat and had a black cat on her shoulder. She was about fifty, slightly overweight, and with a very pointed nose and high prominent cheekbones. After a little thought, and remembering what Koasati had told her of this woman, Tyana replied, "In Camelot, where I come from, respect has to be earned before it is due.
  "You will, therefore, receive none from me until I'm satisfied you're worthy of it. I will come straight to the point.
  "By what right did you negate an annexation spell cast by Merlin ten years ago in this town?"
  "I see no need to answer you, but I suppose there's no harm in you knowing. The ruling Council had decreed that magic should only be practised by those with a majority of White American or English blood. Anyone with more than a trace of American Indian ancestry should learn their place as servants to the ruling class.
 "It was obvious to me that Merlin failed to realise this when he functioned as leader during my illness so on my return I corrected his oversight."
  Tyana decided that Blanche's necessary humiliation should take place before the whole town and said loudly, "Thank you for explaining. I understand now how things are in this town and I'll act accordingly.
  "I bring news that I'm only empowered to tell before your whole council. Please arrange a full meeting in public for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock in this square."
  Turning her back she continued to Karim, << See if you can find out how their experiences of losses compare with our own. As soon as you've done that we'll return to the farm and more friendly company. >>
  They arrived back at Koasati's home to find it the source of the incessant drum beat they had been listening to on the return trip. Members of the once proud Indian tribes were arriving in ones, twos, and whole families. All were of mixed blood, of course, after three hundred years, and except for Koasati and Freshwater not one had a familiar.
  << I think we're going to have to work for our supper, Tyana. These people have no self confidence and don't even trust you. For generations they have been the servants of the likes of Blanche. >>
  << Can you speak to them all at once, Karim, to save my voice? I leave it up to you what to say, but I think we're going to have to do some sort of demonstration to show that Blanche is not all powerful. >>
  Karim thought, then said mentally to all present,
  << My name is Karim. I am the white unicorn you see with Tyana. To give you an idea of her power, I tell you that we left Camelot at dawn this morning and arrived here this afternoon. We will show you how. >>
  Karim trotted away from the crowd then, when Tyana pointed at her, headed towards Kissimmee at her fastest gallop with a ten times spell working. She returned in the same fashion, then continued,
  << Now I have your attention, please look towards Kissimmee. You no doubt see the pile of rocks that Koasati has removed from the soil when ploughing? Some of you are having difficulty seeing over the heads.
  << Tyana, bring them a little nearer please. >>
  The five or six tons of rocks rose quickly and went to hover over the heads of the crowd.
  << You can put them back now, please, or better, Koasati point to where you would rather have them. >>
  Koasati pointed to the side of the house where he was building a patio and in seconds they were deposited there.
  "Thank you, Karim. Tomorrow at ten in the morning I intend to challenge Blanche as unfit to lead. I need you all there, and any other families who are considered unworthy to practise magic. 
  "Whatever you have been led to believe, everyone on Refuge has equal rights. The Old Ones would not have brought your ancestors here unless they qualified. We know that much!"
  Tyana decided that leaving them to talk would have the greatest effect so she went half way back to Kissimmee, conjured some food and shelter for them, and they slept.
	
THE COUNTER RANCH, NEAR CAMELOT
  Megan watched Tyana until she disappeared over the hill leading to Camelot then went back in to the ranch house. She found Lindsey just finishing the housework for the morning and asked if she could help with anything.
  "For the next two weeks nobody expects either you or Thomas to do anything, Megan. Think of it as a holiday, but the reason we do it is that we've found it usually takes that long for new arrivals to get used to life here. If Thomas wants to, I can take him in to school in Camelot and introduce him.
  "How about that, Thomas?"
  "I'd love to, Mrs. Counter. Can Jet come?"
  "No, but don't let that worry you as you'll still be in contact with him mentally and he will learn everything you do just as if he was there. He can take you, though, and bring you back. How does that sound?" 
  It sounded, as Thomas said, "Just great!"
  "How about you, Megan? Are you coming with us?"
  "I will if Thomas wants me to, but Dusty promised to teach Bess and me to travel at what he called multiplied speed if I'm free."
  "I don't need you, Sis. Thanks all the same, but I'll see you tonight! 
  "I 'spect she'd rather be with him anyway!" he commented to Lindsey. "She slept in his room last night, you know."
  Megan blushed and insisted, "That's only because I fell asleep there. Honestly, Lindsey, nothing happened. We just dozed off after talking!"
  Lindsey was laughing, not quite the reaction Megan had expected. "I believe you! But let me tell you why I believe you. If Dustine had slept with you in the other sense, I would have been the first person he told. We have no secrets in this family, so be warned. 
  "And, Thomas, it's not polite to try to get your sister in trouble!"
  "Sorry, Mrs. Counter…….. Sorry, Megan!"
  Hondo and Darryl went off to work, Lindsey and Thomas headed for Camelot, and Dusty took Megan out to tend to Bess whilst he did the same for Ebony. She found they were in adjoining boxes, and obviously content.  She had been expecting to have to tack up as she'd been used to doing, but Dusty reminded her, "All you need is a saddle to spread your weight better for Bess, and that you place and tighten magically. Some riders use stirrups, but we never bother, we just have soft boots and rely on balance. See how you get on.
  She 'got on' better than Dusty had expected, and easily kept up with him, even at Ebony's fastest multiplied gallop.
  "No wonder Thomas couldn't stop talking about the ride he had with Tyana," she said to him, "it's better than.."
  At that point she was interrupted.
  << Megan, this is Jet! >>
  It was a similar experience to when Karim had spoken to her the day she arrived, but in her head the voice was different.
  << Thomas has asked me to pass on a request from his teacher.
  << Do you feel up to a ride into Camelot? There's an injured child here at the school, and a frantic mother and father. >>
  << Of course I'll come, Jet.
  << Bess! We have our first job to do >>
  "Sorry, Dusty, I'm needed at the school. Can you show me the way?"
  "Of course, trouble with Thomas?"
  "No, an injured child. There's no time to waste. Thomas wouldn't have had Jet call if it wasn't urgent."   
  They galloped at Dusty's fastest until he said, "Nearly there! Look! Just outside town near the river."
  She thought for a moment, weighing his feelings against the urgency of getting there, and said to him, "See you there, Slowcoach!" and gave it all she'd got. Dusty saw Bess go ahead as though he was standing still.
  << What a girl, Ebony, What a girl! >>
  << You can say that again, Dustine, and what a mare! >>
  Megan found Thomas holding a toddler's arm in a horse trough, much against the child's wishes. She was screaming, but he was arguing with the mother, and it seemed that Jet was backing him up, as the father was restraining his wife.
  "Honest, I know I'm right...
  "Megan! Over here! Zara's arm got burnt when a fire starting experiment went wrong and her shirt caught light.
  "I got her here as fast as I could, but they don't believe me. I am right, aren't I?"
  "Yes, of course you are, but let me see, now. Cold water has done all it can in the time I've been coming.
  "Zara, may I see, please? I promise I can stop it hurting."
  As soon as Megan touched her the tears stopped, and she was able to examine the burn. All that there was to see was a palm sized pink patch, which didn't even need a dressing.
  "Let's go and show Mummy and Daddy, shall we?
  "And how about a 'Thank you' to Thomas for saving you a lot of pain?" but the child only looked at her mother, who asked,
  "Was he really right about what to do? He was so fast he had the arm in the trough before I could stop him, then this voice in my head kept telling me to let him do it. I don't understand."
  "I'm Megan. Yes, Thomas was right, For a minor burn, getting it cool as soon as possible is the most important thing, to confine damage to just the skin. The voice in your head was from Jet, Thomas's familiar who is a unicorn. Jet could tell that Thomas knew he was right, so backed him up."
  "Unicorn?" she asked, looking at Thomas with a new respect. "I thought there was only one with a unicorn familiar in the land, and that was Tyana. He's too young to qualify anyway, isn't he?"
  Megan didn't know what to say, but Dusty arrived in time to help her. 
  "Hello, Mrs Archer. As you will have heard, anyone who can pass just one of the five Bronze tests should be protected. Thomas here has not tried any others yet, but we know he can start a fire."  
  Thus Thomas became something of a hero on his first day at school, and his reputation grew even faster when word spread that he had a unicorn familiar just like Tyana.
  The knowledge that there was at last a healer in the district also spread, and as Dusty said on the slow walk back to the ranch, "You didn't need a fortnight, you're both full citizens of Refuge already, and I'm proud of you."
  "You didn't mind me going off ahead of you, then?"
  "You weren't just showing off. Ebony and I were just proud to be your friends, and glad to have had the time to teach you."

JUST OUTSIDE KISSIMMEE
  Whilst slowly trotting to the town next morning Karim gave what information she had managed to glean. << They've been having an increasing number of cases every two years, just as in Camelot. I suspect that when added to Brigadoon's numbers we'll find it to total about the same number as in our three towns. >>
  As they had expected Blanche and her Council were on a stage in the square, arranged in a semi-circle along one wall.
  Around the square, and hanging out of every window to get a good view were the townspeople. It was pleasing to note that most, if not all, of the Indians from the previous evening were there.
  Using magic to enhance her voice so that it carried to even the back of the crowd Tyana looked at Blanche and spoke.
  "You know only that I am Tyana, and this is my familiar Karim.
  "Each town on Refuge has a copy of the constitution kept at Abinger. Have you yours available?"
  Blanche, obviously furious, leapt to her feet and said, "You told me you had news which could only be given to the full council in public."
  Still using the enhanced voice, and determined to do so throughout the exchange of words Tyana replied, "And so I have. It will affect the lives of everyone here, but I will give the news when I am ready. Please answer my question."
  Blanche, without losing face could only say, "Of course we have. I will conjure it here........Here it is!"
  "I draw your attention to the very last clause in it - 57b.
  "You don't need to read it, I looked it up this morning and will quote:-

  "Where a fully qualified White on Council business finds a clear case of incompetency in a local Council it is his/her duty to replace or reorganise that Council so that it is in accordance with this Constitution."

  "I so challenge the Kissimmee Council that it is incompetent in that it has consistently discriminated against the original founders of Kissimmee - The American Indian Tribes.
  "This Seal, signed by the leaders of those Councils who sent them to the recent seven yearly convention, is my authority!
  "I further order that a new election be held immediately after I have given the news I bring to elect a new council which may include anyone nominated by the people with the exception of Blanche."
  Blanche was furious, but kept her head, and said to give herself time to think, "We will hear your news before I deal with your impertinence."
  Still with her enhanced voice Tyana related her experiences and deductions, then the action and recommendations of the Camelot Council, reminding everyone that whilst it was not in the true sense a capital, the advice from there had by long tradition always been followed and never found to be wrong."
  She ended by turning to Blanche and her Council and asking,
  "Each of you, please try to think of anyone who has benefitted from the losses of power."
  Returning to the use of the enhanced voice, she then said to all, "It is, therefore, necessary that all with any ability at all, of whatever ancestry, be annexed with familiars today before we move on.
  "I have already annexed Koasati and Freshwater with animals of their choice.
  "You, Blanche, will NOT negate my spell, in fact you will find that you are unable to."
  << Karim, what is the mood of the council - How many are with Blanche? >>
  << The five Whites support her against you, but would replace her with themselves given the chance. The six Golds are heartened by your words and would support you. None of them knows the reason for the theurgen thefts. >>
  "Well, Blanche, are you going to resign with dignity? Or do I have to demonstrate that you have no real power?"
  Blanche was on her feet in an instant, shouting, "I'll show you what my power is. Koasati, Conker, Come here NOW!"
  Receiving a nod from Tyana they did so. Blanche continued with her arms raised as though annexing:-
          "Deelb llahs htob eno tuc erutuf ni
           Deeh lla tel os, nioj won I owt eseht."
  The negation spell had no effect, of course, as Tyana's wording had been different on this occasion and reversing the classic spell as Blanche had done was a waste of effort.
  Koasati smiled, conjured a bouquet of Stinkweed, and gave it to Blanche with a bow. Conker turned his back and deposited a portion of top grade horse manure on her foot. She conjured it away instantly, but the laughter told her that many had seen it. Koasati and his familiar returned to their families.
  "Tyana, I don't know how you managed that, but everyone here knows that I'm the most powerful in Kissimmee! Begone or I will show you what real power is!"
  "Blanche, I will be generous. You see that loaded wagon at the end of your main street, ready to have a team hitched to it?
  "You may have the help of the five Whites on your Council, and starting whenever you like bring it here. The ground is level. All I ask is that you people notice how long it takes them."
  Initially Blanche tried to move it on her own. Then tried with the help of the five with her. It moved slowly a few feet then stopped. Six of the bales floated down and they tried again. This time the wagon trundled down the street taking some four minutes from the start. Blanche looked tired, but happy that Tyana would regret her choice of contest.
  "You forgot these!" said Tyana/Karim, bringing the six bales to the wagon in about two seconds. Another ten seconds and the wagon, again fully loaded, was back where it started.
  "Now we will have that election. It is only tradition, not law, that decrees automatic membership for Whites. I overrule that here. Any White must be nominated by two citizens just like anyone else. I further insist that there is some representation of the Indians, and that you all remember in future that on this world all are equal."
  Blanche's power was broken. The new Council had three of the original Whites who promised to carry out Tyana's wishes to the letter, and who Karim said were sincere. The six Golds were re-elected, plus Susquehanna as Head and Nantichoke, two of the elders who had qualified Bronze under Merlin, then had it negated. From Tyana's assessment of them they would soon qualify Gold, or even White.
	
  Any goods to be transported to Brigadoon were normally set adrift on rafts on the Tallahachi and there was a catching net in Brigadoon. As practice for those redeveloping their skills, Tyana had them conjure for her a raft large enough to carry both herself and Karim in comfort. As she commented to Karim, "We have earned a rest!"
  All of that afternoon and throughout the night they drifted downstream initially across a plain, then through a cutting in a mountain range, and finally when they awoke they were between two ranches and with an interested audience.
  "Hey, Angus, did you ever have a package like that sent down from Kissimmee?"
  "It's not for me, Laddie, Ma wife would kill me!
  "Are ye all right, Ma'am?" Angus called, and at Tyana's request, threw a rope to her so that the raft could be hauled to the side to avoid the indignity of the catching net.
  The welcome in Brigadoon both of Tyana and Karim and of their news was ecstatic. As in Kissimmee the founders had named their village after the one they had left but the Scots had accepted new arrivals and they were thoroughly mixed, just as in Camelot. Only one in five were kilt wearers called McSomething or other.
  Tyana's suspicion that the total of losses adding the numbers from Kissimmee and Brigadoon would be about the same as with her three towns proved to be well founded. Even though they had had their losses last year, before noon that day the whites were busy annexing all who qualified and had advised the old victims that six years would 'cure' them.
  The arrival of anyone new was a good excuse for a musical evening, and Tyana's news was more cause for celebration that usual. During a party with the council members before this started, Tyana was able with Karim's help to confirm that the thieves were not from here.
  After breakfast, consultation with Merlin via Belle obtained approval and backing for their actions so far, especially in her dealing with Blanche. Merlin had been lost for words when told what the Head Witch had done following his departure from Kissimmee on his own visit ten years earlier.
  After lunch they headed due North hoping to cross the Silver River before nightfall then reach and follow the coastline to Eureka during the following morning.
  Within fifty miles they came to a dense forest with trees so closely packed that walking at normal speed was the fastest progress possible, and at Karim's suggestion they retraced their steps to the edge of then skirted it to the West, reaching the coastline in mid afternoon.
  From then on the journey was uneventful as over most of the length of the coast they had a choice between sandy beaches which was Karim's favourite when she discovered the pleasure of galloping in six inches of water, and Tyana's preference of the cliff top with the beautiful view. As night fell they reached the bank of the river and found it about one mile across the estuary with a long detour upstream, possibly to Argentcourt before they could ford it. They conjured camp and slept.
	
THE COUNTER RANCH
  Thomas was also preparing for bed, and said, to his sister's embarrassment, in front of most of the family, "Why do you wait till I'm asleep before you go to visit Uncle Dusty?"
  Amidst laughter all round at their expense, Dusty and Megan looked at each other, and Lindsey took pity on them.
  "No one is asking you if you want to marry yet, you know. If you're happier together than apart, it's up to you. Thomas had a point, and it obviously wouldn't bother him."
  "No, Sis, all it means is that I get my own room."
  Later, Megan found herself able to sleep easily, after a short cuddle and kiss goodnight. She looked forward to a much longer cuddle the next morning, and thought, 'He was right. Thomas and I really are now citizens of Refuge.'
	
THE SOUTH BANK OF THE SILVER RIVER
MIDWAY BETWEEN BRIGADOON AND EUREKA
  Tyana woke and stretched to ease her back muscles strained slightly by sleeping on the ground.
  "I've done no physical exercise since we started, My Love, and I must stay fit, so this morning we'll swim it, but I think a little help is called for or we may be swept out to sea by the flow and end up covering five or six miles."
  Tyana conjured wood and leather flippers for her feet and for Karim's hooves. Her own she made like frog's feet and rigid, but Karim's collapsed on the forward stroke and opened out when pushed back. To her great pleasure they worked well; so well that Karim had to slow down for her to stay alongside.
  << I'll carry you, or tow you, Tyana, if you wish. It would be quicker and little more effort. >>
  << Thank's for the offer, but I really do need the exercise, and I'm enjoying it. >>
  The coastline North of the river was much the same, so even though they had a lunch break it was only mid afternoon as they came to Eureka. This had been founded not by the Greeks, as you might expect, but by Mid Western Americans. The welcome, however, and rejoicing at the news was exactly the same as from the Scots in Brigadoon.
  As with Kissimmee they found that their records showed losses every two years, the most recent being only six months ago. Bill Cassidy (for once there was a male leader of the Council) said, "From what you've told us it seems most likely that we are paired with Drogheda, and you'll find Newport, New Salem, and Abinger as a group, so that somewhere on Refuge, once every six months someone steals this - Theurgen did you call it? We had never realised that a familiar gives immunity.
  "Rest assured that when they come back in eighteen months we'll be ready!"
  << This is Karim, Bill. I don't think you'll have to wait eighteen months. When they find that Midwitch, Argentcourt, and Camelot are closed to them they'll be forced to look elsewhere.
 << It may be here. We're visiting all the towns to warn them and... >>
  "Hello, The Town."
  The traditional cry of the Mail Pony interrupted her.
  "Tyana! What a lovely surprise! What are you doing here? They told me you'd gone to Kissimmee, so we sent their copy and Brigadoon's by slow wagon train."
  Tyana turned to see Randolph, who had qualified Silver when she became Gold, then moved to Midwitch with his brother to join his uncle running the Mail Service.
  "Relax, Randolph. We'll explain later. It's lovely to see you again, but please give Bill here the documents and then you can enjoy the party they're going to throw this evening."
  "I can't! Dad stressed that I mustn't relax until I've told Drogheda, and I promised him I'd get there by the evening of the day after tomorrow. 
  "Why are you laughing?"
  Tyana controlled her giggles and answered, "If you travel with us you'll be in Drogheda by lunch time tomorrow!"
  "That's not possible!"
  "I've already been to both Kissimmee and Brigadoon, Randolph. Trust me! Enjoy the evening."
  A few carefully worded questions, with Karim monitoring the answers cleared this town of suspicion, and Tyana could take her own advice.
  Enjoy it they all did. The Eurekans were very keen on voice as an instrument and there were several Barber Shop Quartets, one of which had Randolph as guest bass for the evening.
  No matter how often Tyana explained that she had not personally 'cured' those who had now recovered they insisted on giving her the credit and when she sang 'One Fine Day' from Puccini's Madame Butterfly they recalled her for no less than four other arias as encores. She finally got away by getting them all singing together.
  << Karim, Darling, you weren't with me in there which is very unusual. >>
  << I was trying to help Scimitar and Rebel with a problem they have. I'm sorry, but I can say no more at present. I've also been chatting with your mother and father through Jet.
  << Megan has settled in well and has been in demand as she's an accomplished healer. She and Dusty are becoming very close which won't surprise you. Thomas has started attending school and loves it. He's already made a close friend and they're working hard and hoping to take their Bronze at the Halloween meeting. Your father, especially, is very proud of the way you handled Blanche. >>
	
  Next morning, shortly after dawn, Tyana and Karim demonstrated their stride multiplying spell and soon Randolph showed that he and Mercury could manage six times.
  Tyana explained, "You'll find that Mercury will be able to gallop for the same length of time as before but he'll cover six times the distance for the same effort. For this morning though, let me handle it, and we'll use a ten times gallop of twenty miles an hour.
  "Since you've used the route before, please lead, but be careful to watch for gopher holes and the like."
  Trade between Eureka and Drogheda was such that they had the luxury of a track cut through the forest and it was only mid morning as they sighted a sign in the form of a Leprechaun holding a board proclaiming 'Drogheda 5 Miles'.
  Cancelling both spells and slowing to a trot, Tyana asked,
  "What in the world is that meant to be?"
  "It's a Leprechaun, what the Irish call one of the little people. As far as we know they never existed, but there are many tales of them and the Irish are proud of them."
  As expected a good old fashioned Gaelic welcome from Michaela O'Connor and the Council awaited the travellers and their news. Also as forecast Eureka and Drogheda had had the expected total of victims biennially.
  "I've got a problem," said Randolph. "If I leave now I can get to Newport before my cousin George. He left at the same time as I did, but he didn't have the advantage of meeting you. My orders were to return home as soon as possible after calling here. What do you think I should do?"
  "There's nothing new for me to learn here, so Karim and I will go on to Newport and wait for him whilst you return and surprise your father."
  After a hearty lunch, therefore, Tyana and Karim were once more travelling at high speed along the coast line. The only difference was that on the Northern shore there was no beach, just a rocky foreshore rising to half a mile of scrub land before reaching anything that could be cultivated. It was, however, ideal for what Tyana wanted and late afternoon found them overlooking Newport.
  For the first time in her life Tyana saw ships, or to be more accurate, fishing boats. She had heard that the fish had increased in the North sufficiently that they could breed faster than they were netted, and looked forward to tasting the meat.
  Unlike the other towns they had visited it was not immediately possible to spot the common ancestry, and it was only after the celebrations at her news, and the hasty convening of the Council to order annexations by the dozen that Karim got it.
  << They are all from a seafaring background! Some from Iceland, from North Eastern England, Alaska, Cornwall, and many other places, but all fishermen. >>
  As with the previous towns the immunity afforded by familiars had not been noted, nor had anyone realised that time 'healed'. Also nobody had gained by the losses.
  The dinner and celebration in Tyana's honour was little different from the others except that fish was served, and she could not help thinking how what started as an exciting adventure had quickly become almost routine.
	
THE COUNTER RANCH
  Almost routine was how Megan was thinking of her nights spent with Dusty, and she was getting a little fed up with it.
  The days were fine. Thomas was so happy and fulfilled learning all the subjects he claimed to hate back in Wales, and of course, Bronze Class, which he never tired of talking about. She herself had had some sort of medical emergency to deal with on each day so far, and had become very popular. Life was great, except for one frustration. Dusty!
  She plucked up courage to speak to his mother about it. 
  "Lindsey, do you mind if I ask something very personal - not about you, but about Dusty? It's the sort of thing I'd normally talk to my best friend about, but - well you see my predicament, don't you?"
  Lindsey smiled as she replied, "I'm flattered that you can think of me in those terms, but I suppose you haven't much choice, have you? I'll answer if I can do it without betraying his confidence."
  "We've been ..." She swallowed, then said in a rush showing how she'd rehearsed it, "We've been sleeping together now for several days as you know, but, believe it or not, that's all it is. He cuddles me, kisses me, then that's it. Goodnight!
  "I really like him, in fact I love him, but that frightens me if he's never going to love me except as a friend."
  "As his mother, all I can say is that I don't want to see Dustine get hurt. Can I tell you in strict confidence that I had the same trouble with Hondo? And that as far as I know Darryl is likely to prove just as much of a problem if he ever finds a girl friend?" 
  "That makes me feel a bit better - - I think! So you won't fall out with me if I try to seduce him a little to see how he feels?"
  "I promise! Just don't get pregnant until you're absolutely sure that you're right for each other. Marriage here, between two people with familiars, is for life; it could be no other way, if you think about it."
  "No worries there. Mother taught me how to rid my body of anything foreign to it when I was only twelve.
  "Good night, and Thanks, - - Mum!"
  Dusty was already in bed filling in his diary, and beginning to wonder where Megan was when she walked in. He looked again when he realised she was still wearing the jeans and shirt she had had on all day. He looked disappointed, which pleased Megan, as he asked, "Aren't you going to join me tonight?"
  "Of course, but I've decided to get ready for bed here for a change."
  "You didn't bring a nightdress. Which one do you want, I'll get it for you."
  Megan slowly unfastened the buttons on the front of the shirt, and leaned forward as she took it off. He could have sworn there had been a bra underneath when she started, but there was certainly not one now, and he found he couldn't keep his eyes off her as she turned away to throw the shirt. 
  She could, of course, have conjured it where she wanted, but that would not have had the same effect on her breasts, that bounced slightly and dragged Dusty's eyes back to them.
  The jeans slowly unzipped and went down next, apparently of their own accord, as Megan remained upright, simply stepping out at the right time.  As with the bra, boots, socks, and panties disappeared. She threw the jeans over to the pile, once again giving him the benefit of the movement. As he watched, all trace of the day's work, from sweat to dirt vanished, and her hair became perfectly groomed as she walked towards the bed.
  "You're ...a...(swallow)..very fast learner.... aren't you?" he managed to say before she reached him.
  Megan didn't answer, but climbed in, conjured his pyjamas to join her clothes in the corner, and before he missed them, embraced him, using her mouth to silence him.
  Her hand went down between them to arouse him if needed, but, to her relief, it wasn't, and he finally got the message that she wanted him as much as he had desired her ever since she'd sat behind him on Ebony the first day.
  He promptly tried to take control, rolling her on to her back, but she stopped him. "Take it easy, Darling. We've got all night! I'm not going anywhere. I'd like a nice long cuddle first." She laid on his left side, close to him as she had before, but this time his left arm she arranged so that the hand could reach her left breast. Dusty instinctively took the nipple between thumb and middle finger and massaged gently.
  "That's more like it, now if only you could find something to do with the other hand....." As she said this her right hand traced a pattern down his waist, traced around his navel, and on down.......
......Some half hour later, he was able to relax and say, "That was my first time. I'm sorry if it disappointed you. All I can say is that I'll try to make up in love for lack of experience."
  "Darling Dusty, I've only done it a few times before, myself, but I wasn't in love then. There was no comparison, but I didn't know that at the time. Loving the person you're with makes all the difference, and,...... I love you!"
  "And I love you! I wanted to, you know, the first night you stayed with me, but I was afraid of losing you. Those other times...who?"
  "Please don't ever ask. I thought I loved him, or I wouldn't have, but after being with you I know it was just passion then."
	
NEWPORT
  Randolph's cousin George was not expected until the day after next, so Tyana went fishing with the fleet next morning, working up an appetite for the evening meal by using muscles she hadn't known existed. She also found that she didn't suffer from what they called 'Sea Sickness', but enjoyed the day.
  She determined that when the current emergency was over she would have to devise a transport system such that the other towns could enjoy fish.
  Karim much preferred dry land and made friends with the local unicorn herd, spending the day recounting her life story. Not one of the herd would have preferred her life to their own, but she would not have exchanged with any of them.
	
  George was easily recognisable as Randolph's cousin. Both were only five feet tall, both under eight stones riding their familiars, Appaloosa ponies. They each had fair hair, wore traditional cowboy outfits and were covered in freckles. It was not surprising that the pony mail service had the reputation of having a girl in every town and two at home.
  Like Randolph, George was Silver and proved able to manage a six times spell. After an evening dancing they retired and set off at dawn for New Salem.
  "Make the most of this dancing," George had said the night before. "You won't get a chance in New Salem."
  Tyana understood why he'd made that comment even before they spoke to one inhabitant. Almost all were in Old Quaker dress, even those tending the fields. On arriving in the town Tyana and George were hustled into a large house in the centre to meet the Council, or 'Elders' as the guide called them.
  Elders was the right word. Only two were less than sixty years old and the eldest looking said abruptly, "Speak your business and be on your way!"
  "I bring news from Came..." began Tyana when interrupted by,
  "Not you, Girl. You speak if spoken to and remember your place.
  "I mean you, Boy, dressed like a cowboy. What do you mean by coming into the town talking to this woman - this - - - - - - Jezebel?"
  Tyana decided to keep quiet for a while and see what she could learn. Not so George.
  "Just who do you think you are, you old fart, talking to Tyana Counter like that. Have you any idea who she is, and what she has already done for the people of Refuge?"
  The two slightly younger men had moved forward intending to seize hold of George as he spoke and then to take him out of the room. Tyana was unsure of what action to take, but not so Karim who was en rapport with her.
  A coil of rope outside snaked into the room, turns of it wrapping round each luckless man before he could reach George, then drew them together so that their heads collided.
  << Thank you, Karim. I'll handle it from now, but let me use your mental voice to speak to the Council. That will be something outside their experience. By the way, from their thoughts - What is a Jezebel? >>
  << A woman of low moral values who dresses to entice men. >>
  << Interesting! >>
  Tyana now addressed the whole Council of Elders in Karim's mental voice enhanced to give them a headache as it was so deafening.
  << ENOUGH! I demand by the authority of this Seal, signed by the leaders of all councils who attended the convention recently, to know what is happening here! First, tell me why you failed to attend yourself. >>
  "We do not involve ourselves in the affairs of others!"
  << Why are there no women on the Council, and by what name do I address your leader? >>
  "My name is Elder Timothy, and there are no women here because we follow the teachings of The Bible. Women prepare food, have children, tend the sick, and keep house. Men provide the sustenances, and make the decisions."
  << I see very few animals. Do you have no familiars? >>
  "Animals belong on the farm. We use our magic powers for the common good. We do not believe in the practice of Witchcraft. That was what caused the trouble in Old Salem."
  Tyana could see that this would take too long and said, "I need a few moments to think."
  << Karim, please learn what's going on here. How is the town run? Are the people happy? You know the questions!" >>
  Tyana turned to George and said, "If you prefer, George, I can handle this alone. Would you rather join Quicksilver?"
  "No thanks. Much as I love him, I wouldn't miss what's to come here for anything."
  The Elder could remain silent no longer. "And just what, if anything, do you think is going to happen, Young Man?
  "And will you please release my guards?"
  "For your information I did nothing to your guards. That was Tyana. She's probably the most powerful witch ever born and I advise very strongly against annoying her again."
  Whilst this exchange had been taking place Karim advised Tyana that soon after the foundation of New Salem a 'preacher' whatever one of those might be got control of the council and persuaded the women on it to resign. Henceforth only men were elected. Women had no rights, even of education. It was surprising that this had been kept from Merlin when he visited here ten years ago.
  As far as Karim could tell the people were content, rather than happy, as they'd never known anything else. Tyana continued in Karim's voice:-
  << What have you done with your copy of the constitution at Abinger? >>
  "We did not like it, so it's filed away in the archives."
  << When I visited Kissimmee I found that the American Indians had no rights, and were servants of the ruling White class. What do you think of that? >>
  "I think it is disgusting. In God's eyes all are created equal!"
  << You hypocrite! You and your fellows are treating women here just as the Whites treated the Indians there, and I will not stand for it. I will quote the relevant passage, as I had to do to them. Clause 57b states:-

  "Where a fully qualified White on Council business finds a clear case of incompetency in a local Council it is his/her duty to replace or reorganise that Council so that it is in accordance with this Constitution."

  << I hereby declare the New Salem Council incompetent to govern and insist on elections in ten days time, when people have had time to be taught the true facts of life on Refuge.
  << Haven't you noticed that every two years some of your number lose their ability to use magic? >>
  "Yes! It is God's will."
  << Rubbish. It's the result of activities of thieves who literally rob the people of their ability by removing from their skulls a liquid we call Theurgen. Will you please call a meeting of all the people for late afternoon tomorrow in the square, and I do mean all the people, women as well? >>
  "As we seem to have no choice, I will, but will you please release my guards? Four of us have been trying continually since you bound them, yet you have held them and carried on the conversation as though making no effort at all. How is that possible?
  "And how do you manage to speak so loudly to each of us without even opening your mouth?"
  Tyana pointed at the rope, which immediately relaxed. She then smiled and answered, "You have been on this world only just over one hundred years and have wasted most of that because of your prejudice against women. We in Camelot have been improving our magical skills for well over one thousand years.
  "The possession of a familiar at least doubles one's power as well as giving a partner of equal intelligence and best friend for life, yet you have none. You know we have a grading system from Bronze to White?"
  They all nodded.
  "Well it may surprise you to know that any Bronze from Camelot could have held that rope tight against the puny efforts you were making to free it. Were there really four of you trying?
  "As for the speaking that is something you will never be able to do. It's only possible when one has a unicorn as a familiar, and no unicorn would ever bond with a bigot.
  "I or another White from Abinger will see you again tomorrow at three in the afternoon."
  As she walked from the room to join Karim she found that her partner had been busy. << I've contacted Merlin through my dame and told him of the situation here. Fortunately he had gone to Abinger, so I propose we join him, and arrange a deputation to come here in time for the meeting. >>
  Tyana agreed, they said their farewells to George, and by late afternoon they were in Abinger.
  As soon as she and Karim had eaten Merlin hustled Tyana into the Council Chamber and introduced Electra and her fellow members. Electra handed the Chair to Merlin as, whilst a full White as were four other members of the Council, they were all essentially historians, interested more in events past than in influencing the future. Merlin opened the discussion.
  "We have a serious situation in New Salem, and I am sorry to say that it is partly my fault. If I had been as observant as Tyana ten years ago we would not now have a town of eight hundred inhabitants most of whom are vulnerable as they have no familiars.
  "I now understand why the population there has not been growing as it does elsewhere. As soon as possible anyone with spirit leaves it. But we must do what we can.
  "There are two separate problems. Tyana has called an election for ten days time and before then we must ensure that all, and especially the women, know more about life on Refuge than they do now. Also we need to annex those able before it's too late.
  The first item is easy enough. Tyana has just come down from New Salem in less than three hours and can teach us to travel at the same speed. I need at least ten teachers who have horses as familiars. Electra, please arrange that they be available at ten tomorrow morning.
  "Tyana, you and I must organise the animals to be ready after the election, and we will meet to discuss it later.
  "One final item; the situation Tyana found at Kissimmee, and the one at New Salem, must never occur again. There was discrimination on Earth. That must not happen here again. The Pony Mail Service must watch for signs in future and advise us before it is too late.
  "Also we will need every available White in New Salem in ten days time for annexation duty. Tyana and I will arrange that."
	
  Three Silvers, four Golds, and three of the Whites on the Council were waiting on fine looking horses when Tyana arrived at ten. They were definitely in luck as eight of them were men, which would help, given the circumstances prevailing in New Salem.
  Tyana and Karim first gained their attention by trotting away out of sight, then galloping back through the square at close to three hundred miles an hour. Returning at a more leisurely pace, Tyana explained the principle, demonstrated again with a ten times spell at a slower speed, then invited them to try, cautioning them to watch carefully for holes and ruts.
  Merlin arrived in time to advise on tactics and the ten left, expecting to arrive by lunch time and start work immediately they had introduced themselves at the meeting Tyana had arranged.
  "Now for our own contribution," said Merlin. "We should need at least six hundred familiars, maybe more, and I confess that I have no ideas at all. Have either of you?"
  << There's only one way, given such a short time, >> said Karim.
  << I must recruit the aid of the local unicorn herd, and the ones near Newport and Drogheda, to 'speak' to the nearby wild ponies and any wild creatures from foxes to squirrels, and sparrows to eagles. Any breeders of domestic pets from Newport or here can also help. I will address their animals myself. >>
  Much as she wanted to be involved, Tyana agreed that Karim would be more effective alone and, after making sure that the local warehouses were well stocked with grain and linen, she watched as her best friend galloped off alone. This was the first time they had been apart in ten years and she was not looking forward to it.
  << Don't be silly! We will still be able to speak to each other, and I may well need your advice. >>
  Arriving at the nearest herd, Karim explained the situation to Caliph, the herd stallion, who was unconvinced of the advantages to any animal of giving up liberty to be a familiar.
  After requesting him to keep the knowledge of her ability secret, Karim presented Caliph and his favourite mare with grain filled feed bags then, when they had had their fill, conjured them away and showed her multiplication of stride length ability.   << In addition to that, any familiar lives the full human length of almost a century, only ageing as the human does. He also gains human intelligence and is definitely not just a pet.
  << That I am here now alone is proof of that. I feel just as strongly as my partner Tyana the White Witch that we should stop the thefts of theurgen. I ask you to 
help. >>
  The same argument she repeated to Bullitt near Newport and Pegasus near Drogheda. She was assured that before the ten days were up every available animal would make its way to New Salem. She then, through Michaela O'Connor's familiar, a horse called Sheelagh, presenting it as a message from Tyana, arranged that they would immediately send any Whites they could spare, collecting others from Newport on the way.
  Tyana meanwhile had little to do except ensure that the record keepers had full account of her adventures to date. Merlin and Belle visited home, Midwitch, and Argentcourt to request the attendance of Whites at New Salem. Karim returned on the morning of the eighth day, and Merlin in the afternoon.
  After lunch on the ninth day, having compared notes and congratulated Karim repeatedly on her achievements they set off for New Salem.
  << I still insist that nobody must know that I am more than a familiar, steed, and messenger for Tyana, >> said Karim to her companions. << I can't explain why. Please humour me - all the credit goes to the humans for now. We don't know who we are up against, or if any of them live permanently amongst us. >>
	
NEW SALEM
  The ten teachers had made good use of their time and ten women candidates had been proposed as well as twelve men. They had all been made aware of the need for familiars and a total of six hundred and thirty seemed to the teachers to be worthy of them. The election proceeded more smoothly than had the one at Kissimmee and the new Council, headed by Magdalena, a widow in her forties, immediately deputised Merlin to handle the annexations.
  Karim's friends had done well, and there were well over six hundred assorted ponies, horses, rabbits, cats, a few dogs, a fox, forty squirrels, a whole hatching of eaglets, and many, many smaller birds, all patiently waiting outside the town.
 As requested by Merlin, Tyana used Karim's mental voice to explain what would happen.
  << This is to be a partnership for life. Only if you really love horses should you consider one of them. Looking after one, even with magic to aid you, is hard work. This applies to a lesser degree to dogs.
  << If you merely want the protection and friendship annexation brings without the demands on your time, do not be embarrassed. Go and make friends with a cat, a bird, or one of the others who is self sufficient. Whoever you choose you must instinctively like, so don't force yourself to select what you feel is 'right' for the wrong reason. I cannot stress too strongly that there will be no second choice.
  << There are forty five qualified Whites around the town. They have come to help from Camelot, Midwitch, Argentcourt, Drogheda, Newport, and Abinger. Go with your new partner to any one of us, and be prepared for the most fulfilling experience of your life. Only afterwards should anyone return to the town.
  << Please remember - - You are not acquiring a pet. He or she will be as intelligent as the average human, and your first job will be to agree a name with them.
  << I wish you luck! >>
  Tyana and Merlin went to join their fellow Whites, and Karim wandered around helping some to choose.
  At the end of the day New Salem, like the other nine towns, was as well protected as could be arranged. The few animals left unpaired were assured by Karim that they would be the first choice of the next qualifiers if they remained in the area.
  The most interesting ceremony Tyana performed was for Magdalena with a fox, a vixen who had lost her cubs and her mate to wolves. As she explained to her friends on the way back home,
  "She will never be outmanoeuvred in Council with Tess for a partner. Karim has spoken to her and she's every bit as crafty as foxes are reputed to be."
	
  Arriving back in Camelot, Merlin thanked Belle for her work, then announced his intention of rearranging his workshop to be more like one he had seen in Abinger. 
  Tyana stopped briefly to call in a debt. "I have a favour to ask, Nasom. Please keep a lookout for strangers, but be careful not to warn them. Just think, or speak 'KARIM,' and you'll be in touch with me through her. You don't need to speak, just look at them and think about them. We want to follow any thieves who come, but first we have to find them."
  "After what you did for me, it will be a pleasure," he replied.
  Belle headed off to join Zoltan after escorting Tyana and Karim home, and a relaxed musical evening followed the hugs, kisses, and congratulations on a job well done.
	
THE COUNTER RANCH
  During the next morning a messenger arrived with three horses. He'd been riding since dawn, using the three as a string, Indian style. His wife had gone into labour during the night and the baby was presented wrongly, buttocks coming first.
  The poor man had to be restrained from starting straight back and only believed that he could never keep up with Megan when he saw her gallop off at at least two hundred miles an hour. James, as they learned was his name, had brought his own familiar Tom, his wife's Sherry, who naturally would do anything to help, and their best friend's Victory.
  Lindsey took charge of James, whilst Darryl, Dusty, and Tyana, with Thomas watching every move Dusty made, attended the horses. Karim praised them for their efforts and explained how Megan had done what they had just seen.
  Later, when rested, James and his four legged friends set off more gently for home.
  Only a few minutes afterwards Hawka, Shaena's falcon, arrived and, through Karim, explained that Megan was needed in Camelot as Merlin was injured.
  << We must go ourselves! >> Karim said. << I can ask Megan what to do when we get there. >>
  They had never made the trip to Camelot more quickly.
	CHAPTER SIX

CHICAGO, U.S.A., EARTH, 1990
  Detective Sergeant Marcus Samuels was once again being teased unmercifully by his colleagues in the Squad Room. The most vocal of them all was Marcus's new partner, Billy Johns, the oldest Detective First Class on the force, forty, and well known for not wanting promotion. He had never even applied to sit the Sergeants' Examinations.
  "You must be the luckiest son of a bitch in the force, Mark. We start chasing a 1990 Jaguar XJS in our Chevrolet Monza heap, and what happens?  The Jag breaks down, that's what happens! And if that ain't enough the passenger starts takin' pot shots at you and his gun jams. With that sort of luck on your side it's no wonder you're the youngest sergeant here.
  "What I don't understand is why your last partner quit."
  "Didn't they tell you when you applied to join me?"
  "Just some cock-a-mamy story about he didn't have no death wish, and you needed one to work with you. What's the real reason?"
  Marcus wondered how much to tell his partner, and in the end though it had to be the truth, if not the whole truth.
  "I've been treading on too many toes in the Mafia, Billy. I'm due to be a witness at a Grand Jury hearing next Monday and there's a contract out on me. I'm apparently worth $25,000 to them dead. Frank just lost his nerve."
  "Have they tried yet?"
  "Only once, so far, unless that Jag was a second try.
  "Now you know, do you want 'out'?"
  It was to Billy's credit that he didn't even have to think before saying, "With your luck I reckon I'm safe enough if what I saw this morning was a sample of it."
  "I hate to change the subject, Billy, but with the paperwork finished, why are we still here?"
  Like any law enforcement officer anywhere in the U.S.A. they had a caseload such that they often felt like shuffling them and dealing with the one on top.
  "The Bailey case. Take us to the Airport, I want to lean on his brother. He's due to arrive at 2.30."
  Billy was the type of man who entered a railway carriage and had everyone talking by the first station but in the morning he'd had no luck pumping his new senior partner, so, of course, he tried again.
  "Say, Boss, with a contract out on you, what about your wife and kids? Are they being looked after?"
  "You never give up, do you? All right. If we're to work together you may as well know.
  "I'm twenty four, single, unattached, and my only close living relative is my mother, who was English as you can tell from my accent, and who lives in New York under her maiden name.
  "So if they want to get at me through someone, I guess that someone will be you. That's the reason Frank quit, and nobody's going to think less of you if you change your mind now you know."
  Billy swung on to Lakeshore Drive Northbound while he digested this then said,
  "What the Hell, now it's your turn to learn something.
  "My kid sister died last year. O.D'd on H. She was all I had. I just go from day to day looking for a chance to kill some of the bastards. One day if I'm real lucky I'll get to meet the pusher who got her on it, then his supplier, then his, until one of them gets me. I got nothin' to lose."
  "That can't be why you've never gone for promotion if it only happened last year. What's the story there?"
  "My old man was a beat cop till the day he retired. I never wanted anything else but to follow him, but times change. As a detective I get to do something about the scum......Anyway, if I went for promotion I'd get deskbound at my age for sure!
  "Traffic's bad. O.K. if I cut on to the Stevenson Expressway then use Kennedy to go North?"
  "Sure, you're the driver, just get us there by 2.15."
  Having no more problems they were pulling into the short term parking lot at 2.10 when Billy saw trouble ahead. Two men were busy cleaning a car. Another next to them had the hood up and was working on his engine. Opposite the car cleaners two panel vans were side by side with the back doors towards the access road.
 "I see it, too," said Marcus."Stop before you reach them and take cover your side."
  Billy expected Marcus to leave by his door and dive for cover as well, but instead he just walked towards what looked like a well laid gun trap. He didn't even draw his weapon.
  Before Billy could decide what to do the doors of the vans burst open and from each appeared the muzzle of a light machine gun.
  Billy would swear afterwards that Marcus's hand never moved near his holster but his Colt Commander was pointing at the nearest gun even as the doors hit the stops. Three shots at that one, then three at the next whilst rolling to his Right, ending facing the car cleaning pair who found themselves looking into the muzzle of the big automatic even as they reached inside their jackets.
  Billy rushed up to cover the man with the hood up but he was lying on the ground having dropped at the first shot. 'The poor guy really was trying to fix his car' he thought then rushed to the vans with his gun still drawn to find two men, each with two bullet wounds, one in each arm, and in front of each of them a gun with a smashed breech.
  "Looks like someone guessed I'd want to see Bailey," said Marcus. "You take over here. You'll want an ambulance for the two in the vans, but find out which hospital - I want to see them later. Keep the car. I'll see you tomorrow morning."
  "Sure thing, Boss, but just before you go - what sort of holster do you use?"
  Marcus held his jacket aside to reveal a Cooper Bianchi spring loaded shoulder holster obviously tailored to fit the big Colt. Then without another word he walked across to the arrival terminal as the uniformed officers arrived, called by Security when they heard the gunfire. After identifying himself, Billy said, "I ain't never seen nothin' like it. He took out both machine guns in less than a second, and look at the wounds. Four of them, each bad enough to make the arm useless, but no bone damage, and two shots to ruin the guns, the second one whilst he was rolling.
  "They nickname him 'Lucky' but that don't begin to explain it. It was just magic!"
   Although he put it all in his report the details were simply not believed, and Marcus was destined not to be around to be questioned.
  Meanwhile Marcus met Charles Bailey, who he suspected was the brains behind the local Mafia family his brother worked for and simply asked for a lift back to town.
  Bailey's car was no surprise, a 'stretched' Cadillac limousine and his chauffeur was an ex racing driver turned movie stunt man Marcus recognised from his photographs. He commented on it, and Bailey replied, "I've got almost as many enemies as you have, Mr. Samuels. Jim also tuned the engine and this is one place we can both feel really safe.
  "Conrad Hilton on Michigan please, Jim, then take Sergeant Samuels wherever he wishes. You're free then. I'll take a cab home."
  Not really expecting to get any information, Marcus still felt he had to try.
  "What do you know about the price on my head?"
  "I know someone thinks you're worth $25,000 dead. I think every crook and businessman in Chicago knows that much, but I've no idea who placed the order. I don't think I'd tell you if I did. You've been a nuisance to quite a few of my clients."
  Half and hour's question an answer like that got Marcus nowhere and he allowed Bailey to leave.
  "Two blocks further turn right on to Van Buren then drop me at the corner of La Salle St." he said to Jim.
  Jim took no notice, but touched a switch which closed the privacy panel behind his seat and locked the doors and windows at the same time. He set off with screaming tyres towards the lifting bridge over the Chicago river. The bridge was starting to rise when Jim pulled out of the waiting line, headed for it, opened a hand throttle, and jumped clear.
  Instead of trying to break the glass, as one might expect, Marcus concentrated on the small cabin from which the bridge was operated, visualising the area behind the operator.
  Suddenly the car was empty.
	

  Marcus woke to find himself lying by the side of a cart track in the country. The sun was shining and it looked as though it was early morning. He felt fitter than he'd felt for weeks which puzzled him, but not as much as turning over to find his mother asleep by his side.
  Like him she was fully dressed and looked as though she was about to go riding. That in itself was no surprise as at this time in the morning that was what she would normally be doing.
  The white jodhpurs, white shirt, black boots, hat, and jacket were just how she normally dressed. She even had a short crop.
  But what the Hell was she doing here instead of being in New York? Come to that, what was he doing here instead of being in Chicago? And where was 'here' anyway?
  Before waking her he checked himself out. He was still wearing the suit, shirt, tie, shoes and socks he started out with but no wallet, Police I.D., holster, gun, keys, loose change. In fact literally nothing but the clothes he was wearing. Even his wristwatch, a quartz L.C.D. one worth only four dollars had gone.
  He stood up and looked around. Half a mile away was what looked like a town behind a twenty foot wall. The cart track led to a large open pair of gates in the wall. On a hill in the centre of the town was a typical English looking castle.
  All there was to see in other directions was open rangeland with lush green grass, a few hills and trees that looked a lot like Oak from a distance. About five miles away on another hill he thought he could see another castle but he couldn't be sure.
  The cart track just disappeared over a small rise in the ground about a mile away. He couldn't see which way it flowed from where he was, but a river ran very close to the town, if not through it.
  There was no sign or sound of any vehicle or aircraft, something he couldn't understand when only half a mile from a town, even one in the sticks like this obviously was.
  "Where are we, Marcus? How did we get here? And what do you mean interrupting my morning ride to kidnap your own mother?"
  She had wakened and it took over half an hour of comparing notes before each was convinced that the other knew nothin about either where they were, or how they got there.
  "I suggest we walk to that town, Mom!" he said pointing. "Maybe we'll get some answers there."
  "You know I hate that expression 'Mom'. It's so.. so.. American. Call me Laura please from now on. These boots are ideal for walking, so let's go."
  They started towards the gates in the wall, and as they got nearer they saw a man pointing towards them and obviously calling his neighbours. By the time they got to the wall a small crowd had gathered. One of the largest men shouted, "Keep your thieving ways to yourself. We want no strangers here!"
  Marcus decided to ignore the accusation and said, "Where is this, please? My mother and I are lost."
  "We've had people say they were lost before, and suffered for it. Go away if you know what's good for you!"
  Although only one man had spoken, the mutterings of the other twenty or so made it obvious that he spoke for all of them.
  Laura tried a different approach. "Will you please take us to your Mayor, or whatever leader you have, and at least tell us the name of this town. We really are lost!
  "We are also both hungry and thirsty, but neither of us has any money. Can you please help?"
  Again the large man, who seemed to have elected himself spokesman was the one who answered, "As I'm sure you know only too well the town is Camelot, and there'll be no more of your victims here. We're wise to you now, and wherever you come from, you'd best get back there."
  Marcus tried yet another approach.
  "By now the police forces of Chicago and New York will be searching for us, and will most likely have called in the F.B.I.. What do you say to that?"
  "I don't know what a police force is. I've never heard of Chicago or New York, and I don't know what F.B.I. stands for. ... ... ... That's what I've got to say to that!
  "Now, for the last time, clear off away from Camelot or there'll be the first pair of hangings here for centuries."
  "Marcus! Look behind us!" shouted Laura.
  Marcus did as asked and couldn't believe his eyes. A white horse and rider were approaching, but what made him doubt his eyes was that they were travelling at well over two hundred miles an hour.
  "Mistress Tyana!" shouted the large man as the girl slowed her mount to a normal walk. "They claim to be lost just like the ones who got my niece Crystal who you cured only last month."
  Marcus had, of course, not taken his eyes off the speaker except for that glance at the approaching rider, especially after his threat of hanging. Laura had had time to study the new arrival.
  "Marcus," she called, "you're not going to believe this. You know that horse that was doing about two hundred miles an hour just now ...... well ... it's a unicorn!
  "Wherever we are, it's not on Earth! I think you'd better turn to see this."
  Marcus turned and slowly relaxed his Karate stance as he took in what he saw. His mother was right, it was a unicorn, so she must be right about Earth as well. He looked at the rider and fell in love for the first time in his life. She looked about four inches shorter than him, had long black hair that had always been his favourite, blue eyes and a flawless complexion.
  Even though she wore white trousers and blouse he could tell she had not an ounce of surplus fat; just enough to shape her about 36-24-36, and very long in the leg.
  His mother recovered first. 
  "Close your mouth, Dear, your tongue's hanging out!
  "I apologise for my son, though I can understand his reaction as you are probably the most beautiful girl he's ever seen.
 "You're also the first to arrive at two hundred miles an hour on a unicorn.
  "My name's Laura, and this is my son Marcus. Can you help us?. We arrived here about two hours ago and have no idea why these people are so angry. We've done nothing to deserve it, I promise you."
  "Where were you before you arrived here?" asked Tyana.
  "I was in New York, my son was in Chicago, both in the United States of America, ....... on Earth. Where are we now?"
  << Karim? >>
  << The simple truth. They've accepted Refuge far more quickly than Megan and Thomas did. >>
  Tyana turned to the crowd and in particular to the man who had been spokesman saying, "They tell the truth, Joseph. Give them food and drink. Do you not remember what you were told at school to say to new arrivals?
  "They will stay at the ranch with us but I must attend to Merlin first. That's why I'm here. Megan has had to go to Midwitch to attend a difficult childbirth. Where is he, and how bad is the injury?"
  Another man stepped forward. "We left him in his own rooms, Mistress Tyana. A large section of roof fell on him, crushing his right arm. He was alone and didn't see it coming. It was a chance in a million, but he's sure it was an accident.
  "Can you do anything, though? Megan may have been here only a month but we had no healer the like of her until she arrived."
  Laura tapped Tyana on the leg to get attention, saying, "I don't know what you mean by a healer, but I've had twenty years' experience of nursing. Maybe I can help. I'll worry about where we are later!"
  << She's only telling you half the story, Tyana. She's a healer herself but has been forced to pretend otherwise on Earth, just like Megan. Trust her! >>
  "Explanations later, Laura. You obviously ride from the way you're dressed. Mount Karim. She'll tell you a few things as you go. Just hold on to her mane. You don't need reins!
  "Karim, get her to Merlin as fast as you can."
  Even though it was only three quarters of a mile to Merlin's cave, Karim did just what she had been asked, leaving little time for her to do more than say, << Welcome to Refuge, and to Camelot, Laura. My name is Karim. If you wish to speak to me then just think my name wherever you are.
  << Here we are at Merlin's. Go straight in. I've told his servants you're 
coming. >>
  Going through the double doors Laura found herself in a large library with a desk on one side, and a laboratory bench on the other. A woman beckoned her from another door and she went through to find an old man in obvious agony on the bed. On the headboard of the bed was an owl looking very sorry for itself.
  She quickly ascertained that the humerus was broken in two places and there was some tearing of the triceps. Her first act was to lay both hands gently on the arm, close her eyes, and take away the pain. She had no idea how she did it, but had always had the ability. It had got her into trouble more than once.
  The man smiled at her, no longer looking quite so old, and said, "Thank you, My Dear. Karim tells me you're new to Camelot, and about the welcome you've had from some of the people. I apologise on their behalf.
  "What can you do now? What do you need? I'm afraid we have very little experience of broken bones. In all my fifty five years of life I've never seen even one case."
  "What raw materials are there to hand? It's obvious you have no plastics. Have you plaster and bandages?
  << Karim ................ KARIM! >>
  << I'm here, I heard you the first time. What can I do? >>
  << Are you allowed in here? >>
  << Of course I am. Merlin is one of my best friends. I'm coming. How can I 
help? >>
  Laura thought about it until Karim appeared then said, "If I visualise what I need to treat Merlin, can you get Tyana or someone to bring the nearest equivalent you have in Camelot?"
  << I can do better than that. If you visualise what you want I will tell Shaena, the lady who's just come in, and what you need will be in your hand instantly. >>
  Trusting Karim to be as good as her word, whilst not understanding how this could be possible, Laura carefully reduced the fractures as well as she was able by touch, thought of a shaped wooden splint in mahogany contoured to fit the back of Merlin's arm and a beautiful woman she assumed to be Shaena handed it to her, just like that.
  Next came bandages and plaster of Paris, a bowl and water, all arriving on a table Shaena thoughtfully included in the list and within five minutes the job was done, just as Tyana and Marcus walked in through the door.
  "Laura, you have just earned the gratitude of all the people in Camelot, and ensured yourself of welcome and friendship wherever you go. Let me introduce you to Shaena, the Head of Camelot Council, and to Merlin, The President of The World Council of Leaders.
  "Shaena and Merlin, I present Laura, who arrived with her son Marcus just over two hours ago."
  Shaena had tears in her eyes as she welcomed Laura and Marcus and thanked her for what she'd done. Merlin had fallen asleep, as had Archimedes who had, of course, suffered as much as Merlin.
  Shaena called Tyana to one side and said, "There's less than a week until we expect a visit from the Theurgen thieves. Laura must be protected. She may be even more talented than Megan; can I leave it to you? I don't want to leave Merlin.
  "What of her son, Marcus - has he any latent ability?"
  "We don't know yet! I've already asked Karim to have Jet arrange for the coach to be sent, and we'll look after them at the ranch for the next week. If I can't pair them in time they will never be left without at least Silver cover even for a moment."
  Laura promised to return to check on Merlin the next day but assured Shaena that rest was now all that he needed.
  The coach arrived, driven by Darryl, pulled by the four matching greys and his own Timber trotting alongside. During the trip to the ranch he told Laura and Marcus as much as he could about life on Refuge, in particular about the universal use of magic to replace hard work and of the equally universal lack of machinery, mainly because it was unnecessary. Tyana and Karim meanwhile were racing ahead home.
  He told them of the unfortunate people who had lost their powers, of Tyana's deductions, and the need for pairing Laura with a familiar as soon as it could be done.
  "As a healer," he said, "there is only one choice, really, and that's a horse. I don't have to ask if you like riding dressed like that. We have several mares at the ranch. When you find one you like, Karim will ask if she is willing, then Tyana will annex you. You will be telepathically linked to your best friend for life. That friend will have human intelligence and will live as long as you do. It's the most marvellous experience you will ever have."
  Leaving Laura digesting all this he turned to her son.
  "Now, what of you, Marcus? Which of you had their life in danger when you left Earth - you or Laura?"
  Marcus hesitated only a moment before replying, "There's no harm in Laura knowing now, as the danger is back on Earth, but there were three, possibly four, attempts to kill me, two of them on the day I left."
  "That tells us," said Darryl, "that you must have shown some use of magic back on Earth to draw attention to yourself.
  "Laura would have been brought here eventually because of her healing talent but not until she was in danger or you'd been killed. The Old Ones don't like splitting up families. That she was brought at this particular time tells us that it was to save you. Exactly what were you doing the last memory you have?"
  Marcus explained about the attempts on his life, having some difficulty with the concepts of handguns and cars. When he got to the part about attempting to teleport himself to the small cabin used to operate the bridge Darryl stopped the carriage and said, "You mean like conjuring, but moving yourself from inside a carriage to inside a building?"
  "Yes! There was no alternative. I'd done it before and managed it but not over such a great distance."
  "Just wait till my sister hears about that. Maybe she isn't the most powerful witch on Refuge after all."
  "What do you mean, 'Witch'?" asked Marcus. "I think she's the most beautiful girl I've ever seen."
  The confusion in terms was soon explained, as was the classification Bronze to White and how progression was achieved. Darryl glowed with pride as he recounted the trial of two Whites against Tyana that she had won. "But," he finished, "even she has never attempted what you just said you've done." He started the coach again and then continued, "It's always been thought that any attempt to conjure with one's own body or that of another person would result in death. I can't quote examples, but I'm sure there must have been instances where people died or we wouldn't believe that to be the case."
  Laura had gone to sleep, a normal reaction after a healing session and was wakened to get her first impression of what was to become, at least temporarily, her new home.
  "It's like something from a fairy tale," she said, "especially with two unicorns and riders to welcome us."
  Hondo, Lindsey, and Tyana had been busy and the ranch house had an extra wing Darryl had not seen before. Taking Laura by the hand, Tyana took her into it to furnish it to her liking and equip her and Marcus with full wardrobes of clothes while Darryl introduced Marcus to his parents, Timber, Trigger, Lightning, Jet, and Thomas. He then told everyone of Laura's treatment of Merlin. Dusty was out on the range with Ebony, and would meet them for dinner.
  After lunch Darryl and Hondo took Laura out to the paddock where every available mare had been assembled for her inspection.
A palomino caught her eye at once and she went up to her to make friends, handling her gently as her mouth seemed sore.
  "What's her name?" she asked Hondo.
  "She doesn't have one yet, she just wandered into our herd on the range this morning and I brought her in.  I know she doesn't belong to either of our neighbours, so if you like her she's yours.  Whether she would be your familiar is another matter.  With animals as intelligent as horses and dogs they are always given the choice.  If you like I'll get Karim to ask her."
  "Yes, please.  She's just like my Princess at home - my old home that is."
  Karim was called to explain to the palomino what was proposed and what the benefits and disadvantages to her would be.
  She was happy to be called Princess and explained that she had run away from a trader from the coast who had used a ghost cord on her.  Yes, she would love to be a familiar for the lovely lady who made her mouth feel better just by touching it.
  Karim called Tyana who performed the ceremony watched very closely by Marcus who had never seen his mother so emotional as she was when it was over and she threw her arms around Princess's neck and wept with joy.
  << Tyana, you were right when you said I'd be the first to know. >>
  << I don't know what you mean! >>
  << Yes you do!  Marcus, of course, the man you are going to marry!  There can be no secrets from a telepath, My Darling Tyana.  You're as attracted to him as he is to you.  You just haven't admitted it to yourself yet. >>
  Darryl came over to join Tyana and Karim looking like the proverbial cat who got the cream.  "It's great to know something you don't for once," he said.  "I've been dying to tell you since we got home, and I can't wait any longer."
  Tyana was still keeping secret the joint ability she and her partner had so although tempted to have Karim "read" the information she decided to let him have his moment.  "And what is that, my wise and handsome brother?"
  "Nothing much!  Marcus may turn out to be even more powerful than you, that's all."
  Few things could have shocked her more than that simple statement but she stayed calm and answered, "I never claimed to be the most powerful.  That's what others said, not I.  Now -- explain, please!"
  Darryl re-told the story of Marcus's last hour on Earth leaving the teleporting to the end.  "And that's not all," he said.  "He claims to have done it before although not over such a long distance."
  Karim gave Tyana time to think by saying to them both,
  << The sooner that young man is tested the better.  I question that the ability to conjure himself from place to place necessarily makes him more powerful than you, but he would certainly make a useful addition to our side if we ever find who to 
fight. >>
  Darryl went back to groom Timber, and Tyana said to Karim,
  "We're going to have to get him a familiar too.  He may be even more valuable than Laura.  The way she looked after Merlin made us give her priority.  Perhaps we shouldn't have."
  << From the little I know already of Marcus he would have insisted that Laura be first.  In any case I already know who is to be Marcus's partner.  There's only one choice, and I made it as soon as I heard Darryl's story, or rather when he thought about it on the way over to tell us. >>
  Press though she did, Tyana could get her to say no more on the subject.
  Dusty arrived home, hungry as he had not stopped for lunch, and his first question was, "How did Megan get on?  Is she back yet?"  This was followed very quickly by, "Whose is the palomino standing by Timber?"
  By the time he had been brought up to date it was time for dinner, soon after which an exhausted Megan arrived back.
  So tired was she that she allowed Dusty to tend to Bess for her and she promptly collapsed into Lindsey's arms.
  "Whatever is the matter, Megan?  Did you lose one of them?"
  "No, but I could have and I might have caused damage to the baby.  I just don't know what to do."
  "First, say 'Hello' to Marcus.  He arrived today from Chicago ... ... I expect you've heard of it?  Next I want you to relax in the bath I've prepared and tell Marcus's mother, Laura here, all about it.  She's a healer too.  We were lucky to have her here today as Merlin was injured and she saved his arm."
  "Is he alright now?  How did it happen?  I can have my bath later, I must first go and see if he needs me!"
  Lindsey took hold of her and kept her still. "Honestly, Megan, he's fine.  He's not in any pain and Laura will tell you all about it."
  Megan allowed herself to be led to the bath and relaxed.
  "I nearly lost him," she said to Laura.  "I could've killed him."
  "Easy, Megan, start at the beginning.  I believe it was a breech presentation?"
  "I got to James and Sarah's ranch and found her mother looking after her.  As James said, it was a breech, and I've never even attended a normal birth.
  "As I arrived, the buttocks and legs emerged and Sarah's mother started pulling at the ankles.  I screamed at her to stop, and I ran across.
  "First I laid my hands on Sarah to relieve the pain she was in, and conjured myself a tube so that I could listen to the baby's heart.  It seemed alright, but with the chest compressed and head still inside, he hadn't started breathing, and I was worried that the cord might be pinched where the head or shoulders were stuck."
  "Yes, what happens is that the head can't get through the cervix as the baby's bottom doesn't dilate it enough.  What did you do?"
  "I just helped her try to relax between contractions and hoped that things would be alright.  Half an hour later there was no change in position, but he was slowly turning blue.
  "I wished, and wished, that I could get his head free, and there he was in my hands."
  Megan started to sob again as she remembered how scared she had been.
  "There, there, Darling.  It's alright!  Just take your time and tell me what happened next."
  Megan took a deep breath and continued,
  "I held him by the ankles, one slap started him breathing and his colour quickly recovered.  Sarah's mother was delighted, and asked if she could assist now.  I let her take over, but it wasn't until I was sitting down that the full significance of what I'd done dawned on me.  Sarah's mother obviously thought that what I did was deliberate, and I'm ashamed to say that I was so stunned that I didn't let on that I'd done it by accident."
  "I'm sorry.  I just don't understand what you think you did wrong."
  Megan started sobbing again, swallowed, then almost whispered, 
  "I conjured him out!  I conjured a human baby about ten inches!  He could have brain damage, in fact he could have damage in every organ in his little body.
  "And it's my fault!  Tyana told me it was dangerous.  Oh, Laura, I didn't mean to do it! I wasn't trying to conjure him, I just wished, and there he was."
  "Megan, I was only a nurse on Earth, but I've seen a few births like the one you describe, usually slightly premature as an extra complication.
  "Each time the doctor had to perform a Caesarean, and let's be honest, could you have done that?"
  "No of course not."
  "That little boy would be dead now, and probably his mother too, if you hadn't done what you did.
  "I also know that it is possible to conjure a human without damage.  I heard Marcus describe to Dusty and Darryl how he's done it himself."
  "You're just saying that to make me feel better, aren't you?"
  "Ask him when you see him and I'm sure he'll show you.
  "If all this happened this morning, how is it you've just got back? Was it a long way?"
  "Nowhere's a long way since Tyana developed a way of travelling on horseback at over two hundred miles an hour.
  "You don't look surprised!"
  "I first saw Tyana when she was doing just that to get to Merlin!"
  "Well, as soon as I left the ranch I found a queue of patients with minor ills to attend to. They all thought that it was not worth asking me to come, but since I was there anyway....I didn't mind as it took my mind off what I'd done."
  "I see! Now, I'll ask Lindsey to bring you some soup to drink while you soak."
  "I'd rather Dusty brought it if that doesn't shock you too much.  He's bound to be worried.  
  "Tell me about Merlin though!"  
  Laura did so glossing quickly over her part, giving all the credit to Karim and Shaena.  Megan listened without making comment but vowed to find out the true story.  She knew that Laura must have had more to do with it than she had admitted.
  Meanwhile, Tyana, her parents, and her brothers were combining to persuade Marcus that he must have the company of either Dusty or Darryl until he could be paired.
	

  In the middle of the night a very surprised Marcus was shaken awake by Megan.  "I'm sorry, Marcus, but I'm so worried, and you are the only person who can help.  I conjured a baby this afternoon, and Laura said not to worry as you can do it without hurting yourself.  Dusty confirmed that you had said as much to him.  Please don't think I'm doubting you, but Tyana told me soon after I arrived here that nobody ever tries this because it's dangerous, and kills.
  "Who's right?"
  By now Marcus was completely awake, "I haven't been here long enough to start an argument with Tyana, but ...."
  Suddenly Megan was looking at an empty bed and hearing his voice from behind her continuing, "...have you ever heard the expression 'seeing is believing'?"
  Tears of relief stopped Megan from replying as she turned to face Marcus, realising that the little boy was going to be alright.  Marcus put an arm around her shoulders and gently guided her towards the door.
  "From what I hear we all have a busy day tomorrow.  Try and get some sleep."
  "Thank you, Marcus!"
  "Anytime!"
	CHAPTER SEVEN

  Laura was anxious to check on her patient, Megan wanted to see how Laura had dealt with the break, and Tyana knew that Merlin would, in spite of his injury, want to speak at length with Marcus. 
  Karim, still being mysterious, had asked to be allowed to visit the herd for the day and had left at dawn.
  This left Tyana vulnerable, as well as Marcus, so Lindsey and Hondo insisted that Dustine and Darryl never left either of them alone even for a moment.
  Immediately after breakfast the coach and four greys were readied and to her great delight, Laura was allowed to drive.  Megan, Marcus, Tyana, and her brothers rode inside, whilst Princess, Bess, Timber, and Ebony cantered alongside as escorts.
  After checking on Merlin, Laura and Megan went their own way as Megan had promised over breakfast to familiarise Laura with the area and introduce her to the many friends she had made during her month on Refuge.  Darryl and Dusty took very seriously the threat to their sister and stationed themselves by Merlin's door with Timber and Ebony keeping watch outside.
  "We don't expect trouble for another five days," Tyana protested.  "Karim would never have gone off for the day if there was any risk."
  "For your information, Sis, Karim made us promise not to leave your side until she returned.  Anyway, we need to be here to cover Marcus!"
  After listening to Marcus and Merlin questioning each other for five minutes Tyana stopped laughing long enough to say, "You're not going to get anywhere like this.  Both of you are asking questions but neither of you are giving proper answers.
  "Marcus, you and I have plenty of time for me to tell you all about life here, unless you don't like the idea of spending time with me?  You answer Merlin's questions and I'll answer yours later."
  Needless to say this appealed to Marcus and for the rest of the morning Merlin asked question after question and he, Tyana, and her brothers became more and more amazed at what life had been like for Megan, Thomas, Laura, and Marcus.  Tyana commented when there was a pause in Merlin's questions, "I'm no longer surprised at the shock Megan felt when she saw Karim for the first time.  What I don't understand is how Laura and you adapted so quickly."
  "I think it was having something to do which made the difference for Laura," answered Marcus, "so she didn't have time to brood, she was too busy doing what she'd always known was her job in life.  Too often before she's got into trouble just by taking the pain away from an injured person.
  "For myself, I've always felt as though I didn't fit in until I arrived here.  I knew I could do things other people couldn't, but I never dared to try and explain how I did them."
  Hearing conversation outside Tyana left for a moment to see who the visitors were.  Marcus was quick to say, "Merlin, may I ask just one question of you, please?"
  "If it is just the one, and if I can answer it."
  "How does one go about courting a girl here?  I never believed love at first sight was possible until yesterday, but I swear I fell in love with Tyana the moment I looked at her. She's everything I ever found attractive in a woman all wrapped up in one package.  I want to tell her but I don't want to frighten her off."
  "Just be yourself," Merlin replied. "I'm pretty sure she feels the same way.  If you want to be absolutely certain ask Karim when she returns.  But my advice is to tell her how you feel!"
  Tyana returned with Megan, and Laura, who looked at Merlin, laid one hand on his forehead and said, "That's quite enough for one day!  I want everyone out of this room, and no more visitors today.  
  "No Megan, not you! I'd like you to help me examine him."
  They found that Merlin's arm was only very slightly swollen below her improvised plaster, but his temperature was raised.  Megan watched her touch foreheads and seeing her reaction started forward. 
  "Don't worry, Megan, it isn't enough to get concerned about but, Merlin, you really must rest.  I insist that Marcus doesn't return until the day after tomorrow and I know just how to make sure of that.
  "Either Megan or I will be in this evening.  Please be patient.  You've lived this long without the knowledge that Marcus has, and a couple of days more isn't going to make any difference."
  "Before you go, Laura,” asked Merlin, “can you tell me one thing?  Just what is a detective?"
  "That's a hard one," Laura replied. "On Earth there were a lot of crimes committed.  Except for this Theurgen thing you don't seem to have any here.  A detective had to try to find the person or persons who committed the crimes, whether murder, which is killing someone, theft, assault, or ........"
  Laura noticed that Merlin's expression had changed and that Megan was looking at her in a peculiar way, so asked, "What is it?  Have I said something wrong?"
  "You've only been here a day, My Dear Laura," answered Merlin, "so I'm not annoyed with you but sit down a moment will you?
  "Imagine you were back on Earth and a few adults and large numbers of your teenagers who are the most affected, suddenly went blind.  Two years later another group suffered the same fate.  If this happened every two years for a decade, the numbers increasing each time and several of the young people committed suicide rather than be a burden, would you refer to it as 'this blindness thing'?"
  Laura realised how closely she had come to spoiling a new friendship and said, "Oh, Merlin, I'm truly sorry!  I'm only just beginning to realise how important what you call 'magical ability' is.  I thought it was just convenient, but I suppose for you it's a way of life.  I'm sorry ......... I really am!"
  "Enough, Laura, you weren't to know.  Now, returning to Marcus, was he a good detective?"
  "He was the youngest Sergeant in Chicago, so he must have been!  Why?"
  Merlin explained how long he had pondered on the problem of the losses before giving it to Tyana.  He recounted her tour of Refuge ending with, "So, although she provided us with a defence against the thefts and helped a lot of people, she's no nearer than I was in learning who? why? or even the detail of how? the thefts take place, and we have no experience in solving crimes.  Do you think he would be willing to help?"
  "Quite simply, when he knows what you've just told me, no power exists which could stop him.
  "Now - Rest!"
  As the whole party returned to the Counter ranch Laura asked Darryl to drive so that she could tell Marcus what she had learned and, as she expected, he was determined to help, making Tyana explain in detail all she knew and all she had experienced on her recent trip.  By the time she had finished they had had lunch, and it was late afternoon.
  "For someone with no training," he said to Tyana, as they lounged against a tree near the paddock where Ebony and Timber were being groomed by Dusty and Darryl, "you've done remarkably well.  You spotted the common factor in those who were not affected, and you've arranged protection for all who need it.  Nasom is going to advise you through Karim when any strangers arrive, but just what do you expect to do when you find them?"
  About this time, Megan came over to ask all four to come in for tea. It was obvious even to Marcus from the looks exchanged between them that she and Dusty felt about each other as he did about Tyana but had not had the courage to declare.
  "That's the trouble.  I don't know yet ..... Question them I suppose.  Remember, Karim can't be lied to!  Have you any better ideas?"
  Marcus, of course had plenty of them.  "This is obviously very well organised, and has a regular collection route with each town being visited only once every two years.
  "Catching one or two of the thieves is of no use to you, it will just let them know you know about them. If I was handling the case, I'd simply follow them when any strangers arrived.  What we want to know is how, and why, as well as who!  Karim should learn what she can without arousing their suspicions, then we'll follow them.
  "That means I'm going to need a horse.  Can you arrange one?  And can you explain why my mother had to have a familiar immediately, yet I get given a guard?  Not that I'm complaining!  I've never known her to be as happy as she is now, and naturally I'd want her to be protected first, but I confess to being puzzled all the same."
  "I only know," Tyana replied, "that yesterday evening Karim said that there was only one familiar suitable for you and she was gone this morning before I could get any more details.  We'll soon know.  I expect she'll be back before dinner!"
  Marcus was obviously puzzled.  "I don't think I understand this 'familiar' thing.  How is it that Princess and Bess do just what Laura and Megan want, yet Karim, belonging to you, who everyone says is so powerful, just does as she pleases?"
  "You're right.  You don't understand it!
  "Centuries ago, on Earth, our ancestors discovered that the power we have is doubled, or even more, if we bond with an animal.  That animal was by tradition a cat for a female and an owl for a male.  The Old Ones brought here a complete selection of Earth's animals, but not enough cats and owls for everyone to have one but this didn't matter as we found that literally any animal will do.  The animal gains human intelligence when near its owner which slowly fades with separation, and they live as long, only ageing as does the human.
  "Unlike my parents and brothers, although I like horses, I didn't want one for a familiar as I'd become friends with Karim and I rode her everywhere we wished to go.  You see, unicorns are already as intelligent as humans, possibly more so in some cases, and they are universally telepathic.
  "Karim's not my familiar, as everyone believes and as we've encouraged them to believe. She's my best friend and an equal partner.  It was, for instance, she who worked out that having a familiar gives protection.  It was she who organised over six hundred animals to bond with the inhabitants of New Salem.  If you have any doubts about her intelligence, try playing chess with her this evening.  One final surprise for you, but this one is not for telling to anyone yet.  I'm sure that the great power that I undoubtedly have, a hundred times more than I've ever shown so far, comes from bonding with Karim.  That's not all, and this is the best kept secret we have - - she is in her own right at least Gold standard, and is probably as powerful as I am!
  "What I don't understand though is why I'm telling you.  Not even Merlin and Shaena know yet."
  "I think," said Marcus, "that just as I would trust you with life or my Mother's, you know that you can rely on me.  I've never been in love before, so I can't be certain, but what I feel for you is different from anything I have ever experienced.  It's a mixture of respect, adoration, attraction, even envy.  What I do know for certain is that I will die before I will allow harm to come to you. ... ...  Please don't laugh."
  "I'm not laughing at you - I'm just happy, and I remember saying something like that to Shaena when I was eight years old and about to bond with Karim."
  The sound of departing hooves had all four running outside.
  Laura and Megan on Princess and Bess were heading for Camelot at a ten times gallop.  "Your mother surely is a fast learner, and that speed tells us that both she and Megan are potential Golds or even higher.  But I wonder where they're off to."
	
DAWN OF THE SAME DAY
  By the time it was fully light Karim was through Camelot and galloping South as fast as she considered safe.  She was, of course, not going to her own herd, but to the one eighty miles up the river from Kissimmee.
  She crossed 'Tyana Ford' as it was now known, then called for Scimitar and Rebel to meet her there without letting the herd know of her presence.  Their curiosity aroused, the twins arrived.
  What followed took only seconds with three way telepathic transfer of thoughts, but using words instead it was more or less:-
  << I have a solution to your problem, and to one of my own, >> she started.  << Scimitar, no twins like to be separated, and you can't bring yourself to fight Rebel so you are branded a coward by the herd and they won't breed with you.  Rebel, you likewise won't fight with your brother.  You probably both think of me as a traitor to Unicorn-kind, familiar to a human.  Well watch! >>
Near the upstream edge of the ford water had exposed sharp rocks, one reason they had made it one hundred yards long.
  There were several outcrops of sandstone on the other side of the river and whilst the twins watched about one ton of it detached itself and flew to hover over the upstream edge of the ford.  The pieces powdered and showered sand on to the sharp rocks.  << That's my good deed for the day!
  << I am nobody's familiar.  I am Tyana's equal partner and I’m as powerful as she is.  We choose to keep this knowledge to ourselves, though, and I must insist you do likewise.
  << Rebel, I offer you the chance to join me, to have my ability, to be my friend, and possibly my mate if we both wish it.  I must point out that your whole attitude, including the mating urge will become as with the humans.  The man I would pair you with is a good man, and Tyana loves him.  I believe you and he would make good allies for Tyana and myself.  Just follow the plan I have outlined.  Remember, you will never lose touch with each other - you are unicorns! >>
  Scimitar and Rebel went back to the herd, then after a suitable lapse Rebel picked a quarrel with another stallion.  Scimitar intervened to be told, << Mind your own business, I don't take orders from you!  You're not fit to lead the herd!  I don't know why I didn't depose you years ago, but it's never too late.  I challenge you now! >>
  Word spread like fire in a forest and the herd gathered to watch.  They put up as realistic a show as they could, both drawing blood from flashing hooves and horns, then Scimitar chased his brother over the ford with, << And don't come back! >>
  Karim was waiting in the trees, and after Scimitar decoyed the herd back over the hill, they recrossed the ford and walked quietly north until out of sight and hearing.
  Quickly Karim checked that Rebel's injuries were only superficial, then by experimenting discovered that she could invoke a nine times spell for both of them.  Rebel was fascinated with the experience of travelling at some two hundred miles an hour and wanted to continue all afternoon but Karim veered to her right and insisted on stopping twenty miles up river from Camelot.  They swam to bathe Rebel's wounds and then grazed for a couple of hours while Karim told him all that had happened since they last met, including glowing reports on Marcus and especially Laura.
  They then went on at a more leisurely pace of five times normal back towards the ranch, slowing to a walk some four miles away.  Karim found that she could call that far to Laura and Megan and asked them to meet her, saying only that they had horse fight injuries to deal with.
  Laura was the first to realise what Karim intended and looked carefully at Rebel even before introductions.  With her experience of horses she was impressed to say the least.  Before her was a jet black, seventeen hand stallion, weighing almost a ton, yet with muscles as well defined as those she had seen on a thoroughbred race horse.  Gold horn, hooves, mane, and tail made him extremely attractive, but it was when she looked deep into the large golden eyes that she realised the difference between unicorns and horses.  Behind those beautiful eyes was obviously a brain to be reckoned with.  While Megan tended to the various bites, bruises, abrasions, and stitched one small stab wound from Scimitar's horn, Laura got to know him, explaining that Marcus was her son.  Injuries tended, the party returned, Marcus was introduced, and he and Rebel went out to "talk" just as Thomas and Jet had such a short time ago.
  They found many common interests, Rebel being especially interested in the art of detection from a small number of clues.  Given several examples Marcus had previously used to test 'rookies', he solved every one with no trouble.  
  "I feel that we could be equal partners if you are willing," said Marcus.  "How about you?"
  << I believe that my life has some purpose for the first time since I was a foal with an older twin brother.  Let's do it! >>
  Tyana had meanwhile persuaded Karim to ask Shaena to officiate as she felt that she didn't wish Marcus to feel inferior to her and she dispatched the coach and four to collect her and Qamar for dinner.  Her only regret was that Merlin could not be present.
  When he and Rebel had been bonded, Marcus understood for the first time why his mother had cried with joy and hugged Princess after her own ceremony.  Until then he had, in spite of what Tyana had told him, thought of unicorns as just animals, and familiars as some sort of super-pet. How wrong he had been.  When he got control again he asked, "What happens now?  Do we just wait for Nasom to tell us they are here?"
  "NO!  We don't just wait," Shaena answered. "Tomorrow you go to Bronze class with Thomas and Jet. We must know what your potential is and get you qualified as highly as possible before you leave Camelot.  I'm due to review the class tomorrow evening.  If you're good enough I will test you Bronze there and then."
	

  Marcus and Tyana drove the guests home, and then as dusk fell, arms around each others' waists, they walked slowly back to the ranch house after stabling the greys, to where Karim and Rebel were waiting with necks entwined.
  "A lot has happened in two short days, Dar...Tyana," he said and then added, "do you realise I nearly said 'Darling'?
  "You would have been the first girl I'd ever called that.....
  "Would you have minded?"
  For an answer she just squeezed gently and offered her mouth to be kissed.  He obliged, and then pulled away slightly.  
  "This is all too fast for me.  It will spoil everything between us if we start a romance and it doesn't work out.  We must be friends and partners first to get the job done, and then take it from there.  I love you more than I ever felt possible, but let's take it slowly for now."
  << Karim, I hate to ask, but does he really love me? Or would any girl on Refuge do? >>
  << Sorry, My Love.  What you must decide is whether you love him.  Only then will I answer that question. >>
  "How about a goodnight kiss between partners then?" she asked.
  This time she slipped one hand behind his neck to draw his head down whilst the other arm went behind his back as she had seen Megan do with Dusty.  She also cuddled as closely as she could, making sure he would feel the swell of her breasts against his chest.  She remembered reading this in one of her mother's novels. How she wished she had experimented more with the boys in Camelot instead of playing with Karim.  This, counting the earlier one, was only her second non-family kiss.  She decided that before the third she would have to have a long chat with Megan who, although a year younger was obviously a lot more experienced.  Eventually they came up for air and went to their respective beds.
	

  Thomas was excited that there would be a newer member in the Bronze class than himself, but Jet cautioned him, << I feel that from what Karim tells me he will be with us for just one day. >>
  Qamar was taking the class in the absence of Merlin, and it was being run as a rehearsal for those ready to qualify at Halloween. Each in turn was required to conjure an object weighing more than eight ounces from outside the room to his own hand, and here at least Marcus was on home ground as he had always moved the big Colt automatic from holster to hand mentally which had saved his life on many occasions. He had no trouble, therefore, bringing in his selected box of apples.
  Equally easy was the second test of conjuring an object under control to a third party. He did this by passing around the box of apples and inviting each of the class to take one.
  He had never before started a fire, but that was Thomas's speciality and he explained, "Just think about what you want to burn, and 'stead of making it come to you, make it shake itself on the spot till it warms up."
  Marcus tried and much to his surprise, found it easy. 'Three down, Two to go,' he thought.
  Making rain was harder, but after watching the others he got the idea, drawing together all the water vapour in the atmosphere near them and cooling it till the dew point was reached and down came the rain, not very localised unfortunately.
  "The next one's the one I can't do, and neither can my friend Jim," said Thomas, "but I'm not too disappointed as Auntie Tyana was eight before she made Bronze and she was the youngest ever. If I manage it next year I'll still beat her by one year.
  "You have to take something and change it into something else. You know - - Lead into Gold, Poison into something harmless, Water into Wine, which is the one my Auntie did. I don't know where to start and so far no one can explain it. It's just something either you can do or you can't."
  Marcus thought for a while. Was it really possible that these people, the Bronzes and above, could actually change the nature of materials as Thomas said. Could Tyana really take a glass of water and serve it as wine? Then it struck him - when she was only eight years old! What could she do now? 
  This last one appealed to him, so he started with water, then conjured into it some burnt charcoal from the fire for the carbon and concentrated on alcohol. The revolting looking mixture boiled, but did smell alcoholic. That told him he could do it.
  << Rebel, please ask Karim how Tyana makes wine from water for me. >>
  << Sorry, Marcus, she doesn't know how she does it. She just wills it to happen, and there it is. >>
  Marcus decided he was being too scientific as after all Tyana at eight years old wouldn't have known the chemical constitution of ethyl alcohol, and probably didn't even now. She just knew what wine tasted like, so he tried a different approach. He looked into a glass of water and willed it to be wine, thinking of a rich, fruity Bordeaux, remembering the taste of the last glass he'd had. .... And there it was.
  "You did it!" shouted Thomas. "Look, Everybody, Uncle Marcus is a Bronze!"
  "Not yet he isn't," said a new voice as Shaena walked in, "but if he can satisfy me, he will be."
  Much to Thomas's delight he did, and he was.
  First and second to congratulate Marcus after the class were Dusty and Darryl and they explained that from then on qualification was adversarial. Defeat two Bronzes to become Silver, two Silvers to become Gold, or four Bronzes would do.
  Defeat Two Golds, four Silvers, or eight Bronzes simultaneously to become White. Of course, two Whites would do like Tyana had beaten, but that was a bit exceptional.
  "Can any stage be missed out?" asked Marcus. "For example if I defeated you two, could I become Gold without ever being Silver?"
  "Certainly! But you can't just defeat family and friends. If I describe again what happened when Tyana became White you'll see how it works. It will mean a lot more to you this time of telling."
  After Dusty had finished Shaena appeared and agreed to find two willing Silvers for two days hence when a qualifying session had been arranged and suggested Marcus practise by competing with Dustine and Darryl until then.
  "Looks like no work tomorrow then, Brother," said Darryl.
  "Why not?" asked Marcus. "Work as usual, but we'll compete on everything, both of you against me."
  Tyana was last in to dinner, but she turned up, much to Marcus's relief. "Sorry, everyone, I thought I'd better keep out of the way for the day, and I've been doing the rounds with Megan. She and Dusty have an announcement to make, haven't you, Brother?" Tyana said holding up Megan's left hand, on the third finger of which was a beautiful solitaire diamond ring.
  "We have! I'm very, very proud to announce that Megan has agreed to become my wife, and I don't mind in the least that she told my sister she'd accepted even before she told me!"
  "That ring must be about two carats," commented Marcus to Darryl as Megan showed it around. "I wouldn't have thought there would be any diamond mines in this part of the world."
  Darryl laughed and answered, "I don't suppose there are, but when Megan told Tyana what she wanted, Karim read the information from her memory, and a piece of charcoal became that diamond.
  "Dusty himself was able to make the ring from it."
  Another example, thought Marcus, of how useful what they called 'magic' was, and just how advanced they were in the use of it.
  A musical evening followed, and it was to everyone's surprise that it was discovered that for the first time a new arrival had apparently no musical talent. Marcus couldn't sing, though his mother did. Nor could he play or had even tried to learn any instrument. He could enjoy the evening though, and did, simply watching and listening to Tyana. 
	

 The first job after breakfast was to separate the bull calves from the females in the field nearest the ranch. There were about a hundred of them, and Dusty and Darryl rode into the field then began roping the calves.
  Marcus thought for a moment, then had Rebel implant into a bull calf's mind the idea that he wanted to come to the corner where Marcus was.
  Meanwhile he tied his rope about three feet from the ground to one side rail. As soon as this one calf was on his way, Rebel, catching on to the strategy, started another, and another, and so on. Ten minutes later, Marcus walked across the corner with the other end of his rope and had forty five bull calves penned. Dusty and Darryl had four each, and the rest were female.
  Applause from the side made them turn.  Megan had been supporting Dusty and Tyana had been rooting for Marcus, but now both were cheering him, as were the defeated brothers.
  "You won't find the next job so easy!" stated Darryl. "You can get the calves to work for you as they have brains, but how about collecting in the wheat that is in stooks in the next field?"
  The brothers started, 'picking up' two each and taking them to be piled by the threshing machine to await treatment.
  Marcus watched for a few minutes, then 'picked up' two, took them to the grain store, shook off the heads of wheat and deposited the chaff alongside. Rebel joined in, taking four, Marcus tried four, and so it went on. At any one time four were being separated, and four were being collected. Dusty and Darryl just stood there, mouths open, and watched. This 'new boy' from Earth was not only working twice as fast as they could together but he was, in addition, separating the grain into the store.
  "Enough!" shouted Dusty, "We quit. You win!"
  But the job still needed doing, so the boys copied Marcus's method, and by lunch time not only was the field cleared, but the wheat was in the drier.
  "Have the afternoon off!" Darryl told Marcus. "You've earned it, and are obviously Gold at the very least."
  There was one easy test, and they used it. Marcus remembered the use of Tyana's multiplying spell from their first meeting, Dusty explained how to invoke it, and Marcus tried, with Rebel. Just as it had been with Tyana, the limiting factor was safety and being able to see where one was going. Rebel informed Karim, who told Tyana, and the four had a quiet ride around the district in the afternoon; the two unicorns side by side as closely as possible, the riders holding hands and feeling at peace with the world.
  Laura reported that Merlin's temperature was back to normal so he could receive visitors, but only for short periods. "He will be well enough for the special qualifying trials tomorrow, provided that he only watches," she said.
  "A question," said Marcus, "I saw Megan and Laura charge off at a speed high enough to qualify Gold when Rebel needed them.
  "Why is there no rush to get them graded as there is with me?"
  "I can answer that," replied Tyana. "It's the same as when I was going off around Refuge looking for information. I had to be able to command respect without having to constantly prove myself, so they needed me to be a qualified White. You're coming with me next time, so we need you as high as possible.
  "Laura and Megan, in fact all healers, are respected wherever they go. The qualification in grades is much less important for them, and it's optional. Some are White, but most are Bronze, and even those who are Bronze are only so because they had to be to qualify for a familiar before I changed the rules. It's very likely that many healers will never bother in future.
  "How about you, Megan? Do you want to take Bronze tomorrow?"
  "Not particularly. Bronze status won't make me any better at what I do. What do you say, Laura?"
  "I feel just as you do, My Dear, and whilst I will learn as much as I can from our friends, so that I can, for example, conjure materials I need instead of relying on others, I have no wish to be graded just for the sake of it."
  This was fascinating for Tyana to hear as all her life she had looked forward to being the next grade. She supposed that made Laura a nicer person than she was.
  << Not nicer, just different. Don't change! >>
  Karim had, as always, been brief and to the point.
	

NEXT DAY JUST OUTSIDE CAMELOT
  The scene was similar to that when Tyana had qualified White, but there were over twenty candidates. It had been raining hard, but the first few to arrive changed that, 'persuading' the rain clouds to go away with a suitable strong breeze from the South for a while. Marcus was to be last, but Merlin called him aside to explain that there might be a complication.
  "All the available Silvers are trying to qualify Gold today. If they make it, the two I've arranged for you to challenge will be Gold, and defeating them takes you straight to White. I have checked our Constitution carefully, and whilst it has never happened before, it's not against the rules. From what Dustine and Darryl said about your practice, you should try. Good Luck!"
  If this was meant as a spell it worked. Marcus found himself competing with two newly qualified Golds, each of whom thought of himself as the most powerful in the district and regarded it as an insult that a new arrival from Earth should be allowed to challenge not only him, but another almost his equal as well.
  Marcus, as challenger, had first choice, and remembering Tyana's experience was about to choose a power game when he realised that if his opponents thought mainly of power, they probably had little control.
  "I remind everyone of a toy used to teach children dexterity. There's a base with different shaped holes in it, square, diamond, circle, star, cross, and so on. Into it will fit objects the same shape. Is there anything like that here?"
  There was, so Marcus had the bases set fifty feet away and the piles of objects fifty feet in the other direction. "We'll have a simple race to fit all the objects in their respective holes."
  Shaena reminded the audience of the rules and started the contest. As Marcus had gambled, his opponents didn't have the fine control that came with an intelligent familiar, so he'd finished his twenty before they managed five each.
  The two new Golds conferred for a moment, then one said, "We choose 'Push Ball'. A one hundred yard pitch, with the first to score two goals the winner."
  A six feet diameter inflated leather ball was put on the centre spot of a standard football field. To score a goal, it was necessary to mentally 'push' the ball between the goal posts.
  Marcus was delighted to find that he could hold it against the two of them, but he had to draw on Rebel's power to move against them. He deliberately moved only slowly to score.
  1-0.
  Despite all the efforts made by the two, each of whom had considered himself invincible, Marcus had no trouble scoring again.
  2-0, Game, and Match!
  Shaena called for Order, and confirmed the result. Tyana caught her eye and obtained permission to speak.
  "I'm sure there are those here who will feel that Marcus has not been with us long enough to possibly qualify White. I know otherwise, and I want no doubt left in anyone's mind!
  "Can I have eight volunteers to assist the two Golds he has just defeated, so that he will be pushing alone against ten?"
  There was no shortage of volunteers and the contest took place as Tyana had suggested. This time Marcus did not bother to move the ball slowly, but once sure that they were all trying, moved the ball rapidly to score again.
  Shaena once again called for order and then addressed them.
  "As Marcus would be the first to admit himself, he has only been here a short time. However, you have all witnessed him defeating one White, five Golds, and four Bronzes simultaneously in a game his opponents chose.
  "If anyone questions his right to be known as White, they should speak now, or forever be silent on the subject."
  One person clearly not impressed by the display was Laura, and she said so.
  "Tyana, was that vulgar display really necessary?  Frankly I was ashamed to be his mother. You were just showing off his new found power! I don't think I like that side of you very much! 
  Marcus had arrived in time to hear her and replied before Tyana had time to think.
  "Laura, for once you've got hold of the wrong end of the stick! I would have said the same before I heard what happened to Tyana on her recent tour of the ten towns. Her life, or mine, could depend on us getting cooperation without having to prove ourselves. That was why she organised it."
  "He's right, you know, Laura." said Tyana. "Neither of us has any need to prove how strong we are, any more than you feel the need to qualify Gold. But suppose Marcus needs help to come to my aid, do you think I want to wait until he proves himself?
  "With the Pony Mail Service using my multiplying spell, by the time we get anywhere they will have already heard about this, and probably exaggerated it, so everyone will obey the instructions of anyone with a unicorn familiar!"
  << Tyana, Marcus, Rebel, We are summoned to a Council of War in Merlin's quarters. Please bring Qamar and Shaena. >>
  "I know that look," said Laura to the others. "Either Karim or Rebel has given you a message. What's going on?"
  "Merlin has called a meeting, and I think it would be as well if you came too, Laura, just to keep an eye on him."
  The effort of attending the ceremony had obviously taken its toll as Merlin was in his bed, with chairs around it for the others. As Laura entered another chair appeared, making it obvious that Merlin did not object to her presence. She ignored it, however, and sat on the bed by his side, one hand to his forehead, the other first to the plaster cast, then to the hand below it. 
  Merlin asked, for the record though he was sure he already knew the answer, "Tyana, am I right in assuming that Marcus and Rebel combine to make as formidable a team as do yourself and Karim? And what other secrets have you kept from an old man?"
  "Yes, Merlin, you are right. It would, however, be prudent to keep the knowledge restricted for now to those present and not tell this 'old man' you refer to. Apart from any other consideration we don't want a rush to try to persuade unicorns to bond with humans as it's a combination of their sheer mass, with the intelligence already at least equal to human that gives Marcus and me the power we have.
  "We hope to leave soon, when our thieves arrive, so it's time for you to know our remaining secret, just in case we don't return."
  Merlin squeezed Laura's hand reassuringly even though it must have hurt him as Tyana continued, "This is best shown as you would find it hard to believe."
  << Karim, come in, please! >>
  Karim entered, and began the demonstration she had planned with Tyana earlier. She went first to Merlin and conjured a glass of his favourite red wine to his good hand. Before Laura could react she was wearing an apron with a red cross on it and a nurse's cap.
  Crossing to Shaena, Karim curtsied with her forefeet and she found herself with a bouquet of roses. To Qamar went a silk shirt with an eagle embroidered on it. Finally to their surprise Marcus and Tyana received a single red rose each.
  "That secret we've kept well, have we not? Karim is at least Gold, and improving all the time. We expect Rebel to have the same ability, though so far he's only worked with Marcus."
  "What of Thomas and Jet?" asked Laura, recovering first.
  "I arranged with Zoltan on the night he agreed to let him go that Jet is inhibited until Thomas reaches Gold in his own right.
  "Marcus has agreed to join me in following the thieves if they show up as expected, in fact it was his idea that we follow them. We have no idea how long we'll be away."
  << Everyone, Nasom is calling me, and I'll arrange that you all hear what he says.
  << Yes, Nasom, this is Tyana, what has happened? >>
  << Can you really hear me through Karim, Tyana? This is wonderful, I'm not even speaking. Two men who look like traders have just entered the gates of Camelot from the direction of Midwitch. I haven't spoken to them, but the only time I saw them before was ten years ago, and one of them fits the description given by Darren. What do you want me to do? >>
  << Absolutely nothing. They mustn't suspect that we know them. Treat them with the same courtesy you normally give travellers. Thank you! >>
  "Off you go, Marcus," said Tyana. "They can't possibly know about you yet!"
  Following the plan Marcus had outlined, he wandered apparently aimlessly to the area he might expect to find travellers, and he was right. The two men were by the side of a wagon laden with furs and offering to barter them for food. Several people tried to explain that in Camelot food was freely available - "Just conjure it from the stores!" - but they took no notice, either not understanding, or pretending not to.
  "Good evening!" called Marcus. "Have you come far?"
  "Too far!" answered the smaller man, a weasel faced fellow with rounded shoulders. "We got no welcome in Argentcourt or Midwitch. People seem to be afraid of their own shadows nowadays. And here they want to give us food without payment."
  "What would you like?" asked Marcus. "I've only just arrived myself, but I have powerful friends here. Can I help?"
  It would not have mattered what Marcus said, or what the conversation was about as long as their travels and lack of welcome came into it so that Karim, who had circled round the long way, could casually come up behind them quietly and 'read' them.
  Marcus kept the chat going until Karim left, then looked at the setting sun and said, "I'm sorry, Gentlemen, but I'm late for a dinner appointment. Let me get you some food. What would you like?"
  Weasel face asked how Marcus could do that if he had no familiar, but was satisfied when told he'd left his steed with his host. They insisted that they wanted nothing, and Marcus returned to Merlin's the long way. He was just in time to hear Karim's report.
  << They are the ones we seek. They left Europe six months ago with orders to find anyone without a familiar and steal his or her Essence without giving themselves away. They are under very strict orders not to mention Europe and not to arouse suspicion. They have, therefore, got nothing up to now. They have already established that there are no unpaired people here, just as they found in Midwitch and Argentcourt, and they are proposing to try Eureka before returning home, in case the protection is not universal. They can't make up their minds whether we know about the thefts or they are just unlucky.
  << I could get no picture of Europe as they had no reason to think of it, but they thought of a long trip back, by boat. >>
  Marcus said immediately, "We're going to need a boat ourselves if we're to follow them. You mentioned a seafaring people in Newport, Tyana, so that's where we must go.
  "There's no point in following our suspects, as we know where they're heading. How long will it take them with their wagon and two horses?"
  "At least a week, answered Qamar, "and that's without resting the horses."
  "Let's go back to the ranch then, without them seeing us, and we'll leave at dawn tomorrow. With luck we'll be waiting for them in Eureka, but we must be careful not to let them see me there!"
  "It looks like you've got your orders, Tyana." Merlin chuckled as he said this. "Do you mind him taking over like this?"
  "It's what we agreed yesterday. He has the experience as a detective. He tells me he always worked with a partner, well now he has three, or he will have when Rebel's had a little more training. We work as a team. For now, Marcus leads, and we follow!"
  They left, but would have been pleased to hear Merlin comment to the others as they rode back to the ranch, "I thank the Old Ones for sending us Marcus. And you, of course, My Dear Laura, but I'm thinking that perhaps after all I've got myself a team capable of achieving what I've asked of them!"
  Qamar and Shaena agreed, then left, but Laura stayed, quite happy to sit with her patient, answering his questions, of which he seemed to have a never ending supply, about life on Earth and occasionally get a question in herself. 
  As Princess took her home, long after dark, she marvelled at how quickly the ranch had become 'home', and how Merlin seemed more like a friend than a patient. 'Pull yourself together, woman!' she thought. 'He's The President, and a patient!'
  Back at the ranch Tyana managed to have a quiet word with Megan and explained her problem.
  "Believe it or not," answered Megan, "it would have made no difference if you'd experimented with half the boys in Camelot. Just going through the motions of kissing and caressing in order to see what it feels like is a very different matter from being in love and with that person.
  "Until I met your brother I hated it when boys tried to touch me anywhere except on the hands. I did go further with one boy I liked, but I know now it was a mistake.
  "When I'm with Dusty it's different. He only has to run his finger lightly down my back, or squeeze my knee gently and I want to climb all over him.
  "The only advice I can give is 'be yourself'. If you feel like doing something, try it. If Marcus doesn't like it, talk about it. If he does something you don't like, tell him.
  "Don't be afraid to share a bed with him without sex. Dusty and I slept in the same bed for what seemed like ages without more than a kiss goodnight, and I can tell you it was wonderful to wake in the night and find his arm across me. Only when we were both sure this was for life did we go further." She laughed.
  "Of course, if I'd waited for Dusty to decide he was good enough for me, I'd have been an old lady first, but that's another story!"
  "Tell me more!"
  "Perhaps one day, but - forget that I told you, for now, please. If it ever got out, Dusty would never forgive me. Men are funny like that!"
  Ironically a very similar conversation was taking place between Marcus and the two brothers.
  "Meeting Tyana was the best thing that's ever happened to me, even greater than the bonding with Rebel though that runs it a very close second," he said. "But there's so much about life here I don't know.
  "Do you normally have sex before marriage? Come to think of it, do you have marriage? I suppose you must if you and Megan are engaged.
  "How do you avoid having children until you're ready?
  "Your sister seems so experienced to me - - she kissed me, you know, not the other way round. And she seems to want a lot more than a goodnight kiss from me."
  He failed to notice that Dusty had gone a little red.
  "Am I too old for her?"
  Dusty and Darryl exchanged glances and then said with one voice, "You'll do! Welcome to the family!" Then Darryl went on,
  "Taking your questions in order,
  "Yes we have marriage, but no formal service is needed as when both parties have familiars such bondings are always, as they obviously must be, for life. A simple advice to Abinger through a Council Leader is all that is required.
  "When a couple have a full sexual relationship is when they both want to, with the emphasis on 'both'.
  "With natural conjuring ability here no one ever gets pregnant unless they wish to. Either person can conjure away the sperm, just as either person can make pregnancy very likely by helping it get to the egg. The girls dispose of menstrual loss in the same way."
  Darryl paused for breath, and Dusty continued, "As for Tyana being more experienced than you, all I can say is that as far as I know she's been kissed by four very handsome and extremely intelligent men so far, and they all love her."
  Marcus's face dropped, and Dusty continued,
  "Her Uncle, her father, Darryl, and best of all, me!
  "I don't know how she gave you the impression she was a lot more experienced than you, but to my certain knowledge she has never even been interested in male company till now. I tell you one thing, though, you will have to watch out for her sense of humour.
  "We are much more open about relationships here than Megan tells me people are on Earth. For example, our parents knew that Megan and I were sharing a bed, and I told Mum when it went further. She didn't seem surprised, so maybe Megan had spoken to her first. They would only have interfered with advice if they didn't like her, but I'm happy to say they both love her, and her brother Thomas. You must get to know him better when you can. He's a great character, full of fun, and so is Jet."
	

  Breakfast was as it had been before Tyana left on her tour. Everyone was up early and gathered to see she and Marcus ride out.
  << I wish we were going too, Jet! >>
  << Be patient, Thomas. We have our part to play. Just by being here we make it possible for them to keep in touch with home. >>
	CHAPTER EIGHT

  By lunch time they were approaching the banks of the River Midway, having travelled North East all morning. Just as George had assured them they would, they found it possible to ford at that point, and they were near enough to Abinger to draw on the historian's food supply for lunch whilst Karim and Rebel rested and grazed.
  A hard afternoon's gallop got them to the junction of rivers which gave it the name Lambda and all agreed that it was far enough for the first day. Sometime during the journey Rebel had taken over the job of multiplying his stride and it was with great pride that Marcus told Tyana of this. Karim commented,
  << Rebel is a very quick learner, both of you. I've been teaching him all I can while we travel. It passes the time. The novelty of galloping two hundred miles every hour soon wears off and I hope by tomorrow evening he'll be my equal. Maybe even more in brute strength as he's got a lot more mass. >>
  They arrived in a large clearing with good grazing for the unicorns, who went to take advantage of it, and then Marcus looked at his companion, thinking again how lucky he was, and more determined than ever not to spoil it. Yet, .. he wanted her so much. 
  "One tent, or two?" he asked. "Sorry to be blunt, but I couldn't think of a simpler way to put it.
  "Before you answer, I had a long talk with your brothers yesterday evening and the one thing they stressed was that here on Refuge relationships are open, and if you want to know something, just ask. So I did!"
  "One, of course, and one mattress. A big one. I'll arrange it whilst you get the food if you like."
  Everything Marcus 'ordered' arrived with the exception of the steaks. He called Tyana, who laughed. "Don't look so worried. We're too far away to draw on supplies from Drogheda, New Salem, or Abinger, and Newport doesn't keep stocks of steaks. This is what they eat most of."
  As she finished speaking two Dover Soles arrived on the plates with all the garnishing and sauces he would have had in the best restaurant in Chicago. He took her in his arms saying, "You never cease to amaze me!" Then he chuckled.
  "It's a good thing I tried for the steaks before the gravy isn't it?
  "I don't think I'll ever be your equal," he remarked as they were eating. "I may have the power, but you have eighteen years of experience behind you. For you it's a way of life. For me it's all so new. The only conjuring I did before was to bring my gun from its holster and to make sure the bullets hit what I aimed at."
  "Gun? Bullets? Now it's your turn to explain."
  Marcus started to, but as soon as she got the idea Tyana interrupted. "That's enough. I don't think I like your old job very much.
  "But I do like you, and that's what matters. Come here and give me a hug. Tell me we'll succeed, and end the thefts. I don't think I'll ever forget my friend Darren's face when he realised the loss was permanent and he'd never ever again be able to conjure. We now know he was wrong, but for ten years he suffered every day. Without Crystal for comfort he'd have been better off dead."
  All Marcus could think of was, "I had no idea that your whole way of life was affected when you told me about the thefts. Where I come from stealing is a relatively minor crime, and I guess I didn't take it seriously enough." By now he had his arms around her and her head rested on his shoulder. "But I realise the tragedy now, and I'm certain we can end it. If Rebel and I can handle ten of our best, and I know that was nowhere near my limit, what could the four of us working together do? I can't imagine any force that could stand against us.
  "Look. Those two are asleep already."
  Rebel and Karim were facing, each with chin resting on the back of the other, and Tyana smiled, saying, "They deserve a rest after what they've done today. I think we should too. We should have had a swim before we ate, but good old magic will have to do for once."
  Marcus found all the sweat and dust had gone, and his clothes were as clean and fresh as in the morning when they left. He thought yet again that he would never make up those eighteen years he was behind.
  Hand in hand they entered the tent Tyana had prepared and laid down side by side. Bed covers appeared over them magically, but Marcus finally had a chance to score a point. The blankets and sheet disappeared and a modern duvet appeared instead.
  "That's much nicer," commented Tyana, "we'll have to tell the people at home. Would Laura know about them?" 
  Assured she would, Tyana determined to pass on the information through Jet next day.
  They lay together for what seemed like an age, but neither could sleep. Sensing that Tyana was awake too, Marcus turned on to his right side to face her and with her head still pillowed on his right arm moved his left hand tentatively, first caressing her right hip, then slowly, giving her plenty of opportunity to object, moved it up over the slim waist, noticing in passing that there was just enough fat to give the shape he adored, but no more, then up on to the side of the rib cage, and finally cupping the right breast as he had wanted to ever since he saw her.
  He was just plucking up the courage to slip the hand under her blouse when he found that he was holding a naked breast, with an erect nipple between his finger and thumb. He leapt away, then joined her again, laughing, finding that he too was as naked as the day he was born.
  "Your brothers said I should watch out for your sense of humour. How do you know you can trust me?"
  "Megan's told me about rape on Earth. It just doesn't happen here. Possession of Theurgen, or Essence as the thieves call it, obviously gives control. I had never heard of it. Now, you were giving me a hug, remember?"
  This time he didn't hesitate and they entwined to get the maximum amount of flesh in contact. There was a moment's embarrassment for him as he'd found himself aroused when he felt so much of that silk skin next to his, but Tyana kissed him once more then said, "Good night, Darling," and she was asleep, just like that.
	

  With no trace of shyness, Tyana ran down to the river for a morning swim, and shaking his head in wonder at his luck, Marcus followed her. The river delta was over half a mile wide and she obviously intended to swim across. No wonder there was no fat to spare on that beautiful body. He, on the other hand had spent too much time in patrol cars, and only fifty yards out got cramp in the cool water. Tyana was well ahead of him so he concentrated on the bank they had just left, and was back on it, still doubled up. Rebel had felt it happen, and told Karim, who passed it on to Tyana. She turned at once, conjured flippers to her feet, paddles to her hands, and fairly flew through the water back to shore.
  Dispensing with the aids she ran to massage the cramped area commenting, "I wish I was Megan at this moment!" 
  Starting at the feet which were by his head, and slowly looking up the length of her legs, past the small triangle of curly black hair to the flat abdomen, on up to the most perfect bosom he had ever seen, looking at its best as she bent over him, and to the face which had caused him to fall in love instantly, Marcus could only say, "I don't!"
  "Obviously you're better. Let's get you warm and dry, then we must talk."
  They dressed, had breakfast, then Rebel and Karim joined the party mentally as Tyana asked, "Rebel says you were about fifty yards out when you folded up and vanished, reappearing on the bank. I suppose I never really accepted that ability before, but I must now. How do you do it?"
  "I don't know. It's a bit like the question I asked you through Karim - 'How do you turn water into wine?' - Remember?
  "I can only say that the first time I did it I was fifteen. I'd borrowed a motor bike and lost control. I was going to end up under a semi." There was a slight pause whilst Rebel, from Marcus's thoughts, filled in the explanations of 'motor bike' and 'semi-trailer'.  "I just wished that I was behind the truck instead of in front of it. I wished, and wished, and then I was, rolling down the bank at the other side of the road. The bike was trashed, and the driver thought I'd been lucky enough to roll between the wheels.
  "I experimented when alone and I can do it any time I like, up to about sixty yards. Why don't you try?"
  "Perhaps in an emergency I would," replied Tyana. "I asked Merlin if it was possible and he just said, 'If he's done it then it must be, but all the legends say it kills to try it.' We can't take the risk right now. It's the sort of thing where you only get one try, and if it turns out you can't do it you're either dead or injured.
  "Changing the subject, --- Rebel, you didn't need to call me through Karim. You'll find you can talk to any human you know if you just concentrate on them. When you know them well, just thinking the name is enough."
  They swam the river, aided by Tyana's flippers for unicorns system, and by mid morning were in Newport. A crowd quickly gathered as news spread that Tyana had not only returned, but had brought a man with her, and that he too was on a unicorn.
   The Leader had not met Tyana on her last visit, and she came to introduce herself.
  "Welcome back, Tyana and Karim. I'm Karilla, and I owe you more than most. My husband was a victim, one of our first. We've been following the advice you brought last time, and he's Silver already. There isn't a single family in Newport that doesn't owe you a debt. What can you do for you?"
  Tyana introduced Marcus and Rebel and explained why they had come, to be told, "You can have the pick of our fleet, and a crew as well if you wish. Do you know how far you have to go? Is this Europe a small island or a large continent like this one?"
  "All we know is that it took those we're following six months to get to Camelot, and we must allow at least one for visiting Argentcourt and Midwitch."
  Karilla's husband, Rix, had been listening and suggested, "They probably landed on the East coast. The most likely place is at the mouth of the Silver River, then they could follow the river bank up to Argentcourt. The prevailing wind is from the East, so they had a much longer journey here than you will travelling West."
  At Marcus's suggestion, he and Rix went to inspect the fleet of fishing boats but he was in for a disappointment. They were all single masted smacks suitable only for inshore work, not deep sea. "Are these the only type you use?" he asked.
  "We have builders who are always wanting to try something new but fishermen are traditionalists. They claim to be able to build anything you can draw, though! Would that help?"
  Marcus's favourite pastime had been sailing on the Great Lakes and his hobby modelling multi-masted sailing ships. He thought, then started drawing. Three days later he took Tyana down to see the result of his work.
  One hundred and fifty feet long, three masted, and with ropework of his own design with each ending round a drum with locking mechanism consisting of a peg which fitted into any of the holes around the rim. Amidships, as near to the centre of gravity as possible were two cabin like structures, one as a stable for Rebel and Karim, with restraining straps they could attach if the weather got rough, the other what Marcus called a Honeymoon Cabin. Below deck all the available space was filled with water and food for the four.
  "I decided against taking a crew," he said. "With these controls, any one of the four of us can raise or lower sails as we wish, and I'll soon have you experts. Let's take her for her maiden voyage. What shall we name her?"
  Karilla's suggestion of Unicorn Witch was settled on, and with Rix and Karilla on board, they cast off.
  Rix was fascinated with the controls Marcus had installed, comparing the effort his friends made to raise and lower their single sail with the look, followed by the rapid rotation of a drum that these newcomers used. Well out to sea, Marcus headed downwind and unfurled every square inch of sail they carried.
  "I'd guess at about twenty knots!" he said.
  His companions looked blank, and Tyana said, "That's nice!"
  Marcus laughed and explained what he meant. He demonstrated how to reduce sail, described the uses of the various sails, explaining that historically on Earth, three masted schooners were amongst the fastest sailing ships ever.
  He showed how to turn about, explaining that to attempt this under full sail would probably capsize her. He was demonstrating tacking when Rebel spoke to him alone,
  << Marcus, why not just cause the wind to blow the way we want to go? If you try it, Karim and I will help, but for now at least, only you and Tyana take the 
credit. >>
  They tried, and as with most things they got better with practice. Soon they were being blown upwind at thirty knots, and Marcus wished this world had photography to capture the look on Rix's face.
  They said their farewells, but Tyana had a very serious suggestion for Rix before they left. "If you can persuade your builders to produce a fleet of schooners like this one you could venture a lot further out to sea than in your present craft. You could also run a service of both goods and people to New Salem, Drogheda, and Eureka. Maybe even as far as Brigadoon, or at least to a dock we can have built at the river mouth."
  Because of the danger of missing Weasel-face and his friend Tyana and Karim went overland, leaving Marcus and Rebel, who assured her they could manage, to bring the Unicorn Witch to Eureka. They were in Drogheda when the unicorns set up a conference.
  << Darling, >> began Marcus, << please try to delay our friends until we can get there. Rebel has pointed out that they probably only have a fishing smack like those in Newport, so will only manage about ten knots. If we can learn their course we can get there weeks if not months before they're due back.
  << And if we have them taken to Abinger as prisoners for questioning we'll learn a lot more about this Europe before they are even missed by whoever sent them. >>
  << How did you say the response went? 10-4? I miss you! >>
  After an evening spent with Michaela, Tyana put her in touch with Pegasus, the local herd stallion, who promised to watch out for strangers and warn her.
  Before noon she was in Eureka with Bill who promised to post lookouts along the South side and let her know when the thieves arrived without alarming them.
  She was still waiting almost a week later when Marcus tied up at the dock Tyana and Karim had prepared. Bill was introduced and said,
  "When Tyana ordered this dock built I thought she'd taken leave of her senses. With anyone else I wouldn't have allowed it, but I see she was exactly right about the size you'd need.
  "And you say we'll get more like this visiting when they're built?"
  "We hope so. Is there any news of Weasel-face and his friend? I expected them to be here by now."
  "You settle in with Bill, Darling. Now you're here Karim and I'll take a look to the South."
  They needn't have worried. They met the travellers ten miles out, and, as they hadn't met them in Camelot went up to the wagon. Weasel-face turned out to be DaGarma the leader, and his colleague was DaSilva. When Tyana commented that they didn't look well they explained that they'd only just been able to travel again after contracting some bug which gave sickness and diarrhoea.
  "Have you far to go?" she asked so that Karim could read the true answer.
  "Only to Eureka. We're hoping to settle there, and we have furs to give us a start in trading. Are you from there?"
  "No, I'm only visiting Bill Cassidy, The Council Head, and I'll be returning to Camelot soon. He's a good friend of my family, and if you seek us out when you get there I'll make sure he takes care of your health problems."
  "Thank you, Ma'am!" replied DaGarma. "Please forgive my curiosity, but is that unicorn your familiar?"
  "She is! The best friend anyone could want. I presume yours are the two horses?"
  "That's right. Are there many people with unicorns where you come from?"
  "Only a few. Don't forget to call on Bill to see his healer will you?"
  They thanked her, and she returned to Bill's house. He was included when Karim gave her report on the meeting
  << When Tyana asked how far they had to travel they thought first of the wagon trip to the Silver River, then of a sea journey lasting three months. We'll have to question them further, but the technique seems to be for a human to ask the right question to get them thinking as we want. The answers they give aloud are unimportant.
  << They made a point of finding out whether Tyana had a familiar, but when she asked about theirs they lied. They claimed to have the horses, but in fact they have none. >>
  Next day DaGarma and DaSilva arrived and were shown into Bill's library. Bill greeted them warmly.
  "Gentlemen, welcome to Eureka. I've already arranged that our healer is coming to see you. May I give you a drink? I prefer not to offer you food in case she doesn't want you to eat yet, but please be seated.
  "I'm having your horses tended, and I assure you your furs are safe here."
  The poor men were completely off guard as Bill continued in the same tone, "By the way, in what direction precisely do you sail to Europe?"
  Although they gave no answer the thought had been there 'Due East from Silver River'. 
  Marcus came in with Tyana, and they realised they'd been trapped. Each accepted the drink from Bill, then used it to swallow a tablet of some kind from a pocket. Within two seconds they were dead. Tyana buried her face in Marcus's shoulder and he comforted her. "They didn't suffer, you know. Just think of it as two more people we have to avenge."
  "I'll be alright. Just give me a few minutes." Tyana answered. "Can you put them somewhere?"
  He conjured the bodies to the next room rather than dispose of them as it seemed likely that Bill's healer would want to know how they died. To distract Tyana from the deaths he asked Bill,
  "May we stay here overnight? I think we all need a rest before we set off for Europe."
  "But you had no answer," he protested. "You don't know the course to take."
  "We already knew the answer, Bill. We were really more interested in the other questions we were going to ask, but we'll have to make do with what we know.
  << I wish we unicorns could lie like that, Marcus! >>
  "The fact that they killed themselves tells us just how valuable the knowledge we have is."
  Bill showed no embarrassment when he asked Tyana, "Another room for Marcus, or will he share yours? And what time shall we breakfast?"
  "If he doesn't share mine, I'll want to know why! Breakfast as late as you like. We've got so far to go that an hour or two won't matter."
  When they were alone Tyana went to Marcus and laid her head on his chest. "Cuddle me! I hate to admit it after what they've done, but I feel really sorry for those men.
  "You needn't be sorry! From what Nasom said it was one of them who stole Darren's theurgen when you were a child," then when he felt her relax a little continued, "I'm very tired. Can we go to bed early without upsetting Bill?"
  Looking at him, Tyana realised just how exhausted he was and replied, "I'm sorry, Darling! I should have noticed. Of course we can. We'll go now!" 
  Marcus smiled, saying,"I could probably sleep on my feet like Rebel if I had to, but since the bed looks so inviting, clean me and undress me, Darling, like you did when we camped."
  Tyana obliged, then as Marcus laid down she conjured a Duvet and undressed the orthodox way herself. By the time she joined him she found she couldn't waken him.
  << This is Rebel, Tyana. He's worked himself to a shadow to get to you in time. Please let him rest. We've a long voyage ahead - plenty of time together. >>
  << Of course I will, Rebel. - You love him, don't you? Just as I love Karim! >>
  << Exactly as you love Karim, for I love Karim too! >>
  On that happy note Tyana cuddled up to the man she now knew she loved. She must remember to tell Karim tomorrow.
  << No need! I've known since you met him. Good Night. >>
	

  Marcus slept long after the others, and it was lunch time when he joined Tyana and Bill on the terrace. "Good Morning." he greeted them. "Why did nobody wake me?"
  "Good Afternoon!" they chorused, then Tyana went on alone, "You must take it up with Rebel. He said you needed to rest.
  "You know, Bill, I never even got a kiss Good Night!"
  Marcus blushed and turned away. He would have to get used to this open behaviour. He liked it in theory, but the practice was harder to take.
  Tyana felt sorry for him and changed the subject. "We've been thinking whilst you slept. If there's been a collection every six months for over ten years they must have a minimum of two, and probably three teams of thieves.
  "Another team must have left Europe about the time we first saw Weasel-face, sorry, DaGarma and DaSilva. We'll probably meet them on the way."
  By now Marcus was fully awake, and ahead of them in thought and shook his head.
  "No we won't. It's not like going down a road, you know, sailing. It would be a chance in a million if we passed near enough to see each other. We'll watch for them, of course, and take them prisoners if we do see them, but more likely they will arrive in the Silver River Estuary six months after the ones who are now dead.
  "It's the turn of Kissimmee and Brigadoon, so we must arrange reception committees at the Estuary, and in each of the towns in case they use another route."
  They contacted Merlin via Belle and learned that such was Laura's power, and so long the time she had spent holding his arm, that the plaster was off. He agreed with their summation and promised that the next pair of thieves would never leave, nor would they be allowed to commit suicide. They would be taken to Abinger and questioned using Belle to 'read' what they were really thinking and any information passed on to Tyana and Marcus.
  Finally Belle had a private message for Marcus from Laura.
  << I want you to hear this from me first. I really enjoy Merlin's company, and I'm spending a lot of time with him. Have you any comment? >>
  He replied, << If I'm any judge, there's no finer man either here or on Earth. Just be happy, won't you, but be careful as I've learned that pairing here when both people have familiars has to be for life. So do be sure! To save you asking, yes, I hope to marry Tyana. I'll ask her when we get the job done! >>
  Marcus felt a trip to the estuary to see just what sort of boat the thieves had come in was worth while, and as it would be the last chance to gallop for some time they decided to go overland, retracing the route Tyana had used along the coast. By evening they were examining a fishing boat that could easily have passed for one of the Newport fleet.
  "You were right, as usual." commented Tyana.
  "Not so much of the 'as usual'. I make plenty of mistakes, you just haven't seen any yet. It was only a guess that happened to be right. I'm more interested in whether they have any maps or other useful information on board."
  Unfortunately they didn't. Obviously this was in case a traveller found it. "We must make sure, though, that this boat is not here when the next pair arrive, I'll advise Merlin.
  "Let's have a swim, Darling. I'll try not to get cramp this time. Anyway it should be a lot warmer here on the West coast than in a river fed from mountain streams."
  All four went in, the humans a fraction slower as they had to strip first. To Tyana's satisfaction each unicorn conjured its own swimming aids and they soon left the humans behind. She pointed it out to Marcus, and added, "I believe Rebel has caught up with Karim's ability. He told me last night when you were asleep that he loves her. And that he loves you. I thought you'd like to know."
  Unlike the unicorns who were revelling in the unusual speed at which they could now swim, Tyana and Marcus were doing a gentle sidestroke, facing and chatting as they went.
  "How do you keep such a wonderful figure? - No, I'm not just flattering you. You seem to ride everywhere, and eat just what you like, yet you're far fitter than I am. What's the secret?"
  Tyana laughed. "You're not going to like this. Haven't you noticed that the whole Counter clan is like it. And since she spent a month with us Megan too?
  "Well it doesn't happen by accident. Any day in which we haven't done any really hard physical work is followed by an exercise routine next morning. All our friends are the same. Even Merlin works out when he's not nursing a broken arm. Isn't it marvellous news about he and Laura getting together? What's so funny?"
  "I'm laughing because you're just like my mother. In response to a simple question you've given me a lecture, ending with a complete change of subject.
  "In answer to your last question - Yes it is. She's still young enough to be able to enjoy life here, and I really do want her to be as happy as I am."
  They turned back and, still chatting, arrived where they had agreed to camp. There was no sign of the unicorns, but neither worried as nothing could possibly happen without a mental cry for help. In such a deserted area neither thought it necessary to dress.
  There was still an hour or so of daylight, but the swim, followed by a meal, had left them ready to rest if not to sleep and they laid down on the mattress.
  Relaxing in Marcus's embrace after a long tender kiss, Tyana thought 'Megan was right, and the expression ready to climb all over him just about sums it up. I can't understand why he won't commit himself though. He says he loves me, yet he doesn't seem willing to make love. I wonder what it will be like? No one has ever told me. They just say you can't describe it and leave it at that.'
  "I said what are you dreaming about? Something nice, obviously, from the smile on your face. Will you share it?"
  She realised that Marcus must have spoken before, but she had been lost. To cover it she took his hand and kissed each finger, taking her time. "I'm just happy," was all the reply she intended, but added an afterthought, "How about you?"
  For an answer Marcus moved to kiss her nearest foot, then slowly worked his way up the left leg whilst his fingers kept pace on the right one. He planted a long kiss just below her navel.
  Tyana just laid there thinking, 'Is this going to be it?'
  Marcus could reach no further without moving, so he knelt astride her by her knees leaning over to tickle her left ear with his tongue before saying, "I love every inch of you, Darling Tyana. Each one seems more interesting than the one before."
  Suddenly she was certain that this was the man she was going to spend the rest of her life with. She put her arms around him, destroying the balance on his elbows so that he had to roll to the side to avoid crushing her. She laughed. "I'm not that fragile. Come back. Lay on your side if you're worried." She took his left hand to her right breast and relaxed again.
  To be fair to Marcus he was completely in control. Although a virgin he had read all the right books and was determined to be patient as after all, they had weeks, if not months, together on the voyage and he was determined not to do anything to spoil their working relationship.
  Unfortunately for his plans, Rebel chose exactly that moment to mount Karim and express his love in the only way he knew. The mare was a very willing partner, which had the same effect on Tyana as Rebel's passion had on Marcus.
  With all the cooperation and help possible from Tyana the waiting ended, and they made love more passionately than they ever would again. For a few minutes the two pairs were as one, with each of the four getting some feedback from his or her partner, then Marcus and Tyana managed to concentrate on each other and split the foursome into two couples again.
  "That was frightening!" whispered Tyana. "I was Karim, I was Rebel, I was even you for a moment......Don't stop, Darling. I love you more than ever now, after feeling how much you love me. I'm so lucky!.... Even Rebel loves me."
  Eventually even their unicorn induced passion was spent and they collapsed into each others arms to sleep, Tyana just having time to use Refuge style contraception. She almost refrained, but her last thought was, 'We must get the job done first.' When comparing experiences with Karim next day she found that she too wanted a foal but had, like Tyana, decided that she must wait.
	

  After an uneventful gallop back to the Unicorn Witch they set sail West. The first week was taken up turning one sailor and three novices into four experts. Each could navigate by the stars or the sun, an instinctive time sense allowing Marcus to calculate how far they had travelled, using a part home designed, part conjured sextant.
  During the second week Tyana introduced a fitness programme. For an hour each day they trimmed back the sails and swam. This proved to be enough for the unicorns, but she insisted that she and Marcus do a complete work-out as well.
  Partly to get his own back, and partly in case it would ever be necessary, Marcus spent two hours a day turning Tyana from a girl who had never been in a fight into a Karate expert. He had himself been State champion before leaving Illinois, and by the end of the second month he was sure she was his equal.
  He had the edge in strength, of course, but she made up for that in speed of reaction and balance. On Earth it had always been assumed that female reflexes were slower than male ones. This certainly was not the case with Tyana.
  By that time Tyana, Rebel, and Karim knew more about the universe and the sciences than anyone on Refuge had learned before. Marcus knew everything the other three could teach him about Refuge history and practices. They also each knew how the other three thought and Marcus spent many hours creating dangerous situations for them to react to.
  Land was sighted on the sixty fifth day, and rather than rush ashore, Marcus conjured a crow's nest to the masthead and a telescope, and they turned North with all except the top of the mast 'over the horizon' if viewed from shore. Hopefully this course would, allowing for a different starting point, keep them away from the departure zone of the enemy.
  When, eventually, they saw a river estuary with no sign of life they waited until dark then conjured a thirty knot wind to take them in, and by morning the schooner was hidden and they went ashore.
  Marcus was certain that they could not be better prepared than they were, and he was himself fitter than at any time in his life. He felt that they could tackle anything Europe had to offer.

	CHAPTER NINE	

  It proved impossible to conjure breakfast next morning, which told them there was no warehouse within fifty miles. They had deliberately chosen items that were not on board the Unicorn Witch to test this. Food from their ample supplies below deck had to do for the humans, but of course Rebel and Karim went to graze. It was decided to stay together for the first scouting trip, and after heading inland for fifty miles or so they turned South to where the enemy was believed to have sailed from.
  << We can hear conversation like that from a unicorn herd, but these aren't unicorns. The 'sound' feels different. >> 
  Quite often now a comment such as this came from both simultaneously showing how close they had become.
  Immediately they slowed to a walk and searched for likely places. As the only concealed area was over a hill in front of them they slowly climbed to the top. The view was magnificent with a large valley between hills to the seaward side, and mountains to the right with many sheer rock faces leading down to the valley. It seemed that the 'conversation' was coming from caves in the cliff face.
  Marcus insisted on being the one to investigate, pointing out that he could, in an emergency, simply conjure himself back to join them. An hour later he was at the entrance to one of the caves and called in, "Is anyone at home?"
  A roar came from within, followed by a sound a little like cantering but with a lot of sliding.
  << Don't worry, his thoughts are friendly enough. >>
  'He' turned out to be twenty feet long, grey/green in colour with a typical lizard head six feet above the ground, two gigantic wings, four legs, the front two of which had opposing thumbs and could be used as hands, and an arrow pointed tail. Marcus was too close to recognise it, but when Rebel projected a picture of the whole beast to him he shouted, "A dragon! They were thought to be extinct or a myth, just like the unicorns. Try to speak to him, Rebel, Karim, and let us listen in."
  << Greetings, Friend. We would like to converse with you. Are you willing? The creature in front of you, a man, means you no harm. He is called Marcus. The female is Tyana and she is with us. We are the unicorns you see on the hill opposite. I am Rebel, the black, and Karim is the white. >>
  << I return your greeting, Rebel. I am Mandrake, and welcome the chance to speak with strangers. I couldn't understand what the human said, but I understand you clearly enough. >>
  Two hours later the others had joined Marcus and they had established that there were some fifty dragons in this part of Europe. They had had no human visitors for as long as their memories went back which was at least three hundred years.
  Mandrake told the others of his kind of the presence in their midst of strangers, and assured the travellers they could regard any dragon in the district as a friend. They learned that there were definitely no humans to the North within a hundred miles, but on the other side of the mountains, further inland, were the Were creatures.
  These, said Mandrake, were extremely intelligent but kept very much to themselves except for one who visited Mandrake regularly to play chess. They were not telepathic, but spoke as humans do.
  The dragons ate principally meat, for which they bred a small form of cattle, goats, and sheep, but had constant problems keeping them within the confines of the valley. Thinking that a favour now may be well repaid later, Tyana and Karim went to one end of the valley, Marcus and Rebel to the other, and they did some landscaping. By the time they returned the only way out was through one pass near Mandrake's cave. This, the fifty could easily take turns guarding. Very much better than having to watch over twenty exits. Promising to return before leaving for home the four skirted the dragons' valley and headed South once more.
  "Stop!" said Marcus. "I've just had an idea, but it means going back to see Mandrake again. He said he couldn't understand me, yet you unicorns had no trouble, and Tyana and I could understand him. The dragons are obviously sending telepaths, but can only receive from one such as a unicorn or their own kind. They can't receive from humans, but rely on interpreting our speech. There's one possible explanation that I'd like to test."
  Mandrake was waiting, having been advised by Rebel that Marcus wished to speak again.
  "Est ce que tu me comprends maintenant, Mon Ami?"
  (Do you understand me now, My Friend?)
  << Yes, Marcus, >> replied Mandrake, << with no trouble at all. >>
  "Merci, c'est parce que les gens sur cet continent parlons seulement le francais. Heureusement que ce n'est pas l'Allemande parce que je ne la parle pas!"
  (Thank you, it's because the people on this continent speak only French. It's a good job it wasn't German because I don't speak it!)
  Marcus again took his leave, and the party left. He explained the conversation and the conclusions drawn. "We can do one of two things," he said. "Either stop until Tyana is fluent in French, or press on and rely on my French with some excuse why she may not speak."
  "My vote is to wait and to teach me French. It sounds a beautiful language."
  << I agree, >> said Karim, << We can concentrate on just that and the time we lose will be more than made up by the usefulness of having two speakers. After all we're not really in a hurry. Any thieves who go to our home will never return. We've already  effectively ended the thefts and the resulting tragedies. We just want to know Who, How, and Why? And, of course to stop it for good! >>
  << I agree with every word! >> said Rebel.
  They returned to the schooner and for two months, after the first few days spent learning some basic vocabulary and grammar, all conversation, even of love, was in French. It would, in other circumstances, have been idyllic. Two couples on their honeymoons, each member of which was uniquely able to love each of the other three without a trace of jealousy, wonderful scenery, a bay in which to swim, and the unicorns to act as communicators to keep in touch with home. Each day started and finished by making love, but after that one experience, never by both couples at the same time. Tyana and Karim promised themselves a repeat when they were ready to get pregnant.
  The news from home was mixed. The good was that Scimitar was happy, all his mares were in foal, and the herd was secure. Laura had gone to Abinger with Merlin to be available if medical help was needed when the prisoners were brought in. She told Marcus that she and Merlin were to marry, and received his blessing and best wishes. Merlin he congratulated.
  The bad news was that the thieves, who should have arrived by now, were still awaited and it was hoped that they hadn't slipped through the net.
  Belle filled in the details for Tyana later. Marcus, being a typical man as she put it, didn't have the sense to ask. When Merlin had insisted on going to Abinger for the questioning Laura had worried. Belle had sensed this, and suggested that she went along too on the pretext that she might be needed for the prisoners. She may also learn something of interest to a healer by studying the archives.
  She had already shown that she could easily multiply Princess's stride by ten, so they had no trouble keeping pace with Belle and Merlin, but Laura insisted that they break the journey to avoid strain on the newly healed arm. For the first time since they had met they were alone for a long period and able to express their feelings without fear of being overheard and possibly laughed at.
  Belle admitted that she had cheated by telling each of them how the other felt, and encouraging them. Merlin just did not believe that an attractive woman like Laura, twelve years his junior and already popular wherever she went, could have any interest in a frail old man. He also worried about what Marcus would think.
  Laura's concern was that it was unlikely that the President, so wise and respected, would even consider tying himself to one so recently arrived from Earth.
  The first night under canvas was as awkward for them as had been Tyana's with Marcus, with neither of them making any preparation for sleep. In the end Belle had said to them,
  << I've told each of you how the other feels, and if I was Karim I could conjure you a double bed. As I am only myself, you will have to do it. Princess and I wish to sleep sometime, so Merlin - The Bed! Laura - The Duvet! As Karim has already had to tell Tyana, there are no secrets from a telepath. >> She then went on privately to Merlin, << You have always been the most special human to me, and if I could have had you myself I would have. As that couldn't be, I'm glad you waited 'til Laura came. Be happy! >>
  Thus encouraged they went to bed and the shyness and reserve disappeared. A fly on the wall would have thought they'd been together for years, and that even after all those years, were still in love. Laura was truly happy for the first time in over twenty years.
	

  When Marcus was satisfied that Tyana was fluent they went back to Mandrake for her to be tested. The dragon corrected her only once in three hours of conversation and then could find no fault during the whole of the next day. They also learned a lot.
  It seemed certain that the dragons, weres, and unicorns were all brought from Earth thousands of years before the first humans, but it was not known why of the three, only the unicorns survived on their home continent.
  Apart from the telepathic ability the dragons could at will conjure fire, but only immediately in front of them. This accounted for the legends that dragons breathed fire. All this information was, of course, passed on to Merlin to add to the history recorded at Abinger.
  "I must admire your discipline, Darling," commented Marcus. "When you set out to do something, you don't give up, do you?"
  "I enjoy chatting to Mandrake. I wish we had dragons in New America. They have a clarity of thought which surpasses even that of unicorns, and I'll miss him when we have to leave."
  << It's very nice of you to say so, Tyana. I'm very proud to be your friend. >>
  "New America?" queried Marcus.
  "Well we can't very well go on calling it Refuge, can we? Not when we know from Mandrake that Europe is probably as big, if not bigger?"
  For the third time they left the dragons, but this time decided to investigate the 'Were' creatures that Mandrake had referred to, so they went North, West around the end of the mountain range, then South again. With the speed of a ten times gallop this was easier than trying to climb over.
  The valley on the West side of the range was very much the same as the dragons' one, with caves which looked man-made in the side of the mountain, and also several small villages indicating, they assumed wrongly, human habitation scattered across the valley floor.
  As they approached the nearest village two of the inhabitants detached themselves from the watching group and came towards them. They were fascinating to look at, one male and one female which was all too obvious as neither wore clothing, skins pure white, and with short white wavy hair close to the skull. Their eyes were light blue, and the ears slightly pointed on top. When they opened their mouths, very white teeth with no discoloration, and slightly prominent canines were revealed. In spite of these differences they were, the visitors thought, extremely attractive. Each was only about five feet tall and when the female spoke it was, as expected, in French.
  "Good Day, Strangers. Can we help you? The dragons advised us that you may be coming this way and that we may trust you. Otherwise your welcome would have been very different."
  Tyana replied, as it had been the female who spoke to them.
  "As you've been told, we mean you no harm, and would welcome any information you can give us about humans like ourselves in this land, but please tell me - How would you have met us in anger. Surely Mandrake told you something of our abilities?"
  Suddenly where the man had been a wolf-like creature was racing with fangs bared towards Marcus, and where the female had been was a winged creature measuring some five feet in length, but the head was now vicious looking and like a bat's.
  The four stood their ground, and just before collision the villagers reverted to their original form.
  "My name is Vernique, and this is my mate Cantor, You don't frighten easily, do you?"
  Marcus and Tyana realised at once why Mandrake had referred to them as the 'were' creatures. They were obviously the root of the legends about vampire bats and werewolves. They had the ability to transform from one form to another at will. No wonder the Earth people had feared them and they'd had to be moved by the Old Ones to Refuge. Marcus spoke for the first time since the meeting, "We must be honest, Vernique. We weren't being brave. The two unicorns knew exactly what you were thinking and we would have been warned if you meant us harm. Rebel is the black, and Karim the white. You'll soon get to know them.
  << Hello, Both of you, from Rebel. >>
  << And from Karim. >>
  "May we stay a while? We'll provide our own food, so we won't be a burden on your village."
  Cantor came forward to shake Marcus by the hand saying, "Stay as long as you like. Our only outside contact has been with the dragons for so long that we'll welcome the change. We did have a couple of humans through here a few months ago, but they were hardly good for intelligent conversation.
  "The unicorns near here keep well away from us and we had assumed they were just animals like horses. I see we were wrong."
  He turned to the unicorns, saying, "Welcome, Karim and Rebel, from Vernique and myself!
  "We're not short of food, but it may not be to your taste. We'll have to see."
  The meal would have been excellent, if only it had been cooked. The actual make-up was fine, with a good balance between meat and vegetables, with fruit as a second course. A quickly made stone oven and some conjured fire soon solved the problem and they learned a lot about conditions in Europe. It seemed that the liking for raw meat, resulting in blood stains round the mouth after eating had obviously led to the stories of vampires living by sucking blood.
  The werefolk knew of a town of humans only two hundred miles to the South and on a river, the Seine. Fortunately this was too far South to be the one at the mouth of which they'd hidden their schooner. It was named Paris, and ruled by one who just called himself The King (Le Roi). From time to time citizens ran away and two of them had found shelter with their village recently to recover from their injuries before going further inland. No, Vernique didn't know where they'd gone.
  Their injuries had obviously been from beatings from not working hard enough, and they'd been undernourished. Marcus and Tyana were a month too late to have met them.
  From what they had learned, only the masters and soldiers were well fed in Paris, the vast majority going hungry. Marcus had to explain the concept of soldiers to Tyana, but this didn't really help. "After all," she asked, "who are they going to fight?
we've travelled hundreds of miles without meeting one human!"
  "Is it likely that other groups of your people would know more than you do?" asked Marcus. "Do any of them keep records, noting day to day what happens"
  The idea of keeping diaries was alien, and it was thought to be unlikely that other villages would be any wiser.
  Cantor said, "From the very early days when humans started coming we've kept apart from them, and let them fight their wars."
  He and his people had had no more idea than had Merlin that there were two continents. They were on the point of leaving when, in spite of not having asked the right questions, they learned something of use when Vernique asked, "Where you come from, is your leader very powerful with magic? Those two runaways said that Le Roi is very strong indeed. They insisted, but we found it hard to believe, that he can lift up more than his own weight without touching the object."
   It says a lot for her control that Tyana asked evenly, "What can the ordinary folk do?"
  "Why, nothing at all. They have no ability. They just work in the fields, in the factories making goods for the masters, or are in the army."
  The werefolk were surprised when told more about life in New America, of the universal ability to conjure, and of the tests used to classify people. "Let me show you the hardest of the Bronze tests," Marcus offered, and he took a bowl of water, showed it to Vernique, then asked Cantor to taste it.
  "What is is?" he asked, passing some to Vernique. "I like it, but what is it?"
  "Yes," said Vernique, "I like it too, but what is it?"
  "It's my favourite red wine, a Burgundy, originally made in France on Earth. Now, what have you got around here that's really heavy? You know - a tree, a large rock you'd like moved, or something like that, and Tyana here will show you just how strong our people are."
  There was one large Oak tree that had fallen the previous winter. They were slowly breaking it up and disposing of it by letting the pieces float down the river. Once it was pointed out Tyana, aided secretly by Karim, picked it up and held it some fifty feet in the air. "Where would you like it?" she asked, then on receiving no answer, "How about the other side of the river well out of your way?"
  Still getting no reply, she lowered it gently over one hundred yards from the other bank.
  "Vernique, everyone on this world has magical ability or they wouldn't be here. The dragons conjure fire, you can change your shape, humans can do what they call magic.
  "Does this lack of power exist in other towns, or just in Paris?"
  None of them had any idea.
  They told the villagers the reason for their coming to this continent and Cantor showed that Mandrake was right about their intelligence when he said at once, "It seems to me that whoever took this theurgen from your people has done the same to nearly everyone in Paris."
  "That's exactly what we're thinking!" replied Marcus.
  Once again they prepared to leave, and Vernique promised to pass the word to the other Were villages that any help they asked for was to be given. "It's a pity you have to go so soon, though," she commented, "we're having a chess contest this evening, and Mandrake said you play."
  The demonstration had taken time, so leaving was postponed, thus by the following morning the friendship had become even firmer. Tyana's feat of defeating the whole village at chess had amazed them, and she was quite proud of it herself. After winning the time-limited knock out competition she had arranged a classic demonstration. Thirty chess boards had been set up behind her and out of thirty games played blindfold she had won twenty eight, drawn one, and lost only to the one who regularly visited Mandrake to play. Marcus looked at his love with even more respect, saying yet again, "You never cease to amaze me, Darling," he said yet again. "Karim told me you play, but she gave no idea you were this good."
  The sole winner, Karpov, also praised her. "I once managed to win two games without looking at the boards, 'blindfold' did you call it? but I would never have thought it possible for anyone to remember the details of thirty at once. No wonder you beat me in the earlier contest."
  "It was close, though, Karpov. I look forward to a return match when we're here again."
  Tyana finally asked the question which had been uppermost in her mind since the first meeting, and about which Karim had been teasing her for worrying unnecessarily as she could, she assured her partner, trust Marcus implicitly.
  "Vernique, may I ask a personal question without losing your friendship?"
  "Of course! If the question offends I'll just not answer it."
  "Why do you wear no clothing even late in the evening when you obviously feel the cold?"
  Marcus was laughing, and added to Tyana's discomfort by commenting, "What she really means is that it worries her to have me able to see so many naked and very beautiful females."
  "Ignore him, Tyana.  It's just a matter of being practical," replied Vernique. "If I wore anything and then transformed to wolf the clothing would be a hindrance, and if to bat then the lower half would fall off, and the upper part would restrict my wings. I think I could enjoy changing my appearance as you can by wearing different things if it were possible."
  Tyana dressed her in several different outfits of her own where the size difference wasn't critical and provided a large mirror so that she could see the effect for herself. Vernique was delighted, and Tyana promised to try to teach her to do it for herself at a later date. Leaving her wearing denim jeans and a shirt the party left.
  They had travelled only half a mile when Karim sensed someone in great pain behind them. Rebel confirmed it, and they turned back to look for the source.
  One of the werefolk in bat form was coming in to a crash landing in the centre of the village and they rushed back to help. He was only a youth, in human terms he appeared to be about thirteen, and even though it looked as though both legs were broken he remained conscious. "Must get help. Must get help. Must get help." was all he could say. Tyana called in normal speech,
  "Karim, contact Laura through Belle, or Megan through Jet, and tell me how to help. 
  "Rebel, find out what happened. Who did this?"
  Karpov came forward. "He's my grandson Juliard from the village ten miles away. If he's flown that distance in that condition it's amazing. He must be in agony, yet he keeps himself awake. No one can help him, though. All we can do is try to make him comfortable until he dies."
  << Juliard, don't try to talk. My name is Rebel and I'm a friend of your grandfather. Think of what happened to you, and I'll tell him for you. You say you must get help. Well we will give it! >>
  Soon Rebel was able to tell the crowd, << His home village was suddenly attacked by soldiers from Paris and all the adults tied up before they could transform. They were taken completely by surprise. He tried to run and they broke both of his legs with a sweeping blow from a pike. He just managed to get away by transforming and flying. >>
  Getting directions from Karpov, Marcus mounted Rebel and was away without need for discussion.
  << Juliard, I'm Karim. Tyana is going to help you. You can trust her even though humans did this to you. Can you manage to change back to human form? >>
  He could, and as he did, Tyana and Vernique took his weight and arranged him on his back, but the effort and pain were finally too much for him and he fainted.
  Tyana could now see that the breaks were in both tibias (shin bones) but fortunately the skin was not broken and swelling was minimal, so no large blood vessels were torn. She stopped, wondering how she knew all this. << I'm in touch with Laura - those were her thoughts. Go back to looking at the injuries, and let her decide what to do. >>
  "Bring me two branches from that fallen oak, each larger than Juliard's leg."
  The villagers started to run, and one or two to fly, but Tyana called them back. "I'm sorry, I was asking Karim. Look! I have them here already."
  She took each one, and mentally trimmed it to the size she wanted then split it lengthwise, sculpting the inside so that she had a mould of Juliard's leg. Lengths of cloth from her own clothing served as padding first, then as gently as she could she fitted the back half.
  Relinquishing control of her body to Laura, as had happened accidentally earlier, she watched as if an observer whilst her hands made sure the bones were correctly positioned, and then the front halves were fitted, and wooden dowels inserted to hold them.
  "Before Laura withdrew, Tyana heard herself say, "He must put no weight on those legs for at least six weeks. Can you arrange that?"
  Vernique was crying, but controlled it long enough to say, "Of course we can, but how did you know what to do? You never mentioned being a healer. We knew you were a friend, but had no idea you could do something like this. Usually even one broken leg would result in death for us. Will he really recover?"
  Tyana explained that, hard though it was to believe, the treatment had, through Karim, been controlled by a healer over three thousand miles away. "Please don't judge all humans by what you've seen done to Juliard.
  "And you don't need to worry about those who did this. If I know my Marcus they will be very, very sorry. In fact I'll be surprised if any of them are still alive."
  "But it's over ten miles, and what can he do alone against twenty soldiers?"
  Tyana smiled, replying, "The mood Marcus will be in after seeing Juliard and feeling his pain, two and a half minutes will get him there. By now it will all be over. He and Rebel could handle several times that number if needed."
	

  As Tyana had surmised, two and a half minutes after leaving Marcus and Rebel stopped on the rise overlooking the village by the river. The villagers were laid out in two lines, bound and gagged, each guarded by a soldier, and a civilian woman was walking towards the end of the line carrying a flask.
  << Free the Left half please, Rebel. I'll take the Right. >>
  The ropes and gags fell away, the villagers transformed to wolves, and each former guard lost most of his neck as powerful jaws closed on it.  The woman would have been next, but Marcus called, "No! Keep her alive!"
  A couple, obviously the leaders, came forward and the woman demanded, "By what right do you, a stranger, tell us to let this woman live?
  "She's the one who killed my son, and I demand her life!"
  << We must exclude the healer from this. You speak please, Rebel. >> 
  << Is your son Juliard? If so he's well. Please don't speak aloud, as we don't want the woman to learn anything. Just think your answers. >>
  Again the intelligence of these people was demonstrated as they accepted what they thought was Marcus's ability instantly and he was able to explain their release. He checked that Juliard was receiving treatment and passed the information to the whole village, then ended with, << So you see, if Le Roi doesn't hear about this failure to get the theurgen he wants to steal from you he'll just send more soldiers. If we let this creature go, she can report on what happened, and as she doesn't know that I released you, and wouldn't believe it if told, she'll say that you can't be bound. Speak to her yourself and warn her that if ever one of your kind is again attacked there will be no survivors to return to her master. >>
  Juliard's mother, Justine, did as suggested then, after a promise to return later, Marcus headed downstream to see how Tyana was coping. Justine, as you would expect, accepted the offer of returning with Marcus to see her son, and sat behind him, eyes closed as Rebel once again used his fastest gallop at the highest multiplying factor he thought safe.
  They arrived just in time to hear Tyana's "The mood my Marcus will be in" speech and Justine rushed over to the makeshift bed her son was on to comfort him as he regained consciousness.
  After introductions Tyana explained what she'd done and how the treatment should continue. "My only regret is that I'm not Laura, the healer who helped. She could take his pain away."
  Justine looked at her father and asked, "Just what kind of friends have you made here, Papa? The girl saves Juliard's life and his legs will heal. The man saves our whole village from Le Roi's soldiers, and then she wishes she was someone else with even more power!"
  For answer Karpov just went up to Tyana, put his arms around her and hugged her, tears rolling down his cheeks. Marcus put a hand on Justine's shoulder and Rebel said to her alone, 
  << They are the best friends anyone could ever want, and I love them both. >>
  It would have been rude to leave as planned after what had happened so the rest of the morning was spent with that village, then the afternoon in Justine's. She, of course, elected to stay with her son who would return with her a hero in six weeks' time. In the second village they discovered that the pale skins gave the werefolk no protection from the sun, so they preferred to work when it was not bright. Another Earth legend was explained.
	

  The Seine valley was before them with farms all around what must obviously be Paris. The town itself was within a wall that made Camelot's look like decoration. Marcus explained to his companions the uses of the various features. The top obviously had a walkway round it behind a castellated parapet and at each corner was a round tower the defenders could use to cover the walls when under attack.
  Tyana was horrified at what she was told, and only at that moment realised that, on a smaller scale, Camelot's wall must have at one time served a similar purpose.
  To make life even more difficult for attackers the river had been diverted either side of the town so that it formed a wide moat with two large drawbridges providing the only access. Twenty men guarded each of the bridges, though no reason for the guard could be seen.
  They decided to camp on one of the hills and watch for a day or two to see what could be learned. Marcus made sure they were well below the skyline, something Tyana was sure she wouldn't have thought of.
  After two days spent observing, Marcus insisted on going closer on his own. "I know it's repeating myself, but I use the same argument as before. There's no way I can be caught, as I would just conjure myself out of the area and return. I, therefore, must be the one to go."
  As soon as he could see some of the people within the walls Marcus 'changed' his clothing to be more like that worn by the men and walked boldly across the bridge.
  "Halt! State your business here!" An officer and four of his men in something like Napoleonic uniform stood before him.
  "I have no business. I suffered a loss of my possessions to thieves who carried me for days and left me by the roadside. I don't even know what town this is. Can you help me?"
  Marcus thought how weak this sounded, but the officer seemed to accept it. With odds of five to one he probably thought he was safe and they escorted him to a building that he assumed was the office of his escort's superior. Too late he realised he was wrong, and he was thrown down some steps and a door slammed behind him.
  He was in a cellar, or cell, with a grating high in one wall level with the ground outside. Through this he could hear himself being discussed.
  "My Lord, You must see him for yourself and you'll understand why I didn't believe him. He's never been short of food in his life. He must be a spy from Madrid. They've been unable to breech our defences, so they think to attack us from within.
  "Also although his French is good, it's not quite the same as ours. There's a slight accent. I don't trust him!"
  "Let him stay where he is today. I'll interview him in the presence of Le Roi tomorrow."
  << Rebel, Karim, did you hear all that? >>
  << Yes, and so did Tyana. What will you do? Conjure yourself out? >>
  << No! The chance to meet this Le Roi is too good to miss. They think to make me hungry and thirsty overnight, and then question me tomorrow. Rest assured I'll dine exactly as well as Le Roi himself tonight. Keep in contact from dawn tomorrow. For now, I suggest you take the opportunity to bring Merlin up to date with our 
progress. >>
  Merlin had news of his own. The long awaited thieves had arrived and were being brought to him and to Belle in Abinger. Their suicide pills had been taken away and they were being escorted by Golds, watched every minute of the day and night. Any information which was of use would be passed on at once.
	

  Marcus allowed himself to be taken from the cell, bathed, and dressed in silk finery. He was then taken before Le Roi.
  "Good Morning, Your Majesty," he said before receiving a blow to the side of the head.
  "Speak only when spoken to, Scum, and then only to me. Do not dare to address Le Roi!"
  Marcus turned slowly to look at the man wearing a Colonel's uniform. He recognised the voice from the evening before, and, deciding to bide his time to see what he could learn, replied, "Yes, Sir."
  In spite of what he had to admit was quite skilful questioning, he stuck to his story, remembering nothing before the attack.
  "Give him a week in the Bastille!" ordered Le Roi. "I agree with your identification. He's a spy alright, but before he dies I'll know who sent him!"
  Marcus allowed himself to be taken to a prison, which he assumed was the Bastille, and he was chained to a wall in a dungeon in which were twenty other prisoners, all in rags, and all looking ill and in pain. After a while there were no guards present.
  "Are any of you fit enough to talk with me?"
  "I am. I've only been here since this morning. What do you want to say?"
  << Rebel, can you read him at this distance? >>
  << Easily, Marcus. He works for Le Roi. When you have the chance, speak instead with the man on your left. >>
  "What I have to say is 'Go back to Le Roi!'"
  After protesting his innocence for a while the man gave up, called for a jailor, and was taken out.
  << All the others are prisoners just like yourself. >>
  << Thanks, Partner. I'll see you soon. >>
  He turned to the man on his left, suggested by Rebel, and whispered, "I'm going to free us in a moment. Don't be alarmed. You and I will escape. These other wretches are too weak, but I think you can make it after a good meal."
  The shackles vanished from both of them, and Marcus steadied his companion and conjured for him, much to his surprise, first a drink, then bread and honey. Proper food would come later; what was needed now was something to give energy quickly.
  By late afternoon, after another meal Carlos, for that was his name, the only fact Marcus had learned so far, said he was ready.
  "I may as well die trying to escape as die tomorrow on the Guillotine."
  "Just keep behind me, and we'll be free before you know it. 
  "Don't, I repeat, don't try to help me if we have to fight, even if we're outnumbered. Just give me room, even if it looks as though I'll be beaten."
  Marcus scratched at the door repeatedly, at the same time conjuring open the lock. They heard footsteps on the other side of the door, and as soon as they stopped he wrenched it open, grabbed their jailor, threw him inside, conjuring for him a gag and chains, and then they left, conjuring the door locked again behind them.
  "How far to the outside of the building?" Marcus asked.
  "This passage leads to the courtyard. The only way out is on the other side of it. We either go across the yard, or all the way round inside the building."
  Marcus opted for the courtyard route, and soon they were looking at the main gate opposite. All that stood between them and freedom was a squad of guards being inspected and the portcullis at the gate. The latter was no problem, but what of the first? Carlos just wondered what this strange man had in mind. As far as he could see they were doomed.
  Seeing clouds above gave Marcus an idea. Five minutes later it started raining hard in the courtyard. The men were dismissed and ran for cover. Taking their chance Marcus and Carlos ran for the gate. As they reached the portcullis it vanished, but three men barred their way. 
  The nearest, holding a sword, advanced and thrust for Marcus's chest. It might even have been dangerous if he still had the sword, but unfortunately for him it was protruding from attacker number two's leg. Not being over bright, number one kept coming, to find his ribs separated by a blow from Marcus's right hand, held palm down, fingers together, and thumb folded across. Number three tried to throw a knife, only to find it change course in mid air and end up in his own shoulder.
  Pulling a surprised Carlos into action again, Marcus turned towards the nearest drawbridge in the town wall and they kept running.
  The bridge was down, and Karim and Rebel raced across it. After a little persuasion Carlos mounted Karim, and they turned back to the bridge that was already being raised. Whatever else these people were, they were well trained thought Marcus as he disintegrated the chains where they went round the drums.
  Travelling at over two hundred and fifty miles an hour they were soon over the brow of the hill and well hidden. They were safe from pursuit as the unicorns would detect it long before it got near.
  Marcus introduced his party, and asked Carlos to be patient and save his questions till later. Would he tell his story first?
  He was from Madrid, and his master had been at war with Le Roi for all of his life. Carlos had worked for a year as a bow maker until recognised by a trader who had previously visited his home town. He'd been hoping to find where in the town Le Roi's people were developing new weapons and pass the information back to his master. This, whilst of interest, was not what they wanted to know, and they changed the questioning technique.
  Marcus or Tyana would ask a question designed to get Carlos thinking about a subject. Rebel and Karim would then get all the information they could and pass it to their partners.
  It wasn't that Carlos didn't want to help. He was sufficiently impressed that he'd do anything for these powerful newcomers who had saved his life.
  Without knowing how, he gave the following information:-
  In each town he knew of there was an aristocratic family and only they ever showed the sort of power he had watched Marcus use, except that Marcus had more of it than any family he knew of.
  There was no choice but to obey the rulers as, given this power, they could could and did, control the food supply. The only way to get food was to work as ordered, whether that was on the farms, in one of the factories making weapons, or in the army.
  Possession of land was equal to possession of power and each of the masters devoted his life to acquiring more of it, the ultimate goal being to rule all of Europe.
  Carlos's master knew nothing of New America, and Carlos himself had only recently heard of it. It seemed likely, therefore, that their quarrel was with Le Roi and his family.
  They believed they now knew 'Who?' but not 'How?' or 'Why?'.
  "You must be extremely careful from now on," said Carlos, "they'll know now that you are more powerful than Le Roi, and you won't get a chance to use that power next time. I imagine they'll guess that you've come from New America.
  "Now, please! Tell me more about why you're here and how you came to be in the Bastille when it's quite obvious you could have avoided it if you wished."
  To save time, whilst Karim reported all they had learned to Merlin, Rebel gave Carlos their story, holding nothing back so that he could judge from Carlos's thoughts how the normal people would take the news that they had been cheated of their natural ability.
  His reaction was what Rebel had expected. He swore to devote his life to ending the rule of the nobles.
  He worked out for himself that each Royal family must remove theurgen as it developed so that they would never be threatened.
  "And I know just when they do it," he stated. "Once each year, everyone has to go before the ruler's healer for a check on his health. We always thought how generous he was."
  This information Karim passed on to Merlin at once, observing that it meant that the thieves were either allowed to keep their own for services rendered, or were of the ruling class themselves.
  "The concept of familiars was alien to Carlos. As far as he knew Le Roi didn't have one. This, thought Marcus and Tyana should give them quite an edge in the battle to come. It didn't occur to either of them to simply go home. They would end the system of rule in Paris or die trying.
  Only with great difficulty did Tyana persuade Marcus that she should play her part. Her idea was to somehow get inside Paris without arousing suspicion, then start a revolutionary group. She suggested that Marcus go with Carlos to Madrid and do the same there, returning with an army if possible. If this wasn't possible, then just come back with an army and worry about defeating Carlos's master separately later. The unicorns could play no part in Tyana's plan except transport and communications. They were thought to be unintelligent in Europe, and that secret must be kept for the benefit of the local unicorn herds.
  Rebel and Karim didn't see things quite that way, but they said nothing.
  Tyana decided to enter the town by returning with other field workers at the end of the working day. Carlos had been very friendly with one, so it was a simple matter to ambush her on her way home and substitute Sophia's clothing for her own. A few words from Carlos, mental contact with Karim, and Sophia willingly cooperated. There was no great attraction in returning to her shared room in a hovel. Phase One complete.
  Madrid was three hundred miles away to the South West and both Carlos and Sophia expected a journey of two to three weeks.
  Rebel and Karim visited the unicorns they had passed on their way from the werefolk's village and told Conqueror, the herd stallion, their tale. He had no trouble finding a young stallion who was willing to help in exchange for the excitement of travelling at the speeds the visitors demonstrated. By the end of the third day of Tyana's mission Rebel and Karim had returned with Javelin, and both Sophia and Carlos were showing some benefit from eating well.
  By lunchtime the following day Carlos, Sophia, and Marcus were walking to the gates of Madrid and the three unicorns were well on the way back. Phase Two of Tyana's plan complete.
  Javelin had decided to stay to help Rebel and Karim in the project they had chosen for themselves. Phase Three had started, but only the unicorns knew.

	CHAPTER TEN
PARIS
  Tyana had no trouble following the directions given by Sophia and finding the room she shared. 
  << Karim, please let me know what the woman in there is thinking when I speak to her. >>
  She entered, noticing in passing that there was no way of locking the door, and quickly ran over to the woman on one of the two cots, putting a hand over her mouth before she could cry out.
  "You must be Rosa! I'm a friend of Sophia, and mean you no harm. Just the opposite in fact. I'm here to help everyone in Paris - with the exception of Le Roi and his family.
  "How do you feel about that? Promise not to scream and I'll let you go. Just blink twice for 'yes'."
  The woman blinked and Tyana relaxed, but Rosa didn't speak.
  << She's terrified and thinks this is some sort of trap. >>
  "No, Rosa, it's not a trap, and you don't need to answer my questions aloud, just think about it please.
  "Are you happy here, working for Le Roi for very little food and no time off, or would you like to change it?"
  << If only it were possible! >>
  "It is possible. Has there been any talk about a man who escaped from the Bastille, taking Sophia's friend Carlos with him?"
  Rosa went white and looked to make sure the door was still closed. She held a finger to her lips.
  << It can't be true. No one has ever escaped, and if they did it would be death to talk about it. >>
  "It is true, Rosa, and you can talk quite freely to me. If anyone comes near I'll be warned, so if I change the subject when we're talking, just follow my lead."
  << This can't be happening. She seems to know what I'm thinking. 
  << Tyana, I'm going to have to speak to her to get her to believe you. 
  << Rosa! No, don't look around, you won't see me as I'm with Carlos and Sophia outside the town. I'm called Karim and I really can tell Tyana if anyone comes. To prove you can trust me, watch her, and I'll tell you what she's doing. >>
  Tyana did a little dance, then a handspring back on to her feet, finally sitting on the other cot. As this strange behaviour was related to her, Rosa realised that she had been told the simple truth. If anyone came, Tyana would be warned. 
  "Tyana, just what sort of friend is Karim? I've never even heard of a mind reader like that."
  "First, you must get used to calling me Sophia. Second, before this is over you will no doubt meet Karim. I'll tell you more about her in a moment but please. - What has been said about the escape?"
  "There's been some talk that a man was thrown in to the Bastille for being a spy. The way they tell it he used magic more powerful than could be possible to escape, and even harder to believe, two tame unicorns came into the town to carry them out and they left at hundreds of miles an hour. The soldiers who told the tale stuck to their story even though it got them executed for lying.
  "Le Roi is furious, but he didn't believe the story. My friend Maria works for him, if works is the right word, and she tells me everything when we have the chance to talk. Le Roi thinks there must be enemy agents in Paris, and they got them out."
  << Tyana, Rosa, Company! >>
  "I'm glad you feel that way, Rosa, there's far too much talk of rebellion these days. I think Le Roi's very fair. He's certainly a better master than Carlos's. That is if he really was a spy and was sent here to risk his life."
  As Tyana finished the sentence the door was thrown open and a small well dressed boy entered. "Carry on, Ladies," he said, "I come only to tell you that supper will be a little late this evening. Please come to the square outside the Bastille afterwards. Le Roi commands it!"
  "Certainly, Rudolph," Rosa replied. "Are you keeping well?"
  The boy ignored her and went to the next door to repeat his message. A few minutes later, Karim assured them they were safe once more.
  "What he overheard was about the best thing possible," Rosa commented. "Rudolph will report it to Le Roi, and he'll be very pleased. I only hope he won't be too pleased."
  "What do you mean, Rosa?"
  "Well, he may be tiring of Maria, and fancy a different bed companion. I think we'd better make you a little less attractive."
  Realising now just what Maria's 'work' was, Tyana agreed. She wanted to get to know Le Roi in her own time, and after a little thought conjured some padding for her dress. That in front made her look about six months pregnant, whilst on the back was a hump on one shoulder.
  "Will this do?" she asked.
  "That's ideal. Now, please tell me. Just what are you trying to do?"
  "First of all, Rosa, all you've heard about the escape is true. In fact Marcus, the man in question, probably did even more than the soldiers knew about.
  "The two unicorns at the end of the story were Karim the white mare who's my partner, and Rebel the black stallion who's Marcus's."
  "What do you mean - partner?"
  "Let me tell you about life where we come from, and you'll understand."
  For the next half hour Tyana gave Rosa a brief history of Refuge as she knew it. 
  "What do you call this world, by the way?"
  "Refuge!"
  << Interesting, Darling, it's the same word in both languages. >> 
  Rosa found it fascinating, especially about everyone having natural conjuring ability, and the details of qualification Bronze through to White.
  "It sounds," she said at the end, "as though even your Bronzes are as powerful as Le Roi, and we all thought he was unbeatable.
  "What grade is Marcus?"
  Tyana explained, listing the things Marcus had done to qualify, and been forced to do in prison to escape. She must have shown the pride she felt for him as Rosa commented, not as a question but as a statement, "You love him, don't you?
  "Doesn't he mind you taking the risks you are by coming here?"
  Tyana smiled as she answered, "Yes, I love him, but he wouldn't be the man for me if he was prepared to just go back home without doing what we can to change the situation here. He accepted that, as Le Roi has met him, it must be I who take the risk here. But he's going to Madrid to stir things up there a bit. I've got a sneaking feeling that Rebel and Karim have planned a little action for themselves too."
  A gong sounded in the distance and the two rushed out to join a long queue in the Mess Hall. When they eventually got to the front it took all of Tyana's self control not to vomit. The meal offered would not have been served as pig swill in Camelot. It was a sort of stew, but had obviously been re-heated many times, with just a few vegetables and a little meat added daily.
  Making the excuse that pregnancy made her feel sick, Tyana gave hers to the man on her left and tried not to think about it as Rosa tucked in greedily. There was no further chance to talk, and soon they were assembled in the square outside the Bastille as ordered.
  It was Tyana's first sight of Le Roi and she studied him carefully. He was only about five feet six, but he reminded her of pictures she had seen of Napoleon when in Abinger. She was sure he was deliberately imitating Napoleon, as even the soldiers were dressed in the right uniforms. He waited till the crowd had settled, then addressed them.
  "My People, for that is how I think of you as My People, and I love you all as you love me. I am sorry to have to tell you that in your midst are spies from our hated enemies in Madrid.
  "They have already broken two of their kind out of the Bastille, but there are still many here amongst you. I know this as the story told by my soldiers I know to be lies and on your behalf I have punished them. There are now vacancies for seventeen men in Our Guard. Those wishing to apply please stay behind after the meeting and see Commandant Reichler.
  "I ask you all to be vigilant. There will be extra rations for a month for anyone who identifies a single one of the spies in our midst. I thank you. Good Night."
 Tyana and Rosa retired to their room and, when Karim said it was safe, continued where they'd left off.
  Rosa had had time to think of many questions whilst they ate, and the first was, "How will you survive if you don't eat the stew provided daily for us?"
  For answer, Tyana conjured herself a medium rare steak with French fries and salad. Then, seeing Rosa's expression, doubled the 'order' and gave Rosa hers.
  "But where did it come from? And how did you do it?" she wanted to know.
  "It most likely came from Le Roi's own store. He'll probably accuse someone on his staff of stealing, but I can't help that. I do know that neither of us will go hungry, or," she added producing two glasses of Burgundy, "thirsty whilst I'm here.
  "As to how, this is only magic of below Bronze level and everyone, including you, who is on this world can do it."
  Rosa protested that this was just not possible, but Tyana interrupted her when she had a sudden thought.
  "When new people from Earth arrive here, what happens to them? Is there a standing order as to what to do with them?"
  "That's one of the first things we were taught at school. They must be treated kindly and taken to Le Roi's healer to make sure they've suffered no harm in transit here."
  << Did you hear that, Karim? - Silly question! What I mean is - do you realise the significance of it? >>
  << We certainly do. The Healers are the expert extractors of theurgen and the new arrivals are dealt with before they have time to use their natural ability. We're relaying all this to Merlin as we're not leaving for Madrid until Rosa and Carlos are in better health. >>
  Tyana explained now about her 'Theurgen theory' and the events that had brought them to Europe in search of the thieves.
  "But even though we are now sure that Le Roi and his family are the thieves, we don't know how or why. We also don't know for certain that they are the only ones.
  "That's why I'm here, and Marcus is going to Madrid. We could, using our powers, have simply wiped out the whole Royal family, or humiliated them to the point that the people would rebel. But that would have been of no use if there are other thieves in other towns. We have to know!"
  It was only after Tyana had organised a conversation between Sophia and Rosa, using the unicorns, that Rosa finally accepted that Tyana was just who and what she said she was.
  "I get the feeling, Tyana, sorry, Sophia, that you haven't told me just how powerful you are yourself."
  << She won't. Even Karim wouldn't boast about it, but I am Rebel, and I don't mind telling you.
  << If the whole of the Royal families of every town in Europe were to join together and work as one, they would still not be nearly equal to Tyana alone. Good Night, Both of you. >>
  << And I am Karim. Rebel is too modest. He failed to tell you that Marcus is even stronger than Tyana in sheer lifting power, but I admit she has more control and more experience. I also wish you Good Night, as do Marcus, Sophia, and 
Carlos. >>
	

  The next day was to be remembered later as one of the worst in Tyana's life, yet these poor people had to endure that sort of thing every day of their lives. A two mile walk got them to the fields where today's job was potato lifting. Tyana had done this job before and remembered it well. She was expecting an easy day.
  When she had last assisted she had been ten years old. A team of four horses had pulled a plough that had been modified to expose the potatoes. Tyana and her classmates who had been visiting the farm for the day had lifted the potatoes, discarded the soil, and filled the baskets. These had been, in turn, taken away by one of the adults. Simple exercise.
  In contrast she was given a fork by an obviously well fed overseer, and told, "This is your row for this morning. Leave any behind and I'll take it out on your hide."
  With no variation in tone Tyana heard this message repeated as he went down the line until out of earshot.
  Not wishing to risk giving away her identity, and bearing in mind that she was fit, Tyana decided not to assist her work with magic, but to do as she was supposed to and dig, and then pick up manually. By lunchtime she was beginning to regret it, then came an even greater shock. It might be lunchtime, but that didn't mean that they got fed. All they had was a ten minute break, then back to work on another row. More than one of the workers felt the overseer's whip when he checked and found potatoes not picked up. By the end of the afternoon shift, Tyana's resolution was beginning to waiver and more than one potato overlooked found its way nonetheless into the baskets.
  "When you've taken them all to the warehouse, you can call it a day!"
  These were not exactly the words Tyana wanted to hear after what she'd done that day. Bearing in mind the fact that the overseer thought she was six months pregnant, she decided that he needed teaching a lesson. She made sure that she would recognise him during the evening meal, and made her plans.
  Fortunately it was easy for Tyana to 'lighten' the loads of every person present without giving herself away. The one exception was that of Grundy, the overseer. She made the one he carried twice as heavy.
  Rosa had been busy and had, as instructed by Tyana, started a rumour that the True King would deal with Grundy that evening in his own way, and the message had come back to Tyana twice, thus everyone was watching him during the meal. Rosa had queried the instruction until Tyana explained, "I want Le Roi and his people looking high and low for a man. Especially looking like this I should be a long way down his search list. Just make sure that as many as possible are looking at him this evening. The fact that they are watching will help, and when they see what happens it will give them hope."
  When they were once more alone Rosa brought the conversation back to theurgen and its theft. "Were you trying to tell me that if I'd never been to a healer and had mine stolen, then I'd be like you and Marcus."
  "I'm saying that everyone here, including you, has the basic ability of making objects move as they wish. There are differences in achievement though. Less than one third of our own people reach Bronze level, but," and Tyana really stressed this last part, "they all have a right to whatever ability they are born with. Nobody should be allowed to take it away. That's why we four came!"
  "Four? There are others?"
  "You forget Karim and Rebel. On this continent you think of the unicorns as animals. To us they're people. Believe me, they are on average more intelligent than humans, and they have a sense of honour beyond belief.
  "Changing the subject, remember that we'll be able to eat properly later. You don't need to force yourself to have that mush they serve."
  Looking around the Mess Hall, Tyana found as she expected that the overseers got special treatment and were served their meals on plates covered by silver domes. She identified Grundy's and concentrated on it for a moment.
  When they all prepared to eat it was revealed that whilst all the overseers had what might pass for a meal if one was desperately hungry, and definitely better than the workers had, Grundy's was identical to that being served to Le Roi and his Generals.
  The resulting argument caused Le Roi to send one of his minions to find out the cause. As Tyana had expected, Le Roi's speech of the previous evening had planted suspicions of everyone in the overseers' minds and, as surely as if she had told him what to say, one of them called out,"You must be the stinking spy, giving yourself food fit for Le Roi!"
  In any army there's always one who's anxious to kill first and ask questions afterwards. Le Roi would never know whether Grundy was loyal or not as a fellow overseer had killed him to claim the reward.
  More important from Tyana's point of view, the mutterings around the various tables were all about the True King.
  Later she was explaining the psychology to Rosa. "I've studied a lot of Earth history and always in a dictatorship like this is there are people waiting to take over. And the dictator knows it. All I'm doing is playing on it. What I really want is to learn more about the healers, but so far I haven't thought of a way to do it. So in the meantime I just cause what trouble I can, and make life better for us.
  "Have a Dover Sole and all the trimmings!"
  By the end of the second day Tyana had been asked by four separate people had she heard that the True King was planning another 'dismissal' this time of Commandant Reichler.
   << Karim! >> and soon she had all six brains working on how to get rid of Reichler. It was Rebel who came up with the answer, confirming to Rosa what she'd been told about unicorns.
  She made sure the rumours were reinforced to the point where there was nobody, and that included Reichler and Le Roi, who failed to hear about it. This got the two talking and Rebel listened in on Le Roi, whilst Karim monitored Reichler.
  Reichler was speaking when the monitoring started, with Tyana and Marcus also 'present'. The parts inserted by Karim and Rebel took virtually no time, but for the people talking it was just as if they had been spoken.
  "..definitely more than one spy. That escape was well planned. The men on the portcullis, the men on the drawbridge, the jailor, they all had to be in on it << unless of course it was planned by you. >>"
  "What do you mean 'planned by me'. How dare you insult your King that way. I thought I could trust you, at least. << Mind you I've wondered once or twice. >> But I don't want to fall out with you << even if I don't trust you now. >> Who do you think could be behind it?"
  "Is it possible that the people we've been getting the extra Essence from have sent someone?" asked Reichler. "You know I've always thought it very risky, even though without it we would never have got the promise of new weapons. << and when we've got them we'll see who's boss. >>"
  I was watching your lips then, and I know you didn't speak, so I can only assume you can read minds. You let it slip. Goodbye, Reichler!"
  Rebel and Karim withdrew immediately as neither cared to be present if Reichler was about to die.
  Next morning though, the news had spread through the town that Reichler had been the main spy and had been justly rewarded.
  Marcus and Tyana said a fond farewell, and she started planning to manage without the unicorns for a while. 'Just as well,' she thought, 'I got away with it so far, but it may not have lasted.'
  The True King's reputation was greater than ever, and growing daily, and Tyana decided to have him responsible for the messages she sent out telling everyone that they would have had the same power as Le Roi, but the healer had taken it away.
  This rumour spread quickly and Tyana was told it several times during her morning shift. Nobody seemed willing to do anything about it though, they needed proof.
  Another rumour was started. 'The True King will break the chains holding the South drawbridge after dinner tonight.'
  As expected the guard on the drawbridge was doubled, the people were kept twenty yards away from it, but allowed to watch as Le Roi thought the man might give himself away by trying to get close enough to break them. Le Roi knew for certain that it could not be done from more than ten feet away as that was all he could himself have managed.
  Tyana and Rosa were over fifty yards away when she broke the chains right on time, and took great comfort from the expression on the modern Napoleon's face. The guards on the bridge were all executed, as he believed it must have been one of them.
  In spite of the rules about meetings, several were held and Tyana knew that The True King had got the support of the general public. All she had to do was to keep them stirred up until Marcus returned with an army, as because of their greed the soldiers seemed to be staying loyal.
 Le Roi appointed a new commandant, Kross, who it was unfortunate for Tyana, had a brain and could use it. He, without any prior warning, separated all the men from the women farm workers and had them have their annual medical check early.
  Although Tyana didn't know it, he had done the same for the bow makers, the builders, his own soldiers, and in fact every group of men who had been in the town on the evening of the drawbridge demonstration. Thus, when the next event occurred, which was the serving of Le Roi with the slop he normally gave his field workers, Kross was able to say, "We are looking not for a man, but for a woman, and for a woman who was not here two weeks ago, as there were no incidents until then.
  "I further predict that this is no ordinary woman who has slipped through the net. She's from somewhere like Camelot. I've visited the land several times when I was a collector, and I've tried to tell you just how powerful their witches are, but you chose not to believe. I will find her!"
  The right questions, always rewarding the informer with more food and promises of a better future, led him a week later to suspect Tyana.
  Creeping into their room in the middle of the night Kross and a hand picked team used wooden batons to simultaneously knock out Rosa and Tyana with blows on the head.
  When they came round it was to find themselves chained to a wall in a dungeon and with, in Tyana's case for the first time in her life, a headache. She guessed immediately what had caused it but she had to try to.....No! She mustn't try, for if they had taken her theurgen she had just enough power left for a little magic, judging by what had happened to Darren, and she'd better save it.
  She didn't have long to wait for the jailor to check on her condition. Tyana had heard of this man. He was bald headed, was naturally ugly, and had a scar on the side of his face from a sword fight. His reputation was that of a vicious bully and went only by the name 'Killer'. She prepared to use the last of her power to throw him head first into the wall, but he just said,    "I'm to take you to Le Roi!"
  Kross had obviously kept to himself his capture of her as he said when she was brought in, "Your Majesty, may I present to you the True King, or rather the False Queen, minus the Essence which made her so powerful."
  He held aloft a flask containing a golden liquid not dissimilar to honey, and Tyana had confirmation that she had become a victim.
  "You will note that the amount is greater than we sometimes collect in a whole day. No wonder she had power!"
  Turning to Tyana he asked, "Just how powerful were you? You will notice I said 'were'.
  "For example, how far away from the chains were you when you broke them?"
  As there seemed no reason for secrecy, and as she realised that Karim had just rejoined her she answered, "About fifty yards. You people don't realise just what you have done by attacking me and stealing that which made me what I am. Any one of my many friends could break chains like that at two hundred yards, and could handle the combined efforts of the European Royal Families single handed. Of course, I don't expect you to believe me."
  Kross surprised her. "On the contrary, My Dear, I do believe you, and I'm anxious to learn just how you achieve it.
  "May I have this wench for my own pleasure, "Your Majesty?"
  "If you wish, though what you want with a pregnant hunchback I don't know. However, you may have her."
  The morning was spent locked in a reasonably comfortable room after being bathed, the padding which of course the healer had spotted removed, and a sort of harem costume given to her to wear. Kross came to claim his reward after lunch which had been served by a pleasant enough girl. Looking at him as he crossed the room almost made Tyana sick. He spoke as he walked towards her. "We can do this the easy way, or the hard. I don't mind. Unlike that dolt of a King, I saw through your disguise and see you as the most desirable woman I've ever met. One way or another you'll be mine! Whether it's by force or choice is up to you. Your magic can't help you now!"
  << Tyana, it will help if the Commandant is not in charge of his forces when we enter Paris. >>
  'Anything to oblige' thought Tyana as she walked towards the seven feet tall, eighteen stone hulk of a man. Looking him over as though interested she noted through his shirt that he was well muscled, but slightly thick in the waist, with rolls of fat above the hips. Even so a straight forward attack would be a waste of time as he only had to get hold of almost any part of her and she would be finished.
  "I suppose we may as well get this over with," she said.
  Kross relaxed his vigilance as she had expected. Tyana ran forward arms open wide as though greeting a lover, then when seven feet away, turned to horizontal, legs drawn half way back to her chest.
  The two feet, driven by legs which had been around a unicorn's chest for most of their eighteen years lashed forward. One landed first, low on the left side of his rib cage, driving the lower ribs into his spleen. A split second later the other landed outer edge first aimed at the philtrum, the nerve centre just below his nose, which was coming forward after the chest hit.
  Tyana landed lithely on her feet, hands held as Marcus had trained her, but she immediately relaxed as he was obviously unconscious. She risked a closer examination when his chest had not moved for about five minutes and found him to be dead. Her second blow had been two to three inches high as she'd been unable to adjust for him bending forward, and the resulting point of impact was between his eyes, fracturing his skull.
  She was, however, still a prisoner as Kross had had the door locked behind him by someone outside. He may be dead, but he'd missed very little. She did, though, have the flask  of her Theurgen which he'd brought to gloat with. All she had to do was wait to be released, then get close to a healer, find just where in the skull it was normally held and make him or her replace it.
  Put like that, it didn't sound too hard. 'Who am I kidding?' she thought, and changed her plans. All she could do was try to survive until her friends arrived. She decided to save what little magic she had left for a real emergency.
  << Karim! >>
  << Yes, Tyana? >>
 Quickly Tyana brought her partner up to date.
  << Tyana, you won't recognise this voice because it's the result of a merge of the three of us. We're very proud of what you've achieved. The only danger to us was that the general public would fight us, and we had no wish to hurt them. You've not only made sure that won't happen, you've left the garrison with no commander. >>
  << Just make sure you keep the healer alive, >> Tyana replied.
  << I've got my theurgen here but we need to know how it was removed, and how to replace it. >>
	
MADRID
  When Carlos explained to the Sergeant of the Guard that Marcus had helped in his escape he did, as arranged, not give any details. Soon, after a bath, change of clothing, and a good meal, they were shown into the ruler, Castillio's audience chamber.
  Carlos was puzzled as to why Marcus insisted that Sophia be not separated from them. He soon learned the reason.
  During the ride Marcus had had time to modify Tyana's plan as he thought it unlikely she would be able to fool Le Roi for more than three weeks, and the return journey would be slow, with an army. In any case, he preferred direct action.
  As they walked into the chamber he noted that there were six Guards on each side, all armed with wicked looking pikes, with swords sheathed by their sides as back up. On a balcony were a group of archers with crossbows. He smiled to himself. Castillio was even more cautious than Le Roi had been.
  When certain that he had mentally placed all the weapons in the room he acted. The whole collection of bows, swords, knives, and pikes formed a pile in front of Castillio, except for two loaded crossbows which arrived in Marcus's and Carlos's hands ready aimed at Castillio's chest.
  "Any man wishing to serve me instead of Castillio may come and collect his weapon," shouted Marcus. "Decide now, though, for you will have no second chance.
  "Castillio, cease the futile efforts to collect a weapon for yourself, or I will kill you now."
  Castillio's efforts stopped at once, but the important thing was that the respect his men had previously had for him had gone forever. They trooped to pay homage to their new and more powerful master.
  "My second in command will be Carlos here. Obey his orders as you would mine.
 "Now, bring me at once Castillio's personal healer!"
  The Healer, a woman of about forty, introduced herself as Carmen, and assured Marcus of her loyalty. 
  "You may now prove it. Remove what you call the 'Essence' from Castillio here, and explain each move first so that I can learn how it is done."
  Castillio had gone white and was pleading with Carmen, with Marcus, with Carlos, with Sophia, with anyone in sight not to take his power away, but, thinking of the poor wretches in Paris, and being certain that it was the same here Marcus warned him once to be silent, then when he was not, rendered him unconscious with a Karate blow behind the ear.
  "Your Highness needn't concern yourself with the details. I will do as you wish and remove the Essence from him."
  "Carmen, I give only one warning, as you just saw. Do exactly as I told you!"
  Carmen was still reluctant. "But I had to swear an oath when I became a healer never to reveal the secret or I would die a thousand deaths, and lose my own ability as well."
  Marcus pointed at Castillio's throne, a marble structure weighing well over two tons, with Castillio still slumped in it. As he raised his finger the throne rose, then hovered six feet above Carmen's head. "It's decision time!" he said.
  "Alright! You win!" 
  Carmen explained that the Essence was in what she called a hole in the head just below the centre of the forehead. One simply conjured the contents into a bottle and the job was done. Once you had seen the liquid and knew what it was like it was no harder than selecting what to eat and 'calling' for it.
  Marcus lowered the throne and pulled off Castillio. "You won't find much in here, but demonstrate!"
  Carmen held a small vial near Castillio and then there was a about an egg cup full of golden honey like liquid within the vial.
  "Who taught you to do this?" asked Marcus, "and how did they learn?"
  "I only know what my teacher told me. The secret has been handed down generation after generation for hundreds of years. It's possible it was an accident during a fight originally, but we don't really know.
  "When my grandmother was only a little girl a man came from Earth who was a doctor - that's a sort of healer. He was made a healer here and whenever someone died he was allowed to cut them up. He was looking for the difference between people here and on Earth, and he found it. The hole, he called it the sinus front something I can't remember is different. He wrote down the explanation in detail. I'll get it for you if you wish."
  "Yes!" Marcus answered. "Later!"
  He then called to Carlos. "Are you brave enough to risk Carmen giving this to you to hopefully restore the power you've had taken away?"
  "Yes, Master!"
  He turned to Carmen and told her, "Do it!"
  "But it's never been tried that way round before. It may not work."
  "Try, unless you wish to annoy me again."
  It seemed that Carmen did not wish that, for the vial emptied and Carlos collapsed almost to his knees, holding his head.
  Marcus caught him, but he was already regaining control.
  "I'll be alright, Sir! I've got my balance back, but my head aches worse than after a night's drinking!"
  "I can have her remove it again if sleep doesn't help, but based on what we know when a large amount is stolen at once, a night's rest may cure it. I'd like you to try."
  Before Carmen left to get the written explanation for Marcus he asked her, "Why do the collectors only take from our people who have no familiar? What difference would it make?"
  "I'm sorry, Master, I don't understand the question. Our collectors are the healers, and they take from everyone at the annual inspection. Forgive me, Sir, but - What's a familiar?"
  Marcus dismissed her without answering, reminding her to bring the doctor's explanation to him in the morning, and thinking,
  'So, the thefts from us are all down to Le Roi. That's what I wanted to know.'
  He called all the now loyal troops to him and explained what they had just witnessed. "If you had not had your annual visits to the healer to check on your health, you would all have been at least as powerful as Castillio." The angry mutterings were music to his ears.
  He stopped those who showed signs of leaving, obviously to find Carmen, warned them that he wanted no action against any healer. He went on to explain where he had come from and about life in New America where everyone had plenty to eat, and everyone had an equal chance of education and choice of work. A few demonstrations of what had to be done for Bronze tests and the last hesitators were won over.
  "Now, I want you all to go out into the town and spread the word that things have changed here, and I remind you to make sure that there's no talk of revenge on the healers. If you think about it, they had no choice!
  "I want volunteers to go with me to overthrow Le Roi in Paris in the same way, and to free their people as well.
  "When this is all over, I will be returning to New America and if the people here wish it, I will arrange the sort of government we have there, with a Council chosen by the people making the decisions.
  "Now, you are dismissed. The only army I need is one of volunteers to come with me to Paris. Anyone willing, come to the square tomorrow at noon."
  Marcus called Carmen back, and got confirmation that Castillio had only had the Essence removed to preserve his power. He traded bottles of it with Le Roi for food. One reason for the continued war with Paris was to learn why he wanted it. She knew that Le Roi had similar arrangements with other towns, but had no idea why. Le Roi was the only buyer. No other ruler had any use for it.
	

 Carlos woke with no headache and delighted Sophia, who had stayed by his bedside all night by conjuring her a steak as he had seen Marcus do many times. She was persuaded to rest at last, and Carlos was the first volunteer for Marcus's new Army of Liberation.
  So many wanted to come that he had to choose a temporary Council as a reason for keeping some men and women in Madrid. He pointed out that the food still had to be grown, but if no labour was wasted making arms and serving in the army, they could soon have enough to eat regularly. He also promised that within six years they would all have the ability to use magic to help.
  Maybe Tyana would object to there being no women, but in the end he took four hundred men, all of them of the original trained soldiers. He assured them that they would have no trouble entering the town and would probably not have to do any fighting, but they still wanted to come.
  The Sergeant of the Guard who had met Marcus when he arrived proved to be a natural organiser and he was given the job of Quartermaster for the journey. Instead of having to threaten as he had the last time a foray was planned, he found people rushing to give him what he needed. They now believed in what they were going to fight for, which made all the difference.
  During the journey back to Paris Marcus moulded his force into a modern fighting unit, divided into twenty small groups of twenty, and one member of each platoon he designated Corporal. The corporals received instruction in simple unarmed combat techniques that allowed them to impress their men. All of them were taught to restrain a prisoner without injury in case they had to overcome opposition from the ordinary citizens, but, as Marcus told Carlos, "If I'm any judge, Tyana will have them on our side by the time we arrive.
	

  Rebel, Karim, and Javelin trotted quietly out of sight of Madrid then stopped.
  << Javelin, >> Karim said << you mustn't feel obliged to help now. You've done what you promised, and have our thanks! You're free to return to your herd, if that is your wish. >>
  << Don't you like me? >>
  << Of course we like you. We also respect your right to lead your own life. The fight to come is between the humans. We've made it ours as we love Marcus and Tyana. We also think that their way of life should be supported. >>
  Javelin protested, << You're not the only unicorns who can think for themselves, you know. I want to help! What can I do? >>
  That settled, Rebel took turns with Karim holding a nine times spell for themselves and Javelin and they headed for the Werefolk village of Cantor and Vernique.
  Javelin was surprised to hear that they would receive a welcome but such was his trust that he made no objection as the three entered the village without slowing, Karim and Rebel having called ahead. Vernique showed her complete acceptance of unicorns as people by asking, "Who's your handsome friend?"
  Javelin was introduced, and Rebel asked that the whole village be called to a meeting.
  Karim, as the more experienced in speaking to large numbers at once explained again why their party had come across the sea. She told them of what Tyana and Marcus were trying to do and said that they, the three unicorns intended to help.
  If the Werefolk liked the sound of life as it was in New America would they be prepared to help storm Paris if Tyana needed help.
  Cantor came forward and said, "I can speak for us all. When Vernique offered help if Tyana needed it it was no idle gesture. Every adult we can spare will start tomorrow, and after the way she helped Juliard we'll have no trouble collecting more from other villages on the way."
  Karim offered to provide rapid transport if it would help and at dawn she and Cantor left, arranging to meet Vernique and the others outside Paris.
  Rebel and Javelin retraced the original route to Mandrake's valley and made the same request. Such was the bond formed between Tyana and Mandrake that the dragon wanted to set off straight away when he heard that she may be in danger. Of the fifty, twenty of the youngest were detailed to look after their herds and all the others were ready to depart half an hour after the unicorns arrived.
  << But what can I do? >> asked Javelin.
 Rebel explained the principle behind Tyana's stride multiplying spell and had Javelin try for himself. He managed four times normal and was obviously very disappointed.
  << You're not partnered with a human yet, and you've never even tried before, but you've just demonstrated that you're at least Bronze on the New American scale in your own right. If you take a partner, even a very weak one, you'll double at least. If you bond with a man of Marcus's ability, you'll be as strong as I am!
  << More important is the fact that you can now help. Your gallop is faster than the dragons can fly. Go with them to Paris and act as communicator for us. That will leave me free to go back and find Marcus. >>
  Saying farewell yet again to Mandrake, and after having a few brief words with Juliard and his mother, he did just that and found Marcus two days out from Madrid. It was from Carlos that he got the details of how his partner was now King Marcus of Madrid. Rebel disapproved of one detail, though, and went back to Madrid to get Sophia. As he'd been sure she would she not only wanted to be with Carlos, she wanted to be there when Le Roi was deposed.
	

  The Liberation Army, with Marcus on Rebel at the head was on the skyline overlooking Paris. Unlike on their last visit Marcus wanted to be seen.
  On the other two hills overlooking the town and plainly visible from it were gathered Mandrake's dragons, and the Werefolk in wolf form.
  Karim had been called by Tyana, she and Rebel had included Marcus in the conversation and they had just heard,
  << Just make sure you keep the healer alive. I've got my theurgen here but we need to know how it was removed, and how to replace it. >>
  << We don't need their healer. Any one of the three of us can restore you as soon as we're with you. Just keep safe. We love you! >>
  Still preferring direct action to Tyana's more subtle approach, Marcus rode Javelin down to the North drawbridge, with Karim on his Left carrying a volunteer corporal, and Rebel carrying Carlos on his Right. They stopped, then Marcus shouted across to the Guard, "I demand you surrender Le Roi and his family to me. They do not deserve to rule and I have decided to replace them."
  The only reply was a shower of crossbow bolts, which were simply returned along their flightpath to shoot the bowmen. Marcus continued, but using the telepathic voice Tyana had developed when in Kissimmee and which would carry to every person in Paris, including he hoped, Tyana.
  << We will not start our attack until one hour has elapsed. During that hour you will have the chance to surrender, and we invite all citizens to stand on the city wall and look at our army. You will be safe, as we will not return fire even if attacked until the hour is up. Please do attack us in order that you can judge our strength.
  << There are three sections to our force, and a small detachment of each will come right up to the river bank for your inspection each headed by one of us riding a unicorn.
  << Unless the drawbridge is lowered in surrender after one hour, I will lower it myself as you may remember I did once before. >>
  As the walls filled with spectators, Karim with the corporal on her back led twenty of the Werefolk in human form down to the river. As they got near enough to be seen easily, they transformed to wolf and charged, changing to bat, back to wolf, then to human and stopped. All the arrows, rocks, and other missiles sent were simply diverted to the river by Karim. As one the twenty bowed, turned their backs, and marched back to their fellows.
  Rebel, with Carlos on his back, similarly led ten of the dragons, who lit fires along their route as though breathing flame. Just as Karim had, he diverted the missiles into the Seine.
  Finally Marcus, riding Javelin, led a platoon of his Liberation Army, once again diverting the arrows and even the thrown boiling oil. Although the citizens were frightened by the werefolk and dragons, the soldiers were more worried by the apparent invincibility of a small platoon of cavalry.
  The hour was up, and the same three unicorns and riders once more approached the North drawbridge. Marcus again demanded the surrender of Le Roi. He then used the enhanced voice to speak to those behind the walls.
  << Le Roi does not worry about the slaughter of his people. We, though, of the Liberation Army, do care. Just the three of us will now enter by the North gate. anyone opposing us will die by his own weapon. Be warned! >>
  Of course those behind the walls though that 'three of us' meant Marcus, Carlos, and Zandro, the corporal chosen to ride Karim.
  Zandro would talk about the next ten minutes for the rest of his life. Even though he trusted Marcus, he still didn't really believe that he could take the town single handed, yet that is what he apparently did. Only many years later did he learn that the unicorns also had power.
  As Marcus led his deputation forward it was a simple exercise to break the locking mechanism and turn the capstan on the drawbridge to lower it gently across the river in spite of the efforts of the guard to prevent it. They walked slowly across as though without a care, and Marcus let Rebel and Karim deal with the arrows, each one of which was sent back into the bowman who fired it. They soon stopped coming, as did the lances, thrown knives, and even stones. They halted in the square by the Bastille.
  << Bring me the coward Le Roi! >>
  Nothing happened.
  << If it will encourage him to have some backbone, I will stay and face him alone. We can see then if he is fit to rule. If he wishes to accept, show a white flag from his palace. >>
  He dismounted, as did the others. The white flag was flown, and he mounted Rebel, trusting that if anyone noticed the change they wouldn't realise the significance of it. Karim and Javelin took their riders back across the bridge.
  To show just how much contempt he had, he allowed the bridge to rise behind them. Whilst this seemed important to the soldiers of the garrison, Marcus knew that Karim could have it down in a second if she decided it was necessary.
  Le Roi came out to meet him riding an exceptionally large, well trained, horse. He stopped when about six feet away and faced Marcus, his expression changing when he recognised him.
  "You! I should have had you killed when I had the opportunity!"
  "That's just the point, Your Exmajesty, you never did have the opportunity. I left your accommodation in the Bastille as soon as I tired of it. My only reason for not taking Paris then was that I wanted information.
  "No! I'm serious. I went with Carlos to Madrid, and within three hours I was their King. I could easily have done the same here.
  "You're not fit to live, let alone rule, yet I will spare your life if you answer my every question.
  "Where is Tyana, the woman who recently caused you some discomfort and called herself 'The True King'?"
  "Go to Hell!"
  << He doesn't know. She was taken by his Commandant for pleasure, as we already knew. >>
  "Where are the quarters of your Commandant?"
  "Be damned!"
  << Got it! >>
  "Why do you take from your subjects their Essence as you call it?"
  "That's none of your business!"
  << It's for the reason we deduced. >>
  "Why have you been sending your thieves across the sea to steal from us?"
  "Why not?"
  << Because we needed more than we could get here. >>
  "What do you do with it when you have collected it?"
  "It's mine to do with as I wish. Am I not Le Roi?"
  << He has it stored in the cellars under the palace. >>
  "How does it help you get new weapons?"
  "I don't understand."
  << He trades it with the Godhe for plans to make them. >>
  "Who are The Godhe?"
  "How do you know about them?"
  << They come from the sky after speaking to him through a box in the palace and meet him by arrangement. >>
  "One last question for now. How do you extract the Essence from someone?"
  "I have no idea. My healer does it."
  << For the first time he tells the truth. >>
  "Then I will demonstrate!" So saying Marcus conjured to his hand a clear flask and held it towards Le Roi. He concentrated for a moment on the area just above, and between his eyes, allowing for the thickness of the skull, and 'called' the golden liquid to come to his flask.
  Le Roi fainted as he recognised it, and that was the end of the opposition. The drawbridges were lowered. Le Roi's flag was came down and that which had been Castillio's was raised. The Army outside, and representatives of the dragons and werefolk advised of the end of the war by Karim, came in to be welcomed as friends.
  Karim soon arrived herself, and with Rebel's remembered directions they went straight to the wing of the palace where Tyana was locked.
  << Free yourself, Our Love! We're here! >> called the mental voice of the group and the door disappeared as Tyana ran to join them. Whilst they were still kissing Marcus took the flask from her and replaced the theurgen where it belonged. Tyana felt it happen as it was cold, and pulled away.
  "Before we compare notes, I've something to do in the dungeon. I feel fine, apart from a slight headache, but am I really back to normal?"
  "Yes, I promise you, Darli...." but she was off, running.
  The others followed as best they could.
  Tyana got there just in time to see her former jailor, Killer, tear off Rosa's dress whilst she was still shackled to the wall with her arms and legs uncomfortably wide apart.
  "I wouldn't! Not unless you're tired of living!" she greeted him.
  The man, whilst smaller than the former Commandant, was still twice Tyana's weight and, seeing her without the hump and front bulge he decided she was more attractive than Rosa, so he turned to her instead and charged. He stopped as Marcus entered.
  "He's mine! You help Rosa. She was a good and loyal friend to me, and it's because of me she's here!"
  Marcus walked past the surprised man and with a thought freed Rosa, conjured away the dirt and grime, and dressed her in one of Tyana's outfits as they were about the same size.
  Rosa recovered, looked down at herself, and said, "You can only be Marcus. But aren't you going to help Tyana? He'll kill her!"
  "No he won't!" Then he spoke to the man.
  "If I were you, I'd give up now, before you get seriously hurt."
  The man ignored this sound advice and threw a straight left jab at her head. He was used to winning rough house fights quickly and had built up a reputation as the toughest in Paris.
  Tyana dived under it to a forward roll, ending on her feet half turned away from him. She checked on his rate of turn, then pivoted to the right on the ball of the left foot whilst the right leg raised so that the ball of the foot hit him on his right ear.
  She watched as he staggered into a wall and then came forward again in a rush. Sidestepping left at the last moment, the right hand lashed down to hit him in the right kidney as he passed. This time she followed and he suffered two more chopping blows as he turned, one to the target she had missed when kicking Kross, causing Killer's face to become one mass of agony, and the other breaking a collar bone with a very satisfying crack. He was finished, but remembering what he'd been about to do to Rosa, she delivered her coup de grace, the hardest kick in the crutch she could manage.
  "I told you to give it up!" said Marcus, as the former jailor fell unconscious to the floor, then to Rosa,..... "That's the trouble with the servants here. They just won't take advice!
  "Come on, Darling, let's take Rosa out of here. You promised her she'd meet Karim, remember? I don't think our friend here will cause any more trouble."
  Then he said to the man as he recovered a little, "I remember you from my short stay here. If you value your life, don't let Carlos see you!"
  When they got outside to the square the entire garrison of soldiers was on parade, and Carlos was making an inspection. He stopped when he saw Marcus and Tyana and addressed the men.
  "Behold your new ruler!"
  Marcus called on Rebel to again supply the loud telepathic voice which had proved so useful, and said, << My name is Marcus, and this lady is the person who recently caused so much trouble for Le Roi. She was the one who gave the people hope as The True King whilst she was waiting for me to come back from Madrid.
  << You have already seen how powerful she is, for example when she broke the chains holding the drawbridge from over fifty yards away. Where we come from there are thousands of people who could have done that, and here is what will surprise you most:-
  << Within six years each and every one of you will have the power yourself in varying degrees. Each year when you visited the healer, you had removed from you head a liquid like this. >>
  He held aloft the flask of theurgen taken from Le Roi.
  << For a short time Tyana was without hers, as Kross had it stolen whilst she slept. He paid for that with his life when he tried to rape her and she killed him without needing her magic. She also dealt with Killer, the jailor, and he'll never be the same man again. >>
  He was pleased to see the men looking at her with even more respect, but didn't like the mutterings about healers.
  << Don't be annoyed with the healers, though. They had no choice! Go now, and tell all the people that you are to have a ruling council chosen by yourselves. Your efforts will no longer be wasted making arms, so soon there will be food for all, as there is where we come from. Madrid was the first to be freed, Paris the second, and with your help soon the whole of Europe will be at peace!
  << The dragons and the werefolk are your friends. Help them, and they will help you. >>
  The garrison troops cheered spontaneously and dispersed to spread the word just as had those in Madrid.
  Called by Karim, Mandrake and his mate Shinlu, Cantor, and Vernique came into Paris. The others of their races, with the grateful thanks of Tyana returned to their homes, assured of a welcome from humans wherever they went in future.
  At first nobody went near Mandrake, but one small boy of five, with a child's natural curiosity, approached him saying, "Can you really talk, Mister Dragon, just like me?"
  << Not just like you, Pierre, I have no voice so I speak into your head like this. Can we be friends? >>
  "How do you know my name?"
  << It's written on your shirt. Would your Maman and Papa let you sit on my back do you think? >>
  "Can my sister have a ride too?"
  Once Mandrake had walked around the square with Pierre, and Suzanne was seen on Shinlu, the ice was broken and all four visitors were surrounded by humans wanting to get to know them. The first question was always either, "Where did you meet Tyana?" or, "Where did you meet Marcus?"
	

  Carlos elected to make his home in Paris where he had met Sophia, which left the army with no leader. Marcus called Zandro, who had impressed him with his cool head during the assault, to the palace and asked, "Do you love your horse?"
  Zandro replied without hesitation, "Yes, My Lord. His name is Faithful. May I ask why?"
  Marcus explained the system of familiars which helped give the New Americans much of their power and asked if he believed Faithful would be willing. Zandro was sure he would, but how could it be possible as he would not have his power for years yet?
  Marcus produced the theurgen taken from Le Roi then, after explaining about the headache to come, and getting Zandro's consent, 'gave' it to him.
  Well outside the town, and with only Mandrake and Cantor as witnesses, Tyana annexed Zandro with Faithful, then instructed him in the use of his new found power.
  They returned, and called together the four hundred of the Liberation Army. Marcus reminded them of the power they were to get, and had Zandro demonstrate, ending with, "and I promote Zandro to Commander until you disband in Madrid. Tyana and I thank you all for your help."
  It surprised neither Tyana or Marcus that Carlos and Javelin had become such good friends that they wished to become partners, and Tyana obliged, saying afterwards, "I really will have to teach you to do this, Marcus. You must be the only White who has never learned."
  Watching the reactions of Carlos and Javelin, and remembering his own annexation Marcus could only agree.
	

  Two days had passed, Zandro and his men had departed that morning, a temporary Council had been chosen by Tyana based on what she had learned about the people during her stay, and the group felt rested enough to consider what to do next.
  As Le Roi had a Napoleon obsession the palace contained a ballroom, though nobody had ever danced there. He had modelled his palace on what he had been told about the one at Versailles.
  This was the only room large enough to contain in comfort Mandrake, Shinlu, Cantor, Vernique, Rebel, Karim, Marcus, and Tyana. Merlin was added to the conference via Belle, then Rebel had a surprise announcement, << I've been developing Jet's ability when I had time, and he is now able to work with Shaena even at this distance, so she can be with us too. Thomas could not have been more
 helpful. >>
  Thus what were probably the top ten brains on the planet were present.
  Marcus opened by saying, "We now know 'who' and 'how', but we still have no idea of 'why' these Godhe that Le Roi dealt with want the theurgen. It doesn't help us in finding out, but so that it can be added to our records, and for anyone who is interested, this is what the Earth doctor wrote sixty years ago. I can read it, but I don't pretend to understand all of it. Perhaps Laura will be able to help, Merlin.
  I have dissected now some twenty corpses since I arrived here and yesterday I finally discovered the difference between normal Earth people and those who are brought here by the Old Ones. The Sinus Frontalis is lined with small hormone producing glands and has no drainage into the nasal cavities. Instead it drains into the Sinus Sagittalis Superior and that area of the cerebrum is unusually well supplied with blood vessels. I am certain that this is the source of our power.
  It may be that this is a mutation, or it may be that all humans were like us at one time, as there seems to be no other reason for the existence of the Frontal Sinus.
  "Does anyone understand what I've just read?"
  Merlin chuckled, and commented, "Why try? Carmen's explanation will do for now. I'll get Laura to put it in plain English later. The liquid is in a hole in the head just behind the forehead and if it's removed we lose our power. If it's returned we get it back!
  "That's all we need to know, we can worry about understanding it later. Have you found Le Roi's store of it, Tyana? I believe you organised a search."
  "Yes, but we've kept quiet about the find. There's only enough for us to restore about a thousand people, but how do we choose?"
  << Shinlu and I have given that much thought, >> said Mandrake, << and we think the fairest way is to elect the councils first, then organise familiars for the ones elected. Those people should then be restored and annexed in one ceremony.
  << After that they can themselves allocate some of what remains. >>
  All agreed with this policy, but what of the balance of the theurgen store? Rebel put in a suggestion which was adopted immediately,
  << The entire stock should be replaced with honey and the real theurgen moved to another location. We don't know for certain that Le Roi was the only one in the family who knew of it. Have we found the box yet through which these Godhe speak? >>
  They hadn't, but then they didn't really know what they were looking for. Marcus promised to look himself on the grounds that he was most likely to recognise a radio or speaker, which this obviously was.
  Showing the clarity of thought that had so impressed Tyana when they met, Mandrake the dragon summed up the meeting,
  << We really have two separate problems. A local one which Tyana, Marcus, Rebel, and Karim should tackle, aided by any of us who can help, and that is to wait for the buyers of Le Roi's stock and to deal with them.
  << The other is the freeing from serfdom of the inhabitants of all the other towns in Europe. Who is to do that? >>
  Carlos and Sophia were sent for and they arrived accompanied as expected, by Javelin. Mandrake then addressed them,
  << You wish to stay together, Yes? >>
  "Of course!"
  << You, Carlos, once swore to end the domination of Le Roi or die trying. You, Sophia, risked your life to give Tyana the chance to get into Paris. Will you now help free the whole of Europe if I show you the way? >>
  Sophia spoke for them. "Certainly we will, but I had assumed that Tyana and Marcus would be the ones. They're far ahead of Carlos in power, and it will be years before I get mine back."
  << We need them for something much more urgent! 
  << Javelin, is it possible that you could visit a herd other than your own, and find a mare who would be willing to join in this adventure? >>
  << Normally, >> Javelin replied, << it would be death to ask, but if the word of our attack on Paris has spread it should be not only possible, but easy. I'll do it! >>
  << Take Rebel and Karim with you. They will make the journey much faster, and will add credence to your request being for the good of all, including the unicorn herds. >>
  The three departed at once and Sophia, who had not thought at the same speed as Javelin was told the details of Mandrake's plan. She was to have her powers restored and be annexed with a unicorn mare if, after meeting her, they both agreed.
  The next town to be freed, New Amsterdam, would be handled by Carlos and Sophia, with Marcus and Tyana present but only helping if really needed. If they managed that one town, which was known to be even more highly fortified than Paris, the others should be easy.
  Before the meeting disbanded, Shaena and Merlin were introduced to the non human members. Future contact was promised, and at Merlin's suggestion, members of each race were to be asked to consider living in New America.
  Restoring Sophia's power was easily accomplished, and was done immediately. Tyana took charge of this, though, so first the theurgen was warmed to body temperature, then replaced a little at a time until Sophia felt some slight pressure, indicating that the frontal sinus was full. Thus she suffered no headache. At her suggestion the same was done for Rosa, and several others Tyana considered worthy of reward for the help they had given her. They were asked to come to either Tyana or Marcus when they had chosen a familiar. Sophia also felt strongly that a proportion of the stock should return to New America. There were no objections.
  Whilst waiting for the unicorns to come back, Marcus searched the palace himself and with his police experience had no trouble locating what was obviously a receiver/transmitter of some sort with simple self explanatory controls and a self contained power supply. It seemed reasonable to assume that it was relatively short range and they would have to wait until the space ship was in orbit or landing before they could use it.
  No other members of Le Roi's family had any power. Whether that made Le Roi more or less of a villain was hard to decide. More important, they had no idea of what Le Roi's dealings had involved. They had just enjoyed the best of everything without having to work for it.
  There was no point in further questioning of Le Roi without one of the unicorns there to verify the answers so, as was their nature, they wandered around Paris making friends wherever they went.
  The temporary Council had already ordered an election for two weeks time and about forty citizens were campaigning. Tyana and Marcus felt justifiably proud of what they had achieved so far. Mandrake and Shinlu were popular wherever they went and revelled in having new people to talk to after their long isolation. Cantor and Vernique had been persuaded to dress whilst in Paris, and were likewise well liked. It was hard to understand why their ancestors back home had hunted down and exterminated both the dragons and weres, but neither of them could think of an alternative explanation for their absence on that continent.
  Just as they were beginning to enjoy their honeymoon again the unicorns arrived. The newcomer was white, with pale green contrast, which probably accounted for her name. Sophia was introduced to Lotus Blossom and, as had become the pattern, they went off alone to talk. This talk lasted most of the afternoon, and it was only later that those eagerly waiting their return discovered that the decision to be annexed had been arrived at within five minutes. They just enjoyed chatting.
  Marcus groaned when told this, and Tyana said, "Just for that, you may perform the ceremony!"
  She instructed him, stressing that the words, whilst impressive, were not that important, and she had herself changed the wording when it suited her purpose. The important thing was to call on the power within himself, aided by Rebel, to bond the two in front of him for life. That was why only Whites were able to do it.
  Sophia and Lotus Blossom stood before him respectfully and for the first time Marcus realised the responsibility which went with all the power he now controlled. He tried to remember all that Tyana had told him and willed the bonding to be as strong as his own, raising his arms and saying,:-
     "These two I now join, so let all heed,
      In future cut one, and both shall bleed."
  It was obvious to Marcus that Sophia finally realised just what annexation meant and the newly bonded pair were left to themselves for a few hours to get to know each other.
  Just as Marcus had had his skills honed competing with Dusty and Darryl, the next few days were spent in competition, initially with Carlos and Sophia against Marcus and Tyana, then when this was found to be too one sided Marcus and Carlos exchanged.
  The best contests for the spectators though, were when the females took on the males. For sheer lifting power, Marcus and Carlos with almost three tons backing them had the edge, but with anything involving speed of reaction or delicate control Tyana and Sophia won.
  The most spectacular contest which most of the town turned out to watch was one devised by Vernique. Archery butts were set up one hundred yards apart. One team fired crossbow bolts at the other. Those targeted had to take control, reverse the direction of the bolts, and hit the targets beside their opponents. Three shots each, then it was the defenders' turn to fire. This was, of course, just the sort of control they would need to perform a Marcus/Rebel/Karim style attack on New Amsterdam.
  The training over, Carlos and Sophia promised to let their teachers know when they were two days' march from New Amsterdam so that they could join them as insurance.
  They left at a ten times gallop on Javelin and Lotus Blossom. Their first job was to overtake Zandro before he got back to Madrid and disbanded the army. It proved easy to persuade him to join them, and the other three hundred and ninety eight were just as keen. After the spectacular taking of Paris, all were eager to see more of the same. They called briefly at Madrid to let the Council know that Paris was free, and that New Amsterdam soon would be.
	
PARIS
  With Karim and Rebel available, it was time to renew their acquaintance with Le Roi, and he was brought before them in his former throne room.
  Anyone less like Napoleon would be hard to imagine. This creature would not get a job as Napoleon's boot boy, but still, he had dealt with the Godhe and had information they wanted.
  "Be seated in front of us!" Marcus commanded. He was not using the Royal 'we', as the throne had been modified. The central seat had been widened so that two could occupy it, and a dais had been added to each side large enough for a unicorn.
  Le Roi sat, head between his hands. "How is what you did possible?" he asked. "Each of you showed more power alone than I had thought existed in the entire universe."
  "You were brought here to answer questions, not to ask them. That's the only reason you were kept alive. There was no shortage of volunteers to execute you as you can imagine.
  "When do you expect the next visit from the Godhe?"
  "Go to Hell!"
  << The day after tomorrow. >>
  "What do you reply when they call you on your radio?"
  "What's a radio?"
  << I suppose he means the box that talks that I have to say 'Le Roi' in to. >>
  "After you've acknowledged their call by saying your name, what happens next?"
  "What do you mean?"
  << How did they know that? >>
  "I ask again. You may remember that I'm not normally that patient. What happens next?"
  "I can't tell you what I don't know."
  << They give me coordinates to meet them at. >>
  "I suppose they gave you a map. where do you keep it?"
  "What is a map?"
  << Under the box that talks. >>
  "How do you get the Essence to the location they want?"
  "You seem to know everything. You tell me."
  << I ride alone. No one must know. >>
  "You ride alone so that no one else will know."
  "How......?"
  << How....? >>
  "I said that I'd ask the questions, but I'm feeling generous today. It's just as you said. We know your every thought, so I did as you said, and told you. Surely you understand? Now. How often do the Godhe come?"
  "Every six months."
  << Every six months. >>
  "Are they always the same Godhe?"
  "Yes, always the same four."
  << Yes, always the same four - he seems to have learned so I will only speak if he 
deviates. >>
  "It seems we will need you after all. When they call you you will answer as though all is well, and we'll follow you to the meeting site. Do you understand?"
  "Yes."
  << I will warn the Godhe, and they will help me. >>
  "You really are a slow learner, aren't you? You were thinking that you will warn the Godhe and they will help you."
  "How do you do it?"
  << How is this possible? >>
  "Our magic is so strong that we can tell what you are thinking. It's as simple as that."
  "I don't believe that."
  << He doesn't believe you. >>
  "I'll prove it if you like. Think of any succession of words or numbers you like, or of any location and I will describe it to you."
  << He's thinking that Le Roi is King.  This can't be happening to him, but he must test you 10.9.8.1.2.3. >>
  "You thought that Le Roi is King, that this could not be happening to you. Then a succession of numbers 10.9.8.1.2.3."
  << He finally believes, and will give us no more trouble. >>
  "So, you believe, and will give us no more trouble. Keep it that way and we'll let you live. I promise that this is your last chance!"
  Thus, two days later, when the radio called, "Le Roi. Le Roi. Come in, Le Roi!" the expected answer of "Le Roi here!" was returned.
  "Meet at noon tomorrow, at Longitude 51o64'30" West: 
Latitude 18o30'0" North.

	CHAPTER ELEVEN

When Marcus unfolded the six feet by four feet map hidden below the radio he easily identified the location specified:-







He noted with interest that the Longitude Zero went through a small island half way between the two main continents, and that there were several other smaller land masses. A few moments study and he was able to say, "Just over thirty miles to the East of here and on the North bank of the river.
  "I suppose you'd normally leave first thing in the morning to get there by noon?"
  Le Roi confirmed that this was so.
  "Be ready to leave at eleven thirty!"
  "But........"
  A look was all that was needed for Le Roi to say, "Yes, Sir."
  At exactly eleven thirty they mounted, with the honey in vials distributed between Le Roi's horse and the unicorns. They left by the North drawbridge to be on the correct bank of the river and, using a modest multiplying factor were overlooking the landing site at eleven forty five. As he'd galloped along at about one hundred and fifty miles an hour, Le Roi gained even more respect for his captors. The vials were all transferred to Le Roi's mount and he was sent alone to the meeting place.
  As he waited he thought, 'I wonder if they can read my mind at this distance?'
  << Yes, we can. Consider this your last warning! >>
  As Le Roi had told them it would be, the first indication of the arrival of the Godhe was a rushing noise, and then they saw the grass near him swirl around.
  Only after it had landed did they see the vessel and Marcus recognised it as being the classic Flying Saucer. Whether it had come down in an invisible or cloaked state or whether it had arrived so fast as to be invisible in flight he didn't know, but one moment the grass was swirling around, the next a one hundred feet diameter circular space craft was sinking three or four inches into the ground.
  << He's thinking that they expect him to go inside like he normally does. I'll tell him to give some excuse. >>
  "Before I part with this," shouted Le Roi, "I want to see some plans. You promised them last time then left me with nothing."
  A voice seemed to Tyana to come from the ship itself but as Marcus explained to her later it was merely from a speaker built into the outer skin.
  "You do not dictate to us. Come inside at once, or you die where you stand and we will deal with your successor."
  Obviously the original plan to kidnap one of the Godhe and question him was not going to work, so Rebel told Le Roi,
  << You may enter and tell them about us, and your troubles. Tell them that if they want the Essence they will have to buy from Marcus as he is now in charge. >>
  Le Roi ran up the steps clutching the three saddle bags of what he thought was Essence and they disappeared from his arms as he went through the doorway. Karim and Rebel found it possible to monitor the conversation within and pass it simultaneously to their partners.
  Le Roi was obviously on his knees.
  "Get up, man, get up! Stop snivelling and tell us what's happened." said voice One, a male.
  Le Roi gave a reasonably accurate account of his loss of power, ending with a description of Tyana and Marcus, and the unicorns they were riding. He assumed, correctly that they were responsible for the removal of the saddle bags as he entered the ship.
  Voice Two, a female, said, "Kill him! His usefulness has ended."
  "No, Kresh!" shouted voice Three, another male. "Use him as a messenger. This King Marcus obviously wants us to leave the ship, but I for one don't wish to.
 "Le Roi, give them this message, 'You have five minutes to give us the Essence, or fry where you stand. You're not dealing with peasants now!'"
  He was made to repeat it, then with obvious reluctance he came outside, mounted his horse, and returned to Tyana and Marcus. They let him deliver his message as though unaware of its content, then sent him back with one of their own:- "King Marcus deals only face to face. All of you come to him. You may be armed if you wish!"
  Whilst Le Roi was making his way back, and hoping to live long enough to deliver this message, Marcus made sure that the other three could each conjure a large mirror at short notice as he had an idea what the phrase 'fry where you stand' had meant.
  When Le Roi had delivered his message Voice Three was heard to say, << Kresh, kill one of them! You have them located by sensor I presume? >>
  << Yes. Odin. You can't see them because of the trees, but infra red shows them clearly. Any particular one? >>
  << The female. From what this creature told us, it seems she may be the more deadly. >>
  The top rotated, and a small clear area like a two inch window became visible.
 "Mirrors!" snapped Marcus, and they were in place between the four and the space craft.
  Only Tyana's was needed as a single brilliant red beam of some sort came from the 'window', hit the mirror and was reflected. Marcus adjusted the angle slightly to target the projector and at the same time put his own behind Tyana's as back up. It was as well he did, for two things happened in quick succession. A hole melted in Tyana's mirror, then the uninterrupted reflected ray, now coming from Marcus's caused an explosion inside the craft.
  The mirrors were immediately conjured away as Marcus did not want the Godhe to learn how they had returned fire and they listened with interest to the conversation within.
  A fourth voice was heard, << Cragg, get up there and see if Kresh is alright.
  << You, Le Roi, or whatever you're now called, >> voice Four continued, << How did they do that? I've only seen primitive weapons on this world. They shouldn't even know about lasers, let alone be able to destroy one. >>
  << I've no idea! There seems to be no limit to what they can do. I know for certain that they brought no weapons here with them this morning, and they had none when they took Paris. They just use magic! >>
  << Nonsense! That's just not possible. >>
  Le Roi was told to wait outside whichever room they were in whilst they had a conference. Presumably this was so that he could not report what was said to Marcus. This amused Tyana immensely.
  << Cragg, Kresh, Odin, come to the bridge! 
  << Damage report, Kresh, yourself first. >>
  << Flash burns to my face only, Jove. The entire bank of lasers is destroyed beyond repair, but we carry spares to replace them. Minor damage to turret motor 
housing. >>
  Le Roi became impatient, and plucked up his little courage to come back in and ask, << May I go now, Sir? >>
  He just had time to regret this before Kresh, already in a bad mood and in pain didn't wait for orders, but shot him with some sort of projectile gun, and the body was thrown by two of the men out of the door.
  This was the first sight they had had of the buyers and to say that they were unimpressed would be an understatement. Two males struggled to drag the body of Le Roi, which must have only weighed about nine stones at most, and 'thrown' was an exaggeration. 'Dropped' would have been more accurate. They were each about six feet tall, but all their muscles seemed underdeveloped. It was not undernourishment as their waists were slim and firm, but their movements suggested atrophy in all muscles.
  "I suppose they were Odin and Cragg," commented Tyana, "I wonder what Kresh looks like?"
  "I don't think you need worry about me straying if the men are anything to go by," replied Marcus. "Listen!"
  << What are we going to do, Jove? >>
  "That's an out of breath Odin. I recognise his voice," whispered Tyana.
  << I'm open to suggestions, but we're not leaving without the consignment. Any volunteers to go out and meet them face to face?  Yes, Kresh? >>
  << The message said 'all of us', so I don't think a volunteer would do. If you want one, though, I'll go. I owe that bitch one! >>
  << Yes, they did say 'all' but let's see how they react to one. We might learn something. From what Le Roi said they don't kill just for fun, so you should be 
safe. >>
  << Oh, I'll be safe alright. They won't have seen one of these babies before and I can draw and hit my target in less than half a second. She's as good as dead - when we've learned all she knows, of course. >>
  Marcus was chuckling, but Tyana failed to see the humour in her life being threatened.
  "Sorry, Darling, but you won't be in the slightest danger. She obviously has a new gun of some sort and is proud of her speed with it. What I found funny was the half second she takes. My record is nineteen hundredths of a second to hit a target from a light going on, and most good men on Earth can best a quarter of a second. Don't forget, if the gun isn't in her hand, she can't do much with it, can she?...... Here she comes!" 
  Kresh, for it had to be her, was slightly smaller than the men, but in much better shape in every sense of the words. She would have turned many male heads back in Chicago, and she moved like an athlete. Perhaps this would be more of a contest than he'd thought. "Do you want any help, Darling?" he asked.
  "Thank you, but no thank you! Just watch the door for tricks.
  "Rebel, monitor those still inside, please, I don't trust Jove."
  Half way to the trees Kresh called, "Show yourself, Tyana, or are you afraid of one woman?"
  Tyana was going to move, but Marcus made her wait.
  Kresh continued her advance until she was only twenty feet from the trees and could be clearly seen through the foliage. She stopped and Tyana moved into sight. As expected Kresh wanted to talk first. "Who are you, and why have you interfered with our trade with Le Roi?"
  << Karim, when I can I'll ask questions, be ready, please. >>
  "My name, as you've already been told is Tyana. I come from the other continent. That which you've been trading with Le Roi was stolen by him from us. Its loss caused much suffering amongst us.
  "Who are you, and where are you from?"
  "I will ask the questions How many are with you?"
  << She controls her mind well. She didn't even consider answering your questions, so never thought of the answers. >>
  "I'm prepared to trade answers, but not to just be questioned by you. I say again. Who are you, and where are you from?"
"Why should I not just kill you where you stand?"
  << She still doesn't take you seriously. She's thinking about how nice it would be to kill you, not about the question. >
  "Let's get this over with. You think that you can kill me just as you did Le Roi. I'm prepared to deal. You may make your try whenever you wish, and I promise that if you succeed my partner will not take revenge provided that you just leave peacefully. You can even have the saddle bags we took from Le Roi.
  "But when you fail, and I promise you that you will fail, I demand that you answer question for question, and I remind you that you owe me one as I've already answered one of yours!"
  "You have no weapon. How could you possibly stop me?"
  "I need no weapon! Now, do you give your word?"
  "I do!" 
  Even as she spoke her right hand crossed to her left hip, closing on the butt of a small weapon. She pulled it clear and swung the muzzle towards Tyana, then found her hand empty.
  "Are you looking for this?" asked Tyana, pointing the weapon at Kresh's head. She changed her aim to a tree fifty yards away and squeezed the trigger, remembering Marcus's description of how a gun worked, and preparing for the recoil if there was one. The kick from the weapon was slight, but the tree shook from the impact of some sort of projectile. She 'called' the bullet or whatever it was to her and let it fall to the ground as Marcus, through Rebel, shouted, << No! It may be hot. >>
  Conjuring tongs, as far as Kresh was concerned from nowhere, Tyana picked up a pointed cylinder about one inch by a quarter with slight damage to what had been the front end. She inspected the weapon, locating five other such cylinders, then tossed it back to Kresh.
  She immediately aimed again at Tyana and squeezed the trigger. There was a slight click.
  "You really are a slow learner, aren't you? How did you ever get to be allowed loose with a weapon?" 
  Then the tone of her voice changed from casual banter to what would have had either of her brothers looking for cover.
  "This has gone far enough! You're obviously not going to cooperate until you've had proof that you can't even hurt me, let alone kill me.
  "The next time any of you fire at me, the bullet, missile, or whatever you call it will hit the person who pulls the trigger!
  "Here, you may have the other five and load the gun, but before you try again, be warned! Your first shot will hit this,"
  Tyana produced a ready inflated balloon from a small pocket and put it by Kresh's side, "and it will happen even if I have my back turned." She left a pause for this to sink in.
  "The second, if you are so foolish, will kill you!"
  Tyana turned her back on Kresh, who took careful aim at the centre of it and fired. The balloon burst as the bullet, controlled by Karim, hit it.
  "Are you finally convinced?" asked Tyana as she turned back, "then perhaps we can get somewhere!
  "Now, once more, Who are you, and where are you from?"
  "I'm not allowed to say. This is a restricted planet."
  << Kresh, from Centrallis Three. >>
  "How did you do what you did with my gun?"
  "I'm not allowed to say," replied Tyana. "That is restricted information!
  << Find an excuse for a break, Darling. We need to talk. >>  
  "You see? That sort of answer is useless. I want to have a talk with my partner before continuing. I suggest you return to the spaceship and we'll continue this after lunch."
  Still in a daze from what had happened, Kresh did as suggested, and the unicorns monitored the conversation for a while but learned nothing.
  "I'm sorry, Marcus, but I think you're going to have to handle the questioning next time. I'm not very good at it."
  "You might have to wait a while for the next time, Darling, listen!"
  Jove was speaking, << I'm not staying on this accursed planet with the laser bank out of action. Lift off and start repairs. Tell your Tyana by the outside speaker that we'll be back in exactly ten days! >>
  "Do we try to stop them, Marcus?"
  "No! I think we should use the time to plan, and to visit New Amsterdam, and see how Sophia and Carlos do."
By the time the message was given, the four friends were well on the way back to Paris, and each deep in thought. No mention was made of the demise of Le Roi who did not, after all, deserve any sympathy. After lunch the ten brains of what Marcus had named The War Cabinet convened in the ballroom again and were brought up to date by Karim.
  Shaena commented, "I think it's very significant that these Godhe, who we thought were the Old Ones, didn't seem to know what was happening when Tyana used what, to us, are fairly basic Bronze tricks to outwit this Kresh person.
  "They were used to dealing with Le Roi, so why couldn't they understand?"
  Cantor had a suggestion. "I don't believe they have ever visited New America. These are almost certainly not the same Godhe who brought you here from Earth. On this continent only the rulers had any power at all, and so they only very very rarely used it. Also you told us that Castillio couldn't even pick up a crossbow from a pile in front of him, remember, Marcus?"
  That's right. Our system had increased ability a thousandfold in the last few thousand years. Look at how weak they were in New Salem when Tyana had to deal with them."
  Mandrake, as they had become quite used to, went to the crux of the matter. 
  << What really matters is that when they come back in ten days time we get some answers. One way or another we must ensure that they don't leave again until we allow it. How are we going to achieve that? >>
  Much discussion followed, with suggestions ranging from trying to mentally 'hold' the spaceship to setting a trap for it when it landed. These were not pursued as, unfortunately, nobody knew just how much power the Godhe had at their disposal.
  << We've done pretty well so far against them, >> said Rebel. << I suggest we just play it by ear when the time comes, unless anyone comes up with a really good idea within the next ten days.
  << You must remember that we allowed them to leave as we wanted a conference. I'm sure that if Marcus and I had joined in, we could have taken Kresh away from them and learned what we wanted, but with Sophia and Carlos to worry about it suited us to postpone the showdown. >>
  Tyana cheered up somewhat at this. "So you don't all feel that I let you down then?"
  "Not at all!" said Shaena through Jet. "Now let's adjourn, and you four go and watch Sophia and Carlos do their stuff! I only wish I could be there."
  New Amsterdam was on the West coast of Europe and two days gallop, allowing for rest time, even for Karim and Rebel. Carlos and Sophia were already there, in advance of the Army, looking down at the town. The defences were similar to those Le Roi's ancestors had organised, except that the sea took care of the West side. As in Paris the river was diverted to form a formidable moat. The only access was over one of two drawbridges. Marcus and Tyana didn't offer any advice as this was supposed to be by way of a test for the newly promoted King Carlos of Paris and Madrid. They thought it reasonable, however, to ask what was proposed.
  "I think," said Carlos, "that before the army comes we'll go in and introduce ourselves. We won't hurt anyone, but ignoring them like you would midges on a summer's evening should result in a little respect. The army will arrive in two days, so tomorrow we'll visit them. You should get a good view from here."
	

  As they approached the North drawbridge a challenge came.
  "Halt! Who goes there?" 
  They ignored it and Carlos lowered the drawbridge in spite of all the efforts of the twenty strong guard to hold the capstan. Chatting to each other as though they didn't have a care in the world, Carlos and Sophia held hands and looked around whilst Javelin and Lotus Blossom diverted the various arrows, crossbow bolts, and other flying objects into the lowered bridge.
  When Marcus looked from the hill after they'd passed he chuckled, "Good one, Javelin!" for the assorted missiles sticking in the timbers spelled out,
	King Carlos Was Here
  They continued sightseeing, noticing where the main garrison was, and the site of the prison. There didn't seem to be a palace. Two public floggings were taking place in the main square, so, taking one each, Carlos and Sophia arranged that the floggers became the floggees. They never spoke but nevertheless made it only too clear that it was their wish that the punishments stop.
  Coming to the South drawbridge they lowered it too, and from the missiles fired Lotus Blossom caused to be written,
	Queen Sophia Was With Him
  Still without rush they walked about a hundred yards from the town then, when sure they had a large audience, invoked a ten times spell and went out of sight at over three hundred miles an hour. As Carlos said later, "If that doesn't get them talking about us, nothing will!"
  Next day they approached the drawbridge again, but this time asked to be allowed in to speak with the ruler. The only answer was a shower of crossbow bolts. It was time for them to learn the new facts of life, and Javelin had the chance he'd been waiting for - to use the Karim invention of a loud telepathic voice.
  << From this moment on any weapon used against us will result in the death of the user. That was your only warning. >>
  This was what they had practised so diligently with Marcus and Tyana and within five minutes most of the archers in the garrison died as their arrows and bolts came back to them.
  The few that still came could easily be handled by Sophia and Lotus Blossom, and Javelin used his 'voice' again so that Carlos could address the general population.
  They were told about the liberation of first Madrid, then Paris. They were told that in the afternoon King Carlos would give a simple demonstration of elementary magic of the sort which everyone in New Amsterdam should be able to do. And finally they were told that the only reason they could not was that the healers, working for the King, had removed the liquid that gave the ability.
  This last statement brought a shower of crossbow bolts which were duly returned into the bowmen.
  Over lunch they discussed the start that had been made, and Marcus could think of no criticism.
  "In fact," he said, "you could teach us! That 'King Carlos Was Here' was so good I didn't think anything could top it, and then Lotus Blossom did, with 'Queen Sophia Was With Him'."
  "Give credit where it's due, Marcus, My Friend. Those were down to Javelin and Lotus Blossom, the best allies anyone could wish for."
  The demonstration went as planned, and just about every citizen who could get there saw it. No weapons were fired, so they must have learned something. The army arrived, and it was time for them to earn the title 'Liberation Army.'
  After an excellent meal conjured from the King's private store, the men were rested for a day. Marcus and his party showed Carlos how to use conjuring to remove the grime of travel and the following morning four hundred troops looking 'ready for inspection,' instead of as if they had travelled over one thousand miles, approached the North drawbridge.
  'Here we go' he thought, calling for Javelin's mental loud hailer.
  << Do we have to do this the hard way? This is King Carlos declaring New Amsterdam a free town. Elections will be held shortly to choose a Council.
  << Lower the drawbridge! If I have to do it for you some people might get hurt. I remind you of my warning. A weapon used against us will be fatal to the user! >>
  Five minutes later Sophia broke the chains and the drawbridge crashed down. "Why should you have all the fun?" she asked.
  The pair, dressed as King and Queen, complete with crowns and with the unicorns similarly adorned as if for a Royal Wedding walked across the bridge.
  << Does your King surrender? >>
  A woman came forward. "The men are afraid to tell you. He ran out of town last evening. I am his wife, Helga."
  << Lotus Blossom? >>
  << She tells the truth. >>
  "Who, except the King has power here?"
  "Just myself."
  << True. >>
  "Where does he keep the store of Essence your healer takes?"
  "In the cellar of our house."
  << True. >>
  "Will you help free the people as we have already freed Paris and Madrid?"
  "Just show me what to do, I've been telling him for years that the system is wrong!"
  << She will, and she really has been telling him. >>
  "Wait for us for a few minutes, please."
  Carlos called for the loud hailer again and Javelin moaned, as he found it tiring, not exciting as he'd expected. He complied, though.
  << The soldiers are coming into the town to explain what will happen here. They will not, I repeat they will not harm anyone. They too were slaves only a short time ago. We have not come to conquer you, but to free you.
  << Rebel, Send them in, please. >>
  Helga was taken out to meet Tyana and Marcus, who agreed that she should be appointed Head of the temporary Council. She understood that like everyone else she had to stand for re-election later.
  "If he comes back, Helga, your King must lose his Essence to learn just what he did to the people. Do you understand?"
  "Understand? I'll do it myself. I know how!"
  << She means it, too. >>
  Thus New Amsterdam became the third free town, and Marcus felt confident that Carlos and Sophia could handle the rest.
  If anything Carlos's grandstand play method worked better than Marcus's idea of replacing the King had, thus they felt it was safe to leave it all to them and return to Paris to deal with the impending return of the Godhe.
	
PARIS
  Jove and his fellows were due tomorrow, and so far no one had suggested a good way to stop them leaving this time.
  Something to bear in mind, though, was Vernique's half formed idea when she had said, "You can't guarantee being able to hold the space ship because you don't know just how much power it has, but you may be able to look for a small part of it which is needed and hold that instead."
  There had been no better ideas, but the trouble was that until they could get one of the Godhe alone to interrogate they wouldn't know which part to hold. What Marcus was certain of was that Jove's repairs to his lasers would do him no good at all.
  More to amuse himself than for any good reason, Marcus conjured likenesses of the four of them on the North, East, and West sides of the glade in which the ship would land, and remembering the thermal imaging equipment available to the rescue services in Chicago, had a small torch behind each one ready to be lit if required. None of this was visible when the Godhe arrived, and they were hidden on the opposite side to last time.
  The saucer set down in exactly the same location, even fitting into the same depression in the ground. As the top rotated, and the laser window came into view, he conjured on to it a simple box he had prepared, and secured it in position with a few pints of river mud.
  It was just an open square container lined with mirrors, but no matter where they aimed, the beam would be reflected within. The unicorns were, as before, eavesdropping.
 << They've knocked out the laser already. There's something over the port. >> This sounded like Kresh.
  << Odin, open the door and take a look. >>
  The door opened, as expected, and he looked out.
  << It's only a ball of mud. Blast it away. Fire all four at once for a short burst. >>
  As the door was still open, they heard Kresh scream as the full power of the four was reflected back into the gun turret, this time exploding most of the weapon and, as they were to learn soon, temporarily blinding her.
  Anticipating another retreat, and determined that it would not happen, Tyana uprooted an oak tree, stripped off most of the branches, and deposited it in the doorway even as the door started to close.
  "Bearing in mind the trouble they had with Le Roi's body, I don't think they'll be moving that in a hurry," she said.
  "They know we're here, so let's keep quiet and they'll just have to come out to deal with us eventually." 
  From the conversation within it seemed that the Godhe thought so too.
  << Well, we know they're out there, though how they propelled a ton of tree into the doorway at that speed, and with such accuracy is anyone's guess. We certainly couldn't do it. Let's see the playback from the outside camera, and have the computer display the time...............................................
  << Again, slow motion........Even slower.....................
  << There, what do you think of that? That tree took only three thousandths of a second to cross the glade, and then it stopped dead. Impossible! But it happened.
  << Odin, Cragg, any ideas? We can't send Kresh out this time. She can't see, and it will be days before her eyes regenerate even though I treated her at once. >>
  << Is it possible that that Le Roi individual was telling the truth? Do these people just use magic, needing no weapons? >>
  << All we really know is that the Executive put this planet out of bounds thousands of years ago to all except Medical Research. Maybe at that time the reason was generally known.
  << We only know that for thousands of years they've been taking animals from Tellus Three and bringing them here with no explanation to the public. We're just expected to pay taxes to fund it. Tellus Three is also out of bounds, and so many have been arrested for trying to visit there that it's not worth the risk.
 << The first sample of Essence was brought back by my father when he had to emergency land here for repairs some fifty years ago. He set up the trade with Le Roi's father when he found the effect it had and how much he could sell it for.
  << In all my visits here, first as crew for him, then as Commander, I've only seen very simple magic tricks that could be duplicated on any stage anywhere in the civilised universe.
  << You know the sort of thing; torches lit by remote control, apparent levitation, switching wine for water, and so on. The best one Le Roi ever did, and I admit I couldn't find the control wires he used was when he took the saddle off his horse without going near it. >>
  << So you don't believe in real magic? >>
  << I didn't when I came here, but whilst Kresh was repairing the lasers, I went over the tapes of her encounter with the female out there again and again. What she appeared to do with Kresh's gun and the ammunition is beyond belief. Now, I just don't know, especially when I think of that tree. >>
  The discussion went on for what seemed like hours, with no volunteers to go outside, but all agreeing that it was necessary.
  << Marcus, >> said Rebel, << Do you remember the bull calves when we were competing with Dustine and Darryl? >>
  "Yes. Try it! You take the leader, Jove. Karim, you try one of the others."
  << I feel as though I owe it to Kresh to go out and talk, >> said Jove, << but it seems illogical. >>
  << I think you're right. Only by talking can we learn what we want to know, and deal to get the Essence. >> answered Cragg.
  << No! >> shouted Odin. << For one thing if anyone felt the need for vengeance it should be me as I sleep with her, and for another, nothing could be more out of character, Jove, than you volunteering for a dangerous job like that when you have others you could order to go.
  << I don't know how, but your thoughts are not your own. What we should do is get off this planet and never return. What have we got to cut up that tree? >>
  The four watched as those inside the ship spent the next three hours cutting up the tree into small sections and dropping them clear. They then swept the bay clear of sawdust and closed the door - - on to the replacement tree Tyana placed there.
  Showing no emotion at all Jove commented, << I'm not surprised. If they can put one tree there so quickly that we didn't see it arrive, it follows that they can do it as often as needed.
  << It's obvious that they don't want us to leave, but what is it that they do want? Have either of you any ideas? >>
  << I don't care what they want. I just want to leave. Can we travel with the door open? >>
  << If we bypass the safety measures, yes, as long as we go slowly and stay in the atmosphere, Why? >>
  << Once we're away from here, we can get rid of that tree without having it replaced, repair the lasers again, and deal with these people on our own terms....... From a distance! >>
  Karim advised that from the thoughts she was receiving they were busy doing just what had been suggested, and something new would be needed if they were to keep the spaceship grounded.
  A quick conference was set up using Jet and Belle to involve Shaena and Merlin, but it was Thomas, listening in who suggested,
  << Is there anything strong enough to tie it down to the trees? >>
  "The chains holding the drawbridges in Paris."
  No sooner had Marcus spoken than the four merged to one mind and 'called' the chains to them. It was a simple matter to join the four chains so that four spokes could radiate from a six feet diameter circle, and wait until the Godhe were ready to leave. As Tyana explained to the others, "It will be much more demoralising if they think they're free, then find they're not. Just like removing the tree all over again."
  As soon as the grass started to swirl they acted. The circle fitted neatly over the dome and each of the spokes wrapped round the nearest available strong heavy tree in that direction, the ends being secured by welding.
  A few minutes straining was followed by silence as the engine was switched off again, and from inside, relayed by Rebel and Karim came, << Damn them to Hell! There's nothing for it but to go out. I'll go alone at first. Odin, take over! >>
  Even though he had seen Kresh lose her weapon, Jove still carried what Marcus thought was the advanced equivalent of an assault rifle. Rebel stood by ready to relieve him of it if he pointed it at anyone.
  "May we talk?" he shouted when out of the ship.
  Tyana lit one of the small torches behind the East model of herself which made a slight crackling noise. Jove swung round to face it, discharging the rifle as soon as it pointed in roughly the right direction.
  A small missile changed course as it flew to hit the dummy dead centre. Jove ran forward, pointing the weapon at the dummy of Marcus alongside the still burning wreckage and then realised he'd been tricked.
  This move, however, had taken him very close to the edge of the clearing. Marcus concentrated on the space just behind Jove, materialised there, and rushed forward, taking his victim with him. It was a simple matter to disarm him as he did so, but to preserve the Godhe's disbelief in magic he did it the old fashioned way, as taught to all police recruits. Hardly any strength was needed to frogmarch him to where Tyana and their partners were waiting. As before the unicorns would supply the real answers to the questions he proposed to ask.
  "Hello, Jove. My name's Tyana. That wasn't very friendly, trying to shoot me, was it?"
  "How do you know my name?"
  << I don't feel very friendly. I'll finish the job when I can. >>
  "You've got entirely the wrong idea. I offered to trade questions with Kresh, but as you know she declined.
  "With you, I'll just ask them and you will answer."
  "Why should I?"
  << Why should I >>
 "That one question I will allow you.
  "You'll never leave here alive unless you do. If you annoy me I'll kill you and take another prisoner.
  "Now, we'll start again. What do you do with the liquid you previously bought from Le Roi?"
  "Can I buy it from you?"
  << I sell it in turn. >>
  "What is it used for by the people you sell to?"
  "Who said that I sold it?"
  << It makes them feel so young, fit, and strong that they want more of it. >>
  Marcus intervened with a question of his own. "Why is Kresh, the female, so fit and active, whilst you three males are so weak?"
  "We don't know. All our men are like us. Our women are mostly like Kresh."
  << As he said. >>
  "What sort of weapon did you use to try to kill Tyana"
  "A simple heat seeking missile gun."
  << A gun which fires rockets which guide themselves to the nearest heat source in the direction they are travelling. You just have to get the direction approximately right. >>
  On a signal from Marcus, Tyana resumed.
  "What do you call the golden liquid you buy?"
  "Essence of Life. Why?"
  << He's puzzled and wonders where this conversation is leading. >>
  << So do I. >> thought Tyana.
  "Why have we never seen other visitors to this world?"
  "The leaders, The Old Ones, forbid us to visit you."
  << As he said, but he's still puzzled. Ask about the Old Ones. >>
  "Who exactly are the Old Ones?"
  "They are the ruling council of The Godhe."
  << As he said. >>
  "Why do they bring people from Earth to this world?"
  << We already know that, Marcus>>
  << Yes, but I want to know if he does. >>
  "I'd very much like to know the answer to that myself."
  << Your guess was right. He doesn't know. Sorry! >>
  "Where did Le Roi get the Essence of Life which you buy?"
  "He would never say, and my father could never learn either."
  << He really doesn't know. >>
  Marcus interrupted again.
  "One last question. How do you explain the way Tyana took the gun away from Kresh, and removed the ammunition.?"
  "We don't know. We do know that your reflexes are many times faster than ours, so it must have been a combination of slight of hand and speed. Like when you came up behind me."
  << They really don't believe in our magic. >>
  "We wish to consider what to do with you and your friends. I give you one last warning. The very next attempt to harm any one of us will result in the deaths of all four of you. You may return to the ship, but we will not allow you to leave yet."
  "Thank you."
  << He doesn't take your threat seriously. He's sure you won't kill, so he's already planning what weapon to use next time. >>
  "Wait, Jove. I have the feeling that you don't believe me, so we must arrange proof. Call another of your party outside, stand with him or her half way back to the ship, and I promise I'll return your weapon and allow you to use it."
  "Why?"
  << He's puzzled, but still sure of himself, especially since he's going to get his gun back. >>
  Jove called Odin, and in a few minutes both were standing with their backs to the ship and half way to the trees.
  Tyana and Marcus mounted their partners, walked forward to face Jove, and Tyana warned him once more. "You may, if you're foolish enough take one shot at me, but I warn you that it will hit Odin. If you prefer, give him the weapon in which case the shot will hit you. This will happen even if we're not looking when you do it. Please make sure you examine the gun carefully, so that you will know we haven't tampered with it."
  Marcus tossed him the weapon, and Jove did as suggested, finding nothing wrong with it.
  "What you say is impossible. If I fire, it must hit you!"
  << He really believes it, and intends to kill you. >>
  Jove continued speaking, "Unless you bring to me now the Essence that Le Roi brought, I will fire."
  Marcus and Tyana just shook their heads, and to add to Jove's future confusion, turned to look away from him, and he promptly aimed at Tyana and squeezed the trigger.
  The small rocket emerged and targeted Tyana as expected, but before it arrived, Karim rotated it 177o so that the heat source in front of it was now Odin, who just had time to scream before he exploded.
  "Good night, Jove. We'll speak again tomorrow morning."
  The quiet voice of Tyana, who by his reckoning should be dead struck terror into Jove who, until that moment had not believed that these people were any different from the many other races he'd met. As he went through the doorway, Cragg made him even more afraid when he pointed out, white faced himself,
  "Jove, you're covered in blood, so's most of the area around, yet those two, and their horses, no, not quite horses, unicorns just like Le Roi said, are absolutely clean. How can that be?"
  The three surviving Godhe talked long into the night before retiring, in fact they may not have slept at all. For a while Karim and Rebel took turns monitoring them, but there seemed to be nothing new to learn, so they left them until morning so that the day's happenings could be discussed with those back home and in Paris. It fell to Marcus to summarise their report for the other six.
  "I'm sure that as Cantor suggested, the Godhe we're dealing with here are not connected in any way with the ones who brought Laura and me from Earth. These are, as far as I can make out, drug traffickers, I'll explain that more later, selling our Theurgen to addicts on their home planet. Correction - a planet or planets; we don't know that it's their home one. "
  After he'd explained about drugs and addiction the others agreed that he was probably correct.
  "But what do you do now?" asked Merlin.
  With his police training Marcus had no doubt at all on the correct course of action.
  "We'll take over the ship, find out how to use their communication system, and call their equivalent of the police for help."
	

  Immediately after breakfast, Tyana and Marcus rode their partners to within six feet of the doorway which was, of course, still partly blocked by the tree. Marcus called out, "All three of you, out here. Now!"
  From within the conversation, which was in French, could be heard without the help of the unicorns.
  "Well, Jove? What do we do?" asked Kresh.
  "You've seen what they can do. That last stunt that killed Odin convinced me! I'm going out, and I advise, but don't order, you to do the same."
  Jove and Kresh appeared in the doorway followed a moment later by Cragg. As soon as sure of a full audience Tyana pointed at the tree and said, "Begone!" And it was.
  The two Godhe who could still see were staring in disbelief at the cleared doorway when Tyana beckoned them to follow her and rode slowly away from the ship to their camp while Marcus dismounted and explored the ship. There were no controls at all on show which meant another interrogation session.
  Tyana, Karim, and Rebel decided after the first few not to try to understand the questions and answers until later, but by their now well practised technique of mind reading the answers whilst ignoring the spoken words, Marcus soon knew all he needed to. He took Jove back to his ship
  "Jove, inform the computer that there is a new commander, namely me."
  "How do you know that procedure?"
  "No more warnings or threats, Jove. Just do it!"
  "Computer, take voice print from next to speak. Log as new commander of this vessel. Marcus, say something."
  "Computer, take orders from me, or from one who gives her name as Tyana. Only I may give authority back to Jove. Acknowledge!"
  "Affirmative, Commander Marcus."
  The voice was an attractive female one. 'Things haven't changed that much in six thousand years' he thought.
  This accomplished Jove was sent back to join his 'friends'. Tyana, advised by Rebel of what was wanted, looked at the three Godhe.
  "From what we learned earlier you didn't know it, but your trade in Essence caused years of misery for many of my friends. When we have time I'll tell you more so that you may understand. For now though, it's enough to say that many people who had it stolen killed themselves rather than be burdens on their families. I wanted you to know that so that you understand that I have no strong feelings either way about whether Marcus keeps you alive. Thus when I say now that you're to stay in this tent, you'd be well advised to obey!"
  They were so demoralised that they did. Tyana and Karim joined Marcus and Rebel inside the ship and observed as he said, apparently to no one, "Computer, open communication channel to the Head of Medical Research on Centrallis Three."
  Tyana's face was a picture when a female voice answered, "Yes Commander," then after a slight pause, "Channel open."
  "My name is Marcus Samuels, born on Earth, known to you as Tellus Three. To whom am I speaking?"
  Marcus was surprised when there was no time lapse at all, the answer coming, "The communications computer shows your transmission to be from a restricted planet. Identify yourself!"
  "I will change to English if you prefer it. Did you not understand my question?"
  "Identify yourself!"
  "Perhaps we should start again.
  "My name is Marcus Samuels, born on Earth, known to you as Tellus Three. To whom am I speaking?"
  "I am Aristo, Head of Medical Research, and I demand to know by what right are you on Langala Four! Unless I get a satisfactory answer I will call in the Galactic Patrol!"
  Marcus was getting annoyed, and intended it to show.
  "It's getting harder by the minute to understand how a race which thinks so slowly could ever achieve space travel, and be responsible for establishing this planet.
  "My right to be here is that you Godhe kidnapped me from Earth and dumped me here."
  He paused for effect, then went on, "Assuming this Galactic Patrol is your equivalent of our police force on Earth, that is exactly who I want here as soon as possible!"
  "Are you trying to say that you were born on what you call 'Earth', and are now in one of our space ships?"
  Eventually Marcus convinced Aristo that he was who he said, and wanted help to deal with the drug traffickers who he had in custody. As instructed by Aristo he had the computer transmit a homing signal and was advised to expect a team to join them in ten days time.
  During the next three days there was no trouble from Jove and his two remaining underlings. They never recovered their composure after the serving of the first meal. Each had been asked what they would most like to eat or drink if only it was available. It was then handed to them. When Marcus and Tyana demonstrated to them how easily and rapidly they could move objects weighing tons, could light fires at a distance just by thought, and in Marcus's case teleport himself, Jove said, quite correctly, "We never had a chance, did we?"
  << Marcus, Tyana, we both feel they are controlling their thoughts and hiding something. They seem a little too confident, though Jove meant what he just said. It's puzzling. >>
  After lunch on the third day Rebel suddenly conjured ropes and gags for the three prisoners. He then explained.
  << Jove just thought, 'Not long now. They should arrive soon.' >>
  No discussion was needed. The four dummies were reinstated, mirror boxes made ready, and the chains holding Jove's craft were hidden but kept available for use. What Marcus believed to be the control section of the computer was removed to their hiding place and they settled down to watch. Looking at the control box, it occurred to Marcus that it had come away very easily. 'Almost as though it was designed to', he thought. He went to it and said, "Computer, scan the area and advise if visitors expected."
  "Class sixty three defence craft descending now."
  The grass started to swirl, a depression formed alongside the other ship, but nothing was visible.
  "Rain!" ordered Marcus and the four went to work. As soon as it started falling the outline was rendered visible. It was twice the diameter of the first, but more worrying to Marcus were the projections that were emerging from the upper dome. They reminded him of an Earth tank turret but with several shorter muzzles, presumably because they had to be withdrawn for flight through the atmosphere.
  Explaining that he thought they were larger versions of the gun Kresh had carried he suggested a way of putting them out of action. As he spoke the ship became fully visible. 
  << That's better, >> said Rebel. << Whilst it was invisible we couldn't hear them, but now we can. There seem to be four as before, all wondering what happened that caused Jove not to meet them. >>
  A spare link from the drawbridge chain was placed in the nearest gun barrel opening and the four most powerful minds ever developed tried to conjure fire there. Of course they knew they couldn't make iron burn, but with the four ordering the molecules to shake on the spot (though they didn't know that was what they were doing) the result was molten iron which was allowed to cool once it had wet the barrel. The other three received the same treatment. The larger ship had been down for fifteen minutes with no movement.
  << Perhaps they're waiting for the rain to stop, >> suggested Karim. << Let's make it a long wait. >>
  "Will you three handle the mirror boxes and mud, please?" asked Marcus. "I want to be free to watch for any other surprises they may have. Look!"
  As he spoke the turret turned and one of the guns trained on him, presumably aimed at the sound of his voice.
  << Rebel, all future speaking is to be mental via you. Tell the others. >>
  << Confirmed. I'm concerned that we couldn't read them like we could the others when they were invisible. >>
  << Let's not worry about that now. I'm going to move away from you, then see if I can get them to fire one of the cannons. >>
  Marcus concentrated on an area fifty yards from his friends and teleported there. He shouted, "If you're looking for Jove and his friends they're tied up at the moment."
  He then rejoined the others and they all watched.
  << They know you're not there. They must be using heat sensors like Jove did. >>
  << Let's try a variation then. >>
  This time Marcus went behind the East model of himself, kindled the torch, repeated the call, then returned to base.
  The nearest gun pointed at the dummy then exploded as the back pressure from behind the jammed missile went the only way possible - back to the gun.
  << I don't know what they use for metal, but it's stronger than anything I've ever seen. Look, the barrel is still in one piece. It must have wrought havoc inside. >>
  << What happens next, Darling? >> asked Tyana. Strictly speaking it was a merge of Tyana and Karim, but as time went on the boundaries were becoming less defined.
  << We wait. There's another week yet before help comes, so we must be patient. They've gone invisible again, so we've lost the ability to 'read' their thoughts. Perhaps if we were nearer? >>
  Immediately Rebel started grazing and working his way towards what the computer had euphemistically called a defence craft. He got right up to it, still without hearing anything, when it suddenly became visible again. He behaved like the animal he was supposed to be, acting startled, prancing away, then towards and away from what he was supposed to think was a new arrival. He then settled down to graze again.
  << They're talking about me, now, and have decided I'm harmless. They wonder if you've left as they've heard nothing for some time. >>
  << Karim got all that, so come back, please. >>
  From inside the craft came, << Have you worked out what happened to the 
cannon? >>
  << No. There's not enough of it left to examine. Perhaps we'll know when we go outside. When will that be? I don't understand why you're being so cautious. It's not at all like you. >>
  << I'm being cautious as you put it because I've known Jove for twenty years and his group, especially Kresh, for the last five. When he asked us to call in if we failed to hear from him he was frightened. He honestly expected to lose the confrontation he was going to have with this Tyana he told us about.
  << If she beat him, and it looks as though she has, is that not good enough reason to be cautious? You must have realised what that man meant when he said they were tied up. >>
  << Well we can easily find out if the cannon failure was down to them by firing another by remote control so that the only damage would be to the gun. >>
  This was tried, reducing their armament by one more gun.
  << Jove was repairing his laser bank. Do we dare try ours? >>
  << Why not? I don't see how they could possibly have done anything as nobody has been near us, unless you count that horse? You'd better take the same precautions though. Fire by remote control. >>
  Trying this reduced their armament still further, this time by one bank of lasers, causing much consternation within the ship.
  << That's enough. We're leaving! >>
  << Chains! >> rapped Marcus, and those used to prevent Jove's craft leaving were in position over the new one.
  The commander of this vessel was either slower thinking or more stubborn than Jove. The noise from the engines rose to a high pitched shriek before they were switched off.
  During the noise, Marcus risked speaking normally.
  "Computer, how many crew does the type sixty three carry and what are their duties?"
  "Normally four. All our vessels have a crew of four. Commander, Weapons expert, Maintenance engineer, and Cook. No more are needed as the computer can handle anything else."
  "Tyana, how do you feel about a direct assault on them?"
  "Eager is the word which springs to mind. Just one slight problem, though, the door! Are you proposing to go over and knock on it?"
   Marcus ignored the sarcasm, and made ready enough ropes and gags to deal with eight if needed, and gave Tyana her instructions, but no explanation. Trusting him she mounted Karim and prepared for a high speed run past the door.
  "Computer," Marcus called, "instruct the computer in that type sixty three to open the main door.
  "Tyana, Go!"
  The door opened, Marcus materialised in the opening, and was joined by a running Tyana who had timed an exit from Karim's back to perfection. The door was already closing, but it no longer mattered. Three of the crew were in sight and were bound and gagged in the first half second. The missing one turned out to be the weapons expert so they simply stood back to back watching the two doors through one of which he or she would have to come.
  "Bez porto oprin?" she called from behind the door facing Tyana.
  << She wants to know why the door opened. >>
  Tyana replied in French, "To let us in! Come and say Hello."
  She came in a dive and roll, ending facing Tyana with her hands held as though pointing a weapon.
  "Now," asked Marcus, "what do you think it would do to you if I were to fire this?"
  He was, of course, holding an assault rifle similar to that Jove had carried, and which she had intended to use to deal with the intruders.
  Pointing the weapon at the girl, who could easily have been taken for Kresh's sister, Marcus demanded, "Introduce yourself!"
  "Baz?"
  "So, Baz, which of these is your commander?"
  "Baz? Noncompree!"
  Tyana realised the problem just before Marcus. "She doesn't understand French. Try English!"
  Marcus did, with the same result.
  "You're right, that was obviously the language of the Godhe. Still, there's one language I'm sure they'll understand with no trouble."
  He conjured another assault rifle to Tyana's hands, then conjured away the ropes and gags binding the other three. Gestures with the weapons were all that were needed to herd them to the tent occupied by Jove, Kresh, and Cragg.
  Rebel and Karim 'joined' them as the new arrivals freed those bound. Jove was the first to be untied. 'So much for chivalry between villains' thought Marcus.
  << Jove! What the Hell is happening on this planet? >>
  << Thanks, Oistrach. I'll tell you, but you won't believe it until you see with your own eyes just what these two can do.
  << That was no 'Magic Show' such as our great illusionists can do that you saw outside when they chained your ship to the trees, it was the real thing. These people just 'will' something to happen and it does.
  << You never had a chance, any more than we did, but there was no way to warn you. When we met you a week ago, I was worried, but I thought they'd disabled our lasers by using some weapon I didn't know about, so asking you to come here was just a precaution I thought I'd never need. >>
  << Where's my brother Odin? >>
  Oistrach listened with increasing disbelief as Jove described the firing of the heat seeking rocket which then targeted Odin, just as Tyana had said it would after rotating in mid flight.
  << You were tricked! That's just not possible. It defies all the laws of Physics.
  << Look, there are seven of us now, and only two of them. Just follow my lead when we get the chance and......What are you laughing at? >>
  << You'll see. But, just so that there's no misunderstanding later, remember this. None of the three of us will take any action against those two. When I see them, I'll give my word to that effect. >>
  Marcus had been thinking and asked Rebel/Karim, << Could you give them the impression that we are speaking their own language? >>
  << Surely! It will be no harder than when we put words into Le Roi's head as we did for Tyana. >>
  Tyana and Marcus entered the tent, and were immediately attacked. Oistrach and his two men rushed Marcus, the two grabbing an arm each whilst Oistrach tried to pass him to look for a weapon. With one hanging from each arm, he simply walked outside to get a little room and conjured them six feet away, bound and gagged. He then turned to face Oistrach who had stopped and stood open mouthed.
  << Are you going to behave, or do you wish to join them? >>
  "I can understand you. How is that possible?
  "Never mind that! Krast is even now overpowering your lady friend and then we'll see who's in charge."
  Meanwhile Krast had attacked Tyana in a style which can only be described as slow motion Judo. Tyana played with her for a few minutes, then tired of it, knocked her out and dragged her by her hair through the entrance. She dropped her at Oistrach's feet.
  << This belongs to you, I believe. Try to keep it under some sort of control in future, please! 
  << Now, we've had enough! You will be here for another seven days until the Galactic Patrol arrive. You can either spend that time as prisoners, or as guests. Which is it to be?
  << Have I your word that you will not try to escape? >>
  "Yes, I suppose so."
  << He's thinking that he'll say 'yes' and then wait for his chance, Tyana. Sorry, but you haven't won yet. >>
  << Thank you, Karim. 
  << It was your choice, Oistrach. If you care to change your mind and say 'yes' when you mean it, just let us know. >>
  Oistrach found himself once again bound and gagged and deposited in the tent. Whilst there, Tyana accepted the parole of Jove and his surviving crew.
  Krast proved just as intractable as Oistrach when she recovered and was deposited alongside him. Wodin and Veron followed Jove's example and were freed.
  << Rebel, Karim, I don't want the Godhe to learn of your ability, >> said Marcus. << If word reached the criminal fraternity of the Godhe, they'd be coming here in hundreds to capture unicorns. >>
  << We agree. >>
  It took two more days, during which Oistrach and Krast saw many examples of the powers of Marcus and Tyana, and were told again by Jove and his crew how his own party had been beaten, before Oistrach gave his parole.
  It was so inconvenient having Krast tied up that on the third day she was given a rifle and sent to the ammunition which was fifty yards away if she wished to use it. She was told exactly what would happen if she did, but of course she tried.
  Tyana was her first target, followed before the first rocket had gone ten feet by Marcus, each with their back to her and chatting to Jove who was watching with amusement as he knew what would happen.
  Each rocket turned in mid flight and targeted Krast, stopping three feet away from her with rockets still flaring but going nowhere.
  She screamed in terror and ran back to the group, followed by the two rockets, always three feet behind her. 
  Eventually the fuel ran out and they dropped to the ground
  << I'll be good! >>
  << She will! >> confirmed Karim.
  And she was, as were the other six.
CHAPTER TWELVE

  Aristo himself arrived at the head of several craft just like the one they had taken away from Jove. The seven prisoners were hustled away and soon all except the larger type sixty three space craft departed. Aristo, looking about Merlin's age, but six feet tall and frail, was the only member of the Godhe remaining.
  He looked at Marcus and Tyana for some time before speaking, obviously having some trouble with the concept that these two unarmed savages had taken prisoner seven of the most wanted criminals from his home world.
  "I don't know how you learned of us, or how you captured those you did," he started, "but you certainly deserve our thanks, and an explanation. Then I would like one myself.
  "Do you know what a chromosome is?"
  "Yes," answered Marcus.
  "No," from Tyana, "but Marcus can explain later."
  "You need to know, so, as simply as I can put it:-
  "Half of the things which make you what you are came from your mother, and the other half from your father. You know that much?"
  Tyana nodded.
  "Well the individual bits of information the baby needs to develop as it does are stored on what we call chromosomes."
  Marcus started to interrupt, but then decided that Aristo was simplifying it for Tyana.
  "If the chromosomes are always copied exactly from both parents, then we would never change, but sometimes things go wrong. Occasionally that change is for the good, as with better eyesight than earlier generations had. In the case of your ancestors back on what you call Earth, there was such a change, we call it a mutation, which gave some people what you call 'magic powers.'
  "It was obviously a good change, but most people were afraid of it, and many of those with the change were killed by their fellow men, just as they hunted and killed anything they couldn't understand. The dragons, the Were people, and even the unicorns. We never did find out why the unicorns were hunted."
  "I can tell you that!" said Marcus. "Those people with magic powers couldn't do anything to the unicorns. They are resistant to magic, so they were probably feared even more than the witches."
  "Hmm," continued Aristo. "Yes, that would account for it. Anyway, some six thousand of your years ago my ancestors, who used to visit the planet as a holiday home, were not prepared to let their destruction happen.
  "The Federation to which we belong has a very strict code which we must adhere to, even now. We couldn't interfere directly with the development of the race, so we did the next best thing. We brought those in danger here. First the other creatures, as the most endangered, then selected humans with particularly strong powers.
  "By then there were all sorts of myths about the Godhe both in what you now call Greece, and in Norway, the two areas we used, so we had to leave before our presence interfered too much.
  "My own ancestors had just started on a programme of research to discover why you can do what you can when we found a much more urgent problem at home.
  "Starting with only a few cases, then within two generations affecting all of us, our men found that on reaching sexual maturity their muscles started to atrophy, losing about half of their mass until they are like you see me.
  "As a point of honour, we continued to bring those in danger here, dividing them between the two main land masses according to which of two languages they would find it easier to master.
  "We used to maintain a base here for the research, but for many generations now our budget has just allowed enough for the transport and a team of observers. Usually we only have two people on Refuge at any one time, and about a dozen on your home world. That's how it is that you find yourself here."
  "I do," replied Marcus, "but Tyana was born here, or rather on the other continent."
  "I can contain my curiosity no longer! I didn't ask when I arrived as I wanted to be alone when I heard the answer, but.....
  "Just how did you two, with apparently no weapons according to what Jove said, defeat first him, then the better armed Oistrach and his crew?"
  "Before, we answer, Aristo, tell me, please,
  "There is obviously a sense of honour with you Godhe, but our only experience has been with those seven. If I tell you how we did it, how do we know you won't then use the knowledge in such a way as to overcome our abilities?"
  "I give you my word that I will never reveal what you tell me without your express permission. Will that do?"
  << Rebel? >>
  << He means it, Marcus. >>
  "Look hard at me, Aristo, and don't even blink!" Marcus told him, then disappeared to enter the ship again, this time riding Rebel. and followed by Karim.
  "What you just saw was just one of the tricks we used."
  "But how," demanded Aristo, "do you know that you can trust me?"
  Tyana answered that question first, and then had Karim tell him the whole story so that he received it in his own language, from the start of the losses of power, through the discovery that theurgen was involved, up to the present day. He was astounded to learn how on the other continent the small powers he knew about had developed to what Marcus and Tyana could now do. What interested him most though was the use to which the drug traffickers had put the stolen theurgen.
  "It may be," he said when she'd finished, "that our helping your race for the last six thousand years or so will be repaid with interest.
  "From what we've already learned from Jove it seems that injecting a very small amount of your theurgen into a large muscle so that it leaks into our bloodstream slowly gives the muscles the strength they lack for a period of about six months. Also those who take it are in no pain for that period. No wonder they would pay anything to get more!
  "This will be the first entirely new line of research we've had to follow for over five hundred years and may well lead to a cure.
  "It's a lot to ask after what you've been through, but may I take a sample for analysis?"
  Marcus looked to Tyana for the reply. 'After all,' he thought, 'I'm only a recent migrant.'
  "Of course you may, Aristo. I only hope it helps.
  "Do we really have to maintain the veil of secrecy now that we know about you? You haven't met the other races your ancestors saved, the dragons and werefolk, both of whom helped us as you were told, and they're not animals as you thought. They are very intelligent and two of each are only thirty miles away in Paris.  I think they deserve to meet you.
  "Also I know a certain witch, though you'd probably call him a magician, Merlin, on the other side of the world who would love to meet you, and it's just possible that you'd benefit from a session with his wife, who's one of our most talented healers."
  "Healers? Tell me more!"
  Once again Karim did the telling both for speed and clarity.
  "The decision about secrecy isn't mine to make. If it was, I would answer 'No!' I think you've earned a place in the galaxy and if your theurgen leads to a cure there will obviously be no argument."
  "I have to tell you that throughout our mission here we've kept Merlin, and he in turn our historians in Abinger, fully informed of every moment.
  "They already know everything up to and including this sentence I'm speaking, so it's a little late now to avoid meeting them, is it not?"
  "You've kept in touch you say. But............How?"
  "By the best kept of all our secrets. Do you remember when we told you about our adventures? Didn't you find it strange that you never had to think about translating what we said to consider it?"
  "Well, now that you mention it...."
  "That voice you heard, and took to be mine, was Karim's. She's not just a telepathic communicator, but as intelligent as we are.
  "Karim, say 'Hello' to our guest."
  << How do you do, Sir? I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. >>
  "Who? - What? - How?" With that Aristo collapsed into the command chair of the ship and looked around, to see only Marcus, Tyana, and the two animals they rode.
  "Do you play chess?"
  Aristo did, and found a chess board on a table had appeared from nowhere in front of him. Marcus, Tyana, and Rebel left and Aristo found himself playing against a unicorn whose pieces moved themselves as wished.
  Two hours later they agreed a draw, but by this time Aristo realised that the unicorns had had a part in the defeat of Jove, and even thought of Karim as a friend.
  Before joining the others she introduced him to Merlin, some three thousand miles away, via Belle and at that Aristo's last resistance to a meeting vanished. He did, however, insist that contact with and knowledge of himself be limited to a very small number until he had authority for more.
  Karim and Rebel returned to Paris to collect Cantor and Vernique and their share of the theurgen from Le Roi's store. Mandrake and Shinlu were, of course, well able to fly that short distance and with Tyana as hostess Aristo was guest of honour at dinner served inside the large space craft he intended to commandeer for himself. It didn't take long for him to decide that the usefulness of isolation from the Godhe had ended, and the policy would have to change. He was about to say so when dinner ended suddenly as Karim and Rebel received a call for help.

	

VENICIA
  Carlos and Sophia were justifiably pleased with themselves, and were achieving all that Tyana and Marcus had hoped. Two towns in quick succession had fallen with no resistance as word that they were coming had reached Roma and Moscow, and the rulers had fled.
  When they trotted into Venicia expecting a similar reception, only Lotus Blossom 'reading' a stray thought saved them from a trap which had been set, giving them time to gallop straight through the town and out of the other side, circling to rejoin their army and to consider their options.
  "Carlos, Darling, I hate to admit it, but I think we need some help on this one. There are at least ten minds in that castle with power, and they were waiting for us. To have such a trap set King Pieter must have come here via Roma and Moscow, added their leaders and any others he could find, and got them here for a last stand. We can't afford to lose, not just for ourselves, but for all those we've already freed."
  Carlos was not so sure. "Before we panic, Darling, what form could the attack take that we couldn't handle? They only have spears and bows. We can still divert the arrows if they come!"
  "The thought that triggered Lotus Blossom to order our retreat was 'When they get between us it will all be over!' so they must have something new worked out. I don't want to admit it either, but I really feel we should ask for help."
	

30 MILES FROM PARIS
  "I'm sorry, Aristo, but we must go to Venicia at first light tomorrow. No." he said as Aristo opened his mouth, "Don't tell us it's not our fight, and we've done our bit already. We started this when we crossed the ocean, and we'll finish it!"
  "I was just going to offer any help I can give, if you can think of a way of doing it without them learning of me. If we'd continued our research as our ancestors had intended this situation would never have arisen."
  "May we have the use of this craft to go to Venicia?"
  "Of course you may. But what use will it be? The two remaining cannons are unserviceable, and you have yourself shown how easy it is for you people to destroy a laser."
  "For the lasers I agree with you, although it would depend on there being a new arrival from Earth who recognised them for what they are. However, to do as we did with the cannons requires two things. First the sort of power we command, and I doubt if even working together they have it. Second they have to know that the cannon is there, and I don't intend them to learn. Please observe what we do, but remember this is for you only, not to report back home!"
  Marcus called on Tyana, Rebel, and Karim for support and the iron in the barrels was once again heated till molten and conjured away.
  Aristo addressed the computer, "Verify my identity by voice print!"
  "You are Aristo of Centrallis three, Head of Medical Research."
  "Confirm with Galactic Patrol Headquarters that your commander, Oistrach, is under arrest, and this vehicle is forfeited."
  "Confirmed."
  "Obtain authority for me to take command."
  Five minutes later the confirmation was received, and Aristo was able to turn to Marcus and say, "Your transport awaits. What are your plans?"
  "We'll leave at first light. This evening I'll outline the part I'd like you to play, and you can say if it violates your code."
  Cantor, Vernique, and the two dragons stayed aboard, as they too wished to see what would probably be the last battle for control of Europe.
  Aristo took a quick look at Marcus's map and dictated the coordinates to the computer, adding "Invisible!" Less than five minutes after dawn they landed, still invisible on a hill near the camp site of Carlos, Sophia, and their army.
  Quietly the eight friends walked towards the camp fire and Rebel 'called' ahead to avoid being challenged.  Marcus explained their prompt arrival and promised an introduction to one of the Old Ones soon, but wanted to get down to business.
  "Now, Carlos, some details, please. What's so different about Venicia that you feel unable to handle it?"
  "There are at least ten able minds waiting in ambush for us. We know that it's a trap as they were discussing springing it when we visited. Just ten we may have tackled, but as we went out of the town we sensed others in almost every building.
  "I can only assume that King Pieter, who you may remember ran away from New Amsterdam, is replacing theurgen in his soldiers as fast as he can, and is hoping to overcome us by sheer numbers. I'm sorry if we panicked, but remember we're both fairly new to this art, and I honestly feel we're out of our depth."
  "First," replied Marcus, "Relax! Just after I qualified White, Rebel and I easily defeated ten of the best Camelot had to offer when I'd had a lot less practice than you have. That, I'm sure, was a lot more power than they have here. Tyana and Karim are our equals, but with a lot more experience and finer control. You four are not far behind us, and I'm certain that if you'd just gone ahead as usual then it would have been they who got the shock of their lives, not you. Remember, they've never heard of familiars, so they're only working at less than half power anyway. I estimate that between the eight of us we could, if necessary, handle at least a thousand of the strength of, say, Le Roi."
  Carlos was looking sheepish, and wishing he hadn't made the call for help, but he cheered up when Marcus went on,
  "However, I'm glad you did call us. We've completed our end of the business, and it's nice to be in at the finish."
  "The finish? We've only freed a few towns so far."
  "Yes, this will be the end. A really humiliating defeat of hundreds of them by what looks like just five of us, using magic beyond their dreams and with no bloodshed will, I'm certain, make you welcome wherever you go. Well, perhaps not 'welcome' but certainly you won't meet any opposition when the tale is told.
  "I need a few minutes with Aristo, no! You come too, we'll use your voice as the third recording. It should help you afterwards."
  Carlos was bemused but had by this time had so many proofs of his friend's power that he just went meekly, grinning to Sophia and shrugging his shoulders. Five minutes later they returned.
  "We've already briefed Aristo on his part, and he gave me this little radio to let him know when we're ready." Marcus called Zandro over and went over the plan then produced from a pocket a device no larger than his thumb nail, and spoke in to it,
  "Watch for the signal we agreed, My Friend.
  "Let's go! Just follow our lead. Tell the army to relax and watch the fun"
  Marcus waved to where he knew Aristo would be watching him, then the eight friends, nine counting Zandro, walked towards the invitingly open gates. From above the town came Marcus's amplified voice, previously recorded, from the external speaker of the still invisible space ship. "This is King Marcus. You have dared to threaten the Royal persons of King Carlos and Queen Sophia.
  "You have some strange idea that a few hundred of you can compare with the five of us. You won't believe it yet, but King Carlos and Queen Sophia could have taken this town, despite your preparations, as easily as they did the others. However, they would have had to kill most of the garrison and had no wish to do so. I will now give a demonstration to show just how inadequate you are.
  "That I can speak to you from the sky is just one indication of how much stronger our magic is than yours. Just to show that we all have such power, here is the voice of Queen Tyana."
  "You will do well to pay homage to King Marcus," said Tyana, then Marcus continued, "One minute after I have finished speaking I will send a missile from the sky aimed at the Oak tree on the hill West of the town.
  "We will then take turns to send others, the first being aimed at the wall above your gates. That one you will be allowed to take control of and turn away.
  "You will be allowed to take control of the next three, sent at one minute intervals.
  "The sixth one, despite your every attempt to control it, and with only one of us directing it, will demolish the wall above the gates.
  "The seventh and subsequent ones will demolish the wall until it is gone, and then we will start on the buildings. You may surrender at any time by flying a white flag from the castle."
  Tyana added one last point, just to emphasise their superiority, "You will note that those we allow you to control will simply land. Those we do not, we will cause to explode in a way you have never seen before!"
  Long before Marcus's minute was up the wall was lined with people looking towards the Oak tree. Marcus pointed to where he knew the ship to be, and then at the tree. Still invisible, Aristo fired the first cannon shell, an explosive one. As a precaution Marcus and Tyana made sure it hit the target dead centre and when the dust cleared there was no tree.
  The next four were solid missiles instead of shells and were, as far as the observers were concerned the results of Carlos, Sophia, Zandro, and Marcus again in turn pointing first at the empty sky and then at the target. The garrison was, as promised, allowed to divert them. Naturally being solid they didn't explode.
  Carlos took his turn and as Aristo fired the sixth, a shell, Marcus from New America, the two human magi from Europe, and their three unicorn partners combined to ensure a direct hit on the arch over the gates. Tyana made a show of taking no interest, and grooming Karim.
  It took six more before the white flag flew, and by that time over fifty yards of wall had disappeared, about twenty five either side of where the gates had been.
  As soon as he saw the flag Aristo played the second recording, which told the citizens of Venicia the history of New America and of how their own should be the same. A warning was included that they must take no action against the healers as first they would still have need of them, and second they had had no choice but to obey. They were advised that Carlos and Sophia, who were not really King and Queen, would bring the army in to the town to arrange a temporary Council until elections could be held.
  As a final demonstration of the futility of anyone ever again opposing the White witches, the existing ruler was invited to choose any eleven to accompany him to the area outside the gate to where Tyana and Karim waited. Aristo then played his final recording.
  "This is Carlos, the visitor who you foolishly planned to ambush. As you can hear, I too speak from the sky when it suits me. You may have wondered why Tyana, who is waiting by where your gates used to be, took no part in that demonstration. If you believe it is because she lacks the power, I have a surprise for you!
  "We were careful to do roughly the same amount of damage either side of the gate, and the rubble from the wall will have to be cleared. The wall will, of course, not be needed after today.
  "You twelve will clear one side, piling the rubble fifty yards from the town. You may choose whichever side you consider smaller, and may start when you like. Tyana will clear the other side alone. You will see that the rest of us are over one hundred yards away."
  Looking around Tyana was pleased to see that every citizen who could find a vantage point was watching. She looked on whilst twelve pieces of the old wall started their journey to the site chosen for dumping. When four trips had been made and the fifth had just started, representing about a quarter of what they had to move she used Karim's broadcast voice, << Now I will show you how someone with real power operates. >>
  She had been studying the disposition of the rubble in the same way that she had, what now seemed like years ago, studied a group of boulders for Nasom outside Camelot. << Ready, Karim? >>
  << Of course! Let's do it! NOW! >>
  Using every bit of power they could, just as on that afternoon with Nasom, they willed it moved.
  There was a loud clap, as of thunder, as the air rushed in and the rubble was neatly piled as planned.  She used Karim's voice again, << I will now help the poor weak misguided fools who thought to threaten our friend Carlos. >>
  Another, smaller, thunderclap and the rest was moved. One of the twelve, obviously the previous ruler, drew a white handkerchief from his pocket and waved it, riding his horse slowly towards Marcus.
  Another battle, the last they had to fight in Europe, was over.
	

  The trip back to New America took less than an hour, and most of that time was for taking off and landing. The site chosen was in full view of Abinger, and they descended fully visible
  Even though the historians had been given all the information passed on by Karim and Rebel they could hardly believe their eyes when the craft landed and first Cantor and Vernique dressed for the occasion by Tyana, then Mandrake and Shinlu walked down the ramp from the space ship. Rebel and Karim accompanied them to act as interpreters. Merlin and Laura, advised in advance by Karim, went into the ship to greet the returning heroes and to meet Aristo.
  Laura sensed his pain at once, and as soon as the formalities were over, asked him to lie down so that she could examine him.
  The ache in his limbs which was always there after even an hour's exercise vanished as she touched them, and for a brief moment he thought there had been a magical cure, but when she spoke it was to say sadly, "I'm so sorry, Aristo. I can remove the pain easily, but I can find no cause for it. My senses tell me you're alright even though we can all see you're not.
  "I just hope your scientists can do something with the sample of theurgen!"
  "My Dear, it was worth the trip to your continent just to experience the effect of your touch. In its own way, it's as amazing to me as the powers demonstrated by Tyana, Marcus, and their unicorn friends."
  Merlin conjured Champagne, opened the bottle, and filled five glasses, each appearing below the tilting neck of the bottle as required; all as he sat with one arm around Laura, and the other around Tyana.
  "I know I'm showing off to our very own 'Old One'," he commented as he delivered the fourth glass, "but I feel we have not only cause to celebrate what has been achieved, but I propose a toast to the friendship to come, both between the continents on this world, and between our races.
  "To friendship!"
  EPILOGUE
  Three busy months had passed.  Before leaving Abinger, Marcus had proposed to Tyana and been accepted. On that very evening they allowed themselves the promised love making session with Rebel and Karim celebrating the end of the task simultaneously.
  Marcus had settled down to learning his new trade of ranching, and Laura and Merlin were house-hunting, or at least house-planning.
  In Europe Carlos and Sophia had arranged a transfer to New American style democracy and had themselves been unanimously elected joint Presidents of the Combined Councils of Europe. They insisted that Merlin be World President. As Marcus had forecast, word of the final battle in Venicia preceded them wherever they went, and the army was able to disband.
  The werefolk and dragons were made welcome across the land and some had moved in to Paris even though it meant wearing clothing. Several young pairs of each race were to come to New America
  The European unicorns were beginning to be accepted as intelligent and one or two were interested in becoming partners with humans. It was hoped that soon every town on both continents would have at least one unicorn to help with communications if not as a familiar.
  Four of Le Roi's collectors had been taken to the Unicorn Witch, been shown the controls, and were sailing her across to Newport as the start of trade between the continents.
  Aristo was expected back tomorrow, after being on his home planet overseeing the start of research into theurgen and its effects on the Godhe. He was to be guest of honour at the Counter ranch for dinner.
  Even the lounge was too small and a marquee had been erected for the evening. The whole family was present, which included a six months pregnant Megan. The guests were Shaena, Qamar, Aristo and the two werefolk, Mandrake and Shinlu, Merlin and Laura; in fact everyone from New America who had had anything to do with the recent adventure was present to congratulate Tyana on a successful outcome.
  "Without Marcus," she insisted, "I'd never even have found Europe, so please don't give me all the credit!"
  "Speech!" shouted Thomas.
  "Speech!" "Speech!" came the chant from the others and Marcus had to oblige.
  "Friends," he began. "You all know now the story of our trip to Europe. The truth is that everyone here has played a part, and there is no one person to take the credit. If there was, though, it would be Tyana, or possibly Karim.
  "Hondo and his family did Tyana's share of the work here. Everyone else, yes, I do mean everyone," he stressed looking at Thomas, "helped in the planning when we discussed progress. Most of you don't know this, but we are indebted to Thomas for the suggestion of tying down Jove's ship to the trees.
  "Aristo feels, and he has the backing of those asked that contact with the science of the Godhe, with its attendant risk of visits from more like Jove and Oistrach, should be very limited as we don't want to risk spoiling our way of life and the advancement of magical ability which it has brought.
  "Our new friends in Europe are progressing well you will all be pleased to hear.
  "A very special 'Thank you' must go to the unicorns without whom we would never have won, and to the werefolk and dragons who helped us even though we'd only just met.
  "Most of all, thank you all for accepting me, a stranger into your family, Hondo and Lindsey. I hope now that we can enjoy a quiet life here on Refuge."
  "Marcus, Darling, I don't think you're going to get your wish. You remember that evening we returned from Europe?
  "Both Karim and I are three months pregnant!"
  "Marcus, Darling," this time from Laura, "So am I!"

THE END




The Adventures Continue In :-

			‘Unicorn Witches’ (The Vengeance of The Godhe)
			Seven years later and our friends have to try
to overcome an attempt by the drug barons 
to collect all the theurgen on Refuge.

‘Unicorn Witch III’ (Return to Earth)
When it is necessary to visit Earth to recruit
A geneticist to solve the Godhe’s problem,
Marcus takes the opportunity to settle a
score with the Mafia.


Available Now From Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and Smashwords.

