Untamed Gift (Book one of the Items Trilogy)
Published by H. LeeMorgan at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 H. Lee Morgan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author.
Thank you for your support.

ISBN: 9781301066537

To view Items Trilogy map and follow the journey go to smashwords.com





Chapter 1

“Alex!?” He could faintly recognize his uncle’s boisterous voice off in the distance. “Where are you hiding, m’ boy!” Alex couldn’t help but smile knowing that his only father figure and best friend was up to something yet again simply from only the excitement in his tone.
It had gotten extremely warm outside this summer’s day just as the sun rose high overhead and Alex knew that inside their home would be even more unbearable. He decided to climb one of the trees that grew around the outskirts of their family farm when the direct sunlight and breezeless morning became warm; after his meager morning chores were completed of course.
He opened his eyes and looked down to the ground to judge the distance too high to drop safely, then up into the sky to see that the clouds were finally starting to build properly and the sea breeze had finally kicked up enough to help cool the stagnant air, if only slightly. He could tell that it wasn’t going to rain today, but at least the clouds would help keep the heat bearable to work in.
Alex yelled back in the direction that he heard Gambit’s voice originate. “I’m over here, Uncle Gambit!”
“Well get over here! I’ve got something for you from the market!” At that he climbed down the tree in instant anticipation. There were few things he has ever liked growing up and Alex’s uncle knew that. And of those gifts his favorite things were actually books, a rare pleasure. He hoped that his uncle finally found the one book he loved, just like the one his spiteful cousin ruined last growing season. Books were his only outlet from personal own misery.
Once he finally managed to scale down the tree safely and firmly plant his feet on the ground his gaze swept over towards their home.
Most of the property his uncle owned is fertile farmland. He could see only a small bump in the distance where their farmhouse stood. There was a small chicken pen where they kept the livestock close to their home. It was made with three wooden walls and a slanted roof. The front side was open and closed off with linked fencing. Earlier, Alex laid rows upon rows of crops that were green and healthy thanks to the rich volcanic soil that they lived on. It would take several minutes to get to his uncle so he decided to survey the fields as he meandered back home. He looked from the left to the right and saw that no fiends or unwanted pests stealing any of the ripening crops. Alex knew they also needed to wait at least another week until they could start harvesting enough of the crops to make some money. They needed to save up enough to hopefully buy another horse because the last one died of old age about three months prior and they honestly needed the extra help only a horse could supply.
He finally spotted his Uncle Gambit sitting on a bench outside the home he built with his own hands, when he scrounged up enough coin through some unknown business venture that he never spoke upon. He was sitting under the awning and looked relaxed under its breezy shade. Uncle Gambit was smiling from ear to ear once his pale blue eyes spotted Alex’s approach. His smile lines told Alex he had a great success since he left three days ago to go retrieve some much needed supplies from the market. Before Gambit stood up, he mindlessly grabbed his hoe and used its butt like a walking stick. His hoe was as tall as he was and the tilling blade was as wide as his neck and sharper than any man made blade. The shaft of the hoe was solid brown and mimicked wood, but it was made of a special material that the ancient ones sought fit to bestow upon him. It was his item.
As his uncle made his way up to him he noticed how well he looked from his travels. Lightly grayed hair around his temples gently blew in the wind as did his full and thick beard. Gambit is a relatively tall man, but being a farmer he was built as solid as a mountain. Alex was almost as tall, standing around six foot three, but wasn’t very strong in comparison. His uncle’s grey tunic’s sleeves came down to his elbows and brown pants came all the way down to his hardened leather shoes. He wore a gold ring on a necklace in remembrance to his late wife. His skin was tanner than his nephew’s only because he has been working on the farm before Alex was even born and as a child Alex had a difficult time being in direct summer sunlight because he became easily overheated. As a young adult he didn’t take any chances in overexerting himself for he feared fainting although it has been two years since his last spell.
His Uncle Gambit came up and patted Alex on the shoulder with his free hand. His voice was deep, but very relaxing. “Did you miss my absence?” He began to chuckle.
“Of course I did. So what were you able to retrieve at the market? Did you get all that we needed in the coming months?” Alex wondered.
“Follow me and I’ll show you.” Gambit took his hand away and started walking to the large barn door of their farmhouse.
The farmhouse wasn’t too large, but it is still their home and the only one Alex can remember with any clarity. It needs some roof work done from the last storm season that blew through, but they’ve managed. The walls are made from the wood of the land they lived on and it is coated with a black tree sap that keeps the termites and insects at bay. Otherwise the insects would eat their home and food stores out from under them before they would wake the next morning. The front door was opened and made of several hand cut planks that were hammered together with great skill. Off to the outside of the doorframe held a torch to each side that they lit every night so that when either of them needed to relieve themselves they could see where they were going, but only Alex used it to make his uncle feel safer because he can see in the dark better than anyone he’s ever known. The only time Alex’s night vision ever bothers him is on a new moon or the sky is shrouded in thick clouds.
Alex walked into the first room of the house after his uncle told him to quit daydreaming and come inside. The moment Alex entered the house he was bombarded by rolling waves of stagnant heat that was contained inside and he instantly began to sweat again. He wanted to be back up in the windy tree again, but he was even more curious about what his uncle retrieved from the market.
The first room held all of the usual equipment one would expect in a farmhouse. They were low on nails, but good on tree sap for any places that needed minor places to be sealed. Off on the far wall contained the plowing equipment and on the other side of the room held the harvesting tools and the wagon they use to pull their crops to the market. Alex looked down at his bare feet and smiled because the hard packed soil was the only thing cool in the entire house.
He continued walking on the cool soil floor and into the next room. The main room is where they have their morning and evening meals together. Sometimes his cousin Rakkel comes by when he can’t find a woman who will bed with him, otherwise it is only the two of them who lived there now.
The cooking and meal room is also floorless, but Alex didn’t care because their entire home was like that. Off on the furthest wall held a wood burning oven and it doubles as a fireplace during winter. It is made from the black volcanic stones that were shaped from the rocks that littered the island and it is held together with mortar. Its smoke stack is pushed up through the roof so that no smoke ever choked them out of the room. During the winter they use it as a fireplace, but during the summer they do not use it unless they needed to cook. Off to the left side of the room sat his uncle’s chair. Above the plush chair hung a painting of Aunt Jeda. She was one of the most beautiful women in the land, from what his uncle told him. She was blonde and a very skilled healer, but she died in giving birth to his unruly and uncaring cousin. When his uncle sits in that chair he carves on wood for fun, but always gives his figurine masterpieces to the young children. Needless to say, just about everyone loves Alex’s uncle. Up against the right wall stood their circular meal table and three wooden chairs sat around it. Off to the back left wall stood a door that led to the three bedrooms.
The meal table was loaded with supplies that Gambit brought back from town. He looked at his uncle as he silently watched Alex. Gambit was doing his upmost to suppress his excited emotions, but he found a way before Alex could understand what he was doing. Though Gambit loved Alex as his own, he was sometimes frightened by how quickly the lad pieced things together. Alex could see that his uncle was hiding something behind his back, but he pretended more convincingly that he didn’t let him know that he knew. Upon the table were five sacks of flour for bread and two bags of seed for the next field planting. There were two medium sized sacks of roofing nails that would be perfect for repairing the damaged parts of the roof. There was also a small box filled with scented soaps and Alex already knew that he needed to bathe. He saw five small packages tied in dyed paper and upon opening them he could see that they were new handmade clothes that were too big for himself, but just the right size for his uncle. They were made from expensive materials and he felt the soft and sturdy textures. Alex knew of only one person in town who makes such fine materials.
“Uncle Gambit, did you get these from Kori’s?” Alex asked his uncle while turning back in his immediate direction.
His uncle grinned again once their eyes met. “Aye, aren’t they the best… oh don’t go looking at me like that. She gave them to me for free, I swear it on Jeda’s name. They were a gift that her daughter’s told her to make for me. I gave them my crafted dolls three months ago and they don’t seem to put them down. Kori said those clothes were a gift for giving her girls something that they love playing with.” He turned his head to the side and averted his twinkling eyes. “Are you still upset with me for accepting them?”
Alex scratched his jaw and remembered that he hadn’t shaved in five days. “It’s fine as long as they were only a gift. Also I’m glad the girls loved your dolls. Were you able to find any suitable horses to help us pull the harvested crops to the market in a few weeks?”
Gambit’s lips pressed into tight white lines under his beard just before he looked down at his shoes angrily. He grew upset for some reason. “I’m sorry, but I wasn’t able to find anything within our budget. They were either too young to be of any use or too expensive or on the verge of their grave. I know we desperately need one, but it looks like we might have to pull the cart together, if we’re to get any profits this season. Maybe if we find a proper buyer we can afford one on our return back home, if the taxes haven’t been increased again.”
Alex sighed, knowing how depressed his uncle felt. Unfortunately they both knew that there wasn’t going to be anyone who would buy their crops and give them enough to afford what they required. Times were tough all around. “We’ll manage like we always have.” His Uncle Gambit looked up at him with a half smiling beard, knowing that it wasn’t his fault. “Was this all you were able to get from the walk to the market? If so I’ll start turning the flour into bread. We should be able to have some ready by morning, hopefully.” Alex reached forward, grabbed the flour off the table and walked over to the cabinets to get started.
“Hold on for a moment, m’ boy.” He stopped and sat the flour back down. He turned to see his uncle holding out a package, wrapped in brown parchment and twine. It looked like it wrapped a large box. So that was what you were hiding behind your back, Alex thought. “I was given this and I thought you would enjoy it.”
Alex smiled and gratefully took the package offered. It was remarkably heavy. He placed his left hand on the underside of the present and slowly managed to unwrap the tightly tied twine. Once he pulled the string and sat it on the table he pulled the paper away carefully, minimizing any damage. His eyes went wide once he realized what he held. Alex read the title aloud.
“How the World Changed Forever.” He looked up to see his uncle’s blue eyes twinkling with glee. Gerieg was proud of what he gave over.
Alex opened the leather bound tome to a random page, there were hand painted illustrations along with beautiful writings. He recognized the common dangerous fiends and even some of the rare ones, he skimmed the details upon the page. When he managed to find his thick voice he asked “Where did you find this? I thought the Royal Guard outlawed this book and had every volume destroyed. I heard you say that the king doesn’t like people knowing about the past, especially this one. He doesn’t like people who like to think for themselves.”
He grinned and Alex already knew a decent story was about to be told. “I had an old friend from another island who showed up at the market just as I was about to head back home. We sat down at a tavern and had a drink to catch up like old times. He was selling some meat and cheese to a butcher from his goat and sheep farm. He is somewhat like you. He likes to read and he’s not very strong because he’s only a Level One Specialist. He has an item that frightens away only the weaker fiends and nosy animals… Well he said that since the Royal Guard outlawed that book some decades ago and it was still his favorite, he wanted someone to have it before they had a chance to burn it too. When I told him that my nephew loves to read he became overjoyed. I walked with him to the docks and he gladly gave that over to me.” Gambit tapped the book. “He said there is much information in there that is useful and intresting. He also said for me to be careful with it and show it only those who are honorable.” His uncle’s tone then became guarded. “We could get in serious trouble if someone found it, so be careful and keep it hidden whenever you’re not using it.”
“I promise.” Alex smiled and looked down at the leather bound book. It was rather large, thick and well aged. His curiosity was peaking again, but he knew that he had other obligations to do before delving into the written words. He looked back up to his uncle and said “Thank you for getting this for me. It is even more precious than the last book I had.” He walked up and embraced his uncle. Gambit wrapped an arm around Alex and gave one fatherly squeeze before letting go. “I’ll get started on this a little later.” He gestured to the book. “First off I need to get out of this hot house and collect some food for our supper. After that I’ll bathe in the pond and start cooking.” He sat the book down on the table after carefully wrapping it back up.
“I’ll go out as well.” Gambit grinned and followed him outside.
Outside once again Alex felt the breeze instantly begin to cool his perspired body. Gambit held the bag of nails and Alex knew that he was going to work on the roof while plenty of daylight remained. He still held his item as he grabbed a hammer and some wood planks. He soon disappeared behind the house and Alex heard the familiar sounds of physical labor. If there is one thing Gambit was good at it was how skilled his hands were.
Collecting the eggs from the chicken cage would be simple enough so he grabbed the wooden pail on the side of their cage. They scattered once he entered the pen and they tried giving him much room while clucking angrily at the intrusion. He blocked the strange and annoying voices out of his head so he could finish the task. As he collected all of the eggs he looked over in their feeding trough and their water dishes to find that both remained full. He’d give them more feed and scraps tomorrow evening.
Once he finished collecting the eggs from their nests he shut the gate and sighed once the voices subsided along with a headache. He was glad to finally walk away and have the voices finally cease. He knew he was weak for a man so he allowed his uncle work alone on the roof and wouldn’t get in the way. Alex went to do another small task so he could help Gambit in any minute way that he could. It kept him doing something at least.
He went over to the compost heap, by the tree line, and picked some large and edible white mushrooms. He also walked over and picked some ripe red berries. He put everything in the pail and knew the contents needed to be cleaned before anything could be eaten safely.
By the time he finished with his mediocre tasks he walked back to the farmhouse and realized that the hammering sounds ceased. When Alex came closer to the house he saw that Uncle Gambit was leisurely sitting on the bench again. He too was sweating profusely and his item rested over his lap. He opened his eyes as Alex asked “Was it warm up there?”
Gambit smiled and then laughed. “Aye, that it was. At least I finished patching up those bothersome holes. They should hold for awhile yet.” He sighed and looked at the full bucket. “I see you found us enough for supper.”
“Aye. This should go down really well tonight with all the work you did.” Alex then started making his way around back and towards the pond.
“Hold on a moment, Alex.” He stopped to see his uncle’s blue eyes studying him closely. “I know you think you don’t do much, but life isn’t all about using your muscles. I can see you still wanting to get stronger and you will, if you put forth the required effort. What you need to know is that there is more than just one kind of strength in this world.” Gambit said when he felt and saw the loneliness in his nephew’s expression crying out for help, whether Alex admitted it or not. The last thing Gambit wanted was for his adoptive son to feel weak when he knew how much potential he had. Alex was always a kind person to talk to, but he knew so little of himself.
He sat the pail down and leaned against a post that was holding up the awning. Alex was curious as to what he was getting at so he asked “What do you mean more than one kind of strength? You and everyone around here know I’m the weakest person you’ve ever met. I’m a slave in the village’s eyes. You know I wasn’t born with…”
“Aye, you are…different.” Gambit said in honesty while emphasizing the word, different, but it still hurt Alex. “What you’ve yet to realize is that you have a strength I never will. A strength no slave or itemless possesses.” Alex opened his mouth to disagree, but Gambit raised a hand to him so he could continue. “Aye, I do have physical strength, but I’ve never been able to match your intellect or your quick wit.” He smiled genuinely. “What’s more, if there was an army led by a knowledgeable person, that leader will think of a way to win with more surviving numbers than an army lead by any brute. The mind will always be stronger than any muscle, blade or fiend. You could be a leader and if you were, I’d gladly follow you because you are a thinker and not an animal. What you need to learn is to have a balance of strengths and once you have that…” His uncle’s whistle was drawn out for emphasis. “I’d hate to ever pick a fight against you.”
“Thanks, Uncle Gambit.” Alex sighed while being grateful for those supportive words and suddenly had a thought. He looked up again to see Gambit still gazing calmly at him. “Do you really think that I could be strong?”
His beard moved into a proud smile. “Aye, that I do. You might be a skinny young man, but I can see by your frame that you could be very powerful if you put your back in it.” With that said, Alex proudly picked up the weighty pail and made his way around the back of their house.
Behind their home laid the familiar crystal clear pond that only they used. There weren’t any fish since it is a natural spring fed pond and because it’s too small to provide anything for fish to survive on. If they needed to fish they’d need to travel an hour to reach a proper stream or another three more to reach the ocean. Unfortunately there were many animal prints who have come by to get a drink of the clear and vibrant water. Alex was also glad that the water pools and flows away constantly so that they needn’t worry about dysentery and could drink the water straight without any fear.
Off to the side of the pond stood a small stand that his uncle made so that they could shave and have a place to put the food in so they could be cleaned.
He walked up to the simple stand and looked into the small wooden basin and dumped the contents of the pail into it. The highly polished metal on the backboard reflected and showed that he needed a shave.
Alex walked down to where the pond fed into a small stream. He cleaned the pail first with sand and water before he walked to the edge of the pond. He dipped the cleaned pail into the fresh water and walked back over to the stand. He poured the water in the basin and thoroughly washed all of the mushrooms, berries and the white shelled eggs. He then pulled the bottom plug of the basin so all the water could drain down into a hole beneath the stand and not flow back into the pond. Then he refilled the pail again and gave their dinner one last wash. He put all of the food back into the pail again and eventually walked back around the house.
Alex sauntered through the front door silently, cursing the unbearable heat and pressed into the kitchen to find his uncle carving in his chair with his sharp hoe again. Gambit smiled as Alex grabbed a new soap cake and a sharp knife before leaving the room. Alex returned to the pond knowing he was finally going to be able to cool off after the blistering summer day.
He eased himself down into the cool water and felt the late afternoon heat getting pulled away from his body. After finally relaxing he used the new soap to clean his flesh. Once that job was thoroughly finished he scrubbed his old clothes. As they were being cleaned he saw how much dirt came out thanks to the clear flowing liquid. Finally getting clean, Alex walked out of the pond and up to basin stand to shave. He forgot to bring a pail or ladle to fill the basin so he decided to cup the water with his hands and it only took three short trips to hold just enough water to shave with. He lathered the five days growth of beard with the soap and carefully shaved with the knife. He was so glad that he sharpened the blade four days ago because the blade was still sharp and he didn’t cut or nick himself.
His pale grey eyes looked over his polished reflection, making sure that his jaw didn’t have any stubble with his fingertips. Alex saw that his solid black hair wasn’t wild and remained just short enough to still brush back with his fingers. He lacked a brush, but didn’t need it. He smiled knowing that he looked somewhat rugged like from the many adventure books he’s read.
After finally feeling refreshed from the bath he put the wet clothes back on and headed back to start dinner. His wet clothes would keep him cool for about an hour inside until the house cooled when night fell.

As he was about finished eating the last of his meal was when the two of them heard someone knocking on the front door. Alex could see through the cracks that another torch was moving in front of the door, beside the two that were placed on either side of the door frame. Uncle Gambit stood up and asked defensively “Who’s out there?”
Alex instantly recognized the cold and dreadful voice. “It is I, Father.”
Gambit walked up to the front door with his item in hand. Once he opened it Alex heard him say calmly “Rakkel, it is late. Why have you come at this hour?”
“I have some news I must tell you about.” The voice remained still cold and neutral. Every time he opened his maw, an annoyed headache appeared in Alex.
“Come on in then.” Uncle Gambit said and Alex saw his cousin leave his torch out by the front door. He took the last bite of food from his plate and stood up. He walked over to the basin of water and dropped the wooden plate into it.
“Evening, Alex.” His cousin said and Alex replied airily with a calm “Good evening, Rakkel.”
His cousin strolled into the oil lamp lit room. Rakkel appeared remarkably handsome and he knew it. A strong jaw complemented a perfectly shaped nose. He had his father’s blue eyes and his mother’s blonde hair. He had a somewhat decent muscle structure and categorized as a high Level Four Specialist. That was why he could go to bed with so many of the beautiful women who lived on the island. His item is always wrapped around his ear like a pink caterpillar and it looks like one too. He is capable of hearing things from over three leagues away as clearly as he can at a conversational range. He can also hear through walls or other solid matter.
Alex also noticed that his usual garb seemed different. He wore new combat boots that are issued to the Royal Guard. His leggings were black and his tunic was full sleeved and deep red. He looked almost like a handsome yet cruel killer. The local women seemed to like that about him for some inexplicable reason.
Rakkel sat down at the table after the greetings ended. Alex wanted to leave the room because they cannot get along, nor have they ever, but his cousin had traveled during the night, and alone at that. He was curious as to why one such as him would attempt to do that.
Alex stayed over by the cooling oven and wash basin as his uncle sat across from his son at the table. With his uncle’s back to Alex and his hoe resting in his lap Alex listened to the start the conversation. “So why did you chance coming out here so late? Were you hunted by any fiends?”
Rakkel’s cruel killer’s smile became barely noticeable, but Alex could sense animosity from him towards this family. “Of course not, Father. They are so rare these days. You know fiends are exterminated on sight. Only the Fury live on the island anymore. With my item I could easily go around them and they never knew I was ever there. I’m versed in stealth and deception. As to my being here, I wanted to inform you about a glorious chance that has been granted upon this family.” Alex could see his uncle’s back muscles bunch up and the pulse on his neck increased, but he remained quiet. The hairs on the back of Alex’s neck began to rise in fear for what he expected to hear. Rakkel glanced at them both. “I have joined the Royal Guard.”
“YOU WHAT!” Gambit yelled and immediately stood up. If there was one thing he loathed more than anything else it was the oppressive government they were forced to live under and becoming a guard only showed lack of respect to your fellow man. His own son had betrayed him and this was the ultimate insult to Gambit. Rakkel didn’t even flinch from the outburst nor did he show any emotion except for uncaring coldness. Alex witnessed his uncle’s grip on his item tighten and all of his knuckles were white from such a forceful grip. He could almost see the anger rolling off Gambit. Gambit spoke evenly, but Alex could feel the danger in his voice fighting desperately for control. “What have you done? You joined forces with that tyrant, King Runkamon… You joined a man who relishes in killing all those who don’t bow to his will? I have seen with my own eyes what he has done to those who don’t support his teachings…”
“FATHER!” Rakkel dropped the cold, emotionless mask and he finally managed to appear angry. His blue eyes were lit with a slow smoldering fire. He slowly stood and looked his father dead in the eye, without wavering or fear. “I am now a servant of your one true king. Say one more word against him and I’ll charge you with heresy.” Gambit became silent, but was still fuming from such a backhanded statement. “This is my authority.” Rakkel went to his neck and pulled a necklace from under his red tunic. It was a gold medallion with the letters ‘RG’. Only the Royal Guard could wear them and the double line signified him to be a squad leader. “All lands are ruled by King Runkamon or soon will be. It is our duty as citizens to use our lives in the service of all. Your philosophy is wrong, Father. Our live are not privy to ourselves, but to the government and to all of its people so it shall flourish forever.”
Alex had heard enough from him and his firmly warped mind. Rakkel had successfully become a mindless drone like so many others. Everyone has heard the teachings of self sacrifice. All lands had to learn it as children when it was mandatory to go to the town instructors. Even slaves like himself. It was the worst eight years of his life. All children had to learn how to survive in their dangerous world or wind up becoming some fiend’s next meal. What the instructors didn’t let the children realize is that they were also trying to groom each child into a mindless servant of the King. Alex was left out of most of the classes because of his disability and status as slave without an item, thankfully; he always thinks. He knew the teachings were wrong, but he went along with the classes. His handicap was already an attention grabber.
As Alex turned and began leaving the room he stopped when Rakkel said “Where do you think you’re going, Slave? You haven’t been dismissed. Aren’t you the least bit proud of me for doing something as important as becoming a Guard?”
Alex set his suddenly and dispassionately dead grey eyes on his cousin’s. He spoke in a neutral and passive voice which seemed to have the best effect he desired. “Not really, Cousin. I don’t like people who can’t think for themselves. I might have lived here since my mother passed away when I was only five, but I’m not a mindless parasite like someone with a fake badge of justice.”
Rakkel’s face flared red hot in anger, but Gambit put his hand behind his back to give Alex a silent gesture of approval. Gambit’s heart swelled after hearing that his nephew wasn’t going to end up like his own worthless son. Alex walked over to the back door when he heard Rakkel speak under his breath. “I’ll make sure you’re sorry for that, you worthless slave.” His uncle didn’t hear the whisper and Alex wasn’t going to respond to such childish insults.
Alex strolled through the door and closed it behind himself and then traveled down the dark corridor and could easily see through the darkness, but his family couldn’t for some reason. The dirt flooring was still soft and cool. He resided in the bedroom at the furthest end. It wasn’t the largest, but it was the only place that he could call mine.
He opened his door and closed it behind himself. A cloth hammock hung from either side of the room and it looked inviting. He looked up to see that the small hole in his roof was fixed and wouldn’t leak any time soon. His uncle repaired it perfectly. The room remained a little warm, but it was manageable. Unfortunately he knew it would be difficult to sleep in the warmth. On every wall and shelf of this room were all the books that he’s read. Alex was proud of his wide verity of collected books. Many people didn’t know how to read or they didn’t even want to learn. School on the island was only for survival and brainwashing, not furthering knowledge.
Each and every book has been read more times than he cares to remember and he even knows every book; word for word. Alex was missing the only book that he treasured as much as his own life. It was the last thing his mother gave him before she died. Unfortunately his hateful cousin destroyed the last remaining tangible memory of his mother. It was a book she gave to him. It might have been a children’s story, but it was his one true treasure.
Alex walked over to the corner of his room and knelt down in the dirt. He used his fingers to silently dig out the new book his uncle brought home today. It was still covered in the same paper wrapping it came in; only because Alex didn’t want to ruin the well aged leather book. Once he pulled it out of its wrapping he heard his uncle and cousin verbally fighting. He grew up with them yelling at each other and knew tonight’s match would be going on for hours, if not till dawn.
He went through his mind while trying to figure out how he could read the book and not listen to them continually bicker. Alex then thought; What if I stuffed something in my ears? But then again I hate things in my ears. Maybe I could read loud enough drown out their boisterous talking…no, I promised to keep this a secret from everyone and if Rakkel ever found out about it he would find a justification to do something truly horrific… How can I slip...? Then it hit him, I need to slip out of the house for the next few hours without being seen.
There were two loose boards that Alex used to use as a child, to get away from it all. He walked over to the familiar boards while keeping the book tucked comfortably under his left arm. When he found them again he sat on his bottom and carefully removed each from the wall. Alex sat each panel next to the solid wall. And he was glad to know that they couldn’t hear the escape. His freedom was assured for the next few hours at least. Even if they did realize he escaped they wouldn’t find him in the night.
He leaned his head through the hole and saw the surrounding area was clear of fiends and it was a full moon on a clear and starry night. The wind had died down, but it barely cooled the hot humid air. Alex pulled his head back in the room and sat the heavy book outside, in the grass. He dropped down to his left side and stuck his arms through the opening. With his legs, he pushed himself through the hole. His shoulders cleared, but his chest didn’t. It’s been six years since he last escaped out of this hole and he’s grown since then. He smiled at his own childishness since he’s running away through an escape hole. For what he had planned, silence would be needed so there was little choice. He pushed all of the air from his lungs and managed to barely squeez through the small hole.
Now outside, he reached back into his room and grabbed the panels. Uncle Gambit and Rakkel were still arguing passionately. Panels were replaced back into their original positions and the arguing remained intense.
Grabbing the new book he stood barefoot in the night. He wanted to find the perfect secluded spot to get away from all the screaming. Then it hit him. He did know of the perfect location, but it will take some time to finally get there.
He turned around and started making the short journey. He passed the pond and saw a crow drinking graciously. It was a beautiful creature even though it was still a scavenger-predator. Once it spotted movement he became still and watched Alex’s every movement. The last thing he needed was for it to caw and alert anyone to his departure, even though it would be a miracle if they heard through the shouting match that continued. Crows weren’t known for silence.
Then before he knew it he was free and clear in the woods and didn’t even cause any alarm in the escape.
Alex walked over roots and smooth rocks so he didn’t intentionally hurt his feet, even if they are as tough as leather. A limb snatched at his arm, but only managed to deliver the smallest of cuts that didn’t even draw blood. There were many small hills along with streams around this area. He also traversed over trails left by the wild animals that shared the island with him.
His journey lasted for well over an hour until he stopped to see the perfect reading spot.
Before Alex lay a small valley of hills that supported large trees that were spaced far apart. Most of the grass covered hills were empty of people because this place is said to be riddled with fiends, but it’s worth taking the chance just to see it. He found a nice sized tree in the meadow, crested upon a hill, and he leaned back against its trunk for support. He took the time to make a quick scan and found himself alone and isolated. Once he felt positive that all was safe he laid the heavy tome in his lap. He then opened it up to the very first hand drawn page.
It was a map of their lands and its distributed cities and boarders. Alex remembered seeing a map like this when he was a child, but couldn’t truly remember from where.
He knew right where he resided on the map and pointed to the very bottom left of the page. He said to himself “Yep right here in the south west of the Waget Islands.” He could see how petite his island was, but knew it would take just over a fortnight to travel from one side to the next without resting.
For the next thirty minutes he studied every detail of the map. He knew he would probably never leave this island, but the page was a fact and he always memorized worldly facts.
Turning to the next page, he began to read the hand written texts aloud.
“In the past, when humans were actually not much more than mindless beasts, there was an old and powerful race called the Ancients. The Ancients ruled almost all life, but found that they were dying and sadly, for some reason, stopped procreating new life. Not one child of their race had been born within thirty years and in that time they became desperate for a solution. The Ancients had many remarkable talents and their most valued ability was known as creation. Anything they wanted to happen, they made it come to be, but they could not create new life and that was their only regret and downfall.
“In their search for a solution to their dying race, they knew that they were doomed to oblivion should nothing happen. Knowing they wouldn’t and couldn’t be saved they devised a way so that a piece of their lives and civilization would remain behind. Their only hope for remembrance lay within humanity.
“Seeing how humans were similar to themselves, the Ancients devised a way to infuse their special gifts into all humans, for all time. Their final gift of creation was given to humanity in the form of Items.”
Alex sighed, knowing what was coming next, but still he wanted to read every detail this book had to offer. He could tell it might become handy one day. “All human children from then on were born with an item. The item appears next to the child soon after the mother gives birth. In most cases a child is only born with one item, but it is not unheard of that children can possess multiple. In rare cases some people can carry the same kind of item. It is unknown why a child gets their specific item, but many researchers believe it is the will of destiny that the child will need their specific item sometime in their life.
“Although the items they were born with could be potentially dangerous to themselves and others, they weren’t capable of harming anyone until the child became physically mature, around the age of sixteen to twenty years old. What seems impossible is that as the child grows, so too does their item. Upon maturity, the individual’s item remains the same until the day the wielder dies.
“Once the Ancients gave humanity items, they all disappeared forever.
“As a horrible side effect to humanity obtaining their new gifts, some the land’s animals changed and soon became known as fiends. Some fiends could bend the light around their bodies and become invisible to escape from predators. Some grew new appendages or strengthened what they already had and remained animal. The more astonishing effect came from the few apex predators that had been changed. Those species soon became as dominant in the world as humans because some began to exhibit multiple abilities. And of the rarer fiends, some of their species become Lords. The lord’s of a species are larger, stronger, smarter, and more powerful than any of their common brethren. If you ever come across a predatory Lord, your chance of survival becomes slim at best.”
That put a smile in his lips for some strange reason.
 “What is more astounding for humanity was that most of the items themselves react to only their born master’s and their master’s carry their items wherever they go. Their items could be connected and apart, or both of the person they were born to. And another interesting fact was that items reflected things during the rule of Ancient’s history. Some children were born with small and strange Ancient machines.” Alex knew this to be true because his cousin had one of those tiny machines from the past. The caterpillar thing on his ear was exactly like that.
“There soon became four broad categories for classifying items.
“Those children who were classified into weapon’s class would be if their item could be used as a device to deal harm to another. Some items were explosive and will reappear to their owner after they were used. Most items are solid and have unique properties amongst themselves. And some weapon’s class items could change their shape into something else entirely. Weapon’s class, are physically strong, as are their items.
“Items that can be used, will reappear in time from some unknown process.
“Those born with medicinal items are known as Healers. Healers don’t have any offensive abilities in their items, but used in certain ways they can be just as dangerous. Since Healers know how the body works they use that knowledge to their advantage.
“Should one have support items they are considered Specialists and there are many items in this category because some items cannot be classified and are thus put into this grouping. Specialists can communicate over distances or can distract their enemies. Specialists are also crafty with what they must do. So proceed with caution.
“The final classification of items are of the Utility class. They are mainly cleaners and repairers. They tend to be helpful and use their skills to make life run as smoothly as possible.
“Each of the four classes are then broken down into five levels. The stronger and more unique the person’s item, the higher their class and vice versa…”
Alex closed the book because he was getting sick of reading about the classifying system. He grew angry at himself because he was the only one in all the lands who couldn’t be categorized as nothing more than a slave. He laid his head against the tree and closed his eyes to sigh again. He needed to calm himself down if he wanted to finish some the book and return before being noticed. That thought seemed quite interesting to him suddenly. The sounds of the insects filled the night air with their music. And also he had pushed the flurry of voices out of his head again. He felt the breeze pick up and it carried the hint of salt from the ocean.
Once calmed of all thoughts, he realized the insects and other creatures stopped making noise. Something else was out here besides him, if every sound suddenly stopped like this. Alex immediately opened his eyes and searched for the reason as to why they all went silent. He scanned the grassy hills and saw movement in the distance, once the moon’s light hit just right.
Exposed and out in the open felt frightening until he realized that the movement wasn’t walking in his direction. He felt around the tree and located a hole just big enough down by the roots. He turned and slid his book into the cavity in the ground for safe keeping at the moment.
Carefully, his legs brought him into a standing position. He was curious about the figure because it seemed so odd by its walk, compared to other nightly creatures. The strange being in the distance made him curious. He knew how to walk silently, and being barefooted has its advantages when stealth is required.
He began walking towards the peak of the next hill. Once he made it he dropped low to the ground. Scanning the area he spotted the figure again, walking towards the tree line. Upon a closer inspection he saw that it was a person making their way through the lands. He always had a curious side and right now wasn’t an exception. He followed. Alex continued following the person through the night.
When he eventually made it inside the comfort of the trees he could see from the prints in the dirt that the person wore boots. He followed the shadow person’s prints until he could tell exactly where the person was. The person was off in the distance and kneeling by a flowing stream. Alex could tell the person had loose, pale white hair that brushed at the shoulder. The person cupped the water and drank from their hand. He could tell that this person was used to being in fights because when you drink like that you can still see your surrounding rather than sticking your lips in the water to drink and expose yourself to an enemy in wait. When the figure stood again he saw that the person carried two short swords in pure white sheathes that hung to either hip.
He didn’t know a single person who had twin swords as items on this island. The person could only be a foreigner. His interest grew even more.
Then the person began moving downstream and he followed again. During the course of his trek through the woods he didn’t remember to block the voices out. He then stopped cold when he heard a deep menacing voice speaking off in the distance. Alex’s heart started stammering when the malice began consuming his hearing. “I killed both your mother and father, you little whelp. What chance do you think you have against me?”
A small yelp was preceded by a weak voice trying his best to be strong. “I might die, but I will know who I fought because you snuck up and killed my parents like the weasel you are. I face my opponents, even to my death.”
The malicious voice rumbled again. “You’ve yet to know what life is truly about. Life is there for only the fittest, and the weak will die, only to be eaten as prey. Too bad you didn’t get to see your next day of life.” The voice was by far the deadliest Alex has ever heard. “Now I’m going to correct my brother’s error and eat you.”
Just then the person with white hair stepped on a dry stick as he made his way downstream. It felt as if someone stepped on the loudest stick they could find as it echoed in the nearby area. Alex’s heart started beating rapidly and he was honestly scared with knowing there was a killer close by. The murderous voice also heard it and said “Wait here, Pup. If you run away, I’ll extend your misery.”
From the foreigners unhindered movements he apparently didn’t hear what Alex could. He just continued moving downstream without any awareness of what’s happening. He was about to be caught unaware by a murderer.
Alex then looked around in the darkness, knowing that the voice wasn’t coming for him because the voices came from a distance. He then noticed a huge shadow racing along the ground and he wasn’t sure what it exactly was to cast something so large, but he understood it was heading in the person’s direction. It could only be seen when the shadow moved in the moon’s light because darkness is everywhere.
What happened next Alex will never forget.
Alex’s heart began thundering like never before, knowing that the person by the stream was going to be killed by whoever else was out here. His heart began beating harder than he’s ever felt and it felt like it would literally beat out of his chest. He was afraid that it created too much noise, but his acute hearing only picked up what he usually hears. And the heat, it felt like his skin was hotter than ever, fire hot, but it didn’t hurt. What is happening to me? He thought. What am I even going to do? I need to warn him before he is killed.
Without thinking Alex stood close by a tree and managed to tear off a stick while running. Wait why am I running? He asked himself. I’ve never ran at a speed like this before because my legs are pumping with strength I never knew I had, but things look slower too. Alex was whizzing through the forest without making a single sound or touching a single limb of a tree. How fast am I going? I feel like I can outrun the swiftest of steeds. Alex didn’t know how he was accomplishing this, but he was. The wind on his face felt like a raging tempest blowing against him, gently holding him back, but he pushed on, knowing what he had to do would separate life from death.
Alex closed the distance to the unsuspecting person before he managed to take a single step along the stream. With only his empty left hand he pushed the traveler in the center of his back and the force of the impact was unreal. As the person was launched off into the shallow stream, Alex turned around to see that the huge shadow reached his feet. What seemed odd that nothing casted the shadow from above, no birds, no trees, nothing; and in the direct light of the moon no less.
It seemed the world began to slow to a crawl as a massive head emerged from the shadow beneath his feet. It was nearly twice as large as his torso. The head was jet black with large gold eyes that were directed only on Alex. Long whiskers were all pointed straight out from its muzzle. The fiend had pure white, eight inch saber-like teeth and its bottom jaw opened wide enough to easily engulf a person’s entire torso in a single bite.
It was then Alex knew it was none other than a Shadow Fang.





Chapter 2

While everything seemed to move slower for Alex he heard the person behind him finally splash into the stream. He knew that he had to save the person’s life, knowing the dangers better than the person did at the moment. Even a warrior could die by surprise, no matter how powerful. Alex already knew that he didn’t stand a hope of a chance surviving against a dangerous predator such as this, but he felt in his heart that it was better than watching the person get killed while not doing anything about it.
At least I gave you the chance to run, foreigner. He thought absently.
The large shadow below his feet was still changing as the Shadow Fang fiend lunged at him with the hungry intent to kill. The creature was actually coming out of the shadow itself. Its long white fangs were huge and Alex knew he was going to be killed if he didn’t move from its strike. The cold golden quality in those eyes of the killer reminded him instantly of Rakkel. They were the eyes of a bitter and corrupted executioner. Alex’s chance of survival seemed to drop even more after this realization coursed through his thoughts.
He managed to somehow jump back and to the right just as the chest of the Shadow Fang came out from the shadowed ground. Alex tried his best to completely evade it, but the Shadow Fang got a hold of his arm in its huge mouth. Alex yelled out in pain as the rest of its monstrous body came out of the ground.
The predator’s teeth firmly held Alex’s left arm just behind its sharp saber’s. It had already dislocated his arm at the shoulder and large teeth had drawn blood. It stood on all fours and was over five feet tall, from its shoulder to ground. It had solid and sleek black fur from its muzzle all the way to its tail which Alex knew to be completely impenetrable by conventional human means. Its sharp claws were as long as a man’s fingers and was nowhere near as deadly as what lay contained within them. They carried a neurotoxin in their claws which will kill, if you were ever scratched, and there is no cure for it. A single drop of the toxin can kill over twenty full grown adults.
The murderous predator lifted its head and Alex as well when it knew that its initial strike had in a blurring show of speed missed, but thanks to the trapped arm the prey couldn’t get away. He was totally helpless in its maw while also in the air. The boy’s heart raced beyond anything ever experienced and still felt overly hot and a part of him wished that he had a way to escape all this. His mind kept racing for a solution and found only one. Alex had to kill an opponent who is far stronger than he ever could be. He knew of only one written method to kill a Shadow Fang, and that was to stab it in its only weakness. It’s eye.
Alex desperately wished for there to be an item that he could use to defend himself from this fiend. Then he remembered that his right hand still clutched something. He was still holding a pointed stick. He remembered trying to save the person and broke a stick off the tree just as he ran to the hopeless rescue. Alex saw that the stick in his hand was at most a foot long and where he broke it from the tree, it had a reasonably sharp point.
Its toss of Alex’s arm and body stopped as he gratefully landed on his feet again. He looked back at the beast as its mouth was opening again to fully bite through Alex’s arm. Alex could also see that the beast’s mouth was almost steaming and wondered if it was his hot body that caused it. The beast was still intent on the kill and Alex couldn’t continue thinking.
This was going to be his only chance.
Your mine! He shouted within his mind.
Just as the maw began to close, Alex firmly planted his feet and jumped forward. The beast’s left cold and golden eye met Alex’s enraged gray eyes just as he screamed out and thrust his right arm forward. He didn’t know where the courage or even the burst of strength came from, but he harnessed it. The pointed stick seemed to scream as well, while making its way to the intended target. The Shadow Fang tried closing its eye, to protect itself, but it was already too late. Alex had the advantage at this very moment and the creature didn’t.
The stick pierced the large black pupil of the golden eyed Shadow Fang, and Alex continued pushing it further in as hard as he possibly could. The only way to truly kill such a powerful creature is to pierce its brain and the only access was through its eye. He pushed the stick in as far as it would go and hoped to hit its brain. Just as Alex released the stick, he felt a dull pain in his left thigh.
The Shadow Fang’s mouth opened wide and Alex managed to bring his bloodied arm back before it could close again. The monstrous creature let out a short, but loud and terrifying, death yelp. The sound reverberated and shrieked through the woods like nothing else Alex has ever heard. The creature just announced his death and Alex’s very first win in combat. Alex jumped a few feet back while still feeling his heart thundering and ready side step if the beast managed to continue fighting again.
A single moment later the beast crumpled heavily to the ground next to the flowing stream. Because of its size and weight it made a large splash as it rolled off the bank. Its blood drained from its lifeless eye and colored the once clear water ominously. It twitched only once, but Alex knew it wouldn’t ever get back up or cause harm ever again. He had won a chance to endure.
Alex had done the impossible and survived.
With that thought the world crashed around him. Things seemed to move faster and normal for him once again. The river’s flow trickled in his hearing as did the slowing beat of his heart. Alex was sweating more than he ever had before and his body still felt hot, but the heat started dissipating quickly thanks to the sweat and continuous breeze. His left arm hung limply by his side and it throbbed in pain and the puncture wounds were still bleeding. He was breathing hard and fast from all the exertion. He felt completely exhausted, empty and expended and his body began to shake slowly. Being disoriented would be an understatement.
This was his first fight that he has ever won and it was the first Shadow Fang he’s ever seen, let alone his first apex land predator. He had heard and read the old legends that they once lived on the islands, but he never knew that they still did. Alex was glad he read a book that told him about the only real weakness that this powerful creature had. Otherwise their positions would be reversed.
Just then a blade appeared at Alex’s throat and a voice spoke behind him. “What is going on here?” Alex had almost forgotten that he pushed a person out of the way for their own safety. It immediately hit him that the person who spoke was actually a woman with a musically enchanting voice. He thought the person he was following was a man, but it was in fact a woman. From only the position and angle of the blade Alex knew that the woman was just as tall as he and her forearm was thicker than his in muscle tone. She was definitely part of the weapon’s class and a skilled warrior.
Alex didn’t move and spoke only the truth, and quickly because the woman wanted answers. She didn’t sound like the patient kind of person. “I was following you through the woods and knew something wasn’t right. I’m sorry if I hurt you, but if I didn’t, you would have been its next meal.” Alex took his right hand off his left arm to point over at the lifeless Shadow Fang. The blade didn’t move, but he heard the woman’s foot shuffling, to peer carefully over his shoulder.
The blade slowly eased away from his throat as the woman walked in front of him, but the blade’s tip remained pointed at him. It was then that Alex finally got a good look at her.
She was by far the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. Her entire body remained drenched from getting push into the stream, but she was a tall woman and stood six foot three as well. Her shoulder length hair was pure white and the dripping water droplets shimmered in the moonlight. Her facial expression was calm as she took Alex in as well and her skin was by far the fairest ever seen, a creamy alabaster. Her eyes were the color of amethyst and they danced with calculating curiosity, but there was something else that Alex knew all too well. There laid a loneliness in them that he’s seen only in his own eyes. Around her neck was a gold necklace. She had large muscled arms for a woman, that were scarred from all the battles and fights she’s most likely been in. Her legs were well toned beneath her pants and they were used to traveling over large distances. She wore a red sleeveless tunic that hung loosely to her bust and she wore brown pants and black boots. Alex knew she was a Royal Guard, but at this moment it didn’t matter. She was a warrior goddess standing before him and he stared in awe.
The sword pointed at his throat was a crescent blade, short sword. Its curved length was as long as the tip of his middle finger to his elbow. It is sharp on only the curved underside of the blade and the pointed tip was as sharp as the rest of it. Its blade was so thin that it could easily slip between the ribs of an opponent as easily as cutting through butter. He could see that her wet, sand covered hand was calm and steady on the handle, but the blade itself gave the impression that it wanted something. It looked like it wanted to fight or have a taste of blood; it seems to have a mind of its own.
The other blade at her hip looked to be straight, but since it was sheathed in its white casing Alex couldn’t tell with a certainty how it was actually shaped. Then something moved in her shirt and Alex caught a glimpse of metal moving over her breast by itself. It then moved down to her abdomen to hide under her sleeveless tunic. Her calm eyes explained that she was used to dangerous surprises. It was just then that Alex realized that he was standing in front of his first Level Five weapon’s class warrior. She was born with three items, that he could see.
He looked into her captivating purple eyes and asked “Did I hurt you?”
Her expression didn’t change as she said “Nay, you didn’t, but I did get drenched. And to top it off, I already bathed this morning and smelled quite pleasant.” Then her eyes shifted to Alex’s left arm. She felt sorry for some reason, but she kept her expression calm, neutral. She didn’t understand what was happening so she demanded with a casual tone “Tell me what happened. When you pushed me in, I didn’t get to see what transpired.”
With the blade still aimed at his throat Alex recounted everything from pushing her, to getting his arm trapped by the Shadow Fang, to putting it down with a stick. She then instantly began to laugh. Alex didn’t like being laughed at so he asked “What is so funny?”
She giggled and mindlessly slid her sword back into its sheathe. She then used her fingers to push her wet white hair back out of her face. The movement she made actually made Alex’s heart start leaping again, but for a new and strange reason that he didn’t understand. She then replied to him with a smile that seemed to initiate another and faster response in his beating heart. “That is the funniest story I’ve ever heard. Killing a Shadow Fang with simply a stick…” She laughed again at him. She has heard many wild stories before, but this one had topped them all. Her purple eyes twinkled as she said “Come on, you’d have to be at least a level four weapon’s class to even stand a chance of defending yourself from something like that. What’s your weapon? Where is it?”
With his jaw set he pointed directly to the large creature that laid not fifteen feet behind her. “Go look at its eye and see for yourself.”
Her eyes narrowed, but she turned around and slowly made her way to the carcass. She gripped the hilts her swords with each hand and gasped as she got a better look at the dead being. She suddenly got the feeling that this person behind her isn’t the kind of person to make a joke in this situation. A trickle of respect rose in her for this civilian. She then kicked its massive head and made sure it wasn’t going to come back from the dead. She then knelt by its head to get a closer look at its eyes. Alex heard her whisper “He really did do it with just a simple, everyday stick…” She then reached forward and grabbed the handle of the stick. With one swift movement she pulled it out and whistled in amazement. She stood and walked back to Alex with a broad grin. She brandished the stick in the moonlight so she could see it better. “This was quite a kill. I’ve never known anyone who could take on one of the Big Three with a simple stick. You were lucky.” She dropped the stick and asked “What kind of item do you have anyway?”
Alex smiled at the breathtaking woman while feeling a little weaker than he felt he should be. His leg began to feel a little number, but he pushed the thought away. Alex said calmly “I’ll tell you if you can put my arm back in place.”
She grinned and cracked her knuckles. “My pleasure. This will hurt so good.” It was then he realized she was used to pain and took pleasure in inflicting it. Alex wondered what could change a woman with her beauty into such a hardened warrior. On second thought, never mind. Some things were better off unanswered. She saw his reluctance and felt strange being rescued. It was the first time anyone has done something like that for her and she repays her debts.
She walked up and ripped his shirt at the shoulder so she could use the sleeve and see the amount of damage he took in her stead. She held the ripped fabric in her hand and whistled as she inspected the arm again. “You sure are a skinny guy, but I guess you already knew that. And those wounds will leave some beautiful scars. It will drive the women around here crazy for you.” She grinned as she stepped closer. She wondered why she could talk to him so easily when she didn’t like anyone. She assumed it was the stress of the tense situation.
She smelled like a warm sea breeze when she came close enough, but Alex acted cavalier about realizing that bit of information. Even after getting a rinse from the stream she still smelled pleasant and intoxicating to him and he enjoyed the closeness for the sudden moment. She now stood in front of him and was proven that she stood as just as tall, but she had larger and more toned muscles than he. Their eyes connected for only a moment, but his heart reacted and raced faster than the fight with the Shadow Fang. He sucked up the courage to change the course of his thoughts and said “Even with the scars, the women won’t like me, and that’s the truth.” She stopped to listen and they were so close to each other he could almost feel a tingling sensation all over his body. “All the women around here know me and they wouldn’t care if I wound up dead tonight. You see, everyone who knows me has treated me as an outcast... Well compared to everyone else I am.”
She used his distracted mind to her advantaged so she could ease his pain. Her hands grabbed his left forearm and upper arm and she pulled down on Alex’s limb and relocated his bone into his shoulder. He clenched his jaw and didn’t grunt, groan or scream from the pain. She calmly watched him as he flexed his fingers and arm, careful not to increase the pain he was already under. She then tied his sleeves around the puncture wounds. She stepped back and said “That will do for now, but you might need to find a healer to fix those small injuries.” Their eyes met again and she felt like she could talk to him about anything, but she bluntly asked “Now why don’t women like you? You’re not homely to look at. In fact you are quite handsome for a thin man if I may say so. Even if I can barely see what you look like in this lighting.” She rested her hands on the round pommels of her swords out of habit.
Alex smiled and told her the truth. “It goes back to your question about my item…” He took a calming breath because she has been the first person he’s needed to tell this to in many years. “The truth is, I was born without an item of any kind.” Her amethyst eyes widened even though Alex could tell she had a hard time seeing him. “I don’t know why, but I was born like this.” Her lips parted and she was about to say something, but he continued. “When I said that women don’t like me, that was a lie. Practically everyone doesn’t like me and I can’t blame them. I can even see the shock and disgust from you at just hearing that I was born itemless.”
“What’s your name? You are like no itemless I’ve ever seen.” She asked calmly and it brought Alex up short with the change of subject. Her eyes began shining again and the look of disgust she just had for him disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. He said “My name is Alex, son of none.”
She took a step closer to Alex and said “My name is Lily. The title I was given is Lily of the Blood Moon.” Then she did something unexpected, she grabbed Alex’s right forearm and he mindlessly grasped hers. Lily’s hands were calloused like all warriors for most, if not all of her life. Whereas Alex’s hands were still relatively smooth. “Thanks for saving my life, Alex, son of none. And as a reward for saving me you may ask one thing from me; as long as I am capable of granting it.”
He wanted the only one thing he’s never had. “What about being my first friend? It that a reasonable reward from you?”
Her brow furrowed as she took her hand off Alex’s and he released his hold as well. She took a step back to study Alex in a whole new light. No one has ever asked her for something like that. “Normally men want money or pleasuring favors…but you want a friend? You would want to befriend a woman who is built like a man? Is something wrong with you? Did you hit your head or something?” Lily has never felt this strange emotion before, it was alien.
Alex smiled weakly and spoke the truth. “I just think you’re a beautiful woman and I want to at least have one friend in my life... I just…”
His body felt weaker than ever before and his legs had gone completely numb. The image of Lily standing before him began to blur and shift in a strange way, like looking at ones reflection in a rippling pool of water. Lily shouted “What’s wrong!” as Alex’s left leg buckled and the next thing that he knew he began looking at her sideways. He knew that he’d fallen completely down to the forest floor, but didn’t understand why. He knew his arm hurt from the attack, but it was treatable. Then Alex remembered a weird feeling from earlier. He was barely able to manage turning over on his back to say “Check my legs.”
Alex’s blurred vision of Lily began quickly walking closer and she knelt by his legs. He didn’t feel anything as Lily grasped his pants above where they were slashed and ripped it open further to see what he was speaking about. She touched the area where three shallow cuts had been inflicted just above his knee. His flesh, she realized, was feverish and coated in sweat and blood. When he didn’t react to the sensation she pressed painfully into the wounds. A normal person would be shrieking in agony from what she was doing. She suddenly knew what happened and feared for her savior. In a haunted voice Lily asked “Alex, can you feel this?” He shook his head slowly. Her lips became a hard white line as she rocked back to sit on her bottom. Her blurring purple eye looked at his face and he knew whatever it was, it wasn’t good. She spoke in the same sorrowful tone. “I’m sorry to tell you this, Alex, but you’ve been scratched. The Shadow Fang must have somehow done it during the fight; if it did then...”
“You don’t have to say it.” Alex cut her off. “I know what it means. There isn’t a cure to counteract a Shadow Fang’s neurotoxin.” He took in the deepest breath he could, feeling his strength leave by the second and said “What’s your answer?”
“What was the question?” Her voice still remained hollow.
Alex closed his heavy eyes and asked “Will you be my friend?”
Lily let out a soft and quiet laugh. She moved closer to him by crawling on her knees. Alex opened his eyes just as she laid a comforting hand on his chest, but barely felt it because the toxin was paralyzing all of his nerves and his body was going completely numb. He could almost see her smile and thought it truly beautiful. “Aye, I will be your friend if that is your request.” He smiled and sighed, feeling a burden being lifted. She asked “You look happy. May I ask why?”
He managed to say “Because I have the most beautiful woman in the world as my friend. I will at least know that I did the right thing and gained a friend before the toxin takes my life. It took me eighteen years to finally obtain a friend.”
“You’re as old as I am! I’m thankful that you saved my life. You did your duty and sacrificed yourself for the greater wellbeing of all the lands.” With Alex’s one good arm he grabbed her wrist that was still on his chest. He squeezed with all he had and she said “Alex, that really hurts.” She wondered where this burst of strength came from after seeing him getting weaker, the grip was unbreakable.
“Forget about being my one friend.” She gasped and tried pulling her hand back, but he was feeling strong at the moment. Alex looked at her warping face and said “I don’t like people who can’t think for themselves. Our lives are ours alone and not the king’s to do as he wants. To other’s I’m considered a slave, but in my heart I know I’m not. I chose to help you because it was my decision. I didn’t do it for anyone, but for myself and for you. I make my decisions and do what I want, but the Royal’s are mindless drones who do what they are told without conscience. My uncle told me stories of how the Royal Guard butchered innocent families just because they wanted to live by themselves and not want to be ruled by that tyrant.” Her purple eyes grew in surprise at his rant. “If you’re one of those mindless drones and kill for the fun of it or because you’re afraid to stand up to your superiors, I don’t want you as a friend. I will only be friends with those who love and cherish freedom rather than those who are taking freedom and breath from the people.”
Her voice became quiet as she said “What if I think about what you said?” Alex released his grasp on her wrist.
A soft whisper was the most he could manage. “Then we are already friends. That was the first step you just made… all on your own. You’re beginning to think like you were born to do, not obey someone else and be treated like a beast. Now I’m proud of you even though we’ve met only this once.”
Numbness and absence of sensation consumed him rapidly as he closed his eyes, but his hearing remained intact. Lily said in a heartfelt and casual tone “Let me carry you back. It’s the least I could do, my friend.”
“Nay… it is too dangerous to carry…me. Too many… dangers are still around. Just leave me here…and get to safety. This is… my final request…” It became increasingly difficult to breathe, let alone continue speaking to her.
“I will never forget you, Alex. You are an honorable and brave man. I now wish I had gotten to know you better. I hope we meet again in the afterlife, my friend.” Lily could see how quickly he was departing for the next life. She made a decision that she would keep the memory of her first friend as he was and not as a lifeless corpse. He deserved more than dying alone out here but she knew he was right. If a Shadow Fang existed here than there would most likely be more and there were other fiends to worry about. She needed to tell someone, but who would believe? Alex faintly heard the leaves moving beside him and knew she stood up. “I don’t know if you can hear me, but I’m going. Good bye, Alex the Fang Slayer.”
As Alex heard her departing all he saw was the darkness of an empty abyss and felt absolutely nothing. He wasn’t sure if he was even alive or dead anymore because time felt like an endless void of darkness. He couldn’t tell if it had been centuries or a single moment that had passed. Nothing seemed to truly matter anymore. The sounds of the forest started becoming weaker, dimmer and quieter until he was all alone. He was weak and this was the consequence of his passive nature. The feeling of nothingness became maddening. So this is what it is like to die? Being in agonizing pain would be a comfort rather than the constant nothingness. He thought. It was like he never existed to begin with. He stared into the abysmal and empty darkness as it seemed to welcome him with open arms. He didn’t even know if he was warm or freezing to death. Everything he did during his life culminated into dying alone in the forest. That was certain.
All alone... I’ll be that way forever. That is the way it will always be for me.
Then it hit him about being alone. Alex remembered hearing that little boy’s voice out here. His parents were both killed and he was also alone out here with the person who had killed his family. Alex didn’t know what he was capable of doing, but he would fight this emptiness and learn how to get to that child to safety, any way he possibly could, if it weren’t already too late. He needed to help and fast.
Darkness still swirled around him, but he began fighting it. The abyss was reluctant to release him, but he finally felt a warmth in his belly telling Alex that there was still fight left within him. He was still alive at the moment. The emptiness wasn’t going to hold him prisoner. It began like a slow burning smolder, but as he fought against the cold emptiness the heat inside began growing and spreading to his limbs.
As the fire raged through the darkness he heard the child’s voice again. “Mister, are you still alive?” Alex also thought he heard a whimper.
He then began to feel his extremities once again. It was a dull and weak feeling, but it let him know that the dark abyss was losing the fight. He wasn’t strong enough to open his eyes yet, but he somehow managed to use his voice. It was strange because when he spoke his throat seemed to change and feel different. Alex’s throat was dry so that was probably why it felt different. “Aye, I’m still alive… Did you get away from that evil person safely?”
“Yes, but it seems like you took care of him. And he was my uncle.” His small voice was quiet, but full of emotion. The voice sounded relieved most of all.
Uncle…? I didn’t take care of your uncle. I didn’t even see him. The only thing that died by my hand was that fiend.
Then Alex heard the child making his way closer to him. Then he heard an felt the child smelling his face. The breath was warm against Alex’s cheek. The little boy then said “You have my uncle’s foul smell all over you. It seems like you were the one who saved my life. And the lives of others no doubt,” He didn’t know what the kid was talking about let alone know why he just smelled him. Alex kept fighting until he could feel his eyes again.
As Alex began to open his eyes once again he realized that he was still laying flat on his back. The ground felt cool and slightly moist under him, being so close to the stream he was glad it didn’t rain to raise the stream’s water level. The sky was still mostly dark, but the first rays of the sun had colored the empty atmosphere. Alex knew that he had been laying here for at least six hours. He could hear the musical chirping of some birds or the loud mating calls of others. The sound of trickling water flowed several yards from his head and the fresh smell of that water helped to sharpen his senses. He then managed to move his head to the side to speak to the child, but instead froze instantly.
Right in front of Alex sat another Shadow Fang, but this one was still just a small pup. It sat on its haunches, staring right at him with peaceful and intelligent gold eyes. It sat like a proud little warrior. It had a wet black nose and its opaque whiskers were relaxed against its long muzzle. It had two small white saber’s, barely visible passing the flap of its lips. They were only two tiny nubs, but they were sharp. Its pointed ears were both attentive and aimed directly at Alex. He saw the little black tail swishing slowly back and forth over the dried leaves where it sat. The pup seemed excited. Its two front legs were straight and the little black nails Alex saw were just as deadly as a full grown adult’s. Sleek black fur covered every inch of its body.
Scanning around the pup he said “Little boy? Where are you?”
The ears of the pup folded back at his raised voice. “I’m right here.” Alex followed the voice back to the pup and thought he was losing what remained of his sanity. It cocked its little head and when it opened its mouth it said “I was the only one talking. Did you hit your head?”
“I must have if I’m talking with a fiend.” Alex still didn’t dare move.
The pup lifted his lips into a playful smile. It looked rather menacing, but the gesture made Alex’s worry become disarmed. Long canines were still sharp despite their apparent size. “I can’t believe I’m talking to a human either. My parents wouldn’t believe me…” Then his ears dropped as did his eyes. Alex couldn’t believe he was conversing with a fiend, let alone see one them showing emotion’s similar to a human. The pup sniffled and wiped his nose with the back of his left paw and said “I wish I could tell them… they would have had a good laugh with me… I can’t believe my uncle killed them for no reason. They never hurt anyone out of meanness. When they would hunt, they did it only to survive…”
Alex managed to finally move his weak right arm. Since the pup was so close he was able to easily reach its head. It was stupid of him to do so, but even if he was insane, the pup needed to feel safety in the form of touch. Alex placed his hand on the top of his head and found his head was only as big as his palm. The pup’s fur was actually soft even though nothing could normally penetrate it. He began rubbing, slowly and reassuringly to the little one.
When the pup realized it was Alex rubbing his head he felt his body tense up. Ever so slowly his head turned up and their eyes met. Alex knew of only one thing he could say that would help the little one know he wasn’t alone anymore. “I know what it is like to lose a parent.” His little gold eyes began to tear up at the words. “I lost my mother when I was a child too. I was raised by my uncle and I love him as if he were my real father. Things happen in this world that are unbearably tragic, but it can be overcome with the help from those who love you.”
The weakness and accumulated strain forced him to lay his arm down on the ground and the pup followed the movement. He thought: The human seems kind and he did take care of my problem. What’s more, he is unlike any human I’ve ever heard before. I understand this human. When he finally looked back at Alex he said “Those who love me will help me get through a tragedy?” Alex nodded and he grinned again. “How about I make a proposition with you?”
It was a big word and Alex has never known a child say before which impressed him much more than how they were communicating. He said “What do you have in mind?” Alex smiled knowing how ridiculous all this sounded right this minute. He was making a deal with a fiend and a Shadow Fang at that.
“Since we’ve both lost our parents, how about we become brothers?” He proudly proposed, showing his smiling teeth again. “We will help each other, play with each other, laugh and cry, eat together, protect each other and most of all love each other as a real pack...” His gold eyes turned into the distance as he recalled something from his past. “My father once showed me a group of human children who aren’t related, but they all still lived together and did everything like a pack. I think we could be like them.”
Is he serious? How could we be brothers? My life needs a change like this and he’s putting his hopes in my hands. Alex didn’t have to think long because he could tell the pup meant every word. How could anyone crush the hope of a child? It wouldn’t be Alex who would start. He smiled and said proudly “Alright. I will be your big brother and you can be my little brother.” He grinned even brighter and threw his head back into a childish howl. Every animal sound around them became instantly silent. Even powerful fiends give a wide berth to a Shadow Fang; even a pup. Then Alex remembered something important and had forgotten to ask. “By the way my name is Alex. What’s yours?”
Alex had to give the pup credit he had a strong sense of pride for one so young. He drew himself up on all fours and threw his head straight and level, just like his father taught him. The breeze moved some of the fine ebony hairs on his back and the morning light made his black fur glisten. He was a beautiful creature and one of the greatest. He spoke proudly and clearly. “My name is Shade given to me by my father, Specter of the Crashing Waves. I am also the younger brother of the human Alex. I am eight months old and I’m the strongest amongst the other two pups my age.” Then he tilted his head and his gold eyes told Alex to do the same.
He wouldn’t have a weak sibling nor would he get one. Alex thought. Even though numbness consumed him he could still feel a little bit of his extremities. He tested them out, finding the right arm worked he turned his head to his left side. Alex’s left arm was still giving him the feeling of a numbed pain. Forcing his shoulder to move he tested the movement of his right arm and fingers. They all worked. He lifted his head up slowly and wiggled his dirty toes and rotated his ankles. Alex drew his right heel up and firmly planted it in the loose dark soil and then moved the left. He clenched his abdominal muscles and pushed with his arms into a sitting position. It wasn’t easy to do and he still felt exhausted from earlier and the toxin’s damage remained ever present in his weakened state. Alex gritted his teeth and used his remaining strength to lean forward and pushed with all the leg strength he had remaining.
He didn’t have any balance, but there was a nearby tree and he was able to grab onto it before crashing back to the ground. His left shoulder screamed in agony so he let go of the tree limb and held on with only his right hand. It was able to support his weight and he was breathing heavily. It took some time before his equilibrium became mildly solid and sure.
During this whole time Shade only watched silently and patiently. He didn’t realize how badly he was hurt, but even he knew what happened to animals who show weakness. The human, Alex, must know how dangerous it is as well. The only thing that moved was Shade’s head and he was now looking up. His eyes remained focused solely on Alex. Even he knew this was taking his all.
With balance restored, he moved away from the tree to stand in front of the small Shadow Fang. Even as Shade stood he only came up to the middle of Alex’s calf muscle. He looked down to check his appearance. His left pants leg were ripped just above the knee and clearly revealed three large claw marks from where Shade’s uncle scratched him. The leg was still bloody, but it had dried and begun to scab. His left arm was still wrapped up, but they were completely soaked with his very own blood.
He looked down into patient golden eyes and eventually made his introductions. “I am Alex, son of none. My mother’s name was Eriana. I am older brother to the fiend, Shade. I was born itemless and as such I’m weaker than my human brethren.” His tiny brow furrowed at Alex’s foreign words. “But I’ll make another vow to you, Shade. I will become as strong as I can to protect my family. That is what a big brother does.”
He grinned with his cute little fangs again. “And I will do the same when I grow up big and strong.” A moment later Shade tilted his head and his attentive ears sagged to the side. He was looking at all of Alex’s wounds, but something else had caught his attention. “What did my uncle do to you, Alex?”
“He bit my left arm and scratched me with his claws.” He didn’t need to know all the details, but Alex couldn’t lie.
His gold eyes widened and he trotted forward. He pushed himself up on his back legs and placed his front paws gently on Alex’s left kneecap. He leaned in closer and examined the claw marks on his thigh. He then sniffed the wound and his ears flipped back and snarled deep in his chest. Alex became frightened for a moment, but relaxed as the fiend dropped down again. Shade was confounded by what he scented. His eyes spoke of disbelief and when he opened his jaw he said “My uncle pumped you full of the toxin. How are you still alive? Mother said only we were immune to its effects.”
Alex spoke honestly to him. “I haven’t a single clue. But I’m still feeling the effects of it. I can’t even explain how I’m even still breathing…” Then a thought hit him. “Maybe I’m resistant to the toxin your species produce, but as far as I know I’m the only one who has ever survived.”
Then Shade broke into a full grin. “That is good news.” Then he looked down and moved around to stand beside Alex’s right leg, but he faced the opposite direction. His tone became cold and passionless. “What should we do with him?”
Alex turned to see Shade glaring at his deceased uncle. He spoke in the same tone of voice “We cannot do anything. He is too big and I would guess he weighs nearly two thousand pounds… We should allow the scavengers to do their job.”
Shade caught the meaning and said “He deserves nothing better for what he’s done to both of us.” Then he looked up and his gold eyes softened. “Before we go I think you need to fix your coverings.”
Alex looked at himself after figuring what he meant and said “You’re absolutely right. I can’t tell anyone about fighting a Shadow Fang or else they might try and hunt the others down, if they believed me that is. I don’t want you to be in any danger like that.”
He couldn’t believe that Shade could understand complex words, let alone know about adult reasoning’s. He is smarter than should be possible. Shade then asked “May I be of any help?”
Shaking his head was an easy gesture to comprehend. Alex looked at the uncle and saw that the stream had dropped an inch and the blood didn’t mix with the clear liquid. He said “Give me a few minutes. I need to look decent.” In answer, Shade sat back on his haunches. Alex looked up to see that the sun had risen and removed the eerie night.
Alex walked past the deceased beast and waded into the cold stream. The dirt whisked away from his feet as he placed them in the water. Alex walked in until it came up to his knees. He knew that his pants were ruined beyond repair so he finished ripping the cloth from around the knee. With a firm grasp he ripped off the other side of his pants so they could match. He cupped the water in his one good hand and took a drink of the cool, refreshing liquid. With his throat now wet it felt so much better. He untied the blood stained bandage and threw it over on the bank with the other scraps of cloth. His arm felt worse than it actually looked. The blood wasn’t sticky and it was almost completely dry. He cupped the water again and washed all the blood off his arm. He counted a total of eight bite marks, but they only broke the skin and a miniscule amount of muscle had been pierced. Alex felt grateful that an artery wasn’t severed. He knew he didn’t need to see a healer because the wounds would heal on their own in time, if they didn’t get infected. He ripped the other sleeve carefully with his left hand to match his sleeveless left arm. After cleaning his clothes from laying in the dirt, he took a quick dip to submerge his entire body. It was cold, but he didn’t feel so dirty or smelly anymore.
When he walked out of the water he said “My uncle will be worried about me and I need to see him anyways.”
“Can I come with you?” Shade asked, standing up.
“We’re brothers right?”
Alex’s smile made him smile.
The elder sibling started walking through the forest with Shade trotting by his side. He kept up with Alex’s strides without any effort. As they slowly made their way to Alex’s uncle’s farm he told Shade “Listen, I don’t want you to get hurt and the only way I can do that is to keep you a secret.” He looked up at Alex and kept silent so he went on. “People are afraid of fiends and would kill you on sight before they ever got to know you. I will be with you as much as I can, but we will be safer in the dark hours… By the way, what do you eat?”
He grinned, showing all his teeth. “Everything… I like the meat my parents brought me back from their hunts and all the sweet fruits and berries. I don’t like bitter or bland things.” Alex didn’t know that Shadow Fangs weren’t strictly carnivores. When one thinks of predators we think of meat eaters, but Alex filed away this new and important fact.
“Then tonight I’ll bring you out some food. You look like you can use some. How long has it been since you’ve last eaten exactly?” He noticed Shade’s ribs were beginning to show and his little hips were bony.
Shade looked down, feeling ashamed for his past few stressful nights, but kept walking alongside his new brother. “My last meal was three days ago. That was when my uncle killed my parents. I was searching for food last night when he found me.” He looked up and changed the subject. “What is your den like?” Alex told him about where he live and Shade felt a thrill about visiting a new place.
During the rest of the trip they learned small things about each other.

When they finally returned to the farm, Alex showed him a place he could hide. Shade went willingly and curled up in a small hole inside the base of a hollowing tree. Before Alex knew it Shade was fast asleep. Alex reached into the hole and rubbed his head and said in a whisper “I will come see you when it gets dark and I’ll bring food too.”
The sun was almost overhead when Alex slipped out of the confines of the trees and into the farm. He quickly saw his uncle’s movements breaking the soil with his item, off on the far end of the field. He didn’t see Alex, so he walked over. When Alex came closer he saw an item at work. Gambit’s hoe is a Level One utility. Its special property is to cut through the hardest substances as easily as cutting through water. He was breaking the volcanic rock for the next planting season. Though it’s been twenty years since Gambit first worked the fields he still finds large stones that need to be broken down. His bare back muscles had a thick sheen of sweat that was covered in black volcanic soil.
When Alex was close enough he felt that weird sensation in his throat again as he said “Uncle, I’m back.”
Gambit spun around and Alex saw a pain of worry leave his uncle’s face. Pure relief showed on his smiling expression when he saw Alex return home safely. His brow was caked in sweat and mud from all the work he’s been doing all morning. He held his item in his left hand and rubbed the sweat from his eyes with the back of his right. His blue eyes twinkled and his beard flew in every possible direction. He began to walk towards his nephew as he spoke “Alex, where did you go?! I checked your room before I left this morning and…” His eyes widened as he saw the arm and ripped attire. “Alex, what happened?!”
Alex smiled as they were close enough to speak normally. “I went out last night to get a start on the present you got for me and I slipped on some sharp rocks and they did this.” He lifted his throbbing left arm so Gambit could get a better look. Blue eyes studied the riddled arm closely and Alex could only hope the tooth patterns were odd enough that he’d believe the story. “And when I got back up I realized my leg happened to be scratched as well.”
Gambit lifted his head back and started laughing. Alex hoped he didn’t know that he lied to his uncle’s face. He put a hand on Alex good shoulder and was grateful that that was the worst that happened. In a chiding tone he said “See what happens when you forget to take a torch with you. Now tell me how you feel?”
Alex looked behind him and pointed. “I feel like the stones you just broke.”
He turned and laughed. “So you feel that good? Boy, don’t scare me like that again. If you hadn’t come back by nightfall I was going to start up a search for you.” He looked back at Alex a few moments later and eventually said “We need to talk about my son, Rakkel.”
Alex held up his hand for a moment. “Hold on a minute, Uncle.” He waited as Alex explained “Let me go get a rake to help you smooth out that new soil.”
As the words registered in Gambit’s mind his jaw hung by their hinges as his nephew walked back to the farmhouse to get a rake. Alex knew why his uncle was stunned; he couldn’t believe that he was going to help him to work out in the field.
It was a change neither would have expected.
When Alex made it to the house he walked through the door and grabbed the rake. As he was passing the awning he saw that the wooden pail was empty. Alex knew that his uncle would be thirsty from working so hard. He picked up the bucket and walked behind the house to fill it up with the fresh and cool water.
He smiled knowing that he was taking his very first step to becoming stronger. Alex felt a change slowly happening within himself. And then he remembered Lily taking her first step towards finding herself and not letting the king dictate how and what she was ordered to do. Alex looked into the building clouds and sun to pledge “I’ll search you out and show you I’m still alive, my friend. I hope your still around by then.”
Alex then held the heavy water in his right hand and the rake rested carefully in his left as he began walking forward and taking a first step to a new and respectable goal.





Chapter 3

When Alex finally managed to make it back to his uncle, Gambit remained in the same shocked position, but the only change was that the butt of his item was planted like a walking staff in the ground. It supported him before his legs gave out from surprise. When they were close enough to talk in a civilized tone Alex raised the pail of water and said “Uncle, I think you could use this right about now.”
His hanging jaw turned into a grin. “Aye, that I do.” Alex handed over the pail and Gambit easily held it with one large hand. Holding the underside, he put his mouth to the lip of the pail and tilted it up. Once he downed over half of the water he eventually took a needed breath. With his breath captured he said “Alex, that was exactly what I needed. Do you want any?”
He shook his head and said “Nay, but thank you, Uncle. I had enough when I drew it for you.”
Alex gratefully shifted the rake from his painful left hand and transferred it over to the right. As he started walking to the destroyed rocks his uncle couldn’t help but watch in astonishment. He needed to make sure what he was seeing was truly there. Gambit took a piece of cloth from his pocket, dipped it in the water and then used the cloth to wipe his face and neck. When he looked again he wasn’t dreaming. Alex was actually going to do physical labor in the middle of summer. He had to rest before he collapsed from the remarkable transformation that occurred overnight. He sat down as he used the remaining water to cool himself off. He laid his item across his lap and Alex could feel his uncle’s eyes locked on his back. “I’m not sure you should work with injuries like those. Maybe start with something less taxing and recover first.”
Ignoring him, Alex studied from how the dark earth looked to be freshly tilled, that his uncle had been working since the light first touched the sky. Alex started work at the edge of the dark tilled soil and would work his way in. He quickly found out that his left arm was too damaged to be of any aid in this task. Alex put his hand in his pocket and did his best to not move it. It was difficult to use a rake with one arm, but he still managed to do so. Seeing Alex’s silent resolve, his uncle kept any more concerns to himself.
Confidently he pushed the rake, with only his right hand, far out in front of himself and pulled back on the handle with much effort, but the work demanded that he force down his wrist to get the rake to work the soil properly. What he was doing was pulling out the larger volcanic rock chunks that were difficult to see because they blended in so well with the soil. Every now and then he’d come across a large one that couldn’t be raked and he’d dig them up with his toes to kick them in a forming pile.
During the difficult hour, his body sweat profusely and encased in dirt that soon turned into slick mud, but he managed to keep it mostly on his right side so that his wounds wouldn’t get any foreign matter that would become infected. The piles of chipped and cut stones were raked into six larger piles that came up to the height of his knee and were each lined up in a five foot long straight row. Gambit still didn’t say a single word as he watched his newfound nephew work alone. If all else he was a patient man and watching Alex work became highly welcome entertainment. Alex’s right hand and entire arm was now as sore and tender as his left.
Seeing how his struggle became labored Gambit broke the silence while standing up. “Alex, that’s enough for today. Don’t overwork yourself. You don’t want to faint like you did as a child.” Alex planted the rake in the cleared soil and looked at him while breathing heavy. Gambit peered at him oddly while leaning against his item for support and he continued speaking “Come over here and sit down. You’ve saved me a lot of work today with all you did. Now rest.”
Alex didn’t need to be told again as his grasp on the handle weakened. He walked over to his uncle as he calmly waited for him to sit in the dark and soft soil. It was surprising that it was still actually cool in this heat. When Alex finally released the rake he looked at his aching hand, noticing it was covered in seven blisters from the work he did and two had busted, leaving a piece of hanging and bloody skin. Uncle Gambit looked at Alex’s hand from where he stood. He finally said “What happened and where did my nephew go?” Alex looked at him and they both started to laugh like two crazed old men. Then his Uncle Gambit twirled his item strangely as he sat beside Alex. With his item in his lap once again he asked “What caused this sudden change in you, m’ boy?”
Alex looked at him and said “Last night was an eye opener for me and I decided to take the advice you gave before we ate supper.” Gambit smiled, but waited for him to continue. “If I wasn’t this weak, I wouldn’t have been hurt as badly as I was. I can read and complain all I want, but I can only imagine so much. The rest I need to do with hard work.” He nodded with a positive smile. Gambit thought; He is learning. “From now on I’m going to start doing more around here and not have to rely on you so much. I’m going to do my best to make your life as easy as it can be. Let’s face it you’re not getting any younger.”
“Cheeky little brat.” He grinned and he carefully bumped Alex’s shoulder with his, so as to not intensify the agony. A few minutes later he said “You’re right about me getting on in age and I’m glad to hear this new side of you. I will enjoy having a little more help around here. Did anything else happen last night?”
Alex knew he wasn’t entirely fooled by the story and wasn’t as ignorant as he sometimes pretended to be. Then it hit him on how to change the flow of this slippery conversation. “Actually I made my first friend and she is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever met.”
Gambit’s pale blue eyes widened until they were surrounded by white. “You met a woman? Who was she?”
Alex smiled and his uncle did as well. “Her name is Lily. When I fell I dislocated my shoulder, but she found me and put it back in place.” His uncle’s smile faded because he didn’t tell him this part of the story, but he went on before getting berated. “She is as tall as I am and she is a foreigner. She said once I’m healed and put on a few pounds of manliness to come look for her.”
His grin spread. “Sounds like a fine woman.”
Alex then had a sudden thought. “Uncle, you said we needed to talk about Rakkel. What did you mean by that?”
Gambit’s playful side vanished and was replaced by complete and total seriousness. He grabbed his item and stood, hoping not to be overheard because Rakkel could be far away and still able to hear their conversation. He looked at the mounds of rocks and changed the subject. “We will have that discussion over supper. For now, go tend to your normal duties and clean yourself up. You can’t afford to get those wounds of yours infected, else we will need to find you a healer. I’ll finish up working with these piles you made and we’ll discuss matters then.”
He walked forward and started slicing through the rocks with the blade of his item like they were nothing. Lingering hostility could be felt from his uncle and instead of pushing for more information he took the advice and made his way to the house to return the rake and fill the bucket for supper.
When Alex went to the chicken coop again he decided to try something out. When he entered their cage he didn’t guard against the strange voices he’s heard ever since he was a small child. Many voices began ringing in his ears while clucking simultaneously. And he focused to hear just one. “Look out! Let’s get out of here. The giant is going to eat us. Get away from it! Get away!” Then the hens scattered to the other corner, as one group. As the chickens tried running and flapping away they said the same things over and over. It was like they forgot what they were saying and doing every few seconds.
Alex felt a slight tickle in his throat again as he shouted “Stop!” Suddenly every fowl in the pin became motionless. In the silence they were all looking at him, almost incredulously. All of their beaks were completely agape. He said “I’m not going to hurt any of you.”
“You’re not?” one of the chicken’s twisted their head and its beak opened to say “Why won’t you hurt us?” Then suddenly the voices screeched “Look out!” Let’s…” They kept on repeating about him being a fiend or giant and moving away from him all over again.
It was then he knew that they weren’t very smart nor did they have a memory of more than a few brief seconds. Alex smiled once again, finally understanding that he was hearing the voices of animals and fiends growing up as a child and not off in the head. Relief of this realization washed away years of worry.
He collected the eggs and made his escape. After that odd encounter he collected more than the usual amount of food for supper. He hadn’t eaten all day and he needed the nourishment.
By the time it was close to eating together he had already bathed and shaved. His wounds began to heal and scab agonizingly slowly, but this was the only first day and he knew it would take awhile to heal completely. He was also glad that his uncle put the bread in the oven to bake for breakfast.
As Alex began setting out larger portions on the table his uncle came into the room with one of the wrapped packages he brought home yesterday. “Alex, those were your only pair of clothes you had left and now they are ruined beyond all reason. I want you to have these if you’re going to work with me.”
He took the package reluctantly saying “Uncle, these will be too big.”
Shaking his head slowly he informed “Listen to me. If you are serious about becoming stronger, these clothes will fit perfectly soon enough. You will be a large man before either of us know it. Now go put those on and then we can start eating all this mouthwatering food.”
Alex smiled, grateful for the gift, and walked off to try them on. He made it to his dark room and stripped off his old and well worn clothes for the final time. He sat the package in the hammock and opened the paper wrapping. Inside the bag lay a large black tunic with long sleeves. The black pants were accompanied by a brown leather belt. He recognized the belt as it was actually one of his uncle’s. Gambit had enough forethought to know it would be needed to keep Alex’s pants up. Everything easily slid on. He truly was a great man who has always taken exceptional care of Alex. It was past time to return the favor.
Grateful for his uncle’s belt, because it was indeed loose and barely hung from the hips if he remained still, he smiled. He had to tuck the tunic into his pants just so the belt could hold everything together. Alex tested them by taking a few steps and the new clothes felt odd because he wasn’t used to such loose attire.
Finally reentering the main room, his uncle was still patiently waiting at the table. He looked up as Alex came closer and he smiled. “Those clothes look good on you. Now, come over so that we may eat together.”
He sat down and they began eating. Alex filled his plate with as much food as his uncle did and it didn’t escape those critical blue eyes. Every now and then he would look down or away and Alex would take the opportunity to slip food in his pockets. He had some egg and berries wrapped in a piece of cloth, hidden in one pocket, and bread rolls in the other. Even with the hidden food he still ate more than he ever had before. Alex was hungry since he didn’t eat since last night, but was soon too full. Gambit already finished and waited until he took his last bite.
Once Alex put his spoon down Gambit’s face became cool and serious. “Alex, there are some things you need to know.”
He leaned forward slightly and asked warily “What is going on?”
Gambit sighed and his eyes said that he didn’t want to say anything, but he must be the one say it. “Last night, you know that my son joined the despicable Royal Guard.” He also said a few well said curses about them. Alex nodded, remembering the dispute that made him want to leave the property to begin with. “Well, for his unpardonable actions I’ve disowned him as my heir and he well knows it.” Alex’s eyes went wide at this startling development. “That being said, I have left this land and all its assets to you, in the event should anything happen to me.” Alex opened his mouth to understand, but Gambit’s unfinished stare made it close to allow him finish what needed to be said. “Last night, I was so angry with him that I made a small slip of the tongue about my past and can only hope that Rakkel won’t understand what I said. Only my late wife knows of what I did as a young man, Alex. You don’t need to know about my past either; so please don’t ask me about it. But let me say, I could get in serious trouble if accounts of my life were to be reveled publicly.” Alex couldn’t believe what he was hearing, it was like a strange dream. What could be so frightening that it would make him act this way? Alex thought wildly. “Alex, in the event should something happen to befall me I have buried a box behind the back wall of the coop. It is buried three feet down and off to the left side.”
He leaned forward and intertwined his fingers together. His eyes were serious as he said “You are forbidden to retrieve it unless something happens.”
The tension in the room could have been cut with a dull knife. He waited patiently for Alex to say something. When he found his voice he said “I don’t understand what this is all about, but I promise to do as you said. You have my word.” He smiled brightly and said “Thank you. Even if I’m only your uncle, I’ve always considered you a son of mine. I’m glad to know you have values like my own.”
They stood and gave each other a quick hug, hating to bring up the topic should either of them die. Alex grew worried for his uncle’s safety, but knew this to be only a contingency plan should the worst actually come to pass. When they separated from the embrace Alex was glad that the pants were loose because the stuffed pockets didn’t reveal his deception.

After cleaning the plates his uncle went back to carving in his chair again. Alex on the other hand said “Oh I forgot I left the book when I fell last night!” Gambit looked at Alex as he explained “I need to hurry and find it before it gets ruined, should it rain.” He nodded and told Alex to bring a torch while going out.
Not in the mood to argue he grabbed a torch from the wall outside and Alex heard his uncle close the latch, after he departed in the darkness. He walked around and quenched the burning torch in the pond, then placed it beside the small stand where he shaves and cleans the food.
With full pockets of food, Alex walked through the field and in the direction he last left Shade. It took him several minutes to make it past all the crops and bramble and entered the confines of the surrounding forest. He searched through the darkness until he came across the hollowed tree that Alex left Shade in earlier today.
He spoke in a whisper to the hole. “Shade? Are you still in there?”
“Nope, I’m behind you.” Alex whirled around to see him standing behind and Shade stared up at his new bother with playful eyes and alert ears. “Did you miss me, Alex?” Then he broke into a wolfish grin.
He was confused to Shade’s excitement for a moment so he had to ask “How long have you been behind me?”
He grinned and all of his white teeth glistened in the moonlight. “I have been following you ever since you put out that burning stick. Father always said I was an excellent stalker.”
“I don’t doubt his words since no one has been able to stalk up on me before tonight. I’ve always had sharp senses, but you will be a good hunter one day. I can see that much already.”
“Thanks… Do I smell berries?” He sniffed the air. Alex smiled and first pulled out the five chunks of bread. At the sight Shade grinned hungrily. He also withdrew the wrapped food from his other pocket.
Alex sat down and crossed his legs. Shade walked closer and stared at the food in his hand. Alex put one of the chunks of bread in the palm of his hand and held it out in offering. Shade looked at him with gleeful eyes and then down to the food. His whiskers flared as he smelled the morsels. He opened his jaw wide and took in the whole thing. He laid down on his belly and put his paws on the bread to rip it in half. He chewed the soft, fresh bread a few times and swallowed. He let out a small rumble from his throat in grateful pleasure. He then did the same for the other piece of bread. He looked at Alex and said “That was pretty good I must say, but is there any way to sweeten it up?”
Alex smiled and said “Aye, there is.” He opened the cloth and pulled out a sweet red raspberry. He squeezed it between his fingers and dripped the juices onto the bread. He then pushed the remaining berry pulp into the bread.
When Shade ate it this time he rumbled even more and he asked if Alex would do it with the remaining bread. Alex didn’t mind and Shade was sorely grateful. He ate everything that was brought and his favorite, he said, were the cooked eggs. He starting licking to clean his teeth and would make a smacking sound which made Alex smile. His golden eyes twinkled as he said “That was one of the best meals I’ve ever had.” He smiled and rolled on his side. He sighed in contentment saying “It feels good to have a full belly again.”
“I know what you mean.” He rubbed his own and was happy that it wasn’t hurting any more.
In the back of Alex’s mind he remembering being told that all fiends were killers who would kill humans without a second thought, but after learning that he could speak to them he knew that the teachings were wrong and biased. Shade wasn’t a mindless beast intent on Alex becoming his next meal. In fact having his company filled a missing void in Alex’s life. No matter what happens in their life they were sure to stick together despite how ridiculous the partnership is.
About fifteen minutes later Alex asked “Shade, do you like to learn?”
He quickly rolled back onto his belly and his tail started wagging in a blurring motion. He looked like the playful pup he ought to be. “Of course; I love learning about different things. I also love hearing stories.”
Alex grinned and said “Well I have something you must see.” He stood and stretched his cramped legs. “Come for a walk with me.” Shade immediately stood and stretched himself. Then he shook from snout to tail to knock off all the loose dirt and debris from his fur.
They turned and started walking through the woods. Later, Shade said “I’ve seen that humans wrap up their paws for some reason. Why don’t you?”
It took Alex a moment to figure out what he meant. “Oh you mean shoes?” Shade looked up and tilted his head. “The wrappings on the feet are called shoes. They are used to protect the foot from getting hurt.” He then looked down at his feet and said “I’ve tried wearing shoes as a child, but I never liked them for some reason. I like the feeling of the ground under my feet. The feeling of the different textures beneath ones feet offers information that allows you to feel your surroundings. It also slows me down so that I pay more attention to my environment.” Alex was actually giving his first lecture to someone and Shade listened intently. “Just like everything in life has a drawback and advantage, so too do shoes. They might protect my feet, but then I won’t get to experience what I walk on.”
He looked forward and said “I like to feel the ground below my paws too.”

They then walked in silence together, the rest of the way to the grassy hills. Shade had to jump over a few roots, but he didn’t mind the small excursion. Alex looked around and finally spotted the tree from last night. They made their way to the windy tree and Shade watched him carefully as Alex reached down into the hole. Once the leather binding could be felt he used a firm grip on it to pull it out. He needed to knock off some loose dirt, but other than that, it appeared remarkably unscathed. They were lucky it didn’t rain or else the pages would have been irreparably ruined. He tapped the leather and said “Shade, this is a book. It holds written knowledge that can be read, as long as one can understand the letters.”
“Really?” His tail began wagging from side to side in a blur. “Can you teach me to how to read?”
Alex’s brow furrowed because he didn’t know if it was even possible, but he said “I can try to teach you, but for right now how about I read and you relax and listen?”
“That will be alright by me.”
Again Alex sat down against the tree again and straightened his sore legs out. He sat the book down on his thighs and opened it. Just as it opened Shade lifted Alex’s elbow with his snout. He then walked up and sat down directly on his lap. He looked back with questioning eyes and Alex smiled. He knew the pup wanted to view what he did. He turned his head to look back at the book. He was just short enough for Alex to read over his head.
He began showing him the map and pointing out the different places. Shade was fascinated to know how small their island was compared to the map. Then on the next page he began recounting the story of the Ancients, and what they did to the humans and animals of old. Shade asked reasonable questions and Alex answered what he could, but some questions escaped his knowledge of history. It was the next chapter that really grabbed their attentions because it was about most of the recorded fiends and what they used to be in the past. They even had detailed illustrations of what they used to look like. And the very first page of chapter two was titled ‘The Big Three.’
He continued reading to his little companion. “…The Big Three are the most powerful of all fiends ever to be recorded. And as such, they are the most dangerous of all. Each of The Big Three are distinguishable because of their saber-like fangs. They are highly intelligent and fierce opponents should one be unlucky to cross their path. Their large brains help them adapt to different environments and situations. And the biggest threat they pose is that they have multiple traits that are each unique to their species. If you come upon one and manage to escape, count yourself one of the lucky few to live and recount the tale.” And then Alex had to turn to the next page and the top of it was the first of the Big Three and it was a Shadow Fang.
Shade’s ears perked once he recognized the illustration. He said in awe “Alex, that’s me. Am I one of the Big Three?” He turned his gold eyes and asked “What does it say?”
“Aye, Shade, you are.” He turned his head as Alex began reading again. “The Shadow Fang is the first of the three and they are the swiftest of all land creatures. When humans gained their items a branch happened amongst wolves. Some wolves remained unchanged, but others became the Shadow Fang. The Shadow Fang usually grow up to five feet, and some lords have been reported to be taller than men. Their average adult’s weight is about nineteen hundred pounds. Their canine teeth, of their wolf cousins, are just over an inch, but the new species canines grew into saber’s reaching a recorded sixteen inches. Their fur coats are impenetrable by cutting or penetrating weapons and it is their greatest defense. They still remained omnivores…” He had to stop reading for a moment and explained to Shade what an omnivore was. “Their claws are always laced with a powerful neurotoxin that paralyzes its victim. The person dies of suffocation because the signals that contract the diaphragm cease to respond. And no one has ever been recorded to have survived being scratched by a Shadow fang. Their most remarkable ability is to travel through the shadows as easily as they run on land. Though they love playing in water they cannot, for some reason, travel via their shadow on it. They usually have one to two pups in a litter and can breed again every eight months though the maturity for breeding is roughly two years. The parent’s are also highly aggressive, especially when protecting their young…” Alex shut the book because he couldn’t read the rest aloud. Unfortunately he did read it and it said ‘if the parents die, the remaining adults will eat the unguarded young if game is low.’ He had seen firsthand, the truth of that very detail.
Alex rubbed his head and he looked back at him. He made sure his tone didn’t betray how disgusted he felt and asked casually “Did the author get any of those facts wrong?”
He nodded and Alex took his hand off his head so he could speak unhindered. “They made three errors about us. First our claws aren’t always laced with our toxin. We push the toxin through the tips of our claws. Here let me show you.” He raised his left paw so Alex could clearly see what he was talking about. His little black claws glistened in the moonlight and then he noticed what Shade meant. At first the claws were dry since he stayed on Alex’s lap. Then at the very tips of his claws grew very tiny beads of a clear liquid. Once Alex told him how impressive it was he wiped his claw in the damp grass in the attempt he wouldn’t accidently nick his brother. Shade smiled and felt grateful for the praise he was given. “We don’t always kill when we claw at someone. We pups like to play and we don’t want to hurt our playing partners.” He then continued saying “Next they said no one survived, but you did. Finally they only got our shadow ability half right. Yes, we do travel through the shadows, but we can’t until we are adults.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because we aren’t strong enough; we are kind of like… well… you humans I suppose. You told me from the book that human items don’t become deadly until they become adults themselves. During this similar time, we pups are easy targets for other fiends. That is why our parents are so protective.”
“Speaking of being a target, I know your fur is like armor, but how did your uncle… you know?”
Pain passed behind his eyes at remembering the parents that were ripped away from him. He took a deep breath, opening his mouth; wide. When they came together again he spoke in a detached tone because the pain of their death was still fresh to him. “Your weapons can’t normally wound us on the outside, but our teeth and fangs are more than capable of piercing our fur. Anything else you need to know?”
Alex drew him to his chest and Shade didn’t fight the embrace. With his head over Alex’s heart he said “Not tonight, Shade. Let’s just rest here together; for a while at least. We both need to.”
He sniffed sadly, but quietly admitted “I understand.”
Soon Alex’s eyes became heavy and he was fast asleep.

Alex awoke just as the sun began to rise. He looked down and saw that Shade was curled contently in his lap. He was still asleep. He saw the book laying off to the side and Shade had taken its place. Alex looked up again and knew that they had to hurry.
He rubbed his little brother’s head and said “Shade, wake up. We overslept. I need to hurry back to the farm.”
He awoke quickly and said “I’ll follow you.”
He jumped off the warm platform and stretched like Alex. Alex picked up his book and started running back. Shade easily kept up running with him and he looked better since he had a filling meal last night. Neither of them barely made a single sound, running through the pine trees. And when the sun reached about midmorning was when they finally made it back to the farm. As Shade was about to hide in his hole again Alex said “Nay, you need to stay in my room. I’ll show you how to get in, but you’ll need to be quiet.” Shade grinned because he was going to see the inside of Alex’s den, as he calls it, for the first time.
Noticing his uncle wasn’t outside yet, Alex made his way to the stand by the pond. He grabbed the torch stick and walked to his bedroom escape latch. Shade was on his heels the whole time. He found the panels of his room and pushed them in. He stuck his head in and saw it was clear. Alex then held a finger over his lips and Shade knew what the silent gesture meant. He moved aside to give room.
Shade stuck his head through the opening and then he made a small leap inside the room. He noted it smelled much like Alex in the den which made him already feel comfortable. Pointing to a large stack of books gave the next silent instruction. In a whisper Alex said “Hide in there until I get back. You’ll be safe until then.” As he trotted off to the mound of books Alex put the panels back in place, sealing Shade the room. With the wall secure Alex silently walked back around to the front of the house.
When he made it to the front door Alex slid the handle of the torch back in the door frame. He then grabbed the metal latch and pulled the door out so he could walk in. Alex made his way into the meal room again to find his uncle eating breakfast. He turned in his chair and had small flakes of bread clinging to his beard when he noticed the door being closed by his tardy nephew. Gambit raised an eyebrow in question and annoyance.
Alex sighed and said “I know, I know. You were worried when I didn’t come home during the night.” he held up the book and said “It was harder to find this than I thought. I was tired so I slept in a tree for safety, just incase.”
These words eased Gambit’s worry. “Alright then… Go make yourself some breakfast. We need to get some work done before we can even think about harvesting the crops next week.”
He sat the book down on the table as he walked over and scraped some eggs onto his plate. He grabbed a few rolls of bread and sat down in front of the table. “So what needs to be done?” Gambit then spent several minutes explaining what they needed to work on today.
Alex held a roll of bread in one hand and another in his mouth as he picked up his book. Gambit’s blue eyes questioned what was going on so Alex lifted the book and tilted his head towards the rooms. He nodded in understanding as Alex pushed the door open with his shoulder and closed it with a heel. He did the same for his bedroom door.
Once the door closed Shade walked out from behind the stack of books in the corner of Alex’s room and smiled. He went down to his knees and placed the two rolls on the ground. With his mouth free Alex whispered “You will need to stay in here. I know it will get hot, but if you dig down a little bit, the dirt will keep you cool.” He nodded in appreciation of the advice. “And if you’re thirsty or need to relieve yourself, take one of those panels down with your teeth or whatever you need to use. And you do need a dip in the pond because you do smell a little ripe.” Alex looked him directly in the eyes and said “Be sure no one can see you if you do need to go out.” Shade now silently looked at the bread. “I’m sorry, but there weren’t any berries to give it flavor this morning. Go ahead and eat.”
He didn’t need to be told twice as he started ripping the rolls into small, edible chunks. While he ate Alex buried the book once again. After that they looked at each other meaningfully one last time before Alex left the room.
Gambit stood waiting in the front room and the first thing they had to do was fix the boards and the wheels on the wagon before all else. Still sore from yesterday’s events, he still managed to pull his weight. Next they sat down and sharpened and repaired some of the harvesting equipment. After those chores took up most of the day Alex fed and gave fresh water to the chickens. When he filled their water container he saw one panel missing from the wall of his room and knew Shade did as he said because he didn’t get spotted. Alex’s pride in him grew from recognizing such stealth and silence.

That night Alex was sorely tired, but the two of them escaped again to the solitude of the woods. They remained near the furthest corner of the farm and hidden in the thickness of the trees so as to not worry about being late again. Shade still stayed on Alex’s lap while reading and he noticed that Shade was not as bony as he had been two nights ago. Maybe he gained weight quickly; he surmised. Alex continued reading to him, after pushing those thoughts aside.

Together they did the same tasks for the next week and Shade never outwardly seemed to get bored with the routine. They relished their time of closeness and the developing bond that blossomed between them.
The morning Alex woke up was the day he and his uncle would begin harvesting their crops for the market. Shade stayed in the book filled room and slept while Alex was out working under the cloudy day. Together Gambit and Alex pulled the wagon out of the front door and dragged it over to the small road that led to their home and put it under the shady trees. They pulled only the large harvestable crops for the vendors only bought the best. They pulled out carrots that were almost as long as Alex’s forearm and left the green stems on to show the freshness; wilted leaves showed how long they’ve been unearthed. Alex had to borrow his uncle’s gloves so the job could be done with relative swiftness. Uncle Gambit used his item to cut through the bases of the purple cabbages and selected only the best heads. Lastly they picked the tomatoes and crated them.
Once the wagon was full they called it a night.
When Shade exited through the wall Alex noticed Shade had grown only slightly this past week. He was slightly larger in the middle and could barely make it through just the one panel anymore. When they snuck outside this time Alex also had a harder time getting through his holed wall. His chest seemed to have grown larger. After finally escaping, Alex’s hands felt his chest and he actually had put on only a fraction of muscle, but it showed how much work he’s been putting in each day. He rotated his still healing shoulder and it remained only a dull throb rather than a sharp pain. The wounds on his arm were almost completely healed and Lily was right about them leaving excellent scars, he assumed. And even his hands had finally begun to callous after bleeding and busting the accumulated blisters repeatedly.
During the reading Shade asked out of nowhere “Where are you going tomorrow? I saw the fully loaded wagon tonight.”
Alex sat the book down and met his eyes. “We are going to sell those crops over there.” He pointed to the wagon. “We will exchange all that food we grew for money. We will use that money to buy what we might need for the time to come.”
His gold eyes looked like they were glowing as he asked “May I come?”
Alex knew he put on a good front, but Shade was becoming bored out of his mind. He considered the pros and cons of him going on the trip to the market and carefully said “Aye, you may, but there are conditions you need to abide by.” He waited impatiently so Alex continued speaking carefully. “If you are to follow us you need to stay out of sight and remain quiet. When we get to the market you will hide in the trees and wait for me. I will come to you at night and I’ll wait by the road until there isn’t anyone watching. I don’t even want to think about the possibility of anything happening if you’re seen by someone.”
“I’ll do my best.” And for the first time he licked Alex’s cheek. It was hot and rough. When he pulled back Alex started laughing and the little pup rumbled in his own way. Before they went inside the house, through the wall again, Shade said he would hide in the trees and close to the wagon tonight. Alex waved and Shade gave off a slightly deeper bark than when they first met a week ago.

Early the next morning Uncle Gambit knocked on the bedroom door and looked pleasantly surprised to see Alex swinging in his hammock, a book folded upon his stomach. He said “Alex, we need to get started.”
Alex twisted himself out of his hammock and followed Gambit into the main room. They ate a larger breakfast than usual because they might not get a chance to eat again all day. Alex stuffed a small loaf of bread in his pocket just before he stood with him. He cleaned the plates and helped his uncle close up the house.
As they walked out the sun hadn’t risen yet. Gambit grabbed a burning torch for himself while Alex grabbed the pail and filled it with water. They then walked out to the wagon together. When they made it Alex waited until his uncle’s back was turned. He grabbed the bread loaf and threw it blindly into the woods. While it flew in midair he saw a black object jump out of a bush and catch it in flashing white teeth. Shade landed and disappeared again before being spotted. Alex could faintly hear him eating the bread in privacy.
Uncle Gambit put the flaming torch in a hole on the wagon. They had modified the front of the four wheeled wagon with a metal bar. Instead of having ropes for a horse to pull the load they made a metal bar that they could push on.
Alex bent down under a wooden bar to get inside. Uncle Gambit soon met him inside. He tied a rope around his hoe-like item and slung it over his back. Each of them grabbed the bar and pushed. Alex used all of his strength as did his uncle to get the wagon started down the path. Once its momentum picked up it became reasonably easier to push.
Around noon they took a short break and had a much needed drink. Alex casually looked for any sign of Shade during the entire trip, when Gambit wasn’t paying attention, and was glad he didn’t let himself be seen. The thick pine trees they’ve seen all day had finally began to disperse slightly and Alex knew they were about halfway there. Another sign of the imminent destination was when they found the main road to town and pulled into it.
When they rested enough they began pushing again. The pinecone rich trees began to change into palms, but they still had enough cover to keep Shade hidden in the shadows. Shade knew he wasn’t seen, but he didn’t dare let the wagon from his sight. The rocky black soil began to change into whiter and finer sand. Alex knew that the ocean was getting closer. Suddenly his Uncle Gambit said “Alex, we need to go faster else the wheels will sink down in this loose sand and we’ll never make it on our own.”
Great, I’m exhausted as it is, but he didn’t voice his thoughts.
Alex knew what he meant and dug his feet in to redouble his efforts, the wagon jerked ahead from the immediate increase of force. He caught his uncle by surprise because he had pushed so strongly. Gambit grinned and joined Alex.
It was late in the afternoon when they finally managed to pull into the market. Their market is the second largest of all the Waget islands. The buildings were all clustered together and people were walking everywhere, even in the winding daylight. The white sand they’ve practically ran on had turned into dark mud. Only not all of it was mud. The market’s buildings were all made of wood and there were still many venders open. A jeweler’s stand was easily heard selling fancy stones and necklaces. There was a fishing net seller across on the other side of the road. Delectable scents wafted through the air as were expected from the many butchers selling red meats and fish. A nearby bakery gave all the indication of fresh baked pastries. There were so many lingering scents and about half of those were on the revolting side. Alex spotted three taverns and an inn that were filling with customers for their evening meal. He rolled up his good black pants and made sure they wouldn’t unravel by putting a small stick inside the rolled fabric. It worked. The last thing he needed was for the mud and defecation residue from the oxen and horses to seep into the cloth.
As they pushed through some mud a man riding a young mare ran right past them rudely. His horse almost kicked their wagon in his hurry. Alex’s uncle shot him a glance to keep him from shouting insults to the rider for his careless incompetence. He was right, it was unbecoming to pick a fight without a good reason.
It took another half of an hour to find Gambit’s usual vegetable buyer. He was a strangely fit gentleman a few years younger than Gambit. The men seemed to have a secret history, but they’ve never discussed it. His long time friend waved his hand and yelled “Good afternoon, Gambit!”
They pulled the cart next to his stand as Alex’s uncle and he let go of the push bar. His uncle said “Aye, it is Jakz.” Uncle Gambit jumped up on the ledge of the wagon while making sure not to get his dirty boots near the food. “Come around here and see what I have for you today.”
Jakz held a special wire, with a thumb sized ring tied to either end, in his hand and Alex knew it to be a level one utility item. He walked around and grabbed one of the carrots Gambit offered. He took his wire, wrapped it around the girth of the vegetable and let it do its job. The wire moved the carrot by itself and peeled off only the outer layer of the orange tuber and cut off the green stems within only a few short seconds. He looked at Gambit and smiled. “Best quality yet, my old friend.” He wiggled the peeled carrot and said “Will you be happy if I made the same offer as last time?”
They knew they needed more than the usual, but Jakz has always been fairer than any other vendor.
“Aye, that will be alright. I know how hard it is buying and selling these days.” Gambit shook his head discouragingly.
“It is hard living with so many senseless taxes. Who knows where it’s all going these days exactly? I’d sure like to see some proof of our charity.” Jakz took a bite of the carrot and walked behind his stand. He pulled out a metal box and handed his old friend fifteen silver coins and five copper.
With the money in his uncle’s hand Alex had a wild thought and asked “Uncle Gambit?” He turned around. “May I have two copper pieces? I’d like to go get a piece of freshly cooked meat.”
“I don’t see why not.” He handed Alex two of the coins from the exchange and he waved goodbye while saying “I’ll meet you back here in the morning.”
As Alex was leaving he easily overheard his uncle and Jakz astonished conversation. “Was that… Alex?” And then he heard his uncle’s booming laugh. “Aye, that was him. He’s finally putting on some weight and he helped me pick most of the food I’m selling you today. He’s finally changing into a fine man.”
Making it over to the main street again Alex paid two copper coins for a large piece of cooked red meat from a butcher that had also been salted and seasoned to perfection. It smelled delicious and he already knew Shade would love it even more. He wrapped it up and slid the meat deep in his pocket and it barely managed to fit. He left the stand and looked up and down the street.
Alex knew there was still too much daylight left to reunite with Shade for the night so he decided to do something he’s been trying to do for the past week. He began to search for any information on Lily. He needed to find her.
Just about every person on the island knew his name because of his unique circumstances, but few remembered his face since he rarely left the farm. Using that to his advantage he began searching for any traces of his very first friend.
He spoke to each person and open vendor up and down the bustling street. He asked if they saw a woman who was part of the Royal Guard. She had pure white hair and carried two short swords in white sheathes. Most everyone seemed pleasant and said they’ve never seen any woman who looked like that. There were a few people who wanted payment for what they knew, but he knew those shady characters and walked away because they wouldn’t know anything and his coins were already well spent. During his search the crowds began to slowly disappear to wherever they stayed for the night.
Rounding a corner of a gray painted building Alex saw Rakkel off in the distance. Only he wasn’t alone. He was still wearing the red tunic, brown pants and boots of his new life. His caterpillar-like ear piece flashed a subtle pink as he turned his head back and forth. He was sweeping for something to eavesdrop on, but also talking with his companions. He walked with three weapon’s class Guards and one healer. Alex’s uncle always called a group like that, a squad. Each squad consisted of three warriors, one support specialist and one healer. The healer was a local school bully and his item were ten needles with different effects. The three warriors Alex didn’t recognize, definitely foreigners. One was a woman who had two metal daggers and she stuck one in each boot. One of the men carried a sickle with a blade as long as Alex was and the other carried a claymore strapped to his back. They all walked around like nothing bothered them and their voices carried.
Rakkel kept leading the squad and he didn’t see his cousin, luckily for Alex’s sake. He stepped back around the corner and watched as all five of them went into a tavern. Knowing that Lily was a Royal Guard as well Alex thought that he might as well follow them and listen to what they have to say. They might know something about her, it was better than the local leads.
Once they were all inside as Alex rounded the corner of the building again and walked up to the tavern. He made his way up the steps, but couldn’t go inside or else his cousin would surely spot him and make his life even more uncomfortable with his new friends. There was a wooden bench outside the open door tavern so he took it and finally rested from the hard day’s work. He looked into the sky and saw that there remained about an hour to kill before it would be dark enough.
The five Royal Guards inside the tavern soon became the loudest voices in the room and Alex didn’t have a hard time listening in; nor did anyone else inside for that matter. The liquors they were drinking seemed to inhibit them more than he thought possible. They talked openly about their superiors and ranted on the most annoying of subjects they sought fit to voice. The woman in their group was rather ruder than the others. She loved throwing curses in every sentence and no one seemed to be bothered. Rakkel ranted on how his father needs to learn his place as a citizen or how Alex needed to disappear so he wouldn’t disappoint him further. Alex smiled because Rakkel was the real disappointment in life. His cousin just didn’t recognize that to be a possibility. If anything, the world would be better off without someone like his cousin.
Come on, give me something to work with. Lily is hard to miss. She stands out among everyone on the island. Maybe a few more ale’s will bring her up. She was stunningly beautiful and strong, who could miss that? She even towers over every other woman on the isle. Alex’s thoughts only became more annoyed from then on.
During their chatter Alex saw how the streets were slowly being lit with torches so people could move safely during the night and most of the people leaving the tavern began staggering out of the establishment to go home. It had become plenty dark and he hadn’t found any viable clues after two hours of waiting patiently.
Alex stretched when he thought they didn’t know anything and he stood from the bench, and then he suddenly heard the wild woman of their group say “Aren’t you glad that Lily got shipped out today.”





Chapter 4

The instant Alex heard her name his feet abruptly locked him in place. He ambled closer to the entrance and peered into the dimly lit tavern to listen in to the conversation more attentively. Circular tables were arranged in random order and it was easy to spot Rakkel off in the furthest corner of the room; along with his unruly companions. Most everyone remained quiet and drank from their frothy mugs to remain inconspicuous of the Guard’s consideration. Everyone kept glancing at the boisterous group, but none dare speak their mind or else they’d get in serious trouble with the wrong group that sat within their midst.
A squad wasn’t unknown for killing any who thought differently.
Suddenly the man with the menacing scythe looked at the woman and said “You mean the Blood Moon? Yeah that girl scares me half to death. She may have a comely face, but that’s all that’s attractive about her. I’d sooner date you, Michelle.” Michelle, the two knife wielding warrior, grinned and punched him in the shoulder and both laughed. Then Rakkel added “I met her once and she’s more man than woman. I’m glad she has been shipped off into Nicronane’s hands. Let’s see how those commanders try and deal with her.” Alex finally found where she was and now she had been taken far away, to the mainland.
His heart dropped because he’d most likely never get to see his friend ever again. Leaving the tavern was the best choice because he didn’t want to hear them slander his only friend anymore, but the last thing his cousin said was “I hope that woman get’s what’s coming to her.”
You should get what’s coming. Alex thought angrily.

He walked unaccompanied down the torch lit roads with his heart thrumming with fury. All they did was make a joke of my friend. I might have met her for only a few minutes, but I knew that she was strong of character and that she has honorable. Unlike those five, he knew she would be a better choice of friend.
By the time he made it to the outskirts of the market his rage dimly smoldered. The lit torches were long gone and he was secluded in a forest of rustling palms. The breeze carried the salty scent of the ocean and helped clear his mind. He looked around for any form of life, but didn’t find anything. He walked off the trail and into the thick woods. He soon found a small open area covered in white sand and whistled for his younger brother. It took a few minutes before he felt a presence behind him. It was familiar and calming. Alex straightened up and said “Shade, your losing your touch.”
Alex turned around as he looked up in confusion “What do you mean?”
He knelt down and rubbed Shade’s head. “I knew where you were this time. Maybe I’m getting better at knowing where you are, when I cannot see you.”
He smelled the air and grinned. “What is that tasty aroma?”
“This?” Alex stood back up and wrestled to get the thick slab of food from his pocket. Soon it dislodged. When he knelt down in the soft and cool sand again he opened the package, Shade’s gold eyes widened and twinkled. “With the money my uncle made, I was able to buy this for us to eat tonight.”
“MEAT!!!” and then he howled and Alex could see how excited he was to see it. “I haven’t had any in so long…” He walked right up to Alex and smelled it. Shade’s mouth began wondering from such a delectable scent. He couldn’t stop his nose from twitching in excitement for such a treat. Shade sat on his haunches and looked up at him with questioning eyes. “Alex, what did they do to the meat? It’s all brown and salty smelling.”
He smiled and explained. “Cooked meat tastes better, and the salt not only makes it last longer, but it and a few other seasonings give it more flavor.” Alex pinched a small piece and ripped it from the slab. He held it down in offering and said “Give it a try.”
Shade eyed Alex suspiciously for a moment and then leaned forward with an open mouth. As he began chewing his eyes opened in amazement. After he finally swallowed he licked his chops and said “That really was better. My parents never brought home anything that tasted so delicious. May I have some more?”
Alex laughed at the request and ripped the slab in half with his bare hands. He put the wrapping down flat on the sand and sat Shade’s portion on top of it. His rough tongue licked the top of the meat and cringed when he tasted nothing but the salt and spices. Regaining his composure, he put the meat between his paws and started ripping it into smaller, edible pieces. While he did that Alex took his first bite to find it really delicious. He ate the solid meat meal in six bites and it felt great on such an empty stomach. Shade finished his meal a few minutes after Alex did. Once they were finished Alex smiled as Shade began licking his front paws to get every bit of what had a smell of meat in his fur. He was savoring it all.
“Shade, while you waited, did you find any drinkable water sources? There should be some close by, if I’m not mistaken.”
Shade looked up and grinned brightly. He was having a great day and his tone reflected it. “Follow me.” He stood and started trotting through the dense palm and pine forest. Alex followed him for fifteen minutes while watching where he stepped because there were some sharp bushes around these areas. Soon he heard a quiet sound of trickling, moving water. Shade used his agility and smaller size to bound around a tree as he explained “Were here.”
Before them flowed a small stream about a four feet across and just a few inches deep. It cut through the forest and led to the ocean. It held no connection to the market so neither of them paused for sanitary reasons. They could easily see that the water was flowing quickly and that it appeared clear. Alex went to his knees and tasted the water to find it was indeed pure. He cupped his hands and drank, remembering how Lily did the same thing before they met. As he drank, Shade moved to his left and started lapping graciously. It was always fascinating to watch him drink. He would stick his rough tongue in the water and rapidly pull it back in. Then his mouth would close to capture the water. He did it so quickly it was hard to see how it was done. With a full meal and a good drink Alex had to tell him a few things he’d uncovered in town.
“Shade,” He looked at Alex, felling how he couldn’t eat another bite of the flavored meat, and sat in a dry spot by the stream. “Do you remember me telling you about Lily?”
He nodded vigorously. “The woman whom you saved? Did you find her?” He grinned and his eyes danced as he asked “Did she become your mate?”
He shook his head while smiling. “Aye, she is the one I saved and she is my friend. I like her, but I might never see her again.” His pointed ears wilted. “Don’t be upset. At least I know where she has gone to. She’s moved back to the mainland.”
“I’m sorry, Alex. I know you want to see your female again. At least you still have me.” He grinned so openly that it made Alex laugh.
“That I do.” He smiled back and rubbed Shade’s head affectionately. Suddenly he remembered something from earlier in the past week. “Shade, since we don’t have anything to read would you like to learn your letters?” He became like a playful pup again and started jumping up and down in excitement. He let out a lighthearted howl again and Alex was glad they were too far away to be heard. The night sounds went silent again because of the howl.
Alex grabbed the closest stick with his toes, grasped it in his hand and told Shade to sit close by. He began making the first letter and started teaching, just like his uncle taught him years ago. When he completed the first letter he had Shade repeat the sound it made with him. Then Shade started using his paw to copy the letters in the sand. He made a very legible letter beside Alex’s and started saying the letter aloud, over and over, memorizing it. Then once he had it figured out he wiped the markings away with a few sweeps of his paw and asked for the next letter. During the night Alex taught him fifteen letters and their corresponding sounds.

By the time the dawn reappeared Alex met his uncle by the wagon. The wagon was now completely empty except for the tomato baskets and his uncle saved him some bread from the meal he had earlier in a tavern. Some fresh supplies were stacked in the bed, Gambit had done some shopping. Alex could see that he also bought several large bags of salted meats and knew it would go to a good use in the coming days. As he stuffed half of his bread into his pocket he said “Uncle, since we aren’t hauling any more crops I was wondering if I could push the cart home?”
He laughed and crossed his arms. “And what would you have me do?”
Alex smiled and said “You could take a break for once and ride in the wagon.”
He scratched his beard, looked at the relatively empty wagon. “I think that I would enjoy a nice ride home. A little luxury never hurt anyone. I’ll take you up on your offer, once we get out of the market.” The compromise was welcome.
At his word, once they made it past the last building of the market Gambit jumped in the back to lie down. His item lay across his chest. While he wasn’t looking Alex dropped the bread in the white sand and pushed on the bar. Just as he rounded a corner he saw that the bread already disappeared.
Around noon he took a small break and was glad that Gambit refilled the pail before leaving. He drank over half the water by himself. His muscles were completely sore, but he started pushing again.
By the time they returned home he was almost dead on his feet. Gambit’s pride had grown because Alex accomplished another task he set out to do without complaining the first time. Alex pulled the wagon into the barn with a little help from his uncle. Gambit patted him on the back with another job well done. He could see the pride within his uncle growing, in his blue eyes. Gambit told him to relax in his room and said he would do the rest by himself. Alex was too sore and weak to argue, nor did he want to do anything else except collapse.
Within his room he saw that two panels were down and the light shone inside. When a fraction of golden eyes peeked from behind a stack of books finally recognize who entered, Shade came all the way out. He said that Alex looked tired and he admitted it. Alex hopped into his hammock and started slowly swaying from side to side.
Shade caught him off guard just before supper by saying “Alex, I’m going to try and hunt tonight.”
Thinking to himself, he asked; What are you up to? Where did this situation come from? His gray eyes slowly opened and pulled himself out of the hammock. When his feet touched the ground Alex whispered to him. “What do you mean hunt? Am I starving you?” his voice was dry and full of worry.
He shook his head while keeping eye contact with his suddenly worried big brother. “No, I’m not hungry, but you cannot keep feeding me scraps. I’m growing and soon enough I won’t be able to survive on what you can fit inside your pockets. I need to learn to fend for myself. Like you, I need to get stronger too. But I do have a small request.” He nodded for him to go on. “If I make a successful hunt, will you help me cook my catch?”
Alex laughed silently and said “I can manage that. And you must also promise not to overhunt a specific prey. I can speak to the creatures and I know they can talk. They are alive and I’ve come to realize that I don’t like to kill to eat.” Shade stared in confusion and tilted his black head. “If we can limit our impact, we will feel better knowing that the lives we have to take will not be wasted. I don’t want a species to go extinct that has lived on this island longer than I have.”
Shade blinked a few times and then understood what his brother was trying to instill in him. To kill blindly would turn him into his uncle and he never wanted to become that. “I understand. You want to live on only what you can to remain strong and healthy.” Alex nodded and felt proud that he knew what had been requested. “I promise to do as you said.”
It was beginning to get dark outside because he had left the panels down, it kept the room from getting too stifling. He looked back at Shade and said “Go ahead and get started on your hunt. I’ll meet you at our usual spot.”
He smiled and leaped through the hole after making sure the view was clear. Alex watched as he swiftly bounded straight into the woods, disappearing to go on his first hunt. He whispered “Good luck.”

An hour later Alex smelled the aroma of supper as it was finally being cooked. He walked in the room just as Uncle Gambit began setting the food on the table. He grabbed three large slabs of fish and put it on Alex’s plate and he put two on his own. Before he could ask, Gambit stated “You need the protein for all the work you expended today. I did very little work this day, so I get less. This is only a one time deal.” Gambit grinned. “You did so much and this is your reward. Now get started.”
He truly is selfless. Alex thought with a shy smile.
With Gambit’s back turned, Alex stuffed a half of a fillet into his pocket; just incase. He started eating and Gambit had sat some large blueberries in the center of the table between them. He didn’t realize all the work he did would have made him this hungry because he ate all the fillets, half of the berries and drank three cups of water. When he finished his uncle said “Now you’re finally eating like a man should. Before you know it, you’ll look as good as I do.” Then Gambit really laughed at himself. Alex couldn’t help laughing with him. He was really a great man to spent time with. A person most cherished.
His uncle went to sleep earlier than usual and before Alex walked out the front door he grabbed a scentless cake of soap, maneuvered the board behind the front door to close it behind himself. He had to make sure that it remained closed or else something or someone could easily get into his home.
Waiting in the usual spot for over an hour he watched the stars until Shade came sulking into their usual resting place outside, his nose and tail drooped down to look defeated. Alex could tell he failed in his first hunt and felt discouraged. He rubbed his soft head and handed him the saved fish. He ate while still looking disappointed. When he finished Alex knew of only one way to cheer him up. “Shade, what are your two main weapons?”
He looked up at Alex and said weakly “My teeth and claws. Why?”
Alex stood up and brushed his legs clear of loose particles. Looking down at his small companion he said “That’s right. Before we start working on your reading and writing tonight, you are going to spar with me.” He tilted his head and Alex knew he was lost on that word. “Sparring is like fighting. The only real difference is that we aren’t going to try and kill each other. Tonight you are going to do your best and hunt me down. You will win the game if you can bite me or scratch me with your claws.” He stood up almost in a trance as he listened to Alex’s every word. “With your black coat you can sneak up on your prey easily in the darkness. After we are done with this lesson, you and I are getting a bath. If your prey can’t smell you, they won’t flee when they can’t catch your scent.” He stretched his sore legs and once they were somewhat loose Alex grinned. “Begin!”
He turned and ran. Shade stay stunned for a few moments and then he caught on to the game. Instinct driven to chase took over, but Alex’s strides were longer than Shade’s, but the pups latent speed surpassed Alex’s. So the book was right, his speed is extraordinary. It was a thrill to give chase, but Shade knew he was being taught through practical means. Right when he leapt and tried biting Alex’s leg, but his brother changed direction before being tagged. Another time when Shade leapt, Alex found a branch and used it to swing himself in a completely different direction. One time he held his ground as Shade charged head on. When he used his back legs to jump, Alex sidestepped and easily avoided him. Shade learned quickly and hid in some thorny shrubbery. Bramble was almost every creature’s enemy, but he used his armor to the advantage. Alex kept his eye on the bush and circled it, trying to find an opening. When Shade thought he came close enough he sprinted. He hears “Good job, Shade.” And he jumped forward again as Alex jumped over him. If it weren’t for such long legs he wouldn’t have been able to vault over Shade so easily. He stopped to look at Alex as he said “That’s enough for tonight. You did perfectly. And that bush trick was a great plan. Use it next time in your hunt.”
His tongue flopped out as he started to pant. “I’ll get you next time. And thank you.” Alex waited for him to explain why. “Thank you for the lessons. I’ll remember those moves for later.”
Alex grabbed the soap from his pocket and said “Now it’s time for a bath.” Shade groaned at remembering how his mother bathed him, but followed.
They made it to the closest stream that didn’t have any connection to the farm. He took his clothes off before wading into the stream. Once he made it to waist level he noticed that the stream moved slowly. Alex quickly washed himself. After his hair was lathered he dunked under the water and the suds flowed away. Not long after, he was clean and refreshed.
Shade waited by the bank and when Alex gestured him forward he grinned and jumped into the stream with a playful splash. It was the tongue bath he was dreading. He paddled his way over to Alex after the initial splatter of water. It was easy to understand that he loved swimming. Alex grabbed his taut belly and held him afloat. Once Shade realized he was being held he quit paddling. As Alex put the soap to his back he saw that the fur reacted to touch. When Alex rubbed his head he didn’t notice this, but where he scrubbed, Shade’s fur seemed to flatten reflexively into the armor the book spoke of. He scratched a spot along his spine and felt that the further he came closer to Shade’s skin, the harder the fur became. At one point it felt like scratching solid metal.
When Shade was completely lathered from nose to tail Alex said “Hold your breath.” Sudsy ribs expanded and stopped. At that point he pushed Shade underwater and quickly brought him back up. He did it one more time just to get any soap residue out of his fur. Alex gave him some credit, he didn’t cough or sputter from being forcibly submerged.
It didn’t mean Shade liked it either. He would rather dive under himself.
When they made it onto land again Alex put the solid body down on the ground. Though Shade was little, he was firm. Once Shade touched the ground he started shaking and spraying everything within range, including Alex. He noticed his brother’s reaction and trotted closer to spray him again. Once he was finished shaking and laughing Alex put his clothes back on.
While they had moonlight, energy to stay awake and soft soil to use Alex said “Ready for your next lesson?”
He grinned and soon they began working more on his letters. Tonight Shade learned the rest of them. He used his paw to write every single letter that he learned in a single line and made the corresponding sounds. He did everything perfectly.

The next night he came back empty pawed again and ate what Alex had brought from his evening meal. It was a stew in a wooden bowl. Though it was filling and tasty, the textures of the meal were strange to Shade. That night he came really close to tagging Alex’s heel and they then started writing and reading small, two and three letter, words.

A week later Alex decided to bring his book with him after keeping it hidden in the room for so long. Shade had become quickly adept at reading words and tonight he would read from a book. And he truly surprised Alex when he finally tagged his heel with his claws the night before. Shade was happy as he was tossed in the air and Alex quickly found out he had grown and put on some more weight. Even his small sabers now barely reach halfway to the bottom of his jaw,
As Alex waited for Shade he passed the time by thumbing through another illustrated animal book. He had already read and memorized every word it held so he studied the illustrations in further detail. He heard a stick snap and when he looked to his left he found proud golden eyes.
Shade had finally achieved a successful hunt.
With his head held high and his chest puffed out in pride he strutted up close and dropped the prize right in front of his brother. The kill had barely managed to fit in his mouth. Alex stated in a proud and astonished voice “Shade, you did it!” He got a hold of him and gave a tight hug. He looked down at the furry and rather large creature and had an idea. Alex let him go and looked him eye to eye. “When I read to you from this,” he tapped the leather bound book. “I read the common everyday animals and fiends. Can you recount what you read from that creature?” He pointed to the kill.
He looked carefully at his kill and then used his claw to roll it over so he could get a better look in the weak moonlight. Alex watched as Shade slowly began to remember what he had been told. When he recalled it, he looked up with a grin and said “I remember. This is called a river rat. It is a common pest around the lands and is the cause of many sicknesses. They are difficult to eliminate because they reproduce so quickly and they can smell many poison in their food, so they eat around it or have become immune.” He smiled and Alex only saw a slight red staining over the sharp fangs. “Other than that, the pictures between a river rat and a house one look the same to me, but because of the larger size of this one there is little doubt as to what kind of a rat this is.”
“Perfect answers, Shade.” Alex grabbed the large rodent by the middle and lifted it up. He looked at the little champion and said “I didn’t bring a knife with me, but I know some sharp instruments.” Shade grinned knowingly.
He came closer and used one of his sharp saber’s to make a small incision from the base of the rat’s skull, along its spine and ended near the tail. The skin was easy to remove after that. Afterwards, while Alex was gutting the rat he asked “Tell me how you got a hold of him.”
He became all too eager to explain. “First, I waited in a bush and I’ve noticed that all the other creatures go around the thorny bushes. They get hurt if they get too close to it, but I don’t. Well this guy was slowly walking around the bush I was hiding in and he didn’t know I was there. I waited as patiently as I could and when he came close, I sprang out. He was shocked and I took the opportunity and got him in my teeth. I did as you said and went for the throat. When I did get hold of him I twisted my head and broke its neck. It was a quick and clean kill, just like you taught me… So when can I eat?” He began licking his teeth impatiently.
“You did your part, now let me do mine.”
Alex left him and his kill to go get a stick and light it with a torch at his house. He rushed back and Shade had all the dry sticks and tender from the surrounding area ready when Alex returned. He knew they wouldn’t be seen from where they were so he lit the pile and the flames quickly took. As the flames were burning he made a spit and pushed the stick through the meat and he also wound the long tail around the stem as well. He washed his bloody hands in the nearby stream after putting the meat over the fire. “While we wait for it to cook thoroughly, how about I let you read.” And he said “Ok.”
He wanted to learn and quickly took to his studies.

Shade had grown so much these past two weeks that he could no longer sit in his favorite spot on his brother’s lap anymore. It was a remarkable growth rate. As the fire flickered Alex rested his back against a tree. Shade sat proudly to his left. He was now sitting almost at Alex’s shoulder in height. He looked at the words and said only those he could recognize. On the ones he couldn’t articulate properly Alex told him to read the individual letters and then sound them out. He read very slowly and enunciated every word until he could do it properly. By the time he read two whole paragraphs the meal had finished cooking.
Shade was the first to get a hold of the hot meat. He learned quickly to give it a few moments to cool. After he swallowed his first chunk he licked his teeth and grinned. “The taste of victory was worth all the effort.” Alex laughed and then he went back to digging in. He was kind enough to offer a leg to his brother, which was a welcome change. It was rather good. Shade ate the rest of the meal by himself, bones and all. The only thing he didn’t eat were the guts.
Alex said “I’m so proud of you, Shade.” He rubbed his soft head now that it was resting on his lap. His ears twitched as the only indicator that he heard the compliment. Shade was happy and had a full belly and had a successful night. With that combination he was soon fast asleep. Alex continued rubbing his head throughout the night. He did a great job.
He knew if something were to ever happen to him, Shade would be capable of going on without him. He now knew how to hunt and Alex couldn’t have been happier for him.
They were both finally growing up and able to fend for themselves.





Chapter 5

Five months have past and many things have happened during their time together. Alex was currently stretching his limbs, preparing himself for the nightly sparring session with Shade. The season was now well into winter, but around here that means that the air is only comfortable and cool. Since he lived in tropical weather they never get to see snow, but it is better than freezing to death, from what his uncle explained. Not that Alex has ever recalled ever seeing snow himself. He’s heard and read its pure white and cold as ice. Many even die because of it. The sky was clear tonight and the moon was full. A gentle breeze came from the southeast and it was invigorating and slightly bringing a feeling of nostalgia. Alex couldn’t help himself as he remembered what changes the two of them had gone through.
Shade’s changes were even more prominent than Alex’s. About a month after Shade made his first kill Alex couldn’t hide him in his room anymore. He had almost doubled in size in such a short period of time. They both knew it was time for a change when he was too tall and wide to fit through the hole anymore. At that point his fangs had grown nearly to the bottom of his jaw. During that brief month he grew from Alex’s calf muscle, up to standing somewhere just above his knee. He was a large juvenile pup now.
In a response to this rapid growth Alex had built him a shelter out in the woods. It was a simple den, as he always called it, close enough to the farmhouse, but far out of sight so no one will ever see it or find it by accident. It was built from old wood panels in the front room that his uncle wouldn’t miss. He was given a wooden floor with three walls and a slanted roof for a home. The open front of his den was as tall as Alex’s shoulder and as wide as his outstretched arms. He made it large, so as Shade grew, the room wouldn’t need to be rebuilt soon to accommodate future size.
When Shade first entered his den it was expansive, but he said he loved it. That night they were lucky because it had rained and they stayed together inside his new home. They rested together and shared warmth while watching the rain dance before them. They were both pleased because it didn’t leak a drop.
His physical growth was only eclipsed by how quickly he learned to read and write. It had taken him three weeks to learn how to read efficiently and he read the entire leather bound book himself during those three weeks. Soon he grew bored with the book and wanted something more challenging to read. He read a book on plants and learned which were edible and which would kill. He also began to ask questions about numbers and was taught how to count. He learned to count faster than he learned to read and used his new skill to aid his reading.
When Alex would work on the farm during the day he left a book for Shade to read at his leisure. He snuck up on him once just to see how he reads. Shade always lies on his belly to look over the pages of the book. Once he was done with one page he would gently use his sharp claws to lift a page. When he turned the page, he would look at the page number to be sure he didn’t skip any pages. Soon he became fascinated with stories and books on adventure. He would make requests and Alex would tell him if he had a book that he would enjoy.
Once Alex finished stretching he watched Shade as he did his own stretches. He couldn’t believe how large Shade has become. He was now standing just above hip level. If he stretched his head up high enough he can look him directly in the eye. His head had become large enough to be nearly half the size of Alex’s torso and he had already surpassed his big brother’s weight by the middle of the third month. And the biggest physical change in appearance was that his fangs were now five inches long. With the growth of his size came the growth of his quarry. He had started eating small and average sized prey, but now he was starting to prey upon medium and a few larger animals. Alex was also proud because he wouldn’t always eat meat. Shade used his book knowledge to supplement his diet with wild fruits, nuts and vegetables found on their island, but stayed away from people and farms. Alex’s job was to still cook his captures and Shade would still share small pieces of his kills for cooking for him. If anything could be said, he wasn’t a greedy beast. Alex soon came in the habit of carrying a small knife on him at all times, mainly to clean his brother’s kills.
Shade finished loosening his muscles and grinned. His long and pure white fangs glistened in the moonlight. His voice had slowly become deeper and less childlike. His voice was calm yet deep as he said “I’m ready when you are.”
In response to his initiation Alex began to run, weave and dodge through the forest. When Shade would get close he would turn quickly and suddenly. Shade had the speed advantage and Alex had the benefit of agility. So their records are relatively even.
During some of their past sparring sessions either he or Alex would have minor accidents. Several times he would accidently scratch Alex with his neurotoxin. Shade started crying a few times, thinking that it might kill his brother like it does to all of his prey. Alex kept telling him it wasn’t his fault. He had to explain that only the place where he was cut only goes numb for an hour or so now. Alex hasn’t had a reaction come even remotely close to the first experience with Shade’s uncle. Sometimes Alex would accidently kick or do something that would hurt Shade. One time he fell into a hole that Alex didn’t see and Shade limped for five days.
While still defending, dodging and weaving through the forest Alex noticed how strong and fast he himself had become.
Every day he would help his uncle work the farm. Gambit would use his item to cut the volcanic rock into soil and Alex would pull out any debris he had missed. They made a second compost pile from unsalvageable crops, leaves, grass trimmings and waste, and Alex added some mushroom spores to the other pile to aid in the decomposition and for the mushrooms to sustain them. Together they took the original heap and spread the compost over the entire farm. It needed to be fertilized and Alex was the one to do most of the work.
When a strong storm came by Alex fixed the damaged areas of his home’s structure and reinforced others knowing the rainy season was approaching.
They had taken seven more loads of their harvested crops to over to Jakz and Alex noticed many things about himself. He was getting stronger and his daily work started becoming easier to do. He didn’t get tired as easily and was able to labor longer. He wasn’t as sore when relaxing in the shade nor did his uncle since he steadily started doing more than Gambit. The cost of these muscles and new strength was that Alex’s apatite had increased dramatically. He was eating more than ever before and his uncle seemed proud and unsurprised. They never ran out of food to feed the two of them. With his new size came another problem.
Alex’s arms and legs had grown almost as large as his uncle’s and his hands had become calloused from hard work. His roomy tunic and pants didn’t hang loosely any longer. Over the five months he had filled them out to fit comfortably. His chest and back had become thicker and broader than he ever could have anticipated to be real. Alex could even see that his neck had thickened. With these new attributes he could no longer fit through the original hole in his room. The only response was to make more panels that could be removed. When his uncle wasn’t close to home and at the market he cut out three extra panels with a saw. He used some adhesive tree sap to hold all five wood pieces together so they would keep together. With the extra room he was able to leave his room with ease and remain undetected.
And then last month was very special for both Shade and himself. His uncle brought home some special ingredients from the market. Shade and Alex celebrated their birthdays together with the cake Alex made from his uncle’s surprise. It was a rare treat and one they both shared in secret. Shade turned one whereas Alex turned nineteen. They didn’t exchange presents, but they did enjoy the rare treat.
Shade was now running directly at Alex while he held his ground. Despite Shade’s weight he made the barest audible thumps as he ran. His larger golden eyes were locked only on his brother, hoping to win tonight. His mouth was only slightly open and his long fangs were exposed. When he came close he launched into a powerful sprint and opened his huge mouth as wide as possible. His bottom jaw easily passed his fangs and was wide enough to bite Alex’s entire torso.
As Alex was about to dodge the attack, the wind shifted.
There was a new smell that mingled with it and it seemed ominously familiar. With Shade still launching in his direction he planted his feet as solidly as possible. He brought his hands forward when Shade was close enough. Alex grabbed each of the large fangs, making sure to only hold the fronts of his teeth because they were slightly rounded and harmless, but the backs of his fangs were sharper than the sharpest blades. Also staying away from the pointed tips of the sharp sabers were always a healthy idea.
With his hands holding the charging teeth Alex was forced back ten feet, but retained his balance and didn’t fall or lose focus. He didn’t know if it was his strength or Shade locking his legs, but the two of them stopped without hurting each other.
Golden eyes were wide with distress. Alex had never done that with him before. Alex slowly stepped back and released his hands off of Shade’s sabers. His mouth slowly closed and his voice was as shocked as his eyes were. “Alex, that was the most dangerous thing you’ve ever done. Why did you stop me like that?”
So I was the one who stopped him, he thought to himself. Alex pulled himself back to reality and looked him straight in the eye. He spoke quickly and calmly while fear crept into his chest. “Shade, do you smell that?”
His brow furrowed, but he sniffed the air after the question. His eyes widened even more as he realized that scent specific from the countless others. “Smoke!” He became confused and asked. “But it rained only yesterday and it’s still too wet for there to be a forest fire. What could be burning?”
A horrible and sickening feeling starting to knot in his stomach, then Alex felt suddenly cold even as he was sweating. He was right about the rain and there is only one other possibility. Shade gently butted Alex’s chest with his snout and it brought him out of his thoughts. He asked in a worried voice “Alex, what’s wrong? You don’t look so well.”
Alex’s heart was thundering now. He started running in the direction the smoke was coming from. Shade was running hard by his side as Alex said “What’s the closest place that could make that much smoke?”
His eyes widened suddenly in realization. “Our Dens!” He shouted and both of their strides became faster and longer.
 The heightening feeling surged through him again, like the time he fought against Shade’s uncle, but he was running even faster than he did back then. His built strength had made this sensation of awakening stronger. His heart was pounding and his body poured out copious amounts of heat. He felt the air lashing at his face as he kept running without making any sounds. The trees seemed to almost slow as they were in his vision and he could feel them zipping past him as they cleared from his sight. The only thing that kept up with his speed was Shade and Alex could see he was running at his swiftest as well. His eyes were focused straight ahead and his ears were flat against his skull. At this very moment their speeds and anger were identical.
What is happening at our home? It felt like forever to reach the tree line, but it only took a few minutes and once they did his heart was thrumming behind his ears once again.
The farmhouse lit up the night in a roaring inferno. The entire house was engulfed in red and orange flames shooting into the sky like a beacon to guide sailors safely home. Tears were streaming down Alex’s cheeks, seeing the only home he’s ever known being consumed.
Shock held him in place as his sight tried processing what laid before him. Even at the very edge of their property they could feel its heat warming the chilled air, while smoke blotted and warped the image of the hanging moon. Alex stood in the expression of horror at the side of the field, knowing nothing could be saved from the place he called home. There were so many memories being charred from existence. Then his eyes were drawn to six shadowy figures standing off to the side of the blaze.
First to be easily seen was his uncle standing like a proud warrior, since he was larger than the others. His legs were spread and his item firmly placed proudly in the ground. He was showing his defiant and passive stance. His front mostly faced Alex and he could tell he was waiting patiently for something. Gambit appeared well lit from the blaze of their home. Then Alex recognized the five others who were with him. It was Rakkel and his squad.
Three Weapon’s Class warriors stood in a perimeter around his uncle. The woman, Michelle, had both of her daggers in her hands and stood several feet in front of Gambit, sneering like a rabid dog. The two men stood off to Gambit’s sides with their weapons drawn as well. The man with the claymore had it pointed directly at his uncle whereas the man with the scythe held his back in a swinging position, ready to cut him in half, at a moment’s notice. Rakkel and the healer stood behind the woman with the daggers and Alex was looking at their backs. Their red tunics made them look like they were covered in blood and ready to draw more. Alex could tell that they were speaking, and it was Rakkel’s voice doing it the most.
Why are they all here? Could this have been an accident? Nay, the way they look says all of this is intentional. Otherwise they’d help put out the flames…
Getting down low on his knees, Alex noticed Shade had already had the idea and was already crouching. “Shade, can you hear what is going on?” He shook his head and kept his cautious eyes fixated on everyone who was in the field. “We need to get closer, but stay low.” He finally looked away to silently nod approval for what his brother decided.
Since they were close enough to the new compost pile and it was situated between the house, the tree line and the unwelcome guests, they decided to make their way there because it would be the only way not to be seen by the Guard. They walked through the shadowy trees for a hundred feet, then crouched down and slowly made their way to hide behind the large pile. It did have an unsettling odor, but it didn’t matter at this moment. Alex took the right side of the heap to get a closer view and Shade took the left.
No one had made a single movement and they noticed something new from the change of venue. Rakkel held an unrolled scroll and was reading from it in a loud and clear voice. His voice was cold and emotionless, just like his facial expression. His golden hair looked ablaze from the fire to his side. Alex had only heard the very end of his speech. “…are hear by ordered to be executed for crimes against the king.” He rolled up the paper and Alex’s anger boiled once again as he tucked the paper in a satchel at his hip. “Before we carry out our orders, I have a question for you, Father.” Uncle Gambit didn’t flinch or even acknowledge his son. He looked like a statue, proud and unwilling to break. “Where is my traitor cousin? Since he is like you, he too shall be executed as a coconspirator.”
Then Uncle Gambit’s statuesque figure finally unfroze as he moved his head to look at his son. Rakkel made an involuntary step backwards from an intensity he’s never seen before in his father. His voice boomed with calm pride. “You won’t find him. And he isn’t part of any of this. He is neutral. All you want is to finally get rid of him by using me as an excuse in your scheming plans.”
“It doesn’t matter how you say it. He will be executed just like you.” His voice changed into a command. “Do it!”
Rage finally broke through his frightened restraints as Michelle took a sudden single step forward. Gambit’s eyes caught a blurring movement as Alex ran around the heap, streaking like he did through the trees moments ago. Alex was too far away and he knew it, Michelle thrust her arm forward. Gambit smiled proudly one last time as his legacy and hope would live on.
“UNCLE!!!” Alex yelled knowing he wouldn’t make it in time either, even with this strange sensation that coursed through every fiber of his body.
He still had to try.
Still running as quickly as he could, and when everyone heard his explosive voice, their heads seemed to turn slowly in his direction. He no longer cared about stealth anymore and the ground around his feet seemed to scream as he propelled himself forward, faster and faster. He could see only red at this single moment and his legs were pumping like never before. By the time the Guards spotted Alex, he was already inside the group. He raised the palms of his hands towards Michelle and when she stood in his territory he placed both upon her chest. His momentum stopped as he transferred it all into her. He watched as she seemed to fly over forty feet and into the burning blaze. There were crashing and shattering sounds that came from the blaze, but nothing else happened. It was like the shock of his forceful impact killed her. Alex didn’t know how he accomplished such a feat, but she wouldn’t come out of there alive. He didn’t have time to dwell on her for long.
Every squad member went stunned for a moment.
Uncle gambit started falling right before Alex’s eyes. He didn’t care about anyone else but him at the moment. In Gambit’s shock his item dropped to the ground just as he dropped to his knees. A jagged dagger, plunged from the guard, was protruding out of the left side of his breast.
Moving to intercept, he caught his uncle’s shoulders, just before he fell forward. He yelled “Uncle, you will be alright! I’m right here. I’ll get you to a healer…” Gambit looked up with calm blue eyes and gave his nephew a weak smile. That brought his rescuer to silence.
“Alex?” He heard incorrigibly behind himself. It was Rakkel’s astonished voice. Alex looked to see his cousin’s bewildered blue eyes looking between him and to the fire where his crispy comrade flew into. He started speaking incomprehensibly. “How…You’re weak…what…” Then his eyes flared as he yelled “KILL HIM!”
Alex heard whistling in the air and looked back as the other two weapon users were coming at him with an intent to kill. They were moving in unison and he knew that he couldn’t get away and hold onto his uncle safely in his arms.
Then came a murderous, snarling growl rapidly approaching. Shade was watching the whole thing and when he heard the blond one shriek and the other two move to kill his brother his own anger roared like never before. No mercy would be granted after what they intended to do.
Out of the shadows lunged Shade looking more vicious and bloodthirsty than Alex ever been before. His lips were completely pulled back and was snarling menacingly. He jumped right in front of Alex, shielding his brother and uncle, and everyone heard the claymore screech off Shade’s ribs without damage. He used his teeth to grab the scythe from the other man. He grabbed the item and flung it away with a flip of his head. Before the scythe user could react to what was happening, Shade had already raked his claws through the man’s tunic and chainmail and ripped his chest into four long, meaty strips. His claws cut through the metal links like water. Alex immediately saw blood pouring from the man’s chest as he lost control of his nervous system within seconds.
Shade then turned to the next threat, the swordsman, and without delay. Shade lunged at him without regard, he wanted blood. As Shade and the man were falling backwards the man’s head found itself in Shade’s teeth. When they landed Shade jerked and twisted his head and heard a quick and satisfying pop. The man went instantly limp. Shade then released the skull.
Behind Alex, he heard the healer yell “SHADOW FANG!!! RUN!!!” Shade heard the shout and growled so deeply it couldn’t be heard, but all could feel the vibrations in their chest. They started running away and Shade turned his head and his muscles began to bunch. He was about to take care of them. 
Alex yelled just before he launched into another chase that he was sure to win. “Shade! Stop!” He did and looked at his kneeling brother and Alex saw both of Shade’s fangs were coated crimson. “Let them go. Uncle Gambit needs our help.” His gold eyes were still blazing, but he knew that this matter took precedence. He took a deep breath and let out a menacing howl mixed in a bark towards the cousin and healer. The sound ripped through the air.
Two mindless murderers began running even faster into the forest. Soon they were gone. He looked back to see that his uncle was weakly looking up at him. His blue eyes were barely open. Alex leaned him back on the ground and twisted his legs straight to ease any discomfort. The protruding blade remained and they already knew there was nothing anyone could do and their voices were trapped by swollen throats.
When Alex read to Shade, when he was still small, he asked about items and how they worked. He knew they appeared next to the child when he or she was born to the world, but he wanted to know what happened if a person were to die.
Shade watched as the sword and scythe disappeared into nothingness, but the dagger in Gambit’s chest was slowly fading. That meant Michelle was dying slowly. The two of them wanted to relish the thought, but there were more pressing matters to deal with at the moment.
With his uncle laying on his back Gambit spoke weakly, feeling his life fading and worrying for his nephew’s future. “Alex, m’ boy.” He rushed taking his uncle’s large, calloused hand into his own. He said swiftly “I’m right here, uncle. Try not to talk. You need to save your strength.”
He took their combined hands in his other and Gambit smiled. “I’ve known about you and your little friend here for three months now…” he looked up at Shade because he peered over Alex’s shoulder. “You make the oddest friends, Alex. Your just like your fa…” he coughed just as the dagger in his chest finally disappeared, making the blood rush out from the wound. He coughed and spat out blood. Alex took his hands from his uncle’s and compressed them over the pooling wound, being sure that his strange surge of strength didn’t hurt him. “We both know I’m not going to…be in this world for much longer…” He coughed again and Alex couldn’t think straight at the moment. “Remember what I told you… about the chicken coop?” he nodded. “Now is the time, you must get it…” He choked as he said “I…Love…Y…” and his arms went limp and Shade saw the hoe by his side completely disappear.
He was gone.
Gone!
The one person who taught Alex about the beauty of life lived no more. Gambit didn’t fight back tonight because he couldn’t bring himself to fight his own son. It was the costliest mistake. He never could strike Rakkel. His own son was his executioner and nothing could bring back such a great man. Without his guidance, what was Alex to do now? He wasn’t ready for it all to end like this…
Putting bloodied and soaked hands in his face he cried into them for the loss of his mentor. He heard Shade take a deep breath and let the world know what happened with a loud and long mournful howl. All that heard could feel the emotions of his howl and it let everyone know the sadness and cruelty that has occurred here tonight. Alex couldn’t help nor stop himself from crying like a youngling. The last time he ever cried was when his mother passed away.
It was a few minutes later that Shade rubbed the side of his face against Alex’s. He looked up into gold eyes as he said compassionately “I know he meant much to you. I enjoyed listening to him, when the two of you would talk in the other room. I couldn’t understand what he said, but I could tell he loved you.” Alex was glad he was here as he shakily stood up and wrapped his arms around Shade’s neck. He leaned in and let Alex hug him for support and comfort.
When they pulled away he replied in a strained voice “I know he did and I loved him too.” He looked around and saw that the fire wasn’t as intense as when they originally arrived. “I cannot give him a proper burial, but I will give him a sending worthy of a good and kind king.” Shade stepped back as Alex walked forward.
He looked down at his uncle and picked him up into his arms. He was a large and strong man, but he felt as light as a newborn child right now. He made this house a home and Alex thought it only fitting that he should go with it. It would be what he wanted. He walked through an open space, inside the burning building, and found a flat of unburned boards. Alex laid him to rest on the wood and said “Farwell, Uncle. I will meet you again in the next life. Give my regards to Aunt Jeda when you reunite with her again after all these years.” He grabbed a piece of burning wood and lit the bottom of the flat.
When he walked out, Shade waited patiently off to the side. He moved away from the other two lifeless men he saved his brother from. He stood up and said “What are we to do now, Alex?”
“I will do as my uncle said. He said he left something for me.”
Over behind the chicken coop they went and Shade silently walked by his side. He ignored the chickens screaming for them to escape and Shade didn’t even spare them a glance since he already had a successful hunt.
When Alex reached the backside of the coop he went to where Gambit had said. He went down to his knees and started digging out the soil with bare hands. Shade silently watched the heartbreaking work. The soil was cool next to the flames, but nothing was quiet, not outside in the fire nor inside the mind. Alex kept digging away the heavy soil to have something to focus on or else he’d fall apart again. It took a little while until he felt a flat surface. He dug quicker and soon found a simple wooden box. He wanted to open it to see what was so important, but they had another problem to deal with.
He stood and tucked the box under his arm. Alex looked at his only remaining family. “Shade, we need to get away from here as soon as we can.”
His ears perked. “Why?”
It was difficult to take a calm and steady breath. “Because my cousin is going to bring reinforcements as soon as he finds his superiors and tells them what happened. Humans aren’t like fiends. When those who loose poorly and are weak of honor, they will come back in greater numbers. Fiends learn and adapt, but some humans don’t know how and they rely on others to do the job for themselves.” They looked at the bodies and Alex said “I’m also afraid that since I’m not among the dead someone might figure out that you saved me.”
Shade looked over and realized the gravity of the words. He said “Before we go we need to bathe to get rid of the blood and then we’ll go somewhere inconspicuous. We need to hurry though, Alex.”
He had a point so they both walked to the pond. Alex sat the box on the edge and walked into the chilly water. He submerged himself; clothes and all. Shade didn’t splash into the water like he usually does because the memories of his deceased parents began surfacing in his eyes. This was not a time for playing with our memories. Alex thought acidly. After he removed the blood and dirt from himself he swam over to Shade. He let Alex rub the blood from his neck where he hugged him with bloodied hands. He drank and also washed off his teeth. They were brilliant white once again. Soon they were both clean.
When they both got out of the pond the cold air made them both shiver. He grabbed the precious box as Shade offered his den for them to go hide for the moment. Alex couldn’t refuse.
They made it into the deep part of the woods and found the den. He walked in first and Alex heard his claws tap against the wood floor. Now he filled most of the room, but still had a ways to go before it became cramped. He walked to the back and slowly lay on his side. His head was raised and his front paws were crossed, waiting. He didn’t have to wait long for his brother to come in. His laid his back against his warm belly and his damp shirt warmed right up. His hands still shook for some reason.
Wooden box still in hand, Shade smelled it. He said “It still has your uncle’s scent, but it is old. Go ahead and open it. Or would you like me to try? I’m getting better at opening objects with my paws and teeth.”
He smiled weakly at Shade’s attempt to cheer him up. “Nay, it is my responsibility.”
Grasping the front clasp he lifted the box’s lid slowly. At the top was one piece of parchment and it was folded with a wax seal that belonged to Gambit. Below that was a small leather belt bag and below that was a rolled scroll. Alex grabbed the letter first.
On the front of the letter was written “Alex” and Shade was the one to read aloud. It had been written in Gambit’s very own handwriting. The wax seal was easy to break as the lip lifted. Inside waited a single piece of parchment. He slid it out of the envelope, unfolded it and held it so that they could read it together.
Shade began to read the letter aloud and Alex followed. He could tell his brother couldn’t speak. “Alex, if you are reading this I am in serious trouble or I have already passed on and am reunited with my beloved wife once again.” Alex’s throat thickened even more as Shade read and was thankful he kept going. “The most likely reason for any tragedy to befall me would be from my very own son. What I’ve never told you was that I was once a ranking commander for the rebel group called Freelan. Our group has been the only real threat to King Runkamon for the past twenty years. I have seen firsthand what that tyrant did to so many people for the sake of Sacrificing yourself for the whole. I joined Freelan after seeing one of my dearest friend die. I would have also told you more about your family, but I made a promise to Eriana not to. She said it was for your protection.
“As a Freelan rebel I fought through the ranks and dealt blow after blow against the king’s rule. I was given the title, Gambit the Red Soil. Use my title with discretion or else you’ll wind up at the stocks or with a noose around your neck. I fought for Freelan until my wife died to bring Rakkel into this world and you came to live with me. Now you have to decide on how to go on without me.
“Inside the box is the deed to the farm and everything on it. You may continue living there or you may sell it. It is your choice.
“Look at the leather bag and you’ll see a special ring that has been laced within the strings. It is a very special ring and one that I want you to have. It was mine. Put it on the index finger of your right hand…” Shade stopped reading as Alex suddenly dug into the box and pulled out the bag. It was heavy and filled to capacity. A silver ring was tangled in the straps. It took Alex a moment to get the ring out. He did as Gambit said and slid it on his right index finger. It was a perfect fit. He held it up to see the engraving and maneuvered it so Shade could see it too.
The engraving held what looked like a leaf.
When they finished gawking at the inheritance Shade continued. “That ring might come in handy for what I’m going to tell you next.” They glanced at each other and then went on with the letter. “This decision is one that may change your life, but only if you choose. You won’t have long to act after you read this. You may stay and live on the farm or you may leave, but if I’m gone your life might be in danger. To me you were never a slave, but others don’t see it that way. I have seen how you loved freedom and love speaking your mind. It is a trait you learned from watching me, I’m proud to say. If you want to fight for the freedom of all lands you must see Kori within the day of my demise. She will know what to do if you show her that ring.” At the very bottom was a small sentence. “Just know that I died a happy man, without any regrets, knowing that I had the honor of raising you. I love you, Alex.”
Alex put the paper down just as Shade rubbed the side of his head against his. When he found his voice he asked “What do you think we should do?”
The silence was crushing until Shade eventually spoke. “I don’t want to stay here anymore.” He looked to see Shade weighing the options. “We don’t need the trouble of seeing Rakkel ever again.” Then he smiled. “If most of the human warriors are like your cousin, I think we should help those Freelan people. I think a new order of freedom is exactly what we should assist. Don’t you?” His gold eyes were calmly expectant.
“I agree. We can’t stay here and wait for destiny to find us.” Alex rubbed his neck and Shade smelled the leather bag. “Let’s see what’s in there.”
Untying the strings was more difficult than opening the leather mouth of the bag, especially with shaking fingers. They were both completely stunned. It was stuffed full with silver coins. It was enough to buy the land off his uncle, five times over. He pulled out one coin and explained what the coin meant to his brother again. He then said “He must have been saving that for a very long time if there is that much. He wanted to make sure that you were well taken care of.” He then turned his head to the mouth of his den. “We should hurry. We can’t be caught and daylight will be our greatest enemy. Do you agree?”
Alex stood up and slowly tied the strings of the bag onto his belt. He also tucked his uncle’s letter and the deed inside a back pocket. When he ducked to step out of his den Shade followed. Alex said “How about we drink from the stream and then make haste?” He agreed and soon their bellies were full of cool water and they ran away.

Shade and Alex ran all the way to the market just an hour before the sun arose in the sky. They only stopped to relieve themselves. They made it close enough inside the trees, but Alex’s muscles were pained from the excursion. His new physique gave him more stamina, but his stunned mind helped dull the ache of his agonized muscles. The two of them ran around the perimeter of the market because their destination was on the other side. Both were on high alert, knowing how dangerous things were for them.
“Wait in here. I will be back as quickly as I can.” He understood as Alex left him in a gigantic thorn bush. He wouldn’t be seen until Alex returned.
The dark market only held two inattentive people, going somewhere in the same direction, away from him. The street’s torches were still burning and the foul smell of the area hadn’t strengthened yet.
He walked normally so no one would be suspicious, if someone watched from the shadows or through cracks of their homes.
When finding Kori’s Clothing he knocked on the locked door loudly, nearly beating the door off its hinges. Her home was on the second floor and her workshop waited below. She had a large window display that showed her clothing on wooden mannequins. Only the drapes were pulled so that no one could see and it was dark inside. He knocked a little harder.
On the forth try he heard her rich voice say “Hold Your Horses!” She sounded annoyed and he easily heard her coming down the steps in a hurry. A small candlelit lamp approached the door and then it was sat on a table. She unlatched her heavy wooden door from being locked. Then she opened it, just enough to see who it was with one eye under a still locked chain. Her brown eyes scanned the stranger before she said “What do you want so early in the morning? My shop doesn’t open for a few more hours.”
“Kori, it’s me, Alex.” Her eye narrowed annoyingly. “My uncle’s, Gambit.”
Her eye widened in recognition as did her voice. “Alex! My word, you’ve gained some muscle since I saw you last. I also see that you are wearing one of my outfits I gave him as a present seasons ago. It looks good on you.”
He said evenly “May I come in so we may talk?”
She asked “Why?” In response to her cautious voice Alex held up the leaf ring that Uncle Gambit told him to brandish. Her eye widened in shock. “Where did you get that? It’s Gambit’s!?”
He leaned forward and whispered. “Kori, Uncle Gambit was murdered a few short hours ago.” Her eyes started to tear as her hands came up to her mouth to stifle a mournful wail. He asked again to enter and she slammed the door to take of the thick chain from the door.
Her throat strained as she spoke after reopening the door. “Get inside. Quickly…” She grabbed the collar of his shirt and jerked him inside the store. Then she shut the door and locked it back up.
Alex hadn’t been in here in three years, but everything was relatively the same. Off to the back was a door that led to her workroom and stairs up to her loft. Off to the left were chairs people would wait while Kori fixed or made their clothes. To the right wall held different fabrics and colors, ranging in different prices depending in the material. The floor was made of pine and felt cool and hard on his feet. He turned around once he heard her feet quickly shuffling closer. She grabbed his left arm and led him into the back workroom with the candle leading the way.
Once she locked the workroom for privacy she lit several other candles and the room quickly brightened. Her short brown hair and white nightdress spun as she turned to walk up to her late friend’s nephew. Her motherly face was pained as was her voice. “Tell me what has transpired tonight.”
There were two chairs by her sewing table so Alex dragged one out to sit on. She did the same and sat directly in front of him. She kept a hand on his thigh and that was the support he needed to tell the tale. She had the same ring on her right index finger that comforted him, he noticed. It was slow and painful to tell, but Alex told her everything about what happened and he referred to Shade as my friend. Alex felt the wetness stinging in his eyes again, but they remained behind the lids, unlike Kori’s streams of anguish. He didn’t realize they were this close as friends. After recounting the tale Alex said “Kori, my uncle wrote me a letter telling me about the Freelan. I would like to join and see if I may be of any help.”
Her voice was weak. “Of course I understand. Give me time to think, alright?” She would need some time to work out details so she quietly contemplated whatever she had to do.
After remembering what the letter said Alex used the candle to burn it because if someone found this it would lead them to Kori and that would only worsen matters for everyone. She didn’t even ask what was burned. 
Alex stood up and pulled out the deed when enough time passed. “Kori, since I now own my uncle’s land and have no use for it…” He handed it in her shaking hands. “You can sell it and you can keep whatever profits you get.” Her eyes continued watering as he said “Use it to help support you and your daughters. I trust you know what to do should someone ask where you got the deed.”
A few minutes later she finally spoke. “Alex, you told me about your friend. Does he want to join as well?” he nodded. “Well then I must meet him to see what kind of arrangements I will need to make.”
His eyes widened as fear kicked into his emotions. He hadn’t planned on what he needed to do for Shade. Sometimes he acted more human than fiend. His mind was racing on what could be done to best avoid this situation… then he knew he couldn’t hide him if they were going to stay together. He steadied himself and flattened his voice. “Alright, but there is a condition you must agree to first.” She nodded hesitantly. “He will most likely frighten you, but you must not scream when the two of you meet.”
“I will see for myself and decide then. If I’m to put my life on the line for you, I cannot make such a blind promise.” Alex didn’t take her involvement into account either so he nodded in understanding her feelings. He agreed just as reluctantly. “Good. Now we will wait until my girls go to the instructors.” She made a disgusted face knowing what they were being taught. “When they are gone, you and I will go meet your friend.”

Two hours later her little girls roused and came down the stairs to meet. Alex met them as little babes and they didn’t remember him because he rarely left the property. They both look like younger images of their mother. The youngest wore a light blue dress and would grow into a level one healer because her item was a rod that could cool fevers with a single touch. The older sister wore a light green sundress and would be a level two Utility. She had a broom that creates small gusts of wind to blow dust and dirt away. He wondered how strong it would become when she becomes an adult.
Once they had finally left to go to ‘be instructed’ in the center of the market, Kori closed the shop for the day for personal reasons. He was told to wait around the corner of her building until she completed closing her home and shop and found him soon enough. Once everything was secured in the store she changed into a white shirt and black pants with leather shoes. She took him by the arm and whispered “Walk with me and act like a long lost friend.” She wound her arm around his as they walked out into the busy street market. It was almost crowded at this early hour.
Alex smiled brightly. “We are. You didn’t even recognize me when you saw me this morning.”
She smiled and pinched his arm pointedly. “Of course I didn’t recognize you. Last time, you were so frail and bony that I could have used you for sewing my cloth, but now you’re as big as your uncle.” Her words didn’t bring him any sadness like he was expecting. It was the opposite. He felt pride from her compliment. “…it must be from all the work it takes to run a farm.”
They talked about little things and not a single person thought to look at them. The two of them were completely surprised and relieved no one stopped to speak. Time seemed to fly as they passed the last building on the street. She took her arm from his and wanted to walk along the trail, but Alex told her that his friend waited within in the trees.
“Take the lead.” She smiled and Alex started walking through the thick weave of the palm trees and shrubs. He followed his footprints from earlier and moved closer with each step. The sand was soft and cool like the winter weather. He could hear the midmorning sounds of the animals growing while the sounds of the market slowly quieted into nothingness.
Soon enough he stopped and turned to Kori as she was breathing slightly heavy from the trek here. She looked up to him as he said “Before the two of you meet, I need you to stay at my side. I can’t afford you to scare him because a lot is at stake for us.” She slowly walked up and stood directly by his side. They walked a few more feet and saw the large bramble bush.
Alex had gotten used to that tickle in his throat that happened every day. He felt it again as he spoke in a conversational voice. “Shade, I have someone who wants to meet you. Come out slowly.”
Kori’s head suddenly turned up to Alex’s when he spoke in an inhuman, primal voice. Her brow furrowed and her eyes were confused. What she heard was frightening and difficult to listen to, but she forcibly lightened her tone. “Alex, why did you just growl and bark at that bush. Is this all a prank? If it is I’m done.”
Her head jerked to the bush just as she heard the bush shake and the leaves rustled and crackled under a heavy weight. Slowly the pointed green leaves separated as a large black snout came out. When Shade’s head came clear of the foliage Kori’s eyes were completely white and her face went ashen. Soon over half of his body was out was when Kori finally shrieked. “NOOOO!!!”
Kori turned and started running. She hadn’t made five strides when she caught her footing on some vines. She fell face first into the sand and was completely stunned for a moment and then she quickly curled into a tight ball. She began shaking in fright. Alex could hear her quietly crying out for her daughters.
Shade walked right up to Alex and rubbed his shoulder against his ribs. He threw his arm over Shade’s back and patted his other side. He turned his head and looked at him with playful golden eyes. “I made a perfect impression, didn’t I?”
Alex smiled and said “It turned out better than I expected. You do have a reputation as one of the Big Three for a reason.” He grinned and looked down at Kori as she still remained in a tight ball. Alex told him “Write in the sand so she might understand you. She just confirmed something for me.” Shade looked back at him as he stepped closer to Kori. “My throat tickles when I speak with fiends. I think that’s how I’m able to communicate with you.”
When he turned, Shade was thinking. He then stated “You’re right. When you had conversations with your uncle I couldn’t understand anything you were saying either.” He looked down at the crumpled form behind Alex. “Tell her she’s too small to eat.” Alex couldn’t help himself as a chuckle escaped him.
As Shade looked down and started using his paw in the loose sand Alex made his way up to Kori. He knelt by her side and gently laid a hand on her shoulder. He felt that sensation again and knew his voice became human again. “Kori, it is alright. You’re safe.” She didn’t move so he raised his voice to a conversational level. “Listen to me. Shade won’t hurt you. He’s the only family I have left.”
Her hand slowly released the sides of her head and her brown eyes finally locked onto his. Her locked body didn’t budge as she asked “Why aren’t we dead right this moment?”
“Listen. Don’t be disrespectful to my little brother. His name is Shade and you said you wanted to meet him. He helped me try and rescue my uncle and you’re acting like he was going to kill you.” Alex didn’t have time to play nice as they needed to depart as quickly as possible. He stood up and said “If you run you’ll miss meeting one of the most special creatures in this world.”
He looked to see Shade still writing intently in the sand. He continuously grinned and his tail was wagging. Alex only hoped he wasn’t writing anything inappropriate. When Alex peered down to see Kori, she had finally moved. She was slowly leaning up and her eyes were wide as she watched Shade moving the sand around with his front right paw. Her brow was still furrowed as she continued to watch this, but some of her color returned to her lips. When she sat fully erect she asked “What is it doing?”
“He is writing in the sand so he can communicate with you.” She said that was impossible and Alex told her to go see for herself.
Once Shade finally finished his letter he sat by the end and grinned, and it frightened Kori because she probably thought he was being aggressive. Alex left her side and she whimpered, feeling abandoned. He read Shade’s letter and chuckled. He stayed in the same spot as Alex walked up to him and rubbed his head. “Don’t be so malicious. She’s actually afraid of you.”
He retorted with a smile and said “As long as she is a companion and not an enemy she will have nothing to fear from me.” With that he licked the side of Alex’s hand. Kori seemed to jump once she saw the show of affection.
Kori slowly stood while eyeing the two of them. Her voice was quivering as she spoke. “He is docile…right?”
“As long as you remain a friend.” Alex grinned and pointed at the sand. “Take a look at what he wrote you.”
It was a painstakingly long process as Kori shuffled her feet closer to them. Every step she took was carefully measured and her eyes were honestly afraid of being so close to Shade. Her fear was understandable under the circumstances. Alex kept following her eyes as they kept wandering to his five inch sabers. She made her way close enough to read the white sand. Her voice changed from quivering to astonishment as she read the letter. “Good morning, friend of Alex. I’m Shade, Alex’s younger brother and the better looking one. I’m a big and mean Shadow Fang and all should bow before my terrible fury! Grrr” Kori actually made the grrr sound.
Alex fell to the ground, laughing harder than ever at his brother’s idiocy. He knew Shade couldn’t understand her words, but he also flipped on his back and they laughed together.
When Alex could breathe properly again he looked over to see Kori staring between them. Alex asked what she thought about the sand-written letter and she in returned asked “If it is safe. May I meet Shade…properly?”
He was laying on his side, looking at Alex quizzically. He relayed her attempt at a greeting. In answer he stood up and shook the sand from his fur. Kori became motionless as Shade slowly walked up to her with his head held high. He looked her in the eyes as she said weakly “Hello, I’m Kori.” He looked to Alex and he sat up and translated what she said. Shade grinned at him and he could see in his playful brother’s eyes what he was planning to do next. Before she could escape or shriek, Shade opened his mouth and extended his tongue. He licked the entire side of her face in one sudden wet slide.
As Kori fell back from the wet assault Shade grinned and trotted over to Alex’s side playfully. Shade dropped down to his belly as they watched Kori wipe the slobber from the side of her face and hair, cursing under her breath. While they waited he said “She took that better than I thought. I was waiting for her to run and fall over again. I wanted to see her do it once more.”
Alex elbowed his ribs and said “Be nice. If we are to get away from here we will need her help.”
“Oh, sorry,” He looked down at his straight paws, suddenly aware of his actions. “She’s just my first human that I’ve been introduced to. I’m so excited that I lost track of our objectives.” He looked up and barked at Kori.
Shade stood and started writing on another spot of sand. Kori finally finished wiping her face and cautiously walked up to his side. Alex walked over to see Shade writing an apology for being so playful. Then they were both surprised when Kori dropped to her knees and started writing on the ground. As she wrote Shade read her words as she wrote them. “It was alright. Since you’re my first Shadow Fang I’ll forgive you this once. If you plan on doing it again be sure to make your breath smell better.”
Shade grinned and Alex relayed his message. He said and wrote “Next time I’ll see what I can do.” She smiled at him.

After the stressful meeting was over Shade and Alex sat together as they spoke with the clothing maker in further detail of their predicament. Alex told Kori about how the two of them met and how he learned to read and write. She asked Shade questions and he answered with Alex as being the fiend/human translator. After two hours of deliberations they finally got down to the business at hand.
Kori straightened her back and her voice calmed. “If I am to get the two of you off this island by tonight, there is much that needs to be done beforehand.” She gave details on what both Shade and Alex needed to do, for their departure to be successful. This wasn’t her first extraction and she was quite experienced. Apparently Alex had to do much of the legwork and details that needed to be accomplished promptly.





Chapter 6

Kori and Alex returned to the bustling market together by noon. It had grown even thicker in population since they initially left, since the winter festival will begin in two weeks, but Alex’s guard on the surroundings remained alert. He couldn’t stop himself from imagining enemies around every corner and hoped to find a way to lead them away from Kori should the worst happen. Shade would meet back up with them, just after the sun sets so he can use the darkness to his advantage. He would meet them by the trail that led into the market from the west. Shade grumbled at her purposed idea, but knew of no other way to be smuggled into and out of town. Kori walked with her arm through her escort’s once again as they casually returned to her home.
When they made it to her shop Alex waited outside by the display window while she went inside to get something. Several minutes later she walked out with two slips of paper that had to be delivered to the docks and one to a coach driver. She told him who to look for and the specific ship to find the captain on. She went back inside to attend to an errand while Alex started walking through the streets. Much had to be done and very little time was allotted to accomplish it.
Walking down the main street, the first priority was to hire a horse coach. He had to walk over a mile until he found the stables. He looked at the building beside the mostly empty stalls and entered. Once inside the establishment it smelled of treated leather and musty old liquor. He walked up to a burly gentleman with a long black beard and a sweat stained white tunic and handed over the slip. Alex told him to meet at Kori’s Clothing after nightfall and since he had to pay upfront he used three silver pieces from his pouch. He was a kind businessman who said he’ll be there with his coach this evening. At least he knew where to go.
After leaving the stables, Alex knew the quickest routes to the docks, so he took the shortest one. He walked to the center of the market. The center of the market holds an open stone platform and is surrounded by high wooden walls. It is made circular so the adults can walk around the outside perimeter and continue on with their daily routines and business ventures. Going around the familiar wall brought back many despicable memories from the past.
Children go to the instructors from the age of five years old until the age of fifteen. That was how the king’s faultless system was supposed to work, but it was nothing except a farce. The kids were always grouped into their four attributed categories and Alex was usually thrown into the utility faction since they were usually the weakest class. The children called him Zero because he was the only slave-child known who didn’t have an item and even with the other utility children he was an outcast of society. Harsh insults and sneers were alleviated by books. They kept him relatively sane throughout his adolescent life.
The sparing of metallic items and other clashing sounds could be clearly heard over the high wall. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind knowing that the weapon’s class were having another sparring match. Their items couldn’t kill their opponents yet, but it didn’t mean no one was hurt. Those that were, went to the children healers to see if their items could correct the limited injuries. Alex didn’t have time to reminisce about his handicap, knowing the peril they were all still in.

Just as the sun started leaning towards mid-afternoon he arrived at the harbor. The ocean was a stunning light blue and held small sprays of white from the rolling waves. The air was salty and sent many breezes towards the market. It also carried a clean smell that wafted pass, unlike the town itself. Multitudes of boats were tethered to wooden posts, ranging in many sizes and shapes. Just about all of the vessels has a sail and those that didn’t were single person rowing boats that were unable to cross open ocean. There were many people at the dock bringing in their catches or selling them straight from their craft. Along the docks over the water Alex passed huge sailboats with three or five sails that were all beautiful to admire. It took him almost two more hours until finally finding the vessel Kori spoke of. It was a large shipping sailboat called the Falcon. Alex remembered that the cousin species of that particular raptor was called the Fury from the book that was burned and buried back on the farm where Gambit...
He fiercely shook his head to keep mournful thoughts focused.
The Falcon had a long ramp that a crew of men carried the shipments onto. Alex called for the captain and one of the shipmates pointed him in the right direction. The captain up on the ship was ordering his men to place the crates in securer positions for their imminent departure. The captain turned when he caught the movement of Alex’s approach, he had a cutlass strapped to his hip for an item. Slightly yellowing teeth showed he cared little for them, but he bared authority in his stance. He took the document from the tall lad’s hand and looked it over. He peered over it meticulously to look at Alex with new suspicion. His tone matched Alex’s observations. “So little Kori has a shipment that needs delivering to the mainland, eh? And you are here to supposedly guard her shipment?”
On each of his thick fingers were ornate and expensive rings, but the least lavish was the one was on his right index. It was a silver leaf engraved ring. Alex raised his right hand and the captain grinned when the pieces fell in. “Aye, now that makes more sense. I understand why she has a treasured shipment that requires an extra protective hand. We will be shipping off by midnight. Be here before then or else we’ll set sail without you.”
Alex nodded and left the ship. He still had two more errands that needed to be completed.

Making it back into the market again he found a reputable butcher and bought five long strips of red meat and their combined weight weighed half his own. The butcher’s item was a cleaver. The butcher’s item could coat itself in flames, like most elemental weapon’s class items, and he offered to cook the meat, but Alex settled for it just being salted. He wrapped the long strips in paper and was paid before Alex slung the meat over his shoulder and departed. He then walked over to a leather seller and bought two new water skins, made from cattle hide, each with a wooden stopper to plug the mouth of the necessary travel items. With his jobs completed he began his way back to Kori’s.

It had thankfully started to become darker. Alex made it back and saw a large wooden crate sitting outside of her shop. He looked through the window and saw that the candles were lit behind the closed curtains. He lifted the crate to see it completely empty and realized it was a newly fashioned crate that couldn’t be seen into. On the top was writing that held Kori’s Clothing logo and a shipping manifest. He tossed the salted meat inside the crate and closed it. He knocked twice on the front door and said “Kori, it’s me.”
She opened the door and allowed him inside.
While they waited for complete darkness to envelope the town Alex ate dinner with Kori and her girls. His heart constricted once he saw each child playing with the dolls that his uncle had made. It reminded him of when Gambit sat in his chair each night and carved on pieces of wood with his item. Even if he was sad at the loss of his life, Alex also overjoyed because Gambit shared his respectable passion with the children. He wouldn’t be forgotten for a very long time to come if the children continued to cherish those simple toys. That was a small consolation.
Once darkness overtook the sky Kori put her girls to bed. The oldest girl locked the front door behind them, without asking her mother what she was going to do tonight. She most likely thought Alex was going to spend time with her mother, to catch up like old times. He grabbed the water skins and threw the straps over his shoulder. Once things were clear and almost everyone had retired for the night did Kori and Alex hurry to the meeting place.
Shade lay patiently waiting inside the shadows and once he spotted them he walked silently onto the trail, grateful for their arrival. He looked at Alex and asked “Did you get everything finished for us to go?”
He shook his head. “Not quite yet. I’m going to fill these up. You need to follow Kori through the market as silently as you can. Keep a look out for anyone. If you do see a person, find a place to hide before you’re seen.” He nodded. Alex turned to Kori and told her the same thing he explained to Shade.
As she left and Shade followed her at a trot, Alex went into the woods to find another freshwater flowing stream. He found one and quickly filled both skins with as much as they could contain. Then he threw the wet leathers behind his back after sliding his arm through the strap. He turned and jogged back to the market for the last time, knowing he’ll most likely never see his home ever again.

All of the nightly torches were lit again as Alex walked unhindered down the emptying street. When he finally found Kori, she stood next to the crate in an unconcerned way. She was calmly scanning the area for any signs of trouble as she waited. She didn’t see him until he intentionally moved in front of a burning torch. She let out a sigh of relief. When he was close enough she whispered “We didn’t have any trouble getting here. He pointed at the meat when he got in. I hope you don’t mind, but I gave him one of the strips. He looked hungry.” There was a scraping sound inside the crate, but it stopped when Kori slapped her hand against the side. It was a gesture for Shade to remain still.
Alex placed a hand on her shoulder. “He was. He hasn’t had anything to eat all day, probably. The meat was for him anyways.”
He opened the crate to see how Shade filled out most of the inside of the compartment. His fangs were clean so Alex knew he had eaten quickly and quietly. They didn’t say a word as he sat one skins inside and next to the rewrapped meat. He pulled the stopper of the other one and held it to his mouth to demonstrate for Shade. The visual expression worked. Shade opened his mouth just wide enough for Alex to give him a small drink to go down with the food he ate.
After they whispered to each other one last time Alex shut the lid, closed the latch and locked it with a metal lock. Shade didn’t like the cramped space, but he knew it had to be done this way. Kori gave Alex the only key and he slid into his pocket. Like clockwork, the coach arrived on time.
The wagon was pulled by two horses and the driver was the same man Alex met earlier in the establishment. Another younger man sat with him and it left little doubt that it was his son. The two coats of the horses were both brown and their frightened snorting alerted Alex that they could smell Shade. They didn’t like his scent, no sane herbivore did, but they were reined in before they spooked and took off with an empty wagon. Kori also realized this, but she didn’t say anything. Shade remained silent in his box.
The driver pulled up to the two of them and reined the horses to stop. He stepped out and asked “Sorry about that. Sometimes they spook rather easy, especially at night. Is this all?” He pointed to the crate and Kori said it was. He turned to his son and said “Give me a hand. Clothes get heavy and a crate this big is sure to be weighty.”
“I’ll take the rear if the two of you take the front.” Alex offered as he knew he had the harder job and they realized it as well. They agreed appreciatively and Alex walked over to the back of the crate. Shade was so silent and still that he couldn’t even be heard breathing. He didn’t understand human words, but knew others were here.
Alex put his hands under the crate, after moving the soil for his fingers to grasp. The three of them all lifted at the same time. The weight was enormous on the back end, but bearable. Unlike with him the other two men were struggling. Their faces were red and they breathed in short chopped breaths. The three of them slowly walked the crate to the back end of the wagon. They lifted with all they had and managed to put the lip on the top of the flat bed. Once it was up there Alex forcibly pushed. They stepped back and stared at him in amazement as he pushed the entire crate onto the wagon. The men didn’t say anything, but Kori whistled and said “You have definitely become as strong as your uncle.”
They hugged one another and he whispered “Thank you and take of yourself. Oh and wait to sell the land until the situation around here calms down. Say you won the land in a bet, but allowed us to live there for a small fee each season.” She said she would and they separated.
Inside the wagon he sat beside the crate. As the coachman snapped the reigns the alert horses began pulling forward. Kori’s eyes were wet as she waved farewell. His throat swelled as he waved back.
Soon after, they rounded a corner and Kori was gone.
Shade remained as silent as Alex. All that was said was between the coach driver and his son. He watched torch after torch go by as they passed through the town. It wasn’t long until he could hear the sounds of the ocean. He turned to look forward just as the sandy ground turned into wood. The docks were lined with torches whipping from the wind and making the burning light flicker in every direction the wind dictated. It looked like some would blow out, but they stayed lit under the constant battering from the unrelenting wind. The air was still crisp and clean. The ocean itself was almost black because of the night.
The driver heeded Alex’s directions and soon they made way to the Falcon before anything dreadful could happen. The captain was patiently waiting for them at the bottom of the loading ramp with a group of four other men. Once the wagon stopped the captain gave Alex an approving look. He ordered the men to help Alex put the crate on the deck. With their help, Shade was carried up the ramp and onto the ship. He followed the captain’s orders and placed the crate on the starboard side, beside the railing. Once they positioned it and tied it down with ropes, the other men left to do the last of their duties and to prepare for departure.

With the captain and Alex finally alone, he spoke in a whisper. “After we leave I would like to see the cargo that I’m transporting on my ship.”
Alex shook his head, wind whipping his raven black hair, while giving a warning with his gray eyes. “You of all people know how these things work.” The captain’s eyes became guarded, waiting for more. “This is just a simple transportation detail. The less you know the more you can deny if we get caught, especially if a truth seeker somehow stops us and asks questions.”
He grinned. “You are a smart one, aren’t you, boy?” Alex smiled and the captain conceded. “You are right. Those contents are your responsibility.” He began to walk away, but stopped and gave a piece of sound advice. “The best time to get some air is during the dark hours after midnight and before dawn.”

It was another hour until the Falcon finally set sail. The sails came down and the wind filled them. The leading ropes were pulled on board from the dock tether and the dropped anchor was wound back up. The waves began splashing against the ship more loudly as the cargo ship pulled away.
Just as they were almost out of sight Alex caught a glimpse of dozens of moving torches rushing around in the market. They were being held by many Royal Guards and they were breaking into houses and pulling every person out into the street. Some of the Guard detached from the main body and began searching the docks. Alex knew they were searching for him because he spotted the golden hair of Rakkel issuing most of the orders from the dock. He didn’t see the departing vessel, thanks to the darkness, but Alex’s anger rekindled.
He sighed once they were out of sight and en-route to the mainland of Nicronane. It was going to be their salvation.
We made it. Alex thought mildly. We left our home and we’re still alive. Already there was a tight constricting ache around his heart that was only lessened from the fact that they made it off the island together and were relatively safe at the moment. Shade, I hope this was the right choice because there is no going back to the way things were. It was a fact of life, but the knowledge didn’t make it any easier. At least we still have each other and are still together. That thought eased his pain even more.
The crew of the ship began to go down below the deck a few hours later. Once Alex checked that everyone was down below and wouldn’t come back for the time being, he walked back to the crate. He untied the top straps and used the key to unlock the lock. He lifted the latch and then the crate lid. Alex smiled as he saw Shade and he returned the gesture for his brother.
“It’s all clear, Shade. You can come outside and stretch your legs, but stay close to the crate should someone come out.”
He slowly lifted his head and peered over the top of the crate. Shade was somewhere new and he still felt that danger lurked all around. “If you say so,” He then easily vaulted over the ledge. Once he landed on the deck, he stretched his legs while yawning. He complained about being carried like luggage; that was until he saw the expansive view of the ocean. He walked right up to the rail, raised himself up and placed both paws on it to look over the ledge. “So this is what a boat is…” He looked at his human brother and his golden eyes danced excitedly. “It is my first time off our island. Have you ever been on one of these before?”
Alex walked up to his side and leaned forward. His elbows rested comfortably on the wood as he gazed out at the wide and majestic view of the ocean. The breeze was cool on their faces and Alex’s hair blew in every direction. “I was born on the mainland and I was still a toddler when my mother brought me to these isles. My uncle took me in just weeks before my mother died from a disease the healers couldn’t cure in time. It is a faint memory, but I do remember riding on a boat similar to this. It is also giving me a feeling of nostalgia from that time, but the memories are faint. Be careful though, the motion of the boat might make you seasick. If you feel like throwing up, tell me, but it would be best if you don’t eat much until you get used to the unpredictable sensation of the waves.”
He was staring out at the water like Alex was when he asked “What was your mother like?”
“I don’t remember what she looked like because I was still a child, but Uncle Gambit always spoke well of her. She had raven hair and gray eyes like me. She was a good mother, but I didn’t have a chance to know her that well. I wish I had gotten to spend more time with her, but life doesn’t work out like that.” 
They looked meaningfully at each other for awhile and then silently watched the ocean in silence. Both of our families were destroyed, but we have each other.
Before Shade returned to the crate he relieved himself over the side of the ship. And before closing the crate Alex gave Shade little water because the sea sickness had been slowly creeping up in him. Luckily he never lost his meals, Alex wasn’t so lucky. By midmorning he spewed over the railing four times.

During the coming days Alex would help out where he could on the ship to keep his time occupied. The captain had him wrapping rope or helping the cook peel vegetables for the stews. When he couldn’t be of any assistance he would stare out at the marvelous ocean. One time he saw a pod of whales swimming along the port side of the ship. They sprayed a fine mist each time they surfaced and before long the entire crew went on the side of the ship to get an eye of the rare spectacle. Alex couldn’t help thinking they were a toy compared to the size of some of them.
During the night and after everyone retired, Alex would let Shade out and they would talk.
A fortnight passed when a sailor up in the crow’s nest announced “Land Ho!” Every sailor went to work after seeing it for themselves. During the fortnight, Alex filled Shade’s water skins and found a few apples, the size of his fist, for him to enjoy. And he ate each fruit one at a time and savored each, for he had little else to do inside the crate.
A solid surface off in the distance grew by every moment of the Falcon’s approach. Soon it took up the entire horizon of the ocean and he knew that it was the land of Nicronane. Alex was relieved knowing that they had finally and successfully made it away from his cousin. There were still just a few hours before nightfall and then they had to begin the search for Takka.
When the Falcon docked with the harbor Alex helped the men let out the ramp. Once it dropped the captain said “Alright men. Go relax for the night, you’ve all did splendid work these weeks. We can start work in the morning.” All of the men cheered and rushed off to do what they wanted. The captain winked at the cryptically tall lad, that guarded Kori’s crate with severity, as he walked off into his cabin. Since they were alone Alex spoke to Shade through the crate and told him what was going on out there. He was excited to know that they were finally done with the voyage.

While they waited for the sun to set Alex scanned the surroundings for possible dangers. Before the boat stood a small market compared to the one at his home island. There were fewer people out there and that included the men who just ran off. Close to the harbor dock lay a heavily forested area which would give them perfect cover to make their escape.
Once it was dark, Shade jumped out of the crate for the last time. He stretched and shook off his cramped muscles. Alex grabbed the two empty water skins and led him to the ramp. They waited patiently while a man tied his small boat to the dock and then disappeared into the town. Then they quietly walked up the dock and when they were close enough, they dove into the safety of the woods.
They walked normally through the thick woods, enjoying the change and using strained muscles while following the beach. They came across an untainted stream and soon both skins were freshly filled. Before they left it they gorged themselves with the liquid. It felt both heavenly and painful in their stomachs. Neither of them had had a descent rationed meal all week so Shade offered to go on a hunt. He actually wanted to explore this new land, but his hunger would keep him focused so it wouldn’t be a problem. While he left, Alex gathered dry tender to make a fire.
Once Alex collected enough tender he knew of only one method of starting a fire with what he had on himself. He took a string and tied the ends around his thumbs. He then sat the string over the tip of the spindle stick. As he moved his hands back and forth he knew it would be difficult. He had worked hard enough to create a thin sheen of sweat in the small but rapid motions, but he managed to make an ember that could be used properly. It took several tedious minutes of coaxing, but he managed to create a friction fire.
His book knowledge was already coming in handy.
The fire was tended to for five hours until Shade finally returned with a large white and brown goat between his impressive teeth. It was a ram and its curved horns were pointed lifelessly at the ground. Its body was wet and Alex’s best guess was that Shade either caught it in water or washed it off before bringing it here. Shade then dropped the large carcass by his brother’s side. Alex was glad he still carried the small knife in his back pocket. The habit came in handy.
After cleaning the goat for its meat and using several sticks to cook it with, the two of them discussed what came next. Alex said “We need to go find Takka.”
“The man in the Trade City of Nicronane?” Shade guessed correctly. “How did Kori say we could find him again?” He laid next to Alex’s right while watching his food cook. His head dropped flat on the ground and his fangs pierced the sandy soil. His hunt wasn’t difficult, but not eating right had consequences.
“She said to look for this symbol over one of the eves of a fruit stand.” Alex held up his silver ring with the engraving of a leaf. “She said she last remembered that he was last located in the southwest district of the city.”
“How far will we need to travel to reach that city?” He lifted his head to look at his human brother who looked as tired as he felt.
“Do you remember the map from the book?” Shade nodded and his ears twitched, a squirrel scurried up a tree behind them and was telling them to leave. “I would say it will take us three or four weeks to journey there.” Alex admitted and Shade sighed and put his head back down knowing it would be a very long journey. Alex rubbed Shade’s back and resolved him by saying “Does it really matter how long it takes so long as we’re together?” Shade smiled, but didn’t look away. “I thought so. Now let’s eat our fill and get a good night’s sleep. I’ll go back into town in the morning and buy a pack so we can carry more supplies during our journey. It will come in handy.”
Alex was only able to eat a leg while Shade ate the rest of his meal.
They put the fire out and hid in the tree cover for added safety. Alex slept with his back against a tree. Shade laid curled on his side and his large head was laying directly on Alex’s lap, sabers pointing away from his brother’s torso. He was warm, full and fast asleep in minutes and Alex wasn’t far behind.

Before Alex made his way back to the market harbor the next morning Shade stopped him and said “Alex, while your gone I will scout around the surrounding area and find some trails and roads we can make use of. It will make our travel easier, I’m hoping. Don’t worry, I will find ones where the humans travel on them the least. Good hunting.” With that he walked into the woods. Alex smiled knowing he had the right idea.
It took Alex twenty minutes to return to the market. It was similar in many ways to his own, right down to the smell. The only difference was the size; it was half as large as the one on the island. Despite its size it had a larger transportation system. The horse drawn carts carried the cargo from the ships down a large road. The goods were almost all headed for the trade city. At least one weapon’s class person accompanied the cargo because Alex was told that fiends weren’t the only trouble you could come across, bandits thrived off the wagons. Most of the weapon’s class people in the market were actually Royal Guards, but they looked more like mercenaries. A few sailors from the Falcon were heading back to the ship to unload the cargo, per the captain’s orders yesterday and waved when they spotted Alex in the early hours.
With the help of the locals and a few silvers Alex found where he needed to go. His first stop was to a pack store. Inside was an elderly woman who sewed cloth backpacks and leather saddle packs for horses, mules and oxen. She was a kindly lady who helped choose the right pack he would need for a long journey. It was perfect because it has a large carrying capacity. He knew it wouldn’t get in his way when he carried the skins. She charged him only a single silver piece which was reasonable for the quality he received. Alex never liked haggling.
After he left her shop he walked to the stands in the center of the market. A metal bowl would be perfect for boiling unclean water and making stews so it went inside the pack first. He bought fifteen apples and sat them in before closing the top of the pack. He bought four oranges at another fruit stand and the hawker took his silver and gave three coppers in change. A spice seller wasn’t difficult to find because it gave an aroma that made ones mouth water and he bought a sack of purified sea salt and put the contents inside the bag. Now his large pack was filled to capacity.
As Alex started leaving the market to meet up with Shade something flashed in his eyes and gained his attention. He turned to the source of the flash and found a knife seller. He couldn’t help himself as he was drawn up to the stand. Behind a desk were a husband and wife working on forging a new blade. She held a piece of metal as long as a person’s middle finger, with metal tongs. Her husband’s item was a large oval hammer and when he struck the metal, the blade of the metal that had been struck became red hot. Alex watched in amazement as they worked together to create a knife without the requirement of a forge. When he shifted his weight the woman spotted Alex looking and they stopped working.
She wiped her hands on her apron and asked “Can we help you?”
Alex thought quickly and asked “Aye, I was wondering about getting a new blade to replace my old one.” He pulled out his old knife and sat it on the table between himself and the woman. “This has worked well for me, but it requires constant sharpening and it gets tedious sometimes when time isn’t available.” She grabbed Alex’s small, fixed bladed knife and agreed with the statement. Her husband also didn’t have any objections, but he looked at the customer with curiosity. “I was hoping you have a good folding pocket knife that doesn’t require too much care or attention?”
The man grinned and held up his item. “You came to the right place, Son. You see, my hammer is a level three specialized weapon. I can hammer any metal without a fire source and once the metal cools it never needs to be re-sharpened. That is the guarantee I offer my patrons and that’s why my wares cost a little more than what they would usually pay for a knife.”
“Well… let me see what you’ve have to offer.” The man grinned strangely and grabbed a tray full of folding knives. Each was undoubtedly a great quality blade and the handles were made from wood, bone or metal. He tested each one and the balance and sharpness were perfect. Alex eventually found a black, wooden handled knife with a four inch blade. It cost nine silver and three copper pieces, but Alex knew a blade like this would be extremely handy in a variety of situations. He left his old knife with them and they said they could re-forge the metal.

Returning to their last rendezvous point in the woods, Shade was resting contently under a shady tree. Alex intentionally stepped on a dry stick and the snap made his head come up to look at his arrival. He stood and shook off the white sand from his fur before meeting up half way. He asked “Did you find anything we could use?”
Shade grinned. “Of course I did. There are game trails all over this place, but most lead away from where we need to go and others wound up as dead ends. I also watched the main road and found that a caravan moves every hour so if we wanted, we could take the shortest paths with minimal risks.”
“I’m impressed. If you say there is minimal risk, I’ll believe you. Lead the way to the main road.” He grinned and turned. Alex grabbed the two full water skins he left behind earlier in the morning and slung one over each shoulder, adding their weight and his pack to the mix.
It was easy walking by Shade’s side through the trees. He smelled the trails when they would fork and when Shade would find one he liked, he kept walking. His sense of smell surpassed Alex’s, but their hearing and sight were almost as acute. He explained that the more scents he picked up the less likely they’d be led down the wrong path. 
Shade asked what Alex bought and was shown everything while they walked. He really enjoyed seeing a new knife. Shade knew that his meals would be cleaned much more quickly and efficiently now. He liked the apple from the ship, but never had an orange before. Alex told Shade that they would share it tonight instead of him going out for another hunt.
Once they made it to another bend they saw the main road not far ahead. The sand gradually went from white to a light brown as the greenery thickened. The road appeared empty for the moment so they hunkered down in a hidden depression and were blocked by foliage.

About twenty to thirty minutes later Shade and Alex heard the familiar sound from the clopping of a horse and the spinning of wagon wheels. They watched as five loaded wagons passed by them and he knew why Shade said caravan. Each driver was calmly guiding their steeds down the long stretch of dirt road and the Royal Guards were keenly surveying the land, looking for any signs of trouble. Shade remained completely silent and watched as the caravan moved down the road.
They waited five minutes after they heard the end of the sounds. After that, they walked out and made their way down the road. They talked silently and made plans as they traveled. About two hours later they dived into a tall thicket when they heard another caravan approaching. While they waited they rehydrated and snacked on half of an apple. Once they left, they continued their journey together.
After three more convoy’s they knew that there wouldn’t be any other’s because it was getting dark so they’d set up camp.
They located a grassy clearing once it was dark as well. Since neither Shade nor Alex had any fun since the passing of Gambit, Shade suggested a game to relieve their pent up energy and anger. Neither of them were hungry tonight and there was more than enough sustenance in the area to have a little relaxation. Shade’s golden eyes danced as he offered “How about we spar and you can help me on my coordination?”
“Sounds like a plan.”
First they sparred like they’ve done for months and the skirmishes helped ease Alex’s pent up tension over their unfavorable situation. They chased each other and dodged attacks, enjoying the physical exertion. They even started doing close range strikes and those were the most difficult because they required intense focus, concentration and fast reflexes in a small and confined space. Alex had to dodge claws and teeth and Shade had to evade getting poked in the eye or getting something shoved in his nose, usually grass, but sometimes mud was available. Alex was sweating and breathing hard while Shade panted and sat on his haunches. His plan had worked because the tension had vanished.
For sharpening Shade’s coordination, Alex found a pine tree knot in the shape and size of a fist. They stood twenty feet apart and Alex would throw the knot in difficult patterns and ever changing for Shade to catch in his teeth. He liked this because it helped him with his hunting and because he read that dogs play a game called fetch with their owners. Shade loved chasing things anyway.
Shade and Alex were soon tired and the unbeatable nose of the four-legged brother found them a water source, but the water was stagnant. Alex found a flint rock earlier in the day so he took it out of his pocket along with the new black handled knife. Alex made a bundle of wood from a fallen limb and an old bird’s nest was perfect for getting the fire started. He struck the flint against the back of the new knife and the nest took to flame quickly. As the fire burned Alex noticed that the blade remained truly unscathed after getting struck by a rock. It was already worth the price. He filled the newly acquired bowl with the unmoving water and sat it in the coals until it boiled.
It took half the night, but the two of them drank to their hearts content and filled each water skin. They each enjoyed the orange and three more apples apiece.
Shade slept on his side and Alex used his chest as a head rest and his large heartbeat put him to sleep quicker than it usually did. They left the fire burning because it had gotten extremely cold.
Shade woke Alex just as the sky started to brighten. While he put on the pack and the full skins he kicked dirt on the coals of the smoldering fire.
Today they only had to wait for only three caravans.

Four days later their supply of fruits were all eaten and Shade hunted for an adult deer; per Alex’s request. It took him all day and a quarter of the night for him to come back successful. The prey was as large as he was and it was an old buck that had an impressive, twisting rack. Shade had to drag the carcass’s back end because it was difficult to carry it all in his mouth. After Shade sat the prey down by his brother’s side Alex began cleaning it very carefully with his new knife. While the fire crackled Shade laid close by and watched as his brother meticulously worked. The skin was in great condition because Shade went for the throat only, so Alex carefully cut it because Gambit taught him how to work leather two years earlier, but the lesson came back quickly. While he cut and cleaned the meat he asked “Shade, what did it take to bring him down?”
He crossed his large front paws. His mouth completely opened into a menacing yawn. “It wasn’t easy. He was in a pack of seven does. I needed to spook them, and during my charge this horned one broke from the bulk of the pack. Since he was alone and somewhat slower I chased him down and he slid on some wet grass. As he fell, I leapt and finished him off before he could get away.” He scratched behind his head with his back paw. “Why did you want me to hunt something that is almost as fast as I am? It was hard enough trying to catch even that old one.”
The meat was cut in long strips and one was held up in front of him. “I know it was difficult and I know how hard you worked for your victory, but we needed the extra meat.” He tilted his bulky head to the side slightly, curious. “I am going to smoke the meat all night and by sunrise it will be ready. If I smoke the meat it will last at least a week for us and we won’t have to stop every other day for you to catch food for us. I will smoke enough to fill the entire bag and we will eat the rest like we always have.” He licked his chops at the thought.
When Alex had several pounds of stripped meat ready he had already made a rack of sticks made while waiting all day. He laid the meat over the smoking coals, the smoke would do its job through the night. Alex took another coal and started another fire to cook the two foreleg muscles and the meaty ribs. While Shade and Alex waited for the meals to cook properly they told each other what they were looking forward to in the coming weeks. Shade wanted to mostly show his strength to the evil and unintelligent humans who hurt others for pleasure. Alex simply wanted to help fight for a new future and Shade said they were the same things to him. It was impossible to disagree with such a view.
Alex ate until full and gave Shade the rest. He ate until even he couldn’t stomach another bite. Shade said to smoke the last full leg of meat and save it until morning for breakfast.
While they slept with full stomachs, the meat smoked.
Around daybreak they arose and ate the last leg along with drinking until their stomach’s sloshed. The night’s smoking went perfectly so Alex stuffed all the cured meat inside his pack. He also took the deer’s skin and scraped and cut it in a working oval pattern before rolling up and tucking it under his arm. It still required much work, especially scraping all the tallow. Shade didn’t say a word as he did this, but he was curious if his alert ears were any indication.

For the next fourteen days they hiked, hid and hunted six days after the smoked meat disappeared. Shade smelled an apple tree and Alex had fun retrieving the apples hidden in the woods. Shade stood completely still as his brother climbed up on his back, Alex was grateful for the added height. He placed one foot over Shade’s shoulders and the other in the center of his spine. The apples were almost ready because they were still turning red, but they were good enough nonetheless. He cut down twenty one apples, one at a time, and dropped them all on the skin of the deer. It had almost dried completely and been stretched out to make a perfect and dry platform. It helped keep them from sleeping on the cold ground and it stretched out enough to incorporate both of them for the night.
All of the apples collected fit inside his pack. When the pack was full they ate their fill before continuing their journey. Shade ate six more apples and Alex managed to eat two during the traveling the next day.

While Shade and Alex bedded down for the night, next to a small and comfortable fire, a strange sound rang through the night. At first it sounded like a bird. Alex sat up straight and Shade lifted his head when the sound reached them. They both looked off to the left and then to each other. “Alex, what was that?” He held his index finger to his lips and Shade’s ears perked. A few seconds later the sound clanged again along with a thud and someone was yelling. Then came the unmistakable sounds of clashing steel.
Alex jumped up, recognizing the sound of battle and Shade did as well. “Shade, there is a fight close by. Should we check it out or leave it be?”
“Someone could be in serious trouble and be in need of help. I say we should see. Just incase…” Shade put out the fire as Alex pushed their things away.
They silently stalked together into the trees and towards the noise. Without making a single sound they weaved closer until there came a faint orange glow growing brighter the further they made their way. They slowed down even more when more metallic sounds clanged and were getting louder. Once they were close enough Shade lowered himself and Alex followed suit. They heard more yelling and now it was clear enough to understand.
“You bastards enlisted my Brother because you held my niece hostage and then you killed her once the seal dried! None of you have any honor you…” then there was more fighting and then the man Alex overheard screamed out in pain.
What is going on over there? This sounds serious. Enlisted? Did he mean the Royal Guard? What should we do? Alex thought wildly. Then there came a malicious voice giving orders. “Grab his item and hold it as evidence. You three hold him down. Healer, tend to my leg.”
Slowly Shade and Alex stopped once they made it to where they could see.
There were five men and a woman in a clearing, hidden from the road, in the inconspicuous shelter of the trees. A small hut was built close to a hidden lake that neither Shade nor Alex knew existed. Shade didn’t even smell it which might be because the wind blew from the opposite direction. The ground was covered in grass and the area was lit by five burning torches in the dead of night, shafts buried in the ground. The government issued uniforms showed that five of the men were all Royal Guards. A squad?
At realizing this, anger and worry coursed through Alex.
The odd man of the group had short brown hair, but he was covered in dirt and blood. Shade’s nose began twitching, he could smell the salty copper. The leader of the squad had two other men holding each of the captive’s arms and a third man held an axe to the back of his head. The brown haired person wasn’t standing under his own power and the blood running off his face told Alex they had struck his head. The other leader and healer were a few feet away. The specialists are usually the squad leaders and this man had a small ledger he was writing on, while a middle aged woman was using some kind of red glove, touching a wound at her leader’s leg. The leader was a tall and well built man with gray and black hair. He was clean shaven and looked handsome, but his sneer reminded Alex of his cousin.
While the healer tended to his leg, the specialist looked up at the captured man. “Alright… Marlin. You see, my item is actually one of three.” He dangled the ledger and a quill in front of everyone. “Whatever I write on one, the other two instantly relay the messages to whom I’ve given to my superiors. It comes in quite handy when relaying information over a long distance.” The specialist looked down at the parchment for a moment to read. “And now one of my superiors has just issued me an order…” He lifted the pad up and cleared his throat dramatically. The Healer moved back and grabbed a long metallic stick as she moved. Alex also noticed that the leader’s leg no longer had a mark on it. “My superior has stated, Give him two choices. The first, is that he remains alive and uses his talents to support the people or else have him put to death for not obeying the law. Being asked into service is our greatest duty for the good of the people. It is up to him to make his choice. Serve or perish. This is an order.” He put his pad in his pocket and grinned in a superior fashion. “What will be your answer, Marlin?”
The man, Marlin, slowly raised his head up and smiled, almost looked mad. “If you think I will serve under a tyrant. You’re utterly misinformed.”
Shade and Alex glanced at each other. He might not understand human language, but he completely understood the gesture Marlin just used with his suddenly free hand. Then Marlin had taken a deep breath and shot a globule of bloodied spit onto the squad’s leader. It was a great shot because it landed right in the center of the man’s forehead. Marlin had a great lung capacity.
Once the man wiped the bloody spittle off his forehead Alex could see the rage and the humiliation growing on the leader’s face. It was worse because the man had just been severely disrespected him in front of the entire squad. In a cold and horrifying voice the leader said “Kill him and let’s be off.”
Alex couldn’t help thinking on how his uncle had been in a similar position. This isn’t right. Five against one isn’t fair, nor should there be honor in taking a life of a man who wants to live free. What’s worse is he’s already beaten. Alex thought with passion. He knew he could at least raise the odds of this lone man’s survival. Alex’s heart was pounding in his chest and so was his rage, but it was the normal kind, not like what overcame him at his uncle’s execution. Shade didn’t even try to stop his brother as he stood up, because his hackles were standing up as well and his lips were drawing back. Shade wanted to fight too.
Alex spoke clearly and calmly as he walked forward, towards the group. “Delay that order!”
As one, everyone turned their heads in Alex’s immediate direction. They all instantly went on their guard. Since he was walking through the shadows, they were unable see his approach. The axe man withdrew his blade from behind the neck of Marlin and moved around to protect the specialist and healer. Then the specialist demanded “Show Yourself!”
“Gladly,” He kept walking silently. Once Alex passed the tree line he casually stopped once they could see him. They gasped because they saw a man clad in black appear out of nowhere. They could all see this towering man that came into their midst and were uncertain of his motives. “And what do we have over here?” Alex began to count them with a dramatic finger. “What, only five Guards and you couldn’t handle them, Marlin? Your getting sloppy.” He spoke to the bleeding man who was trying to remain conscious.
He smiled weakly. “Sorry about that. I must have gotten lazy living out here.” Marlin wondered who this person was, but hoped that he was an ally and not with these men so he went along with it.
Alex shook his head. “I told you not to seclude yourself. See what happens when you don’t listen to me?”
All attentions were pulled back to the leader as he demanded “Who are you and what is your relationship to this man!?”
“Like I’m going to tell a lowly puppet like you?” Alex looked back at Marlin again. “Marlin, would you be too upset with me if I stepped in and handled these weaklings which were obviously too much for you to handle?”
All of the guard’s faces went red, but Marlin stated casually “I’m not sure… I will let you know later.” Marlin grinned at this stranger’s confidence.
“Did you just call us weak!?” Alex grinned evilly at the warrior with the axe. “Do you think you can beat all of us by yourself? You can’t even rely on his help; or are you blind of his current condition?” The Guard tilted his head towards Marlin and smiled back.
“Who said I’m by myself?” His smirk was wiped away. He began searching the surrounding night to see only blackness. “Would you like to meet my back up?” Before he could process and properly answer Alex, he said “Shade.”
Everyone looked at one another. Then the healer asked her squad in an awkward voice “Did he just bark at us?” They didn’t know what was happening.
Before anyone could answer her Shade moved from his crouch and began his approach. Then there was a low and fierce rumble interrupted the silence of the night. His growl had the desired effect. They were all stunned still and frightened as Alex saw teeth and sabers coming into his peripheral vision. He put his hand leisurely on top of Shade’s head. He let out another primal growl that froze them even more in place. Alex laughed and said “As you can tell, he just loves it when people outnumber a person five to one. He loves evening up the odds. Aye, he is a Shadow Fang and you know just what they are capable of.” Alex looked at the leader, grinning. “Now I will give you two options. Either leave here peacefully and leave Marlin or I can let my little brother here finally get something hardy to eat. Your choice.”
The specialist spoke a few moments later and for his entire squad. “We will take the first offer. Let Marlin go and let’s leave this place, I’m not one who wants to see if that creature is real or not. We are not equipped for this.”
The two men let go of Marlin’s arms and he fell completely on his face. He was so stunned at the person’s brother and a dizzying headache that he forgot to brace himself. The squad slowly started backing into the other side of the trees. Alex then saw a flash of russet. “Healer! Put his item on the ground. You don’t want to be chased down.” She quickly dropped it on the grass and the five soon vanished from sight after mounting horses and fleeing.
Alex made his way over to Marlin and knelt by his side. He turned him on his back and asked calmly “Are you mad with me?”
He coughed and smiled. “Nay, I cannot be mad at someone who just saved my life from that squad.” Then his blood wiped eyes widened in fear. Alex looked to his right and Shade was looking down at the two of them while listening to the escaping squad. “That is a real Shadow Fang. Is he going to kill us?”
That made him laugh. “Nay, we are like brothers. I have an ability to speak with fiends and animals.” Marlin watched in fearful fascination as the man looked up to the Shadow Fang as it rumbled and barked so quickly that he figured they were communicating. “He is asking where are you hurt?”
Marlin took a deep breath and winced as pain exploded all over, but originated in only one area, his skull. “Just the top of my head; the third man came up from behind and did me in. I’m glad you showed up when you did.”
“Aye, me too. Is that your home?” Marlin nodded and then Alex looked back to Shade to say “Go get his item for me please while I get him inside.” Shade nodded and walked away. Alex looked down and asked “Marlin, can you stand or do you need some assistance?”
“Definitely need assistance.” He winced as he touched his head.
Marlin managed to lift his head as his rescuer slid his right arm under his shoulders. He lifted him into a sitting position. By this time the Shadow Fang came back with the reddish brown item. He dropped the item in Marlin’s lap. The Shadow Fang had a look of unequaled intelligence and Marlin noticed its eyes widened momentarily. It had an idea and he went off into the woods without barking another word. Marlin smiled as he looked at his item.
This item was actually a fishing rod. It was a cane of some kind. It stretched at least ten feet long. Marlin grabbed the base of the pole and willed it to shrink, it began to collapse in sections all by itself. It collapsed down into a foot long rod, the perfect size for carrying. The tip held a fist sized black bobber and a three pronged hook at the end of the bobber. He clutched his item tightly in his right hand, like his life wasn’t whole without it. Marlin nodded that he was ready and sucked a deep breath through his teeth.
With a solid effort, he groaned painfully as Alex stood straight up, bringing Marlin as well. When he took a weak step forward so did Alex, while being careful of the serious condition. The ground around them was riddled with fist sized holes and they managed to avoid them all. If not for Alex’s keen vision they would have definitely fell and broken a leg. The forest was quiet and the slapping water from the lake’s bank helped give some kind of noise relief.
They walked up three small steps to Marlin’s small hut. The hut was lifted a foot off the ground and surrounded by dry grass. The outside was coated in green moss and smelled oddly of flowers, mainly jasmine permeated it all. The door was open and Alex used his toes to push it in. It was dark inside; even for him. Marlin gave instruction about the layout of the room and the tall man obeyed. Soon he found himself on his cot. Alex gently helped him inside and laid him down. Marlin said “There is a small hearth in the center. Find a way to light it.”
He hurried back outside and grabbed one of the torches and brought it back inside. He used the flames to find the fireplace and it was situated in the center of the room. It was a stone fire pit and above was a hole in the top of the hut that ventilated the rising smoke. A stack of wood lay off to the side and Alex tossed in two logs. He laid the wooden torch in the pit and soon the pieces took. The room was small and basic, but no less a home to the occupant. It was circular just like the outside. Marlin and the cot were situated to Alex’s right. The only door in or out was to his back. To his front was a dresser and beside it stood a cleaning table. There were still visible scales from him cleaning fish.
Alex stood up and asked “Do you have any clean linens?” Marlin pointed to his dresser. “Is the lake’s water pure enough to drink or clean your wounds with?” Marlin shook his head. Then Alex had to ask a heavy question. “How long do you think it will take the Guard to muster reinforcements and return?”
The blood finally slowed and Alex could see loyal blue eyes. “We’ll have till morning, at minimum before they come back in a larger group. That specialist probably used his ledger to do so already.” Alex couldn’t help thinking how the man was going to put him and Shade in the report.
A noise alerted them to an arrival on the front step. Is our enemy back already? Alex thought. He was relieved to see Shade stick his head through the hut’s opening. His hand relaxed its pressure on the knife in his pocket. In Shade’s teeth were all of their supplies. The backpack and water skins were behind his closed sabers. He also somehow managed to throw the deer-skin leather over his back. Shade took another step inside and opened his mouth to drop everything on the floor. He then looked up at Alex with neutral golden eyes. “I brought all of our things. I guessed we were staying here for a short time so we do not need to go back there. Is he doing alright?”
“He needs some work, but at least he won’t die on us.”
“That’s a good thing.” He looked past Alex and realized Marlin gawking at them. “He looks worse than you did when we first met.” Shade grinned at his own humor. “Do what you need to do. I’ll keep him company.”
“Thanks,” Alex walked forward and brought their things inside. He then walked back to take the leather off Shade’s back and rolled it up. It took some work, but Shade managed to squeeze through the front door and lay down by the fire. Marlin watched all of this with fascinated eyes. He never heard, let alone see a spectacle such as this. He was seeing it, but believing it was difficult to comprehend. His pulsating head didn’t help matters either. Alex dug inside his bag and maneuvered the bowl out from the remaining apples. Before going outside, he shut the door.
He filled the bowl and saw that the other torches were still burning. On a night such as this they were a beacon. He used his feet to dig the dirt and dropped the remaining four sticks in that dirt. They were soon extinguished.
Once inside, the two of them were just staring at each other and remained in the same places Alex had left them. He smiled as he put the bowl in some hot coals. He then went to the dresser and found that there were only two clean pairs of linens left inside the dresser, he took out the cleanest one. He then returned to the boiling water with a white tunic. Alex used the water to sterilize the tunic, pulled it out and then he took the water off the coals and placed it onto the wood floor to allow it to be cooled. As the cloth remained wet and hot he used his knife to cut strips of the tunic to make proper bandages. Then he placed the strips over the coals to dry quicker. Marlin didn’t object to the mutilation of his clothes.
Alex then began cleaning Marlin’s wounds and blood from his face. He went as carefully as he could, but Alex told him that he needed to clean the wounds in Marlin’s hair of debris or risk a serious infection. It was a bad wound and Alex couldn’t fault him for tearing up. The main gash was deep enough to see the white bone of his skull. During a painful outburst, Shade placed his heavy paws on Marlin’s chest to keep him from moving. The weighted help he offered was needed to hasten Alex’s work. After two hours and three more boiled waters, the wound was immaculate. He used the very last strip to tie the wound closed and bandaged it tightly around Marlin’s head. During the end of the cleaning process he passed out from the pain, but Shade kept him still nonetheless.
Shade was still curled close to the fire as was Alex, a few hours later. Shade said “I’m glad we were in time to save him and we did it without shedding unnecessary blood. I wonder how quickly our names will come to rise after this? Shade and Alex, the most powerful of brothers,” He smiled at his vivid imagination. Then he looked up at his two legged brother meaningfully. “What are we going to do about him?”
Alex weighed the options for Marlin and none were good enough for the goals they had in mind. “We will leave him after he wakes. We are still in danger and we don’t need anyone slowing us down. He might be a good asset, but might be a liability as well. We don’t know him either.”
A little while later Alex saw Marlin’s tantalizing soaps and knew he needed a bath. He picked it up and Shade followed him outside. Alex cleaned himself and clothes first. Then Shade used almost half the cake himself as Alex scrubbed his coat clean and thorough. Shade enjoyed getting a bath, and loved swimming just as much; if not more.
When relatively dry, they made it back inside and noticed Marlin sitting up and drinking from one of their water skins. They waited till he finished and then he realized who came back. “I’m sorry. I was thirsty.”
“Don’t worry. We used your soap to clean ourselves up. It was an even trade.” Shade shook his wet fur with perfect timing. Alex tossed the soap back on the table and Marlin handed him the now half empty water container.
After he finished apologizing for them saving him Alex said “Think nothing of it, but I’m regretful for saying this. This is where we must part company. Where we are going will be dangerous. I’m glad that you were alright, but soon you too must leave your home because your friends will be back.”
His blue eyes judged Alex oddly as he stood and put his pack and water skins on. Marlin didn’t say a word to their packing. He put the rolled leather under his arm and said to Shade “It’s time.” He nodded and backed outside the front door. It was just beginning to brighten as they left Marlin’s home. A flock of geese also flew overhead as they departed, squawking in the fresh morning.
They made it to the road and walked for most of the day. They each ate an apple around noon and drank the last of the water from the last skin. An hour after that the two of them heard something and dived into a thicket. They were lucky that they did because there were fifteen Royal Guards riding swiftly on horseback, going in the direction to Marlin’s. Alex hoped he was gone by the time they arrived. After things settled and it was safe again they continued east.
During the night the two were warmed by a fire.

In the morning when Alex was packing their belongings the two of them heard a dry twig snap. Shade looked at Alex and he nodded, knowing something or someone was close. Shade then bolted into the woods, without making sound, as Alex quickly finished putting their things away. Once he finished seconds later he then closed his eyes to focus on his hearing.
A minute later someone yelled “Don’t Kill Me!!!”
Alex knew the voice and he yelled “Shade! Hold him down till I get there!”
“He isn’t going anywhere!” Shade retorted in a growl.
He made his way through the trees at a casual pace because many thoughts were flashing in his head. Soon the massive form of Shade came into view, standing with a large clawed paw centered over the follower’s sternum. Shade’s teeth were inches away from Marlin’s pale face. Marlin had changed into a brown tunic, dark green pants and leather boots, but he still kept on the wrap for his wounded head. Off to the side of the intruder was a pack with its contents spilled. Putting this together was easy. They were being followed. Alex made it to Shade’s side and patted his ribs. He then pulled his teeth back, but kept weight on his paw. Alex’s voice and tone turned even as he asked “Why were you following us, Marlin? As you can tell, Shade doesn’t like to be followed. Choose your words carefully. Neither of us are in a good mood at this moment.”
“So his name is Shade… it is good to meet you.” Marlin made the mistake of moving his arm and Shade growled and forced more weight on his paw. He quickly took the hint and became immobile. His blue eyes locked onto the Shadow Fang’s owner’s and he knew the danger he faced. “Last night, I would have been killed if it weren’t for you and Shade. They wanted to force my enlistment like they did my brother, but they didn’t have anything to hang over my head. You see, I’m a high level four and almost a level five weapon’s class warrior with some specialist traits. I thought that since I don’t want to join the Guard’s and I owe you my life, I thought you could allow me to join you. I can pull my weight and add muscle to your back if… you’ll allow me.” Then his voice changed as it became thick and choked. “I have nowhere else to go. All, but my brother, are dead and you have a sense of honor. I have nothing to lose and you have much to gain.
“A debt is owed and I owe you my life, we can become friends.”
Those words were like a solid blow to Alex’s chest. He never had a person say they wanted to become friends with him without asking first.
Marlin was telling the truth, eyes like those were honest and the weapon’s class are known for their unbreakable loyalty. Alex looked at Shade and said to him “Let him up, but keep an eye on him.”
As he slowly removed his paw he asked what was said and Alex told him. Then he asked for his brother to relay a message. Marlin slowly stood and eyed them cautiously while returning the spilled supplies. They were both making sounds that weren’t understandable. They took only a short time to come to a conclusion. As he slung his bag over his shoulders Alex relayed the message. “Shade says you have two rules you must follow if you travel with us. First, if you are lying and deceive us he will eat you and second if you threaten either of us he will eat you. Do you accept his terms?”
Instantly Marlin answered them both with a sure “Aye!”
Shade looked for conformation, but Alex spoke to Marlin. “Write your answer in the sand. He can read and you should answer to him.”
Marlin looked at them skeptically, but complied with the request. He knelt down and wrote his answer in the soil. It gave Alex the knowledge that Marlin was literate and could communicate with Shade if there was a need and he wasn’t around. He moved back as Shade moved forward to read it. A smile began tugging against the flaps of his lips. Then Shade started writing himself. Marlin looked completely dumbfounded at seeing a fiend write. Then he began to read in a whisper. “As long as you obey my two rules you may keep your head.” Then Marlin’s head snapped up at Alex. “I’ve always thought fiends were just stupid creatures that lived only by instinct.”
Alex laughed at hearing someone saying what he meant. He’s always respected blunt people, even if they didn’t like him. “That is mostly the case, but it seems like predators can have more complex thoughts. And fiends sound clearer than some animals. Insects and reptiles run more on instinct and their voices are harder to hear and their memories are short. Apex predators like the Fury or like Shade here, have just as or maybe more complex thoughts than most humans. I won’t let Shade know what you said because he might nip at you or do worse.”
Shade wanted to know what was said to make Alex laugh and he instead made up a funny comment on the spot. It was either that or tell the truth and have blood being spilt without reason. He grinned and then Alex said to them both “We had better get moving.”
Without hesitating, Marlin grabbed his pack and caught up.
Shade decided to stand between them as they made their way down the road. He didn’t trust this stranger, but the scent of fear kept him from attacking. While they walked Marlin and Alex introduced themselves properly.

Around noon they had to wait for a passing convoy. While they waited out of sight Marlin said “You must have a powerful item if you can command Fiends. What kind of item is it? I’m just curious.”
Alex rubbed Shade’s head as he still sat between them. He laid on his side with his large shoulders against his brother’s hip. He kept his head up and watched Marlin like another meal. “Actually, I was born without one.” His blue eyes spoke disbelief. “Ever since I can remember I was mocked and teased by the other children once they realized the truth of my words. Then there were the voices that I could hear day in and out, throughout my entire life. There wasn’t usually anyone around so I thought that I was crazy and everyone would agree if I told someone. My only solace was with my with my books, they didn’t judge me. I was always a weak child and I didn’t do anything about it. Six or seven months ago I found out that the voices I’ve always heard were actually from animals. Some were unreadable, some had short memories and were remarkably dumb; like you said earlier. That was until I met Shade here as a pup.
“My life changed from that point on. I began to work hard and built my muscles so I could protect him as best I could. I taught him to read and write, his favorite things to read are adventure stories.” Marlin chuckled and Alex continued. “He taught me what it was like to have a real family.” Marlin stopped laughing once he realized the truth of Alex’s words. “When I was five my mother passed away. I lived with my loving uncle and my…cousin, since her passing. Shade’s parents were killed by his uncle and I killed him with a stick through the eye.” Alex lifted up his left sleeve to show the scars from the fight. Marlin didn’t believe till the scars were brandished before him. “Shade and I had nobody to watch out for us, but each other.”
“What happened?” Marlin asked in empathy.
“Remember what transpired the night before…? Well my Cousin joined the Royal Guard and had my uncle executed a few weeks ago. I was there to see it happen, but unlike with you I was too late and too slow to make a difference.”
“Then where are we going? Are you trying to get revenge for his death?”
“Nay, I’m not out here for revenge.” Alex sighed and spoke to Shade and asked if he should be let in on our plan. He said it was alright, but to tread with the upmost caution. Alex looked Marlin directly in the eye. “We want to change how things run in the lands. We are going to join the group Freelan.” A pleased smile showed on Marlin’s lips. “What is that expression for?”
“Because my parents fought for Freelan and they died honorably. Here let me show you…” He pulled his pack around and started digging. He stopped and pulled out a silver ring. Then he slid it directly on the correct finger and showed Alex his own inheritance. “My mother left both me and my brother a ring. This one is mine. I have wanted to join them myself, but I was afraid of getting into something that would eventually kill me. You’re going to find Takka, aren’t you? My mother told me to find him last year before I got word that she had passed on.”
It suddenly felt like he was in Marlin’s trap after hearing what he said, but Marlin seemed as shocked as he was. They did have something in common. Honesty overcame Alex. “Aye,” Then he changed the subject. “Tell me. You said you were a weapon and specialist class. And higher levels have more attributes. What are yours?”
Slowly he pulled the collapsed version of the rod and he showed it to Shade who watched him with a critical eye. “You saw me compact this and it extends per my thought.” Marlin then willed it, becoming ten feet long again. “The rod itself is like a stick. It stings like crazy and won’t break under any kind of forced strain, but it cannot kill in most cases. The string is a thin translucent filament that cannot be broken by any means too. It also extends out to three hundred feet before it can’t make anymore.” He smiled as he said “The next abilities are why they wanted me to join. First my hook won’t ever get caught on debris because I can make the curves straighten and the barbs flatten. It also works in conjunction with the special abilities of my bobber.” The, fist sized, ebony colored ball hung when some line was released from the tip of the pole. “My bobber also has two abilities. When it’s floating in the water it can detect everything within a one mile half-sphere. I can close my eyes and see everything from fish, debris, aquatic life and even the subtle vibrations of the currents under the water.”
“That is definitely a useful ability for fishing.” Alex admitted aloud.
He shook his head. “That’s nothing compared to the next ability your about to see in a moment. My bobber’s weight can change, just like the extension of my pole. I can make it buoyant to float atop water or I can increase it to weigh over six hundred pounds. The weight stays the same to me, but to anyone else… Inform Shade I’m going to demonstrate.” Alex did and Shade agreed.
There wasn’t anyone around so it made the demonstration safe. Marlin told them not to move and they didn’t. He stood tall and leaned the rod behind his shoulder with one hand. Like countless times before, he flung his arm forward and the rod bent back from the sudden flick. As the tip of the rod whistled through the air the bobber remained hanging from a foot of string. Just as the tip whipped forward the bobber flew true. It traveled thirty feet in a straight line, going faster because of the increased weight. Then at the very end of the path the bobber slammed into a tree and imbedded itself. The tree shook and some of the leaves dropped. The sound was a solid and instant thud that one could feel within their chest. Marlin had to yank the pole back but a large and splintered hole was still left in the tree. Then it hit Alex that was where those holes in the ground came from at his home.
“So what do you think?” He asked while collapsing his pole back into a foot long rod for easier traveling.
Alex smiled, as did Shade. Together they said “Welcome to the team.”
Marlin grinned.

During their trek towards the city they learned much about each other. Alex learned Marlin was twenty three and about his brother who had been taken away. He was also living alone at his home for over a year until recent events. He had many questions for Shade and Alex became the bridge between them. It had been a pleasant experience, having a new companion join them. It brought a feeling of contentment to both Shade and Alex. They weren’t alone anymore.





Chapter 7

During the next two and a half weeks a few subtle occurrences have happened to the growing pack. The wound on Marlin’s head had slowly healed properly and he no longer wore a wrap for protection, but it remained bruised and a few scabs lingered. All were glad that the damage wasn’t any more severe, because it was pleasant to speak to another person close to Alex’s age. Shade had slowly started giving Marlin some leniency, but still kept his suspicions. He would let the two of them walk side by side and get to know each other. Marlin was always curious about how Alex wasn’t born with an item and he thought that maybe it gave him the ability to speak with fiends because they don’t have items either. It seemed a logical idea. Marlin also stated that since Alex didn’t have a proper weapon, or an item of any kind, that he would be Alex’s guardian. He was told repeatedly that a companion sounded better. That way when or if a fight should break out, they won’t make the other person feel submissive or be treated like a servant or worse, a slave. He didn’t answer so Alex guessed he would consider it.
Marlin also came in handy when they finished off their supply of food. They would find small lakes and creeks along some paths that their guide knew by heart, being a local. Shade and Alex would watch when Marlin put a small piece of bait on his hook and fished. He did close his eyes as they all sat on the banks. When his eyes opened he would yank back on his rod. Then the line would bend as Marlin fought to pull in the fish. He caught them at least fifteen pounds fresh water fish in one night which they all indulged in.
Marlin caught nine in total. They cooked eighteen filets of pure white meat. Shade alone ate ten strips, Marlin and Alex divided the remaining evenly. The remaining two strips were stored for the next day. Shade wrote ‘Thank you.’ for the meal Marlin provided for all of them.
Shade still continued to slowly grow in height and size over this period of time. He had been as tall as Alex ribs as they left the ship, but now his shoulders were almost as tall as his brother’s. His sabers had now reached almost eight inches in length and passed the bottom of his jaw. With his size now reached like the average Shadow Fang, Alex knew he was now as large as his uncle. He could look Alex eye to eye without stretching and they both liked that for it made them feel equals. The size of his head was enormous and when he completely opened his jaws he could easily hold a grown man’s entire torso without much effort. His apatite began to even out and that it meant that he is maturing into an adult. His pure black fur still held a healthy sheen and when the wind blew, he was a magnificently stunning creature. A primal beauty that couldn’t be surpassed.

A week after Marlin joined, Shade and Alex resumed their nightly sparring. Marlin watched and they knew he wanted to join in, but he respected Shade’s rules to never fight either of them or he would have a fatal consequence. It also felt to Alex that he was studying them.
The road to the Nicronane trade city had become wider and more trails and other roads began blending into the main road. The main road was soon made with cut and flattened stones and red bricks dominated roads and bridges in most areas. The road became thick with travelers and other traders making their way in and out of the city. The group would only travel hidden by the trees or at night when there were wide open spaces. Marlin had trouble seeing at night so Alex held the end of his rod and led him over the dark lands. Shade made many comments that made Alex laugh as he led the pack by holding a stick.
Then one day as they were hiking through an easily navigable forest during the night was when Marlin said “We had best stop here for a time. We are close enough to be in the city in less than an hour. We should retire for the night.” Alex stopped along with Shade.
The sun was about to set as they located a small clearing surrounded by thick vegetation. Alex opened his deer-skin fur and Marlin took out his wool blanket. They didn’t dare build a fire because it could be spotted by someone in the city. The last thing they needed is to be spotted before they could join a respectable cause.

Just before it became light the three of them woke up and packed their things. There weren’t any options available to bring Shade with them and he realized it too. Alex slid on his mostly empty pack and water skins. He gave Shade a quick pat on his now massive head just before starting his journey into the city. He made it five steps when Shade said “Wait.”
Marlin stopped about fifteen yards ahead as Alex halted to speak. “What is it, Shade?” His tone was a calm empathy. He didn’t want to leave Shade alone.
His head straightened out and his golden eyes were guarded. “I know I cannot go with you or else cause panic with the many humans, but I wanted to say keep your guard up. We didn’t travel all this way just to get captured. Keep an eye on Marlin. He is strong and decent, but don’t give him unconditional trust…just yet. He isn’t proven reliable any further than speaking politely.”
“I will and I hope to come back with good news. Be safe, little brother.”
He grinned and his eyes became playful. “Bring me something sweet.”
“I will…later.”
Alex turned and began walking beside Marlin. Once Shade vanished from sight he asked what was said. Alex told him that he was worried about the two of them going in alone and finding trouble. Marlin understood Shade’s worry, but knew that he wasn’t told the entire truth.
They waited until it was clear to walk from the forest and onto the stone path. It was cool and very hard on Alex’s feet. He moved around any sharp spots in the stones. The last thing he needed was to cut the bottoms of his naked feet. The multitude of people on the road were traveling towards the city, each with their own personal goals. Most people were travelers, but some pulled their wares in wagons or as a caravan. Marlin and Alex passed few itemless beggars that made his heart break for most were taken as slaves, especially those who lost their item. Where he was from, everyone tried to help those in need, but at this moment the three of them needed savings that much more.
Then later, just like Marlin said, it was an hour when they found the first signs of the city. Alex paused for a moment to awe at the sight.
Trade City was surrounded by large walls made of stone pillars riveted together with wood and metal beams. Each pillar tip had been sharpened to keep fiends and intruders away. On the outskirts of the city were many homes and farms. As they continued to walk a large metal gate appeared in the distance. It swung inwards and held multiple torches on each gate door. It was the widest entrance Alex had ever seen. It could fit six wagons side by side and still have enough room to maneuver. Multiple stacks of smoke billowed over the three story walls and the city behind those walls were larger than one could imagine without seeing it with their own two eyes. As they made their way closer Alex noticed two attentive Royal Guards guarding either side of the gate. Marlin said to not hide their face or else they will stop them to get a better look. It gave Alex an idea.
Marlin was right, but Alex scared him half to death in his next stunt. Alex strode directly up to the sword wielding guard and asked when they closed the gates. The guard seemed kind enough and said that they closed an hour after dark and opened an hour before. His heart began to slow as they made their way down the road and after Marlin scolded him on how much of a fool he was. Inside the impressive city were several utility class workers cleaning the streets before the crowd became too thick. One person had a shovel and cleaned up after horses and other beasts of burden. Another woman in the street swept with a broom just like Kori’s daughter. She swept only once and mounds of sand and dirt were being blown to a man with a large and glossy green bag. Marlin and Alex watched in amazement as the man closed the bag and the bag itself shrunk down to a small sack about the size of their individual backpacks. It was amazing to see so many new items and how they were used for a variety of situations.
The buildings were mostly one or two stories, but they grew larger and taller the further one went inside the city. The city did have an odor, but it wasn’t too unpleasant; thanks to all of the florists and bakers that made up this part of the city. The city’s torches were slowly put out one by one and the relative emptiness of the city became crowded. The noise was originally calm and soon the market became loud and bustling. The sellers shouted to gain the customers attention. Marlin stayed by Alex’s side as they moved deeper into the city. Alex kept a hand over his money satchel just incase there were any specialists who excelled in thievery.
They searched all day, only to become frustrated when there weren’t any viable clues. At one time Alex was about to approach two men in strange red robes, but Marlin stopped him with a hand as a look of horror crossed his usual jolly personality. He explained “Don’t go near those men. They are Juguan priests and if the stories are true, they’ll end your existence for their foolish religion. Believe me, it’ll be the last conversation you’ll ever have in this life. They make the Royal Guard look kind and honest.” From that point on they gave ample room for the few bald priests within the city.
Eventually they went up and down each of the main streets and the alleyways in search for the elusive leaf pattern. They explored the entire southwest part of the city hunting for a fruit stand with a leaf over its eve. There were so many merchants and traders that things became almost confusing. Marlin and Alex stopped by a public well and cranked the bucket up that had drawn water. He helped Alex in refilling the skins and they also drank from the ladle that hung off the side. It was then that the hairs on the back of Alex’s neck first stood up. He looked around to find nothing out of the ordinary, but he decided it must have been his nerves playing tricks on him. He decided to let it go for the moment. Marlin used a copper piece to get them two rolls of bread and they ate the fresh meal off in the shade of one of the buildings. Alex sighed, thinking that maybe they were on a fool’s errand.
“Excuse me gentleman.” A well dignified man soon stood before them with a bearing of grace and hospitality. He wore a wealthy black suit, white gloves, polished leather shoes. In his suit was a gold chain hooked on the outside and led to something round inside his pocket. A breast pocket revealed a folded, blue handkerchief inside it. Grey hair crowned his scalp and was wrinkled from age. He wore a simple curled mustache which made him look dignified. He looked almost like a kindly grandfather, but he was more like a servant from one of the old books Alex read about. From the attire, the man’s master must indeed be wealthy.
The boy in black stood up from the shady spot and Marlin followed, but the man remained where he first spoke to not appear threatening. Alex asked “Is there something we might be able to help you with?”
He smiled pleasantly enough. “Maybe, but I believe my services will be of more assistance to you, I think, Young Sir.” He then slowly took off his right glove and showed off a hidden ring. “I thought you reminded me of someone I knew from long ago. In response to that uncanny resemblance I have followed you for the better part of an hour.”
Alex laughed and shook his head, without breaking eye contact. “Try again. You’ve only been following us for thirty minutes at most.”
“Ah, so you are correct, Sir. I am sorry for the misinformation. You are searching for someone with the symbol similar to this ring, correct?” Alex nodded and Marlin reached back and held his collapsed rod behind his back, ready to use at a moment’s notice if the need arose. “Well our mutual friend is now established along the northern road. He is now in a psychics shop at this time. He had to move a few months ago for certain reasons.” He smiled again. As he pulled the glove on he said “Good day, gentleman.”
Just as he turned to leave Alex stated and asked “My name is Alex. What might yours be, sir? And who do I remind you of?”
He smiled politely, but a twitch of the brow made Alex wonder what it meant. “Forgive my rude manners.” He bowed respectively. “My name is Kikren. I am the aid of Lord Gerieg. You reminded me of an old acquaintance, that is all. I hope we meet once again, farewell, Lord Alex.” With that, Kikren turned and blended in with the crowd. For a moment Alex thought Kikren seemed overjoyed, though his expression never altered after the initial twitch.
“What do you think? Should we believe him?” Marlin asked while still clutching his item.
“I haven’t a clue, but he didn’t seem to be malicious. It is the only reasonable clue we’ve gotten all day. If he was a Royal Guard, don’t you think we would be chained up right now?” Alex then placed a hand on Marlin’s shoulder. He made sure that no one was around or eavesdropping. “Relax. Think about it for a minute. If Takka is such a well known person in Freelan, don’t you think he will need to move quite regularly? He might even be on the guards watch list. Plus he’d have a bounty on his head if he has been recruiting for years.”
“I guess.” Marlin looked up. “We have two or maybe three hours before sundown. Do you want to check it out before then?”
“Nay, Shade is worried as it is and we need to get something first. We can check it out in the morning.”

It had become dark just as they reached the forest once again. Having a good judge of distance, Alex found the exact spot where they hopped on the road. Marlin was honestly impressed with such trailing skills, to say in the least. He was even complementing Alex’s night vision from time to time. Alex silently made his way through the tress while Marlin was less subtle.
When they returned to the small clearing Shade wasn’t there. Alex whispered to the darkness “Where are you?” and was answered by the insects and night animals all around them. Some of the animals said the predator left after sunup. Worry set in. Shade is always on time.
Then Marlin put a hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry so much. We both know he can handle himself in a tough situation. He might be out scouting or hunting for us. I have only known the two of you for a few weeks, but I can tell that neither of you will go down without taking your enemies with you.”
He sat down in the grass and Alex took off his pack to join him.
When it was past midnight and Marlin fell asleep he heard a branch snap. It brought Marlin wide awake and his pole was fully and instantly extended. “Who’s out there?!” He demanded.
“Alex, tell him to put that away.” and then a deep rumbling growl emanated from behind a large thorn bush. Alex told Marlin who it was and the pole retracted. Alex stood and looked at the bush. “Come out here, Shade. I have been worried sick about you, when we returned you were gone.”
The leaves rustled as he walked through a large bush. His eyes were joyful, he learned something new, but wouldn’t say just yet. “I’m sorry about that, but I have been doing something. I found a herd of deer earlier and I played around with them for most of the day. I didn’t come close to harming them, but I had fun…” His ears twitched and then he sniffed the air when a sweet scent wafted in his direction. “What is that delicious smell?”
“That would be your treat from the market. Would you like to see what I picked up?” His tailed blurred in answer.
Soon the backpack was opened up. It took both hands to remove the package from the backpack. The treats were wrapped in parchment because the inside was sticky. Sitting down to unwrap the presents, Shade walked forward. He tested the air with a twitching nose and his ears were listening to the crackling parchment with complete excitement. Once he completely unwrapped the package Shade’s sabers were already dripping with saliva. Two wooden stems were being held as a handle to turn the objects up for him to see more clearly. “These apples have been submerged in a sweet and sticky mixture. It was my favorite treat as a kid.” He reached his arm forward and said “Open wide and I’ll toss them in. It won’t taste as delicious if sand sticks to the coating.”
Shade stuck his tongue out and tested the sweet coating of one of the apples. The response he revealed was a pleased grin. He opened his maw and received his first successful catch and made all sorts of crunching sounds as he ate. He rumbled with pleasure for each bite until all that remained of the six apples were an empty piece of torn paper, afterwards he licked all the goodness off of it as well. He burped as he laid on his side. “I can see why they are your favorites. I wouldn’t mind a few dozen more, but I don’t want to get lethargic.”
When Alex told Marlin, they both chuckled.
A few hours later they traveled through the woods together. Since they were on the west side entrance of the city, and knowing a closer destination would be more beneficial, they skirted around the boarder to get to the northern side. While They moved through the woods Alex told Shade all about what they saw inside the city. Every now and then his eyes twinkled or he would grin. Alex wondered what he was planning, but didn’t ask because he would explain later. Whatever it was though, Alex was glad to see that he was looking forward to something. His patience would wait until Shade told them what he was up to.

They left the confines of the trees just as daylight broke the night’s hold on the sky. There were even more people entering from the north than from the west. The guards at the gates merely glanced at them as they entered the city again. This side of the city had mostly in-store businesses rather than peddlers or merchants. A few minutes later Alex spotted a clothing store and realized a disrespectful fact.
He looked down at his own old, tattered and well worn clothing. “Marlin, before we go find the psychic, let’s look at getting some new clothing. It wouldn’t be right to show up looking like haggard beggars upon our first encounter.” He looked at his own clothes and sighed. “Don’t worry. I have enough money to get both of us a new set. We need to work on our appearance.” He smiled and followed Alex inside. He couldn’t turn down new, and free clothes.
It cost three silver pieces in all, but it was all worth it. The material had been made for doing hard manual labor and was at the same level as Kori’s work. Alex bought and changed into a similar color style. He wore new black pants and a long sleeved tunic of the same color. He put his knife, belt and money pouch back on for this new apparel. Marlin now wore a dark blue half sleeved tunic and brown pants. He had used the belt loops in his pants to slide his item through.
Soon they’d look clean as well.
There was an open well in an inconspicuous spot, so they walked over and drew water. Marlin had only a small cake of soap remaining. Alex lathered his week’s growth of beard and used his un-dulled knife to shave. He loaned his blade and Marlin also groomed himself. After they left they found a soap and body bath seller and they bought ten unscented cakes and split them between the packs. Every now and then Alex felt like someone was watching him again, but then the feeling would vanish during a scan of the surroundings where no one was around.
With their restocking complete they walked down the main north road.

It took just over an hour until they located it. The store was pushed back and situated in the shadows between a butcher and a jeweler’s shop. It was a single story wooden shack that had a central door with a circular window in the door. Over the door showed a display. It was a painted white eye. In the central circle of the eye held a leaf pattern, identical to the one on their silver rings. Other than that, it seemed an unremarkable place and was easily overlooked by many who passed by. Marlin glanced at his ring and then to Alex. “So this is it?”
He crossed his arms and said “I hope it is.”
They sighed and walked past the road, down the short walkway and in front of the door. Alex grabbed the door and opened it.
“Welcome, Marlin. Takka will see you in a few moments.”
A woman sat behind a desk, staring into a crystal ball. The crystal ball looked to be giving off a faint green light that swirled inside the orb. She had long black hair, wrapped in a red scarf. Her nails were just the right length as she tapped the desk in a measured thrum. On her right index finger adorned the silver ring of Freelan. She was a beautiful woman who looked only a few years older than Marlin and himself. She was wearing a black top that showed off her ample bosom that rose and fell with each breath. She knew she looked stunning and allowed everyone to see her beauty.
Inside the room, it was mostly open with a row of ten chairs off on the left wall. There were two men and a woman already waiting ahead of the two of them. They all wore the same silver leaf ring. Off to the right of the seated woman was a wooden door in the back. The room smelled pleasant and behind the woman with the crystal ball, were four lit candles of different colors that saturated the room in their delicate scents. The ground was made from wood and remained in perfect condition. Alex didn’t feel any rough edges with his feet.
Marlin stood completely stunned from how she called him so suddenly and Alex became defensive. Was this a trap? “How do you know his name?” Her head immediately jerked straight up. She had hazel eyes that were shocked beyond belief. Her voice became guarded as she demanded “Who are you?!”
Walking inside, Marlin closed the door behind them. Her shout could attract unwanted attention. The other three people kept their eyes glued dangerously on Alex. He forced his voice calm. “I asked you a question first. Are you going to be rude to a customer? Now, how do you know my companion’s name?”
Her eyes narrowed and her voice didn’t change. “I am a level five weapon’s class seer. All who can see the future are categorized in the fifth level of weapon’s and that should be obvious. But I’m an exceptionally advanced seer by the normal standard. Time is fluid and constantly changes depending on a person decision or a group’s. I can see everyone’s past, present and future that comes in contact with me or my surroundings. When Marlin decided to join Freelan I immediately saw him in my crystal ball. I knew the exact moment he would open the door and I always speak the name of everyone who enters my shop.”
Now it was Alex’s turn and her eyes were impatiently waiting. His smile disarmed the tense atmosphere. “Thank you for clarifying that detail.” He lightened his tone to pleasant. “My name is Alex, and I too wish to join.”
She leaned back in her chair while looking slightly less cautious. “I’m Angie. Now I have always seen everyone who has come in here. I have never been mistaken over the immediate future, but it seems like your something I cannot see. Why is that? I didn’t see you coming and that scares me. It has never happened to me before. How do I know you’re not a specialist spy who can circumvent a seer’s item while trying to infiltrate our organization?”
“You don’t.” Her face didn’t flinch and remained impassive and wary. “How do I know this isn’t a trap to capture those who want to fight for freedom?” 
“You don’t.”
“That’s good enough for me.”
Alex turned and walked over to the waiting chairs. As he walked he saw Angie’s tight lips turn up at a corner. Apparently she approved of him.
Marlin was still stunned by the front door. He slowly walked over to sit by Alex’s side when he made a simple gesture. The other three people kept an eye on them, but they didn’t move nor say anything. Angie glanced at Alex once more before looking into her pulsating crystal ball again.
Ten minutes later a young adult, looking about their age, walked out of the back door seemingly relieved. She must have been accepted into the organization as she silently walked out the front door. Then the woman who was next in line stood up and walked in. Then the two men went inside together. It was an hour before they finally left. Alex tapped Marlin’s chest and he followed him up.
It’s our turn at last. They both thought.
Alex walked through first and there was a dark hallway. With the door shut behind them Marlin followed his footsteps. Nineteen steps were taken when Alex found another door. He knocked and on the other side a deep voice commanded “Enter.” The next room was a little more extravagant. Quaint paintings hung on the walls and a burning fireplace off to the back gave off an aroma of orange and hickory. An exquisitely crafted table situated between two settees in the center of the room. On the table was a teakettle and small cups for guests. The room smelled almost like his old home, it was welcoming.
On the furthest settee lounged a middle aged man with the darkest skin Alex had ever seen. His skin was the color of ebony, but he looked unthreatening. He had laugh wrinkles around his eyes and was well groomed. He was a stocky man with large hands. A wealthy suit covered his frame and he had several gold necklaces hanging over the front of his suit. In his right hand clutched a book, but one like neither of them had ever seen before. It looked to be made of a green metal and it was easy to realize it was an item. Dark, intelligent eyes followed them as they entered the room and shut the door. He leaned forward and gestured for them to sit. They left their things by the door before taking his offer.
While they moved, he leaned forward and poured tea in two cups.
Marlin sat first and looked slightly uncomfortable, but once Alex sat he moaned in relief. The seat was so soft and comfortable compared to living outdoors for over a month. Before the interview began they each took a cup and downed the aromatic contents with much pleasure. His voice was deep and he used an accent unlike any either of them heard before. “That feels good, ya?” Alex smiled and felt even more relaxed. “Angie said that there would be only one other person for me to see today.”
Alex regretfully sat forward. “That would be my fault apparently. She said she couldn’t see me coming.”
“Interesting,” Takka leaned forward and sat the book on his thigh. “Now tell me, why are you two here?”
“Because I want to make a difference in any way I can, and help to change the way our broken system works. Nothing is perfect, but there has to be a better way than what we are currently using. I want to live in a world where an individual can make their own decisions and not be killed because they won’t conform to the current reining society. We are all born free, but we’re shackled down by the king’s oppressive thumb.” Alex said in total honesty.
“The way you speak…are you a scholar?”
“Nay, but I like to read and learn whatever I can.”
“I ask, because men that look like you are used to hard physical labor and not versed in literatures.” He nodded to himself and then shifted his gaze to Marlin.
“Alex saved me from a squad who were intent on my head or forcing my enlistment. I owe him my life and I will use it protect him for as long as I’m able.” Alex sighed as he continued speaking unabashed. “I want to stay by his side and if he joins Freelan, I will too. I have seen how corrupted our lands have become and the teachings of sacrifice aren’t the only ways to help others. I’ve made up my own mind to do what I want and this is what I want.”
Takka leaned back and studied them. Though they were both young men he could see the hardships each have faced. “Those are noble ideals that you both share. Are those ideal’s worth dying for?” Neither said anything, but he could see their silent resolve. “Ya, I believe the two of you will do nicely in Freelan. There are many ideals and the main one we are striving for is freedom, hence the contracted name of what it was originally in freeing the land. You both meet the first criteria.” Then his tone became serious. “To join, you must be invited by a friend or a relative. Since you both are so young and new to my eyes, I’m guessing a relative told you about me.”
He laid his book on the table and pointed to it. “I need to verify if you were related to someone in Freelan. This book is my item. I am a level five specialist. Anything that has ever been written on parchment, I can read everything related to it instantly and only I can read the texts. That being said, I can easily tell if you have lied and are spies of the king. Do you wish for me to continue?” They looked at each other and nodded. “Very good. May I have your name and the one to whom you’re related to?”
“My name is Marlin. I’m the child of Egan and Alia.”
Takka grasped the book and brought the top of the book close to his lips. He whispered “Marlin, son of Egan and Alia.” The thin, green metallic parchment pages flashed white for an instant and then Takka opened the book. He began flipping through the pages while scrutinizing whatever it contained. “Ya, here you are. Marlin… you were recently been ordered two options, but something about a Shadow Fang and a mysterious man in black interfered with their retrieval of you.” He looked up. “Isn’t that correct?”
Marlin glanced at Alex and he barely nodded as he watched Takka’s body language and expressions. Takka seemed un-phased and unconcerned about what he has read. Alex took that what he had read was legitimate. But from how Takka carried himself said he was capable of winning a fight should they prove untrustworthy. Then as Takka moved his arm, Alex caught a silvery glint inside the right sleeve and realized he had a dagger hidden. But from Takka’s practiced movements he seemed used to sudden and deadly situations. Then there is the issue of his item. This man is even more dangerous if he can read any information ever written because knowledge is power. Marlin then said during Alex’s observations “That information is all correct.”
Takka then said “Well with this, you are now part of Freelan. Now just wait a moment.” He turned to look at Alex expectantly.
“Can it be my uncle who gave me this?” Takka nodded as he looked calmly at the old silver ring. “I’m Alex, nephew of Gambit the Red Soil.”
He closed the book and brought it up to his lips, then froze mid-movement. His dark eyes widened and awe was in his voice. “The Gambit is your uncle? Commander Gambit?” Alex nodded and wondered what his uncle was truly like if it gave Takka such a sudden reaction. “He was one of the few men I trusted with my life and called friend. He was a fierce warrior and protector. How is he faring?”
“His son Rakkel killed him two months ago.” His dark eyes were now completely surrounded by white. “I was there when it happened, but I couldn’t save him in time before a squad, led by Rakkel, executed him in front of our very home. Since then, we’ve been traveling to find you.”
Takka sincerely apologized and whispered to his book. “Alex, nephew of Gambit the Red Soil,” His eyes widened as he began to read. He didn’t mean to, but he whispered as he read. “Born itemless… Gambit retired to raise the two boys… execution order was granted to Rakkel…” Then he looked up at Alex with a dazed expression. “You killed a level five guard with your bare hands and were last spotted when a Shadow Fang surprised the squad after the execution order was carried out… You… How…?”
“Takka, breathe… Try and relax.” His words seemed to help and once he calmed Alex explained. “You don’t need all the details, but what you’ve read is probably correct.”
He swallowed thickly. “It seems you’re more… interesting than I first thought, ya.” He closed his dark eyes and rubbed his temples for several minutes. “By my authorization you are both accepted into Freelan.” He then stood and walked over to a wall painting. Lifted it up and pulled one piece of parchment from behind it. He sat down and the two of them could see that it was a vague map. He handed it Marlin. They studied it and it led towards the land of Alluan. “Study it.” Takka ordered. Once they did, he took it from Marlin’s hands and threw it straight into the fire. He was keeping the next place secret. “When you find an open plain, there will be only a large single tree for leagues around. Find the tree and wait under it until a captain comes to pick you up. He will take you to the final area.” He smiled brightly. “Now that you two know where to go, we can do other business.”
“What kind of business?” Marlin asked, looking a little more cheerful.
“I can tell you everything you want to know about a person for just a single piece of silver, per request. The money helps to pay off anyone who gets too nosy about my business practices. It is the main source of income for my business.”
Alex looked at Marlin and said “Go ahead and see about your brother. Don’t worry about the money.”
Alex had two that he wanted to know about so he pulled three silver coins and sat them on the table. Takka understood their meaning and waited for Marlin’s request. He steadied himself and told the name to Takka. He brought the book to his lips and whispered “Pirn of the Cold.” The book flashed and he opened it. After Takka read it he said “I’m sorry, but your brother has been transferred directly to the king’s royal palace in Ra’van a year ago and has remained there ever since. Apparently the king likes your brother’s ability to instantly freeze water into solid ice without sending men into the mountains to collect it. At least he is still alive, ya?”
Marlin fell back in the chair and sighed. Soon he smiled and vowed to himself. “As long as you’re alive, I’ll find a way to save you, Pirn.”
Takka looked at Alex and he told him the first name. “Rakkel the Listener,” He opened the book. “Your cousin has been issued a immediate transfer order to the royal palace two days ago. He is a real piece of work, this one. He likes subjugating and harming people…Definitely not Freelan material. The wording for his order’s are highly cryptic so he is probably going to receive special orders from the king himself. That is a guess on my part.” He admitted honestly. “Now who is the next person you’d like to know about?”
His heart began to leap as he requested “Lily of the Blood Moon.”
Takka grinned, catching the change in the tall, young man’s tone. He whispered her name and read the book. “You have picked a very peculiar person. She has a long service record for her age and the exploits she has done from her battles are bordering on legendary…until only recently. She is used to fighting alone because of her personality with the other members of the guard… She only recently began to question some of her superiors orders after claiming a friend killed a Shadow Fang with a stick? What kind of a fool would do that?”
“That would be me again.” Takka’s eyes widened once he realized that many events began connecting with this man. He had to keep an eye on this Alex for he seemed to be more interesting by the moment. “Don’t read any more into that. Tell me about her most recent events or maybe where she’s at right now.”
He nodded and began flipping through pages and more pages. Then his face turned down and became grim. “Alex, I’m sorry but she is in an extreme amount of trouble. Things don’t look too good for her.”
“What have you read!?” Something suddenly awakened inside Alex. His voice rang with clear authority which he’s never heard from himself. It was as if no one could disobey his command. It shocked both of the other men in the room as well. It was an odd feeling, but it vanished just as quickly as it surfaced.
“Her last mission was to exterminate a mother and five of her children because their father is a member of our group. Lily refused her order saying, and I quote ‘I will not be a mindless drone and be set upon to slaughter a helpless family of women and children. My friend won’t forgive me in the next life if we were to meet again. My answer is nay, General!’ The person who wrote this document really didn’t admire her and I am not going to reiterate what else is written.” Takka looked up at Alex precariously. “She killed her commanding general and was arrested after taking down another eleven others, it took six more level five warriors just to subdue her. She has been taken to the prisons of Central City in Gagiat for her crimes. She has been found guilty of disobeying a direct order and killing her commanding officer. She is sentenced to be beheaded in two and a half months from now, to demonstrate for everyone what it means to disregard an order and kill an official. I’m so sorry, Alex.” He closed his book.
Somewhere in the back of Alex’s mind he felt proud that she had freed the shackles of her mind and did the right thing. She had forever changed in that one meeting and in that promise to him she protected the mother and children by killing her superior officer. She killed to save the innocent. He could read between the lines on why she did what she did. But what her sentence is going to be…
In the most dominant of his thoughts was in knowing that she is going to be executed for doing the right thing. The leaders will use her as a sacrifice to keep subjugating everyone’s innate freedom. He thought. Alex’s pulse began pounding in his chest as strongly as when his uncle was executed. His blood started boiling and he felt the heat radiating off his face and body from the thought of her head being separated from her body. She was his first friend who still didn’t know much about him, but she still honored their parting wish. Even in their short meeting he had, in some way, changed her. She had become a friend he was completely proud of.
Sitting still wasn’t helping him at this moment. Alex had to release his aggravation in some way because his body began shaking violently from the building anger that seared through his veins. Something inside said he needed to move. He saw the stone fireplace and that was the answer to his release. He stood and walked over to the right wall. He brought his right fist back and forced it forward. Somehow he managed to punch straight into the solid stone like it was nothing more than firm cheese. His fist went almost through to the center of his forearm and the force made some of the stone, dust in a plume. He pulled his arm back while breathing heavily and the involuntary shaking was renewed. His eyes shut as his body begin to shake with even more frustration. He wasn’t shaking from fear, but for fear of his friend who would be dead in twelve weeks.
Nay! You won’t die. I won’t allow that fate to befall you, Lily. You will be rescued by me, alone, if that’s what it takes. Aye, I can do it. You will be alive and safe when next we meet. Nothing will stop me. Alex vowed.
When his eyes eventually reopened he turned around as the tremors slowly eased. Both Marlin and Takka were openly gawking at him. They were completely speechless and astounded by such violent actions and the sudden display of strength. Then Marlin’s eyes shifted to Alex’s right hand and that distraction gained his attention. Looking down, his fist was covered in gray dust and the knuckles were bleeding. Some drops of his blood were dripping on the exquisite flooring. He brushed off his arm and dusty sleeve with his hand. “I’m sorry about my outburst.” Alex said through gritted teeth because his jaw was clenched tightly together. If my jaw unlocked I’d bellow in a rage all over again. He thought.
Takka threw his head back and started laughing. His belly jiggled as his laugh caught continued on. “No need to apologize for hurting stone, ya? In fact I was more surprised at how strong you are. I’ve never actually seen a person do that to stone without their item.”
A minute later Marlin asked “Alex, what are you planning to do?”
He went through many possibilities for a few minutes, but only one seemed feasible. “I’m going to save her, but it will be close. Gagiat is at least a three to four month journey on foot, but if we ride we just might make it in time.” From the look in Marlin’s eyes Alex knew he would support the decision and stand beside him.
“Hold on for a moment.” Takka stood suddenly and Alex realized they were the same height. “What you are thinking will be suicide. What do you think you can do in front of the most guarded prison which holds the second largest establishment of Royal Guard’s? If you do this you will most certainly die.”
Alex placed his left hand on Takka’s shoulder. “If I don’t try, she will die as if I were the executioner’s blade. I will find a way. If we don’t take chances then why is Freelan even alive today? If I don’t try then I’d give up on a mission and my joining would be all talk without action.”
Takka shook his head and said “There was only one man as crazy as you are. Gambit really did raise a good man…”
The door flung open and Angie burst inside. “Takka! Something is wrong. The rest of the day I saw has disappeared and been replaced with an impenetrable haze. I don’t like it. We need to go…now!”
Takka remained calm as he moved away from Alex’s hand. His voice was calm and he again guessed Takka was used to the unexpected. “Alright we will all leave immediately.” He dug in his pocket. “But first I must give these away. Go ahead, Angie. We will meet in the usual safe-house.” She nodded and flew out of the room. He looked at the two of them and commanded “Hold out your hands.” Alex extended his left while Marlin stood and held out his right. Takka dropped one silver ring in each of their hands and gave a stern warning. “Give these rings to only those you trust. I can see that the two of you are smart enough to understand my meaning.” He then looked directly at Alex. “If you do somehow manage to liberate Lily of the Blood Moon and survive, I have seen how she has changed. If you want, you may allow her to join because I have deemed her worthy. If someone like her can break the bonds the king has placed on her then our cause will have gained a powerful ally. The choice is yours… now hurry and get as far away from here as possible.”
“Thank you.” Marlin also agreed with a quick nod.
Alex slid the new ring inside his pocket just before he picked up his things and put them on. He began walking down the hallway with Marlin and Takka close behind. In the main room both Angie and her crystal ball were already gone. Soon all three of them walked through the front door and out into the light. Once the three of them made it to the road Alex’s heart began pulsating from what he saw.
Coming down the road was a platoon of Royal Guards and all could easily tell that all but four were of the weapon’s class. Twenty five to thirty were in the entire platoon and most were men, but some were striking female warriors. They were walking down the street like a menacing curtain of red. Their boots clopped down the stone road in unison and the sounds echoed off the buildings ominously. The civilians on the street hurried to get out of their way. They were on a mission and Alex knew they were searching for something or someone. He couldn’t think of another reason why there were so many in a single troop moving in such a way. They were a death squad.
Since they were still over three hundred yards away Alex looked back at the others. “Takka, this is where we must part. Be safe and don’t get caught.” He smiled and casually strolled off without a care in the world. Takka rounded a corner and disappeared. He looked at Marlin and said “Let’s go.”
Walking normally away, Alex felt the stones under his feet were warm from the full day’s direct sunlight. Marlin moved naturally by his side, but his eyes darted in worry. They crossed the street and turned down another street corner. Once they were alone he told Marlin cautiously “If we are going to save Lily in time, you need to go buy a horse.” Alex untied the satchel from his belt and handed it all over to him. Marlin was shocked at what unfolded, but still walked next to his friend. “There will be just enough to buy a single worthy traveling horse. Get the very best that you can because we are going to ride; hard. Do whatever you must and meet me where we left Shade this morning. The quicker you meet up with us the sooner we can leave.”
“But what about you, Alex? We need to stick together. I won’t break my oath to be your shield. I need to guard your back.”
Alex stopped suddenly in the middle of the street and set his gray eyes firmly upon Marlin. He did his best to control the tone of his voice from the fury building within. “Marlin, I am a grown man who can take care of himself. I know you’re resourceful enough to get a steed. Go quickly, I cannot lose Lily.”
His blue eyes appraised his friend and he then knew he was stalling. Alex was truly worried for this woman. He put the last of their money in his pocket and took different paths at the next intersection.
Alex’s mind continued racing while he walked at a casual pace. He couldn’t think of anything except for the coincidences that correlated since the day he first met Marlin, he was among a group of guards and now today a large force of them just happened to show up that close to Takka on the day they met. There are no such things as coincidences. It felt like Shade was right about Marlin because no one other than he knew they were going to see Takka, except for Kikren, but he told them where to find Takka. Trickery, that seemed the only logical answer. Alex didn’t want to think that Marlin gained his trust so that he could use Alex to get close to Takka, but he didn’t have any clues to defend him with. He knew he gave away all of his money, but Alex needed time alone to himself. It afforded him time to set up some contingency plans, if in fact Marlin was a traitor.
Are you a spy, Marlin? If you are, then I have no choice, but to kill you.
The hairs on the back of Alex’s neck began to point straight up in warning. He could sense that he was being followed. It was strange because he could feel both a benevolent and a malevolent presence in pursuit. The city street before him was holding less and less customers the further down the unknown road he walked.
Chancing a glance over his shoulder he saw a shadow move on the ground and when he looked up he saw a clothes line flapping with the winter breeze. A few minutes later he heard the same uniform clopping noise, from earlier, approaching from behind. His pulse started climbing when he saw the group of Royal Guards rounding a corner; not even one hundred yards behind him. He didn’t run until he rounded the next corner. Then stopped and cursed. It led into an open courtyard completely isolated and it held nowhere to escape. He was flushed out like a deer to be hunted and found only a cliff blocking his way to freedom from the hunters. Death couldn’t be avoided.
There wasn’t any way for Alex to turn around, so he continued walking, hoping for a solution to escape. The courtyard was paved in stone just like all the roads in the city were. There were several benches that lined the stone city wall. The courtyard was half covered in shadows and small toys were scattered around a place where children come to play. The bench seats looked comfortable so he sat in the one in the center to think, since there wasn’t an escape. Before Alex sat he took his pack off and laid it between his legs, pulled out the knife from his pocket and opened it. He grasped it in his left hand because his right one was still a sore and damaged from striking the wall. He hid the blade under his sleeve so that it wouldn’t be seen should the situation turn badly. He rested both arms over the back of the bench and tried to look relaxed. His heartbeat wasn’t sporadic any longer because it now hammered with only a cold rage and determination. It was these kinds of guards who killed my uncle and who had given an execution order for Lily’s head. I’d finally get some justice for them both.
Another part hoped beyond all reason they weren’t following him, but his hopes were proven false. The regime clopping of boots continued getting louder as they came down the hall, choking out the only escape. Many bobbing heads appeared at the corner, coming in a single direction. They walked with a purpose and it was their every intention to scare everyone, it worked, but Alex’s anger helped mask the clawing fear. All of their expressions were cold and emotionless. This group was specially trained and were experts at killing.
Once the entire group made their way in the courtyard, they began to spread out, shoulder to shoulder. Alex took the time and counted a total of nine-and-twenty Guards and included the five hidden in the back. Each guard in the straight line had their hands on the multitude of weapon items that would all easily kill Alex, but panicking wouldn’t help the situation. Most warriors carried some form of sword or axe, but one had a golden bow with a quiver of arrows that seemed to rapidly multiply in the quiver until it filled to capacity. Two of the men were twins and they each carried a single moving rope, they were trappers, should he choose to run, they’d throw it and trip Alex up.
He smiled and asked calmly “Is there something I might be able to help you with, gentlemen?”
“Perhaps.” A person behind the line asked in a strong male voice. “By any chance, do you know where Takka has disappeared to?”
“Who’s Takka?” Alex’s innocent voice was convincing, even to himself.
“Oh, come now. He was that strange dark fellow. Tell us where he is.”
“What’s in it for me if I knew who you spoke of?”
The voice turned menacing. “You may keep your head.”
Alex smiled. “If I’m to bargain properly, I must see who I’m talking with.”
“Very well.” Two men in the center separated to allow the person he spoke to, to come forward.
Alex’s eyes widened when he saw who led the warriors. It was none other than the blacksmith who made his new knife. This time he was wearing a red shirt. His hair was slicked back. The man before Alex moved like cold death. Once he made it a step closer in his direction the two men behind him closed the gap once again. His arms were sleeved in crimson, but Alex remembered how large they were at his shop. He was not a weakling. His oval hammer was belted at his waist and it happened then that Alex put all of the random pieces together.
Alex stayed in the same position since the forger was at least twenty paces away from him, once he finally stopped. His voice remained informal. “Ah, Mr. Blacksmith, I wanted to let you know how well your blade has served me.”
His coldness melted into a prideful smile as he bowed. “I did tell you it keeps its edge forever.” Then his expression became cold once again.
“But you forgot to tell your customers one very important detail.” The burly blacksmith tilted his head questioningly. Alex took it as a sign to continue. “You didn’t tell them about the third ability your hammer possesses. You can forge and keep your works edge, but you failed to mention that you can track your wares wherever they go. The knife I have is really a locater for you. That really isn’t a proper way to lie to your unsuspecting customers.” The random circumstances weren’t Marlin’s fault, but completely his own. If it weren’t for my ignorant actions I wouldn’t be in this unfortunate situation. Alex thought.
“Very good. Your skilled when it comes down to deductive reasoning, aren’t you. I must say though, that you are only the second person who understood my item’s true unique ability without me giving them a proper explanation.” His voice remained hollow as he asked “Now where is Takka? I will not ask again.”
Alex laughed which actually startled ten of the guards. “He is long gone by now. I would suggest that you try to scam some other person and hope that they lead you to him again.”
“Seize…!”
Before the knife maker could finish his next word Alex instantly flipped his wrist and threw the knife directly at its maker. It was a perfect pitch and thrown with a blinding speed. He couldn’t avoid the heave as it implanted itself directly in his heart. His eyes widened as he looked at the black handled wood protruding from his chest. Alex slowly stood up and smiled. “Next time we see each other will be in the next life and I’ll give you a more proper thrashing. You made the wrong choice coming after me.” As he dropped to his knees the twenty five lined guards started closing the distance while drawing their weapons all at once. Alex balled his fists ready to take them all on alone and hoped to take a few down. He knew Marlin was alright, but would he go after Lily in his stead? Alex knew not.
Then something happened to stop their charge instantly.
A deafening howl erupted in the courtyard.
The sound echoed off the walls and seemed that they were coming from multiple sources and being amplified. The murderous guards stopped to look at one another in surprised confusion. Then a massive shadow moved below them and some looked up to see what was casting it to see nothing above. The shadow came directly after Alex from the left side of the courtyard, but he could feel no malice towards him coming from it. It stopped right in front of Alex and the shadow seemed familiar somehow. It reminded him of the night he first met and rescued Lily. Then came the sounds of a primal growl that sent a chill up everyone’s spine and it emanated from the very shadow that casted itself.
Then the shadow began to change and Alex’s heart beat with joy as a familiar shape began rising from the shadow.
The first thing to reform out of the shadow was a large muzzle with long menacing sabers, ready for battle.
A massive head with golden eyes were pulling easily from the ground while its ears were flat against its head. The head was followed by an immense and impenetrable body of black fur and deadly claws; that were as thick as a man’s finger. It was as if the creature just walked out of water instead of a shadow.
The creature was Alex’s younger sibling, Shade.
He could now use his trademark ability of the Shadow Fang species. He could move through the shadows.
They were together again.





Chapter 8

Shade now stood between Alex and the unquestionably frightened Royal Guards, who were just about to kill his only remaining family. Because of his enormous and solid form and bristling fur Alex could only see five of the eight-and-twenty remaining executioners. Sleek black fur stood on end and his coat shone a brilliant onyx from the direct sunlight. What they were about to do was dishonorable. A fight should be one on one, but their numbers were still too great for the two of them alone to deal with and survive. His claws had become coated with his clear liquid neurotoxin. The courtyard still vibrated from his murderous growl. His ears were flat against his head and his sabers looked ready to be used on any who were foolish to approach another step. His head was aimed directly at the guards, but he spoke to his brother. “Alex, get your things and get on. Let’s get out of here before the shock of my arrival wears off.”
With the blind he provided, Alex spun, slid the pack and two full water skins over his right shoulder. He then crouched down, placed his palms on Shade’s back and leapt with everything he had. He landed in the center of Shade’s back and held onto the loose fur between his shoulder blades.
Ready, Alex yelled “Shade, GO!!!”
The guards fell back in another shock after hearing their target’s howl and Shade took the advantage by running straight through the center of them. He put his head down and plowed into one guard and sent him off to the side of the courtyard. Shade ran over the dead blacksmith with easy strides and cleared the corpse without needing to jump. The three guards who were hiding in the back were healers and the forth was their only specialist. The specialist began screaming into an orange oval device in his hand and Alex knew he was calling in more reinforcements. He yelled. “Shade, kill the specialist!”
Shade instantly made a minor adjustment to his course and aimed directly for the specialist, who was screaming into his paw. Alex prepared himself for the attack and clamped his legs together against Shade’s sides and tightened his grip on the loose fur. Shade jumped and extended his claws forward. His massive muzzle opened and the guard’s eyes were wide eyes understanding this was his end, there wasn’t any other alternative.
Without slowing his momentum, Shade pierced the man’s chest with his claws and broke his neck, once the man’s head fell between his teeth. Shade instantly released the man and continued running down the narrow passage. He turned left once they made it to the corner and didn’t slow his stride. He actually moved even faster once their way was clear.
“We need to get out of the city. Marlin will meet up with us tonight.”
“I know the way. I memorized all the roads while you were inside that den.” Shade admitted and Alex suddenly realized he had been the one following them all day. It was a relief knowing that he had been there for him yet again.
“You saved me again, Shade.”
He continued to run as he admitted “We’re not out of peril yet. Hold on tight, Alex!” He did so as Shade rounded another corner at a blinding speed.
Running in this way was unlike anything Alex ever felt before. Shade’s strides were lithe and weren’t as jarring as he once suspected, it was much easier and faster than riding a horse. Soft fur offered support where it was most needed for a male rider. It felt like they were physically of one body from the way they seemed to be moving. They were swift and agile hunters and none could stand in their way. Shade’s ribs would contract as his back legs propelled him forward and he would inhale as his front legs landed or as he made alterations to his direction he’d take a deep breath and force it out in an explosive turn. His head remained straight and alert as he focused on escaping, to save both of their lives. Sharply attuned ears were pointed up and listened to everything because danger was imminent and could be around every corner. It was essentially effortless to ride on his back. Alex felt as invincible as Shade’s fur while riding.
Rounding the next corner revealed this road was bustling with people, once again. Shade pushed on like they weren’t there. Once the crowd realized what came barreling towards them, they all screamed and fled for safety. Having the height advantage, Alex gave Shade directions and he abided them without question. Once there was a mother and child who couldn’t get out of the way and Shade easily vaulted over them. She remained in the center of the street, completely stunned and the babe cried in her arms. If there wasn’t possible danger around every corner they’d have had a good laugh from the sight.
The next corner Shade turned onto was the main street. He made it around the corner and ran as quickly north as he could. People continued to flee and they could barely hear the peoples screams any longer. Their heart continued pounding in exhilaration as the city walls in the distance approached. Something behind Alex caught and retained his attention. It was a single squad of Royal Guards all approaching on horseback.
“Shade, were being followed by more guard’s on horses”
His made a quick glance behind and grinned. He looked forward again and stated “No ground animal alive can outrun a Shadow Fang!” With that said he leaned forward and his strides became longer, more powerful and his speed increased threefold. The squads started falling back rapidly because they couldn’t keep up with Shade’s innate speed.
The two gate guards spotted them since they were larger than your average person, even riding horseback. They didn’t understand what was happening and were confused by the panicking crowd. By the time they decided to close the gate the two brothers were already too quick and too close to be stopped.
Shade and Alex just about flew through the half opened gate. They ran down the stone road and the few travelers and caravan’s who saw them screamed as they fled into the woods for safety. Little did they know that in a different situation the trees would offer barely negligible protection. Once it was clear that they weren’t being followed Shade dove into the trees.
They safely survived escaping the city. With that thought Shade began to relax and slowed to a trot.

Once they found the clearing they used early this morning Alex jumped off and started laughing. Shade caught on and started barking amusingly himself. When they finally calmed they both laid on the grass together to feel the relief of escaping the hostile situation. Shade was still only breathing deeply and evenly even after such a stressful run.
“Now, I saved you, Alex. We got out.” He grinned playfully.
Alex smiled and changed the subject. “When did you learn you can move through the shadows? What is it like?”
He grinned and barked. “I learned to use my ultimate ability only yesterday. I felt something change inside of me…like being unbound or released from a burden. When you left yesterday I felt a sensation lift off my chest a few hours later. I felt free. Then it was like I could actually feel my shadow that was cast below me. I touched my shadow and my paw actually went into it. And then I found out that I can absorb my entire self in my shadow to travel through any surface whether it is flat or vertical. My physical substance becomes incorporeal, but to remove myself from my shadow I need a surface large enough to crawl out of. It almost felt like water when I would play with you in a stream or a lake. It really does feel’s cool like water as well, but there isn’t any resistance. When I’m in my shadow I can see things like I do right now. And I also learned that I can dive into my shadow or walk on its solid surface or somewhere in between. It is effortless to make the choice. I thought it would take a lot out of me, but it doesn’t. I can move as easily through the shadows as I can up here.” He smiled even more brightly and shook his head. “That was why I was late last night. I was using my ability to play with the herd of deer. I used them as practice and I was glad I did.”
“I am too. If it wasn’t for your new ability I would be dead in the courtyard, right this very moment.” Alex admitted, rubbing his brother’s head between his ears.
“Speaking of dead,” His large golden eyes twinkled. “That was a great throw with the knife. I didn’t understand what you said, but I was proud of your action.”
“Since you didn’t understand I’ll explain.” Alex explained about how he met the blacksmith at the market when they first made it to the mainland, and how his item can track his wares. “It was me he was using to find Takka. I was glad that we managed to split up and not get caught together.”
Looking Shade directly in the eyes he said “Marlin was innocent and I thought he was the spy. I will need to apologize properly when he gets back.” Alex then explained to him what he told Marlin to do.
“Why does he need a horse?” He then scratched his ear with his back paw.
His sigh couldn’t be stopped. “Because Lily will be executed soon,”
Shade’s gold eyes became instantly serious, ears pointed up in attention. “What has happened to your mate?” he asked in cool anger.
“That is what I needed to speak to you about. She saved a woman and her children by killing her superior. In two and a half months she will be lost to me, forever. We will need to travel a great distance and I know I can count on you and Marlin to help me.” He nodded in absolute brotherly loyalty. “Like you did today, I will need you to carry me there. Marlin is getting a horse so he could keep up with us. It will be the only way that we can make it there in time. Was it difficult to carry me earlier?”
“I didn’t even know I was carrying you actually. I barely knew you were even riding on my back, but it felt right oddly enough. You were weightless to carry. Don’t worry, Alex. I’ll get you there in plenty of time to save your female. When do we depart on our journey?”
Thinking was the easy part and doing would be the true difficulty. “When Marlin show’s up with the steed, I’ll explain the plan.” Alex stood up and found a dirt patch. “Give me time to think.”
Shade went silent as he began drawling in the sand.

It was well into night when something was heard approaching from the woods. The noise of rustling leaves and snapping branches became louder. Shade and Alex knew it was big because of the sound its feet made. Shade growled if it was an intruder. Soon they heard “Alex, are you in there?”
“This way, Marlin,” Then he told Shade it was alright.
Soon he was the first one to enter the clearing and held a leather lead rope. Behind him emanated a sound of snorting and heavy breathing. As he continued to pull, a magnificent steed entered the flame lit clearing. The horse was definitely male, young and proud. He had a similar size as Shade, but with a longer neck and face to appear larger. On his back resided a simple padded cloth saddle and Marlin’s pack. His ears were straight up and alert and his nose flared when he caught a scent he didn’t like. Its long brown mane was brushed to the side of his neck and his short hair remained chestnut. It had a wide chest and large muscles suited to travel vast distances with relative ease. This steed was undoubtedly in his youthful prime and used to hard work. Its hooves were newly shoed. Large eyes surveyed everything and once he saw Shade he reared and neighed. His frightened voice exclaimed “Predator!!!”
Just as the horse ripped the lead rope from Marlin’s shocked hands, Alex’s throat tickled and changed again. He ordered the horse to “Stop!” He obeyed, with obvious distaste and reluctance as he looked Alex in the eye. He was frightened so the situation needed to be alleviated. “Shade, will not hurt you. He isn’t hungry. My name is Alex. What is yours?”
“A human can speak to me?” Alex nodded and noticed the disbelief in his large brown eyes. “My name is Clift. Why are you not running from the predator?” he snorted again while his hooves pranced in preparation to flee.
“Because he is my family. Now please come over here and stop being rude.”
He snorted angrily and threw his head back in a dignified manner. Clift slowly made his way closer to Alex. Off to the side of the small clearing Marlin was standing next to Shade and only one of them looked confused. “What do you want Human?” Shade could understand what both Clift and Alex said. So animals can understand different species, but why can’t humans?
“Tell me something, were you born in the wild or raised in a stall?”
His eyes lit with indignation as he snorted again. His front hooves dug into the soil. “I was a wild colt until humans forced me into submission.”
“Would you like to be free once again?” His eyes widened at such words. “I can see you hunger for freedom. No one should be used and sold like food or something inanimate. You are alive, proud, wild and I can see that you want to be rid of us humans as soon as possible.”
“That is true.” His tone became business like. “What will be the cost of my freedom?” Clift said while gnawing at the metal spade bit in his mouth. Alex could see where old scars, around the mouth, have healed from the inhumane torture device. He was forced to wear a spiked spade bit.
Alex stepped up to Clift’s face and he became immobile. He found the clasp and opened it. It took a minute to take off the leader and the bit. As they dropped on the ground Clift neighed and played with his freed mouth. Hope rekindled in his brown eyes. Alex stepped back and waited for him to settle down. “Clift, the cost of your freedom will be to carry my companion to a single destination. It will be a two and a half month journey and it will most likely be the most dangerous job of your life. You will need to keep up with Shade and myself. I need to hurry and save someone important to me and it will require your assistance. Once we reach our final destination you are free to go about and do as you like. Do you accept my terms?”
It didn’t take long for Clift to give an answer. “I accept your terms and I request one of my own. Do not put that thing in my mouth ever again. I will stick with your group until my task is completed. If I fail in my task the predator can have me.” He raised his head again proudly and Shade smiled, in arrogant acknowledgement or possibly hopeful ambition. Either way the group would benefit.
“Thank you, Clift. We will be leaving very shortly. In the mean time you may graze to your heart’s content.” He nodded and dropped his head to the grass and started eating, but always left one eye on the predator.
Alex turned towards Shade and Marlin. Shade understood what was said, but Marlin seemed left out. He walked up and explained about the agreement and Marlin understood. “I have come up with a plan and I need to get your input and advice.” And Marlin said that it would be fine.
As Clift ate, Shade, Marlin and Alex walked over to the drawling in the sand. A fire close by was lit so Marlin would be able to see. In the sand Alex drew the map that he remembered from the book that his uncle had given him. Marlin seemed truly impressed at how well drawn it was along with all of the small details. So Alex began talking about his plan to Marlin since he had already explained the particulars to Shade. “We are here at the north side of Trade City in Nicronane. I have calculated that it will be extremely close, but we might be able to make it just in time to save Lily. She is being held here in Central City.” Alex pointed with a stick. “We will need to find a way to cross the Warp River and travel through the Ruler’s Forest…”
“Hold on a moment!” Marlin stopped the rehearsed explanation. “Do you even know about the two forbidden forests?” He shook his head honestly and it made Marlin sigh heavily. “Since you are from the islands and not from around here, I’ll explain to you what I’ve learned.”
Marlin began telling a short story. “The two main forbidden forests are the Ruler’s and Widow’s. No one attempts to go inside those borders because the place is truly cursed. Any human foolish enough to go inside won’t ever come out alive again. The forbidden forests are said to house more fiends than any other land and most of those fiends aren’t as pleasant as our friendly Shadow Fang. There is even some who believe that the trees might also be alive, but usually those men drink so much that they cannot truly be relied upon. I think that this might really be a suicide mission, just like Takka said back in his shop.” Marlin truly believed what he was saying and was honestly scared of the presented option.
Alex leaned back and smiled. “It might be, but that won’t stop me from at least trying.” Marlin was stopped short at hearing such a tranquil voice. “If we go around the forest we will be too late. It would take over three months if we rounded the forest; just to remain safe from superstitions. But it also means we’d be more vulnerable to being spotted. I know just how worried you are and your fears are understandable, but I’m going.”
He went silent for several minutes, after he stood up and began pacing.
Alex thought: Marlin I know you’re worried and afraid of the unknown, but if we don’t take chances we’d never be able to do anything that held any significance in our lives. Shade’s with me, but he is the only one who doesn’t have much to fear because of his natural gifts. Clift is going because he wants to gain his freedom, no matter the cost. I’m going because I care for my friend, but will you leave just because it frightens you?
Marlin stopped and looked at his new friend with a relaxed expression. His voice became composed and that was surprising. “I will go with you.”
“Then we must be off as soon as possible.”
“Wait…” Marlin began digging in his pockets. He then pulled out Alex’s flat satchel as he walked up to him. Marlin’s expression was drawn and his voice turned almost completely silent. “I’m sorry, but all I could save you was four silver pieces. The horse I got was the best I could afford from the stable master. I couldn’t haggle for one better.”
Alex took the bag and handed over the last four silver pieces. The last of his uncle’s inheritance was now Marlin’s. A confused expression was almost constantly in place as Marlin traveled with his new companions. They never did anything like he expected. Alex explained the reasoning for giving him the remaining money “That is for getting an understanding and a strong horse. Clift is the best steed that I have ever seen and will do nicely for us. He is honorable. The coins are payment for the trouble you had to go through in retrieving him. Now let’s get going.”
He then slid the empty satchel in his pocket. Alex was grateful that his uncle saved so much silver. It felt like Gambit aided him one last time. He smiled knowing that Gambit just gave him a way to save his very first friend. Uncle, your sacrifice will help save one more life, which is guaranteed if we succeed in this endeavor. Guide us if you see fit because I know you are always with me. He thought.
“Clift,” He raised his head up and his ears turned to the strange human. “It’s time to get going. Follow us.”
Alex picked up his bag and put it on with a water skin. He handed Marlin the other and he slid it over his shoulder. The fire was smothered by dirt before leaving through the darkness. Shade silently walked by his side and Marlin and Clift walked behind them.
Once they found the stone road heading north they continued walking. It was too dark for a swift journey and no one saw any other travelers along the path. Clift clopped behind everyone while keeping alert. As they all walked Shade impatiently asked “Why aren’t we running yet?”
“Because neither Marlin nor Clift are capable of seeing in the darkness as easily as we can. Once it starts lighting up, we will run then. And we won’t try to hide any longer.” Shade couldn’t help himself as he imagined no longer being stealthy. Clift and Marlin asked the same thing and Alex told them exactly what he said to Shade. They didn’t like what was said, but they knew he had a reasonable reason for pacing them in their nightly stroll. The last thing they needed was for Clift to break a leg if his hoof fell in a hole he couldn’t see coming.

A few hours later Marlin walked up, looking quizzical. “After I bought Clift for you, something strange happened inside the city. I saw many people looking scared out of their wit’s end. And it was difficult to leave the city for several hours because the Guard closed the gates. The crowds were gathering all around the street. I asked what had happened and someone said that a fiend got inside the city and killed some Royal Guard’s. Did you see what happened?”
So the government was already covering up what truly happened yesterday. “Before I’ll answer that, I need to apologize to you.” Alex looked at him and he tried looking back. “When I first saw the death squad coming in our direction I thought you staged it all so that you would befriend me and find a way to lead them to Takka and deal a blow to my dreams and that of Freelan. I thought maybe when I rescued you it was just an elaborate rouse. I gave you all my money so that I had time to think, alone, and if it was true that you were a traitor, I would leave and find a way to kill you because you knew of the next meeting spot.” Marlin seemed only mildly shocked at such honesty. “After you left I thought I managed to evade the guards, but I was completely mistaken. When I first made it to the mainland I met a peddler selling knives that never dulled. I needed a better blade and bought it, unknowing of the consequence beforehand. The blacksmith didn’t tell me that the knife was also a locater.” Alex sighed from his ignorance when shown a shiny bauble and buying it without thinking. “The conclusion you have already figured out was that I was the one who ignorantly led the guards to Takka. I also believed that night when we found you, it was also my fault because I wasn’t too far from your home. They were most likely tracking me even back then.”
Alex stopped and sincerely stated “I’m sorry for all the pain you suffered and hope that you’ll one day forgive me.”
Marlin and the others stopped. Three silent sets of silent eyes fell on Alex. Marlin went silent while he contemplated the sincere words. A few soundless seconds later felt like an eternity. He placed a hand on Alex’s shoulder. “It wasn’t your fault. It would have happened sooner or later and I enjoy this odd bit of company. I have lived by myself for far too long and I like having someone to talk with. You’re forgiven.” Alex breathed a sigh of relief as Marlin put his arm down. “You still don’t have that knife still on you?” Marlin smiled like a content child.
“Nay, and that is where the other part of the story comes into play.” He smiled as he learned how the blacksmith was killed. He whistled when he learned Shade could use his species special ability too. He was also proud that Shade killed a specialist before more reinforcements could come to the aid of the platoon. He laughed even harder as Alex told him about running through the crowd, perched upon Shade’s back.
Once the explanation was finished, they began walking once again. Alex asked “You know this land better than I do. Are there any hidden, less traveled roads we could take and any bridges we might need to cross?”
He thought silently for almost an hour while they continued moving north northeast. Marlin startled them all by smacking the heel of his hand to his forehead. “There is a trail almost a half a day’s ride that rarely has traffic and only the locals know about it. It leads to a bridge that is made of stone. It has been over ten years, but I still remember it.”

Once the sun first began lighting the sky it was time to put on some speed. While Marlin situated himself comfortably upon Clift’s back, Alex leapt atop Shade and he didn’t flinch, taking the full weight. Alex adjusted his pack as he grabbed the fur on Shade’s shoulders. Marlin used the stirrups to support his legs. He took his hands and grabbed either side of Clift’s mane, to keep himself erect. Shade and the others looked at Alex and he ordered “Let’s move.”
Shade began running at measured pace. Clift also gained a rhythm as his hooves clopped loudly behind them. The cool morning air began to sting his face, but it was keeping him awake. The continuous sounds of the running became like a primal beat, preparing oneself for a fight. In a way they were. They were about to reveal themselves to the world in the attempt to save Lily. They were about to defy the law of the land in an unprecedented way.
Just like yesterday on the road, when people saw them they would flee into the forest for some kind of natural safety. Some remained still because of the shock of what they witnessed. It was unheard of seeing such a display. They charged by person after person and caravan after caravan. Shade and Alex took the lead position with Marlin and Clift running right behind. They continued running past so many people going towards the city, for business of their own. Shade’s eyes were focused intently on what laid ahead and nothing would slow him down or get in his way. They were on a mission to save an important person that wanted to live as free as they did. Shade was as determined as his brother, as they headed to Lily’s rescue. They just had to make it.

When it was almost midday, Marlin suddenly yelled over the sounds of Clift’s clopping “Alex, the path is off to your right!”
Shade slowed some as Alex told him what Marlin said.
Soon there was a small trail off to the right, and it headed due east. It was almost completely hidden between two large pine trees and a large shrub. Shade noticed it as well and turned onto the dirt path. His companions followed without falling behind. For over an hour they didn’t see the first sign of human habitation. Marlin was correct about this path.
An hour or so later Alex made a request to his sibling and he nodded. As he smelled the air for a source, Alex searched around since he was in a higher position. A few minutes later Shade said “Found it.” and turned into the trees while Alex motioned for the others to follow. Since Shade slowed to walk in the forest Alex slid down and walked by his side. Marlin did the same with Clift.
They came upon a fast moving stream just as Shade’s ears perked. They took over an hour to get a drink, refill the skins, relieve themselves, and eat a snack. As Shade relaxed in the grass Alex rubbed his large muscles because he couldn’t afford for Shade to get a cramp. Clift ate some fresh green grass while Marlin also rubbed out his muscles. Once everyone was well rested they began running once again.

It took almost five days to reach the bridge Marlin spoke of. During the day they would run and at night Marlin would fish for them, when they found a stream or lake. It helped because Shade was usually too tired to go out and hunt. They came upon a large berry bush and ate the thumbnail sized berries. They all ate as many as they could and threw in as many they could hold inside their packs. The terrain of those days began to slowly change from a thick forest and into almost grassy plain, but trees were still scattered. They stuck to the old worn trail so they wouldn’t get lost. And during those days they only spotted a single person along the path and he didn’t even know they were there thanks to Shade’s impeccable sense of smell and stealthy tactics.
The stone bridge before them crossed over the Warp River. The bridge was colored with green moss and worn from age and nature. It wasn’t a wide bridge, but it was long enough to reach the other side. The river was flowing towards the west and was colored a clear brown. Alex didn’t know what was swimming in the water or how deep it went, but he knew it would be dangerous to swim across it in ignorance. The risk wasn’t worth it.
The bridge didn’t appear too safe so he dismounted and began walking across first as a test. The stone’s surface was still cold because the sun barely peeked over the treetops. Alex made his way slowly across the walkway and felt that it was sturdy. Soon the others crossed without incident.
They then continued their journey and continued northeast.

The terrain changed from a dry plain and into a damp and muggy swamp over the next six days. When they eventually stopped and dismounted Alex noticed Marlin’s hesitant expression. One hand clutched his item while the other held the shaking arm. His blue eyes darted from side to side as he peered into the thick trees that laid before them. His light brown hair blew from side to side because the wind had picked up. His jaw was tightly set and his nose flared slightly. His eyes shifted to Alex as he walked in his direction. “What do you need, Alex?” His tone was flat.
“Tell me what’s wrong with you. You look tense.”
His shaking slowed as he pointed towards the trees with his collapsed item. “That is the edge Ruler’s Forest. We are really here aren’t we?”
“Aye, we are. Come on. The sooner we get in, the sooner we may get out the other side.” Marlin sighed and put his head down.
The forest seemed to be looking at them all, at least it gave the same sensation to the others, Alex noticed. There were trees taller than any they had ever seen and there were very few sounds coming out of the forest. It was a haunted place to be sure, like Marlin said. No wonder why anyone would hate coming here. It was dark, depressing and eerie compared to where they stood. The air was permeated with the smell of decaying vegetation from the swamp. Upon a branch of an oak tree sat a hungry looking vulture. He stared at the group like they were its next full course meal. His large talons gripped the branch and his long black wings were tucked at his side. His beak had a slight curve and his tongue rubbed the edge of the beak. The large eyes looked hungry.
This place would effortlessly eat them if they weren’t careful.
“We need to stop procrastinating and get it over with.” For the last time Alex turned and crossed the ground and into the boggy forest. Shade was soon walking by his side and the other two began following reluctantly, but at least they didn’t complain. They knew working together would be the only way to survive this dangerous ordeal.
It was slow moving in some parts because the ground became so saturated that they didn’t want to get trapped in the muddy bog. Some parts had to be circumvented entirely because the water was too high to cross safely. When there were dry spots they would run as quickly as possible. That first night it rained and the four of them huddled together for warmth. Clift didn’t like it at first, but he got used to being so close to Shade. The worst part was the biting insects. Every ten minutes Alex told them to go somewhere else, but they’d forget and come back seconds later.

The days soon turned into three weeks and they learned how to adapt to this new environment. It would rain almost daily, but no more than an hour or two. When they would come across dry sticks and tender, they’d seal them in their packs for later. During the nights they would cook the fish Marlin would catch from the local streams. Alex would use the nightly fire to dry out his constantly wet feet. The last thing he needed was to get foot rot. Alex and Marlin would also use a thin filet knife to shave. Clift would munch on as much greenery as he could during the trek. When they would find fruits and edible plants they would store what they could. At least the swamp always had a readily supply of water, even if it always had to be boiled. Thirst wasn’t an issue.
When they would feel a little sidetracked Alex would use the sun as a compass. He would find an open and sunlit area and grab a long, straight stick. The stick’s initial shadow was marked by a rock and an hour later, when the sun moved, he would put one foot on the new shadow and the other on the rock. He would then use his book knowledge to continue heading northeast.
During the three weeks that passed Alex began to hear strange and ominous whispers, but when he would look around, there weren’t any fiends, animals or people in the area. It was an odd sound that no one else seemed to hear and it usually kept him up during the night.
As it had become dark and Alex got a fire started in a large grouping of trees, they would all talk to one another and Alex was usually the translator. Shade asked Clift if he had a mare, but Clift said he was taken as an adolescent.
Marlin turned his head and asked “So did you ever bed Lily?”
“Nay, the first thing she did, when we met, was to hold a sword to my throat. Her sword was frightening. She popped my shoulder back in place, but other than that that was all we did.”
Marlin started laughing. “She sounds like a woman who can keep you in line. She would need to be strong, just to keep you out of trouble.”
When Shade asked what was said he barked a laugh and added to Marlin’s comment. “She might even be able to keep me in line.” Shade laid on his belly and on the other side of the comforting fire, working with his letters. Clift was off in the corner grazing on some grass while staying close to the fire’s gentle light. The light shimmered off his brown fur.
Alex shook his head. “Will you two…”
“Dinner Timessss!” Alex’s head jerked up as he heard the hungry noise.
Above his head, a large white mouth was about to swallow him whole. There were two needlelike fangs, mere inches from his widening gray eyes. It was a large mouthed fiend that was ready to eat Alex without warning. Instinctively, he dropped flat on his back and rolled to his left. As he collided with the startled Marlin, the large mouth crashed into the dirt.
Yellow eyes were the first thing Alex noticed on the large head and followed it up. It curved downward after fifteen feet in the air. The body was covered in moss and pseudo branches that came out of its scaly bark-like skin. At the ground it was planted in the dirt and it had pseudo roots in the soil so it may maintain its balance. It might have looked like a tree, but it was really an Akaror. An Akaror was in the venom snake family, but it became an ambush predator and waited for prey to come to it. It mimics trees and even its dark brown scales looks like the bark of a tree.
“You Spineless Coward!” Shade roared as he jumped over the fire and used his sabers to pierce the Akaror behind its thick neck, and clamped on. Shade’s claws easily sliced through the rough skin. As the Akaror screamed in pain he reared up, taking Shade up in the air with him. It was an amazing display of strength from the fiend. The reptile fought futilely and tried to shake Shade off, but Shade only clawed more ferociously with all of his claws while constantly adding more of his toxin in with each deep laceration.
As the struggling slowed, the Akaror could no longer hold Shade’s profound weight in the air. They both came to the ground quickly with a crash. Shade landed on his side, but didn’t release his hold. He got back up on his feet and stared thrashing his head while growling deep in his chest. Then with one last violent whip, Shade ripped a large chunk of flesh out of the side of its neck. He spat the piece out and went after it again, but Alex yelled “Shade, Stop! He’s Dead!”
He stopped and was panting hard, teeth showing how dangerous he truly is. His gold eyes were focused at the head as he tried catching his breath, waiting for it to come back to life. The steam from his breath looked like rapid smoke signals. They could all see that the Akaror lay lifeless.
After Alex ran around the Akaror he came upon Shade’s side, barely managing to wrap his arms around his neck. Alex butted his head against Shade’s and left it there. He slowly calmed himself and Alex wasn’t going to rush him to say anything. “Alex…are you unharmed?” He told him he was. “That was too close. I didn’t even smell him coming. The next thing I knew he was above your head… I thought he ate you. I couldn’t see you behind the fire…”
“You don’t need to say anymore, Shade. It wasn’t your fault, he fooled us all. We didn’t know there was a creature like that living in these woods.” Alex then laughed and let go of his brother’s neck. Shade turned his brooding head in his direction. “You said you were getting tired of eating fish and look what you caught.” Alex pointed at his newest kill. “Look, you made us a meal for the next while. And we’ve never had Akaror meat before.”
He sighed out a laugh. “That is a good way to look at it.” Then his head turned suddenly and Alex followed his line of sight.
While they were talking, Marlin cut off the head of the Akaror. He looked up and stated “We need to get rid of the head. It can still bite and envenom us, even after the body has died.” He then demonstrated by grabbing a stick and putting it in the decapitated mouth. Alex had to stop Shade from attacking once he saw its maw clamp down on the wood. He said it was just nerves that haven’t died yet.
Three sets of eyes watched as Marlin kicked the back of the head into the boggy woods. For the next few hours Marlin and Alex cleaned the meat and cooked some to eat for dinner. The rest they would let smoke throughout the night. Shade grinned once he was calmed enough to eat. The meat was remarkably delicious. Clift was still spooked so he laid next to Shade, while he ate the meat.
After the unforeseen fight they each took a turn to stay up and guard the others. Shade was outvoted and told to take the first shift. Then it was Clift’s turn followed by Marlin and then Alex’s. The humans didn’t do as much work compared to the distances they needed to cross with Shade’s and Clift’s help.
While everyone slept and it was Alex’s shift he put the chunks of dried meat into the two packs. He continued to hear the faint and strange whispers emanating from the forest itself. It was faint but he could almost feel a constant vibration in the ground, beneath his bare feet. He looked around the darkness and didn’t see anything moving. It was odd because he could swear that he could also feel someone watching them, but couldn’t tell from which direction the feeling came from. Alex hoped it was only his nerves making things up. They didn’t need any more surprises. Please let it be nothing.

Once the sun rose again and everyone was awake they all had one last large meal before leaving the remaining carcass. With their skins and packs filled, they all started walking again. While they walked, Clift asked shyly “Doesn’t this place look different than it did yesterday?”
“I was thinking the same thing, but the smell hasn’t changed at all. Only our scents are around here.” Shade answered.
It was true. It seemed like the trees had somehow moved and the ground was raised, but it couldn’t be possible.
Then Marlin pointed and said “Look everyone! Is that a path up ahead?”
It was in fact a path going in their general direction. Once they climbed on the raised ground it looked almost like the path had been recently made. But where did it come from and who made it without alerting us to their presence? Alex asked in thought. The path held just enough room for Shade and Clift to walk side by side and was dryer than the surrounding area. All of the trees lined the path and it looked welcoming. It was a turn of luck since last night or so Alex hoped.
“Alex, this is too good to be true. Get on. We can make good time today.” Marlin said with relief.
With the group excited for once he kept his objections to himself. He leapt atop Shade and soon they were running. Marlin was correct. They covered well over fifteen leagues over the whole day. They stopped to relieve themselves and to take a short break to catch their breaths. At almost the end of the day they had to stop and see what laid before their eyes.
The end of the trail led to the largest tree that any of them had ever seen, maybe the largest in the entire world. It was five times as tall and large as any other tree in the entire forest. The tree’s canopy was well over one hundred acres wide. When they made their way up to the tree, they were all wholly curious about it. Alex dismounted as did Marlin. The tree was almost making its own clearing underneath because no tree wanted to live under its all consuming shadow. There was a lot of grass that Clift was eyeing off to the side and he went off to gorge himself. The smaller trees surrounded the great one in an almost perfect circle. There was even a small stream flowing with pure, clear and clean water not far away. It was a small paradise of wonder.
The gargantuan tree was completely covering the small clearing with its massive canopy. The tree trunk itself looked like several giant trees wrapping together and forming one, but it was in fact a single, solid trunk at least five acres in all. The roots were everywhere and the wind in the trees made rustling music, yet no birds or animals seemed to call it home. Hints of pleasant flowers was littered on the ground and it calmed the group for the decaying swamp was overpowered by the fragrant flowers.
Since it was beginning to darken, Alex suggested that they should stay for the night. Everyone agreed completely and without any hesitation. Marlin, Clift, Shade and Alex used the stream to clean themselves and it was refreshing to scrub off all the dirt and grime from the arduous travels. After the bath, Shade played in the water for almost an hour before coming back to the rest of the pack.

Once night took its turn in the sky, the wind had become chilled so they used the trunk of the tree to block most the breeze. They were all butted against the tree trunk and Alex started a small fire to further help keeping the chill off of the four of them. They heard the sounds of the night and the whispers Alex heard for so long seemed to cease. He leaned back and looked up into the glorious tree. He was remarkably calm and his eyes closed with contentment. 
Soon it became warmer than it should be. Did the wind die? Did someone throw a cover over me? Alex’s wondered and found his legs wouldn’t move as he tried turning on his side from the uncomfortable feeling that tightened around him.
His eyes shot open and looked down to see things wrapping over his legs. “EVERYONE WAKE UP!!!” Once they were startled into waking they too noticed their bindings. More and more things wrapped over their struggling bodies and soon realized they were tree roots. This cannot be happening! Alex mentally shouted. He fought with all he had and even the smallest and thinnest roots were stronger than Alex was and couldn’t be torn off. He dug so hard to free himself that his hands began bleeding. Marlin began yelling, Clift was neighing in sheer terror and Shade was trying to use his sabers to cut through the roots. Nothing they were doing was availing them to freedom.
Alex looked for the fire to see if it would burn away the root tendrils, but the fire was now covered in soil and sinking below the ground.
The whispers were back and now were louder than ever. There were too many voices to understand. It had become a humming inside Alex’s head.
Then a loud groan reverberated through the area and the whispers ceased instantly. All sound of the forest had stopped and was replaced with an eerie silence that frightened Alex even more. He looked up to actually see the enormous tree above them moving in an odd way. It was moving of its own accord and not because of the winds effect. Then the groan came again and Alex’s companions stopped struggling to look up for themselves.
“Alex, what…” Marlin’s question came up short as another and louder groan came from the tree itself again.
Oh no! Alex then recognized the tree from his book. It was the only tree in the world that could also be classified as a fiend.
It was a Xeal tree. 
They were in more danger than they’ve ever been in before. What was about to come to pass would undoubtedly be their untimely end. They were fools to not recognize this sooner. Xeal trees were even more dangerous and feared than the Big Three when angered.
Once known as an oak tree before the Ancients bestowed their gifts to the world, its wood now has the strongest structure and its flesh is even stronger than steel. It can react to stimuli and it is usually aggressive to whatever disturbs it.
Everything they’ve strived for felt like it was coming to an end for them all, until Alex heard a deep and ancient voice ring in his head. “Who defiles my kingdom!?”
The leaves of the trees began to shake as he had undoubtedly heard the voice in his mind.
Trees could talk!





Chapter 9

Understanding washed through Alex like a roaring and bone chilling waterfall. All the whispers he’s heard these past weeks were actually from Xeal trees that occupied this forest. The four of them were surrounded by an enemy they didn’t know existed nor even thought of the possibility. It was an inescapable trap laid by sentient trees. This ancient tree made a paradise around itself and created it to entice and entrap its only real enemies. Alex now knew why it was considered a forbidden forest. The fiends weren’t the biggest problem as he first feared, the trees were. And the main tree of them all and of the forest had them restrained in its unbreakable roots. They were all under the Xeal tree lord’s control and his voice inferred that he wasn’t a lenient character.
The leaves and branches shook again. “I will not ask a second time.”
Alex’s throat seemed to change again, but this time it was painful and almost felt like his throat burned with each forced breath. “We did not come to defile your lands! We were only passing through!”
“So you are one who can speak.” The leaves shook and the trunk groaned.
The roots kept encasing him and they now cocooned his entire body, except for his head. Alex turned to view Marlin, red faced, as he continued to struggle in vain. He had his russet cane extended, but it was soon wrapped in wooden tendrils and restrained on the ground. Marlin’s only weapon was sealed as were his options. Clift had already given up hope, but Shade still tried valiantly to escape.
“Aye, I can speak. Can you explain what you’re doing to us?”
The ancient voice turned dangerous. “Are you a human?”
“I am!” Alex was angered, but something seemed beyond wrong.
“Then you will die.” The voice became cold and distant.
“For what reasoning am I going to die for?”
The trunk of the tree began to bend down in their direction. It was like it tried to look at Alex, but it didn’t have eyes. Slowly the head of the tree brushed the ground, around the edge of the clearing and the other trees shrank back. The next thing Alex knew his head left the ground, without his effort. Alex turned to see that all of the roots encasing his body were lifting him up and into the air. The other three remained trapped as he was pushed up higher and higher. The roots stopped rising when hung between the ground and the bent head of the tree. If he were to jump from his current height, he would most certainly die from the impact with the firm ground.
The leaves and branches began to shake as the tree used them to speak to Alex. “Because you humans are a plague who know nothing of respect; they chop down and kill my brethren for shelter, tools and warmth. Any humans who foolishly come into my realm will be killed because they kill inconspicuously for self-serving dominance. And since you are a human, you too will die like the countless others who come into my realm. Prepare for your end.”
Then sharp tree branches lunged quickly towards Alex’s face. I’m sorry, Lily. He thought. The leaves flapped wildly from the speed of the thrust. Before they could reach him he was seething in anger because he didn’t want to give up and someone still needed him. “If that is your only biased logic then you should also kill YOURSELF!”
Barely an inch away from Alex’s defiant eyes, the sharp branches came to an abrupt halt. And then he heard “Hold on, Alex! I’m coming!”
He wrenched his head back and towards the ground as Shade howled. He caught the sight of his brother’s tail entering his shadow. Once he was freed of his wrapping he ran inside his shadow, since he found the only way to escape the roots. The tendrils collapsed once it realized Shade had escaped. Shade’s shadow changed again as he began rising out of it while running with a single-minded focus. He was running straight towards the roots that held Alex high in the air. He opened his menacing maw and started biting at the roots, hoping to sever the bonds or rip them off. His gold eyes were lit furiously, knowing how helpless the rest of them were. He was trying his best, but neither his sharp sabers nor claws could cut through the wood when they could easily cut through metal. He still kept fighting for his elder sibling’s freedom and doing his best to rescue the others as well.
“Come here you little whelp!” The tree lord said, and a weaved net of roots blasted out from beneath Shade. The net enclosed quicker than Shade’s attempt to escape. With Shade still fighting, and cursing up a storm, the roots quickly brought him up to Alex’s level. Shade continued snarling and fighting against the tightening bonds that surrounded his body. The tree demanded “Tell this seedling to quit fighting me or I’ll kill him… Do it!”
Alex’s throat changed again as he focused on his only remaining family. “Shade, he said to stop struggling. We had better listen or he will kill us without a second thought.” Shade’s large head turned to meet his brother’s angry grey eyes and when they locked together he knew Alex meant for him to quit immediately. He reluctantly stopped struggling which went against his every fiber and nature.
“Your partner seems to listen to you. You must be a good master.” The tree said in a lighter tone.
The Xeal lord was still annoying Alex, but he capped the temper with everything he had. They were all still in a very delicate position and a flippant tongue wasn’t going to placate the current situation. His voice shifted to the hot, scratchy pain again. “I am not his master. We are foster siblings. We are family.” Then he got down to the point. “Why did you stop and not kill me.”
The sharp branches slowly moved away from his eyes as the acres of leaves began shaking again. The look in Shade’s eyes said he couldn’t understand what Alex was saying. Clift and Marlin were still alive at the moment because their breathing sounded heavy and labored. Things had miraculously settled down for the moment, but for how long was the tree going to keep them alive was the actual question. “You said that I should kill myself. I wanted to hear what your reasoning is. I am curious now.”
Alex remembered what he thought about, just moments before being impaled. “You said yourself that humans were greedy and are constantly fighting for dominance. You and your brethren are just like us humans, if not worse.”
“Be careful of your words.” The branches shook menacingly.
“I will say whatever I please! You were going to kill me anyways, without provocation or inflicting any harm, so let me give you some much needed perspective.” The Xeal’s patience waned by the moment. The leaves shook violently in the darkness, but Alex continued. “Trees and humans alike take what they want and we always have and will. Humans need food to eat just like your roots eat the nutrients from the soil for your food. When there are too many humans, some rise to the top just like you have since this forest is so crowded yet you have such pristine land for yourself. The tall trees, like yourself, absorb the sun’s light and the smaller plants beneath your canopy wither and die because the taller trees don’t share the light you so covet for survival. The clearing under your canopy is a perfect example. When a tree or animal dies of old age and rots, you feed off of its nutrients. Humans are hasty and trees take their time, but the same things get accomplished no matter how you look at them. You murder other plants for the chance to remain alive just as we human’s do, but we have a choice unlike you.”
“What choice do you have that we don’t?” His tone became amused and curious. This human was the first to speak so openly and actually make sense. Alex’s words seemed to be having a positive effect. The shaking branches became less menacing and more placid.
“We have the strength and choice to protect one another.” Alex decided to tell him the truth for why they were here, even if it mattered not to a tree. “We didn’t come into your forest because we wanted to. We had no other choice because a friend of mine is going to be killed soon. We had to come directly through your territory and now you’re going to stall me from trying to help another in need. I don’t know how you turned into such a hypocrite, but you need to be more open minded if you are the king of this forest.”
It was silent for a few moments until the Xeal began to laugh and the entire tree began to shake. Every fiber of the roots vibrated the ground and those they held as did the trunk, limbs and leaves. Then an awkward silence passed for over a minute with neither side voicing their thoughts.
Ever so slowly the tree began straightening up into its original mighty position. Once it stood completely straight, it spoke proudly. “None have ever spoken to me with such truthful honesty in all my time. My dear seedling, you are very knowledgeable and have excellent perception of the true cycles of life. I have never thought of things the way you have. Your words ring true and I have to regretfully admit this, but we are indeed similar.” Then his tone became amused. “Now what should I do with you… hmm.” Then the leaves shook with excitement. “How about you make a deal with me?”
“I will only make a deal if you put us down and release us.”
“Very well,” Ever so slowly Shade and Alex began to descend to the ground. The ground became closer and closer for them both. Before they landed Marlin and Clift were unbound and looking incredulously at the frightening tree. As Alex touched the comforting ground the roots began to loosen all over his body. He lay on his back and watched as the final tendril released his ankles and reentered the soil. It was the same for Shade’s bonds.
Once they were all released Shade walked over to stand protectively between Alex and the tree. He whispered “Alex, are you hurt?”and all he received was a pat on the head and a calm smile. Shade sighed in relief. “We need to get out of here.” His elder brother shook his head and Shade’s eyes narrowed.
He took a few steps away from the others and looked up into the tree’s canopy. “Alright; what is your proposition?”
As the leaves shook the ancient voice reverberated throughout the entire area. “If I allow you all to live, I wish for your assistance. My seeds cannot travel far from me and no creature dare try to steal from my limbs. I will entrust to you, four of my children.” A section of branches above Alex’s head began shaking vehemently. He had to jump back as four large seeds dropped heavily onto the ground. Each seed was light brown and shaped like a cup with a cover over its lid. Each nut was half the size of his palm. Alex walked forward and picked up two in each of his bleeding hands. He returned his focus as the Xeal lord said “You are charged with deciding where to plant my seeds, but I hope you plant them in rich, fertile soil that has also been overly harvested of my brethren. They will know when to sprout so fear not carrying them where your travels take you. My children will slowly repair the damage that other humans have done. Can I entrust you with so precious a task?”
“You can. I was a farmer so I know the best places to plant your children.”
“Very well,” Then the tree’s trunk groaned as it slowly tilted in their direction. “For impressing me beyond all others, I will give you two prizes for such courage.” Alex’s brow furrowed in confusion. “I will give you a weapon made from my very flesh. Your human tools cannot even hope to scratch my body nor will it decompose and you look like you need a weapon. Now what kind of treasure will it be?”
Alex’s mind was stunned. The Xeal lord was first going to kill them and here he is trying to give them an aid. Many knew that the wood of a Xeal is the rarest of all natural treasures. And he’s going to willingly give a piece of himself was almost surreal. He thought wildly. In his readings, fire couldn’t harm this species of tree nor could many other forces. And a weapon, what kind of a weapon could a tree make? Alex knew he needed something useful for protection and he don’t like to kill. He needed something both inconspicuous and powerful. Then an image slowly started forming in his mind.
He remembered how his uncle would work day in and day out without ever complaining, seemingly content with his lot in life. When Gambit would walk with his item he would use it as a walking stick or when danger came near he could swing it and bludgeon the threat. His item wasn’t easily recognized since it looked like an everyday farm tool. Gambit would always casually hold it like it was part of his actual body. Even one time Alex remembered his uncle began spinning it like an entertainer, but only a select few knew it was his fighting style.
Alex knew what he wanted made. Uncle, this is in remembrance of you.
“I would like a straight staff, as tall as I am and it needs to have a spherical knot on the top. I need to be able to hold it comfortably and it needs to be even in thickness from the end to the base of the rounded knot. I don’t want any sharp edges. It needs to be a weapon without looking like one.”
The Xeal had changed its voice to pleasant. “That will be feasible.”
Through his feet, Alex felt the ground moving. They all watched in amazement as a single root erupted, straight out of the ground. The tip of the root slowly felt the top of Alex’s head and adjusted its height to his. Once it made the correct height, it became perfectly straight. The roots offshoots started to retract inside the main root. Then it began to reshape its tip from a thin point and began to fill out like a bladder. Soon it began to have a sphere slightly larger than the size of a man’s fist. The shaft also began to alter its shape into a perfectly cylindrical staff. Then the staff shook quickly and most of the soil was thrown off. Alex looked down at the base of the root, and the ground, to see it begin to thin out into a twig’s girth. “Is this what you mean?” The ancient Xeal asked.
“It’s even better than I could imagine.” He admitted.
“I’m pleased. Now grab it and break it off.” Alex quickly put two seeds in each of his pockets before cautiously reaching out and feeling the wooden weapon.
It’s surface was completely smooth, like someone used the finest sanding method and smoothed it even more by rubbing it by hand, over many years. It was smooth yet firm and held no defects. He wrapped his fingers around the center of the shaft and felt it was the perfect size for his hand. The shaft remained smooth, but it wouldn’t become too slick and unintentionally slip out of his grasp.
Alex then put his other hand over the first and wrenched it back. Even the thin twig holding the staff was strong, but putting his full body weight into the motion separated the staff from the root with a loud, dry snap.
The wood was lighter than it appeared, but remained heavy enough to know that you held a remarkable weapon. It proved impossible not to hold the staff with reverence. He looked up and exclaimed “Thank you for your generosity. I will keep this as a token of our meeting.”
The tree laughed and the ground seemed to shake again. “I will remember our meeting as well, but do not forget I still have another gift.” His mouth snapped shut when he realized he was gawking. “My final gift will be to expedite your journey through my land. You said there was someone you desired to save and the quickest way was through my kingdom, did you not?” Alex told him he was correct. “In that case, tell me in which direction must you travel.”
“She is being held in Central City. It is northeast of where we are currently.”
“Then my final gift will be for you and your companions to go that way.” The ground shook again as the tree groaned. In response to the groan all of the other trees began shaking and whispering. “I have told my brethren to move and make a path in the direction you have said. It will take some time to be completed so rest while they carry out my orders. Now I must rest myself. This meeting will take time to sort out properly.” The Xeal tree slowly became immobile.
Alex bowed respectfully, even if the tree couldn’t see. Thank you.
Once his heart began to relax from the stressful ordeal Alex kept admiring the new weapon. There wasn’t a single blemish nor were there any knots from the offshoot of the thinner roots. Even in the darkness, the staff held a mild reflective gloss. Where the staff broke, at the base, was a miniscule protuberance in the bottom center, but it wasn’t easily noticeable. This was one treasure that will stay by my side until someone is in more need than I. He vowed. His fingers hadn’t stopped bleeding from tearing at the roots, but the wounds were shallow. If those thin roots were so strong, how sturdy is this staff? Alex wondered
When a hand touched his shoulder he was pulled back into reality. “Alex, what is going on around here? What happened to us? All I could hear was the tree groaning and making noises and you made the same sounds. Were you actually communicating with a tree?” Marlin asked in frightened curiosity.
Shade stood on the right side of Marlin and Clift moved to the other. All their eyes were intently focused on Alex. When Marlin finally took his hand off Alex’s shoulder he twisted his new staff into a vertical angle with his right hand. The staff also had a remarkably perfect balance. The knot stayed in the air, at his height, while the base was butted on the ground. The three members cautiously looked at the new weapon with questioning eyes. 
“Follow me and I’ll explain.” He turned around and started walking towards the stream. They all followed silently.
Making his way in a single direction Alex stopped at the water’s edge. He walked straight into the cold water and made the sand and dirt come out of his clothes. Then his wounded hands needed to be cleaned and once they were he washed the blood and remaining dirt from the staff. The cold flowing water helped cool his sore throat so he drank as much as he could. The other three rinsed their bodies as well. The water seemed to help them relax.
When they got back on dry land Marlin and Alex took off their tunic’s because the wind was cooling them much too quickly. They wrung out as much water from their clothes as possible before laying them on the ground to dry. Alex opened his fur and spread it out. He sat down and the other three tried to lay on as much of it as possible. With his new staff laying across his crossed legs he began explaining what happened in both the human and the fiend languages. “We were led here. And that is a Xeal tree.” Recognition lit in Marlin’s eyes as it did with the other two. “He was going to kill us…” They listened intently to the dialogue transpired with the undisputed king of the forest. “He was gracious because he learned another way of viewing things and he is going to help us. He made this staff for me and has also charged me with planting his seeds during our travels.” They marveled at the seeds. Marlin held one and allowed Shade to smell it. Clift politely declined, wanting to do away with their current situation. “Do you remember the trail that led us here?” Alex asked Marlin.
“Of course I do.”
“Well, the other Xeal trees made it for us to be led here. It was all a trap, but we managed to overcome it with only some minor injuries.”
“We would all be dead right now if you couldn’t converse with the tree, but what’s your point?” Marlin asked in a polite tone.
“He is going to aid us by having another trail cut through the forest.” Marlin’s jaw dropped. “He has ordered us to wait and soon we will be able to have a straight line out of here.”
“Alex, things have a way of being dangerous, but seem to usually work in your favor.” He smiled and leaned back on the ground. “We were saved because of your talent. What is it about you that saves us?”
“I just hope that my luck continues to hold when we attempt to save Lily.”
The rest of the time Alex spoke with Shade. Shade was feeling helpless because he couldn’t do anything to save them like he usually does. He was told that Lily must feel the same way, helpless, and he vowed to not let her experience that pain any longer than she has to. Clift decided to stay out of their conversation and began grazing. He said he needed to eat a lot if there is going to be a long and straight run.

When the sun began to brighten the sky, the new path was completed on the northeast side of the clearing. The trees lined up parallel to the path and it was raised like the one they used yesterday. The soil was dark brown and looked moist from the movement it took to create the path.
They quickly packed their things and Alex slung his pack over his shoulders. The staff was held in his left hand while he held Shade’s fur with his right. Before they trotted over to the new path they looked at the enormous Xeal and Alex said his thanks again. The massive tree waived with a bundle of leaves in a side to side motion. They were actually allowed to leave without further pause.
Soon Shade began running at a measured pace down the trail. The trail ran completely straight like it was manmade, but the trees that looked identical to oak were the ones who did it the work. They began making up serious time since they didn’t need to stop and find a new way through the swamp, when their path was blocked. There were some dammed streams they easily crossed thanks to all the work the Xeal’s took to making the new path.
During the nights they would remain on the path and rest.
Throughout the days they continued to run and only stopped once they needed a break or found edible food.

Sixteen days after leaving the Xeal lord they finally made it to the end of the forest. It had taken twenty one days to make it to the middle of the forest. With the help of the path they have shaved off a minimum of five days travel they would have spent trying to do on their own.
Before them lay a sparsely treed area. It looked almost like a plain which helped lift all of their spirits.
Before they continued on with the journey, Alex dismounted Shade and he watched as his big brother walked up to a small Xeal tree. “Please inform the king that we have made it safely and that all of you have given us even more precious time to help another in need. Tell everyone who made our path I said, Thank you.”
The voice of the sapling sounded young and childish. “I will inform the others of the kind words.”
As he turned back to the group he could hear the trees whispering and he felt the ground vibrating. The trail they took slowly vanished behind the slowly moving trees.
When Alex was remounted they began running again.

Over the next ten days the trees thinned out into an open and grassy plain. The journey’s speed kept an excellent pace. The ground was originally flat in the beginning, but soon became large rolling hills. They had to start rationing water because the plains didn’t have many lakes or streams. Alex only sipped just enough to wet his mouth. Shade drank more because he was doing most of the work. Marlin did the same for Clift. When they would find a water source they would all fill up on the liquid throughout the night. At one point they found a high hill and it led to a large grouping of trees and that meant food and more precious water laid within. There was a wide stream inside the wooded area and Marlin provided the food after a night of fishing. Using the campfire, Alex had proven that his staff couldn’t catch on fire nor had it been charred. With the wipe of a cloth it removed any sooty fire traces and kept its light brown luster.

On the eleventh day, Shade caught the scent of smoke, when it was about midday. “Alex, do you smell that?” He slowed until he stopped and then his brother smelled the air.
“I smell smoke… like a cooking fire.”
Alex told Marlin and he requested “How about we check it out? Maybe we might be able to get some help or maybe clearer directions.”
He had a point. “Alright, let’s go scout it out.” Marlin nodded and followed, after Shade began moving.
When the delicious smell increased Alex slid off his back. They were safely camouflaged by a thicket of trees and bushes. Bramble made some spots difficult to pass through. Alex said to everyone “Wait here.” and they silently hunkered down to get some much needed rest.
The staff was a blessing because Alex used it to move through the bushes without injury. He slowly made his way closer, making as much noise as possible so as to not frighten anyone who might be laying in wait. Once he cleared the bushes there was a small home surrounded by a small farmland. The home had a chimney, blowing out a consistent amount of smoke. The ground was rowed with spring vegetables ready to be harvested. A stall to the west housed two horses feeding on some hay. Off in the distance stooped a man working the field, who didn’t hear the approach. He didn’t see Alex either so he whistled loudly and said “Hello! Over there!”
The man’s head jerked in his direction and stopped what he was doing. Alex waited patiently in the sunlight while the man walked over. It was best to not appear threatening. He realized the man had a shovel as an item as it didn’t hold any wear from such use one would expect from a farm tool.
He stopped about five-and-twenty paces away and held his item like Alex held his staff; comfortable yet at the ready. He wore only brown pants and shoes. His upper body was covered in sweat and dirt. He was a well built middle aged man who looked around five-and-forty years. “Can I help you, Sir?”
“I hope so. I was wondering if there is a water source nearby. Myself and my companions have been journeying for a very long time and we haven’t found any water sources all day.” Alex’s empty skin was proof of his words and his pounding headache told him how dehydrated he really was.
“Aye, there is a stream a few minutes in that direction.” He pointed past the stalls. “Is there anything else I might be able to offer?”
“Aye, just one last thing. We are on our way to the Central City. Do you know how far away we are and are there any local trails and roads that’ll get us out of the forest?”
He smiled. “You’re headed for the execution of Lily of the Blood Moon, correct?” Alex nodded after only a brief hesitation. “I knew it. The Royal Guard has extended an open invitation for all too witness what happens when you disobey and disrupt proper civil order. If I may ask, why are you going?”
He has been preparing himself during their travels for just such a question like this. Alex faked his anger as he balled his fist until the knuckles were white. “The general she killed was my eldest cousin.”
“So you are really looking forward to seeing justice being done. Alright then…” he became cheerful which only made Alex’s anger real because the man actually thought she was really was a nuisance. “There are many paths that all lead to the prison in Central City. There is a road from my property that leads to the main road. We are about nine to ten days journey away.” He pointed to a shaded road between his home and the stalls. He picked up his item and rested it across his shoulders. “Good luck on the rest of your journey and I hope her execution soothes the pain she had inflicted upon you.”
“Thank you for your hospitality.” As he turned to walk away so did Alex.
Once he returned to the group, they were all still right where he last left them. Marlin stood but the others were still relaxing. “What did you find out?”
“There is a water source over there and we can now follow and take roads all the way to the city. The farm he has is too small to ask for a proper meal so we’ll still manage like usual.” Alex then looked at Clift and said “Your freedom will be granted in just a few more days.”
His dark brown eyes began glistening. “Really? Our journey is almost over?” His eyes went out of focus as he neighed to himself “I’m almost free…” He neighed again and quickly stood. Their eyes met as he said excitedly “What are we waiting for? Let’s get a drink and get moving.”
They all laughed at the new mood of Clift as he started prancing just after Alex pointed him in the direction of the water. They followed as he led the way and he was almost trotting through the trees.
They all finally sated themselves with a great drink from the clear stream and Alex’s headache subsided a few minutes later. They stayed there for an hour to make sure they could drink as much as possible as well as eat a small snack.
Once finished, they skirted around the farm so that the man wouldn’t spot them. They found the well used trail he spoke of and they began running again. It wasn’t until nightfall did they find the main road heading north northeast. It was all dirt so that was good because they could run and Clift’s running wouldn’t create too much noise like it did on the stone road. It didn’t mean he was silent though.

The next morning Clift was still energetic as he woke the pack up to keep running. They all knew why he wanted to keep going, but Alex had to warn him about being too impulsive. They were well within enemy territory. He didn’t like being told to relax but didn’t voice his objections.
Once they were repacked, they ran practically unhindered for the next three days. That was until the roads started holding other wandering travelers and locals. They then started walking in the forest for camouflage, while remaining parallel to the dirt road. They weren’t spotted the first time as they trekked for the next four full days.
As night fell on the fourth day, they finally arrived at Central City. They could see it in the distance and it was…something.
The four of them stood at the tree line while looking at the expansive scenery. It was a horrible sight. The city had deforested all the trees surrounding the city for nearly five leagues. All that any of them could see of nature were stumps from where large and healthy trees once called home. The ground had been heavily trodden and even the grass had only just begun to grow again. There was a trampled flower off by a stump. The ground was wet from a recent shower and the dirt had turned into dark mud.
The city itself was like the trade city of Nicronane because it was surrounded by stone walls. It was just as, if not larger than Trade City. One entrance could barely be seen into the city and it was on the main road. Tiny dots of moving lights exposed the patrolling guards and torches walking along the top of the walls and Alex realized that if there were ever a breach they could easily spot the escapees from the deforested land. Inside the city were two enormous buildings rising above the protective wall. One was made of stone and the other was half the size and made mostly of wood. The details were difficult to distinguish because of the vast distance, but Alex knew that the stone building held the prisoners. Lily was a prisoner. But not for long if they weren’t already too late.
Once they were finished scanning the darkness Alex turned to complete the bargain that had been struck over two months ago. “Clift, come over here.”
He trotted up. “What is it, Alex?”
He pointed at the city with his staff. “That is the prison we struck the agreement upon. You have fulfilled your duty with honor. Now it is time for my end of the contract.” He walked to Clift’s side and took off the cloth saddle and Marlin’s pack. He sat both down on some dry sand and patted his chestnut colored ribs. “You got Marlin here safely and now you are free.”
Clift’s large eyes began watering as he looked down at the honorable human. He tested the words on his lips. “I’m free… I can do whatever I want?” He reared up and neighed with joy “I’M FREE!!!” He dropped back down and then rubbed his head against the human he can speak with. Alex’s spirits lifted knowing he was going to do whatever he wanted from now on. Clift leaned back and looked at each one of them one last time. “Thank you.”
Clift turned away and ran into the forest. He was now free to do as he wished and was no longer a piece of property.
Shade and Marlin watched as he left, both smiled.
“You two find a place to rest until in the morning. I have something I need to do.” Alex reached into his pocket and walked out into the dark field. They did as he said and disappeared into the trees.
Jogging for three leagues was easy under the starry sky until he stopped between the trees and the city. He pulled out one of the four nuts from his pocket. This was part of the agreement with the Xeal lord and the objectives were met. This place was destroyed by deforestation and the soil was still good for growth.
His staff easily dug a hole into the ground until it was a four inches deep. He placed the first nut into the soil and covered it up. He then turned around to head back to the trees, but before he left there came a cracking sound. When he turned around there was a tiny green sprout protruding from the ground from where Alex planted the seed. It had already begun to grow so quickly.
Returning to the safety of the trees, Shade found his brother and led him to where they found shelter.
Completely hidden in the woods was a small clearing with an apple tree and a clean running stream; teaming with fish. Marlin had already started a fire pit so it would be more difficult to spot and had a trout cooking over the flames. He was still fishing when they arrived. The two had found a paradise in the woods of their enemies. Alex thought before Marlin said “It will be done cooking soon.”
After Alex knocked down four perfectly ripened apples with his staff, they ate a filling meal. He didn’t realize how hungry he was because he soon ate seven apples by himself along with a fillet of cooked fish. Marlin was almost the same way, but he ate almost all of his sixth apple. Shade ate eleven apples and four fillets before finally admitting that he too was also full.
During the night Marlin asked “Do you want to shave before you go to sleep? It’s been nearly four weeks since you last shaved and the only thing I can recognize are your gray eyes.” He held up his cleaned fillet knife with the handle pointed to Alex.
“Nay, I’ve been thinking about that.” He laid the knife down to listen. “I think I should act differently while we search the city in the morning. I’ll pretend to have a bad back and require the use of my staff. They won’t dare think of hurting a man who’s lame and not a threat, their duty won’t allow them to harm a man without orders from their superior. I know how to look defeated because I grew up itemless and I don’t need to pretend all that much. I will look haggard and since I am going to pretend to be lame, I hired myself a weapon’s class mercenary to guard me from bandits on my long journey to see the execution personally. It will be foolproof and easy enough to pull off.”
Marlin grinned and twirled his collapsed rod in his hand. “And I’m that mercenary.” They both laughed at the plan.
It was so erroneous it just had to work.
Marlin then asked what Shade is going to do in the morning and laughed as Alex told him the rest of the arrangement. The rest of the night the three of them went over the plan, many times.
Now it was time to test our nerves. Alex though before sleep took over.

Once it was morning they began the middle part of their hasty journey.





Chapter 10

Once Marlin and Alex walked away from camp and through the woods they began the insane plan. The moment they entered the well traveled road, Alex leaned heavily on the staff when people were close enough to see. He held it mainly in his right hand. Alex slowed his walk to half his usual gait and even bent his head forward to hunch his back. The look had to be sold. Marlin stood casually and walked by his friend’s side wearing his pack and both of the half filled water skins. His right hand was casually holding his collapsed rod and his eyes scanned everything in the distance. He had to look the part of an experienced mercenary.
They decided since he was going to be lame, Marlin would be the one to carry his pack since Alex’s was larger and being lame meant it would be impossible to carry such a burden on a cripple. Also Shade didn’t want to be left behind so his big brother came up with a solution to that minor detail. Shade wouldn’t be left unless absolutely necessary.
Simply peering at the ground, Shade was walking under him while keeping pace. The early eastern sun forced Shade to stay mostly to his left, but if you weren’t looking carefully enough you’d never know his shadow was any different. Alex smiled, knowing Shade was going along with them. Shade remained silent because there were some people who were also heading towards the city. They didn’t break their cover once.
Two hours later they eventually arrived at the bustling city. So many people were coming and going the three of them were shocked at such numbers. They didn’t break character once though the city was indeed impressive. The front gate was menacing looking. It was made of solid metal and they were coated with deadly spikes on either side of the gate and underneath. Smooth holes in the stone ground alerted that the gate closes every night. A moat surrounded the entirety of Central City as Marlin helped Alex up onto the drawbridge, when the ledge seemed too difficult for a cripple to achieve on their own. Some local people watched, but didn’t seem interested enough to see if they required help.
Two Royal Guards were staffed on each side of the outer gate and another four stood protectively on the inside as well. When they were close enough to the gate Alex stopped and pointed a shaky finger towards a Guard, who took notice as well. Marlin knew the drill after the night’s strategy and rehearsal of the plan.
Marlin left Alex’s side as he remained hunched on his staff. It amazed the fisherman how defeated and willed his friend portrayed someone with such perfection. If he had an item he’d fit right in with the specialists class. Marlin mused, but remained impassive during his approach of the Guard.
He walked right up to a guard and said “Sir, please come with me for a moment. My client needs to ask you a question.”
Shade remained motionless in his shadow and Alex’s. If he moved in his shadow the disguises would be ruined. As Marlin and the guard walked up to Alex, Marlin stood a half step behind the guard while carefully clutching his item, should the situation turn into a bloodbath. The guard was attired just as all the other Guard’s were. He had a spiked baton hanging from his wrist and dark green eyes took in the odd sight. He was skilled in combat because he didn’t focus on one particular thing. He was at least five-and-thirty years and built lean.
Once he stopped the Guard stated “This person said you needed to speak to me.” Alex nodded weakly, without releasing the tension in his shoulders which kept him hunched. “Out with it, I must return to my post.”
Alex made his voice weak and shallow. “I’m sorry, but I have been traveling for over a month. I needed to ask if I had missed the execution of Lily of the Blood Moon. Did we make it in time or was my trip made in vain?”
The grin on his face made Alex want to ruin it irreparably with his staff. “Nay, you made it in time. In fact, you made it with six days to spare.”
“Thank you. I’m glad to have made it.”
“If I may ask, what happened to you? And why have you come on a journey in such a weak condition?” He was sounding curious, but Alex knew he was interrogating him should this be a hoax.
“I was kicked in the back by a gelding as a child and I couldn’t be brought to a skilled healer in time before my back had fully recovered. The only thing our local healer was able to do was remove the horrendous scar, but my splintered bones and nerves were irreparably damaged. And as to why I’m here, Lily was the one to kill my friend. The general was once camped in my village when I was younger and he didn’t make a joke at my disability. I wanted to come here to see her leave this plane of existence once and for all. It is the very least I’m able to do for him. He deserves no less from what befell him.” Pointing at Marlin Alex said “And I had to hire his services so that I could get here safely and in time.” He sighed heavily, sounding like Alex meant for the execution, but actually meaning it for the rescue. “I made it.”
Looking up, the Guard was nodding. “He was truly a good man. He was strict about sacrificing yourself to help others. He was even the one who talked me into enlisting.”
“You’re right. I’d enlist too, but…” He waived Alex off.
“Tell me, is this your first time here?” Alex nodded while shifting his staff to the other side. “Well, there are many inns that are filled because of the event. Do you have money?” he shook his head and looked up at Marlin.
“This man paid me everything he had just to get up here. I have spent all but four silvers.” Marlin reached into his pocket to show the remaining coin. “What will that get us?”
The guard laughed. “About half a piece of straw apiece; I’m sorry, but the two of you will have to find your own way.” He then smiled. “The execution will be held in six days time and it will be carried out after the sun finally sets. Good luck gentleman.” He turned and marched back to his original station.
They all began walking again. This time they made it inside the city and everything was being looked at for an advantage to be exploited. Alex continued to walk while still pretending to rely on the staff.
Inside the city was similar to Nicronane’s Trade City. The stone road here was of a darker brownish color. The houses and shops ranged between one and three stories. There were peddlers and traders selling their wares and the businesses held the same symbols of their trade. The place remained cool, even with the sun almost completely overhead. It was an interesting place to go. Person after person walked around them as they kept walking deeper, becoming just another face among the vast crowd while visualizing any advantages that could be exploited.
The differences to Trade City was that nearly a quarter of the total local population were actually Royal Guards and the two enormous buildings towered over all the others of the city. Some guards patrolled the streets while some stayed in uniform to do what they wanted. There were so many trained eyes that the pressure weighed heavily on them. The two prominent buildings were easily seen from so far were straight down this very road.
Once they were firmly blended in with the bustling crowd they eventually found a place between two buildings and took it to find privacy. Eventually they made it down the alley and found another street. It was less crowded, but they kept searching for a more secluded location. Almost an hour later they came upon a small street that was desolate and rundown. It looked completely abandoned because much was neglected, but they didn’t take any chances and only spoke in whispers.
Knowing things were clear for the moment Alex straightened up and stretched out his sore and tense muscles. “Shade?” he whispered and a head slowly came up from the shadow. Once his gold eyes locked onto Alex’s it was time to really get started on the plan. “You know what to do. Search every road, building, and anything else you think that we can exploit or use to our advantage. Keep sharp and we’ll meet back at the clearing tonight.”
Shade nodded and submerged his head into his shadow again. Then he was off to begin his search, a large shadow streaked away.
“Alex, did you see that gate? What if we try and rescue her and they lock it? What would we do then?”
“Marlin, do you think so little of yourself?” Grinning came easier with Marlin around. “You said that your fishing line won’t ever break under any circumstances. The day we attempt the rescue, we’ll disable the gate and your unbreakable item’s line will keep the gate up. Once we leave, you’ll release the gate’s weight and it will remain closed, locking our enemies inside their own city.”
He laughed. “You are truly devious.” Then Marlin looked up and down the street. “We had better start doing our job else Shade won’t be happy with either of us making him do all the work.” Alex agreed and they started walking once again.
They finally made it down the main road and saw what made this place have such an undignified reputation.
The prison itself took almost three hours for the two of them to walk completely around its perimeter. As Alex walked casually through the city streets, not acting with his staff, the layout of the prison, and other buildings, began to form in his mind. Small holes for ventilation dotted the prison and fifteen levels were easily seen, but couldn’t be exploited. The layout of the prison was a simple rectangle, but the size of the building was the largest that either of them had ever seen before in a building. The fortified walls were made of a gray stone and anyone could walk up and touch its cool surface. There wasn’t a fence surrounding the prison fortress.
The very front of the prison was malevolence at its worst.
The front metal door of the prison was only accessible by walking onto a horrific stage by taking an thin row of steps to the platform. There was a large courtyard below, where the common people could stand and witness the daily gruesome executions. On the stage held both torture and execution items for the prisoners. There was a noose for hanging, a guillotine for a clean beheading, a chopping block shaped with a hole for the face to go in and what turned their stomach the most was they actually had a rack with a person already in it. The woman on the stage was stripped naked and had her arms and legs tied on either end while slowly being pulled apart. There was no helping the unfortunate woman. Marlin and Alex quickly moved away as she screamed in frightening agony, when the crank was turned again. That stage was both a ghoulish display and a death sentence, for those who remained inside the prison.
Alex began acting again as a cripple again as they walked out the gates and the darkness took over. They learned as much about the prison as they could for the day. They continued playing their parts in this way until they were far enough away from the city to not be seen. They discussed what had been seen inside and decided how things could benefit or be a detriment their plan. It wasn’t long until they managed to get back to camp again.
Grass was torn up to reveal the dark soil underneath and large enough to be able to draw a map of the city. While Alex did this Marlin got the fire running again and went back to fishing.
A few hours after the grass was dug up and the land cleared did Shade walk into the camp, looking pleased. “Alex, what did you do to the grass?”
“I pulled it up so we could make a layout of the city itself. I’ve yet to start drawling. What did you find out?”
He grinned. “Many things. There is only one bit of news that’s bothering me. I first ran the entire perimeter of the city to see that the entrance we went into was the only one large enough for a person to get through. There are many smaller tunnels throughout the city used for refuse. I did as you said and entered the second largest den of the city. I found the storage area where they keep the prisoners items. I even found the two you drew for me. Lily’s white swords are definitely being held there. I did as you said and left them there until everything is complete. I also memorized as much of the city as I could. There is much we need to do.”
After Shade rested and ate, he gave a proper layout of the perimeter of the city. With the end of his staff Alex began drawling the layout and with Shade’s guidance, a rounded rectangle began to appear. Marlin pitched in as they drew in the roads and buildings that they saw. Very slowly, the shape and scale of the city became clearer and more accurate.

Over the next five days they painstakingly worked on the map and thought up any distractions that could be used to aid their escape plan. They focused mostly on the exit strategy and how they’d escape the fortress of a city alive. They factored in troop deployment, movements and how to keep the guards occupied. Marlin came upon a stroke of luck at the tavern when he overheard that only one guard would be stationed at the gate during the execution. That would be Marlin’s primary prerogative. The sand drawling was an almost perfect representation of the city after five full days of critical study. The three constantly studied the turns, alleys and side streets incase they couldn’t run directly down the main street. Marlin’s main task is support and exit. Alex’s task was diversion and defense while Shade’s was about retrieval and safety, the most difficult and crucial task of all.
During the night, when they needed a break, Marlin asked Shade for permission to spar with Alex. Shade wrote in a patch of dirt saying it would be a good idea to hone one’s skills before a fight. They began to spar, but Marlin only fought with his extended cane and not his bobber that changed weight. It was great practice at how to wield the new staff more efficiently. Marlin was truly a strong opponent and he bested his younger and larger friend at almost every move. Alex lost count at how many times he found himself planted on his backside. Shade laughed constantly as Marlin showed why he was an expert warrior.

Just before daylight on the critical day they began implementing the final stages of the plan. While it was still dark and the guards changed shifts, Marlin and Alex crossed the wooden drawbridge silently. The Guards left the gate up because they were expecting a large crowd for tonight’s main event. Marlin extended his pole and flung the line over the bridge. Once the three pronged hook latched onto the base of the gate, in a discrete location, he placed his pole between the cracks of the wood that made the support framing of the outer wall, which was under construction to be made of stone in three months time. The coloring of his russet item matched well with the wood so it wouldn’t be seen clearly. They devised the string in a way that the wall itself would hold the gate in place rather than ripping his item from the wall when they made their hurried escape.
While the patrols were still busy with the shift change, Marlin and Alex slipped inside the gate and cut most of the portcullis rope that held the balancing weight, to keep the gate from falling. They cut just enough so that you wouldn’t notice the slice unless you looked at it up close. Then they sabotaged the drawbridge mechanism to remain down for the escape. Once that was finished they hurried back across the drawbridge just moments before the relief guards made their way to their stations and the two of them waited in the distance for the sun to eventually arrive. Marlin complained that he felt naked without his item, but he knew there wasn’t any more options at the moment.
Alex’s heart began racing with a stream of adrenaline throughout the day as he, Shade and Marlin separated to do their individual tasks.
Alex’s job was to make unforeseen diversions, if there were seers near. It is impossible to be seen, or so he hoped. Every refuse tunnel he found was plugged up by whatever was handy and he changed the exit paths of the sludge slightly. Mostly wood panels and wadded clothing were easily enough to come by for use in stopping up the holes. While the city was bustling he stole drawstrings from all the clothes lines he found in the city. He wove the individual strings together and found some nails someone had forgotten to use. Holding the bundle of string, he’d walk across the street while letting a single strand fall behind. He would then use his feet to bury the line inside the spaces in the road. Alex did it along the entire road in long uneven sections. He was then able to tie the final end of the string on the gate’s massive portcullis weight that was still hanging by a thread. He also attached the special end of the cord to another surprise. By the time he finished with the arduous tasks, the sun began to dive over the side of the western walls.

Waiting in the gathering crowd of the courtyard, Marlin approached his friend. He took his pack off and said “I’m finished on my end. How about you?”
Alex nodded absently, watching for any sign of change on the stage. “Did Shade pull through and meet you at the plaza?” Speaking cryptically was the only option he had because so many others were around them.
No one would be their ally in this crowd of brainwashed fanatics.
Marlin grinned while opened the bag. Shade’s job was to get Lily’s two short swords from the barracks holding room. Shade was unable to bring any objects into his shadow so he devised a way to hold something in the space between his large shoulders. He must have been quick and stealthy to smuggle the blades out of the guard’s barracks without being seen. Alex wondered if he looked like a shark with his fin breaking the surface.
“I’ll be ready when the commotion picks up.” Marlin admitted while closing the pack. He then started casually walking down the road. Alex lost sight of him as he made his way towards the gate.
Slowly the courtyard began to light with burning torches and the execution stage became lit brightly enough to show the stage to the people. The area became saturated with an ominous and flickering orange glow. The tortured woman from earlier was no longer on the rack, but her fresh blood remained from being ripped apart. Alex’s heart went out to her. Then more and more people began coming into the courtyard, looking excited for the upcoming execution. Many Royal Guards mixed in with the everyday people. The air buzzed with all the excited voices blending together. People young and old came to witness the gruesome event with savage hunger. Alex pitied all these wrongly programmed citizens and wished they knew what it was like to have true freedom in their lives.
Alex stood at the very end of the tightly crammed crowd and waited. The packed group would make things easier for them and more difficult for the Royal Guard to mount a counterattack. Alex stood in the back center of the road, now standing tall as he waited for it to begin.
The wait wasn’t all that long.
A hush settled over the crowd as a trumpet sounded from a man in the center of the stage. He was a Royal Guard and the trumpet was his item. Alex remembered reading that musical items can either be weapons or for healing. He hoped it was the latter because there were scary stories that came from the weapon type music. His voice boomed as he stood at attention. “Good People! We have all gathered here today to witness the execution of Lily of the Blood Moon! Remain silent as we make final preparations!”
Then the large metal door of the prison opened inward and a line of Royal Guards came out in a single procession. They all marched in unison because the sounds were holding a steady, primal rhythm. They broke to either side of the stage and lined up against the stone wall. Each one wore an expressionless mask as they turned to the crowd to stand at attention. The trumpet user walked away and took his place in line. Then all noises stopped; except for the hissing, flickering torches.
First came out a slender man, carrying a piece of parchment. He walked directly between the guillotine and the chopping block to abruptly stop. He was the one who would recount the crimes that were committed. He then turned his back to the quiet crowd as the executioner came out wearing a back hood and a gigantic axe rested in his meaty hands. The crescent blade was as long as a man’s torso and the shaft was as tall as the wielder. He was a giant among men, including Alex. He stopped, planted the butt of the item on the wooden stage as he also turned his back to everyone.
The man with the paper ordered “Bring out the prisoner!”
A worried sense of excitement filled Alex as two men carried out a limply hanging body with metal shackles binding the hands and ankles. He couldn’t tell if it was really Lily because she was clothed in a burlap sack and the head was also masked by another soiled sack. The body looked too puny, but from where he stood in the back, everything looked slightly undersized and surreal.
The silence grew to deafening levels as the two guards dragged the person up to the chopping block. They kicked behind the knees of the prisoner and straightened the person into an erect, kneeling position. Then the two guards walked away to stand with the line. The man with the parchment grasped the head covering and yanked.
Immediately Alex recognized her, but what he saw made his heart beat almost out of his chest in an untamable rage. How dare you!!! His blood began boiling as he began to see red around his peripheral vision. What he saw made him want to kill every single person on stage and even the crowd would face his wrath.
He wanted their blood. The rage was fed with a need for vengeance.
Lily’s beautiful white hair was covered in matted blood and he didn’t want to imagine anything else. Her beautiful face appeared sickly pale and bony features dominated under her skin. Her left eye had completely swollen shut. Alex recognized that she was being starved here and given only what she needed to survive up to this day. On the side of her throat was a large purple bruise that had only recently begun to heal. Her only unharmed open amethyst eye said she still remained sane and strong, but for how long remained a mystery. He wanted so badly to get her out of here. Soon she would be.
The man with the parchment turned to the crowd and began reading aloud what was written. “Lily of the Blood Moon, You are here by sentenced to death by beheading, by order of King Runkamon himself. The charges for your crimes are as follows. One, for killing your commanding officer and a ranking general of Gagiat. Two, for disregarding a direct order from that said general. Three, for disavowing yourself by saying that sacrifice to your people is meaningless and should be abolished. Lastly, for killing other members of the Guard until they manage to capture you.” He dropped the parchment to his side and turned upon Lily. “Do you dispute your charges?”
Despite her deprived physical condition her voice was as musically clear as when Alex first heard it on the island. “Nay, they are correct and I would gladly do it all again given another chance.”
He turned to the crowd. “You have all her blatant disregard for the law! We all must sacrifice for one another so that our lives hold meaning in the next life. Without sacrifice we are no better than fiends.”
Alex whispered inaudibly to himself. “Nay, because fiends have more honor than any one of you. They at least are better than those who are brainwashed.”
The man turned and grabbed her hair. He then wrenched her forward and because of her weakened state she couldn’t struggle away from the block. Her head was placed in the recess of the wood. That way, the executioner can get a clean cut over the back of the neck. The man continued holding her hair as he commanded “Do It!” The axe wielding executioner lifted his item and walked forward. Alex watched in growing terror and raging anger as the man carefully stood at the correct distance as well as have the correct stance to deal a final and fatal blow.
You have done this form of execution many times before, but this one will be stopped. Alex thought silently.
He raised his arms over his head and arched his back.
Such profound rage couldn’t remain quiet any longer as that powerful feeling overcame him yet again. He took a sudden deep breath while everything went silent and waiting for the end of the fair warrior. She won’t die!
Alex yelled at the top of his lungs. “SHADE! NOW!!!”
The plan had finally begun.
Now it was our time to take the offensive.





Chapter 11

Standing on the very outer edge of the crowd, they turned as one to the sound of Alex’s roaring voice, that shattered the silence and concentration of the people and that of those on stage.
At his brother’s unequalled command of rage, Shade’s murderous howl ripped through the stage and courtyard like nothing ever heard before. The air itself vibrated with his primal call to battle. All living creatures could feel unadulterated fear from the threat he unleashed. Everyone was torn from either looking at Alex or trying to locate the source of the howl.
Shade’s massive form began running while he came out of his shadow. He already waited on the stage and was sprinting directly at the axe wielding executioner, committing himself to the strike. I didn’t need to use my teeth to kill him, Shade thought, but I do need to slow myself and what better way than use that head covered person. He dropped his head, slamming his broad skull against the ribs of the man and launched him directly into the crowd. Slowed from the transfer of momentum, he turned to glare at the unpardonable person who hurt Alex’s mate. Then Shade jumped clear over Lily, as she was still wrenched forward, stuck helplessly over the chopping block. He then opened his mouth and effortlessly ripped off the head of the man who jerked her so violently forward. He spat out the disembodied head as he landed back on the stage and all watched it tumble away. Shade had drawn first blood.
Alex felt grateful for what he did because Shade must have seen what happened to Lily. Alex wanted that man’s blood as well, but there wasn’t time to dwell.
The next part of the plan would be the most tedious and gripping.
Shade twisted around and gave another warning growl to re-stun the lined guards and the crowd from advancing upon him. Every Guard’s expression lost all color and couldn’t move under such a murderous presence. He continued turning as he set his sights down upon Lily. Though she smelled worse than anything he’s ever hunted, she needed to be spirited away. His muzzle opened as wide as it could possibly go. He then leaned forward and made sure his sabers cleared her body. Her smaller size made it easier for him. Shade quickly yet gently enclosed his teeth around her, making sure not to crush her in his mouth that easily chews through bone. He effortlessly lifted his head with her in his mouth and there was plenty of space between where he held her and the backs of his razor sharp sabers. She was facing down as he held her in her weakened state. Lily looked lifeless, drooping in his mouth.
Shade then locked eyes with Alex and his older brother nodded.
He had a hard time judging where his prey was compared to his sabers earlier. So the two humans worked with him as willing test subjects. During their planning period these past few days Shade held them in his teeth and the worst accident to occur was where he cut Alex’s arm accidently from the backside of his sabers. Shade had to not only worry about his sabers, but on how much pressure his jaw could exert so as not to crush her. It would be all too easy in her condition.
Shade then turned on stage and suddenly jumped straight down off the platform, and into the screaming crowd.
Erupted and frightened mayhem sprang to life from the crowd, but the tightness of the people aided their plan. Shade landed heavily on the ground and pinned several Guards beneath his weighty paws. He began running in Alex’s direction with haste, once he gained his proper footing. He then jumped over the wall of fleeing bodies and started running through the tightly packed humans. In a matter of moments Shade was by his brother’s side.
Everything had gone according to the plan so far. Shade lowered his head so that Lily could be seen. Alex checked to see that Lily remained alive; she was. He could see her only open eye being shocked beyond all reason, but she wasn’t seeing anything like she normally would. She was alive for the moment, at least, but if they waited much longer in their current position... Alex smacked his younger siblings flank. “Shade! Go! I’ve got the rear covered!”
He immediately pushed forward and up the street.
It was happening again, that same feeling coursed through him. Time seemed to slow, but his heart continued beating rapidly, filling and fueling his body. Heat began to pour out of his skin in rolling waives. He began to perspire in response to the high temperature. As Shade ran at his swiftest Alex found it easy to keep up with the set stride. He felt powerful again and could see and hear everything clearer than ever before. This feeling didn’t factor into the plan, but Alex was going to utilize it. It would benefit everything.
Shade didn’t once look back as he ran down the center of the road.
Something sounded off suddenly and Alex turned to see an arrow approaching his head. Without slowing his run, he jumped forward slightly and spun around. While rotating effortlessly in the air he brought the Xeal staff around to intercept. The arrow itself was an item because the barbed tip raised itself up to follow the movements of his head. A satisfying, shattering sound came as the shaft of the arrow broke from the knot at the end of the staff. He landed forward again and continued running as the first counterattack was thwarted. His running placement didn’t deviate an inch from the instantaneous spin.
When the brothers made it halfway up the road they were surprised as two guards on horseback appeared right in front of Shade’s immediate course.
Pumping his legs even harder Alex rounded his hasty partner, to remove the new obstacles from his path. As the increasing swiftness of his legs pumped he moved around Shade’s left side, he needed to remain focused on only running. Anything else could harm the valuable cargo. Alex had quickly managed to run in front of Shade and even pulled on ahead.
The two guards ran directly at them, horses snoring angrily at being spurred. One of their enemies was the man they met when they first arrived in Central City. His spiked baton started growing into a large spiked club. The other man had a large net as his item. The two men were still running down the main road, intent on thwarting the escape attempt. Torches that lined the main road were both an asset and a detriment. They helped to shine a path to freedom, but aided their enemies because they were now visible.
When the two opponents were close enough, Alex’s legs crouched lower and pushed up. His explosive momentum launched him right at the spiked club wielder. He brought his staff around and slammed it into the center of the guard’s chest before he could even react. The man was immediately ejected off the saddle and crashed onto the solid ground. Using the ribs of the same horse as a platform, Alex pushed off the gelding’s side and sprang at the net wielder. His head connected with the knot of the staff and slammed into the side of a nearby building, lifeless.
Landing back on the ground, after vaulting over the back of the horse, Shade had just then ran past his acrobatic brother. Alex launched forward once again, rapidly catching up to cover Shade’s rear.
Then they both saw the torch lit gate getting larger as they continued heading for it with another burst of extra effort, knowing their victory lay in sight. 
Movement near the gate revealed it was Marlin getting ready. As they arrived at the gate Alex noticed the one guard that was ordered to stay at this post, was unconscious and laying in the road. Marlin had taken care of that job personally and efficiently.
At the gate, Shade continued running, without slowing, as Alex veered off to his right. He pulled out Marlin’s fillet knife from the belt and grinned. Before the next job was completed he chanced a glance down the road. There were hundreds of torches eagerly approaching their position. Some had commandeered steeds and were rapidly approaching, compared to the others who ran on foot. Alex turned back to the weighted string and tightened his grip on the knife’s handle. Three swift cuts on the already tampered rope, the portcullis’s weight dropped.
As the weight plunged to the ground, the lines that were laid throughout the street began screaming as the rope tightened. The lines across the road tightened into trip ropes and the extra lines broke the refuse dams that he stopped up earlier. As the crowd ran, they couldn’t see the lines that were in front of them until they were flat on the ground. Alex couldn’t stop himself from laughing as so many were instantly tripped. Most of the group fell as one because not only did the line trip the first runners, but so too did the peoples bodies whom were forcibly grounded. The trip-lines tangled up the cavalry and even threw off some of the riders.
Then came the rolling sounds of the incoming waterlines and the sludge. The road almost immediately flooded. The city just received their justice.
He ran right back to the gate, before the smell could hit. He continued to run until the spiked gate was behind him. Shade was standing in the very center of the bridge and he had laid Lily down on the wood. Beside him sat a small barrel. Marlin must have found the oil. Alex thought quickly. Shade stood over her flat form while glaring down the road, ready to challenge any who dared approach. Alex looked to his left and yelled “Marlin! Now!” and then he ran over to check on Shade and Lily.
The three pronged hook of Marlin’s item, that held the metal gate’s full weight, became straight. With the hook no longer holding up the tremendous weight of metal, the solid spiked gate slammed onto the ground with a metallic crash for the next foreseeable future. Marlin pulled out from behind the wall, carrying his item and a burning torch. The translucent line continued retracting inside the tip of the cane. Then he began running up to Alex while the pole began collapsing, once the line fully reabsorbed.
Marlin stopped and looked down at Lily for the first time, securing the shortened pole in the belt loops of his pants. “She doesn’t look too well.”
“I know. Now get on.” His eyes widened at his friend’s sudden order. Alex spoke so quickly that Marlin was almost uncertain what he said. “I’ll run. You have to ride Shade and hold her until we make our escape. He already knows.”
Marlin wasn’t moving nearly fast enough so Alex picked him up and easily tossed him over Shade’s back. He laid across Shade’s spine and soon took the hint. He managed to twist his body so his legs could straddle the sides and handed his friend the burning torch. Shade then slowly moved over as Alex knelt by Lily’s unconscious side. She was still breathing.
Alex jabbed the end of the torch in the crack of the wooden bridge. They couldn’t stay here much longer so he slid his arms under her legs and back. Soon she was cradled protectively in his arms. The way his body felt made hers feel weightless. Shade moved closer to his brother’s side to hasten their escape. Lifting higher, Marlin helped guide her down on Shade’s back; side saddle. Marlin tucked her into his chest and positioned himself so she wouldn’t easily fall. He reached forward and grabbed Shade’s shoulder fur in his left hand.
Marlin ordered “Shade! Go!” Shade understood his name, but surmised the easily readable situation and began running at a measured speed. Shade couldn’t understand the human speech, but he began to understand only his name in the human language.
Once he began leaving Alex picked the torch up again, kicked over the barrel of oil and threw the torch down. Flames erupted from the spill and quickly consumed the drawbridge. Before long none would be able to cross the rapidly deteriorating bridge, even if the crowd managed to open the gate.
As they made it off the bridge they all heard the people screaming and pounding on the sealed gate. People were cursing not only from the escape, but from the increasing unsanitary conditions of their own city. They still needed to run because the Guard were making their way to the upper wall to spot them and would undoubtedly fire long range weapons.
Then there was a stroke of even more luck once they ran for over a league. It had begun to rain, obscuring their enemies view even further. They used the completely dark main road as they continued running in the rain. Any tracks they’d make would soon be washed away. And their scents would be diluted if they brought dogs to track the escapees down.
They watched as the trees became larger and the rain had all but stopped. The four of them had run five leagues without another problem or further altercations. They continued running down the road and turned into the trees just as soon as they could. They sprinted through the trees for another hour, making many false trails should the trackers somehow follow, and since Shade’s weight had increased with his riders and large size, Alex was forced to cover the tracks being left behind. Not even the king’s best trackers could follow them by conventional means. They would be safe for a short time.
That raised their hope even more.
The four of them had made it safely to camp and it was remarkably dry from the rain they were just in. Shade slowly trotted to a stop, panting heavily. Alex’s heavy breathing was almost as strident. Bile lapped on Alex’s tongue and his muscles were screaming in agony. Shade then made it to the very center of the camp and slowly lowered himself and his passengers to the soft grass.
The slam of reality that happened was weaker and not as sudden like in the past. Things began to slowly pick up speed as Alex’s heartbeat had slowed during the long run. He tired from the strenuous exercise, but remained fully alert. It wasn’t as disorientating either and there weren’t any violent spasms, but his fingertips shook mildly.
With Marlin’s help, they carefully scooped Lily off Shade’s back and laid her on the ground. She was still unconscious, probably from being carried in his sibling’s mouth, Alex assumed. She looked so frail and helpless compared to the last time they met. Before they could do anything else about the situation Alex needed to see the extent of her condition.
While Marlin began preparing a small fire, making it as smokeless as possible with only the driest tender, Alex began her examination. With Marlin’s knife, he cut the burlap she was clothed in, from her neck and all the way down to the end of the sack. He carefully removed it because some parts of the sack were stained with dried blood and other fluids. There wasn’t any proof to see that it wasn’t her blood so to rip it off could cause further harm. Opening the sack was one of the most embarrassing things a man could do to an unconscious woman, but her health was a larger priority than his own embarrassment.
Her long arms were thinner and less toned, but the scars were the same as he remembered them in their first encounter. Her long legs were soft and only a single scar marred her leg’s flesh and was isolated on her left thigh. The tops of her feet had been scraped raw and bloodied because of how they dragged her around. Alex couldn’t even articulate the rancid odor that came off of her, after being exposed to them for so long had permeated themselves on her. And as he looked at her torso, he saw her third item in its bare entirety.
This item is unlike one that he has ever seen. Her chest was covered with what looked like a living, liquid metal. It covered most of her breast, abdomen and all the way down to cover her groin. It was shaped like a V with the silver edges covering her breasts and cleavage. It helped ease his embarrassment because he couldn’t see her feminine parts and risk her anger at him. The armor reflected light like highly polished silver. It formed over the contours of her body like a perfectly revealing glove. Her breasts were small, and since she was starved like a caged animal, her ribcage was her most dominant torso feature. The item only covered her front, but her sides and back showed how starving she was. Her frail body looked as weak and bony as his had once been, before they’d met. The entire left side of her torso was bruised from where she was repeatedly kicked over and over. She had a small laceration under her left arm and another on her inner thigh; close to her groin. On the tip of her toes and fingers were bite marks from rats.
Further examinations required touch as he began feeling lightly. After a quick assessment, it revealed that she only had a single broken rib and one broken toe. Other than that, he was confident that she would heal in time.
About this time Marlin finally started the fire and Shade had finally caught his breath. Alex took off his tunic and draped it over her exposed body, for some modesty. “Marlin, I need an extra set of hands. We need to clean her up, but first we need to get these restraints off her.”
“Shackles like those aren’t a problem for me,” With his item in the belt loops, Marlin grabbed the three pronged hook and pulled out some line; the cane stayed retracted in his belt loops. He knelt on her other side and Alex watched as the hooks began moving oddly, like they had a mind of their own. Marlin could alter their shape more than he first explained. He went for her locked ankles first and stuck the hook inside the keyhole. His hands jiggled and then twisted. The lock clicked, opened and fell off her chafed and blistered ankles. He did the same for the other three locks and dropped the chain’s down on the ripped sack.
Where the restraints were on her ankles and wrists, left purple bruises and had rubbed her skin raw. Then his grey eyes locked onto Shade’s not long after she was freed. “I will need for you to properly dispose of the sack and restraints. We don’t need another incident like we had at Trade City.” Shade nodded in understanding of the meaning. The last thing they needed was for the shackles to be used in locating their immediate position.
With the soap retrieved from Alex’s bag, his arms easily slipped under her body again. He walked over to the stream and Marlin was right behind him; also bare chest. Making it into the water was refreshingly cool and helped ease the pain in their aching muscles. Once they walked into the water they stopped, until Alex’s abdominals were submerged. Marlin held his hands out as Lily was slowly transferred over. Marlin slowly eased her into the water and they watched as her limp body began to react positively to the rejuvenating liquid. After so many months of imprisonment, she was feeling comfort even if she wasn’t conscious of it.
She moaned in relief and they thought she was going to wake, but were disappointed. Alex then moved closer and started gently scrubbing her arms.
While bathing her, Alex’s voice became soothing. “Lily, you are out of prison. You no longer need to worry. You’re safe now…” She really didn’t respond to his voice, but once, her cracked lips had touched into a slight smile for a moment. He then began scrubbing her head last. All the blood and grime that clung to her washed slowly downstream. There were two small cuts in her scalp, but they had already begun to heal. Alex’s smile grew as her hair started becoming pure white once again and her hair had lengthened slightly to touch her shoulders.
Marlin traded Lily for the bar of soap and his knife. While he bathed Alex walked out of the water with her. His smile grew as Shade returned and managed to spread out the leather blanket, close to the fire. “Thank you for doing that, Shade.” He smiled as Alex walked onto it and carefully laid her body down.
Shade stayed by her side as his brother ran over to get his pack. He dumped the contents of the pack at the edge of the leather. Inside was a change of old clothes, a metal cup, the former salt sack that now contained the last two soaps and her two white sheathed swords. He grabbed his spare clean pants and unfurled them. It was time to redress the rescued victim. Alex went to her legs and put one leg in each sleeve. She was easy to redress because they were the same height, but his clothes were a little large because of his increased bulk. His other top was difficult to put her in, and his wet tunic was draped over a tree branch soon after she was fully dressed. Alex rolled up the edge of the leather spread to raise her head, like a pillow. She seemed to look more comfortable after being laid down.
We did it, we escaped the largest prison unscathed. Uncle, you gave me the strength and the skills to do the impossible once again. Because of you, we seceded in our mission and saved my first friend.
His mind kept spinning as she finally looked decent enough to sleep comfortably. A hand on his shoulder brought him back to reality. “Alex, let me watch over her for a while. Go clean yourself up. I’d think you’d want to see her looking more like yourself, like she remembers you from your first meeting.” He handed over the knife and the soap.
Shaving was difficult because of how quickly his beard grew out and it was a month’s growth which was more difficult. He eventually managed to finally have a smooth jaw once again and it felt great. Soon he removed all the harsh smelling sweat that clung to his body, to be replaced with being clean and scentless. He wrung out his saturated pants and slid them back on.
While they waited for her to awaken, Marlin broke the silence. “Alex, when we trained these past few nights, were you going easy on me?”
Alex raised his eyes from Lily to meet his blue. “Nay, why do you ask?”
“Because tonight was a realization for me; when we fought I consistently beat you, but you did things tonight that was more impossible than how you can just speak to fiends. You were actually running faster than Shade. I’ve never heard of a Shadow Fang ever being outran before, especially by a human. And what’s more you ran by his side for over five leagues without stopping tonight. No human I’ve ever seen or heard of could have done that and still be awake.”
Marlin needed honesty about what he witnessed from his friend. “Actually this is only the fourth time that it has happened to me like that. I don’t have any clue as to why, but it feels different than how I normally am. When the feeling hits…it’s like everything slows down to a crawl. I can see and hear everything around me even clearer than normal. Then there’s how my body really feels. I feel faster and stronger than I’ve ever felt and my heart beats almost out of my chest.” His grey eyes drifted to Lily’s weakened form. He smiled as a feeling nostalgia surged in his memories. “The very first time that feeling hit, it was in saving her life.”
“You really care for her.” It wasn’t a question, simply an observation. Marlin then asked “What should we do next?”
Blue eyes were calm. Alex’s plan was simple and Marlin liked it.

After another hour, both Shade and Marlin were too exhausted to stay awake. They slept softly and close together. They were just a few feet away as they slept on Lily’s other side.
Then a soft moan alerted Alex to a miracle.
Lily slowly had awakened and he was already on his knees, looking down at her. Her hand slowly came up and touched her head. She whispered “Ouch,” and then tried to sit up, but she was too weak for any physical activity. Malnutrition and no exercise had taken their tolls on her.
Alex’s voice became excited. “Lily! Lily, can you hear me?” Both Marlin and Shade woke and looked at her when his voice broke the silent night with such excitement and glee.
Her voice was weak. “That voice… I know it from somewhere…” She turned her head slowly and her white hair fell across her neck. Her one good eye slowly opened. A smile grew more pronounced as he saw her beautiful amethyst eye looking weakly at him once again. “Alex?” His grinned widened even at her diluted tone. “It looks like we finally meet in the next life after all. My friend, I did as you said…but it wound up being my end.”
“Lily…” He was so overcome with joy and love that he grasped her shoulders and pulled her up into his chest. His relief was all consuming as she was in his arms. Then her smell made him joyful because it was nearly like the sea breeze once again. She was dry, but her skin still felt a little cool.
He realized his mistake and pulled away to lean her against the ground again. He wiped the tears away from his eyes. “I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?” She shook her head slowly. “I’m so glad.” It wasn’t exactly sensual, but he placed the palm of his hand against her cheek. “Listen, you are still very much alive.”
“I didn’t know the spirits could lie.” She tried to laugh, but it was more of a choking chuckle sound.
“We can dispute my truth later.” Alex removed his hand from her face. “Do you think that you can drink some water?” She nodded hesitantly. His eyes met Marlin’s. “Lily, this is my new friend Marlin. He’s going to help you to sit up.”
She sounded delirious and the way she looked at him with her unfocused eye; she was. “Hello, Marlin. So you’re Alex’s second friend?”
He glanced and had come to the same silent conclusion as Alex. His voice was calm and conciliate. “Aye, Lily, I’m his friend. Now let’s sit you up.”
Marlin shuffled around to Lily’s side. He gently slid his arm under her shoulders and raised her into a seating position. He then slowly rested her back against his chest. As he did that, they already had filled the metal bowl with water and already had it warmed from the fire. Alex picked up the warm metal and gently brought it up to her dry and cracked lips. Tilting the bowl up, she opened her mouth, by only a small amount. From the healer books he’s read reminded him to give the water slowly and make sure it’s swallowed correctly. So he only poured enough to wet her mouth. She coughed and they waited until she requested for more. This time she drank a few sips without coughing.
After the bowl of water reached her stomach Alex said “You should eat something soft. Wait a moment.”
He stood and walked over to his staff, picked it up and went over to the large apple tree. Finding the perfect apple was easy and he used the staff to knock it down. He caught the large apple with one hand. Then Lily spoke deliriously and it made Alex look. “What a pretty Shadow Fang… Were you the one Alex killed?”
Shade had moved to sit in front of her and he looked at her oddly, with alerted ears and a tilted head. He sat at the very edge of the leather and looked proud. As Alex came back into the fire light he asked “What did she say?” Alex told him and he laughed.
“Why did you just bark?” Lily’s eye shifted to Alex’s. Marlin was trying his best to not laugh as he held her up.
“Don’t think too hard on that right now. Just relax.” She quieted as he sat down by her side to begin making her meal.
The fillet knife helped Alex to cut out most of the meat from the apple. The bowl was perfect for crushing the meat into a sauce. He knew she couldn’t handle anything heavy or too much at the moment. The remaining apple that couldn’t be used went to Shade and he ate it and soon turned his attention returned to Lily. After grinding it down to a wet pulp, Lily practically drank the sweet meal.
Once the contents vanished Marlin laid her back down. “Do you miss these?” Her head turned to Alex as he held out her swords. Her good eye widened and she forced one arm out and grasped them like they were her very soul. With both swords in her hand she brought them closer and clutched them to her breast. She finally smiled as she turned her head on the makeshift pillow.
Before they knew what happened she had fallen fast asleep.
“That was…different.” Marlin admitted with only a mild chuckle. “She was definitely delirious. Who could blame her?”
“When we first met, you were almost the in the same predicament.” Marlin unconsciously reached up and felt his head where he was struck. “You were just as coherent as she.”
Marlin leaned back with an approving smile. “You were correct in making us stay here. Who knows what might have happened if we kept fleeing and she was in this condition.”
“We would have made a mistake and the worst would have befallen us all.”
Before Marlin and Shade told Alex to get some sleep, some color had returned to Lily’s sickly skin. That little bit of food and water seemed to really help her condition. Alex then moved over to sleep on Shade’s ribs, since he had moved over off the clearing. Exhaustion won over his body and sleep took over.
Welcome back to freedom again, Lily.





Chapter 12

“ALEX!” Shade howled in desperation and Alex’s eyes instantly flew open, ready for danger.
Off to the side of the clearing moved Shade, running in circles and jumping. He was moving like when they spar, Alex saw, but he wasn’t sparring, he was evading an opponent’s fierce and unrelenting assault. Alex clutched his staff tightly; since it never really leaves his side. His legs began running even before he was standing properly. He crossed the small clearing and came to Shade’s aid.
Before he made it to his side there was a metallic clang as something hit his fur coat and was deflected. Then there came a battle cry, but not from any fiend.
Alex ran around Shade’s body as he struggled to avoid being hit again from the pressing enemy. A human fought against Shade. While jumping between them, Alex’s staff began deflecting fast and fierce blows. Two fearsome blades were whipping dangerously through the early morning light. The staff weapon was suited for fighting multiple opponents and those with multiple weapons. He could dodge, deflect and attack simultaneously. There wasn’t enough time to think as the two swords converged on him. His staff started spinning to deflect every deadly and focused blow. What took mere seconds felt like minutes against such a skilled fighter as this. Then the two swords were deflected back as his staff flipped in his wrist with all the strength his arms had to offer. That was the only opening Alex was searching for.
With the swords forced overhead Alex kicked the assailant squarely in the chest. The person flailed backwards and landed on the ground. Then the end of his staff flipped and pointed at the person’s throat, ready to be used again should there be another struggle. His voice was laced with angered authority. “Make another move and your dead.” The body stopped fighting. “Who are you?”
“My name is Lily.” Her voice spilled out defiantly.
“Lily?” Alex turned to where he last left her during the night and she was gone. Turning back, he asked in a gentler voice “Lily, why were you trying to hurt Shade? He helped me to rescue you last night.”
Lily lay on the ground with her white hair sprawled out over the grass. Her skin looked healthier, but her one eye remained swollen shut. Her only open and rich purple eye revealed was prepared for a battle to the death. She clutched a sword in each of her hands, ready to be used if her opponent dropped his guard. He remembered the crescent blade all too clearly and it was shaking in the grass, she was trying to distract Alex so her other weapon could be used. The other blade was rectangular, with three bladed edges, but that didn’t catch his eye first. The rectangular short sword was a dark pink, like a rose. Each sword she had was of the same length, but were completely different in shape. Her white sheathes were missing and they were probably laying on the ground, where she freed them.
“Look out! A Shadow Fang is right behind you!” She warned.
Unconcerned, Alex raised his left arm, withdrew the end of his weapon from her throat and planted the butt of the staff firmly in the ground. Shade lowered his head so he could come under the raised arm. He lifted Alex’s arm up and he began to pet his brother’s large head. Lily’s one good eye widened in confusion and fear at this partnership. “Lily, this is Shade. He helped me to rescue you… Stay right there until I return.”
Marlin was standing with his pole extended, ready for what was occurring. He didn’t say anything, but he was prepared for the eventuality of a fight. To placate him Alex said “It was just Lily.”
Locating the two sheathes were easy because they were as pure white as her hair. After picking them up, Marlin walked back with him to Lily.
Lily hadn’t moved nor had Shade, who watched her coolly. Alex tossed her the two sheathes and stated “Put your items away.” She sat up cautiously and slid each sword into their scabbards seeing how outnumbered she was. Even she knew her condition was useless against these three.
Alex sat on his heels, after his staff was planted to his right. “Lily, what do you remember from yesterday? Take as much time that you require.” He looked up at Shade. “Sit down. She needs to see you aren’t a threat.” Lily gasped at the strange primal grunts and growls that came out of his mouth and he knew she had already forgotten his ability from last night.
Shade laid on his belly while keeping a close watch of her every movement. Marlin took the hint and sat next to his friend’s side. Alex studied Lily’s eyes as she looked at the three of them. She was processing her options and her expressions started going from shock, disbelief, mistrustful, frightened, outnumbered, pride and even more looks that were difficult to articulate.
She finally said “Last night?... That was my supposed to be my execution. I’m alive somehow because I’m still feeling weak. One wouldn’t feel this bad in the next life, would they? I don’t really remember too much after a loud howl, it was sounded after they tried taking my head. The rest is all foggy.”
“Do you remember me?”
Her purple eye squinted. “I don’t remember your face, but that voice… Alex?” Then she began to blink in confusion. “Am I actually dead?”
“Aye, it’s truly me Lily. And nay, you are very much alive.” Alex smiled.
“This cannot be real. If I’m still alive then you cannot truly be my friend, Alex. He was…” She shook her head and her pure white hair swayed from the sudden shake.
His chest remained exposed from taking his tunic off to dry throughout the night so he twisted his left arm straight out. “Look at my arm. It was the one you popped back in place.” Her eye instantly shifted to the large bite scars that were prominently left behind by Shade’s uncle. “It really is me, my friend. We are both truly alive.”
“But…? But…? But how? I saw that the Shadow Fang you killed, pumped its toxin into your body. You should be dead.”
“I should be, but I’m not.” He admitted to her. “I’m somehow immune to the toxin.” Alex then stood up and the other two followed his lead and rose with him. “You’re still weak from your imprisonment. Follow us and we’ll get you some food.” Petting Shade’s head he added “We need some meat. Do you feel up to a hunt? We could use the filling food. Stay away from the road and if you spot any trackers or scent come back immediately.”
He grinned. “I’ll be right back.” He turned and strolled into the woods.
Marlin began talking to Lily and the conversation gained Alex’s attention. “As you can tell, Alex can speak with fiends and practically every other animal. I’m still not used to all the sounds he makes, but it works. That Shadow Fang is Shade. He and Alex became something like brothers after Alex saved you from the other Shadow Fang.” Then he stopped speaking and realized she didn’t know who he was. “I’m sorry. My name is Marlin. I’m also a recent friend of Alex’s. He has told me much about you.” He looked at Alex, winked and grinned. “I’ll try to catch us something. Shade went hunting, right?” Alex nodded and then Marlin walked away from them.
Alex walked up to her and extended an arm. “We have much to discuss.”
“Aye, we do.” She finally smiled and grabbed his wrist. The moment they touched a strange tingling sensation occurred where their skin contacted. Before the sensation could affect Alex any more, she stood erect and their hands disengaged.
When Alex’s back turned to her and he couldn’t see, she looked at her hand to wonder what she had just felt. Strange?
After he walked her over to the leather bedding, they began talking and she kept drinking as much water that she dare handle. The sun came up almost towards noon and Alex had done most of the talking. Mostly because she wanted to hear how she had been rescued. Both Shade and Marlin hadn’t come back yet as they continued catching up. And she was intrigued mostly about his abilities to speak with fiends.
She caught Alex off guard as she asked in an unconcerned tone “So who dressed me in these clothes?”
She made him choke. “Umm… I did. I also cleaned you up.”
Lily was unfazed at such words. It was to be expected. “Well thank you. It really was a mess being inside that prison for four months. I must have really been filthy to look at. So what did you think of my naked body?” She grinned and then began to laugh.
She might have thought him bathing her as a joke, but he growled, infuriated. “I want to kill every person who harmed you. They tortured and forced you to live in filth for so long. When they were done doing that, they paraded you around to make you look like a traitor. They starved you and marred your beautiful body. Every person who harmed you should be given the exact same punishment.”
“So you think my body’s beautiful?” She said evenly and then she rolled up the sleeves of her arms. “You think I’m beautiful with all of these battle scars?”
His grey eyes didn’t waver from hers. She seemed to appreciate that. “Do you remember what I said, when we first met that night after the battle with Shade’s uncle. You asked why I looked happy and I said ‘Because I have the most beautiful woman in the world as my friend’ I spoke the truth that night. When you get back to your old self I’ll show you your beauty.”
For the first time in her entire existence she looked down and began to blush. She looked so frail suddenly and before she could give him a retort a noise in the forest alerted them to an approaching presence.
It was Shade bringing a large doe into camp. Alex whistled over to the water’s edge and Marlin came over just as Shade dropped his kill by the fire’s edge. Shade’s hunting is still better than ever
Shade said that he didn’t find any trackers coming in their direction, but their escape had stirred the entire city like a hornet’s nest. Alex then told the others the positive news to receive quiet laughter. Then Lily stood up and did something no one expected. She stood both proud and weakly. “Shade, is it? I apologize for attacking you. I thought you were going to eat us.”
Shade looked to Alex for clarification.
“Lily, take this.” He handed over his staff. “Can you read and write?” She said she could. “Good. Shade cannot understand human language, but he can read and write anything that you wish to convey to him.” Her eye widened in disbelief. “Go over to that patch of soil and write to him and see what happens.”
The three men watched as she reluctantly walked over to the soil. Marlin had begun cutting into the deer meat as she began using the staff as a writing aid. Alex stood and Shade walked with him over to Lily’s side.
Once she stepped away from the sand, Shade moved forward to read. Lily wrote exactly what she said as an apology. Shade then walked up and scratched her writing away. Then he began writing and she whispered “Impossible. He does understand.” He moved away as he finally finished scratching in the words. She then began reading aloud in a dumbfounded voice. “Yes, my name is truly Shade. I saved your puny life and you repay my generosity by attacking me in my sleep. My brother might fancy you, but if you attack me ever again I will not hold back.”
She looked at Alex wide eyed and then looked at Shade who wasn’t showing any emotion. He had meant every word. She then wrote another quick letter and then Shade read “If you don’t attack me, I won’t be forced to kill you either.” Shade finally broke into a grin and looked up at Alex. “I like her.”
“Well then write it down.” He gladly did.
She looked at the exchange between the brother’s cautiously and then read. She burst into laughter and it was a beautiful and seductive laugh. “Marlin’s right, your ability to speak to Shade is a little disconcerting, but it is fascinating to listen to. I’ve made the oddest friends.” She walked up and patted Shade’s ribs and he sloppily licked the entire side of her face.
Her stunned expression sent all of them into a laughing fit.
The meat was cooked soon enough and they all ate their fill; Lily especially. She ate ravenously and they all knew why. Her body was starving. After the meal, she and Marlin became acquainted. He explained how Shade and Alex had saved his life, when she asked how they all met. She laughed and said that Alex must take it upon himself to save everyone. She then listened to his side of the story on how they got her out of the city.
Later on she asked “So what are we going to do now? We are all wanted fugitives now. I bet we already have a substantial bounty for our heads. A good number I’d wager. No prisoner has escaped that prison in over thirty years.” She laughed.
Marlin and Alex exchanged worried looks and he nodded for Alex to speak on that subject. “Lily, we are going to join Freelan. We have gotten permission for you to join as well, but it is your choice if you’d like to join with us.”
She sat stunned for the longest time. Then she cleared her throat. “Freelan is a rebel group that opposes the king. How could I possibly join a group when I’ve killed so many people in the name of sacrifice? Their people? I cannot even begin to tell you all I’ve done for the Royal Guard.”
“Freelan is a group that is trying to abolish the foolish notion that sacrifice is the only key to happiness. I want people to think for themselves, just like you came to do. You knew that killing that family was wrong and you took the best option in securing that family’s lives. Killing your superior shifted the focus off the family and onto yourself. You’re my first friend and I couldn’t have been more proud of you than I already am. I’m grateful for how you’ve changed.”
She smiled and was trying not to cry, she vowed not to ever cry again. She had changed after meeting him only once, but she knew not why he could say and do things that caused such a reaction in her. She needed to clear her straying thoughts and asked “But, how can I join a group with so much blood on my hands?”
“Then use your bloodied hands to help end the king’s regime. More blood will be spilt if you just give up. You know this as truth, you’ve seen it and felt the effects for those who think differently than they do. I hate killing, but it is a fact of life to survive. Life and death is a gamble already, but put a tyrant on the throne and death will topple the scales until all that’s left of life is existing from day to day. Life and freedom are the only things we hope to achieve. Just think about it and let me know when you decide. If you choose to not want to join then you can go wherever you want.”
She looked down and started rubbing her fingers over the two swords in her lap. “I…” She stopped short when there came a loud rustling noise, coming in their direction.
Shade and the rest of them were instantly on their feet. Shade started growling deeply and his fur was bristling. He was surprised because the wind blew from the opposite direction and he didn’t catch the scent. Marlin had his pole extended and flipped back behind his shoulder, ready to throw the bobber with its maximum weight. Alex jumped in front of Lily as she had each of her swords brandished in the sunlight. Alex, as leader, held his staff defensively at the front of the pack.
The sound became louder and the large bush at the edge of the clearing began shaking.
Then a familiar snort entered the clearing. “Alex? If it’s you, speak to me.”
Alex lowered his staff and casually stood up. “Clift?”
The chestnut horse, who gained his freedom, walked out from behind the bush with his head held high. His short brown hair glistened in the sunlight. His mane blew in the gentle breeze. Even hooves looked well. The only thing out of place was that he hasn’t been brushed clean in quite some time. Once his brown eyes met Alex’s he neighed happily. “Alex, I finally found you!”
Clift quickly trotted up to his side proudly. Once the others saw it was him they relaxed. Marlin explained to Lily who it was. Alex asked “Clift, what are you doing here? I thought you were long gone by now.”
He threw his head back, dignified. “After you freed me, I searched for a mare or other wild horses, but my search was in vain. Every wild horse, colt and mare has been captured and broken for humans to treat as slaves. There were a few promising scents, but they were all old and gone from this area. So I decided to track down your scent.”
“Why did you come back?” Shade barked as he walked up by his brother’s side.
Clift wasn’t afraid of Shade’s approach because they slowly became comfortable with each other during their long travels together. “Because there isn’t anywhere for me to go at the moment. Plus I’ve somehow grown attached to the three of you, Marlin especially. He has taken good care of me during our travels. He is a respectable two-legged stallion. I want to rejoin your pack until a herd of horses allows me to join them.” His ear’s swerved forward. “Who’s the new mare with the white mane?”
Turning around, Alex held his hand out to Lily. She still clutched her items, but she shifted her three bladed pink weapon to her crescent hand. Her left hand touched his right and he led her up to his side. “Clift, this is Lily. Thanks to your help we were able to rescue her last night.” Alex then turned to Lily and introduced her to him, after letting their hands separate.
Clift put his flared nostrils close to her face as he took in her scent. He then raised his nose a little bit. She looked at Alex awkwardly, but Marlin said “He wants you to scratch his chin. He enjoys it.” Clift never said that aloud, but Alex did remember seeing Marlin doing that every now and then.
Lily smiled as she scratched Clift’s bottom jaw. He almost purred with pleasure. Once she finished she asked “What did he want in coming here?”
“He wants to come back.” Marlin liked the idea and patted Clift’s flank. Alex asked if everyone wanted him back and he gave Clift the good news.
Once the introductions were over he asked “So where are we going to next?”
They couldn’t stay here any longer so they began packing. For all they knew there were already search parties heading in this very direction. The longer they remained the greater the chance of being spotted, or worse. They all told Lily to sit under the shade of the trees and rest while they packed up. She firmly said “I’m as useful as any man.”
“I don’t doubt that, but right now you need to let your body recover. You have been through much and I will not have your pride getting in the way of your well being. Just take it easy.” Her expression lit furiously, but she knew that Alex’s words were true and he was only watching out for her well being. She sat in the shade after he gave her his spare leather belt. She needed it more than Alex because the pants she wore were continually sliding down, off her hips. She then slid a sword to each hip before finally relaxing.
Packing was easier with Marlin’s help and once Alex’s bag was ready, he put out the fire and began hiding the evidence of their stay. The doe skin from Shade’s hunt was still in good condition so Marlin was charged with salvaging the hide for their use at a later time. It would prove useful when Alex would need a quiet distraction. He already had a plan in mind for it. Marlin shaved off most of the hair from the skin by the time Alex was finally finished breaking camp down.
Marlin washed the hide off in the river before giving it to Alex. He then began loading up Clift with the cloth he saved and his pack was tied behind where he would sit. Alex tied the ends of the new skin over the top of his pack before he slid the pack on his shoulders. It would dry during the day’s travel.
Lily had been too quiet as they packed up and Alex’s pride grew once his eyes found her. Shade lay by her side and they were both writing in a small patch of sand. A few hours ago she was trying to kill him, but now they were becoming fast friends.
“Is everyone ready?” Alex asked and everyone said they were.
Marlin easily jumped atop Clift, but Lily’s reaction was hilarious. “What!? You want me to ride Shade? Why?”
Shade offered for her to ride him because she was unfit to travel on foot. Even if her condition was ideal she didn’t have shoes and her feet weren’t used to changing terrain. Shade was correct and he had already taken a shining to her after their private conversation. Both Shade and Alex were looking at her as she became inhibited at the thought of doing something no one else besides Alex has ever done. Then Shade reminded him of a certain fact and it was translated. “He said you rode on his back yesterday.”
While she was stunned to hear this bit of information, Alex stepped forward to make a reckless move. He grasped both of her hips and lifted. Shade moved strategically under, squatting down. As she now straddled his back, she took an opportunity in her embarrassment as her fist rounded and connected squarely with Alex’s jaw. “Don’t ever do that without my permission again!” He staggered back from her satisfying blow and it had some power behind it, even in her weakened state. Shade quickly stood and she said “Whoa” and clutched his fur for safety.
Marlin began laughing. “That was a great punch, Lily. I knew Alex found a woman who could keep him in line.”
She sat her good eye deftly on him and he cowered under such a dangerous stare. “Do you want to be next?” She smiled as he shook his head rapidly. “Now that I’ve settled that, where are we going?”
Alex’s jaw continued throbbing, but his voice remained calm. “We will head west until you make a decision on if you wish to join us or go where ever you want. Once you’re feeling whole again that is. We cannot tell you where our destination lies unless you reach a decision on your own. If you decide to leave you won’t know where we are heading, but we won’t fault you for a decision you’ve made. If you wish to stay and join you’ll learn what we know.”
“Who are you going to ride with?” She asked calmly.
“Since we hurried to get to you I want to make our way at a comfortable pace. I’m going to walk with everyone else. You just relax and look pretty.” She looked confused, but didn’t offer any more objections.
With staff in hand, Alex turned and began heading west. The other four followed and soon walked by his side. They headed directly into the trees and left the prison far behind.





Chapter 13

Everyone remained quiet as they traveled throughout the day, hearing shouting in the distance on more than one occasion. Sometimes they had to flee men on foot, but Shade’s scent as a predator made other species flee. Everyone was thinking about different things, mostly not being caught, but none voiced their many thoughts. The silence wasn’t difficult though. It was welcomed after all that has occurred to each member of the pack. Another worry was that they had to listen to their surroundings or else blindly fall into enemy hands. More than once did Clift’s and Shade’s acute senses make them successfully avoid unwanted attention.
Marlin expertly rode on Clift’s back. Clift moved easier through the trees as they began to thin out and become grassy. Shade kept his head level as he silently walked by his brother’s side. And then there was Lily.
Her hips moved expertly with each of Shade’s sure, lithe and silent steps. Her two white swords matched her hip movements. She barely held his silky fur with one hand as she sat proudly atop. Her legs tightened moments before Shade made any larger movements, like going around a tree or moving on a small hill. Most impressive of all was her face. Her swollen eye had become less severely swollen, but it had begun to bruise. Her good eye would scan the surroundings and every now and then Alex would catch her looking down at him. When the breeze blew, her white hair it would cascade everywhere and she would bring it back to order with a single tuck of her hand. Alex could help himself from staring in wonder as she was so mesmerizingly beautiful.
The staff proved a great aid because last night’s fight made all of his muscles ache with every movement. It was most likely a side effect of the sudden increased senses and strength. He was sore, but the long walk helped stretch out those aching muscles. The ground was dry and soft, which benefitted his feet.
About two hours before dark, Marlin broke the lengthy silence. “Lily, I was wondering about your items. Not many people have more than one.” She studied him carefully. “Oh sorry. Maybe I should explain my item first. It’s only fair right.” Lily listened intently to Marlin as he explained all of the abilities his fishing pole had. Her eye widened as he made the fist sized bobber slam into another tree and shook it. Squirrels yelled angrily and barked at him for the disturbance, but he didn’t seem to notice. Alex had warned Clift what was going to happen so he wouldn’t spook. He didn’t.
“I can see why the guard wanted you in their ranks. The Water Guard would especially want you.”
Alex stopped to ask “What’s the Water Guard?”
Shade and Clift both stopped so they could talk, Alex would tell them what was said later. She nodded and explained. “The Royal Guard is split into three large companies. The most well known are the Land Guard. Most of the military is in this category and they occupy almost all lands. The Water Guard are divided by those who have items compatible with water. Then there is the King’s Guard. These guards are all level five and answer only to the king, inside the Royal City of Ra’van. Only native children are conscripted. The King’s Guard are free to go wherever they wish, but they have to be given orders by high ranking officers because they are ruthless and sometimes get carried away in their duties.” She then looked down.
“You are a King’s Guard.” Alex noticed softly and Marlin gasped at this realization. Lily eyes met his confident grey, slowly.
“I was a King’s Guard. Now I’m just me.” Alex smiled at her brightly. “Thanks to you I’m not being blindly led and taking on heinous orders any longer. I can be me, for once in my life. It is an odd feeling to be yourself instead of what others tell you to be.”
“That is why I’m joining Freelan. Other people need to feel freedom like you have only begun to taste.” Marlin also said that is why he wanted to join the group as well and to also rescue his brother.
She looked at their surroundings. “Can we set up camp for the night?”
Soon they found a stream and decided to set up camp there. By the time night fell they had an open canopy camp. They sat around a fire and hoped it wouldn’t rain. Marlin caught two fish and Shade ate them both. Lily, Marlin and Alex ate half of the remaining deer meat that they had stored in their packs.
Marlin began stoking the fire as Alex continued working with the leather he had drying during their walk. His staff really helped this time as he stretched and worked the material. Then Lily cleared her throat and his attention went to her. “Marlin, earlier you asked about my items. You are right because it is only fair.”
She stood up and the rest of them watched her go. She rolled up her sleeves and began explaining. She first drew the rectangular pink sword from her hip. She held it out for them to see clearly. “This short sword is my favorite and you will both see why shortly. This is more than a solid blade because it can modify itself.”
Suddenly the blade of her sword looked to be shaving off slivers of itself in the size of thin scales or flower petals. Before anyone knew what happened, the entire blade dissolved and only the guard and hilt remained in her grasp. Shade and the other three of them watched in amazement as the pink petals seemed to dance around her in a sphere. Her voice was calm and clear as the tiny specks of her sword moved of their own accord, but were guided by her will. “This item of mine is normally in a solid form, but it can break apart into thousands of razor thin shards. They carry out my thoughts and can kill any opponent within a hundred paces of me.” She raised the hilt and the petals swirled around it and quickly formed into a three bladed sword once more. Not even a single shaving or petal seemed to be missing.
As she slid the sword back in its sheath she thumbed her chest. “As you and Alex have already seen I have a defensive item normally covering my most vital parts. My heart, breasts, liver and other internal organs are all protected from the front.” She extended her left arm and the metal Alex thought had moved, actually did. It moved under the tunic from her chest and seemed to flow down her arm. Soon her fist and forearm became fully encased in the metal. “This item is both an offensive and defensive, depending on where I move it on my body. This item has been attached to my body since the day I was first born and will never come off. It moves as if it’s alive, but it only moves as I tell it to. Unless if I’m rendered unconscious, if that happens it goes back to where you witnessed before.” She dropped her arm and the metal rushed back under her clothes.
She sighed as she drew out her crescent blade. The moment it cleared the sheathe it gave off a soft ring to tell it had been freed. “This is my last item and the most dangerous.” She twisted her arm to show all of her scars. “Each of these scars are made from this very blade. I only have one scar on my leg that has been dealt by another in combat.”
“Wait. You’re telling me that those scars are self inflicted? You cut yourself with that blade.” Alex asked, stunned.
“Aye,” She held up her sword to show them its unique shape. “this blade achieves its full potential after it has tasted blood. Animal, human, it doesn’t matter. Let me show you.”
She twisted her blade in such a way to cut her left upper arm. You cannot be seriously about to do something like this, can you? No, stop this. You already have enough problems. Alex thought quickly.
He dropped everything and leapt over the fire. He grabbed her wrist and pulled the sword away from her fair flesh. She was stunned once she realized what happened. She looked at her wrist and Alex had forgotten how hurt they still must be from the shackles, but she didn’t look pained. “Sorry about that,” he raised his exposed forearm. “but if you need to demonstrate its properties, use me. You said it needs blood, but not yours specifically. Your body has suffered enough damage.”
Her white teeth barely glistened in the firelight. “So you’re going to take the pain in my stead?” he nodded.
Lily didn’t hesitate as her blade cut a shallow wound in his right forearm. It might have been shallow, but it still stung like a sharp fire. She pulled the blade back and waited until his arm bled out a few tiny droplets. Lily then placed the flat side of the blade over the wound. The blade’s itself seemed to absorb the blood into the reflective silver metal itself. Her voice calmed. “Alex, take a step back.”
As he did the crescent sword began to change. Her sword began to grow in size, while the shape remained the same. Soon her short sword became a normal sword’s length with only those few drops of blood. “This blade grows and will continue to grow until it reaches my height. The more blood it absorbs the stronger and sharper it becomes. Its weight remains the same so I can wield it effortlessly.” She then turned the blade and put the small point in the sheath. As she pushed, the sword shrunk, to fit inside the scabbard.
Once she finished explaining she spoke in the same lecturing tone. “For these unique items, I was destined for the King’s Guard. I was taken from my family at the age of six and raised inside the palace. All level five children who are born in Ra’van are taken for special training purposes.” Her eye slowly became unfocused and her voice hollowed. “We learned to relish in the death of our adversaries and how to both tolerate and give pain, all the way to the touch of death, but only just. Then we…”
By now his shallow wound stopped bleeding. Alex walked up to her and wrapped his arms protectively around Lily. He clutched her head to the side of his neck and held her there. She didn’t become rigid like he expected, she seemed to calm down from the embrace, like she’s never been held and didn’t understand what to do. “You don’t need to go through that right now, Lily.” Pushing her back, she looked curious. “Come sit back down by the fire.”
They turned to see Marlin, Clift and Shade all grinning at the two of them. “What are you doing, Alex? I’m positive that not how one mates.” Shade grinned at his joke and Clift started neighing, stomping his front hooves. Then Clift and Shade traded glances. Clift then retorted “You’re right. If he wants a foal with her, he needs to do better. Bend her ov…”
“What are they saying?” Lily asked while glaring at the guys.
“Trust me, you don’t want to know.” She left it at that.
A few hours later everyone was asleep except for Alex because he kept watch. He spent his free time working the leather. Lily slept close to Shade. She was looking much better than last night, but she still had a long recovery ahead.
What no one, but Lily knew, she dreamed of being embraced again.

The next morning, once the sun shone, they continued west.
A few hours into their walk something curious tickled in Alex’s mind. “Lily, yesterday when you were explaining about being a King’s Guard, I was wondering what you knew about the king. What does he look like? What’s his item? Anything you might know that might be of use.”
“I swore an oath as a King’s Guard to never reveal his secrets as long as I remained in his service.” She grinned at him. “Since I’m no longer in his service I can tell you.
“King Runkamon was granted a kingdom at the age of sixteen and at the age of twenty he became ruler of all of Ra’van. He is now nine-and-thirty years of age and now controls both Gagiat and Nicronane. He is as tall as I am and very muscular. His hair is long, light blonde and his eyes are a penetrating icy blue. He is frighteningly handsome and he uses it to his advantage. He brings both willing and unwilling beautiful women to his chambers every night and as of yet hasn’t produced any heirs. He once invited me to his chambers as well, but once he saw my bare arms he changed his mind and had another girl brought to his bed.” She looked between her scars and Alex to see if he understood what she meant, he didn’t. “He likes his women pristine, young and unmarred. Runkamon always has four powerful level five warriors with him when he meets the crowd, but he hasn’t left the royal city in many years. The warriors he has surrounding him makes me look like a level one newborn babe. He keeps only the best and rarest item users in his part of the palace.
“As to his item, I couldn’t even fathom what it is. I’ve never seen it nor have many others. Only his elite generals and advisors have seen it, but that could also be just rumor. Whatever it is, it must be extremely powerful for him to have remained in power for so long and be able to conquer two other lands in just a decade. And also the rumors state that if his item becomes known he kills everyone who has that said knowledge.” She then adjusted her hips on Shade’s back.
“It would have to be. For him to rule a kingdom at twenty years of age…” Marlin stated aloud and whistled.
“Speaking of powerful,” Lily started while looking at Alex. “You said you were born without an item, but what is that staff? It should be shredded from our skirmish two mornings ago.”
He raised his staff and said “This was a gift from a Xeal tree.”
Her jaw dropped. “You cannot be serious.”
“I am. When we found out you were to be executed, we took a desperate chance to reach you in time.” Her jaw closed as they continued walking. She had a hard time believing any of what he was saying. “We passed through the Ruler’s Forest.” Her good eye widened. “About three weeks into the forest we were led to the largest Xeal tree you’ll probably never get to see. He was going to kill us for being human, until I found out that I was capable of communicating with him. He then released us and made me this staff as both a gift and a weapon. His final gift was making us a straight path out of his territory. Because of him we had time to think of the plan to save you.”
“He’s telling the truth.” Marlin stated in all seriousness. “If it wasn’t for Alex’s voice… not only you, but all of us would be dead.”
A minute later her voice changed as she addressed Alex again. “Why did you do so much for me? Why did you risk your life?”
For the first time today he stopped walking. “Because I wanted to save my friend. Having you as a friend means more to me than you will ever know. My life has always been empty and alone, until you started making it worth living. Then I met Shade after you left, then Marlin showed up and then finally Clift joined. I was weak and lonely and had no one to offer support except for my uncle. He could only do so much. My peers and most of the adults of my home island shunned me for being so different, but you were the first to accept my request for friendship. You heard me say that I am itemless, but you didn’t care about that. Having a friend eased a burden of loneliness I’ve carried my entire life.” Her violet eye was still calm. “If there is a single chance to save someone, I’ll take it. Especially if it is for my close friends or loved ones.”
“I’m beginning to understand you, but I can’t quite understand what drives you to go to such profound lengths.”
They left it at that and continued journeying.

Three nights later both Shade and Clift were both calmly gazing into the fire.
Alex watched Lily as he worked the leather yet again. Lily’s swollen eye became normal once again, but the bruise remained. His heart started thrumming once both of her eyes met his. For all the food she ate, it began to finally show. Her arms didn’t look as twig-like and her wilted and bony facial features began to fill out slowly and properly. The bruise on the side of her neck was now a dull yellowish-brown rather than completely purple. Her cracked lips had begun to fill out and heal. He wanted to check her ribs, but that would be too personal. Even her skin had begun to appear brighter and healthier.
“What’s on your mind, Alex?” She startled his train of thought.
“What do you mean?” His staff dropped to the ground so he could focus.
As she tilted her head to the side, her white hair fell over her shoulder. Her purple eyes were calm and striking at the same time. “You’ve been staring at me longer than normal. Most men like Marlin here only look at my face for a moment and then look away.” Marlin shifted uncomfortably, but didn’t disagree with her assessment.
“I’m just admiring how much better you look.” Her eyes widened.
“Well try to not do it so much. It makes me feel uncomfortable. It’s not normal… for me.” She admitted a personal observation aloud.
“Marlin,” He looked at Alex. “May I use the knife?”
“Aye,” He reached forward and pulled it out of a large apple slice.
The leather had been constantly worked and thanks to the dry weather and constant barrage of the sun, it dried quicker than the one they were sitting on. Alex laid the smaller leather flap between them and held the freshly sharpened blade. He made a small notch at the edge and cut a straight line to make a thin string of leather nine hands long. He then cut another strip exactly like the first. He handed the strings to Marlin and said “Work these for me one last time and make sure they are as flexible as you can make them.” Marlin wrapped the string around his finger in order to soften it some more. “Lily, grab a charred stick and walk over here please.”
She sighed as she walked over to the fire. She retrieved a small charred stick and handed it down to Alex, who remained seated. “Thank you. Now please stand right here and spread your stance out slightly.” Her brow furrowed as she walked over to stand on the leather. She stood less than a few inches away from his knees. He then maneuvered himself so he sat on his heels and his knees touched the ground. She didn’t move as he traced an outline of both of her feet. “Thank you. You can go back to doing whatever you want.” He then continued making a larger pattern with the stick.
“Are you making me leather moccasins?” She asked once she sat down.
“Aye, you need something to protect your feet.” Alex finished one outline and then started making another.
“Why aren’t you making yourself a pair?” She peered at his bare feet.
“I’ve never liked wearing shoes, even as a child. I didn’t and still don’t like the feeling of having my feet covered. Now my feet are, maybe even harder than this leather. I like the sensations of the ground. It forces me to be cautious of my surroundings. I will only cover my feet if there is dangerous terrain that cannot be avoided.” He admitted while looking at the finished patterns.
She went silent as his cutting of the leather began. His hand guided the knife properly around every curve and bend of the charcoal traced leather. Almost an hour later, two perfect patterns were cut out of the leather. He worked the edges around her foot marks and then used the knife to make the correct sized holes near the edges. It took two more hours to make them and in that time Marlin finished working the strands and went to sleep. Lily stayed up to watch him work fastidiously, in complete silence. She marveled at how sure his movements were, even if they sometimes were a little slow for her patience. Once every hole was finished he grabbed a string and began threading the shoes together.
“Try them on.” He handed over both newly finished leather shoes. I hope you like them. He thought also.
She smiled as she slipped a foot in each open cavity. She said, standing up “They are perfect.” She then walked in the grass a little bit. “Alex, who taught you how to do this?” She asked, sitting down again.
“I was only taught once how to work leather, but as to your moccasins, I just have good observational skills.” Alex slid the knife back into Marlin’s pack before looking at her in wonder, but masking his expressions.
“May I walk with you tomorrow? I need some exercise.”
She made him smile. “That will be fine by me.”
Lily then looked down and changed the subject. “There is still much leather. What are you planning to do with it?”
“It will become my new pack. You can have my normal one.”
“That will be appreciated. It will at least let me feel like I’m pulling my own weight around here.” Then she looked at him sternly. “Go ahead and get some sleep. You get the least amount of rest out of all of us. I’ll trade shifts with Marlin in a few hours.”
His body and mind were more exhausted than she knew, or maybe she did. “Good night then.” Alex leaned back and slept.

There came the musical sounds of a morning bird that first alerted Alex to his waking consciousness. It was already morning and he needed the sleep because his body was exhausted. With his eyes still closed he rolled to his right and there was something soft close by and it smelled familiar. His eyes opened slowly and all there was to see was white. Is it snow? He’s read that snow is white, but the season was now early spring and he wasn’t cold. He felt the white with his fingertips and found it remarkably soft. Then there was a soft moan and then the white turned towards his touch. Soon it was Lily’s face only inches from his. Her bruised eye was looking slightly better and her plump lips were almost completely healed.
What is going on? What is she doing laying with me? My word, she is a beautiful woman who takes my breath away. She looks so peaceful in her sleep too. She feels cool, did the fire go out? Where is Shade? Usually he slumbers beside me, but this? What’s going on?
Seemingly in response to his thoughts, her lovely purple eyes slowly started opening and became lucid quickly. She really was a beautiful sight, but her eyes darkened rapidly once she realized their positions. “Why are you so close to me?” her expression unexpectedly changed from peaceful to anger. Then there came an immediate and wide pain blossoming, erupting from Alex’s gut.
She had shifted her knee and thrust it in his abdominals.
The pain was hard to resist escaping as his body rolled on his back and collapsed in a ball to ease the breathless discomfort. His teeth gritted to help dull the pain and keep him from yelling. Alex drew his knees up further because she had regained more strength than she let on, her blow actually knocked the wind out of him painfully. His eyes were forced shut. “Why did you do that?” his gritted teeth kept him from screaming at her.
Lily sat up, feeling insulted that he took such liberty to lay with her. “Because I woke up to someone who shouldn’t have been there.”
“Actually, Lily,” Marlin spoke loud and clearly. “he was only there because you fell asleep at his side. You stayed up until you were too tired. Once you woke me for my shift you slept next to Alex and I didn’t think to stop you. Before you finally went to sleep you said you were cold and Alex was warm, I think. Now I wish I had done something sooner. Maybe the misunderstanding wouldn’t have occurred.”
She was silent for a short time and then her voice became remarkably calm. “My mistake; I’m sorry for the misinterpretation, Alex. It seems like you were innocent and I’m to blame.” Then he felt her hand touch his shoulder and there was an electric sensation coming from her touch again.
With a gritted jaw Alex managed to forcibly stand up. He grasped his staff and started walking away from camp without looking at her or anyone else. It took a few yards of walking to finally walk straight enough. It wasn’t long until the clearing fell far behind. He walked several hundred paces until there wasn’t anyone to annoy him and his mind could settle.
An old fallen tree lay nearby and it was comfortable to sit on. It felt cool, comfortable and most of all, it was quiet. He planted the staff between his legs and rested his head on the shaft. It was still difficult to breathe because she struck his diaphragm; painfully and precisely. The surrounding area became even more quiet. That meant he had company. He was only alone for a few minutes until Shade found him.
He was standing between two saplings and the wind started moving his ebony coat in multiple directions. His sabers seemed longer than usual and they shone brilliantly in the early morning light. “What is going on? You’ve never left camp like that before. Alex, what…”
“Shade, I need some time alone. Go back and have some breakfast. I’m not hungry. Once things are packed, come back and find me and we’ll get going.”
His golden eyes said he understood Alex’s need for solitude. He looked towards camp and went back without another word.
In his head he kept calling Lily a friend, but his heart wanted her to be so much more than that. How could I tell her these feeling without making matters more complicated? She is constantly surprising and beautiful, but ruthlessly coarse in her methods. Could I survive falling for her? She is strong and smart, but I can see that she has never been in love nor has she ever experienced any form of it. When we are close I can feel that I can lower my guard around her, but I’ve already been struck twice for my naivety. Would there be a third time? Probably.
From then on his silent thoughts ran rampant.
I’m still new to having friends, but it shouldn’t always end with me being hurt. My strength is still growing slowly and it would help defend my heart, I hope. Now it’s up to Lily to figure out what being a friend truly means.

An hour later the sun was completely up and the day was going to be cloudy. His attention shifted to the left as Shade reappeared with Alex’s pack in his teeth.
He stood and took the straps from his mouth. “Are you feeling better?” Shade could easily see that his body language was calmer, but he needed verbal confirmation to be sure. He didn’t get any. He was curious about what happed between Alex and Lily, but she hadn’t explained anything either. “They are waiting for us.” Shade turned and they walked back together in silence.
“About time!” Lily stated and she had both water skins strapped over her shoulders. She was wearing her new foot coverings and they seemed to already work out well. “What was your problem anyway? Shade wouldn’t allow anyone to see why you left so suddenly.”
“Follow me everyone.” Alex turned and headed west.
“I asked you a question.” Lily stated coolly and Alex’s heart pounded in prideful anger, but it wasn’t a seething kind of anger or rage. It was more like a silent and personal struggle that was difficult to suppress. His thoughts still continued to swirl around her, but not knowing which direction to take.
Jaw set, Alex turned to her. Once their eyes met, she stepped back in fear as did everyone else except for Shade. Lily had never seen such a dangerous look from a person before and could see how thin his patience was. It was the most fear and danger she’s ever felt from a man. It was like he could shatter her very soul from such a look. Some sadistic part found it mystifying.
Alex’s voice became cold and distant. “Lily, there are some things in life that cannot be told. Sometimes you have to just figure it out for yourself.”
She managed to close her eyes and clear her throat. Opening them, She looked at him, but avoided direct eye contact for fear of being frightened again. “Does this have to do with my actions this morning? If it will make you feel better I’ll apologize for…”
Alex closed his eyes and let out a heavy sigh which stopped her talking. “You wanted to walk with me today right?”
“You’re not going to explain?”
There wasn’t any point remaining on this subject so he turned and walked westward in silence.
Soon it was Shade at his brother’s side and he bumped his head against Alex’s shoulder. He knew him well enough to know what Alex was feeling. In fact he knew him better than anyone. They walked for a few minutes until the others could be heard following close behind.

About an hour later Lily and Marlin began whispering so that Alex wouldn’t be able to overhear. The five of them were walking over an expansive plain so it made their words clearer. “Marlin, did I do something wrong?”
He sighed and spoke in the same hushed tone. “It’s not my place nor is it right for me to tell you this, but you need to understand something you’re clearly blind about. Alex has put his life in greater dangers than you’ll ever comprehend. You’re heartless if you cannot even see that he is completely worried for you and your safety, and every time you two get close he is the one who always ends up in pain. Your actions this morning are proof of my words. He is driven to protect everyone, but who can humanly protect him.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” She asked innocently.
“Have you ever had anyone care for you?” She went silent and that confirmed Marlin’s suspicions. “It seems like you have much that you still need to learn. This is all the advice that I can give. Try to understand both his feelings and him and stop punishing him when he only has your best interests in mind. He is doing his best so that we have the best chance at a proper life.”
About an hour later Lily finally made her way to walk at Alex’s side. She admitted that her new leather shoes fit well, to break the awkward silence that lasted between them. He only offered her a smile. Lily accepted the smile as an improvement in their strained relationship. They all walked normally and didn’t once stumble upon anyone throughout their travels.

That night Alex cut the leather and made himself a new pack. He took his bowl and soap bag before giving it over to Lily. She enjoyed the old bag and used it as a pillow once she went to sleep, resting on the opposite side of the fire from him this night. They wouldn’t rest together for some time to come.
After everyone had fallen fast asleep Alex laid on his back to gaze up at the thousands of twinkling stars. He laced his fingers together and rested them behind his head. His legs were both straight and felt content for the moment. The sounds of the insects filled the night air and a pleasant breeze kept the camp cool. 
“Alex?” Lily whispered softly and he sat up to look at her.
The firelight gave her a striking look on her ethereal beauty. She was sitting up on her elbows while looking at him. “Having a hard time getting to sleep?” Alex guessed.
She nodded. “Actually there was something I wanted to know.” He waited patiently for her to continue. “Are you still sore in the abdomen?”
It did hurt, but only just. He thought aloud. “Don’t worry too much. Go back to sleep?”
She slowly sat completely straight. “That really wasn’t my question.” Her eyes studied him, hoping for something to be easily understood about them. Lily was only more confused than ever, but she made her choice. “I was really wondering if you could tell me how I could join Freelan? Is it easy?”
“Have you made up your mind?”
“I’ve been thinking about what you said. Maybe Freelan might give me a new start, a second chance, but I’ll only go where you do, if that is alright. There are still things that I need to learn about friendship. Maybe they could use the talents that I have been given? An experienced killer might be an aid they need.”
Ever since Takka gave Alex a ring he’s kept it in his pocket along with the three remaining Xeal seeds. It suddenly felt heavy in his pants pocket as he became aware of it. Alex reached into the pocket and pulled the newly crafted ring out. She watched him intently as the silver ring reflected in the firelight. He tucked his thumb under the metal and flicked it at her, seeing what would happen.
Lily’s great reflexes caught the ring and she slid it on the finger that he told her to put it on. She looked at it in wonder. A faint smile appeared on her lovely lips, making her beauty come to light once again.
They spoke quietly for a little while longer before she fell back asleep.

The five of them spent the next four weeks walking on their journey westward towards the land of Alluan. Shade was pleasantly surprised that Lily had finally chosen to join the unorthodox pack. Alex and Lily slowly became closer friends over the weeks. She seemed to slowly find her place amongst the group. Marlin was pleased as well.
With each passing day she became physically better. Her bruises had finally healed and her beauty became even more amazing than Alex first remembered back home. Her body quickly put on some healthy weight and the travels toned her muscles. They weren’t as large as they were on the island, but they were getting there again. Even her figure became more womanly, with her health restoring. Her thighs and hips swayed, and sometimes he’d have to look away or else find himself in trouble when she’d glance in his direction and catch him staring at her. Lily’s breasts and hips had also slightly grown thanks to all the meat she’s been craving. Each of her hands were still calloused, but they remained highly skilled.
About two weeks ago she requested to spar with the men. They were reluctant to push her just yet, but both Marlin and Alex found out that she was even more skilled than they ever knew. Even when they fought her two on one she beat them, without using her swords abilities. They didn’t even land a glancing blow to her. She has had more battle experience than she could ever tell them. They ended up bruised, even as she held back.
Lily and Alex remained at arms length, but she seemed to be interested in something because she’d sometimes get a look in her eyes and he couldn’t explain it. She also hasn’t physically struck Alex out of the practice sessions since the morning she awoke with him at her side.
Shade and Clift also became closer. Clift wanted to learn to speak to Marlin without Alex always interpreting for them. So Shade took it upon himself to teach Clift to read and write. Shade was an amazing teacher and Clift sometimes struggled with words longer than four letters, but Shade was patient with his first student. Since Shade’s species was smarter, he had to sometimes repeat lessons for Clift, but there wasn’t any bad blood between them.
Four days ago Clift surprised Marlin by writing with his hoof “I want my chin scratched.” and Marlin laughed and gave his partner a good service.
The terrain remained mostly sparse forests, but with several rain storms everything was clean and the rivers were higher. Lily also suggested that they head northwest and take Point Lake and travel through Quad Stream to hasten their trip. They knew it would be quicker to sail by boat so they took her advice.

Now they were heading through sparse woodlands, still approaching Point Lake, that was still days away, enjoying the afternoon breeze. It was coming in from the west. Lily was getting into the habit of humming softly when she’d ride on Shade. Her melodies were beautiful and all of them enjoyed it. Alex especially looked forward to it. She was looking proud and strong as her hips swayed with Shade. Her hands patted his sides with the rhythm of her musical humming. Her whole demeanor had calmed and became harmonious during their trek.
Marlin was riding Clift and they were both walking beside Shade. Alex was leading The Pack, as Shade now called the group, northwest. Throughout the morning both Shade and Clift were talking about an odd scent that neither of them recognized what it belonged to.

Suddenly Shade yelped in surprise and pain and Lily screamed in fright.
Alex wheeled around to see a fiend lord smashing into Shade and Lily.
It was a Grizon.





Chapter 14

The Grizon lord was larger, stronger and heavier than Shade.
A Grizon is a fiend that was once part of the bear species, but now has an extra pair of clawed arms that come out of the front shoulders. Other than the new arms the average Grizon hasn’t changed too much. The Grizon lord that attacked Shade has grizzled brown fur, long and sharp claws on each paw, a massive body weighing close to three thousand pounds, round ears, a long muzzle with powerful jaws, a powerful sense of smell and a nasty disposition. At this moment they were overwhelmed by a single fiend, larger and stronger than any of them.
Before Alex could react to the unprovoked assault the Grizon had crashed into both Shade and Lily again. Lily was violently thrown off her mount and slammed to the ground with a dizzying force and Shade was easily thrown when the Grizon slammed Shade’s back legs, with its extra arms. He yelped in sudden pain. Shade was then rammed again into a large tree and fell unconsciously to the ground. It was the first time Shade has been truly harmed and beaten in any situation that chanced upon him.
Clift, spooked from the surprise, reared back in terror. Unfortunately Marlin was thrown off into bushes and Alex lost sight of them both in a single second.
Then the Grizon charged Lily once she stood up, her disorganized movements caught its attention. She swayed, dazed and confused from being thrown.
It was going for the easy kill.
Alex charged the Grizon while removing the weight of his pack. The full pack of dried fish fell behind him. Just before the Grizon made it to Lily, Alex smashed the knot of his staff into his enormous face. It didn’t do anything, but direct his vision to Alex. He waited and prayed for his heart to start pounding to become stronger and faster like before, but it didn’t arrive to his aid. Alex’s strange ability failed to come to his call. He felt absolutely useless against such a terrifying monster without the sensation supporting him.
Why didn’t my body become affected like it has before? He wondered.
The right clawed arm swept for Alex’s face, but missed by less than a hair breath. He opened his massive mouth and it was larger as Shade’s. It roared and tried catching this foolish prey between its two free claws. Alex jumped back to avoid them and began running away, hoping a sudden thought would work. The Grizon had sense enough to chase after the human that hit with a stick gained undivided attention. Alex swerved and dodged through the thick trees to avoid a direct charge and to keep out of its reach. It brought back memories of home when Shade and he would dodge and weave through the trees together, trying to best the other. In speed and strength, the Grizon was far superior, but in agility Alex still reigned supreme.
It was livid in shouting “Get Back Here Human! I rule this territory.”
Then Alex gained a wild idea that might just work.
It wasn’t long until he found exactly what he was looking for. Before the ambush, there were two thick trees The Pack passed that a human could fit through, but neither Shade nor Clift could make it without becoming stuck. It would be close, but there wasn’t another option of survival at this point.
He ran directly for the space in front of the trees and stopped to turn around, his body was able to block the actual size of the cavity, but not by much. The Grizon lord saw that he’d stopped and halted to savor the moment. It was rare for any creature to stand their ground against him, foolish but rare. Alex’s throat tickled as he began speaking. “So, a lord like yourself ambushes unsuspecting travelers. What kind of example are you setting for those who serve below you?”
Its lips pulled back to show all of his large teeth. His voice was deep and proud. “How dare my prey speak such insolence!?” He then spread out its two extra clawed arms into a trapping stance, making it impossible to get past him.
Dropping his front two paws and pushing with powerful back legs, on the firm and grassy ground, he charged. He opened his mouth and sent out a hungry roar for all to hear of his impending victory. Brown fur bristled and his claws were prepared to strip the flesh from his prey’s very bones, and would if he gets his way. Just as he made it to his full speed, Alex waited in a crouched position. Its large mass of momentum would result in Alex’s victory. Only when he was fully committed to the kill, and within the plan, did it begin and end.
Alex leaned back and pushed with his legs. Just as his body jumped between and through the trees, did the Grizon trap himself. Before the lord of this territory even thought about avoiding the situation he managed to trap almost half of his bulky body between the large and solid trees. His extra side arms were pinned against his sides and he was completely immobilized of his own making. He tried thrashing his head, but all he managed to do was give himself a headache and become even more trapped. He roared in anger and distress, but could do no more.
Stern grey eyes locked onto his and he stopped thrashing. That’s right, you lost. Alex thought. He stepped up to him, uninhibited and stopped. He snapped at the strange human and teeth missed by mere inches, but it wasn’t unexpected for either of them. Alex brought his staff around and crashed it into the side his jaw. The Grizon finally roared in pain and Alex shoved the shaft into his mouth. “ENOUGH!” Alex commanded and he tried biting down, but found out quickly that the staff was much harder than his teeth. He tried thrashing it out of the human’s hands, but it was pushed further down into his throat. “Make another move and I’ll shove this deeper down your gullet. I wonder if you ever considered that you would die in this way, suffocation and choking is a nasty way to die.” His eyes widened in the fact that his life was no longer in his claws. “Now you are going to answer a few questions for me. You will shake your head side to side for nay and up and down for aye. Do you understand?” He lifted his head up and down slowly. “Very good,” Alex’s tone became cold and calm, which seemed to terrify the Grizon that much more. “You are the lord of this territory.” He nodded. “Did you attack us because you thought we were food…? Nay? How about if you thought we were encroaching on your territory?” He finally nodded. “We weren’t, but as of right now I’m the new lord of your lands.” He began to snarl. “Don’t test my patience. You knew that the moment you trapped yourself, that your life is now mine to do as I see fit.” The shame of defeat slowly began creeping into his eyes. “One last question. Do you have a mate and cubs?” He nodded once, proudly.
The staff was slowly removed from his mouth; then he was smiled upon. “Well then, how can I take the life of their father?”
His large brow came together. “You’re allowing me to live?”
“I am, but there are some conditions you must follow.” His round ears came forward. “Since I’m the new ruler of this territory,” He barred his teeth. And Alex brought the staff to his black lips again; quickly remembering who the new leader was, he hid his teeth. “I will allow you to be my second in command. As long as I am away you will remain the acting lord.” His eyes widened, realizing he could still rule. “Now as to your new policy: You must not kill humans who are passing through unless they are a threat to you and your family. Mark my territory more clearly by peeling the bark off of trees with your claws. Frighten them with a roar if you deem it necessary, but no more unnecessary killing.” He planted his staff in the ground and seriously looked the Grizon in the eyes. “If you ever try to disobey my rule, I will put you down…permanently, and replace you with someone else more capable.” The staff shifted to his other hand as its ears wilted in submission. “Call your mate to help you out, I must leave and I trust you will follow your orders.”
“I will my Lord.” He said in distaste, but he would follow orders.
As Alex left he roared out for his mate.
It took him several minutes to find everyone. “ALEX!” Lily shouted and before he knew it she stood in front of him and gave him a once over. She was strangely worried for him when she saw him being chased into the trees, but she didn’t want to show Alex her emotions so she masked her features and leveled her tone. Then the smell of a clean sea breeze sent his senses reeling. Her purple eyes locked onto his. “Are you hurt? Did you manage to kill it? What happened?”
“I’ll explain shortly, but first how are the others?”
“Shade is still out of it. Marlin ran off to find Clift.” She pointed where some rounded horse prints sprinted into the forest.
Lily followed as Alex ran over to Shade’s side. His large furry chest continued rising and falling, as he breathed slowly. He lay completely on his left side, in obvious pain that was too much to bear. His legs and tail were all completely limp and his ears were laying soft rather than pointed and alert. His large bottom jaw hung slightly down, about halfway between his long and curved sabers. His tongue lay in the lush green grass and his nose twitched as he continued to breathe. The normally alert golden eyes of his remained closed. I’ve never seen him in a situation like this. Alex thought worriedly.
Alex rubbed his soft cheek and spoke both calmly and clearly. “Shade? Come back to me little brother. Don’t tell me that you were actually hurt?” When he didn’t react Alex whispered in his ear. “If you wake up you can have a snack.” Food was his number one motivator and it worked because Shade groaned. Then a hand grasped Alex’s shoulder. “Is he alright?” Lily asked.
Without looking at her he said “I don’t know. Go check and see if Marlin caught up with Clift.” Her hand moved away and then she began walking away. She knew Alex was worried for his brother and wanted to be alone for the moment. Lily entered the woods and began to track down the fisherman and the chestnut stallion who fled.
It was slow, but with a little coaxing, with a slab of smoked fish, Shade’s eyes opened groggily. His nose kept twitching and his mouth had begun to water. He began speaking incoherently so Alex pulled the meat into smaller pieces and fed him. A few minutes later Shade began speaking weakly as he remained at his side. “Alex? What happened?”
“We’ll get to that, but tell me how your feeling first.”
“My head hurts something fierce and my back legs are tender.”
“Stay awake, but don’t try to move. I’m afraid you might have a concussion. I’ll explain what happened.” For the next few minutes he listened to his brother’s accounts. He laughed weakly once he was told him that Alex is the new lord of these lands. His ear twitched as a branch snapped in the distance. Several scents wafted in his direction and he recognized each and relaxed.
On the other hand Alex wheeled around defensively, until realizing it was the others who had arrived. Marlin was rubbing his sore bottom as Clift walked onto the trail, looking ashamed. Lily took the rear and soon all three strolled up to Shade’s side. They were still obviously shaken from the attack.
“How is everyone?” Alex stood tall and waited for everyone’s status. When Marlin fell he landed on a stone. His tailbone was all that was damaged. Clift said he wasn’t harmed and Lily said she only slightly hit her head after being thrown off. She looked like nothing had happened because sudden battles were part of her former everyday life in the King’s Guard.
Marlin asked about Shade’s condition, which Alex answered slowly. “He’s hurt and needs rest. We’ll camp here for the night.”
Lily evenly asked “What happened to the Grizon?”
“Once we get settled, I’ll explain.”

Clift stood awkwardly at Shades side, ashamed for running off. Shade managed to raise his head off the ground, but it was the most he could do. Marlin found a water source nearby, but the water needed to be boiled to be safe enough to drink. Dysentery was a horrible condition, one they all wished to avoid. Lily helped collect dry tender while Alex started the fire close to Shade. During Lily’s scouting she found a wild berry bush and she filled her pack to bring back to the group. Shade loved berries and Lily knew it. She gave him half of what was in her pack and divided the rest between the others.
By now the night had taken over. “So what happened?” Marlin asked again.
Alex explained everything without missing a detail and Lily finally asked “What do you mean that you are the new lord of this territory?”
Her question made him smile. “You know that fiend lords are exceedingly rare.” She nodded. “Well a lord owns and runs a large territory and defends it with all he or she has. When the lord is defeated, the victor takes the entire claim of his territory with all its spoils. Once I defeated him, I gained all of his land and even all of the fiends and animals within his territory.”
She seemed pleased about the explanation for some reason.

After four more quiet hours a crashing sound alerted them to an approaching presence in the woods. Shade tried to become defensive and protect everyone, but his back legs were too weak to support his full weight. Clift amazingly moved in front of him; defensively. He knew the predator needed help, but Clift was still frightened. Both Lily and Marlin stood by Alex’s side as they peered into the darkness, waiting for the visitors to be seen properly.
“What do you mean you lost to that human?!” A female voice shouted.
Lily and Marlin became even more defensive after hearing a growl. He whispered “Great…the Grizon is coming back for more.” He increased his bobber’s weight to its limit.
“He won’t live to see another day.” Lily promised calmly, preparing to bathe her swords in blood.
“I swear he did and I was forced to submit.” It was the Grizon’s voice from earlier. He was bringing someone else with him. “When you meet him you’ll understand why I lost.”
Alex put his hands on both Marlin’s and Lily’s shoulder. “Ease up you two. They are coming to greet us.”
They both stood and understood when he said they. They both clutched their items, but managed to look less dangerous.
Soon the massive Grizon lord walked out from behind a bush. He looked as terrifying as ever in the firelight, but Alex planted the staff firmly in front of him. An air of tranquility and strength seemed to emanate from him. The lord from earlier bowed his tremendous head and planted his two shoulder arms on the ground. It was a prostrating gesture. “My lord, my mate and I have come to speak with you.” The honoring movement showed off many scars that proved he has fought and survived many battles.
“I would be honored to meet your mate.” Alex said humbly.
Slowly another Grizon moved from the bush. She wasn’t even half his size, as she stood by his side. Her shoulders came up to the middle of his ribs at most. Her claws were dangerous, but not as long as her counterpart. Her body was rounder than his, but the fire in her eyes reminded Alex of someone equally terrifying in their own group that was proud and unyielding. She had a look as dangerous as Lily when angered. Her voice was scornful. “So are you the new lord that defeated my Crush?”
“I am. My name is Alex.” He remained motionless.
Her eyes darkened even more and then she turned her head and bit her mate’s foreleg to get his attention. She pulled away as he looked at her in shock. “You lost to a puny human like him, Crush?” She accused angrily. “You’ve gotten soft if you can’t even take down one so small.”
An idea popped into his thoughts that would settle everyone’s temper. “Madam,” She quickly looked at the human who can speak to her. “Would you like to try and reclaim his territory back for him?” Her eyes widened and then became dark at the possibility. “There is but one condition you must abide by. If you win you keep your land, but if I win you must acknowledge me as your new lord for all time. Will you accept my condition?”
She barred her teeth. “Unequivocally,” then she lifted her head to roar “Come witness the challenge for this land! I Leera, mate to Crush, am challenging the human who beat him for full control! WITNESS!”
Alex looked at her mate and ordered “Crush!” He looked at his new leader. “You will not interfere with her challenge. Move back to give us room,” his voice then changed to speak to his companions. “Both of you are to stay out of this. I’m being challenged and neither of you must aid me until it’s over.”
Hesitantly Crush, Lily and Marlin moved away from the two preparing combatants. Sounds of movement suddenly came from every direction. The fire was too his back and he could easily hear Shade struggling to stand in vain. He growled in frustration. Clift snorted for him to stay down.
Things had gotten quiet as the creatures of the forest began to come out of the shadows to witness the challenge. Squirrels, snakes, rabbits, rats, raccoons, foxes and even two wolves appeared to witness. Shade saw his species’ cousins for the first time yet he didn’t have anything to say. Three younger Grizon also arrived behind Crush to witness. Lily and Marlin were shocked to see so many animals coming to witness the fight. Lily did her best not to cut a viper’s head off that slithered by her foot. Clift snorted when any animal came too close to him or Shade. They gave them a wide berth. Once Alex and Leera were surrounded by witnesses a quiet settled over the area and the only remaining sounds came mainly from the crackling fire.
Her brown eyes didn’t seem the slightest bit worried for her victory. Alex remembered how Crush attacked hours before so he was more prepared for her movements. She spread both of her arms out and roared as she began her charge. She wasn’t nearly as fast as Crush and Alex knew that he was swifter.
Just as she approached, he stepped to his left and clutched the staff between his hands. She was now close enough to use her right arm to slash at the human’s face, but he ducked below the impressive strike. Since she was still running he tripped her forelegs with the staff and she slid face first into the ground, rolling over once.
A sudden gasp came from every creature.
All of the lessons Lily taught Alex in fighting were paying off. She taught him how to allow his opponents to tire themselves out by making them do most of the work. Because of her unorthodox lessons, his body wound up sore, but the skills proved effective in action. She showed him the most advantageous places to knock the opponent off balance and even how to strike only when the opponent thinks that they’ve won. Lily’s lessons were saving his life right this very moment.
Leera finally managed to stand back up, but she looked at the human with complete shock. Fighting a human was foreign to her, but she’s never felt so humiliated. She charged him four more times and always landed face first onto the ground. It had only gotten harder for her.
After the last fall she was breathing heavily while too exhausted to charge again. Alex sat on his heels and locked his unwavering grey eyes onto hers and she looked afraid for some reason. “Do you yield?” She was still stunned so he raised his voice. “Do You Yield!?” that strange sensation flickered in him again, like she couldn’t disregard Alex as her true leader.
Her eyes finally blinked. “I yield. You are truly the new lord of this land for all time. What is to be my punishment for losing the challenge?”
A buzz erupted from the on-looking animals after hearing her submission.
Leera went rigid as he reached out and rubbed her head. His tone softened as another period of silence began again from all in attendance. “There will be no punishment. I’ve already told Crush what my laws are. He will explain them. Once I leave he is in command and will be until my return. He only has to answer to me and no one else, so go easy on him. Nothing will truly change in your livelihood. He will still be in charge during my absence. Go home to your cubs and live like you’ve always been doing, without fear of losing your home or life. When I return you may challenge me again if you wish.” His smile was so kind that all she was able to do was blink.
She slowly stood up and he followed. “Yes, Lord Alex, but I won’t challenge you ever again as part of the challenge. And I thank you for the kindness you have shown.” She looked around the witnesses and found the largest one. “Crush, let’s go back to the cave.” As Leera moved away, Crush caught Alex’s eye and bowed one last time before returning to the forest. Alex returned the gesture with a dip of his head.
Once they were gone, along with the other excited animals, Shade began laughing. Alex turned to see that he was standing weakly on his back legs. “That was quite a show, Alex.”
Marlin and Lily were standing to either size of him and were clueless to his words. Alex walked back to the group and said “Shade, you need to rest.”
“I cannot argue with that.” He slowly sank back down into the grass.
For the next hour he rubbed Shade’s back legs while explaining what had happened to Marlin and Lily. Once he finished Marlin asked “What are you going to do in this new territory of yours?”
“Not a thing. It is just a formality.”
Next he looked at Lily. “If it weren’t for all of your lessons I would have lost. I’m glad to have you with us.”
She threw her head back and laughed. It was a musical and very calming sound. She slapped her knee and said “I was glad to help. You learn quickly. Those moves you made were all well done and delivered properly. Next time, try and strike the jaw at an angle. It severely disrupts their equilibrium and they won’t be able to walk straight, let alone see straight for a minute or so. Now…”
The rest of the night, while they remained wide awake, she explained a little more on fighting tactics and disarming opponents.

By the time they were ready to leave, Shade’s back legs were still sore, but he insisted he could continue. Lily showed the others where the berry bushes were and they picked every one that was left. Both Marlin’s and Lily’s packs were filled to the brim, Alex kept the meat separate in his pack. Lily knew she couldn’t ride Shade in his condition so she settled for walking alongside Alex. Every now and then, when the wind shifted, she’d smell something musky, like tilled earth and freshly cut grass. Throughout their treks she didn’t realize until she stepped closer is that the scent came from Alex. What confused her even more was that she enjoyed his smell. No other man she’s ever come across made her feel so strange and warm. She didn’t know why she felt so off-balance. Was it a positive attraction or something else?
They continued walking the worn game trail throughout the day. They slowed their pace so Shade wouldn’t have to struggle to keep up with them. Every now and then Lily would slip Shade a berry and he would stick his blue tongue out for all to see. Sometimes he was the most playful of pups, though his laughter only served to dull his aching back legs. He is still only over a year old, so he had much time to act young and enjoy himself.

When the night came again, Shade’s legs had begun to heal because he wasn’t favoring them like he was early this morning, but they remained tender. Marlin and Lily sat beside the fire while Shade and Alex sat away from the blaze, enjoying the comforts of darkness.
While Marlin and Lily were talking, Clift walked past the collaborating duo and right up to Shade and Alex. He walked oddly up to them with quizzical look in his eyes. He had something on his mind, but didn’t know how to quite ask the question. He stopped a few paces from the predator and the human brothers and threw his head back in a dignified manner, when his mind came to a conclusion. “Shade, may I ask you for a favor?”
He tilted his head and opened his muzzle. “What’s on your mind, Clift? You’ve been quiet all day, looking like you were chewing on bitter grass.”
Clift’s tail swished in surprise. “I’ve actually been thinking of yesterday events. When that Grizon, Crush, surprised us, I was spooked. When we first met I did the same exact thing. I’m tired of fleeing every time I end up being scared. I’m a stallion, but I’ve been acting like a newborn colt.”
“What do you want me to do about it?” Shade asked with teasing eyes.
Clift didn’t recognize Shade’s sarcastic side so he laid his words out for all to hear. “I’ve seen how strong you are and you’re fearless when you fight. I want to have just a small piece of that boldness. I know I’ll never be as powerful as a predator, but I need to defend myself and Marlin.” His large chest expanded with the intake of so much air before he put all his hopes on this question. “Will you teach me to fight so I might be able to become a warhorse?”
Shade’s lips pulled back, showing all of his impressive teeth. He was grinning. “Warhorse? They are fearless in battle and will take their rider into the eternal abyss should they wish. If you are sure about this then I’ll help. Sounds like fun too. When would you like to start?”
“When you feel better of course,” Clift said truthfully. “If I’m to learn properly you’ll need to be healed.”
Shade’s eyes narrowed, hating being coddled, but he continued without letting his wounded pride seep through his words. “Lily is also a great teacher. Should Alex ask her to help train you? Humans will be your worst enemy.”
Clift turned his head so he could see both Lily and Marlin. They had stopped talking over by the fire and were looking right at Clift and the others. When his head returned to look at the brothers he visibly shuddered in his flanks and shoulders. “Honestly…I’ll wait for you. Lily scares me even more than you do.”
Alex threw his head back and began laughing in earnest. Shade rolled over and started barking a laugh himself. And then Clift started neighing. He didn’t mean for it to turn into a joke, but there wasn’t another way to say it. Alex laughed so hard that his belly hurt and his eyes started watering. Shade had a hard time catching his breath, as did Clift. The three of them haven’t had a laugh like this in a very long time. It was a welcome change.
Then Lily stood and made her way over to the laughing trio, at least that was she assumed. Shade was on his back barking, Alex made similar sounds and Clift was prancing and neighing. Her hips swayed from side to side mesmerizingly and her items kept a perfect timing. Her beauty and standing were unmistakable and Alex was completely entranced. Lily noticed Alex was the first to stop barking and the way he looked at her almost made her blush. She stopped near them and put her hands on her round hips. “What is so funny over here, Alex?”
Clift’s eyes moved between Alex’s and Lily’s. When he grinned evilly Clift knew he was going to tell her. In an early response he slowly began backing away from Lily. Shade made absolutely no attempt to stop laughing. Alex’s voice changed to say “Clift wants Shade to teach him to fight. Shade said you were a good teacher, but Clift is more afraid of you than he is of Shade.”
Marlin burst into laughter and Lily grew a menacing smile. “Really? He’s more afraid of me huh? Oh…Cliiiiift!” She drew his name out.
She slowly turned to see him trying to escape. She lurched forward and began chasing after him. Clift neighed in both terror and laugher. He spun and began running around the camp with Lily hot on his hooves.
Everyone went to sleep on a good note.
Two nights later Shade was well enough to teach Clift how to stand up for himself. Shade would make slow and deliberate movements with his claws and it was Clift’s job to evade and counter. Shade’s movements were always straight forward. It wasn’t long until Clift learned how to use his rear hooves to kick or use his head and flanks like a club or ram. For the time being Shade went easy, until Clift’s confidence grew he’d hold back his true strength.
Lily, Marlin and Alex stood back to watch the demonstrations. They were impressed at how the two fought and everyone could see a slow change happening within Clift. He was beginning to realize his potential and become calmer and more focused. It would still take more than one session for Clift to shake his nature, but he was taking his first steps to becoming something more.

As they traveled along the same trail they came across a man made road that cut through the woods. Marlin told the rest to wait in the thicket as he checked it out. Once he came back he said it is well traveled. Shade looked at Clift and said “We can travel the path, but I’ll need to travel within my shadow, if we’re to achieve good time. May I travel under you so we can continue?” Clift gave him a courteous nod.
After Shade dove into his shadow he moved under Clift. Marlin rode on Clift and Lily walked by Alex’s side. The road was traveled by many and the most recent print looked less than an hour old. The road had a canopy from the trees, that grew thickly along the border. There was a breeze, and with most of the sun blocked, it made the journey more than pleasant. The road had many bends in it, but went mainly north.
Within several minutes a sound came from someone approaching. This would be the very first person they’ve come across since rescuing Lily. They slowed their walk and watched the bend in the road for the person.
Soon a middle aged woman riding a horse trotted around the corner and spotted them. She was well fed and judging by her attire, wealthy. Her steed was well groomed and older than Clift. The woman’s eyes glided over The Pack as they approached each other.
With a raised hand from both sides in greeting they stopped. She glided her steed to a halt several paces away. “Good afternoon. Might I ask how far away we are from Point Lake?” Lily asked.
“Certainly,” She pointed over her shoulder. “You are but an hour away from Greeton. Follow this path and all of you will come upon the fishing town. Now I must be off. Good day to you all.” She kicked her steed in the ribs and it trotted around them, without saying a word.
When they were alone again Shade lifted his head out of his Shadow as Alex explained how close they were. He then dived back down and followed.
As they journeyed Lily asked “What are we to do about transport? We have not but several copper left and that will not even allow one of us to be transported the distance we need to travel.”
He bumped his shoulder into hers, playfully. She turned her head to see him smiling. “Do not worry too much. If we must, we will work for money. It would take us a minimum of four months to reach our destination, if we were to travel on foot. You were right in saying that we should travel by boat.”
She then bumped his shoulder back and smiled. Her full lips and kind expression made Alex’s heart race. She truly is a beautiful woman.

They eventually came across the bustling town of Greeton which was slightly larger than the market of Alex’s home island. There were many people selling fish and produce. Some sold clothing, soaps, jewelry, shoes, supplies and other things one might want or need. It was almost four hours till nightfall and their travels have been long.
“What’s first, Alex?” Marlin asked after Clift stopped at Alex’s side.
He looked up into Marlin’s blue eyes and said “We meet back here after dark. Lily is with me and the others will travel with you. Ask how much it will take to travel and also ask if there are any available jobs. Maybe they are hiring deckhands and we could work for safe passage. We’ll do the same.” After explaining it to Marlin Alex dropped his tone and told Shade and Clift the same. He also told them to keep an eye out for danger.
Marlin and the others turned down a street as Alex and Lily made their way inside the town. Shade didn’t deviate from Clift’s shadow, but he knew Shade wanted to stick with him. Soon the trio disappeared into the crowd.
Lily glanced at Alex and smiled softly. “So why did we split up? Shouldn’t we remain together?”
“I just wanted to spend time with you. Is there a problem with that?” Her amethyst eyes widened and her features began to slightly redden. “Oh come on. This is the first time we’ve been by ourselves since we first met. We’ve never done anything without the others close by.”
She looked down at her leathered feet, suddenly embarrassed. Did I just make her blush? Alex asked himself. Lily cleared her throat and looked forward. “Since we’re here, we should get started on finding transportation.”
A young lady selling beautiful flowers was easy enough to get information from. She had a pair of scissors for an item and she was using it to trim the stems of her flowers. “Excuse me. Which way will lead us to the harbor?”
“You need to head down that…” She gave quick and simple instructions.
Lily waited right where she was until he came back. They then walked down the main street together and took several turns down the streets the lady explained. Soon they reached the docks.
The docks reminded Alex of his home island and a hunger to return home gnawed at his insides. The water before them might have been a lake, but it looked more like an ocean. All that could be seen was water more water, stretching across the northern horizon. The air was clean and fresh, but didn’t have a single hint of salt. The lake was pure freshwater, but with the vegetation, it made the water have a brown tint. Several sailboats were docked nearby, but none of them were half the size of the Falcon. There were several transportation ships, but most were two or three person vessels. The waters waves were lapping against the bank and the docks torches were beginning to be lit for the coming night.
Lily and Alex began searching for any captains who had access to carry multiple passengers, but all they were given were scornful looks or getting laughed at. All they asked was how much it would take to get across the lake, but they only saw two people with no money and in worn traveler’s clothes.
They passed a group of men working on a large fishing net and only a few of the bearded men glanced up at them. Then there was a desk on the dock where several people were cleaning their catch. It was then that Alex felt the sensation of being followed.
Then there was one captain who was scum. He was remarkably tall, but a real slob who takes advantage of others misfortunes. He said he’d allow Lily aboard, but only as a bedmate. She looked at Alex to see what he’d say, but then the man rested a meaty hand on her shoulder. Big mistake. Before Alex could react, she grabbed his wrist and spun. She used his height against him as she flipped him into the water below. Though Lily was taller than most men they usually think women are weak, but she loved putting them in their place. As the captain resurfaced and splashed, she brushed off her shoulder like she was brushing his filth away. She stormed off and Alex quickly caught up with her. The man began cursing them as they traveled away. It felt good to do that, Lily thought, but she didn’t know how proud Alex felt for what she did.
They left the docks once night fell, but on their way back they stumbled upon a squad of Royal Guards. The squad headed in their direction. The crowd had mostly left, but there were a few stragglers. 
They walked casually and then Alex became shocked when Lily moved closer to his side. She wound her right arm through his left. She didn’t honestly realize how much larger he was since their first meeting. She was amazed how firm his muscles were, under his tunic’s sleeves. Lily wondered many things from then on and some almost made her blush like a young maiden. I’m a level five warrior! She berated herself. I cannot think of him like this. I’m a warrior first and foremost! But then she thought; What would I do if I wasn’t a warrior? Could we… Then his smell of musky earth and grass made her forget her internal debate. She needed to focus and not allow him to think the way she was.
What she was up to was soon figured out in Alex’s mind. The same electric sensation flowed from her touch again. The staff was firmly gripped in his right hand and he about stopped from her touch. She then quickly whispered in a hushed tone “Keep moving, Alex. We need to look like a young couple traveling the night. We cannot afford to get caught by the squad. Just follow my lead.”
Her eyes were set straight ahead. She was serious and they needed to get back to the others. As she walked, he did too. If they were recognized and caught by the enemy there would be blood. The Guard’s blood,
It was a tense time, but he was too elated by how she held him. Her smell of a clean sea breeze washed away the town’s smell. Her hold on Alex felt genuine, but it was just his imagination; most likely. It would feel nice just for us to walk like this without any pressure, but this will most likely never happen again. He surmised disappointedly.
It didn’t mean that he wasn’t enjoying every moment they were connected.
She sighed as the five guards slowly walked by them and around the next corner, but she didn’t let go of his arm until she knew they were safe, beyond sight and alone.
They continued walking down the torch lit streets for twenty more minutes, until they thought it safe enough to increase their walk and separate.
They turned a street corner and kept walking. This road was empty.
But Alex still felt like they were bring watched.

Then there was a voice several minutes later, behind the two of them saying “How about the two of you turn around.”





Chapter 15

Both of their backs stiffened as they abruptly stopped from the sound of the deep, commanding voice.
Lily looked to Alex from under long pallid lashes as her left hand went down to the handle of her rectangular sword. Alex tightened her wrapped arm to his ribs and shook his head almost unnoticeably. He on the other hand tightened his grip on the staff as Lily reluctantly removed her hand from the short sword. She was putting her trust in him and that is difficult for her. She would rather cut first and ask questions later. She liked being in control of the situation, every situation, but her unique methods were still an option if things went sour.
Slowly turning around, Alex stepped back and Lily stepped forward to spin and face the voice. As they spun they realized it wasn’t the guard who called to them but actually a middle aged man in his early fifties. She looked at Alex approvingly and smiled because she would have killed an innocent person. She squeezed his arm in return, but didn’t let go. She instead moved slightly closer to appear they cared for each other. It made his heart race because his feelings were genuine, even if she was only acting.
The man before them wore a worn out brown tunic and pants. There was something oddly shaped, bulging from his pants pocket, but no weapon other than a small knife in his boot threatened them. Recognition hit the lad from one of the bearded men they passed earlier, who was working on a fishing net down at the docks. His beard reached a broad breast and he was used to hard labor for his physique exuded that fact. He had a large barreled chest and even larger legs. He stood a cautious fifteen paces away, with his arms crossed over his chest. Dark brown eyes carefully scrutinized the pair.
Alex smiled at the man and made sure they were alone with a swift scan of the dark streets; they were. “Is there something we can help you with, good sir?”
His voice was husky. “Maybe,”
“Does this have any reason to do with you following us from the docks?” Lily stiffened slightly, not realizing they were being followed for so long.
The man broke into a grin. “That it does.” Then he looked around the surrounding as well before speaking casually. His stance didn’t relax though. “Is it just you two or are there more?”
Lily then spoke. “It depends on what you are after from us.”
“Well said young lady. I’ve been following the two of you ever since I saw those special rings you are both wearing properly.” Alex’s fist tightened even more on the staff and Lily’s hand slowly came to rest on the hilt of her sword once again. “Easy now, there is no need to be frightened of me. Let me show you why.” He uncrossed his large arms to reveal scarred and calloused hands. On his right index finger was a single silver ring with an engraved leaf. “As you can plainly see I’m one of the good guys.” He then slightly relaxed his posture. “I’ve heard that you have need to cross the lake and I’ve got your solution to cross it. I’ll help, but I’ll need some help in return. By the way, I’m Kallel.”
“Just because you have the ring doesn’t mean all that much to me.” Alex stated casually and Kallel grinned with cryptic respect. “Answer me this one question. In Trade City, who is the very first person one must meet to get the approval to join?”
“Ah, you are one who mistrusts. That is a good quality to have. It will keep your head on your shoulders that much longer. Very well, Lad. The answer is Takka. Only he can give permission for the first step of the journey in that location. There are others, of course, but not within Nicronane’s mightiest city.”
Alex looked at Lily and nodded, he was indeed correct. Lily understood the look he gave her; Kallel was a friend, maybe. She unwove her arm from his, but now he wanted the connection back. She stood completely straight while still grasping her items. She spoke clearly to Kallel. “We will be glad to help if it means making more progress in our journey. Aye, there are three others who are with us, but some of our companions might…frighten you.”
“All the same, I must meet who I’m to travel with.”
“Alright Kallel, follow me.” Alex looked at Lily. “You take the rear.”
Casually Alex walked silently down the street, Kallel followed his steps cautiously, and Lily took the back. If the man were to do anything against Alex he could trust Lily to strike the man down before he stepped one hair out of line.
They passed through Greeton without any danger and they soon spotted Clift grazing on some grass and Marlin lounging on the side of the road. Since it was so dark, Marlin couldn’t see them all that well. He saw three bodies walking towards him and he stood, cane at the ready. “Alex, is that you?” He sighed in relief once he found out that it was his friend and Lily and they had a visitor. “Thank goodness. I couldn’t get anywhere while scouring the town. Not a single person wanted to help nor were there any available jobs as deckhands or anything closely resembling honest work. I hope you found better luck.”
“I did. Marlin, this is Kallel.”
Kallel and Marlin grasped the other’s wrist. They exchanged greetings and then Kallel asked the group “So who else is there? You said there were two more.”
“Clift, come over and meet Kallel.” Clift stopped grazing and walked over to scent the new person. And the new member looked at Alex strangely. He didn’t understand what Alex had done. 
“Did you just…” He stopped once Clift began sniffing the back of his head. “Is this horse to travel with you?” Marlin said Clift was a valued companion and goes with them everywhere, without sounding angered. “Alright now who is this third one who’s supposed to frighten me?”
“Shade, I know you’re behind those bushes. Rise up behind me.” It wasn’t that Alex could necessarily see him, but it was like he could feel where Shade waited. Their connection always allowed the other to know where they were. It was a comforting feeling. A shadow streaked from under some bushes, crossed the road and ran underneath Alex without making a single sound.
“Why did you just make those awful…” Kallel’s eyes widened when his question cut short. The wide eyes of Kallel looked at the ground behind the tall young man and slowly followed Shade as he appeared from behind. Kallel’s body began to shake in fear as Shade laid his head atop Alex’s right shoulder. The curved sabers easily missed his chest. “Is… is that a… a…”
“Shadow Fang?” Alex asked to finish Kallel’s questioning sentence. “Aye, he his,” Kallel went sheet white, even under his dark sailor’s tan. “This is Shade. You do not need to worry about him, he will not harm you. You have my word.” He glanced between Shade and the other Freelan member. “Kallel, come up and meet him.” When he didn’t move Alex spoke to Shade. “Go over and introduce yourself properly.”
Shade grinned, which almost made Kallel faint. Shade took his head off his elder brother’s shoulder and walked around to make an introduction. Shade carefully walked to Kallel and looked him in the eye while taking in his scent for future reference. He then turned his large head to meet Alex’s gray sight and stated “He smells almost like the shipping boat we took to reach the mainland. He smells of fish, wood and salt.”
“That he does. Come back here and give him time to process us.” Shade turned and walked back over to his side.
Shade sat on his haunches by Alex’s side. Lily came up and began stroking his bulky head absentmindedly. Then she began humming a beautiful melody which sent Alex’s pulse fluttering. Both Marlin and Clift also walked over to stand with them. Kallel just stood there gawking at the group like they were traveling performers or traders with the strangest wares. They all waited silently while he processed their pack.
It took almost an hour before Kallel could speak coherently. “So you’re saying all five of you need to go together?”
“I am.” Alex stated while finally being glad Kallel’s awkward silence ended, but disheartened that Lily quit humming a slow cheerful melody for a fourth time. It seemed she only knew the one, but it remained forever sweet. “Will there be any problems with my companions?”
He cleared his throat. “Nay, but do you remember our agreement?”
“We help you and you’ll help us.”
“Good. Follow me and I’ll explain what needs be done. Can your fiend hide? Like before?” he was referring to Shade and Alex nodded.
Soon all of them walked back into the torch lit town of Greeton, but they stayed to the outskirts and the shadows to avoid detection. The entire group had to remain absolutely quiet as they followed Kallel.

A half hour later they spotted a hidden trail behind an old abandoned building. It was also a stone’s throw to the lake. It was dark, but Kallel borrowed a torch to lead them down a dreary path. Shade and Alex walked in the back of the line while Marlin, Lily and Clift stayed close to their guide. Once they were completely alone Kallel began telling what the outlandish group needed to do for him. “It has been many seasons since I’ve seen another member of Freelan who has needed help in crossing the lake. I have been stationed here for several years to aid those who need to get deeper into Alluan. Because of the lack of people requesting my aid, I’ve been a little too lax myself. The boat that I’ve got needs repairs before we even think of casting off. So with your promise to help it’ll be in worthy form that much faster.” He then glanced back at them all. “By the look of it, you have been traveling for a very long time.”
“What gave us away?” Marlin asked jokingly, but Kallel took it an honest question.
“You are all quite fit and your clothes look to be falling apart at the seams. Even your leader seems to have worn his shoes clean off.”
“Who? Alex?” Lily asked and then turned to look at his large, bare feet. “He never wears shoes to begin with.”
Kallel turned and looked in the back. “So, Alex is it?” Alex nodded and continued walking along with everyone. “I admire your courage, but isn’t it dangerous to walk barefooted all the time?”
“It can be, but it is my problem if I’m ever injured.”
He said “Hmm” and then went back to his earlier subject. “As I was saying, you all have traveled a very long time and must need new clothing and supplies. If you’ll help me harvest from my garden or find some wild game, I have a store owner who I use, when I need to sell my goods. Whatever I make can go to getting your supplies and repairs to my ship. What do you say?”
Marlin and Lily looked to Alex for advice. He looked at Shade and told him what was said. Shade grinned and said “Tell him it will be more than a fair trade. We need soap and you need to get your own knife to help me with my prey. Oh and Lily has been explaining about a fascinating item called a brush. Could you get one for me?”
Changing his voice back to that of a human Alex said “Shade says he’d like that. So our answer is aye.”
“Glad to hear it.” Kallel said while laughing. “So you can communicate with a fiend? That sure must be a special item you’ve got.” Marlin and Lily looked at Alex again and he shook his head slowly. They knew not to explain his abilities to a stranger; even if he is Freelan. Too much is still at stake. “I wonder what Mary has cooked us up for supper? She’ll be astounded about our new guests, after so long. Not to worry, we have enough guest rooms inside my home for each of you.”

They walked the trail for another hour while listening to their guide babble on and on about himself until he finally stated “Were here.”
They followed his lead as they entered a suitable sized farm from the west side. There were two large buildings, one was his two story home while the other was mainly a horse and chicken barn. The home had several candle lit windows, which meant someone was home and busy with something because smoke and other delicious scents blew out from the chimney. The stalls and coop were just the right size to stable up to four horses, but there were only two already stabled within.
The farmland itself was separated into two different plots of growing resources. One held harvestable vegetables and the other held fruit bearing trees and berry bushes. It was a nice piece of property for a man to own who didn’t have many farmhands to help. It was slightly larger than Alex’s old home, which brought back both happy and terrible memories. The worst memory was reliving a brilliant tower of flame consuming his home.
The building clouds above stole Alex’s attention and he stated “It is going to rain very soon. Maybe we should pick up the pace.” Everyone took his warning seriously and quickened their gaits.
The lake’s waves were lapping against the nearby bank, but Alex was unable to see the water through thickly overgrown bushes. Off to the south end of the farm was a wide path, leading to the main road presumably. It was easy to realize that was how Kallel usually travels to the town, to remain hidden in enemy territory, but be in plain sight. They had taken a secret route to his home.
They all made it to Kallel’s home and he stopped on the entry way. “Alex, I’m sorry, but my home isn’t large enough to fit your fiend. I’m sorry but he must stay out here. There is plenty of room inside my barn for both him and your horse.”
“I understand. I’ll stay out here with them then.” Alex said in complete understanding because of their large size, but Kallel took it like he’d insulted a guest. “I didn’t mean it disrespectfully. It’s just…” he stammered.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m used to it. We’ll be just fine.” Alex looked to Lily and Marlin. They didn’t want to separate from him, but he said “The two of you go ahead on in. It will feel good to have a bed to sleep on after so long. Enjoy the respite he’s offered, the two of you deserve it. You’ll know where to find me if anything should occur.” Tension and pity crossed their faces, but he truly wanted them to relax after such a rough journey. “Besides, I’ll have a roof too.”
He made his expression say; go on ahead. We will be fine. It won’t be the first time I’ve stayed outside for a night. Please enjoy yourselves. You need it more than I do and I hope it feels great.
Alex patted Clift’s flank and Shade’s rib to gain their attention. With a simple gesture for them to follow they did so without any regret or grumbling. As they walked towards the stalls Clift eventually said “Do we have to stay in there?” because he had too many memories of being confined inside because his human slavers only let him out when they needed to keep his strength.
“The gate won’t be shut on you, I’ll see to it. You may do as you’d like, but Shade and I need to get some much needed rest, plus it would be welcome to have a roof over our heads after so long.” Shade agreed with Alex’s assessment and his golden eyes were getting heavy. He was about to drift into his dreams if he stayed awake for much longer.
Once the other horses saw Shade they began to spook. They neighed in terror while trying to kick their way to freedom from the closed stall. Clift trotted up to them so they could understand that Shade wasn’t going to eat them. Shade chuckled at his well deserved reputation. It took very little time as Clift calmed his brethren. Then Shade and Alex made their way inside the barn when Clift said that they would do their best to remain calm with a predator in their midst.
They arrived at the stalls moments before the rain began to pour. The stable door remained open as Clift entered an empty stall and began eating some fresh hay. Alex gathered more dried grass, from a fresh pile in the barn’s corner, and tossed more inside Clift’s stable. Once he was content for the night it was time to make up the last stall for the two of them.
More hay was used in the last open stall, to make a softer pallet on the solid soil ground for them. After spreading it out evenly, Shade tested the work by laying down first. He grunted, in relaxing pleasure, and then looked to his brother. “Good work. Now we can finally rest in comfort after so long journeying. I’d like to hear what all the man said.”
As he laid on his side Alex laid his head against Shade’s ribs, listening to his powerful breathing and heartbeat. For the next thirty minutes Shade and Alex discussed what Kallel said and figured on what they could possibly do to assist him. During their slow discussion someone came sloshing through the rain, coming in their immediate direction. The steps were quick, to avoid the rain as much as possible. The person wasn’t being silent.
As Alex sat up, Shade turned his head in the same direction. They wanted to know who chanced coming to see them in such dreary weather. Someone was using a lit torch because the dark ceiling turned into a flickering dark orange. The flames came closer and rounded the stall they resided in. Then a petite head poked around the corner, carefully. “Oh my; my husband wasn’t joking about a Shadow Fang being in our barn.”
Before them was their host’s wife, Mary. She stood shorter and thinner than Kallel, but she seemed pleasant and welcoming. Her hair was a soft brown that laid down her back and across her shoulders. She wore a nightdress that was wet from the rain, but why had she come out? Then her arms moved and drew their attention away from her presence. In one hand she held a burning torch and in the other held a large covered wicker basket. She had a motherly aspect to her expression which was comforting.
Standing up in greeting, he asked “May I help you with something, Mary?”
She was still looking at Shade in wonder. Since he is one of the Big Three, it is unknown to see such a wild predator lurking inside your barn. Then she looked up at the tall boy and smiled. “Oh I’m sorry for my conduct. I wanted to bring you out some of the dinner that was remaining from our evening meal. I couldn’t have any of my guests going hungry with so much food in our home, now could I? My husband told me that your group was traveling with an actual Shadow Fang and I had to see it for myself.” She sat the basket down and said “There is much I still need to do. We haven’t had guests in a very long time and I need to prepare the rooms for your companions. Rest well…umm…both of you.” She smiled and then left without either of them able to tell her thanks.
Inside the basket were three large loaves of bread, two carrots and a large piece of salted meat. Shade ate two of the loaves and they split the remaining evenly. After eating their meal, they resumed talking before falling into their dreams. Before they fell asleep though, neither Marlin nor Lily came back outside to see if they were alright.
Alex truly hoped they were enjoying the guest rooms.

Before the sun graced the sky Alex awoke, feeling remarkably sprightly. The hay bedding had been remarkably softer than the hard ground he’s slept on for months. There was a string that wasn’t being used in the barn so he took it to wrap on his staff. He put the sling over his chest and the staff didn’t get in the way as his body moved. Alex now understood why his uncle wrapped his item this way when his hands were both occupied. 
Wanting an early start, Alex found the wagon behind the barn and it had been rained on all night. It was larger than his old wagon and could be pulled by the two steeds still asleep in their stalls. The wagon had four large wheels made of wood and reinforced with metal. The bed was made from worn wooden planks, but it would still work adequately for transportation. The harvesting tools were on the side of the building, fortunately they were still sharp and in good condition. He tossed three pairs of well worn work gloves onto the wagon seat along with a hand held scythe, a pair of shears and a hoe. Alex held the hoe for a few moments in remembering his uncle’s. After placing the tool inside the wagon he grabbed several large wooden baskets that were stacked neatly inside the barn.
After checking that he had what would be needed Alex pulled the lead ropes until the wagon began rolling. He learned to roll up his pants legging in wet weather long ago. The rain turned the soil to mud and it made pulling the wagon slightly more difficult. As he pulled the wagon it suddenly became too easy.
Alex stopped and the wagon did as well. He had gotten stronger, but his struggle with the mud made it too difficult for the pulling of it to be this easy. His suspicions were revealed when a large and furry, ebony head with golden eyes lifted itself above the bed of the wagon. “I just wanted to help.” Shade said with a wolfish grin.
“I appreciate the assistance.” Shade grinned even more and butted his head against the wagon again, once Alex began pulling.
There was a large path between the vegetables and the fruit plots. They moved around the front of the silent house. With Shade’s help, they moved the wagon onto the muddy path and stopped when they were close enough to the harvestable crops.
At this time of year Kallel had planted carrots, cabbage, squash and tomatoes. The only ones that could be harvested right now were the carrots and the tomatoes. On the other side were apple and orange trees along with red raspberries, mulberries and blueberry bushes. Only the raspberries berries could be picked because the other plants had only begun to flower.
Sliding on a pair of gloves first, he grabbed a basket and the hand held scythe.
As Alex began walking across the field Shade said “I’m unable to assist you in harvesting the vegetation, but I’m capable of something else.” His head turned towards to the tree line, his ears attuning to begin the search for food. “I’ll go hunting and see if I can bring back some meat. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Shade then sprinted into the woods while avoiding the more delicate crops. Then with a powerful leap, he cleared a bush and vanished.
Walking up to the tall row of wires that the tomato vines had crawled onto, he began the familiar task. The wires reached five feet high. There was a ladder nearby but it was unneeded. The tomatoes were red, plump and juicy. They were almost all ready to be harvested, only a few needed more time. The vines are hard to cut without ripping the fruit from the green stem so it requires a sharp blade to harvest it and keep the tomatoes beauty, without bruising the meat. He knew he’d need to be careful dealing with the scythe.
He sat down the bucket and gripped scythe more securely to begin collecting the top row of tomatoes. It took a few tries to get the technique down again, but tomato picking became easier. When picking the tomatoes he’d hold four at a time in one hand before depositing them in a basket carefully, before doing it all over again.
On the fourteenth deposit, the first bucket was completely filled. He left the scythe by the ladder while he lifted the bucket of tomatoes. The work was strenuous and he quickly began to perspire. After loading one bucket he grabbed five more to bring over. It had gotten warmer, even at this early hour, so Alex left his tunic on the wagon. He became almost instantly cooler without it and he still wore the staff slung over his exposed back.

By the time he finished filling the eighth bucket a familiar voice shouted in the distance. “Good morning, Alex! Already working I see.”
Morning had broken as Marlin walked over with a mischievous smile etched on the corners of his mouth. Someone had a great night. He was in freshly washed clothes and had shaven properly. It had been three days himself so Alex’s beard was still short and bristled. Even Marlin’s hair had been cut shorter than last night’s style. He was wearing a new, but old, pair of leather boots. Kallel probably loaned them so that Marlin could work the farm.
He finally made his way over. Alex hooked the scythe on one of the wires so he could speak casually. “You’re looking great this morning. How was it inside?” Like I really needed to ask? You look to be bubbling over with joy. I’m surprised you aren’t doing back flips or doing a jig. Your spirits are refilled, and being well rested helped you too. I know the feeling all too well. At least don’t start explaining everything too quickly like a child who’s eaten too many sweets. Alex thought wildly.
Marlin stretched his neck while smiling. “It was wonderful to be inside a home once again. The beds were all stuffed with down feathers and it was paradise for sleeping. I haven’t slept that well in ages, least not since our journey began. And then there were two buckets and a mirror when I woke up this morn. I shaved and cleaned up. It is the simple luxuries you miss once you don’t have them.” He praised the hosts and the home for several more minutes before going quiet. His favorite subject was the home cooked meals that reminded him of his mother. It only served to remind Alex again that Marlin too has lost his family. Then Marlin scanned the surroundings. “Where is Shade?”
Alex told him what Shade was up to and Marlin understood. He then asked “Could you give me a hand carrying these back to the wagon?” Pointing to the last three filled buckets.
He said he would. Alex hoisted one bucket up and Marlin had a much more difficult time holding the heavy food, while walking through the mud. By the time he made it to the wagon Alex was already back with his second filled bucket. Marlin still needed help with lifting his load above the bed’s ledge.
Marlin sat down and wiped his forehead. “What’s next, Alex?”
“If you arrange the buckets, I’ll start gathering up the carrots.”
He liked the idea and Alex walked over to grab the hoe.
It was difficult to not to hear Marlin shuffling and sliding the heavy buckets into a reasonable configuration. While he did that, Alex began pulling up carrots with the hoe. The gloves protected his hands from the greenery that announced where the stems of the root tubers lay underneath the soil. Whenever one carrot was too stubborn to be pulled, the hoe was used to dig it out. When a bundle was large enough he’d scoop them up and place them inside the wagon.
While his friend continued working Marlin walked over to check on Clift.
It seemed Clift enjoyed his night as well, despite being in a stable again.
Not long after Alex’s second trip of carrot carrying, he felt that someone was watching him. His stomach felt off and all of the fine hairs on the back of his neck stood on end to alert him to being watched. Someone kept staring at him, but there wasn’t any threat from whoever it was.
He slowly turned around to see Lily watching with a curious expression. It was only an hour after the sun cleared the eastern trees when she came out. There was a faint breeze that shuffled her pure white hair. Her hair had also been cut, but was trimmed evenly to the nape of her neck. Her violet eyes seemed to be studying something odd about Alex. Her fair complexion, beauty and expression sent a chill down his spine. Still she wore his old clothes and they were still a little big on her, but they too had been washed. She was also given a new pair of leather shoes, but they were smaller than Marlin’s pair. Kallel and Mary were being so generous in their hospitality. Lily stood with a hand on each hip; and hanging to each luscious curve were her items. She couldn’t remember where she’s seen someone that holds such a striking resemblance to Alex. It was the first time she’s ever seen him without a shirt on and he was indeed built solid.
Alex stood and her curious eyes followed the transition. He walked up close to her, smiled and then asked “Is there something on your mind?”
Lily eyes narrowed slightly while looking at his torso. She spoke in an even voice, but he could hear inner frustration. “You are well muscled now, compared to looking like a skeleton upon our first encounter.” Then she looked at his face more closely and studied it almost in a new light. “You really look much like someone I know, but I cannot quite remember where I recognize those features… I can swear I’ve seen someone like you before. The two of you look so similar, but I cannot quiet place who the resemblance belongs to.” Then her voice turned to complete irritation. “This is frustrating…”
A disarming smile appeared on his lips. “Does that mean he’s looks good too?” Lily’s face flushed, but she didn’t look away.
She then changed the subject. “Are you finished loading?”
“Almost, I just need to put this last bundle in the wagon.”
“I will inform our hosts then.” Lily turned and walked back to the house.
Once the wagon was completely loaded Kallel and Mary came out to see the finished progress and results of the morning’s work. His wife now wore brown pants and a brown tunic and so too did Kallel. Apparently they were aware that Alex completed almost all of the work by himself. They then walked over to the barn to strap their horses to the wagon. They asked where Shade went and Alex told them how he went out to hunt.
Before he realized it, Mary was urging the steeds forward. Alex grabbed his tunic just in time before she left with the supplies. Kallel laughed when he voiced his opinion about her going alone to the market when there were so many hidden dangers. He then told Alex that her item could stun multiple opponents and she was more than capable of protecting herself.
Once Mary rode out of sight, Marlin, Lily and Alex listened to Kallel. “… comes back you’ll get your money. While she’s gone though, how about we get started working on repairing my boat? I have some spare materials in the barn and once my wife comes back she’ll have more.”
With four hammers, a bucket of nails, tar, and wooden planks they left the barn to begin another chore that would speed their progress. Clift was grazing over in the soft grass, not paying anyone any mind.
There was a path to the lake, but it had been overgrown by the bushes. Kallel stated that he was sorry about not keeping things trimmed. Like shrubbery would stop us from continuing on? He didn’t know what they’ve been through nor did he know their capabilities. Alex walked right behind Marlin while carrying the heavy bucket of tar and the nails. Lily carried the hammers while Kallel and Marlin carried several of the planks together. It took several minutes to finally get out of the thick bushes and onto the trail that led down to the expansive lake.
The sounds of the water splashing the shore became louder and the moist breeze calmed everyone’s mind and cooled the body. That was alright until they got a good look at the boat Kallel spoke of, if you could call it one. Alex couldn’t stop himself from exclaiming in a horrifying tone “That boat looks more like a barely floating log!” Marlin struggled not to laugh, but once Kallel started, he couldn’t stop himself.
While they laughed, Alex turned around to look at Lily. She was peering over his shoulder and then she grimaced once she saw what he did. Her purple eyes shifted to meet his grey. Her understanding was an understatement. “We have a lot of work to do.”
They continued walking down the trail that led to a dock, which looked to be in the same miserable condition. The dock rocked under foot and there were many missing planks, those that remained felt coated in slime. Alex’s toes didn’t enjoy the sensation. The wood was still slick from rain, which meant they all had to be more observant where they stepped. They continued walking until arriving at the end, where the ship was anchored and tied to the dock.
The boat was battered and weather warped from neglect and inactivity. It was a moderately sized vessel that could carry all of them easily, but it would take some time to repair. The single rudder at the aft of the boat was barely connected to the ship by a single rusty hinge. Algae had encased the entire underside of the boat while the sides had dangerously warped wood that had torn the nails right out some of the ships ribbing. Then there was the two masts, they were each broken to a degree and the smaller forward one looked more like a sharpened spike because it had broken in half, the remaining rotten pole laid in the water.
Kallel picked up a wooden ramp and laid it across to the boat. He and Marlin then walked up the ramp and soon Lily and Alex followed. The deck was in the same, if not worse, shape than the outside of the boat. Many of the panels were warping up and some had rotted holes within the wood. On one corner was a dissolving sail that was completely unusable. A deformed steering wheel on the highest level at the back of the boat also needed repairs. There were only three wooden handles on a half ring that connected the wheel to the post. Alex didn’t even want to see the shape of the forward broken mast, that mostly lay in the lake, but the one that still stood could be repaired, without being completely replaced. It would be feasible to repair it. Then there was a hole to the lower level, because the door panel was also missing.
This ship was pitiful to behold.
The boat rocked with the lake’s waves as Kallel spoke. “We first need to fix the lower levels before anything else.” He then led the way down the hole.
The only thing on the boat that was in modest condition were the stairs. On the lower level they all sighed in relief. There was only an inch or so of standing water and the lower level was lit from the holes and cracks on the top deck. The air was damp and musty, but bearable. Algae grew rampantly down here, but not enough to worry about at the moment.

For the next few hours they patched the small holes with the planks that were below the water line. Then there were several wooden buckets down here, which they used to scoop the water out and dump the contents back in the lake. Once most of the water was bucketed out, they watched where the water trickled in through small cracks; they were then plugged with the sticky tar. They continued patching every other hole with the dark putty because the planks were all used. There weren’t any more visible leaks below the water line just as the sun began to hide behind the trees.
Kallel called their work to an end, for the day.
When the group returned back to the farm, Mary had returned and so had Shade. The wagon sat by the barn and was loaded with more repairing material. Lily about lost it when Kallel saw what his wife was doing. He went sheet white again at the sight because she was petting Shade, smiling tenderly.
Shade sat on his haunches while Mary reached up to scratch his head, especially behind his ears to make his foot thump. He towered over her, even as he sat. She looked like a small toy doll comparatively. It was a welcome and innocent sight. His golden eyes were closed and his head was down because he enjoyed the attention and all the affection. His sabers were touching his chest and Alex could actually hear him rumbling in pleasure. She had on a childlike grin as she gave him even more interest by cooing sweet nothings in his relaxed ears.
Kallel’s voice quivered as he asked “My love, what are you doing?”
She stopped scratching as she finally noticed their arrival. Shade lifted his head and grinned. “Did I do something wrong? He arrived here a few minutes ago and he allowed me to come up and greet him. He looked lonely and this is the first time I’ve ever seen a Shadow Fang, let alone pet one. He seems so calm and gentle that I just wanted to try. Come close, his pelt is so soft…”
Lily, Marlin and Alex shared a look and began laughing.

Later that night, Shade said that all of the wild game in the nearby area was either too small or too young to be worthy of his time. Alex was proud that he will only hunt those who have lived a full life.
As for the evening meal, Mary declared that everyone would eat together so they moved a large table outside, but behind the house just incase someone dropped by. They all sat together and ate in a pleasant atmosphere, but Shade chose to sit with his newest friend. Mary kept openly feeding Shade pieces of her meal, they were becoming close.





Chapter 16

It has taken close to a month and a half to get the boat in a relatively safe working condition. It has been no small task for anyone. During this time The Pack had made some decent money. They would give supply requests to Mary and she would go to town for them and get what they needed, without asking many questions. Knowing that since Lily’s escape, she and the rest of them could be easily recognized by any Guards, and detained, if they remained in Greeton for too long so they never ventured into town again. They didn’t wish to be around any dangerous situations they could avoid with any certainty. With the money earned from harvesting and the meat Shade brought in from his extended hunts, they were able to easily purchase what was needed and pocketed only a minimal amount of money for later. Who knew when our travels would finally end for us?
Alex bought three new pairs of clothing that were all the same as what he usually wore. It reminded him from whence he came. He received several bars of new soap along with a new collapsible knife made from a non-item blacksmith, which was rare because Greeton was under the king’s ruling and a person’s trade was only allowed per the item they were born with. Kallel was told the story as to why they didn’t want an item forged knife and he knew the perfect horse seller who worked secretly as a blacksmith.
He had also bought Shade a new brush, and one for Marlin to give Clift, but it was designed for a horse. It was the size of a person’s palm and had thick and sturdy bristles. Lightly brushing his fur was the only option because Shade’s innate armor allowed something foreign only so far in. Shade didn’t have single knot or snag in his fur to begin with, but his coat looked even glossier once the strenuous and time consuming task finished. Shade paraded himself in front of everyone to see his new look. He grinned the whole time.
Marlin also bought new clothing that had only half sleeves and new boots. He favored light blue tunics.
Alex about choked on his tongue when he first saw Lily’s new attire. She had discarded his spare clothes, but they weren’t meant for her specifically. Her new leggings were contoured to fit her shapely muscles and womanly hips. Her tunics were all sleeveless and comfortable against her torso. She favored the lighter red or white colors and whatever she wore made his heart skip a beat or two. She didn’t like showing off the impressive scars on her arms to her friends, but to would-be assailants they were a necessity. They were a real threat display to her strength, but there was a darker meaning about them that she never revealed to anyone. Her defensive item couldn’t be seen through the tunic, but Alex knew it was still there, ever protecting her. She even bought a new leather belt and returned Alex’s. Her customized belt had leather sleeves built in so she could slide her items through. She bought new and sturdy leather boots for any long travels they were sure to face. She finally looked more like herself and less like a worn traveler. She was a tall and proud warrior of six foot three and ethereally beautiful.
During their time together with Kallel and Mary, Alex, Lily and Marlin planted new seeds to begin growing for the next harvest. Marlin repaired some of the barn’s roofing and Lily used her three bladed sword to cut through the bushes, so the trail to the boat would be easily traversed. The misses would mostly work in the house, but once she was finished she’d spend the rest of her time with Shade. He wanted to communicate with her, but she didn’t know how to read or write. One time she giggled like a little girl when Shade let her ride on his back. He went slow, of course, but it was worth it to see her happy. Even Kallel tried riding once, but he became sick and retched after Shade let him down on the ground.
He didn’t try to ride ever again.
There was this one stressful incident where Clift freed the other two horses from their stalls. It upset Kallel, but Clift and the other two remained on the property and grazed without fleeing to freedom. Alex spoke with them and they said they loved living here, it was their home. Kallel soon allowed them free reign of the property, under Alex’s mediation to do as they like, but they must still work by pulling the wagon and plow, but refrain from eating the crops. It was tense for a short time, but everyone got into a comfortable working repetition. Clift wasn’t in trouble for what he did, because he had a point. ‘All fiends, animals and humans are born free and shouldn’t be caged if they are good and remain productive.’
Clift was also really improving with his nightly lessons with Shade, especially when he was re-shoed from the local blacksmith. His fear had lessened and his strikes sped and became more focused.
Also every night everyone would all eat outside together.
Then there were the repairs made to the ship. It was a difficult time repairing the damaged rudder because everyone needed to maneuver the boat as close to the shore as they dared, without getting it stuck on the lake’s floor. The old wooden rudder needed to be completely replaced so it was taken off the remaining rusty hinge and removed it from the ship. Shade had helped out in installing the new rudder because Alex needed to stand on his back, to attach the five new brackets that secured the rudder to the ship and allowed it to turn the craft.
It took four days to repair the mast, after removing the forward one from the ship altogether. Everyone listened to Alex as he said how it could be repaired without replacing the central pillar. He knew about repairing boats from reading. They used pressed metal strips and long bolts to slowly work their way up the damaged areas of the main mast. Where there were weak spots and splinters, they’d wrap them up and secure it. The bottom horizontal pole needed to be replaced, that held the sails, but the two higher ones were more than strong enough to support a sail. Then Kallel bought three fabric sails of different sizes and were soon latched to the mast’s three poles and kept them tied up. Sometimes Marlin would get sick from the height, but he’d finish his job before he’d lose a meal.
The deck and she ships sides took a week to remove the warped and rotted boards. More than half of the deck needed to be replaced, along with the ship’s sides. Both Kallel and Marlin knew a lot about ships so they were instructed to make a new steering wheel, reinforcing the turning mechanism and figuring how to manipulate the ship with only a single mast.
Lily and Alex were given two scraping tools and were used to scrape off as much algae as possible from the belly of the ship. Usually they had to swim beneath the water to scrape it off. It was tedious work, but they managed to get rid of as much as possible.
And Marlin saved Alex on several occasions by smacking the back of his head. Lily was always soaked from working in the water and when she would get out of the water, her clothing would cling to her every curve and sometimes she’d get cold. She had filled out well since her rescue and Alex couldn’t help but be mesmerized by her sensual beauty she hid under a tough demeanor. Her body was both feminine and powerful. Her legs and arms were long and subtly muscled below fair porcelain skin, but her hips and waist were very womanly. Her breasts weren’t large, but that didn’t hinder her loveliness. And before she ever caught Alex eyeing her he’d averted his vision.
Yesterday Kallel, Marlin, Lily and Alex took the boat for a short preliminary test. The mast easily held the full windblown sails and the rudder turned the boat perfectly. They didn’t take on the least amount of water and the speed at which the boat sailed was remarkably fast for the ship.
They were another step closer. They all knew it.
Returning by nightfall and spending most of the night stocking the boat for the morning departure, they were all excited and worn out. Meat was stocked as were, fruits, vegetables and hay for Clift. After fully stocking the ship they had one last meal together.

As usual, Alex awoke earlier than everyone. It remained still somewhat dark outside and it felt like another cool morning. He stood and stretched his muscles. Shade also awoke and stretched in the stall as well, maw wide, yawning. He grabbed his full leather pack and put it on, then exited the barn.
Shade followed Alex down to the lake. Once they made it he stripped off his clothes and cleaned himself up in private. After shaving, he gave Shade a bath too and brushed him. Both became content. Alex walked back to shore and put his clothes back on, but left his pack by the dock. After the cool bath, they both went back up the trail.
They didn’t need to wait long for the others to rouse because everyone was getting up early as well. Lily was the first to step out of the house and she greeted Alex with a heartwarming smile. She shouldered her pack on and it was as stuffed as his is. She asked “Are you all set to finally get moving?” he smiled back. “Good. The others are just finishing up as well.” She walked over to pat Shade’s silky fur.
Once everyone finally left the house, Mary spoke first. She stood at the front door and looked to be on the verge of tears. “It was so pleasant, getting to meet all of you. I will not soon forget all of the excitement each one of you has brought into my home. Safe journey to you all.”
They each said their goodbyes to her in their own way. Alex clasped his wrist with hers and she smiled. Marlin gave her a one armed hug. Lily mock punched her shoulder and Shade gave her a wet tongue against her face. She giggled and hugged his thick neck the best she could. He rumbled in gratitude. And Kallel gave her a kiss before parting.
By the time they wound their way down the path, to the ship, Clift was already waiting for all of them, absentmindedly eating on some fresh grass by the water’s edge. He seemed to be enjoying it. Alex gabbed his pack and slung it over his shoulder. Now everyone was ready and moved along the dock until they reached the end. Clift made the most noise, because of his hooves on the wood. Once they made it to the ramp Kallel and Marlin walked up first. Clift became a little skittish, walking up the ramp, but he wobbled his way up to the deck. Shade easily moved up the ramp, followed closely by Lily. Before Alex could board the vessel with the others he had to untie the boat from the dock, simple enough.
On the deck he pulled the ramp up onto the boat, with Marlin’s aid. Alex helped Lily with pulling up the anchor while Kallel walked to the wheel deck. Marlin had Clift lay down on the deck and Shade laid by his side, for support. Then the three of them climbed the mast to unfurl the sails.
There was a nice breeze coming from the southeast. With the wind’s aid, the sails caught the breeze and began pulling away from shore. They climbed back down to make sure everything was in order and it was.
Our journey to Alluan was back on.
About an hour into the trip everyone relaxed while the ship sailed. The shore line had all but disappeared by now. Alex stood and walked towards the aft. Once he made it up to Kallel he smiled as he steered the boat. “Do you need something from me, Alex?”
“Actually, you’ve never finished explaining what your item can do?”
Kallel smiled as he dug in his pocket. He pulled out a sextant. On the top was a telescope with a scale beneath it. It looked to be made of gold, but it was his item. He held it in the palm of his hand for his number one deckhand to see. “My item is a level one specialty. No matter where I am in all the lands I can navigate them with ease and never get lost. Even on a sunny day, like today, my telescope can pierce the azure sky and reveal the stars. I use my scale to keep my headings and bearings. The only other specialty is that I can see further distances than the average spyglass. It isn’t a fancy item, but it is useful for sailors.” He then lifted the scope to his eye and gazed along the vast waters horizon. “We are all clear for the foreseeable future. Enjoy the ride for awhile.”
Alex went back to the main deck and relaxed alongside Shade.

Night had fallen again and Alex found sleep eluded him. Dreams of seeing his first home ablaze and his Uncle Gambit being murdered before his eyes kept him from resting. The voyage of the ship kept the visions coming unfortunately. Just thinking about departing on a boat brought forth the memories as clearly as he first saw them. His only solace lay in the fact that not all hope was lost. The hounds of one’s past can haunt us if we let it. His uncle used to say. The silent ride wasn’t helping to clear the past visions. Then thoughts turned upon his companions again. Shade and all of the others went below deck to get some sleep about two hours ago. Kallel locked the steering wheel and it allowed the boat to sail on its own. They were all safe, even if his dreams plagued him.
Alex was leaning against the rail on the starboard side of the top deck, calmly looking over the water. The breeze still came from the same direction and it blew in his right ear, making a low and continuous hum. His staff was secure, in his leather belt, on his backside. Both of his elbows were planted on the railing for comfort. The sky was empty and it allowed all of the stars and the half lit moon to light the scenery. The water looked almost completely black. Everything was just so peaceful right now. His mental aches seemed to ease.
Suddenly he felt someone looking at him and then a delicate scent of a sea breeze wafted past. “It isn’t nice to sneak up on someone, Lily.”
“How did you know it was me?” he turned to see her walking to him with a mystified expression. She walked right up to his side as he went back to staring out across the water. She rested her rear against the rail, looking in the opposite direction. “I’m usually excellent at sneaking up on someone. How did you know it was me and not one of the others?”
“I can tell when someone is usually looking at me, but what tipped me off was your smell.” He said evenly and calmly while gazing at the nostalgic scene, but he didn’t see her gaze turn upon him in disbelief.
“My smell? Do I smell? Do I need another bath?”
“Nay, you don’t smell in that sense.” Lily watched as he smiled while sighing through his nose. “You have a unique scent that I adore. It reminds me like I’m home again and all this insanity is all part of my elaborate imagination, when you are around. You smell like a clean sea breeze on a peaceful night. It has just a hint of salt mixed with a pleasant and sweet aroma. I just like to notice those things about you.”
Lily’s tone changed from confused to a teasing kind of testing. “So you like my scent? You have a pleasant smell as well, like tilled earth and cut grass.” Her words had the desired effect because she watched him blush in the darkness. Then she added when he remained silent “And you like noticing things about me? When we first met what was I wearing?”
With his voice remaining neutral he spoke truthfully. “You were wearing a deep red, sleeveless tunic with brown pants and issued boots.” She was about to speak, but he continued on. “When we both looked at each other for the first time you were soaked from me pushing you into the stream. Your hair was saturated with water, but it was slightly longer back then than it is now. The water droplets seemed to trickle off you like falling stars on the most empty of skies. Your wet clothing clung to you, but at the time your hips and breasts weren’t as defined or as shapely as they are right this moment. Your arms and thighs are back to the same tone as they once were though. And your eyes were slightly darker then because you thought I was a threat. Your lips lost little color because at the time you were chilled, but they were still as full as they ever were.” What am I saying? Why am I saying all this so suddenly? How will this change how we stand with each other? Why is she so quiet? Alex asked himself bashfully.
He glanced at her to see her gazing down at her touching her lips with two fingers. Then she looked down at her bust and then studied the rest of her body with a critical eye, after hearing such detailed observations. She finally turned to look at him and realized he saw what she was doing. Then her face flushed and she looked down in embarrassment. Her voice had then turned down to a soft melody that only he could hear. “You do have a good memory. I wish I did, but I couldn’t see what you actually looked in the darkness, with clarity I mean. All I remember was your voice. I’m sorry that I cannot remember.”
He looked out over to the water again. “Don’t worry about it. I can see better in the dark, better than everyone I know, aside from Shade. And you don’t need to worry about our first meeting. I’m just glad we can talk like this.”
“Me too,” She said while turning around to match his stance on the rail. Her hair blew in the wind; washing him in her scent. She just gazed over the water while being only a few inches away from leaning against him. “Do you have anything you’d like to know from me?”
Of course he did, but almost all of the questions were geared toward if she liked him. He thought; What is she thinking about? Was this a trap of hers to crush my hopes again? There was no way he would spoil the moment by asking those questions until he was positive of her feelings. Alex’s heart wanted to ask her so much, but it also felt insecure. Then he did find a question she could answer.
“Why did you choose to come to my island? What did you do there?”
“I originally went there to get some rest from all I did a month before. Even if I was there for vacation, I still needed to follow orders. I was charged with scouting the island and clearing out any dangerous fiends that might threaten the local population. I killed a few Fury’s along with a few wild dogs that had gotten loose and killed there owners. I thought it was an easy task until that Shadow Fang showed up. I couldn’t believe such a dangerous fiend lived there. It wasn’t the first I’ve seen though. The report I was given didn’t even mention there being even a single track from one of them. It was a small and diverse climate that I guess anything could live there.
“Then after I left your body I ran back to the barracks. While filling out my report and explaining my story, I got an emergency summons a week later.” She was going further than the original question, but he wouldn’t halt this progress between them. “I had left to make way to the border of Nicronane and Alluan. There had been reports of traitors and I was tasked with the dealing out the dirty work. You already know who I was ordered to murder. I killed the general… and you already know the rest.” She finally looked at him and smiled.
“And I couldn’t be happier than right now.” She tilted her head to the side as she listened to the words, but didn’t understand the context. “I now get to have you to myself. We’ve both been through much, but I think it’s worth it to have you at my side right now.” She smiled at the simple and touching speech and turned to look at the water again.
They watched the water in silence for the rest of the night.

About four days later they estimated that The Pack, they called their group, would have passed themselves if they would have continued traveling on foot. And they only needed to patch a small leaking hole in the boat during the whole trip.

On the seventh day and around noon Kallel suddenly shouted in worry “We’ve got Company!” Alex followed his finger to see an approaching ship.
The sails were blood red and counted three massive masts, pointed directly towards them. The boat was four times their size and looked newly built, ready for battle. The deck of the boat rose over fifteen feet above the water’s edge. Alex saw many bodies moving along its deck, preparing themselves. It was a battleship if he had ever seen one.
They were in serious trouble.
Both Lily and Marlin were by his side within moments. Lily cursed “It’s the Water Guard. We’ll never be able to out run them or fight in this thing.” She went for her swords in preparation for battle.
Alex grabbed her shoulders and turned her to look at him before she drew them. “Do you trust me?” Her amethyst eyes flared, but she nodded without hesitation. “Good, now we have some time before they arrive. Let me think.”
A minute later he came up with the answer. “Clift, Shade! Get up here. We have a situation.” Immediately Shade appeared on the deck by using his shadow. His eyes were wide and alert while he scanned the surroundings. Clift wasn’t far behind as he galloped up the steps and appeared out of the hole to the lower deck. Alex gained Shade’s attention. “We are most likely going to have some Guards about to visit us by boarding this vessel. I’ll need you to stay in your shadow and down on the lower deck. If anything goes seriously wrong, you’ll need to do your thing before they can alert the others.” He pointed to the oncoming ship. Shade growled menacingly, but dove into his Shadow again and disappeared between the decks cracks.
By this time Kallel joined them at the fore of the ship, Alex began speaking his plans to get them out of this alive. “Lily, you are too easily recognizable.” She frowned. “By now, most Guard units must already know about our earlier incident. What I need for you to do is hide in Clift’s hay pile and stay there. He and Shade will be down there to aid you if something happens. Get going…NOW!” he smacked her rear and she actually squealed.
Without waiting to see what she might do for that gesture, like before when he lifted her on Shade she punched his jaw from his act, he shifted his gaze. “Clift. I need you to slowly eat your hay while Lily is hiding inside it. If they try to poke the hay, pretend to spook and kick them if you need to. Defend your food.” He nodded and followed after Lily, as she descended into the lower level.
Then he looked between Kallel and Marlin. “First we need to tie up the sails just to make their approach think we’ve submitted. We’ll need make up a story as to why we are traveling across this lake. Something like Marlin and I are brothers and you are our father. What do you think?”
“That could work, Alex. I’d appear to have married young, but it could work.” Kallel admitted with a grin. “But we had better hide our rings.” He took his off and shoved it in his pocket.
They followed his lead and did the same before climbing the mast. While they raised the sails the three of them fine tuned the plan. By the time the sails were closed the Water Guard was only a few minutes away. They then climbed back down and waited for the imminent arrival. Marlin hid his item behind his back and Alex lazily held the staff at his side.
A few moments later a deep voice yelled “Ahoy there! Prepare to be boarded for an inspection!”
The gigantic boat that pulled alongside of them not only blocked the sun, but also made the small ship rock from the large waves it created. There were at least ninety to a hundred crew members aboard, peering at the three of them from over the side of the ship. They had also raised their sails to stop along side Kallel’s starboard side. There were some men shouting, but it was mostly garbled. There were holes on the side of their ship for cannons. Kallel’s ship looked more like a bath toy rather than a transport boat in comparison.
The three of them stood on the port side of the deck, seemingly forthcoming to any demands. Marlin and Alex waited together and Kallel stood protectively in front of them. We needed to play our parts perfectly or else we’ll all perish. They all thought separately.
Some people on the ship threw towing hooks to pull Kallel’s boat to theirs. Once they couldn’t go anywhere, the Guard laid a long ramp from their ship to Kallel’s deck. The wind still blew strongly, but fifteen guards all walked across the plank and onto their ship.
Leading the guards was a man decorated with metals showing his rank as the admiral of the enormous battle ship. He carried two ancient cutlasses at his hip and they were his two items, but their coloring was different for each; one white, the other, pure black. He appeared like an average size man and wore the usual guard’s uniform which consisted of a red tunic and brown pants. Once all of the fifteen members stood on the deck the admiral looked at the shape of Kallel’s boat before speaking. “This will be just a routine inspection of your ship. We need be sure that you aren’t Freelan and supplying them with anything valuable.”
“Father, what’s a Freelan?” Marlin asked innocently.
“Oh don’t be an idiot. Father has told us a thousand times that they are a rebel group fighting the king’s regime.” Alex said matter-of-factly.
“Now, now boys. This is no time to argue. We have guests if you haven’t realized.” Kallel said disappointedly while shaking his head.
At the same time Marlin and Alex bowed slightly and simultaneously said “Sorry, Father.”
Then the admiral smiled weakly under his graying beard. “Men, go and search this boat while I speak to these fine citizens.” The guards spread out and searched the boat. Half of them went down into the lower level. Alex could hear most of them going through their things.
Their minds refocused as the captain walked closer. “While the men do their duty I’d like to know what you’re up to all the way out here.”
Kallel grinned and Alex liked his plan before the guards showed up. “Why I’m sailing across to meet my sister. I just received word that her husband was killed by members of Freelan. So my sons and myself are crossing the lake to see if there is something we might be able to do to ease her suffering of the incident. Once I drop them off I’m coming back to tend to my wife, she’s ill at the moment, but her mother is looking over her while I see about my sister’s well being.”
“You’ll attempt to make such a journey in this…thing?” Then the admiral began looking at the patched boat. “Are you sure you’ll make it? I’ve never seen such a shambled ship…”
Suddenly Clift neighed in terror and Alex’s grip tightened against his staff. He began shouting a string of curses that were indeed impressive. Alex’s heart stammered as he listened for sounds of men screaming. Then came the voices of the men below deck. “Careful, he’s a kicker.” “Ow! He bites too!” “Get away from ‘em!” and the men continued yelling at each other. Soon all eight men stormed out of the lower level and they were panting heavily.
The admiral’s eye narrowed on three men before him as he demanded from his men “What happened down there? Did you find anything that will expose them as rebel liars?” Alex didn’t like being called a liar, but controlled his temper.
“Nay, Admiral!” One man said. “It was just an easily spooked horse below deck. When we got too close to his hay we scared him and he about kicked me.” The next man continued the report, showing a little blood on his forearm where Clift’s teeth impressions stood out firmly. “We found four packs, but they were all clean. We checked their food supply, but it was only food and fresh water, enough for only them and their steed.” As the man finished speaking, Clift went silent.
“Is that all?” The admiral finally looked at his men. They all said the citizens were cleared of suspicion. Then the captain politely bowed to Kallel. “I’m sorry about the inconvenience. You may all leave now in peace.”
Kallel laughed which caught all off guard. “I’m glad you’re doing your job, Admiral. I feel safer knowing that you do such fine work. I don’t mind the inconveniency just as long you find a Freelan rebel in your search.”
The man grinned and walked back to his ship, along with all of his men. They removed their hooks and the board.
Alex, Kallel and Marlin waited and watched as the Water Guard reopened their sails and continued on their way.
Once they were too far away they all sighed in relief and put their rings back on. The three of them unfurled the sails and continued on the journey. Alex walked back down the stairs after the boat began were moving ahead and said “We made it. You can all come out now.”
Lily almost exploded out of the hay. She brushed off all the straw off her clothing. Her eyes locked onto Alex’s and she smiled. “You are truly devious. I almost blew my cover when Clift spooked. Is that what you told him to do?” he nodded. “We’ll tell me next time. It was a close call when you don’t understand what someone always says, especially if you speak to animals. Are we good to go?” he nodded and she sighed in relief while removing the strands in her hair.
Shade came up and out from his shadow next to Lily and admitted that he was glad everything worked out. Relief filled them all.





Chapter 17

After the single incident with the Water Guard, things went smoothly ever since. None of them have seen a single Guard ship or fishing vessel since the boarding. If it were to happen again they might not be so lucky if the situation were to be repeated. Though they were joyous the plan succeeded but none dropped their guard in systematically scanning the horizon every few minutes.
For the next week they saw few things but water, water, and you guessed it, more water. And then on the seventh day land changed the northern horizon. It was a welcome sight. Alex’s heart beat with joy knowing that they had made it completely across the vast lake safely and the next leg of the journey was just up ahead.
Kallel then followed the shoreline of Point Lake westerly for a few more days until entering the mouth of the Quad River.
Each and every one of them were relieved to see trees and land once again. If the ship failed them now they would all be capable of swimming to shore.
The Quad River runs from Point Lake all the way back to Nicronane or deeper into Alluan, depending on which route you wished to travel. Alex’s destination was further in Alluan so Kallel kept to the northern bank. The river is mainly freshwater, bled from Point Lake, but if you took the river south, into Nicronane, it becomes brackish.
The relatively straight river was sailed for the next three weeks and at some points the water became murky. It was dangerous because Kallel grew afraid of underwater logs and other hidden debris laying beneath the brown water. There were many docks along the river and most were run down because no one had used them in many years. Kallel docked only once, at small a community to buy a few fresh supplies and then continued on. It might have taken some time to repair the ship, but Alex and the others saved at least four month of traveling continually on foot. Some points in the river were tight to get through, but Kallel was a great sailor and Marlin’s item saved their hides from crashing into underwater obstacles. His bobber saw everything in the water that couldn’t be seen with the naked eye. When the ship became too close to any dangerous debris Marlin would float it to the surface or weigh them down, whatever he deemed necessary. There were four large rivers they could have turned on, but they stuck with the main one heading deeper into Alluan’s boarders.

Around mid morning on the thirty third sailing day, Kallel shouted from the helm “WE’VE MADE IT!!!”
Everyone was on the top deck as Kallel pointed to an unnoticeable dock. It was hidden by a small cove that choked at a point. You wouldn’t realize it was there unless you knew exactly where to look. The trees blocked most of the cove and no ships larger than Kallel’s could possibly fit through the inlet’s entrance.
He somehow managed to fit his boat through the bottleneck and into the peaceful cove. The water was undisturbed until the boat’s wakes arrived, causing ripples. The color of the water stayed brown because of the surrounding trees, but it was strangely clear for about six feet below the calm surface. A faint breeze rustled the trees above and a school of fish kept swimming under the water’s calm surface. The cove remained relatively serene even with the intrusion.
It was a beautiful place.
Kallel spun the ship around expertly and docked perfectly. The sailing journey finally came to a harmonious end.
Marlin and Alex slid the ramp onto the dock. All went quiet too suddenly. Then Shade howled and launched himself off the boat and into the water, causing havoc all around. His splash made the fish scatter and the sloshing noise echoed off the surrounding trees. Squirrels and birds joined together in anger to Shade’s appearance. All he did was rumble a laugh at his newfound freedom. He made everyone laugh because they knew they didn’t have to stay onboard any longer. They could move as they pleased instead of residing in the cramped quarters for so long, with little to do for entertainment.
Below deck they went and grabbed their packs and loaded them with food as tightly as could be properly stuffed. Lily filled the two skins inside the water bucket one last time before walking off the boat. Clift was the last one to take the ramp to the pier. He still looked wary until he finally landed on the sturdy dock. He too was neighing in relief, but refrained from joining Shade in a swim.
Kallel looked down at the five amazing recruits who did so much. “You kids had better be safe. You all should know the way to the relay point. Good luck and may you live freely.”
Each one of them said their thanks of gratitude and then he departed the cove soon after while the four walked up the dock and Shade had already beaten them to shore. He shook his wet fur everywhere and he included everyone in the spray.
Once they were moderately dry again Lily asked “Where to now?”
“Now we head north and onto the plains. It shouldn’t be more than a few days journey.” Alex said and hoisted his pack in a comfortable position before walking down the trail.
Alex led everyone through the path that led to the dock, realizing from past tracks in the ground that the last party to come through this trail had been three weeks ago in the least, four at the most. Trees surrounded their every step, sheltering their bodies from the sun with its welcome canopy, but the birds continued singing and Lily would hum; making the trek that much more pleasurable. The path shrunk too small to walk side by side, but they managed to talk freely and pleasantly.
After two days of trudging through the thickly grown vegetation and varied greenery, it began to thin out rapidly. Before any of them knew it, they were on a relatively flat and grassy plain. Clift neighed at all the opportunity he was just delivered to. Everyone could see his mouth watering in anticipation.
It was midmorning and the untamed grass bent with the wind. The grass was lush and a healthy shade of green. Alex knew that this land must have been rained on recently so water wouldn’t be too hard to find. There were only trees to their back and nothing but open space to the front. The air smelled sweet and the only noise came from insects. The sky was brilliant blue and clear of all clouds.
Alex looked up and to his right as Lily rode expertly atop Shade, finishing humming the same delicate melody. She said “There is room for the two of us up here. I’m sure Shade wants to get a move on.”
Shade shifted his gaze from her to his brother. He asked Shade “Do you want to pick up the pace?” He grinned and nodded once. It was astounding they were on the same wavelength. “Can you manage for two people to ride?”
“Please. I could carry three on my back and not feel any discomfort. I cannot even feel Lily’s weight as it is. The two of you won’t disrupt my run. Besides it has been a long time since I’ve had an opportunity to stretch my legs with such room, plus we can make great time with such free land and no trees to dodge.” He grinned even larger, sabers flashing in the sunlight. “Hop on my big little brother.” Alex smiled as he walked up to Shade’s side.
There seemed something odd about Shade, once Alex came closer he began understand the slow change that happened gradually in their journeys. He had grown yet again. The last time Alex measured him properly, the top of Shade’s shoulders had reached his, but now they reached his eye level and his sabers were closer to nine inches and sharper than ever. His shoulder and hind muscles had thickened and became more defined underneath his fur. His paws had become larger as did those sharply curved claws. His tail has also become longer. His tail frightened the others more than anything. It was a deadly bludgeoning weapon, especially when he became excited. Alex wondered when he’d cease to quit growing. Was Shade becoming a Shadow Fang Lord?
He didn’t mention his thoughts aloud as he spoke to Lily. “Allow me to ride in the forward position. Please.” Lily smiled as she placed her hands on Shade’s back and lifted her rear slightly so she could slide back.
Alex took the staff and planted it firmly into the ground. He then jumped on Shade’s back, but it felt almost too easy. Even with his new size there wasn’t any problem leaping the height, but usually he had to crouch down for Lily to climb up. His long legs straddled across Shade’s ribs and behind his shoulders. Alex then felt his own thighs casually to understand why it was so easy to leap and the change made his eyes widen. They’ve been journeying so long that he hadn’t realized that Shade wasn’t the only one who’s grown. Alex’s legs had thickened and his chest had bulked up ever so slightly. The added muscle size had aided the ascent atop Shade’s back. He then reached down and retrieved the still standing staff. With his Xeal staff in his left hand Alex grabbed a handful of Shade’s shoulder fur with the other.
Then Alex felt something that sent an electric current coursing throughout his body. It wasn’t an unpleasant sensation. Immediately his mind remembered the sensation from the past and it reminded him what it meant. Awareness of his whole body electrified as Lily had scooted forward. Her inner thighs touched his outer and then she wrapped her arms around his abdominals. The hilts of her swords barely touched his waist line. She pressed her chest into his wide back and he felt that her breasts were still plated with her armored item. Then her scent made him hyperaware of her. Where they touched felt like bliss, and where it did didn’t, ached for her contact.
Alex turned his head to peer at her with a single eye. Her eyes were calm as she looked back at him. She wanted to hold him, but she couldn’t say that so she instead took a more logical explanation. “I need something to hold on to and you are all I’ve got.” She looked the other way as she squeezed her legs. She was unsure of how he would take her statement.
Immediately Shade began walking and slowly increased his speed.
Marlin began smiling at Alex while riding expertly Clift. He gave Alex a subtle gesture of approval and made it vanish before Lily looked in his direction.
While Shade ran, there was only one thing Alex was able to think about. Lily’s last sentence rang inside his mind. She was holding on to me because I was all she had? She was the first one I could hold onto, but she already knew that. Alex thought. Her tone was well controlled so it was difficult to decipher if she meant more than she said or if she meant it only in a platonic way. It might have been said like that, but he chose to think of the implications rather than let her words slip away. Her importance to him was unequaled, except for Shade if they were speaking of close friendship. His romantic love for her was true, but would it ever be requited?
Alex managed to keep his Xeal staff off to his hip to make sure it didn’t accidently contact Lily in a painful way. She still remained clutched to his body as Shade continued running.
Shade on the other hand started howling with joy as his speed picked up even more. He enjoyed the way his body moved and the effortless speed he could achieve. The only time he stopped was because in his excitement he left Clift off in the distance, trying his best to keep up the impossible pace.
A few hours later they took a short break and continued on the journey. They rested during the night and continued in the day. Shade didn’t lose himself again throughout the day’s run and leave Clift behind. Lily didn’t speak too much to anyone, but Alex still felt like he was getting through to her slowly. Right now she needed a friend and companion, not a person pursuing her hand. She needed to seek out what she wanted, not be forced into anything she wasn’t ready for.
There was nothing but a sea of flat land covered in grass as they ran north, that they could see. The emptiness became disconcerting for them all.

On the sixth day they had finally found something different in the open travels. Off in the distance to the north stood a lone oak tree. It was undoubtedly a local landmark and their next destination. It wasn’t difficult to spot once they had found it. It was a ways off, but a different terrain than what they’ve seen recently.
It came as a sure sign of hope.
Since Shade and Clift had run all morning, the three humans decided to walk along their side. With a destination in sight they didn’t need to rush.
While they walked Lily and Marlin were jabbering about something, but Alex’s attention was occupied. “Shade, you’ve been quiet for a very long time. What are you thinking about so seriously?”
Shade’s ears perked as he turned his head towards his brother. His tone had become calm and sure as he walked. “When Uncle Gambit died, I wanted to join this organization the moment I read it from your uncle’s final will. I do not want to hide who and what I am, when Freelan comes to retrieve us. I’m a Shadow Fang and I’m proud of it. If they can use my strength, they will need to accept me without us being covert like our past adventures. I’m no sneak. I’m an honorable warrior.”
Alex patted his back. “I’ve thought about it as well. You’re right. We’ve come here to be accepted and you are an irreplaceable part of us. I’ll follow your lead this time.”
He explained what Shade wanted to do to the others and they all agreed that Shade did have a point and a right. Lily mock punched Shade’s shoulder and they both grinned. Marlin and Alex sighed jokingly knowing that they will both get them all in trouble at some point in the near future.
When they moved closer to the enormous tree Alex told the others that he saw seven people waiting under it. At least that was the amount of bodies that were visible to him. Lily and Marlin told Shade and Alex to wait here for a few minutes. Clift traveled with them.
The three went off to inform the seven new companions who was to come. Shade and Alex hunkered down into the tall grass while cautiously watching the others under the tree walk up to the three. The conversation looked tense, but the wind muffled the words. Then the two of them saw Lily’s silver crescent sword glint in the reflected sunlight. That was the signal they were waiting for.
Shade and Alex stood and casually walked in the tree’s direction. Once they were close enough they could see the stunned and scared expressions on the faces of the seven other new Freelan members. There were two teenage boys and a early twenty’s woman. The other was a husband and wife with their two teenage daughters. Each of their faces were sheet white as Shade and Alex made their approach. Marlin then walked between the two sides.
He began introductions.
“These are our other companions we spoke of, Alex and Shade. As you can see we weren’t lying when we said that we had an actual Shadow Fang with us.” Then Marlin turned to his friend. “Alex, these are also new members. This here is…” Marlin explained all seven of their names to him and he in turn told Shade.
Shade grinned and the seven others took a retreating step back. They thought he was being aggressive. Shade then looked at the ground. He easily began tearing into the soil with powerful claws. Everyone watched as Shade began writing.
Once he was finished he sat down next to his work. Alex looked at the seven and asked “Do any of you know how to read?”
The only one to raise their hand was the young woman. “I do.”
He pointed to Shade’s writing and stepped to his side. She walked up to the two reluctantly. She had long brown hair and worn clothes. She has also been on a long journey like the entire pack has. Her hands were slightly dirty and she clutched her item in her hand. Alex couldn’t see exactly what it was because of its small size. She then slowly looked down at the writing and her eyes grew. “Hello. I’m Shade. It is a pleasure to meet all of you.”
The woman’s eyes met his golden. “You know how to read and write?”
“Aye, he can. I can promise that none of you will be harmed by him. If you are nice to him he will be respectful of you.” Alex clarified.
They were reluctant to meet Shade, but they allowed everyone under the tree’s canopy for protection from the unwavering sun.
The tree was massive, but nowhere near as large as the Xeal tree lord inside the Ruler’s Forest. Marlin, Lily and Alex had all sat their packs and belongings against the tree’s trunk. The grass under the tree has been cut and maintained which meant that this place has many visitors. There was a soft and comfortable breeze coming from the west which cooled the warming air. It was a pleasant place to rest one’s tired and aching muscles.
The Pack stayed off to the side, so that the others wouldn’t feel threatened by their presence. They all sat under the canopy except for Clift. He decided to graze ravenously.
While they sat they asked the others simple questions.
The young woman explained she arrived two days ago, but she missed Freelan by only a few hours and she has been waiting here ever since. Alex saw the steed and boot tracks and they were as old as she claimed. The teenage boys had arrived yesterday evening and waited with her. The family arrived earlier that morning. What they didn’t know is that Alex found old hidden tracks that explained Freelan patrols usually arrive every five or six days, if the pattern remained the same. So everyone had a minimum of two to three days in their wait.
The next day the others became slightly less uncomfortable around Shade. They found out quickly that Alex was able to commune with Shade and Clift. The boys especially wanted to know how he could do such a thing with his voice and they wanted Alex to ask Shade a bunch of questions.

On the third morning since their arrival, a thundering noise sounded from far off in the distance. Shade had heard it as well and approached his brother’s side moments later. The sound emanated directly from the north. Alex and Shade both focused their eyes on a dark point in the distance, creating dust.
Wanting a better view of who approached, Alex climbed up the tall tree for the advantage. Once he made it up half way he could see between the branches. He yelled down to the alerted group. “Rides are coming.” A large detachment of cavalry riders were heading in their immediate direction.
Once he climbed back down, Marlin helped put Alex’s things in his leather pack. Marlin handed it to him and he slid it on. Alex grabbed his staff from the tree trunk and walked to Shade’s side.
While they waited together everyone decided to stand in front of them for some reason. The other newbie’s stood at the head, while Lily, Marlin and Clift stood behind them. Shade and Alex remained at the rear.
The group became larger as they approached. A troop of thirty people appeared, each riding horses in a V formation. There were twelve extra horses that weren’t carrying a rider. Only seven women were amongst the group of riders, the rest looked like battle hardened veterans and above average warriors. Each person wore a different clothing style, but only one thing was the same. Each one wore a silver ring on their right index finger. All of their expressions were calm and their eyes scouted the horizon for any signs of danger.
Leading the group was a large man with a dark brown beard, frosted with hints of gray that hung down to the hollow of his throat. His arms were large and his chest was wide. Alex had guessed he was in his mid-thirties. He wore a dark green sleeveless tunic along with brown pants. His leather boots had spurs on the heels. His brown eyes looked directly at the group beneath the tree.
As he drew closer, his eyes widened in shock. His voice boomed. “Look Out! Shadow Fang!”
His company came to an abrupt halt, warhorses neighing from the unexpected stop. Alex could easily tell that out of the thirty, only five weren’t of the weapons class. The other newbie’s ducked as weapons were drawn, but Lily, Marlin, Clift, Shade and Alex looked relaxed. They knew something like this would probably happen. Alex needed to do something before things got too out of hand. Alex’s voice boomed with authority once again. “You do not need to fear my companion! Holster your items!”
Over half of the people instinctively obeyed his words and the other half sat stunned. Even the leader looked at the human beside one of the Big Three with wide eyes as a menacing flanged mace hung off his side.
Alex walked around the others, Shade stayed right by his side. Shade and Alex walked a safe distance to greet the leader. They stopped together and he spoke casually. “My name is Alex, and this here is Shade.” he patted Shade’s shoulder and he glanced at him before looking into the man’s eyes. “He will pose no danger for you or anyone else, unless they attack him. If they do attack than he won’t show leniency.” Alex then looked at Shade directly. “Give him a greeting.”
Several people gasped as he spoke to Shade.
Shade turned his back to the lined group. He then began writing again. While he wrote Alex spoke. “He is extremely smart and is writing you a letter to show he isn’t a mindless beast. If I might ask your name?”
The man eyed the tall young man and especially Shade suspiciously. He then grudgingly holstered the shaft of his hanging mace. He glanced at his men and nodded. They too put their weapons away while eyeing the pair warily. Cautious brown eyes bore into the boy’s gray, but he had a hard time keeping his fire lit while maintaining eye contact with Alex. He then sat up completely straight before addressing the Shadow Fang’s speaker.
“I am Commander Yort. I command this battalion along with a quarter of our land based forces. I am charged with delivering new recruits to the main city, after you have been tested.”
“What kind of test? Takka didn’t say anything about that.”
Yort grinned. “Takka is a sly man who only tells you what you need to know. He gives the first ok, but to become a full member there is a few tests one needs to take.” He crossed his burly arms. “If you wish to continue you will come with us, otherwise leave.” His tone told everyone there was only one option. Since each knew the meeting spot beneath the oak tree they’d be killed if any were to bow out now. They would think they were a spy and that would be detrimental to their health if any were to refuse.
“You are likely a truth seeker… I can pass any test you’ve got in store for me.” Whatever it takes, Alex told himself for personal reassurance.
He grinned. “Good choice and I am.”
Yort’s eyes shifted as Shade nudged Alex’s shoulder with his nose. “I’m finished, Alex. Tell him he’s allowed to read.”
Alex stepped back to allow Commander Yort to see what was written. His eyes narrowed as he read the soil. Once he was finished he threw his head back and laughed, slapping his hand against his thigh. He then pointed at the ground. “Men, come look at this. A fiend can write, and legibly too.”
He moved his warhorse back as his comrades moved in so they could read. Some laughed while others stared dumbfounded.
Suddenly Yort dismounted his steed and so did most of his men. Fifteen stayed behind to hold the other horse’s reigns. Fourteen men, plus the commander, came over to stand in front of Alex. They stopped fifteen paces away.
“You said your name is Alex correct?” he nodded. “Very well, Alex. There is one test that will be performed.” He pulled out his mace, holding the shaft’s handle out to the tall lad. “You will hold my item and I will ask you two questions and you will tell me the truth. I will warn you. You will only get two tries at giving an honest answer for each question. If you lie, my item’s reaction will heat up too hot for you to handle. Do not try to hold on or else your skin will melt. If it senses that you’ve lied on the second attempt, you will be killed by our hands.” He gestured to his men who all had a hand on their weapon items. “My item cannot be lied to nor can it be tricked. If I lie it does the same to me.” He held up his burned and melted hand. It had healed, but the damage was unmistakable. “This helps weed out any spies. That is why I’m a truth seeker.”
He then gestured Alex forward with a flick of his handle. Alex walked up closer, but a man took his staff away. He declared “No weapons permitted.” and any could understand the reasoning. They were putting their lives on the line and weapons would only hinder their advancement back home, to those they cherish.
As Alex walked forward the fourteen men surrounded him. Shade didn’t like it, but he was told to stay put. The circle thought the lad growled at them, but he reassured them by saying that he told Shade to not interfere.
Still he remained completely surrounded with no chance to escape, except to take the tests and pass. He walked closer and grabbed the handle of the commander’s mace. He then released his grip and the item was heavier than it looked, but Alex was more than capable of holding it in one hand. Alex stepped back and waited.
“My first question is; are you really called Alex?”
He wanted to see how his item worked so he said “Nay.”
The shaft of the mace flared red hot instantly in his left hand. His hand reflexively dropped it before the heat could singe the flesh away. Alex then started laughing and so did a few of the surrounding guards who got a kick out of his reaction. Alex picked it back up once it turned black and cool again. Commander Yort grinned as Alex said “I had to try it once.”
Yort then continued with the next question. “What is the reason you’d like to join Freelan?”
Is that all? Maybe there is more to this. Is there something he’s looking for that cannot be seen? Just to be safe, I’ll explain myself. Alex straightened up proudly as he said “Because I want to free the minds of the people from the king’s archaic notion that sacrifice is the only key to ensure happiness. I want the people of all lands to live how they want to, without persecution and the only way to accomplish my goals is to join Freelan.” The entire time the heavy item remained cool to the touch,
Yort grinned and took his item back. “Welcome to our ranks. Now wait until the others have been tested.” The circle opened up and the man returned the staff back to Alex. Then the commander yelled “Next!”
Shade was the first to greet him and he wanted to know what happened. While they walked back, one of the boys entered the closing circle of warriors. Lily and the others remained in the same spot, and they met up with them. They also wanted to know and Alex explained everything that went on. He told them not to lie because his hand still stung.
While they talked the other two went on and they all passed the test. The family also passed without incident. And then Marlin went up and handed his collapsed pole over to the man who took Alex’s staff. Alex listened to Marlin’s answers and his answer about joining was similar to what he told Takka back in Nicronane. He still wasn’t abashed about his position.
Marlin returned and tucked his item in his back belt loops again, grinning from ear to ear.
Lily squeezed Alex’s shoulder before she was the last to approach. She handed her sheathed items over to the man again and Yort first asked “Why do you want to join?”
“I want to help others and save their…OUCH!” The mace sizzled as it hit the ground. She was shocked by the sudden reaction of his item. Whatever she said or was about to was a lie. Alex’s heart started thrumming when the circle all grabbed their weapons and drew them.
Alex crouched forward and Shade knew what his body language meant without saying anything. He crouched forward and lowered his head too.
Yort made it voice tight and controlled. “You only get one more chance to tell the truth. If you lie once more you will be cut down.”
Lily turned and met Alex’s defiant grey eyes, but she’s never seen such a protective look from him before. What are you looking at me for? Alex asked in his thoughts. She was taller than most of the people around her so it was easy for her to find him. Her eyes were frightened and haunted, but not from the situation. She was more than capable of dealing with those around her, even without her items. She seemed worried about something she was about to say or do. Alex knew her well enough to be worried for her immediate safety. Her expression was like a personal secret that she didn’t want to reveal to anyone, but there was little choice. It made his heart beat even faster, but only to see her safe. She then broke eye contact and picked up the mace again. She then looked Yort in the eye and asked “May I whisper my answer in your ear?”
“Only if one of my men can keep a blade at your throat,” He said evenly.
“That will be fine.”
One of the men in the group held a knife to her throat as she bent closer to whisper. Yort and Lily both showed impassive expressions. They were both used to life and death situations and a blade at Lily’s throat didn’t unsettle her like it would to most others. Her voice was too soft for Alex to hear. But what she said made Commander Yort look directly at him and the mace remained cool. Once she pulled back he studied her expression for a while.
He nodded and stated “That answer will get you access.” The knife moved from her throat and the knife wielder moved back into his original position. “Now what is your name?”
“Lily of the Blood Moon.”
Everyone was stunned into silence at such honesty. Yort recognized her name almost immediately and began laughing until she held up his unresponsive mace and then his face turned to rage. “Arrest HERRR!”
The men converged on her and Alex snapped. This will not happen again. Because of her name, they were about to…
His heart had begun thundering and things slowed once again. Senses became sharper and his limbs felt stronger. Heat poured of him as his staff began falling to the ground, he’d need both hands for what was needed.
Before anyone seemed to move, Alex had already pushed one man out of the way and gotten within the circle. Lily had an even look as she gazed at Yort, who remained in mid-scream. He wound his arms around her taut middle and jumped backwards. Her body snapped forward from the speed and the mace left her hand as he leapt out of the circle. Alex landed about twenty paces away and maneuvered her behind him. Then his heart slowed and things sped up again. The crash was a little stronger and more violent than it was at Takka’s place. The shakes returned to his limbs and he had to focus before anything else could happen.
The man Alex pushed, fell on his back and the others took another step and then looked between each other. Before anything happened, it took all Alex’s control and willpower to stop the spasms rolling through his body. They all had dumbfounded expressions as they searched for her so he gave a hint with a whistle. “Over Here!”
They turned as one to the sound of Alex’s voice. And then their eyes turned to disbelief once they realized he saved Lily and she stood behind him. He even heard her voice speaking in complete denial. “How? Wait…! What just happened? Alex?”
He ignored her and spoke. “Commander Yort! You and I need to have a personal discussion, now! The rest of you will stay where you are. If anyone moves to intercept Lily they will have to deal with Shade.”
Perfect timing occurred as Shade walked to stand between them and the others. His deep voice was calm, but his golden eyes weren’t close to matching his tone. “Alex, what is going on? Things look too serious.”
“Just make sure that no one tries to move after Lily. They want to most likely kill her wherever it is we’re going.” He moved deliberately closer to Lily and growled deeply to the warriors, threatening any who came closer. Alex then began walking away from everyone.
Then Yort demanded “Who gave you the authority to order us around!?”
Alex stopped cold and his patience was very thin at the moment. He slowly turned his vision completely upon him. No one else mattered, but the focus on Yort. His heart wasn’t hammering, but some other part of Alex wanted to beat him down into submission. He felt commanding, like no one could contest him without losing their sanity or their life. It was as if Alex became cloaked in authority and the sense put a weight to his words that couldn’t be ignored or disregarded. The feeling had always been part of him, but he still cannot understand himself nor does he understand why. The feeling of authority had flared again, but it didn’t recede as abruptly as it usually does.
Yort began weakening under such an intense stare and weight on his chest. It was like he submitted his own soul under those grey eyes. He had no choice except to obey. As he bent down to grab his mace Alex continued walking away.
He silently followed the strange lad, away from his troops. Once they couldn’t be heard, but could easily see the others under the tree, Alex stopped. Yort was looking down and almost bumped into him. His mace’s leash was clutched in his hand and it swung forward with his abrupt stop. Once he stopped Alex began speaking casually. “Commander Yort, there are things I must know before I explain anything to you. Tell me why you ordered Lily to be arrested?”
Yort’s brown eyes looked into his unwavering grey. The boy with raven hair watched both him and his item for any signs of untruths. “Lily of the Blood Moon is one of our largest threats. She has a price on her head for killing so many of our members. She is in the top one hundred people that must be taken care of.” His item started heating up, but he continued. “She was also the one who slaughtered my home village a year and a half ago. She did it all by herself.” The shaft began cooling. “Believe it or not she’s not the kind of person that deserves a second chance.”
“Thank you for the truth. Now hand me your item so you will know the truth of my words.” He did so reluctantly, but didn’t have a choice. Alex clutched it in his left hand and brought it forward so Yort could easily watch it for any lies. “Now let me tell you what she has been through to come here, knowing her past deeds.”
He explained about how she killed her commanding officer to save a Freelan family. Takka gave the ring for her because she passed his preliminary test. He laughed when Alex explained how they rescued her from Central City. Yort stopped once his item didn’t respond to a lie. Yort was told almost about everything about how she has changed from her former life and into the one he was proud of. At times Yort couldn’t stop himself from looking at Lily in wonder.
“Now here is what you are going to do.” Yort’s eyes widened at Alex’s ruling. His commanding cloak didn’t weaken even once during the whole speech. It was a frightening thrill to have, but it wasn’t right to force Yort’s submission. Unfortunately it was necessary for them to continue being together. “Lily will not be arrested or harmed by anyone and she will stick with us. She will not be executed after being detained and tortured because she doesn’t need to be put in that predicament ever again. I will take full responsibility for anything that should happen. She will be by my side and will be a great asset to the cause. She wants a chance to prove herself to others and that is why she is here and not deserted us. She has changed to better herself.”
“Are you sure about that?” He smiled in a way that said she wanted something else altogether.
“It doesn’t matter why she is here. Her thoughts are hers alone. Lily has her own reasons for keeping secrets, just as we all do. Whatever she told you shouldn’t be reiterated. I’ll wait until she wants to tell me herself, if ever.”
He smiled deeper and changed subjects. “Alright. Lily will be your number one responsibility. I will not put her under arrest, but I will keep an eye on her regardless. I do not want to wake up with a blade to my back.” His eyes spoke that he was telling the truth. He was deathly afraid of her as well he should be.
With that said they turned around and headed back. Everyone had remained where they were and all silently watched the two men returned.
Eventually he walked over to Lily and Shade, while Yort walked to his men. The commander was the first to speak. “Lily of the Blood Moon is to be watched, but not be placed under arrest! Alex has convinced me that she is different now. We will give her a single chance. The moment she becomes a threat, we will act. If she runs away, she’ll be found and properly arrested and tried for her crimes. Until then, she and the others are now members of Freelan.” He then walked up to his man and grabbed her items. He brought them only as close as he could to them because Shade started to growl. It wasn’t a friendly approach and Shade sensed it. Yort then turned around and ordered “Saddle up so we can get away from here and back home.”
All of the members began walking back to their horses, periodically glancing back in Shade’s direction. The feeling of authority subsided in Alex.
A hand on his shoulder made him turn abruptly towards Lily. She looked both puzzled and pleased. “What did you say to change his mind about me?”
Alex’s next move came without warning, in the form of a smile. She blinked several times in confusion. “We can discuss it on the way. Right now we need to get moving or risk being left behind.”
Lily released her hold on his shoulder and walked around Shade to retrieve her items. Alex strapped his pack on and Marlin gave him back his staff. He then leapt atop Clift. Soon Alex climbed atop Shade and offered a hand to help Lily up to sit behind him once again. The other newbie’s were riding on the spare horses that were brought along with the riders.
Commander Yort turned to Alex and Lily. “We had better move on out of here. One of my men said we were in the clear, but we don’t rely on chance. Keep up if you can.”
In response, Lily embraced him from behind again. Just her touch made Alex joyous that they were together and safe again.
Soon the group started running north once again. Both Clift and Shade were laughing at the mediocre pace these steeds could run. Clift might not be a fully fledged warhorse yet, but he was certainly more powerful than these stabled horses. They weren’t even trying to gallop and Shade could do circles around the entire company and not lag behind. Their journey had made both Shade and Clift powerful runners compared to these steeds.
Clift and Shade ran together on the far right of the formation. While they ran, Alex explained how he’d changed the commander’s mind. She said she was grateful and hugged his back with a gentle gesture. Unfortunately her firm breasts pressed into his back and he could feel the exquisite contours. Alex needed to bring her hands up higher on his midsection once he felt a sudden, personal sensation coming to life and the pressure was uncomfortable.
He also spoke with Shade to catch him up on the events and also to clear his vivid thoughts of him and Lily.
Suddenly Lily’s hands slid too low after Shade made a small bound over a large rock. A singe giggle escaped her lips before she moved her hands back up. All of the muscles over his body locked in embarrassment. He was mortified, knowing what she now could do to him. Alex’s face flared, but was glad she could only see the back of his head.
She didn’t say anything on that subject, but she did ask a question. “Alex, how did you get me out of their circle before they could catch me?”
Lily deserved the truth. “Sometimes, something happens to me and my body has a reaction. It’s like I’m taken over by some other power. It isn’t reliable, but it has helped me save you thrice. When we first met, when I rescued you from the prisons and just a few moments ago. Everything seems to slow and…” He continued explaining the odd sensation that occurs.
A minute later she said “I’m glad to have you around.” And for the first time she rested the side of her head against his upper back. It was a pleasant feeling for her to rely on someone, but it was still new for her to do so.
What is that supposed to mean? Her words could be taken a hundred different ways, but the words were received with reverence. Oh Lily, there is so much that I’d like for you to hear, but I’m not secure enough to explain myself as it is. Hopefully my jumbled thoughts could become coherent when the time is right. Maybe you might not hit me this time. Alex thought jokingly.
Lily’s soft touch, along with her warmth was more of a comfort than he could have ever realized or imagined. Lily was by far the strongest woman he has ever met. She could fight and survive the most brutal of battles, but this was the first time she has clutched someone in such a way. That was a certainty. He could feel how uncomfortable it made her because she was holding his midsection awkwardly, but having her like this was one of the happiest times in his life.
She held him and didn’t inflict any pain.
Then Alex glanced to his left.
Marlin was looking at the content pair and a proud and satisfied smile spread across his lips. He then mouthed the following sentence. ‘It’s about time she did that.’
Alex grinned until his jaw ached.





Chapter 18

While everyone ran for the full day they eventually settled in for the night under a clear and starry sky. Three small fires sat amongst the riders and The Pack. Though there weren’t any Guards around no one took any flamboyant chances and alert their presence. The Freelan warriors and new members huddled close to the fires so as to block their orange light because it would be a brilliant beacon on this arid and grassy plane. Alex’s pack stayed together and Commander Yort, along with two of his most skilled warriors, sat with them. They did so only to keep a watch over Lily, The Pack all knew but didn’t state the obvious reason aloud. The battalion had brought plenty of food on their travels and all ate well, even Shade burped in satisfaction.
A few hours after nightfall one of the women approached Yort and she whispered in the commander’s ear. He then whispered back. She put a fist to her heart and walked over to grab a fresh horse. She mounted and headed north, leaving ahead of the entire group to deliver a report, undoubtedly telling of the unorthodox recruits being brought.
In the morning everyone continued heading in the same direction. They continued running in the same formation all day and only stopped twice, to take a break. Near the late afternoon the plane changed and trees began breaking the open terrain into a sparsely wooded forest.
That night more Freelan members wanted to know about The Pack and where they came from. And they especially wanted to know more about Shade because he was such a misunderstood creature. He wrote more in that night than in a week with Lily, but he enjoyed it. He fed off the attention and praise others gave him.
Around noon on the next day the company began slowing to a trot. Sparse trees began thickening into a lush wooded realm, full of life and hunting opportunities. Off in the distance Alex could see why they slowed in their travels. When they crested a hill, above the tree tops, there was an enormous castle city laid out before them all.
Commander Yort exclaimed. “Welcome to Freelan headquarters. This is the Royal City of Alluan. This will be your new home. Welcome to the family!” Everyone became quiet as they approached the city mainly because of seeing its beauty. Some people sighed at the sight, knowing a new home was within reach.
The Royal City was four or five times as large as the Nicronane’s Trade City. Alex could easily spot a wall surrounding the entire city, but the walls were made of enormous cut stones. The wall had a light gray look with flecks of black and green moss growing in a seemingly random order. They were undoubtedly siege walls of the greatest defense and to see them from such a distance gave a safe feeling. Above and behind the wall stood five large stone buildings or should be referred to as castles, but the one that looked to be in the middle was by far the largest building ever seen. Around the major buildings was the city and inhabitants. The buildings looked to be made of the same stone that made up the impressive walls. The city was surrounded by farmlands and stables and there were many who were out cultivating the crops. It also allowed the city to see for several leagues around its borders. Several streams bled into the city and also to the farmers for irrigation and drinking. The streams were too straight and perfect to be natural, but were made a very long time ago. They looked to be made around the time the city was first constructed and maintained since. Even from this distance all could see the city walls were surrounded by a moat. The sky above was partly cloudy, but they barely moved so Alex knew that it wouldn’t rain today.
Then Commander Yort gave everyone directions on how to enter the city.
There was a stone road two leagues ahead and once they made it there, the traveling positions had changed. Commander Yort took the lead on the road and all of his men followed him in a single line. Clift followed in behind the last horse and Shade took rear point.
It was a single lined procession that slowly moved along the road. Clift and the other horses’ hooves made the sound of the arrival even more dramatic. Shade didn’t even make a sound as they moved, but his ears were swerving in every direction, taking it all in. His tail kept moving from side to side and his excited eyes took in the new sights. His nose twitched at all of the new smells. Alex could tell he was eager to meet everyone though his brother remained quiet.
They all knew that they had successfully made it to their destination. Finally.
Deciding to stretch out his stiff legs, Alex tossed his right leg around and landed on the road. Shade and Alex smiled at each other. Lily just looked at them grinning at each other like idiots, but continued riding.
Anticipation continued building in each of the people as they moved closer and closer. Some of the farmers stopped working to gawk at the sight of the line, especially the rear. Shade loved the attention. They all had walked another league and a half when the city became easier to see and Alex was wrong. This Royal City actually was four times larger than Trade City to the south.
Commander Yort passed beneath the gate entrance first, after he crossed the drawbridge. The stone walls were twice as large as any that Alex or the others has seen thus far and he spotted several patrolling guards atop them. The protective walls were at least a hundred feet tall. Even the thickness of the wall was almost surreal. This city was an impenetrable fortress that the walls protected from any and all threats. The gate was made of solid metal and half as thick as the stone wall. Some of the men on the top of the walls began running and pointing down at Shade with fright, but they knew well enough not to attack him with so many bystanders near. Alex bet that it was all because of Shade’s ignorant reputation of being a Shadow Fang too. He was the largest of the procession and in this light he couldn’t be missed by any. His tail raised slightly higher once he looked up at the shouting guards on the wall.
The closer they moved to the gate, the louder a strange sound became. Alex could hear people screaming congratulations and clapping. They seemed to be cheering for the safe journey home of the warriors as well as for the newcomers. Nothing but acceptance came from the people of Alluan.
The adoration filled his heart.
Shade and Alex made their way under the gate and suddenly all noises ceased, once they moved out from under the gate’s shadow. Many people became frightfully stunned as they looked at the hulking predator and the ones who remained cheering for the homecoming stopped, once the others pointed to Shade’s presence. There wasn’t any further cheering or clapping like they previously heard. There was just an uncomfortable silence that hung in the air. Most were stunned, but others were trying and hoping to find a place to escape.
Suddenly a group of children, who weren’t paying any attention to their surroundings, were chasing each other. A group of five kids were chasing a little boy, all laughing. They ran past the shocked adults as they came down an alley and into the street. The little boy being chased somehow tripped and rolled into the center of the street. He eventually stopped rolling, but halted less than a pace in front of Shade’s stride.
There were some women who began crying and others who wanted to rescue the child, but were too afraid of moving closer to a grown Shadow Fang larger than the men and far heavier.
Shade stopped and looked down at the child who tripped. The little boy looked to be four or five years of age and his clothes were dirty from playing all day. He was wearing a spiked helm for an item. He had fallen on his belly and he pushed himself up into a standing position. He stood with his back to Shade as he brushed off his clothes while searching for his friends. He looked up at the stunned and wailing adults, and saw their expressions and worry. The boy didn’t realize they wanted him to run because the shouts were too jumbled. He was confused and nervous as he looked around at everyone, but couldn’t understand. Then he slowly turned around. He first looked down at Shade’s enormous paws and slowly lifted his head until he craned his neck as far back as it could go to reach large golden eyes peering back down. Then his muscles froze after his eyes widened in fright.
Shade though looked down at the child in curiosity. Shade was already enormous, but the child could be eaten whole if he chose. Alex smiled as the tension constricted even more as Shade brought his head closer to the boy. There wasn’t any noise except off in the far distance. He brought his nose down to the boy’s face and sniffed, learning his scent. Shade’s whiskers began brushing against the boy’s face, making him cringe away and whimper. Shade grinned and a woman in the crowd fainted from the horrid sight. Shade cracked open his mouth and the little boy saw dangerous teeth first hand.
The open muzzle was immediately followed by a large, wet tongue.
Shade licked the child from groin to crown. The boy staggered back from the playful assault and Shade began barking a laugh. His golden eyes were closed tightly and he laughed even more. It would be dangerous to be behind Shade right now because his tail was wagging as a deadly weapon. Then he pranced back and barked playfully.
The crowd breathe in a sigh of astonished relief.
“Alex,” he turned back to Shade. “ask the human pup if he would like to ride with Lily.” Shade looked overly energetic, seeming to prance in place.
Alex walked between Shade and the little boy. The procession had stopped and Commander Yort was watching them intently, but not unkindly. Marlin and Clift were a few paces away, grinning, and some of the crowd moved closer to hear the tall raven haired man speak. He then dropped to sit on his heels while using his staff to maintain balance.
“My partner wanted me to ask if you’d like a ride. I saw how the other children were chasing you. Would you like to do brag about being the first in the city to ride a Shadow Fang? They will be quite jealous of you.”
The little boy wiped his cheek as he looked up at the man who spoke in a deep soothing voice. He was a cute little boy with curly brown hair under the item. His little voice reminded Alex of Shade’s when he was just a pup. The pitch was higher than when he would grow into a man. “Really? He wants me to ride him? How do you know?” the boy asked.
“Would you like to or not?”
In instant response his little arms reached forward. Alex wrapped his left arm under his bottom while the little arms encircled his neck. He easily stood and walked around to Shade’s side. Lily reached down as Alex handed him up to her. She sat the boy in front of her lap. His short little legs barely stretched around Shade’s back. He looked back at Lily and then down to Shade. Immediately he began laughing and giggling, throwing his little fist in the air in a personal victory.
One person broke the silence by clapping his hands. Alex couldn’t see who the initial person was in the crowd, but then another started applauding. Soon the gathered throng of people accepted them like they did for the others, if not more.
Alex nodded toward Commander Yort and he smiled before spurring his steed forward, returning the procession into the city.
As the convoy continued, Shade and Alex began walking. Soon they watched as people left the crowd to only return with more spectators than before. Soon the entire street was packed tightly with people who wanted to see the unorthodox arrivals. The little boy giggled and waived excitedly at everyone, enjoying himself. More and more children started coming closer to see the Shadow Fang. There were even some gutsy children who moved closer than the adults ever dared, but they steered clear of his tail for their own well being. Shade loved being the center of attention and this was his moment to shine.
They walked for close to an hour and the people continued applauding and cheering. Many homes and shops inside the city were made of mostly wood, but there were some made of stone; like a small castle for a lord or lady. There weren’t any beggars or homeless unlike at Trade and Central City. Freelan worked together, like a family, rather than forced to do things independently. It helped for everyone to do their part, but retained their independence to do what they wished. They continued walking down the main street and then turned down a road. At the end of this road waited the second largest of the five large buildings they saw outside the gates.
This building looked to be fourteen stories tall and Alex couldn’t see around the side. All he knew was that it was massive. Many windows lined the building, showing fourteen levels. There was a large wooden double door at the top of a staircase made of stone. The building was like a large cubed castle. Alex guessed that this was going to be their barracks.
He wasn’t proven wrong.
The people continued following Shade until they passed the last house and onto a wide space that was covered with the paving stones. Then the people started to quietly leave and the silence was a comfort. Lily handed Alex the boy and he ran off into the crowd, giggling like never before. He waved at Shade one last time before disappearing, Shade winked goodbye. The space before them was cut into a crescent-like courtyard. Off to the left side of the opening was a large stable, housing hundreds of horses, and also a fenced in area for them to roam.
Each of them stopped while the thirty other riders dismounted and led their steeds over to the stable masters. All of the men walked through the barracks double doors and once the last person entered he shut the door behind himself. Commander Yort then walked out in front of the new arrivals. “We welcome each one of you to Freelan. Follow me inside so we can get you a temporary room. Once you put your things down we will meet back here and head over to the healers to check everyone out. After that, we will head to the dining hall.” He then turned to his right and said “The stable masters will care of the horses so please dismount and hand them over.”
When Marlin dismounted Alex walked up to Clift to ask “What are you going to do?”
He looked down at him and then over to the stables, tossing his mane. “I guess I’ll go and meet my new companions. I promise to behave and not cause too much of a panic. Who knows, maybe I might find me a mare.” Alex smiled up at him and the chestnut stallion grinned.
“I will take him if you don’t mind.”
Alex turned around to see a large teenage boy. He was sweaty and smelled like he has been dealing with horses all day. He reached up to grab Clift’s mane but he snorted angrily and raised himself up. Clift lifted his head proudly and puffed his chest in defiance. Before something dangerous were to happen Marlin grabbed the boy’s wrist.
“Listen. This is Clift. He is a stallion who does what he wants. He will follow where you need him to go, but it will be dangerous if you force him to do something against his will. Be sure no one rides him, but me. And if he wants out, don’t stand in his way.” Marlin released his grasp.
“Aye, Sir.” The boy bowed and took a step away. He was surprised Clift followed after him so easily.
The rest of The Pack smiled.
While Clift walked to the stables Alex walked back to Shade. Lily had already dismounted and rearranged the pack on her back. She smiled as he walked closer. “That child was a little cutie. He seemed so happy.” She smiled a little more beautifully. Lily was honest and it scattered his thoughts. She spoke like an actual woman, rather than a hardened warrior. It astonished him.
“Alex, what are we doing now?”
He met Shade’s eyes and told him “We are getting our temporary rooms.”
They all then followed the commander as he led the group to the building. 
Marlin and Alex opened both doors so Shade could fit more easily. After they fell in behind him, Commander Yort began speaking. “This room is where most of us rest and socialize in our downtime. All rooms on the first three floors are for the lower officers. Since you are all new, you will stay on the seventh floor or higher… Alex?” He moved around to find the bearded commander. “Will Shade be able to reside inside?”
“Aye, he knows to do his business outside.” Alex was glad Shade couldn’t understand the embarrassing notion.
“Alright then, follow me.” He turned and walked through the room.
The social room held round tables and chairs. There were many other Freelan members and some jumped out of their seats when they spotted Shade. There were a few of the ones who rode with them and they explained that everything was alright. The ceiling was lit with a wheel of candles. There was a solid stone floor beneath their feet and it was cool to the touch. They continued walking directly down the middle of the room.
Once they finally reached the end, several minutes later, a single stone staircase was winding up in a squared pattern against the back wall. Off to the left and right were rows of wooden doors that led to the officers quarters.
Alex followed after Shade and began walking up the steps after everyone else. Shade easily maneuvered all the way to the seventh floor. The stairs were more than adequate enough to support his size and weight. It was another quiet procession as they studied the new surroundings.
They stopped as Commander Yort turned to The Pack. “These barracks hold four people to a room. I’m guessing that Alex and his crew will stay together in one room. You may go to the end of the hall after you rounded the corner. You seven will come with me.” He pointed in the opposite direction.
“We’ll meet you down in the courtyard then.” Lily stated and turned to look at Alex. “I’m hungry. The sooner we drop our things off the sooner we may eat.”
He smiled approvingly as they turned around and headed down the corridor. They had left the others and turned the corner. More wooden doors lined each side of the hall. Off in the very end of the corridor looked to be a stone cylinder. Alex turned and saw another one behind them. The cylinder came up to waist high and it was covered with a metal lid. He cracked it open and was assaulted by a putrid smell. This was where everyone dumped all their waste and refuse. They walked down to the very end and opened the last door on the left.
The wooden door had a metal ring to pull the door open and it swung outwards. It was a large door that Shade was easily able to fit through. Inside the room were just the basics. It was a square room with four mattresses along with a circular table in the middle and a candle on top of it. The mattresses were all laying on the floor, one in each corner. The room wasn’t too large, but there was a window allowing some light into the room.
Lily tossed her bag onto the mattress in the lower right side. Shade claimed the upper left while Alex took the upper right. Marlin was content with the lower left. Once their things were dropped, they quickly headed back down the stairs. Before they made it outside Alex still saw a few people looking at their group warily. Trust still needed to be earned.

The four waited at the steps for several minutes until Commander Yort and the other seven newcomers met with them again. He said “Follow me so our healers may make sure you are all in top form. I’d like a good meal in me before nightfall.” They then followed in right behind him.
Shade continued gaining more attention from the people, Alex tried listening to Yort, but couldn’t catch much information with everyone trying to meet Shade. Lily patted his back because she was also trying to pay attention. Shade also enjoyed the architecture and the layout of the city. The roads they took to get here were easy to navigate, but devised in an unfamiliar pattern. As long as you stayed on one of the main roads you’d be sure to find your way through the city, asking for directions would help as well. The group hasn’t even been here for a day and they’d bet by morning they will be the newest attraction and celebrities of the Royal City. They traveled from their new barracks, over to the second smallest of the five large stone buildings.
This building looked to be built like a cylinder. It had only twelve stories, but it was also the newest to be built. They came upon a courtyard encircling the building. The courtyard was surrounded by dozens of sectioned white cloth. They became discrete patient rooms. In each outside room sat a table that one would use for getting seen. Yort had explained that only the sickest and grievously wounded were admitted inside the building, due to the lack of space compared to the size of the city, but no one was ever turned away.
Both men and women were walking around, wearing white vests. There were more healers here than Alex has ever thought possible. Commander Yort explained that only healers wore white so they could be easily recognized. He was also proud in saying that healers of all levels worked here, and quite a few didn’t have the item for it. Alex saw many healers tending to their patients. It was good to know they had a good healthcare system. It was more advanced than I’ve seen in any of the king’s cities or towns. He admitted to himself.
Yort continued to walk leisurely, up to the building and all the healers snapped their neck in their direction. Apparently news spread faster than one thought because only a few healers seemed to become openly frightened with Shade walking casually in their presence. The others mainly gawked.
The entire group stopped at a desk that stood in the middle of the courtyard. There was an older looking woman behind the desk, looking at each of them. She had grey hair and a plump figure. Commander Yort spoke to the woman. “These are the newest recruits and they need to be seen.”
Her voice came out sharp and raspy. “I’m not blind nor am I touched in the head. I will find you a proper healer, but I don’t know what I can do about that thing.” She pointed to Shade.
“We meant no disrespect.” Alex began speaking to the lady, but couldn’t hide his disappointment in her blatant disrespect. “I’m sure he is well even without a checkup, but he has also decided to join the cause of his own volition. I can guarantee he will be kind, so be kind in turn.”
Her eyes narrowed on the tall boy. “I will see what I can do. Go sit at a table and wait for a healer to come to you.” She pointed to an open table with an open curtain. It was too small for all of them, if they stuck together, but separation wasn’t ideal in such a circumstance.
“Follow me, Shade.” The woman’s eyes widened as Alex walked over to where she pointed. She wondered if she heard what she thought she did.
Shade, Marlin, Lily, Captain Yort and Alex sat for an hour by the curtain, hoping someone would finally come. The other new recruits were seen to promptly and went somewhere else. Shade had gotten tired of standing around for so long and decided to lay down right in front of the curtain doorway. They watched closely as the healers and patients gave Shade a wide berth. The older woman disappeared inside the building and hadn’t returned since they began waiting.
People had always feared fiends because of ignorant reputations and misconceptions. Shadow Fangs in particular have had a long and bad standing. They have always been portrayed as vicious and bloodthirsty fiends with an insatiable appetite for people and children, but after meeting Shade Alex knew they were completely false accusations and myths. Fiends have personalities just like people. Some can be kind and gentle and others can be too dangerous to be around. It would take time, but Alex would show that fiends can be both honorable and trustworthy. Shade was doing his best to help in his brother’s quest.
Then people around the courtyard started whispering as a young and beautiful woman walked out of the healers building. She looked to be in her early twenties. She had on a white tunic that covered most of her torso’s flesh and pants. She had a mature figure with a large bust. The woman wasn’t very tall, but she was developed. Her hair was dark brown and rested behind her shoulder blades. Plus she had gentle brown eyes, but they were extensively knowledgeable. She wore white shoes and walked brusquely in their direction. In her left hand hung a closed case made of a thin wood. Alex wondered what she wanted…
“Oh we are all in serious trouble now. That old broad sent out our head healer.” Commander Yort said while smiling warily.
Shade lifted his head to look at the woman coming toward him. “It’s about time. I was about to leave.” Shade said, slowly stood up and stretched, showing everyone how long they had to wait to finally be seen.
The healer stopped cold to look at Shade with a curious expression. Her voice was soft as she spoke. “So what everyone was saying is true. No wonder why none of my staff wanted to check you out. You are a magnificent specimen.” She then surprised them all as she walked up to Shade without apparently thinking. She then began to walk around him while murmuring under her breath.
Shade’s voice stuttered. “Alex, what is this female doing?”
“I think she is studying you…”
Alex stopped speaking once the woman looked at him. “You can speak with him?” he nodded casually. “Ok then will you tell him I’ll examine him first. He’s piqued my curiosity.” She began smiling like she had new study material. She didn’t seem the least bit curious how Alex was able to speak to Shade.
Commander Yort began laughing. “Niranene, you need to be examined yourself. Aren’t you the least bit afraid that you’ll be eaten?”
She then glared at him. “Yort, should I give you some of my medicine to silence that tongue?” He stopped laughing as she lifted her case meaningfully. It put him on edge. What did she have for medicine? Alex wondered. “I thought you would see it my way. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for me to observe a docile Shadow Fang. Now be silent while I work.” Niranene then looked at Alex. “Tell your fiend to stay still.”
She sat down her case and opened it while Alex explained what she said. She pulled out a round metallic, egg shaped item. Seven clear bottles were also inside the case, each one filled with pellets a different color, like the colors of a rainbow. Alex realized she is a level five healer with eight items that were born to her. She stood up while cupping the metallic egg in her left palm. She closed her eyes and placed the rounded metal against his large ribs. She then opened her eyes and smiled.
Niranene gestured to her metallic egg. “This item allows me to see inside one’s body, once I find the heartbeat. He has no internal injuries nor is he carrying any parasites. Your Shadow Fang is in perfect health.” Alex told Shade the good news as she went on. “Who’s next?”
“I am.” Marlin said a little too happily. Alex could see that his friend was instantly infatuated with the healer. He walked right up to her, unabashed, as Shade came over to stand with his brother and Lily. “What do I need to do, Beautiful?”
Niranene smiled and blushed, but kept eye contact with Marlin. “Open your shirt so I can access your heart.” Marlin began unbuttoning his shirt and Niranene’s eyes seemed to almost glaze over once she saw his impressive physique. She shook her head momentarily before she closed her eyes and pressed her item to his chest. She cleared her throat. “You are fit as well.”
While Lily was getting checked Alex spoke to Marlin in a hushed tone. “Her item is similar to yours. Your bobber can see things underwater, like she can see inside the body.”
He grinned back and whispered. “I think that is one of the reasons I like her.” He then began watching the healer’s every move.
“You’re next, Alex.” Lily said while buttoning the top of her tunic, the liquid metal flashed between her breasts had caught the sunlight momentarily.
He walked up to Niranene and unbuttoned the top two buttons of his tunic. She smiled politely as she looked up at Alex. She then put the item over his left pectoral muscle and closed her eyes. Her brow began to crease and he asked “Is something wrong?”
Her eyes shot open as she took her item away from his firm chest. “I cannot tell. I am…unable to see inside your body though I felt your heart beat quite strongly. I’ve never not seen inside someone before.”
Commander Yort was by his side quickly. “Niranene, what does this mean?”
“That’s the problem. I don’t know.” She began biting her bottom lip.
Alex spoke up. “Do you know the seer, Angie?” They both nodded and he could tell she was well known amongst Freelan. “She had the same problem with me. It was like I was invisible to her. When we met she didn’t see me coming.”
“Really? I’ve never heard her of immediate predictions ever being wrong.” Yort spoke aloud. “I wonder why some items don’t work against you…” He shook his head and glanced at Niranene. “Can you allow him to work?”
“I guess so. He is fit so I cannot see why he cannot. But Alex, if you feel the slightest bit off, do not hesitate to come and see me.”
“I promise.”
His word seemed to ease her worry.
She nodded and looked at the group. “You may do as you like. I have other errands to attend to. Excuse me.” She glanced behind Alex’s shoulder and blushed before rushing off.

Yort soon brought the four to the third largest building. While they walked each discussed why certain items work with Alex and others don’t.
This building was the city’s mess hall and inn. It had darkened to almost being completely night outside once they finally arrived. It was thirteen stories tall and it was loud inside. Three stories are designated for an extensive tavern while the rest are rooms one can rent. Music and too many conversations filled the nearby area. The building was squared off and lined with torches. 
There was one large gate they passed under as they came inside. There was a wooden stairwell to the higher levels. Rows and rows of tables and chairs were mostly occupied and a great deal filled the upper sections. Off in the back were musicians playing something that made one’s pulse jump to the tune. The walls were lit by torches and there were many candles on the multitude of chandeliers suspended from the ceiling. People were eating, drinking and having a great time.
That was until The Pack was spotted.
The music stopped, as did most of the conversations. Every pair of eyes shifted to them and Commander Yort finally snapped. “What is everyone’s problem!? If you haven’t seen Shade yet, I’d guarantee you’ve heard about him from someone! It’s not like he’s going to go on a killing spree! Go back to what you were doing!” His eyes narrowed on the musicians until they began playing.
Music might have been playing, but not a single person took their eyes off of them. Commander Yort sighed heavily and walked over to the platform where the chefs were looking at them curiously. The four followed him and some chefs walked back into the kitchen.
A well fed woman with short brown hair waited behind the bar table. She scowled, but kept her comments to herself. Everyone lined up, with Shade and Alex bringing up the rear.
Yort had a tray of meat and mead as he turned to look at the four. “You need to find your own seat and try not to cause an unfavorable incident in the future. I will meet you all in the morning should you need me. If you have problems, send someone for me or a higher ranked official and I’ll see what we can do.”
Lily and Marlin gained the same food as Yort, on their trays. They waited off to the side while Alex walked up to the woman. “What would you like?” She glanced from the raven haired lad with grey eyes to Shade, scowling.
Shade whispered in his ear after he asked what he’d like. “Shade would like a large slab of cooked meat and a bowl of berries. Do you have stock enough to feed a growing boy of his size?”
She finally grinned. “Aye. We have food enough to feed a growing boy. Let me see what I can do.” Her change of demeanor startled Alex for a moment.
She disappeared behind a wooden door. A few minutes later the woman returned with a huge circular tray with slabs of sliced meat which was two hands thick and a wooden bowl of berries was balanced atop the meat. She struggled with the weight, but managed to slide it onto the table. She harrumphed one last time before sighing and then said “I hope this works for him.”
“See for yourself.”
He pointed at Shade and once she saw what the lad meant she began laughing merrily. Large golden eyes were focused only on the tray before him. He had a thin stream of drool dripping off the tips of his sabers and his nose twitched wildly, whiskers flared. He wanted to eat right away.
Alex stepped to the long table and hoisted the meat easily onto his shoulder. He looked at the lady and said “Thank you. I will come back soon to get my food.”
He turned around and saw an empty table in the far back corner on this level. Taking the lead, He was followed by Shade and the others. He walked between the rows, feeling everyone’s eyes studying their every move. They passed many other members who all looked battle hardened, but they didn’t make a move for them. Alex knew if they ever posed a threat that the entire city wouldn’t hesitate to strike. The music was still playing and a few conversations had returned, but things were still tense while they maneuvered to the empty back table.
The circular table they used had four chairs made out of an old wood, but they were sturdy. It was peaceful back here so they took it without any interruptions. He placed Shade’s tray on top of the table and moved the bowl of berries off to the side. Shade’s eyes continued savoring his imminent meal. With his hands freed Alex grabbed one chair and moved it over to another empty table. Shade would eat with them like always. That wouldn’t change.
Lily and Marlin sat their trays down and took their seats. Once Shade sat where the former chair stood, Alex said “I’ll be back soon.”
He soon returned to the lady. She grinned “What will you have?”
“Meat, cheese and bread. May I also have two large mugs of water?” Shade hadn’t drank anything in quite a while.
She smiled again as she went into the back. She returned with his tray of food and two large wooden mugs. The meat was goat, as was where the wedge of cheese came from. The bread was a solid loaf, as long and as thick as his forearm, freshly baked and smelled more delicious than the rest of the course. Alex hoisted the tray onto his hand easily and said “Thank you for the meal. Tell the others who made it I’m grateful for their hard work.”
She smiled brightly. “Your words are kind. I will pass on your consideration to the staff.”
He returned to the table and both Marlin and Shade had begun eating. Shade had already consumed half of his sliced meat. Marlin was still cutting into some of his meat. When Alex sat down, Lily smiled and began eating with him. It was nice of her to wait.
Marlin continued jabbering on and on about Niranene. And later on, Lily and Alex had a conversation about why some certain items don’t affect him. Once Shade completed his hardy meal he grabbed his mug of water in his teeth and reared his head back. As he downed his water several people began laughing from the sight. Alex also noticed that many of the other conversations in the hall had picked up to its original level. There were a few discussions he overheard and they were mostly about Shade or their group. The Pack smiled at each other and spoke, but they could all feel the atmosphere dissipating. Things had finally relaxed with everyone inside the mess hall.

That was until an hour later. All of the raucous conversations and music ceased quicker than when Alex and the others made their arrival.
What had silenced everyone? Alex thought to himself.
Shade was laying on his side after eating so well, but his head came up and alert. He was speaking with his back to the entrance of the hall. Lily, Marlin and Alex were still sitting around the corner table having a reasonably long conversation about how amazingly large this city is.
Once they heard the noises stop, they ceased their conversation.
Everyone in the hall was gawking toward the entrance, but as Alex followed their line of sight everyone shot to their feet, sounds of chairs grating the floor shattered the silence for only a few seconds. It was like a wave as everyone stood at full attention. Some swooned because they had drunk too much liquor, but they tried sobering up as fast as they could. They’ve never seen any group move like this when they were just relaxing.
Alex’s questioning thought was asked again as he tried determining the cause for the reaction everyone had. He stood tall, trying to look over others. There were too many heads blocking a clear view. Alex was a tall man, but he wasn’t tall enough to see what others could.
Lily and Marlin stood by his side and Shade rose to his full height as well. He raised his head taller than his brother so he could see clearer. His eyes narrowed, but he couldn’t lock onto a specific spot. They were darting to several areas, but not clear enough to focus.
Alex wanted to ask what he could see, but before he could there was a deep and rich voice. It had an accent, one like Alex faintly remembered from the past. It boomed and echoed off the walls, but it seemed almost playful.
“I hear we have some new recruits! I was told that they were here! Did we miss them!?”
A fainter voice spoke. “No Sir. They are still in the back, General.”
Many eyes widened. The reason everyone went to their feet was because a general had appeared. Alex whispered into each of his companion’s ears and they had the same reaction, fear in seeing a high ranking officer. Shade knew what a general was from all of the books he has read from Alex’s old collection. Alex wasn’t sure how to react, but he knew to hold his tongue unless spoken to because flippancy could endanger all of them if anything was said out of turn.
Every head in the room turned toward them for a moment once they realized what had been said.
There was a large motion of moving people as they made way for a general. There were whispers and glances filling the room, some shot accusation stares at the corner. The sound of shuffling feet was irritating. It was then that Alex gained his first glimpse of the general.
He was a very tall man; even taller than Alex was. He stood about six foot eight. His skin tone was extremely dark like Takka’s and Alex remembered that was the accent he recognized. People continued to move so the general could continue heading in their direction. The closer he moved the more of him they saw. He was clad in a green and gold tunic, but his legs seemed to be armored. The leggings were definitely an item, but unlike Lily’s liquid-like armor, his were solid and removable. There were three sharp spikes on each bend in the knee and a pointed spike where the tips of his feet are. His arms were twice as bulky as Alex’s and his neck seemed too thick to be possible on a man. Over each of his hands were silver-like gauntlets with a sharp spike over each knuckle. The gleam of another item was peeking over his shoulder, but Alex wasn’t positive as to what exactly it was. He became dumbfounded to see so many weapon items belonging to a single person. He was inconceivably powerful.
Then Alex realized that he wasn’t alone. Two more men followed behind. The two men each had different types of items, but they wore the same attire as this general. One man had what looked like an oval, full bodied shield slung behind his back and the other had what looked like three sharp and curved claws wrapped over his hands. The two men were true warriors because of how fluid and sure they walked. They weren’t brothers, but they moved like they were.
The general’s dark eyes shifted to Shade once he was close enough. A smile spread across his face as he stopped only four paces away. He also had the whitest teeth Alex has ever seen, even whiter than his own. He seemed pleasant, but his movements said otherwise. He was prepared for an attack.
Once he came close enough to see each of them, his eyes moved off Shade. The dark eyes measured each of them in turn. Marlin stood calmly as he measured the three men. Lily stood and casually rested her hands on the pommels of her short swords. She too looked at the others like Marlin. Alex on the other hand stood with his staff in his right hand and kept it close to his side. He didn’t plant the butt on the ground, but it seemed as if it was. His eyes locked onto the general’s only.
“So you must be their leader.” He sounded sure as their eyes connected. And his men stood directly at his side.
If he did perceived the tall boy as a threat then Alex needed to be prepared as well. He calmed his voice and made his words ring true. “I’m not the leader of my friends. They look to me for advice, but I do not order them to do anything against their will. There is a big difference between a leader and a friend.”
Alex saw the general’s clawed companion move to intercept him for such blunt words, but Alex took a half step forward and flipped his staff. He pointed the end of the staff in the center of the warrior’s throat with less than an tenth of an inch to spare. He had the advantage and the other man knew it. He became motionless from the speed of the counter, but the staff didn’t even shake as it remained at the ready. Several people gasped at Alex’s explosive movement, but none dare moved.
The general began laughing. “You moved quicker than my second in command. You must be a good fighter.” He then looked between the two. “Both of you relax. Maiot, he wasn’t being malicious in his words. He was stating a fact that a leaders quality should be as a friend not as one who thinks he is superior.”
Alex stepped back and returned to his earlier stance. Maiot rubbed his throat and smiled weakly. “If you moved that dangerously with only wood, I’m actually afraid of what your item might be.”
“You don’t need to worry about that because I don’t have one.”
He laughed and rubbed his bald head. Then stopped once he saw the recruit’s empty expression. “Wait… you’re serious?” he remained silent.
Their words were heard by most everyone in the hall. The general also realized this and looked at the crowd. “At ease! Go back to what you were doing before I interrupted your evening meal!”
For the first time Alex saw what was on his back in the general’s turn to the crowd. It was a two sided battleaxe and it had a thick handle as long as its owner’s arm. It wasn’t difficult to realize that the general specialized and was lethal in close and hand to hand combat.
Slowly the music began playing and everyone took their seats. Most everyone quieted so they could eavesdrop on the general’s conversation. Most eyes returned to their group once again.
The general looked at all of them. “Would you mind if we may join you?”
“Pull up a chair.” Alex said and looked at Shade. “It’s alright. He wants to talk.” Shade nodded and laid on his belly next to Alex’s chair, but his back legs were tightly planted underneath and his front legs were outstretched. He usually does this incase he needs to stand instantly.
When Alex turned back around, the three new guests were staring at him, but the general’s eyes were calculating something. He wasn’t gawking like everyone else who’s heard his talent for the first time.
He turned his chair to the side and began rubbing Shade’s back with his left hand. Predatory golden eyes were zeroed in on the second in command. Maiot wasn’t slow as to why Shade glared at him. At least he didn’t growl.
Marlin sat at the back end of the round table while Lily sat between them. The three guests rearranged their previous order. The general sat next to Alex, but he sat in the chair backwards with his legs open. The shield man laid the item on the floor and sat between the general and Maiot. It was a silent moment for everyone until all had settled into their seats.
The general took a deep breath while looking at the four of them. “Since you are new around here, I would like to introduce myself. My name is General Rakkian. I am nine-and-thirty years of age and I am the head general under the queen. Now may I get to know each of you, ya?” His eyes shifted to Alex’s right for only a moment, he meant for his man to introduce himself.
“I am Gyro, I am a level five weapons class who specializes in the ultimate defense.” The man with the shield said evenly.
“I am Captain Maiot. I too am a level five, but I specialize in close and midrange attacks. I am second in command under our top general.”
Then it seemed prudent that it was their turn to introduce themselves. After all, the highest ranked officer took time out of his busy day to personally visit them. Even if they were the lowest subordinates of Freelan, it wouldn’t have been wise to remain silent. Rakkian seemed welcoming enough.
Patting his brother’s back he said. “This is Shade. He is only a year and a half old, but he is smarter than your average human. If you would like to speak with him without me present, you may write to him. He can both read and write so don’t even speculate that he is an ignorant fiend.” General Rakkian nodded while looking at Shade.
He then spoke for himself. “I am Alex. I’m nineteen and I can speak with fiends and animals. I was born without an item and I think that is why I might be capable of speaking with all manner of creatures…”
“Who was the one who gave you that ring?” The general interrupted suddenly, peering at the silver ring expectantly.
“My uncle, Gambit.”
General Rakkian’s eyes widened and his voice had to be cleared before he could get out “Would that happen to be Commander Gambit… Gambit the Red Soil?” Alex nodded and the General’s brilliant grin widened. “This is great news… I was in his battalion when I first joined. He might have only had a level one item, but I couldn’t ever best him in battle. We sparred together and I learned that a level one could beat a level five if they are more experienced. Where is he? Did he come with you or is he still retired? How is he?”
Alex’s throat swelled so tightly that he couldn’t speak.
The general caught the expression and understood. “I see…” his expression became less animated, disheartened. His eyes shifted to his left and his voice became lower. “I received a report yesterday stating that you would be joining us Lily of the Blood Moon. I know who you are, ya. Be not afraid of my men for I have ordered them to leave you unharmed, while you remain on good behavior. Watch where you tread and go not alone without another with you, for danger is present. Just know there are many who are after your head right now.”
“I’m not unaware of the crimes I have committed in the name of the king. If it wasn’t for Alex, I would still be doing what I was ordered, uncaring of the lives I’ve ruined or would still be ruining. But I am grateful for your warning, general.” She said evenly and calmly. Alex was proud to see how she’s changed.
General Rakkian’s eyes began calculating again as he listened to her.
“I’m Marlin I’m five-and-twenty years of age. I’m mainly a water type weapon user, but some of my skills are land based and also reside mildly in the specialist class.”
“Terrific. We need some aquatic item users, ya.” Marlin began shaking his head in a halting manner. “What is the problem?”
Marlin’s voice became unmovable. “I’m sorry, general, but I’m not going to stray from my pack. We work well together and wherever they go, I go. If you wish for me to do anything else I’ll gladly take the responsibility, but I will not be separated from them.”
A smile crept across the general’s thick lips. “So you work well together?” He began scratching his smooth chin. “I want to see for myself just how well you are. How about we have a test of sorts, ya?”
“What kind of test?” Alex asked, drawing attention back to himself.
“Something simple and easy... I was thinking of pitting my very best team together against you so that we can judge your skills. How about it?”
“That all depends on the rules and what is on stake.”
Another smile deepened on him. “The rules are quite simple. All items are allowed, but they must be wrapped so that no one is seriously injured. We will have a four on four battle, but I will have one of my men fighting atop a horse just to even the odds against Shade here.” He thumbed to his right. “We will also need to cover his sabers and claws.”
He began talking more about the unique rules he obviously thought up on the spot for them to work together. Once he was finished explaining, each of the group thought it would be a good idea. Shade was thrilled about fighting, but not about covering up his prized sabers. He was most proud of them.
Then the general ended the discussion by saying “I have had a pleasurable meeting this night, but I still have work to accomplish before retiring. I shall meet you all early in the morning. Have a pleasant night, sleep well and be prepared for the coming hours.”
Everyone in the mess hall quieted as General Rakkian stood. He soon left with his other men, trailing close behind. Soon they were out of sight and everyone in the room began speaking again, with renewed vigor. Those who were eavesdropping on the conversation stood from their tables and began explaining to their friends about what was said at their table. Soon the groups were buzzing about the fight that was going to occur in the morning.
“Alex, I believe we had better get some sleep.” Lily requested as she stretched her arms forward across the table.
They were all exhausted from all the travels of the day so they cleaned up. They put all of the trays and bowls together and Marlin took the large stack of dirty plates and trays, over to the woman again.
Once he came back they all left the suddenly silent mess hall, The Pack had caused an entire city to notice them, but they expected no less.
At the very least I could pit myself against the best Freelan had to offer. Uncle Gambit would be laughing if he knew about this. Alex thought humorously.

It took over an hour, but with some guidance from the local residence they managed to make it back to the barracks. It was dark outside and the torches helped light their path. There were very few people down in the social hall, but those that were still looked at them with caution.
They made it to their room on the seventh floor and walked inside.





Chapter 19

Inside the barrack’s new room Alex felt tired from the day’s events, but too awake to fall asleep. The worry and anticipation kept him too riled to achieve a peaceful dream state. Shade didn’t have any problems, once he crawled into his bed. He grunted and groaned, laying down, and loved the softness of his bed. Because of his monstrous size he curled into a ball so he could fit his entire body onto the bed. He made it work, but only just. From the calm and silent breathing sounds of the other companions, they were also awake.
It was extremely dark inside the room because there was only a small window and it was a cloudy night. Normally Alex could see at night almost as well as he could during the day, but now he could only see three dark shapes in the room. It is a little disorienting for him not being able to see.
“Alex, are you still awake?” Lily asked in a whisper.
He sat up and looked down at her in the corner of the room. “Aye, I’m awake. Are you worried about tomorrow?”
“I know that I am.” Marlin added while remaining flat on his back, arms wrapped behind his head and ankles comfortably crossed.
“I think we should come up with a plan on how to win tomorrows match.” Lily started saying. “I’ve been contemplating about our strengths and weaknesses and I’ve come up with three scenarios that would work in our favor. We all know that whoever we are to face will be the elites of Freelan’s warriors and we don’t have a clue about all of their abilities that they possess or their tactics, but they don’t know about us either. That will be an advantage for us I believe.”
“Tell us what you’ve thought up.” Marlin asked quietly.
She began stating each of her three scenarios and they were very detailed. Marlin and Alex then added certain ideas to what seemed pertinent to her calculations and they would implement any one depending on tomorrow’s debut. It would be a match worth remembering.
Alex’s only concern was why were they invited to a match so suddenly? It didn’t make any logical sense. There was more to this, but what? Maybe there is a catch to the sparring session or maybe the general truly wished to see our capabilities. Sighing, it didn’t do any good worrying about what could turn out as being a harmless competition, but still, something didn’t sit well…
“Since this is all we can do for tonight I believe we should sleep, while we still can.” Neither of them disagreed with Alex’s assessment. He leaned back down on the bed and eventually drifted into a deep sleep, relieved to have some kind of plan they could implement in the next few hours.

In the morning Shade woke each of them with a push of his paw against their sides. It was a gentle push.
While everyone stretched he opened the door to the room. On the side of their wall were four large pails of clean water along with deodorizing soap and sponges. Several more pails were also resting beside the other occupied doors, where other people slept. Alex smiled because they could finally clean themselves up after their long travels. He turned around and saw everyone busy doing something in their packs. He grabbed two pails of water and brought them into the room. All three of his companions smiled, knowing a clean body was exactly what they needed to start their day off right. Marlin grabbed the other two while Lily brought in the soaps and sponges.
“Alright, all of you boys out. I need some personal space.” All of the males stepped outside the room and Lily shut the door. After all, she wanted to be first in just about everything. And they knew it wasn’t proper to keep a lady waiting.
While Lily was bathing Alex explained to Shade the scenarios that were created from her expert battle experiences and assessment. All three plans had Shade doing the same thing, but the humans had a different approach. Shade knew he would win regardless of what or who his opponent was.
A minute after the explanations were finished Lily walked out of the room. She looked stunning. Her pure white hair was damp and brushed like sea-foam on a breezy day at the beach. Her focused purple eyes and expression were making Alex’s heart leap with joy. She was a stunning woman in her own right. She wore her clean clothes that she has been saving for awhile. Her light red sleeveless tunic was fitted snug against her developed contours. Her womanly aspects sent his thoughts in every direction. She is all female, no matter how boyish she tried to appear or acted to be. Their eyes met and she said it was their turn to clean up. Her smile tightened his throat so that his only answer to her was in the form of a nod.
Splashing the cold water on his face woke Alex quickly and helped clear rampant thoughts. He used the bucket to wash himself thoroughly and then shaved with his knife that Kallel bought back in Greeton. He slid on a newer and cleaner outfit and eventually walked out of the room. Lily smiled genuinely once she saw him cleaned and refreshed. Marlin took his turn and since there wasn’t enough water in Shade’s bucket for a bath, he decided to drink his pail.
After everyone had finished looking their best they dumped the dirty bucket of water down the cylinder at the end of the hall. It reeked, but they poured the used water down the hole as quickly as possible.
Before they left the room they each grabbed their weapons. Lily slid each sword into her belt’s modified loops. Marlin slid his collapsed rod between the belt loops of his right hip. Alex grabbed the unmarked staff and held it securely in his right hand. Shade didn’t need any weapons because his are all part of him.
The Pack then walked downstairs and out of the building.
The sun had just begun to rise, filling the sky with red and gold streaks, and the air held a cool breeze. General Rakkian said he would meet at the barracks, but he hadn’t arrived to the courtyard yet. Lily, Shade and Alex waited on the bottom step for their escorts to arrive. Marlin walked over to the stables and met Clift again to greet each other. Clift and Marlin wrote back and forth, telling each other about their nights. It seemed Shade’s teaching lessons had paid off.

About a half hour later the sound of a small group alerted them to someone approaching their position. Alex shifted his gaze straight ahead to see four men. There was General Rakkian, Captain Maiot, Gyro and a new person walking toward them. They each wore a green and gold tunic, black pants and brown leather boots. The three men they met at the mess hall looked the same as last night, but the new person carried a lance close to twice his own height. The lance held a fine point and the head itself was barbed along the tip’s four blades. His item looked like an enormous arrow, but without the fletching at the base.
So these men will be our sparring partners, General? Alex asked silently.
Marlin saw them approaching too and walked back over to Shade and the others. The four each stood and walked to them. They walked in a line, but shoulder to shoulder.
They met their guides about halfway in the courtyard. Marlin looked at Gyro, Lily at Captain Maiot, Shade stared at the new person quizzically and Alex looked at General Rakkian.
“I see each of you are ready for today, ya?” General Rakkian started.
“We are, but I was wondering who will be your forth man.” He grinned down at Alex and it wasn’t difficult to catch on to his meaning. “Wait… You are going to participate?”
“Of course I am. I haven’t had a decent fight since your uncle beat me senseless twenty years ago. I also need to wash the rust off of my item or else I’ll become lazy should my skills be needed. My men don’t need to see an indolent general. They need to see that I’m still the best.” He then lifted his chin slightly. “Plus I wish to see firsthand how good your team fares against my elite men.”
“You will see for yourself soon enough.” Alex grinned, brilliantly exposing his perfectly white teeth.
The general introduced them to his expert cavalry commander. His name was Quinn. They each introduced themselves to Quinn and he was accepting his role as an opponent as he and Shade met. Shade eyed the lance playfully. Alex knew he was thinking about playing fetch.
Once all pleasantries were exchanged, they followed the general and his men through the city. There were several early morning people and they didn’t balk at their approach because some already began accepting Shade. Most put a fist to their heart once they realized that the military leader traveled in their presence. While they walked, General Rakkian asked Alex questions, mainly about his uncle. He explained how Gambit raised him after his mother passed. He listened to Alex mournfully as he explained how Gambit was killed. Rakkian gave his sincerest condolences. They continued turning down different roads, but Alex had already memorized most from yesterday. They passed the mess hall and continued heading towards the southwest of the city. Only glimpses of the main castle could be seen, the other buildings were obstructing a direct view of the grandest palace in the city.
“Here we are.” The general announced happily.
Before them stood the smallest of the five buildings, but upon closer inspection Alex realized it wasn’t exactly a building. It was an arena. It was eleven stories tall and oval shaped. Where it lacked in height it made up in width. It was the longest of the five structures. There were two entrances at either point of the oval stadium. Its walls were made of cut stone and there weren’t any deformities nor were there any holes or windows. The entire building was surrounded by a small courtyard, so it could be completely walked around. The sounds inside the structure were weakened, but battles were already waging inside. Clapping and cheering could also be heard.
They continued following the general and approached the entrance. Several people were exiting the arena, covered in dirt and sweat from their training and hard work. Even more people were walking inside, ready to watch or participate. Most had stopped to look at the eight as they made it to the open arched entrance. While they walked through a short tunnel, most people moved aside to give them a generous amount of room. The sounds of skirmishes became louder and louder. Then they made it inside the structure.
Inside the stadium were many stone rows that looked to be recently cleaned. The rows moved in a wedged, forty five degree angle and would seat the spectators. The flooring of the arena was made of soft brown sand that has been heavily trampled. Thousands upon thousands of prints dotted the loose soil. The arena had been divided into three sections. One held hay dummies for those who used or specialized in ranged items. The middle held those who fought with items and the one closest to them was for those who fought hand to hand, because their items weren’t a weapon. The instructors were easy to spot because they were showing how things were done and continually shouting to their many pupils. Smaller classes were also available for children and women. Every person inside the arena was working to their limits. People were panting, sweating and some dropped to their knees when they couldn’t go on.
Under the king’s rule, one may only do a job that is befitting of their item and can support the people. There wasn’t a choice you could truly make for yourself except to join the Royal Guard, but most of the time you were forced to enlist. Marlin was one of the lucky few who were saved from such subjugation. If your item was in the utility classification, you could only do things befitting of your item. It has always upset Alex when a person wanted to strive for something they wished to do, only to be forced into doing only what the king or his followers decided. All for the sake of sacrifice, one could not be nor do what they wanted.
While Alex looked around the arena in wonder, General Rakkian spoke. “Unlike under King Runkamon’s rule we allow our people to do as they like, regardless of their item. But everyone must be strong or else we will lose the war. It doesn’t matter if you have a utility item or a special one, you must know how to defend yourself at all costs. Every man, woman and child takes special lessons so if the time comes, they will have a chance at surviving.
“Each person in this city must take at least one hourly lesson every three months. Some come every day and some come every three months. We keep things relaxed yet durable, and that includes everyone under my protection. We do not force people to do anything against their will, but they also know that we could be attacked at any given time. For that reason we made the three month rule. Any time longer than that one will forget the basics of combat…”
Alex didn’t realize Maiot had left the general’s side until he casually walked back. “General, we must hold our exhibition off for another hour. That will give the instructors time to finish their lessons. Also I’ve heard that many are to come see our event. The instructors too wish to see us in action. Will you have problems with what they have said?”
“That will be fine. We will watch from over here until our time comes.” The general pointed to a row.
Each of them walked over to the first row, in the middle section of the arena so that they could see all of the action the building had to offer. The general sat to his right and Lily to his left. Shade had walked in front of Alex and lay at his feet. Alex then began watching the morning instructions.
Everyone was talking, but he wasn’t paying any attention. These events captured his interest.
Each field was individually unique and eventually he settled mostly on the central part of the arena. That section was for those who fought with weapons. There was this one middle aged woman who had a pole staff and she was practicing with it off by herself. The perfect shaft lengthened and contracted as she moved, giving the comparison to Marlin’s rod aided his understanding. The natural state of the staff item was uncertain because of how skilled she is at using it. He couldn’t help himself as he studied each of her many forms. He watched as her body moved and how she spun her item in an almost blinding speed. When she would strike, her pole would lengthen almost immediately and once the strike ended, in constricted. She then would spin her wrists to change the trajectory of her item’s movement. Each move she made catalogued in his mind. He could easily implement some of her moves with his knotted staff.
Then her last move sent a chill up Alex’s spine. There was a large panel of wood standing in the sand. She stood only two paces away from the squared object. She took a semi-relaxed stance with her item clutched in her right hand. The pole butted into the ground and the flat tip came up to her eyelevel. She then took a slow breath and lifted her pole. She turned it from vertical to horizontal. She took a half step back with her left foot and also brought back her right arm, keeping her right foot locked in place. It could easily be seen that it was going to be a thrust, but it was something else too.
In a single instant there was almost a perfect hole in the wood. Alex expected the panel to fall over from the impact, but it didn’t. The move was so quick that a nonlethal weapon had become truly deadly. He had to break down her individual movements to understand what exactly just happened in that instant.
It wasn’t truly a single movement, but multiple and happening almost all at once. Her back left ankle twisted in a counterclockwise motion and the movement continued to travel up her leg. Then her hip twisted slightly and it made her torso spin as well. During this spinning movement, her right arm was bringing her staff towards the intended target. During the explosive spin, she rotated her shoulder, forearm and wrist. The staff had gained an immediate burst of rotational speed plus the momentum from the thrust. The result was seen from her wooden opponent.
This was a technique that he’s never seen nor dreamed about. It was also one he could use for himself since they are both staff users.
Once the woman finished her routine and left, he realized Lily was watching him intently. Her arms were crossed under her breasts and her legs were crossed together. She looked guarded and a little perturbed at him studying the other woman and not her like she’s used to. There was a little ice to her flat tone. “Did you like what you were looking at?”
Alex smiled. “Aye, I’ve gained a few ideas.”
His words came out too quick before realization registered in his mind.
Lily’s eyes darkened dangerously. It was too late to apologize for the words. If he did it now, his shoulder would be bruised before the skirmish.
While Alex became part of the conversations again, hundreds of more people entered the arena. Some had come for lessons, but most came to see the general in action. People seemed to think the group couldn’t hear them, but they could. Alex watched as more people entered and some pointed at Shade and sighed. The people were excited because they didn’t miss the upcoming match. Alex’s hope was that they didn’t come to see his utter defeat.

Once the hour was up, the general gained the instructors attention by a sharp whistle. “Your time is over! It is our turn now! Move off the field!”
Many people began cheering while everyone else scurried from the arena floor. The general issued orders to flatten the ground of the central section. While a large group of people with rakes smoothed out the sand, the large group followed the general over to five, very large crates. These crates were situated between the target practice area and the match grounds. The sand was soft and there wouldn’t be much traction to gain speed the usual way, but Alex grew up on an island of sand and knew a trick to gain speed without exerting the added force needed to traverse this environment.
The five crates were there for sparring sessions. The general explained how they made it safer for practical fighting sessions. The first crate held pink padded clothes and the next held wooden helmets. They were each given a cloth chest protector and a metal helmet that covered most of the head except for the eyes. The next crate held thick red cloth strips and every person received as much material as needed, but since Alex’s staff wasn’t lethal he didn’t need one, nor did Gyro. The forth crate held a washable red paint while the last held water to wash the wrapping cloths and weapons once finished. The water had been used and was already dyed a deep red.
Before Alex put on his chest protector and helmet he needed to work with Shade. Two long padded strips were in hand as he walked up to Shade. He knew what was coming so he opened his mouth, so his brother could easily access his sabers. One cloth was all that was needed per tooth and it completely wrapped his saber and tied it off at the top of the dangerous tooth. Alex then did the same for the other fang. Shade tested his mouth movement and didn’t like it, but he knew that it was needed to participate. He wanted to show off again and this was the price he’d gladly pay.
Testing the sharp backside of the sabers and seeing that the cloth held, Alex told the general that they were secure and wouldn’t cut through. They needed to be absolutely sure that Shade wouldn’t accidently harm anyone. As long as the cloth wasn’t ripped off, his sharp backsides wouldn’t rupture the cloth easily.
Alex slid on his padded armor and helmet. All of the others slid theirs on as well and everyone’s weapon was covered with cloth. Maiot covered each of the six individual claws, Lily encased her short swords. Marlin covered both his hook and bobber. Quinn’s lance was completely covered and the tip was heavily padded into a ball. General Rakkian covered his deadly battleaxe, his spiked gloves, knees and the tips of his feet.
They each had to coat their weapons into the paint and quickly did so. Alex dipped either end of the Xeal staff into the solution. Shade dipped in only his front paws. While everyone drenched their weapons, a boy brought a warhorse into the arena for Quinn. The steed was slightly larger than the ones they’ve seen thus far in the city, but Clift was still larger and Shade even more.
“May the best team win,” Alex said, extending his arm.
General Rakkian grasped his wrist and Alex his. “Don’t let me down.”
Alex’s pack soon walked away while hearing the cheering fans. They walked all the way towards the other end of the central arena. It took them almost two minutes to reach their end. By the time they made it, they were all prepared to begin. The general held his covered axe in his right hand. Maiot and Gyro’s items were out and Quinn was already mounted atop the horse, lance pointing high into the air.
Then General’s voice boomed and the crowd quieted. “This is a challenge I have issued to our newest recruits! They have accepted it honorably! The rules are simple! If you receive the red paint on your clothed torso or helmet, you are considered dead and must stop fighting! We keep fighting until the last person has been struck down! I need four observers to make sure everything’s fair!” They didn’t have to wait long until a person stood at each corner of the field.
Lily and Marlin were standing to either side of Alex while Shade stood beside Marlin.
Now was their time to put their trust in each other.
We each have our targets. Alex thought quickly. Marlin aimed for Gyro, Lily requested Maiot, Shade had Quinn and finally I had to somehow deal with the general himself. He was larger, stronger and more experienced in combat than me, but I can move quicker. The four of them went down into their battle stances as did the opposing team. The entire crowd quieted as they also began to feel the tension rise. Then they heard the horse snort when Quinn’s heels dug in his side.
Alex yelled “GO!!!”
As he said it Quinn kicked his horse into a quicker run.
The four of them began running together, but Shade burst into the lead running position. His paws powered through the sand and quickly closed the distance to the rider. It took only seconds for Shade to get into position. Once he did, he locked his legs and came to an abrupt halt. He waited while the lance was lowered into an attack position. He still waited while the horse charged. The end of the lance was pointed directly at Shade’s face. Suddenly Shade instantly dodged to his right. Putting more effort into his back legs caused him to rotate into a different position. Quinn tried, but couldn’t stop Lily’s plan for Shade.
Lily guessed last night that the general would use someone with an item suited for a person riding a horse effectively. There were only a few items capable of fighting on equal terms with a Shadow fang and a lancer stood in the top three items of her list. She then explained how Shade should react to dismount a rider from his steed. She wasn’t wrong in her assessment and they were already grateful for her advice.
After the dodge, Shade extended his head and opened his mouth. He then clamped it shut as he grabbed the shaft of the lance. He then jerked back violently. The rider had a firm grip on his item and when Shade jerked, Quinn was knocked off balance. With the lance still in his mouth, he used it to trip the horse’s front legs. It worked because as the horse slammed into the sand, cursing loudly, and Quinn was thrown clean off the steed. He lost the grip on his item just before landing himself.
Shade spat out the lance and placed a red paw on the man’s chest. Using the back of his paw, he made a red X over the man’s sternum. After showing that he won his challenge he sat right next to his fake kill.
Once the other team saw how easily Shade won, they changed their charging tactics. Captain Maiot broke ahead of the general and Lily charged in front of their line. Once they met, a major brawl ensued. They both kicked and used their items in a blurring fury. Alex has never before seen Lily move with such deadly speed and accuracy. She was death incarnate, slinging red paint like blood from the tips of her blades. Her pure moonlight hair billowed behind her as she struck, dodged, dashed and parried with a grin of happiness. Astonishingly the two were evenly matched though she held the height advantage over Maiot. Neither relented or inflicted a painted injury.
Marlin and Alex continued running and they passed them. Then Gyro ran in front of the general. General Rakkian stopped suddenly and had a malicious expression along with his dark calculating eyes, aimed in their direction.
Gyro continued running and Alex watched as his shield grew into an enormous sphere that completely enveloped the wielder. The sphere reflected objects like a mirror everywhere, but that was a passing thought. The two could see their distorted images reflecting off of the sphere. The sand didn’t seem to slow the item’s progress as it was flattened under a tremendous weight. The problem was that the sphere shield rolled directly in front of them. If they didn’t move out of the way or do something they would be compressed and lose.
Marlin spun his cane in an arc, swinging his bobber, at the end of a set amount of line. He screamed as he swung his item in a wide circle. It made a perfect arc. The bobber connected directly to the side of the rolling shield, making an audible twang that filled the arena. It seemed to make the sphere sound like an enclosed bell. When the bobber connected with the sphere it sprayed red paint just about everywhere. Marlin had increased the weight of the bobber to its maximum, seeing how his opponent could survive the weighted strike. With the successful and solid connection, the sphere veered off to the left sharply.
Marlin then continued following up Gyro’s sphere with blow after blow, repeatedly using the end of his pole along with the immensely heavy bobber.
With everyone now occupied Alex continued running down General Rakkian. He then realized something was terribly wrong when he saw him again.
His battleaxe wasn’t covered any longer. The two sided naked axe looked more menacing than ever before, seeming to pulsate with bloodlust, twin to its owner’s mental state. Rakkian’s expression had turned murderous for the first time since they’ve met and he wanted blood. But by the time Alex realized this, he was within the general’s territory. His eyes were focused intently on something, but not on Alex. Rakkian was glaring behind him.
Alluan’s top general swung his unguarded axe, once he realized Alex was in his way. Alex barely managed to duck under the swinging arc before it took his head clean off and landed unharmed in the sand. He still felt the blade’s wind on the nape of his very neck, glad to still be alive. If there was any leisurely delay in his body’s reaction, his severed head would be moisturizing the sand.
When he landed on the ground General Rakkian began heavily running for something. Alex followed Rakkian’s intended path with his eyes and saw he was heading straight for Lily. He wanted to kill her, but why?
Then it suddenly made sense, all the anxiety he felt before falling asleep came together. Last night Rakkian said for her to not worry about his men. They were told to allow her freedom if she remained on her best behavior. He didn’t say anything to her about himself, being among the ones who wanted her head. When Alex first saw him, there was a thought he had about his walk being dangerous. He also realized that Rakkian’s constantly calculating eyes were deciding on the best way to get a hold of Lily for himself. He had orchestrated this whole event during their meeting in the mess hall, just so he could get her out in the open. He wanted to kill Lily. My Lily!
Alex didn’t have time to yell nor do anything except try and catch up before Rakkian cut Lily out of his life forever. After all she’s been through, what could be worse than this. His heart was beating quickly, but not the way he needed it to be. Come on, I need the speed and strength. Where is it when I need it?! Alex yelled internally. But the feeling wasn’t coming when it was so sorely needed. He didn’t like knowing that the feeling that heightens his body’s latent abilities was so unreliable. It was infuriating not being in control of himself.
Alex managed to scramble to his feet in an attempt to catch Rakkian before he reached the intended target. Even without the speed and strength he had to stop the general before she was lost to him forever. Alex implemented his trick so that he could run well enough to close the distance with the general.
As he ran, he used his toes to make an added and smaller kick to his charge. When you run on the ground, you kick up the soil to increase your speed. His trick could only be used for those who remained barefooted in loose soil. Shoes cannot be of any use to run in this terrain. When you see a trail of human footprints in the ground you see the balls of the footprints, and if they are pushed deeper than on the heel they are most likely running. So when Alex kicked with his toes, his speed increases slightly. This sand was a hindrance, but he used his keen observations to turn it into an advantage.
General Rakkian’s heavy feet couldn’t and wouldn’t be capable of this.
The distance between them closed, but he still had a firm lead. Alex saw his wide back and knew that he was intent for the kill. He wouldn’t hold himself back. Lily’s back was to them as she continued to fight Maiot with ever increased ferocity. She was completely unaware of the fact that danger now came at her from both sides.
Rakkian raised his axe with both hands, high over his head. His blade would easily split through her helmet, skull and cleanly through her entire torso. Alex was reminded of the time when the executioner lifted his enormous axe, intent on taking her head. There wasn’t any way Alex would ever put her through that misery ever again. He wouldn’t allow her to be killed. This was going to be too close. Just as the blade began its swift descent down towards Lily’s head, he leapt.
With his leap being too slow, Alex unconsciously arched the spherical knot of the staff around to lengthen his body’s distance. Rakkian’s descending blade was barely an inch from Lily’s head when Alex’s staff solidly connected with the right side of his face. He used his entire body in the swing to knock the general off balance and away from his intended victim. It worked because his body began shifting towards the left. With the successful strike, his axe’s trajectory was shifted. The blade swept away from her head, but it still managed to cut the back of her exposed right arm. His blade made a straight and solid cut almost from her shoulder all the way down to elbow. It was too close, but she was only mildly wounded where she could have been killed.
Alex released the grip on his staff, while still in the air, and tackled the general to the ground. He landed directly on his face which made his helmet fall off and roll away. His axe had been dropped during Alex’s strike and their powerful collision. Once Alex found himself in an advantageous position he took total control.
Straddling his back, Alex grabbed both of the general’s struggling arms. He was trying to punch the ground for some reason, but he couldn’t allow Rakkian to accomplish what he was planning. Alex’s arms shot downward before the fists connected. With a firm grip on each of his wrists, Alex wrenched his arms behind his back, forcing them up high. Alex was furious as he brought them back into an even more painful position, gaining even more control himself. The position was so excruciating that Rakkian screamed out in real pain. Alex needed to know what he was doing so he didn’t knock the general into an unconscious state just yet.
His screams made the robust crowd silence almost immediately. He kept trying to struggle in vain as Alex held the better advantage. Face flaring red, Alex tightened his grip even more.
He yelled at the general “What do you think you’re doing!? Why did you just try to kill my Lily!?”
He yelled back “Because I wanted to…!”
“Wrong answer!”
Alex wrenched Rakkian’s left arm back even further and painfully dislocated it out of the socket. The sound of the satisfying pop echoed off the stadium walls and people cringed from the excruciating noise. He screamed even more loudly and his echo drowned out the dislocating sound. All the sounds of the spectators ceased in absolute shock. Even Lily and the others stopped fighting because they too became silent.
“One last time, Why would you want to kill her!?”
“THAT IS ENOUGH!” A highly feminine voice ordered.
Alex looked in the direction where the voice originated and saw a group of people by the entrance that he’d come in earlier. Each person wore a green tunic with gold trim just like the general’s.
Leading the group of people was a woman with an air or royal authority.
She was a beautiful woman around her early thirties. She wore a simple solid green dress that seemed to form on her slender body and around the edges of the dress held golden embroidery. She was also wearing high heels, but she was still far shorter than he. She carried a small case, similar to what Niranene had, in her left hand and on each wrist was a golden bracelet. The woman’s skin was darker than Alex’s, but lighter than the general’s. She had a beautiful and serene expression with long black hair, laying freely down her back. Crowned atop her head was a golden tiara.
The general lifted his bald and sandy head up to look at whoever the woman was. Then fear and shame cross his expression once he recognized the woman. His voice quivered and was hushed, but Alex still heard him.
“Queen Allahandra,”





Chapter 20

While continuing to subdue the powerful general, Alex watched as every person inside the arena began going down on one knee and bowing their heads. So this was truly the queen of Alluan. It seems like everyone showed the upmost respect for the woman. From the look on everyone’s expressions they all loved her with adoration and fierce loyalty. Some people were whispering her name while others remained absolutely still. He knew immediately that this woman was the real deal and not some imposter or stand-in. She was the leader of the resistance and queen of Alluan. The best hope to defeat the king.
The queen began walking through the first field with an elegant sway in her gait. She moved in a way that showed her royal authority. Her dress moved with each step she made while her long hair billowed out behind her. She was an impressive woman, but behind her emotionless mask was a smoldering anger.
As she walked toward the fighters her guards moved into a new position. See didn’t seem disturbed by their suddenness because they were doing their duty and protecting such a vital person. Three guards moved directly in front of her and Alex knew that those three men were close range warriors. Then three more guards blocked either side of her and there were five in the back and they carried multiple forms of ranged weapons. Every item has been brandished, showing that it would be foolish to approach her unannounced, unless you wished for death for it would be assured without difference.
Everything was silent except for the approaching party’s steps.
The entourage stopped twenty paces away from where Alex still held the general’s arms and he was forcibly pinned to the ground by his weight.
“If you wouldn’t mind, please release my general.” He couldn’t see her behind the guards, but her tone was both tranquil and compassionate.
He released his hold of the general’s wrist and stood up. Alex’s foot wanted to plant itself in his ribs several times, but his temper was reigned in.
Both Lily and Maiot were standing right where he’d left them. Their items hung at their sides, while both looking astonished over the events. Over a ways, Marlin’s pole was retracted and Gyro’s sphere returned to its original oval shape. Shade and Quinn were standing off to the side, looking incredulously at new the scene, but Shade was releasing a primal growl that seemed to be too low for the others to hear. Then Alex’s full attention was zeroed in on Lily’s right arm. Her blood was streaming down her limb and dripping off her knuckles.
Alex stared walking over to her and the queen spoke. “Excuse me, but where are you going? Aren’t you going to bow or show me respect?”
He stopped to see Queen Allahandra standing between her two front guards, looking squarely at him with tranquil dark brown eyes. “Don’t take this the wrong way, your highness, but there is something more important than exchanging meaningless pleasantries.” Alex returned to walking towards Lily because she was wounded and needed help.
Everyone gasped at his words, but no one made a move against him.
His warrior goddess was injured and Alex couldn’t think of anything but her safety at the moment. Lily’s amethyst eyes locked onto his and she was bewildered as he inched in her direction. Once they were within a conversational range he said “Let me see to your wound.” When Lily didn’t move he did.
He reached forward and grabbed the crescent sword from her hand. Alex easily removed the painted cloth and tossed the fabric to the ground. He then slid the tip of her sword into the white sheathe on her left hip. After her item was safely out of the way he walked around to her back and examined the laceration.
The slice was deeper than originally noticed at a glance. The cut was actually as deep as one’s entire thumbnail and had sliced into the muscle, but the length was still from shoulder to elbow. Blood continued to trickle out of the wound and Alex knew that the wound would undoubtedly need stitches, but she might bleed to death if it wasn’t compressed quickly.
While making sure that the wound was clean of debris Alex’s throat tickled as he spoke without looking. “Shade, get over here!” The surrounding silence made it so he didn’t need to yell.
When Shade began walking, the queen’s personal guard reacted by moving three of the back ranged guards to the queen’s side. They didn’t initiate a fight, but they didn’t relax. Many wary eyes watched as Alex’s foster brother approached.
Once he made it he spoke calmly. “What can I do, Alex?”
“I need these.” His hands grabbed for the white cloth that covered his sabers.
While removing the long strip of unpainted cloth Shade began talking. “I’m sorry that I couldn’t help. I didn’t know she was in danger until you knocked Rakkian to the ground. He was in my blind spot because Captain Maiot and Lily blocked my view of his approach.” His golden eyes shifted to the general and a faint growl escape his teeth, but this time everyone heard the threat laced in the sound.
There wasn’t anything Shade hated more than someone making a surprise attack. It wasn’t honorable. It wasn’t difficult to realize that Shade wanted more than a simple punishment. He wanted personal retribution for harming his dear friend. He wouldn’t be as polite as Alex was to the general, given the chance.
Once he was finished unwrapping the cloth from both sabers Alex said “Thank you. Go over and get Marlin, bring him over here.” He nodded his bulky head in conformation and trotted over to Marlin. Walking by, Alex laughed silently as Shade growled at the general, hoping for him to flee so Shade could give chase. Rakkian was too frightened to move. General Rakkian was now in a sitting position while holding his limp shoulder.
“Lily,” She turned to look at him with uncommon confusion. “I’ll wrap this up, but you will need stitches. Bear with the pain for a moment.”
“It’s not that bad.” he touched the edge of her wound, testing her words, and she sucked in a breath through gritted teeth. “I stand corrected. It did sting.”
Her jaw clenched as the cloth was tightly wound around her arm. Her eyes were squeezed shut as he made sure to keep the slice as connected as they would go. By the time the ends were tied together, Marlin and Shade met up with them.
“How bad is it, Lily?” Marlin asked.
“It does let you know you’re still alive. The throbbing pain that is.” She retorted. Alex then quickly said “Alright, we need to find a healer or someone with skills to suture a deep wound. Maybe Niranene might give us a hand.” Marlin grinned at the possibility of the suggestion. He’d use any excuse to see her again.
He opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off. “Perhaps I may be of service. I am a level five healer after all.”
The voice came from an unexpected source.
All turned to Queen Allahandra as she stood between two of her guards. She was holding up her case while wearing a smile. Her guards were looking at her as if she had lost her mind. Even the general looked astounded at her sudden offer.
Alex stepped around Lily, protectively, and blocked her from view. His voice had turned even as he leveled his eyes with the queen’s. “If it is within your range to heal her I’d gladly accept, but” he glanced between her and the general. “I must know that you will not harm her.”
“You have my word as the queen of Alluan.” It wasn’t hard to understand her desire to help when she just put her reputation at stake for them. She wouldn’t tarnish her good name or else what would everyone have to believe in. She was everyone’s hope and her standing could ill afford the tarnishing title of a liar.
As he nodded and as she took a first step, one of her guards grabbed her arm and brought her to a stop. “Forgive me your majesty, but they could kill you.”
She looked at her held arm calmly and the man released his grip, realizing the mistake he made. Once she was released she began laughing. Her company’s confusion was more of an understatement than that of her guests. She turned and smiled at Alex before looking at her guards. Her tone had become almost exuberant, her unseen anger subsided for the moment.
“What each of you need to understand is that there is nothing that could stop him if he wanted my head.” Her guard’s eyes widened as they all glanced at Alex and then back to her. “What any of you haven’t realized is that he is someone to treat with respect because he could easily kill each and every one of you before you could even blink…”
“Your Majesty…” General Rakkian slowly managed to stand up as he clutched his limp arm. “You cannot honestly believe he is capable of such a feat? He doesn’t even have an item. He told me so himself. He’s no threat. Why should you worry your personal guard’s.”
Her eyes darkened as she shifted her gaze to hm. Her voice turned icy. “You are here by ordered to be silent and not move. I witnessed your unspeakable actions and you will be held accountable for them.” His dark eyes became white all around. “As to your statement about him not having an item, he doesn’t need one. Apparently he hasn’t been trained, but he is still more dangerous than the Shadow Fang behind me. His clan is recognized by their ability to speak with fiends.”
“What do you mean by my clan?” Alex asked in interruption of the queen.
She didn’t seem to be bothered with the question, but she looked confused as her vision turned in his direction. “Don’t you know what you are?” Alex shook his head while getting excited. She knows what I am? Maybe there is another person like me around here. He hoped beyond all reason that there was and they would know what I’ve been through my whole life. She brought him back to his senses by stating “It looks like we have much to discuss, Alex.”
“Wait… You know my name?” She smiled, but there was something that needed to be accomplished first. “Later, right. Please help her.”
Queen Allahandra smiled as she walked away from her protesting entourage. Her guards feared for her safety, as they should. Knowing what it was like being worried about someone important to you, was a feeling Alex knew all too well. A beautiful reminder stood behind him. “If you are worried about the queen’s safety come over here to do your job.” He turned around to smile at Lily, she smiled weakly back, but there was something else in her look. Was it appreciation? Alex picked up his staff from the ground and held it tightly, incase it was another trap.
None of the fourteen guards hesitated for a moment as they approached the pack vehemently. Alex stood beside Mark and Shade as they stood four paces behind Lily. Then the fourteen spread into a circle with seven guards looking in their enclosure and the other’s watched the outside. Queen Allahandra moved around to study Alex’s wrapping. She then stood straight and laid a hand on her patient’s shoulder. “Lily of the Blood Moon, this will sting, but I need to take off these dressings. After that you will be good as new.”
Lily looked over and down and her voice was soft. “I’m sorry you have to do this for someone like me. It is an honor I won’t soon forget.” Lily shook her head. “I cannot believe my former enemy is going to help.”
“Don’t think too much on it. And you are not the first Kings Guard that has joined us.” Alex stiffened and so did Lily. Queen Allahandra didn’t miss the reaction. As she slowly unwrapped the tourniquet she continued jabbering. “A woman in my precarious position must be quite knowledgeable if she is to keep her head out of reach of her enemy’s reach. I know about many things and I stay up with current events. When I first heard your name spoken during a report I received two days ago, I had my aids compile a document of your whole life. It was truly remarkable, but I’m glad that you have changed sides before we met in battle. It is a pleasure to finally meet you though.”
Queen Allahandra dropped the bloodied cloth into the sand and went down to her case. When she opened it, inside resided two scalpels, four syringes that have been filled with some kind of clear liquid, and an ornate knife, but the knife wasn’t an item. The queen grabbed one of the syringes from the case and stood up.
She brandished the needle in front of Lily. “This specific needle and solution is a special healing item. It reacts like a sticky resin once it has contact with the air. It will bond the flesh together. It will increase your healing rate and also destroy any foreign particles that could cause an infection. It burns, but you will be fully healed by morning.”
“If you know I was a Kings Guard then you know we have been taught to endure pain. I can handle it.” Lily stated proudly.
“Alright, here it goes.”
The queen put the needle inside the reopened wound and started squeezing the liquid inside the fleshy opening. She squeezed it all out in one fluid motion, down the bleeding arm. The queen quickly placed the empty syringe back into the case and stood back up. Their new queen began pushing the separated pieces of skin together, with the palm of her hands. Lily’s jaw set and her eyes squeezed shut. She didn’t make a single sound from the pain she felt. It didn’t take long for her wound to hold together by itself. The clear solution held Lily’s wound completely closed and it was all over. There weren’t even any blood droplets pouring out of a small hole that the queen might have missed.
“You are good to go.” The queen said while closing her case.
Lily looked at the work and around the drying blood. “That is amazing your majesty. I’m in your debt.”
Lily, we are all in her debt; Alex thought to himself.
“Quit thinking like that.” The queen scolded playfully. “I did it because I wanted to.”
Queen Allahandra then turned to look at Alex with something akin to hope. She smiled politely as she lifted her case. “Before we leave together I have one other matter that needs attending.” She suddenly smiled darkly and it sent a mild chill down his spine. Alex then saw that she held one of her two scalpels in her free hand. She was up to something.
The queen turned around and walked around Lily and her guards moved with her as she walked away from them. While they moved away Alex and the others walked up to Lily to see what happened.
He began inspecting the queen’s work and it was truly remarkable. Her arm was still slick with blood, but it wasn’t pouring from the wound any longer. Then a closer look revealed more. There was a thin clear film sticking out of the closed wound, but it already looked less irritated than it had a minute ago.
When his grey eyes connected with Lily’s she asked “How does it look?”
“It will make a fine scar to drive the men wild.”
She let out a musical laugh. “So you are going to pull that out on me now?” Lily shook her head. “I told you the same thing after I patched up your arm.”
Lily smiled in remembrance.
The Pack began watching the scene together as the queen walked with her entourage towards the general. He hadn’t moved because of the order she made. Gyro and Maiot had moved closer to his side, they were loyal lieutenants. Maiot had removed the cloth from his claws and had them crossed over his front, clutching his hands together. All three of the men bowed deeply as the queen made her approach.
The entourage stopped as the queen spoke. “Captain Maiot and Gyro, you are dismissed for the day. I can tell you knew not of your superior’s grudge. You may both have the rest of the day to yourselves.”
Once she finished talking, the two men clasped a fist to their hearts and walked away. She didn’t give them a choice, but they knew how much trouble their commanding officer was in, even if Marlin and the others didn’t have a clue. They picked up the pace when they saw she was watching them. Once they were far enough away she returned a dangerous look at her top general.
Queen Allahandra’s voice had become distant and cold. “Remove your hand from your arm.” He did so reluctantly.
Unexpectedly she jammed her scalpel into his left arm. It went through his tunic like it wasn’t even there. General Rakkian’s jaw clenched, but didn’t scream. Then all watched as she held the item that was pierced into his arm because something was happening. His shoulder began moving of its own accord and it was amazing to watch as his shoulder popped back in place. Once it was in its proper location she took the bladed item out of his arm.
As she slid her item in her case again the general tested his shoulder. It was still sore by the look he had. His voice became weak. “Thank you, your majesty.”
The queen’s voice remained the same. “What you have done will require a punishment. Remove your items until a judgment has been decided.” She looked to a man on her left. “Confiscate his items, all of them.”
Alex watched as General Rakkian slowly removed his spiked gauntlets and his leg protectors. When he handed them over, the man the queen spoke to walked back to grab the battleaxe that still laid in the sand. Then the man returned to his original position while carrying the items.
“Rakkian, you will follow us to my caravan. If you do anything else I will have you bound, gagged and detained. Do you understand?”
He bowed and said “Ya, your majesty.”
She then turned around and her voice turned pleasant. “Alex, will you and your companions please accompany me to my palace?”
Each of them politely bowed, knowing they had just as much choice to disobey as Gyro and Maiot had. Shade bowed his head between his paws, even if he didn’t understand what was being said.
“Good people!” The queen began speaking aloud to the audience. “I am sorry for ruining your morning event, but it must be canceled for certain unforeseen circumstances. I beg your forgiveness and hope you do not think ill of me. I have immediate matters that must be dealt with personally. I wish that you all have a pleasant day, despite my intrusion of this event. Once we depart you may do as you normally would.”
Everyone bowed for her gracious words.
She began walking towards the exit and all followed behind her. While they walked in the back Alex had to explain what the queen said, to Shade. He listened intently when mentioning that there might be others out there like his big brother, who wasn’t born with an item.
He smiled and asked “Why did she take his items in front of everyone? Isn’t that a little demeaning to a person of his standing?”
Alex walked between Lily and Shade to tell him “That was the whole point. She just showed that everyone is equal and will get the same treatment for their actions. Even a general will take the same consequences as surely if he were a subordinate. She cannot afford to coddle anyone; if anything, she proved he is no higher than a foot-solider. Attempted murder is a serious crime. I wonder why he would want Lily dead though. It doesn’t seem logical to me.”
“He definitely has a hidden agenda.” Shade said in grim agreement.
While they walked some of the guards turned to look at the tall boy because of how primal he spoke. Alex also checked on Lily to make sure she was alright. All she said was that the wound burned, but it was bearable. Marlin stood to her side so the general wouldn’t try anything. The other guards kept an eye on him as well. General Rakkian walked casually, but didn’t portray a proud persona at the moment. He was in a severe amount of trouble for his actions.
The crowd started speaking again, just as they entered the short tunnel. There were going to be varying stories by the end of the day.
The Pack was stunned once they saw what stood before them. In the courtyard waited a large carriage. The carriage was drawn by six white horses, all strapped together on the fore. There were fourteen other horses tied to the sides and back of the carriage. The coach was made of wood that was covered in pure white paint and every seamless line was brandished in gold embroidery. The coach used six wheels to accommodate for the large size. The shape was like a rounded bubble and there was a door on the side of the coach and three steps to get you inside. There was one man sitting on a bench and he was the driver.
As the group approached the queen’s ride, she began speaking. “I will need someone to go over to the barracks to retrieve their things. Bring them directly to the council chambers because they will be staying as my newest honored guests.”
“I shall do it, your majesty.” She smiled at the man who volunteered and he quickly left the group to retrieve his bay. He briskly mounted the steed and trotted off down a side road.
She began speaking again. “We have much to discuss today, Alex. Once we have some privacy I will leave it up to you how to proceed with things. Until then keep your questions to yourself because there might be someone who’s ears might not be for Freelan, but for the king.”
“Are you saying that there are spies?” he asked calmly.
She turned around as they made it up to the large carriage. “That I do not doubt. We can never be completely confident that everyone is who they say they are. You know I’ve taken heavy precautions, but like everything in the world, nothing is completely foolproof. My suggestion to you will be to keep your guard up at all times.”
“Aye, your majesty.”
She shook her head and smiled. “Please just call me Allahandra, ya.”
General Rakkian interjected. “Your Majesty, he is but a commoner. How can you ask him for such a thing? It isn’t right or proper.”
She glared at him and he backed up a half a step. “If you are lucky I will tell you in private. Until then obey your orders, Rakkian or be gagged.”
She took a step up into the carriage. “You may all ride with me.”
“I’ll walk.” She stopped with a hand at the door handle. “Shade will not be able to fit inside so I’ll travel with him and I need to clear my head.”
“I understand. And tell Shade to forgive my ignorance. I haven’t taken his size into account.”
When Alex translated to Shade he told her it wasn’t a problem, he wished to walk as well.
After the queen entered the carriage, one guard entered in after her. General Rakkian walked silently in. Lily and Marlin glanced at Alex and he nodded for them to proceed. They also entered and sat down I the luxurious ride. Alex shut the door behind them and dropped the short distance to the ground.
By the time he turned around the guards were already mounted and took their riding positions. There was one free horse and Alex introduced himself to her and she allowed him to jump on. He did so after sliding the staff into his left hand. Shade introduced himself and walked to her side. She didn’t spook, but she didn’t look away from him the whole time.
The driver of the carriage snapped the reigns and the six horses began moving forward. Alex was told to ride by the door because of the other man that left to retrieve their belongings. Shade walked easily by the bay and was a giant compared to the mare. The mounts began turning down a road, making their presence known with their hooves clopping the stone floor. People moved away and bowed as the procession passed. Some balked as they saw Shade walking with them, but he was still angry at what had happened so he didn’t flaunt himself like he’s been doing these past two days. The coach then turned onto the main road and continued trotting to the center of the city. As they moved deeper into the royal city the buildings steadily grew grander.
There wasn’t a direct way to the castle, but the layout wasn’t too difficult to understand. It made sense that if the main wall was somehow breached, the enemy wouldn’t have a clear path to the queen’s castle.
They walked for over an hour and the largest building was the grandest of the city and was the most impressive Alex has ever seen with his own two eyes. Nineteen stories were counted because of the windows. The roof held a stone railing and there were posted guards looking over the city, searching for any signs of danger. As the coach advanced, the guards on the roof pointed to their approach. The castle was made like a cube, with flying buttresses surrounding and supporting key points of the large structure. In the highest corners of the castle were several green flags with a yellowish/golden outlining. It was made in a long triangle shape. The castle was made of gray stone and had some moss, but the building was in excellent condition and its age eluded Alex to its initial crafting.
Shade exclaimed with a wide-eyed grin “Now that is a den.”
Before they could make it into the grounds they had to pass another stone wall, but this one was only half the size of the outer wall, fifty to sixty feet high. There were guards patrolling the top of this wall as well. They all stopped to see them coming. Others shouted their arrival.
The solid metal gate lifted as they approached the wall and they made it under that gate to see the castle grounds.
Inside the gate laid an enormous courtyard made of perfectly cut stone, pressed evenly beneath their feet, paws and hooves. It was made into a large semicircle. Around the edges of the courtyard were rows of beautiful flowers that made everything smell pleasant. Behind the flowers wound a path that led to even more flowers. Apparently the queen loved flowers and it did make the palace more pleasant to look upon. At the end of the courtyard was a large stone staircase and on the entry stood three women waiting patiently. Upon a closer look it was an older woman and two adolescent girls.
Once the coach and guards passed under the gate, it descended loudly into a secure position. The driver made the carriage turn to the left and round to the right. They came to a stop when the carriage was in front of the stairs.
Alex dismounted and stated “We’re here!”
The door opened and Marlin walked out first, followed by Lily, General Rakkian, The man with his items and then eventually Allahandra graced them all with her presence. His companions walked over to Alex and Marlin spoke about how lush and soft the ride was. While they spoke all of the guards moved away to tie their horses to a post, except for the one who held Rakkian’s items.
“My Lady,” they all turned to the woman of a light ebony complexion and two girls of cream color as they traversed down the steps. They stopped when they could speak casually. The young girls were quiet as they glanced at Shade, but the woman in her early fifties was more concerned about something else. “Where did you go? I’ve just learned of your absence and I was worried.”
Allahandra smiled. “There was something I needed to see to, personally. As you can see my personal guard volunteered to come with me. Oh there is someone I must introduce you to.” Her voice became excited.
Allahandra grasped the woman’s hand and brought her over to The Pack, as she had been informed to call their group. The coach along with the other guards began moving away. Once the queen stopped several paces away, along with the other three ladies, she raised the palm of her hand in an introductory gesture.
“Mistress Marge, I would like to introduce my newest guests, Marlin,” She moved her hand to identify each of them. “Lily, Shade and Alex. They will be staying with us for awhile.” The queen turned to them now. “Everyone, this is the head mistress of my castle and the city. She knows just about everything there is to know. If you need something she will be familiar with how to find it. I hope everyone will become friends.”
Alex walked closer and the head mistress studied the tall child oddly. His tone was genuinely excited as he extended his hand. “It is a pleasure to meet you Mistress Marge. We didn’t mean to intrude on your day.”
Her motherly smile made him feel welcomed. “Think nothing of it. Allahandra keeps me busy so I cannot complain.” She grasped his arm. “It is a pleasure to hear that the rumors are true after all. So you can speak to your fien…Shade. I will have the three guest rooms prepared. I’m guessing Shade will be staying with you?” he nodded and they released their grasp.
She turned to her left and raised an eyebrow. “I haven’t seen you in trouble in ages, Little Rakkian. What did you do this time?”
Allahandra’s tone became disgusted before he had a chance to speak. “He tried to murder a new member of our family, while their back was turned.” The mistresses eyes widened and she gasped. “Because of the severity of the act we will proceed with our law. I doubt we can settle this with a common arbiter so I will take their place and find a common footing.”
So she will listen to both sides to find a reasonable solution to his crime?
Mistress Marge sighed. “I understand.” She looked at all of them and said “I know you will go to the private meeting chamber and I will cancel all your day’s duty because there looks to be much needing to be discussed. So I’ll bring each of you a meal. All of you look famished. I’ll even bring something special for Shade. Excuse me.”
She bowed and scurried up the stairs, two attendants in tow.
Queen Allahandra regained their attention. “Amazing. She usually scolds me when I do something rash, like leave the castle on such short notice. She is like a mother to me… She must really like you, Alex, ya.” She began grinning.
“Your highness is there somewhere we may wash up?” Lily asked evenly.
“I was just about to suggest the exact same thing. It looks like everyone needs a bath though… follow me if you will.” She then turned and walked up the stairs after her mistress.
After walking the stairs they traveled through the front entryway. Two solid wooden gates were flared outward. They were the thickest they’ve ever come across. They walked through it and down a short hall. The main floor was ahead and it was lit by sunlight that has been reflected by mirrors. It was an ingenious concept that Alex has only read about. Plus it was remarkably cool inside the building. The air smelled fragrant with a hint of cooked food and spice, which made everyone’s stomach growl.
“This is the main audience hall.” Queen Allahandra began giving a personal tour. “We eat and socialize here and I also see petitioners and nobles during brief my periods of free time. Below this floor is also where our meals are made and our clothes get cleaned.”
The first room was lined with wooden tables and chairs, but the room was empty except for those who were still cleaning. Besides the buttresses outside the first room, they had several stone pillars supporting the upper floors. In the back of the room was a raised stone stage with stairs that led up to it. In the center of the stage sat an enormous chair that was lavish. It was Allahandra’s throne, one of them at least. Off to either side of the hall were spiral staircases made of stone.
It took a few minutes to reach the staircase and another few moments to walk up to the second level, but they kept going higher.
Allahandra began explaining her castle. “Levels two through twelve are reserved for soldiers whom guard the city. By my last count we have just over two thousand soldiers living inside this building. Each and every one of them are fierce warriors and specialists in their own field. Most of the other members live in the city with their families. Level’s thirteen and fourteen houses my commanding officers and generals. Level fifteen is where everyone bathes. Level sixteen through eighteen are my private collection of books and documents. Everyone who lives here is welcome to visit the library, but you are not allowed to take them from those levels without my written permission. Three times a week we have many children come to my personal libraries to learn how to read, write and learn. Many I hope will become scholars. I call it a school. Level nineteen is my personal restricted floor and you will not be allowed to that level without authorization from me alone. If you are found and resist capture you will be killed.”
“What kinds of permission must be given?” Marlin asked.
The queen’s dark brown eyes glanced and she smiled at him. “I will tell my men and they will allow you, plus for the library, I will give you a special letter that you must deliver to my document caretakers, if you wish to take a book from the archives.”
On the way up Alex explained everything to Shade and he became thrilled because he wanted to read some more. It has been quite a time since either of them have been able to read in luxury, without the threat of being killed or discovered. Allahandra wasn’t too surprised Shade could read for some reason so he left his many numbered questions inside his mind until later.
Eventually the group reached the fifteenth floor when Allahandra said “Lily, come with me. There is something you need to see.” Lily glanced at Alex only once, afraid to be separated in a castle that you once called an enemy. “You will like it I can promise that to you. And do not worry, I won’t have anything happen while you are away from your companions.” She extended her hand. Lily casually took the offering and Allahandra said to the men “I will see you shortly.”
Before the women left she ordered her only remaining guard to allow Rakkian to bathe, but to keep an eye on him. He nodded in recognition to her order and they walked.
The hall the men turned on to resembled the hallway in the barracks. The only difference was that there were only two doors. Marlin was told which one the men’s room was. They took the door to the left with the blue paint. The white door was for women.
Inside the room was also lit from mirrors and at the other end of the room stood another door which was where the other stairwell sat beyond. Off on one wall were many buckets. There was a cake of soap plus a sponge inside each bucket. Alex grabbed two while the others grabbed one to bathe, except for the guard standing watch. In the middle of the room lay a large pool of water. There were twenty large booths to the left where one could wash in private and there were small drains under the stalls. To the right held the privies, but the room didn’t smell as bad as one originally thought.
Alex walked up to the deep and fresh water and drew the liquid into each pail, after removing the contents. Alex told Shade he couldn’t jump in and he was honestly disappointed. He waited while his brother entered a stall and quickly washed. He also cleaned the red paint easily off the ends of the staff. Alex used the remaining water to wash the soap off his body and down the drain.
He stepped out of the stall and drew more water. Shade stood up and allowed his elder brother to bathe him quickly. It took three-and-twenty pails of water to completely wash the suds from his fur. He soaked everyone when he shook the water droplets from his coat. By the time they finished all were ready.
They left the room soon after and Alex led everyone up the stairs.

Alex stopped cold once he reached the nineteenth floor of the castle. There were two swords aimed in his direction and an arrow leveled at his head. The two swordsmen stood on the ledge which the stairs ended on. The archer stood further down the hall. Where the stairs ended, it made a straight hall and it turned to the left at the end. None could get passed without a fight.
These three soldiers were larger than Alex expected. He was larger than the average man, but these men made him feel utterly insignificant. They were muscle-bound giants. Their arms could easily break him in half and their legs were solid tree trunks. The eyes that showed what a person was, told him that they wouldn’t hesitate to stop him from taking another step forward.
“Who are you?” The archer asked evenly, bow still drawn to his cheek.
“Queen Allahandra said for us to follow once we were finished bathing. My name is Alex.” He and the others didn’t dare move under their watch.
The swords drew back and the archer removed the tension from the string. The archer said “You are permitted on this level unless we are told otherwise. The password is Morningstar.”
He gestured them forward and they didn’t hesitate.
Down the hall they traveled and turned down the left hallway. This hallway had sunlight coming in from the windows that lined the far back wall. There were four more guards lined up to either side of this wall. In the center of the hall was a wooden ladder that went through the roof. Alex could tell that that was how the guards could patrol atop the roof of the castle.
One guard stepped in the center and evenly asked “Password?”
“Morningstar!” Alex said and the warrior returned to standing silently against the wall. It let him know that if someone were to somehow pass the first guards without the password then these men would cut any down if they didn’t know it. Allahandra didn’t take chances.
The five men all walked naturally down the hall and then Alex saw a large door to his left. It was directly across from the wooden ladder. Two guards stood to either side of the doors. They passed them and the guards didn’t even flinch while maintaining their statuesque stance, but their eyes were alert.
Alex walked up to the two wooden doors and knocked. Behind the door they heard “Enter!” It was Allahandra’s commanding voice. He grabbed the handles and opened both doors, per her allowance.
The room was painted a light green and there were reinforced windows that lined the ceiling, which gave the room light. The walls held paintings of the past kings and queens; which were all remarkably detailed and lifelike. The room itself was a quarter the size of the main hall, but this room wasn’t as tall. Off to either side of the back of the room were two doorways that led somewhere else. Off to the left wall stood a large closed cabinet that had almost reached the ceiling and was over fifteen feet wide. The floor was made of a polished white stone that was recognized to be marble. Alex’s bare and chilled feet confirmed it. In the center of the room was an enormous circular table; with many chairs surrounding it. In the center of the table was an identical map of the lands, like the one from his old book. Only the map on the table has been engraved into the wooden table.
The queen sat in the furthest spot at the table which also happened to be another throne. Behind the throne rested a painting of her parents. They looked so happy together. Her father was as dark as Takka, but her mother was as fair as Lily. It made sense now.
Allahandra looked different, sitting in her throne, and he realized that she had removed her gold tiara. She still wore the same green dress as she sat erect in the throne chair. She spoke casually, but the sound was slightly echoed in the enclosed room. “Please come in. You may all sit close to me. And your companion will be out shortly.”
They walked in and the marble was cooler that the normal stone. Shade and Marlin followed as he walked to the right, of circular the table. Once Rakkian and the other man entered, the doors closed behind. This room wasn’t flamboyant, but it wasn’t passionless either.
Shade trotted around Alex and made the queen smile when he picked up a chair with his teeth and moved it out of the way. He walked up and sat on his haunches. He wanted to sit beside the queen herself. She didn’t protest, in fact she found it remarkably entertaining.
Alex pulled the next chair back and sat down. Marlin sat one seat over to his left so Lily could sit between them. Rakkian sat uncomfortably to the right of the queen, but was three chairs to her right. Plus he remained silent, per her standing order.
“Please leave his items here in front of me. You may then do what you normally would.” The queen said to the guard and he sat the items on the desk before her. Before he left through the doors, he bowed.
“So what is the law, for what he did?” Alex asked Allahandra once it was awkwardly silent.
She smiled as she leaned forward. Allahandra had to look around Shade. “In our laws when one party commits a heinous crime, like attempted murder, only the victim, the family or the capturer may pass judgment, with the arbiter’s consent to fairness that is. To make a fair judgment one must have a third party person present; that is impartial to the crime. There are few exceptions to overrule an arbiter, but they are only if an agreement cannot be solved by the present law. As it is, attempted murder is in the law and the victim or the family members of the deceased can ask for an execution. If the person was only protecting themselves and killed their attacker, they will not be held accountable so long as it was truly and justifiably self-defense.”
Then there was a knock coming from the door behind them. “Come in and join us Lily!” Allahandra announced.
From behind, the door squeaked on the hinges as it opened. Alex turned in his chair to see Lily walking towards them. She was freshly washed and so was the clothes that seemed to be ringed out by hand. Her arm wasn’t covered in blood and he was grateful that she looked healthier. Her sheathed swords continued to move with each sway of her hips. Her steps made soft clicking sounds while making her approach. She then looked cautiously between each of them.
She pulled the seat back and sat between Marlin and Alex. She was quiet once she pulled her seat forward. Glancing at her wound from Rakkian, the back of her arm looked better already.
“Now that we are all here we may get started.” Allahandra began speaking casually. “First off I wanted to thank each of you for joining me. This is my private audience chamber as well as my war room. When something happens, each of these chairs will be filled with my generals, commanders and my aids. But for now, it shall be our private meeting. How would you like to proceed, Alex?”
He glanced between Allahandra and Rakkian. “I would like to know why you showed up in person today, Allahandra.”
She smiled because he said her name rather than from the question. “Actually I would have been there sooner if I hadn’t put the pieces together so slowly. I received a report from my men saying that there was a man who could communicate with a fiend, but I was unable to meet you last night as I wished. I would have undoubtedly met you either today or by tomorrow at the latest. Then there was another report brought to my attention that explained about your other companions, Lily and Marlin. When I had everything compiled of you and your friends, I realized too late with the correlation between Rakkian and Lily. Once I found the link and heard that my general called for a practice session, I realized then the true significance of his motives. I called for an escort immediately and made it just in time before everything began spiraling beyond my control. By the time my carrier brought me, you pinned my general to the ground. The rest you already know.”
While he pondered what she said, Alex glanced at Lily. Her beautiful features were looking at the general in a confused way. “What is the matter, Lily?” Queen Allahandra asked.
“Your Majesty…”
“Allahandra,” The queen corrected.
“Allahandra,” Lily said in modification. “what is the connection between me and the general? I cannot remember if we have ever met, let alone why he would try to do as he did.”
“Tell them your story Rakkian.” The queen said compassionately and as an order. The once proud and calculating general looked forlorn as he glanced between all eyes in the room. He sighed and put his face in his large hands. His shoulders were hunched and looked withdrawn. All his pride melted away at recalling some terrible memory from his past. It was horrific to him.
Shade nudged Alex with his nose. “Tell me what he says word for word. I also want to know what has made him so pitiful to look at.”
“Alright,” The general finally looked up from his hands and his eyes were beginning to swim when he met Alex’s stare. “I might sound weird to all of you, but I’m going to translate everything we say to Shade. He is as much apart of this meeting as we are.”
“I couldn’t agree more.” Allahandra said in allowance. “Proceed, general.”
When Rakkian began speaking Alex began translating to Shade in a quieter voice. The general’s tone became sad and distant.
“This all started eight years ago. I was eight-and-twenty years and I once had a loving wife and a beautiful daughter. My daughter was nine years old and was the beacon of my life. I joined Freelan when I was but fifteen and that was where I met my wife two years later. Once my family had started we moved into this city. I had a great life and a great family to come home to.
“One day, my wife gained news that her mother had become deathly ill. I was granted permission from Commander Gambit to escort my wife and daughter to my in-laws. It was a three weeks journey from here, riding horseback.” His face became even more pained, if that could be possible. “Along the way, we were ambushed after we set up camp for the night. I didn’t even know what happened until I regained consciousness. I awoke, securely bound to a tree and stripped of my items. I searched for my family and saw my wife’s lifeless body only a foot away from me. Her throat had been slashed and I can still see her lifeless eyes looking back at me, screaming for help that I couldn’t come to her rescue. I screamed for her, but it had been finished for too long.
“Then I spotted my little girl…” The general’s voice cracked and a stream of tears trickled down his cheeks. He didn’t want to continue, but had to. “She was close to the fire, but wasn’t alone. I screamed and watched helplessly as she was being raped and tortured before my very eyes. She tried screaming for me to save her, but every time she did, he would strike her face. My screams and demands only made the bastard rape her that much harder. Then I saw you!” He pointed directly at Lily.
Her eyes were wide with conformation, she finally understood his motivations. Then she balled up her fist and quickly hid it under the table. She was visibly shaking, but it wasn’t in panic, it was from rage. Alex placed a hand in her arm and her eyes cut into him dangerously until they softened from his serene expression. Whatever she was remembering both was and wasn’t specific to this exact event.
The general continued, despite the fact Alex was trying to help comfort Lily. “I will never forget that night, never. You were just a year older than my daughter, but I remember your white hair and purple eyes along with a dead expression on your face. When you showed up in the middle of my daughter’s rape you said ‘Master Peile, we have other obligations that you need to accomplish.’ He then retorted with ‘I’m almost done here, Lily, I’ll meet you with the horses when I’m done.’ Then you left without another word or look.
“Once he was finished with my daughter he snapped her frail and bleeding neck. He smiled and thanked me for the best night he’s had in months. He left me there tied up to wallow in my misery. Everything my life stood for was meaningless now. I so wanted to kill him for what he did. And when I find Peile I’ll be sure to kill him.”
“Right after I get a hold of him!” Everyone was stunned by the acid coating Lily’s voice. Things went from his sadness to her unbridled anger almost instantly. The muscles in her arms were flexing and straining and her jaw was clenched shut. Her eyes were looking deadly at the table’s surface. Her fair and creamy complexion had now turned bright red. She began breathing heavily while trying to calm herself.
Once she had she locked her eyes into the general’s again she said “Do you honestly believe your daughter was the only one my master raped?” Rakkian’s expression widened in surprise of her slicing words. “Let me give you a lesson on what it is to be a true Kings Guard. When we are removed from our parent’s homes and taken to be raised in Ravan’s Royal City, we are trained by instructors until we turned to the age of eight. At that age we are given to a specific master, to further our training. I was chosen to be tutored under Master Peile. He is the top general of King Runkamon and they are the best of friends. I was excited to go into the next step of my training until the very first night I was assigned with Master Peile. He raped me too. And he did so every time his whim wanted. I was as helpless as your daughter when it came to his desires. He didn’t like mature and older women because they weren’t fresh enough for him. His only perverted taste was for girls under the age of fifteen. And I learned the hard way not to fight because it only seemed to excite him that much more. When my item’s restraints were freed in my sixteenth year I was finally free of him. I was then able to do as I…”
Someone had raped the woman Alex cared so deeply for and got away with it? How could a grown man do those things to a child? How could he still be alive after someone told the tale of his raping of young girls? Alex wondered in unchecked anger.
Suddenly his heart began thundering in his chest from hearing this. His body was feeling hot and he clenched his jaw tightly. Alex began shaking with even more rage than Lily. It was the same sensation again, but there wasn’t anyone to take it out on. Why didn’t it coarse through me hours ago when I needed it most? Alex asked himself. Why did it react now? The feeling is unreliable. The strength came out of nowhere and it needed to be released. He had to find something quick or else he’d go insane from the rage and sudden surge of strength. Alex zeroed in on the table before him for some reason. Maybe it would help calm his rage?
His assessment wasn’t too far off.
He grabbed the table itself and began squeezing the wood as if it were little more than wet clay. It crackled and snapped under the superior strength of his hands. The sound of the crunching and splintering wood echoed off the walls with a sickening, grinding reverberation. He just held on to the table so he could relieve the thundering tension his body was under.
All turned to see where the sound originated and went still at seeing what he was doing to solid wood with only bare hands.
“Alex! Alex! Alex, calm down! You need to relax!” Allahandra shouted, but he couldn’t acknowledge her at the moment.
Then there was an explosion as the four guards from outside burst into the room, weapons drawn when they heard her yell. “All of you outside! Now!” She ordered to the four dangerous looking guards back to their posts. They looked worried, but did their duty in obeying.
He slowly released his grip on the table and the crushed woodchips fell into his lap and floor. Hands clasped together, he forced to calm himself down. Then his power crashed harder than ever as he began shaking even more and it was impossible to stop the rolling tremors. Someone was out there who could do such a despicable thing to Lily… His body wanted to fight this Peile even more. Ripping him in half with his bare hands would be the least of his worries
“Do any of you know how to temper him? If you do, make it quick.” Allahandra said quickly.
There was a sudden pressure on his shoulder, followed by a sound of air suddenly being sucked through clenched teeth. “I can’t,” Lily announced as a sensation barely registered on his shoulder again. A hissing sound happened when there was pressure. “He’s too hot to touch! It’s like his skin is on fire! What’s going on? Should I go get water?”
“Just give me a minute.” Alex said through gritted teeth. He then hugged his ribs to restrain himself before he destroyed anything else or harmed her. The violent, full body, spasms had returned with renewed vigor.
Everyone sat in silence, and a few minutes later everything began to ease, slowly. Alex was breathing heavily, but he managed to look over at everyone. “Pardon my actions. I don’t know why it overcame me just then.”
“Do not worry about it, Alex. Just relax and take things easy. We have as much time as you need to take. Relax and cool down.” Allahandra then looked over to the general. “Now do you understand what I meant about not upsetting him? Imagine if he had his hands around your neck right then.”
Rakkian’s eyes were wide with acknowledgement.
The story needed to continue for a judgment to be reached so he said “Well this general now has three people out for his head, but that doesn’t answer why you went after Lily. From your story she didn’t do anything. So why?”
Rakkian looked away in shame. “I thought if he killed my little girl I should do the same to his apprentice.”
It was silent for several minutes. Alex’s body relaxed and his temper cooled. Lily was looking between her first friend and the woodchips in his lap, rubbing her pained hand. He saw this and asked himself in horror and revulsion; Did I burn her? How? What just happened? Marlin and Shade were pondering something while the queen and general just sat in quiet.
“So you have heard the honest story, Alex. What will be his consequence?” Allahandra asked and then slid Rakkian’s five items across the table. They stopped in a loose pile in front of Alex.
He studied the shiny metallic items. “I will not be the judge. He wasn’t after me nor is it my right to decide.” He swept the items to the left. “It is your call, Lily. Your choice will decide his fate.”
Her amethyst eyes studied his restrained grey, the items before her and the general who sat across the table. It wasn’t difficult to understand why she silently deliberated over the issues. A smile faintly touched her lips when she found a conclusion. Her eyes landed on the general. “General Rakkian, if I was in your position I might have done the same thing. There will be no punishment. How about we call a truce? If I find my former master I’ll let you have the first go. Does that sound fair?”
Alex smiled faintly and she glanced at him and smiled herself. He was proud of her decision. She didn’t think of revenge, only forgiveness would save them both, but she also gave him a bonus. She gave Rakkian closure and a chance to exact his justified revenge. His heart swelled knowing she was growing as a person instead of a mindless warrior. She was becoming a woman he was thrilled to know. She was Alex’s first and dearest friend.
The general sat thunderstruck at his sentence. His jaw was hanging by its hinges and his broad shoulders were still slumped in denial. He was not prepared for such a result. In the depths of his dark eyes, he was prepared for the ultimate punishment, but what he received was nothing. It was faint, but he said “If that is your verdict I’ll gladly accept that punishment… Thank you.”
Lily grinned and used her unharmed left arm to thrust his items across the table. It made all kinds of metallic clattering as it skidded to his side of the table. He stopped them with both hands, but left them on the table. He still looked too shocked for words and for honest realization.
Queen Allahandra smiled proudly as she clasped her hand together atop the table. The sound almost made all in attendance jump in surprise. Alex’s senses were all still on edge and his hopes rekindled in this group. Her tone hinted on enthusiasm as she said “That was a kind and wise verdict, Lily. I still needed my best general around here. He has a long record of saving our hides. Now that this matter is officially settled it is time for the next one.” She then glanced playfully at Alex. “Now it is your turn to ask the question I’ve seen you chewing on since my arrival.”
Alex grinned. “You said you know about what I am or who my clan is… Can you please tell me what I am?”
She sparkled her white teeth and tucked a few strands of hair behind an ear.
“Alex, you are what is known as a Furion.”





Chapter 21

Furion, what is a Furion? Alex began searching through all of his memories for anything he’s ever come across related to that one single word. Everyone quieted down in the room even more as he leaned back into the chair to think. I’ve never heard nor read the word before, but the meaning feels almost terrifyingly right. He thought to himself.
It sounded like he was some kind of wild barbarian. It sounded so angry, primal and dangerous, but the earlier reactions associated the word perfectly to him. His fury for Lily being raped had undoubtedly triggered something within him. Furion sounded like the fury his body was thundering to unleash moments ago. Was my clan somehow related to the Fury itself? He wondered absently. It was an original name, hot and untamed. I am a Furion. He declared inside his thoughts. His strangeness had a name now. He was classified for the first time in nineteen years. But what does it all mean?
“Allahandra, what exactly is a Furion. What are we supposed to be?”
She leaned to the side and rested her arm on the armrest. “That is difficult to explain because there is so little written about what you are, your capabilities or your people. Very few know the word Furion, even amongst nobles. But from my rare sections of gathered text I’ve pieced together over the years, they were seen as incorruptible and worthy of the truest honor. Their skills in battle and fairness were unparalleled by any other peoples.”
Allahandra then crossed her legs as Alex mindlessly continued translating for Shade, without even realizing it. She seemed unnaturally accustomed and relaxed to his animalistic sounds despite how some people become anxious when he communicated with Shade. Alex’s focus was only on the queen as she continued her explanation.
“I can only tell you what I know, but it isn’t much. Furion are highly secretive in who and what they are. There is very little text on them because they teach mainly by word of mouth. Even Takka could only find thirty two related pages in his specialist’s item that weren’t in my enclave. That is how secretive the Furion clan is. And even those documents we gathered are mostly hearsay, but I shall tell you the few truths I’ve uncovered about them. And what I say from now on doesn’t leave this room.” Alex nodded automatically, uncaring of what the others said at the moment as the queen looked to each of them. “Furions that live today are instantly recognized in two profound ways. Firstly they are born without an item of any kind and secondly they can speak with fiends and other such creatures. Like I’ve just witnessed again, they are excessively stronger than anyone else.” She gestured to the splintered wood. “They are blindingly fast, smart and unpredictable. When I was given the report from Rakkian’s little brother, Takka, about a man who Angie couldn’t see and had punched a hole through solid stone with his bare fist; it made me curious.”
“Wait, you are Takka’s older brother? Honesty?” Marlin asked and started laughing in his seat. “You two are polar opposites. He’s so relaxed and you are so uptight. That is quite humorous.”
The queen cleared her throat and Marlin understood her rebuke and said “Sorry.” with all honesty.
She nodded and continued. “You see, Furions are more powerful than any item I’ve ever witnessed, well beyond any level five, but they are also exceedingly rare. Unlike most humans, Furions are linked by blood and thus always are never born with an item. Like a normal newborn babe, their item comes into existence by chance, and the powers the items use are pure luck, it is destiny who decides the item from the Ancients gifts, not their parents. For instance; two weapon’s class parents can have a strong bodied child, but the child’s item can be anything, any classification. Parents do not choose their young’s item. But Furion parents are different in that they always have Furion offspring. And as of this moment I know of only three living Furions, Alex. You are included in those three. That is as much as I’ve been able to gather. Like I said, they are very secretive and elusive.”
Only three? And here I thought there were many more because she seemed so excited. Alex grumbled in silence. He thought there might be hundreds, but his assumptions were completely crushed. But at least he knew he’s not alone, there are others like himself. There is someone else out there like me and they might be able to explain things to me like none other ever could. He surmised with a thrill. They might even know what is happening to me, whatever is going on with my body that is. Wait a minute…
Alex leaned forward. “So there are two others like myself? Who are they and will I ever get to meet them?”
Something like worry or pain crossed her expression before she covered it up in a calm mask. Whatever it was caused much inner turmoil. During the expression she glanced at the picture of her parents, behind her throne for only a moment before meeting Alex’s gaze directly. Her expression became passive and her voice was even. “Undoubtedly, you will meet one of them one day soon I imagine, but you will not like what I’m about to tell you. Though this pains me to my core, you must pay heed to this.”
It was then that her sudden expression, that she covered up made sense. It was a flash of terror from her past, a horror she witnessed firsthand. Alex hoped he was way off in his assessments, but the hope felt vain. “What did one of them have to do with your parents?”
Allahandra’s eyes widened and she gasped at his observation.
Lily touched his shoulder hesitantly, seeing if his temperature had cooled and when he leaned back to look at her she asked in a tense whisper “Alex, what are you doing, asking something like that?”
Her eyes widened as Alex smiled calmly and patted her tender hand. “Just trust me. This needs to be taken off her chest.” He turned back to the queen as she was trying to compose herself, it proved to be too difficult so his voice rose to her aid. “You can tell me clearly, your majesty, and I will help with your heavy burden that you’ve carried alone for so many years.”
General Rakkian was looking between this Furion and his queen with unadulterated confusion just like Marlin and Lily were doing. Shade was being patient, silent and studying everything. He had heard all of the translated conversations. This was the first time he has ever been so silent and Alex wondered what in the world he was thinking, but Shade remained still and eerily silent. It took another minute for Allahandra to steady herself, then she began saying “Before I explain…” There were three loud raps on the door. Allahandra sighed at the interruption then exclaimed “Who’s there?”
Behind the door a voice announced with calm clarity “It is I, Allahandra. Your meals are here.”
“Please, come in, Mistress!”
The double doors opened and the older woman entered the room, carrying a single covered tray. It had a wide circular base and a domed covering. It fit just over the palm of her hand. Behind her, the two young ladies from earlier followed silently. One of the girls held six circular trays under her arms and they were empty. The other girl carried a small basket of polished silver utensils. They proceeded to walk around the table and walked around Rakkian’s side.
“I hope things are going well.” The mistress said while eyeing Rakkian’s items that sat before him. She stopped by Rakkian and the little girls proceeded to give each person at the round table a tray along with a fork and knife. “Before I give you your meal little Rakkian, I’d like to know what you’ve been sentenced for. Tell me.”
“Absolutely nothing, Marge” He stated evenly, looking up to her. “I was given a second chance and I’ll not try it again.”
“You do that.” she then looked at each of them. “I hope you are hungry.”
She walked between Rakkian and Allahandra and sat her covered tray on the table and pushed it as far away as she could, towards the center of the table. The Pack wondered what she was doing and Alex was the first to realize that the covered dish was an item. She grabbed the handle on the top and lifted. As she lifted the tray’s dome, the bottom plate began expanding across the table, into almost impossible proportions. And on the growing plate was expanding and growing food. Not only had the plate shrunk, so was all of the food, but now it grew back to its original size. It was difficult to believe how useful the mistress’s item was for carrying a large amount of food, or anything else it was capable of. On the dish was a fully cooked buck, five thick slices of beef, six large buttered biscuits, a bowl of berries and other chopped fruits, a large bowl of water and five mugs of mead in crystal glasses.
Mistress Marge looked at Alex expectantly. “Young man, please ask Shade to give me a hand. I am not strong enough to carry his meal.”
He explained it to Shade and he grinned. “Gladly,” When he got off his haunches Alex stood up as well. The remaining woodchips on his lap fell to the floor with a raining sound. The mistress eyed the boy more suspiciously.
Allahandra said she would have someone clean it up and repair the damage he caused. Her tone was like she knew something like this might have happened.
The headless and fully cooked deer was on its own platter so Alex dragged the mass towards the edge and lifted it up off the counter to set the platter on the marble flooring. Marge took the large water bowl and sat it beside the venison.
Shade then had Alex translate his gratitude before he tore into the meat with mildly subdued vigor. Alex was told to sit back down as Shade consumed the flank of his meal. Then, with the girls help, the mistress brought each of their meals to the waiting guests.
Once everyone gave their gratitude to the head mistress, she shrunk her item and silently left the room with a smile on her lips.
They all then ate in silence, but it wasn’t eerie. The silence was broken as Shade began crunching the bones of his meal, in his powerful jaws. They were famished so silence continued its reign until they each finished their meal. The food was the best any of them ever had, and before any of them knew it, their plates and drinks were barren. Shade came back to where he sat before, by the queen’s side, and began licking his paws clean. He was enjoying the taste that still clung to his paws and teeth. They all smiled at him.
Alex collected everyone’s tray and other things and stacked it over on the end of the table, closest to the double doors.
Once he sat down again Allahandra cleared her throat and wiped the corners of her mouth with a napkin. Then she calmly looked him in the eye.
“You asked about the correlation between my parents and a Furion. You are correct about there being a connection and it is indeed a painful memory. None, but Mistress Marge, know of this exact story in its entirety. It involves the untimely demise of my parents about seventeen years ago when I turned sixteen years of age.
“My father was a wise and powerful man and my mother was the very essence of beauty and compassion. Together they ruled this land with a soft guiding hand. Another land had sought to destroy us and they could have if they so wished, but my parents had decided to negotiate a truce with the leader of the powerful land. They had come up with a peaceful bargain to save many lives with but a single condition. I would be wed to him.
“I had loved my people and didn’t want any to be hurt in a senseless war so I decided to be betrothed. My betrothed was to a Furion.” She then looked away from him for some reason as her bottom lip quivered. “He was a handsome man and I was instantly mesmerized by him like any young love-struck girl my age, but I was blind to the teeth he barred behind such a pleasant facade. It was to be a private wedding between our families as it was only my parents, myself and my betrothed. The overseer of our union was from his land. And just as our wedding started, his teeth were finally revealed to me. They wanted only to fight and control everything that there could be. By then it was too late.
“Before I had time to blink he had grabbed both of my parents by the throats and lifted them into the air like they were nothing but newborn babes. He flicked his thumbs effortlessly and snapped their necks like a dry twig. For the first time in my life I felt loss, fear and it soon became replaced with anger and a need for justice.” She wiped a tear that escaped from her cheek. “He allowed me to leave unharmed and he told me to make him a challenge he wouldn’t forget and I did. I found the rebel group Freelan and offered them my complete support. The group had been fighting for years and now they had my home to call their own. We soon began to protect each other as a family. Soon the leaders of Freelan chose me as their leader and I accepted the burden. I think of everyone in this great land as my family. As such I’d do anything to keep them safe, but times are difficult.”
Allahandra finally looked back at him and rested her hands on her lap. “The Furion I was to be wedded to was none other than King Runkamon himself. It was two years before he fully seized control of all of Ra’van, but by then his power was solidified and he’s only gotten stronger since.”
Alex’s heart seemed to cease as did everything inside him. Everyone was completely silent at the sound of this unforeseen and terrifying news. His throat clamped shut and Shade wondered why his translation was cut short. King Runkamon is also a Furion. He is like me, but what is the connection. He was the ruler I was wanting to help usurp, so the lands could be free of tyranny. Alex’s thoughts grew like wildfire. He’s always wondered how Runkamon could rule like he has, but this was entirely unexpected. Alex wondered what kind of item he was born with to take control over all lands, but couldn’t ponder that he was also itemless. Alex has seen what he can do personally, but couldn’t imagine what Runkamon was capable of if he could dominate over anyone who dared defy him and his ridiculous law.
What was worse is that Alex knew they were somehow related. If Runkamon was truly a Furion and the traits were passed along by blood, but then he could be Alex’s cousin, brother or worse… Somehow he managed to swallow a growing lump in his throat and his heart seemed to stop beating. “You think he’s …my…father don’t you…?”
He didn’t mean to say it aloud, but it came out of its own accord. He felt instantly sick to his stomach from this realization, and revelation, his meal felt like it was coming back up, but somehow he kept it from escaping. His heart starting beating sporadically, but it strengthened him somewhat. His head started feeling light and bumps rose all over his body, despite the heat rolling off of him he felt cold, inside and out. I had to get away from all of this. I needed time alone to think about this, he contemplated. And Alex felt his other state surge again.
It was impossible to look at a single person in the room as he made a decision and jumped from his chair and ran to the doors, harnessing the feeling that pounded in his body again. He opened one door and told the guards to relax before he blurred away down the hall, not that they had a chance to stop him. He descended down the spiral staircase, like a speeding ghost, and there were people on the stairs, but by the time they glanced, he was already gone.
Alex made it to the hall and sprinted to the front of the castle.

Once outside he slowed himself while descending the steps. He moved over to the edge of the stairs and sat alone on the lowest step. Placing his face in his hands, he tried to stop the violent spasms. This time the shakes weren’t only from struggling with his body’s sudden crash. It was also fear that knowing he was related to a man who destroys lives for fun and pleasure. It sickened him to know they had some bond of relation. Would he turn out like that tyrant as well? He felt that people entering and exiting the castle were looking at him, trembling like a frightened child who’d lost his parents in a large crowd. It didn’t concern him at the moment as what he thought of himself mattered more. How could he look at anyone again after hearing this recent turn of events? How could anyone ever be with me? How would I ever be able to face…?
“Alex?” A soft and deep voice rumbled behind him. “Look at me, big brother.” Shade said compassionately.
A large and wet nose pushed against his shaking head with the gentlest nudge. Alex managed to finally take his head out of his hands to look up at his younger sibling. His large golden eyes were soft and compassionate against his dimly glistening black fur. The sunlight was just beginning to fall for the coming night so Shade’s features were striking.
He moved down the steps to stand directly in front of Alex, consuming his vision to focus only on him. Shade then sat on his haunches and looked down upon him. A soothing rumble emanated from his chest and seemed to bathe Alex in comfort. His tone was soft and comforting. “I made sure the others would stay up there while I came down to check on you. They all tried following after you, but I wouldn’t let them even try. I didn’t know what was said at the end, but I can guess that it wasn’t all that great if you left us in the way you did. Tell me what happened and why you look so…lifeless and defeated, big brother.”
Shade waited patiently as he summoned up the courage to explain. Alex began telling him the end of Allahandra’s story, about the king. His eyes narrowed as Alex began explaining his reasoning for his bursting exit. He could tell Shade didn’t like this news, but remained patient and didn’t speak until he heard it all.
Finally Shade said “Who cares if he is your parent?” Shade brought Alex up short for an answer. “Come on, the only thing you could get from him would be your body. You have more of your uncle in you than anyone I know. Unlike the king, you strive to save life and see it set free, like all living creatures do. That is the only distinction I need to see and respect. Your mind and your deeds are your own and if anyone tells you different; I’ll eat them.” He grinned menacingly, but it shattered all of the tension Alex’s body accumulated and replaced it with laughter. Shade couldn’t look dangerous right now if he tried, and he was.
The elder sibling stood up and wrapped his still shaking arms around his brother’s neck. Shade leaned in and it was exactly what they both needed. He was the one person who always kept my back. He was my brother and family watch out for each other.
Once Alex pulled away, after the tremors ceased, he patted Shade’s thick shoulders in appreciation. “They are probably still worried about us. We should go back up and finish up what we need to.” Shade agreed.
Together they made it up to the top floor, and the worry that clutched Alex’s heart had slowly subsided during their ascent. He actually felt clearer minded after all was said. The guards were confused to see them again, but they didn’t stop them or speak this time. Opening the double doors, everyone was waiting close to the front of the table. Rakkian had attired his items again and stood at attention beside the queen. Marlin and Lily still looked worriedly at Alex.
They were quiet as Alex raised his hand to let him be the first to speak. For the rudeness and departure he bowed to the queen. “I beg your forgiveness, your majesty. I needed some time alone and the outside air helped.”
“The problems lay’s with me, ya. I didn’t foresee how quickly you would piece the information together.” Allahandra admitted. “I had misread the situation and forgotten how intelligent a Furion is at linking together the simplest of clues. Please may we continue? There is still more that you must hear.”
Alex raised himself up after translating for his partner. Once Shade entered, the doors shut behind him again. Alex then walked back to his chair from earlier, in silent shame. He noticed that the woodchips below his seat had already been removed and the splintered table had been shaped and smoothed. His Xeal staff remained where he left it.
Before the queen sat in her throne again, there was a strange sensation on Alex’s thigh. Looking down, Lily was gently rubbing his leg in a comforting way. Her hand was no longer red from touching his fire hot shoulder during one of his intense episodes. This was the first time she had honestly tried comforting him. He looked into her smile and then she realized what she was doing and jerked her hand back. She didn’t realize what she as doing until he gave her a moment to think. Alex wanted her to put it back, but shame still filled his thoughts.
“Alex,” Allahandra started and brought his attention back to her. For some reason her item case was on the table now. Rakkian was also sitting closer to the queen. He was sitting directly to her right. “I do not know if your father is Runkamon or not, but there is a high possibility that he is. Now when Freelan intergraded with my own military forces two years ago we became a strong force against Ra’van. Now it is time to explain about the other Furion I’ve met.
“It was about ten years ago, when he appeared here in my castle. Somehow he easily bypassed my best sentries and most powerful guards, without raising a single alarm or harming anyone. I was in my room for the night when he appeared like an apparition. I couldn’t even get a good look at him because of the darkness, but he spoke kindly. You are the very first person I’ve ever told this too. After he explained that he was a comrade and not a threat, did he enlighten me. ‘Should any Furion ever come here seeking to overthrow Runkamon, you must send for me. I shall be training until the day I am summoned to see the new Furion personally. When you need to summon me, use this. It will contact one of my servants.’ He then gave me this and explained how to activate it.” She stood and opened her case on the table for each of them to see. Behind her ornate dagger, in her item case, she pulled out a circular mirror from a special sleeve hidden inside. She held it easily in her palm and it made a slight reflection on the roof. It didn’t look too special until Alex realized it was an item.
She held it out for all to see as she sat down again. “Alex, with your arrival I can finally get to use this after all these years. I would really like to know what this other secretive Furion has been up to for the past decade. With your permission, I would like to try and understand the situation.”
Shade nodded once Alex finished translating as did Marlin and Lily. They all hoped whoever he was would be a force for good, rather than like the king.
“You have my permission, Allahandra.”
They were each intently watching her every move as she began tracing around the edge of the mirror with the tip of her index finger. Then she began making a circling spiral towards the center of the item. She held her finger in the center for a moment and then pulled the finger back. Suddenly the mirror began to instantly vibrate in the palm of her hand. Then just as quickly as it started, it became lifeless. There was nothing to be seen except ones reflection.
Was that all? Is this some twisted joke?
Then the mirror exploded into a fine dust. Allahandra jumped back in surprise, like the rest of them did. There remained a fine powder in her hand so she tossed it onto the table. Then the queen began talking to herself. “What is going on here? I was never told that something like this would happen… Why would an item just disintegrate like this? It’s unheard of, even from explosive items…”
They needn’t wait much longer for the answer to the disintegration. The mirror dust began swirling and coming together again, but it wasn’t returning to its original state. Watching with much silent amazement all witnessed the item’s power. First feet were formed from the mirror dust and then legs, torso, arms and then a head appeared. Before their eyes stood a miniature man of perfect human proportions, made from the dust of the former mirror item. He stood only four inches high but there was remarkable detail to the figure. The image was that of an older gentleman wearing expensively tailored clothing. Then the figure’s head turned and seemed to be looking right at them. The item was animated, alive. Then the head stopped upon Allahandra.
“Who are you and how did you get a hold of my item, let alone know how to activate it?” The little man’s voice seemed to rumble in the room.
The queen sat erect as a sign of good etiquette. “My name is Queen Allahandra of Alluan and you are inside my castle. I was given the mirror from a man who called himself Master. He taught me how to use it once I found a certain person. I have recently met him. His name is Alex and he is a Furion.” The small face looked doubtful at best. “This Master said to contact him when or if another Furion should ever reveal himself.”
“Who is this Furion then?” The man gruffly asked.
“I guess that it would be me.” The figures head jerked to the sound of Alex’s voice, but then he gasped. Suddenly he composed himself again.
“What kind of proof do you have to your claim?” It still used the same tone.
Alex turned to his right and looked up. “Shade, raise your right paw on the table and bark at the tiny man.”
Shade eyed the figure and grinned. He lifted his paw up and then barked and Shade began barking another laugh in glee.
The man’s eyes seemed to widen, but it was difficult to tell because of the small figure. He then began scratching his jaw while studying the two of them. “Well I’ll be… Aye… you are indeed an actual Furion. Please excuse me I must deliver the glorious news to my lord. We have waited so long…”
Then the figure crumpled into a pile of dust, but just before he was hopeful.
Each person glanced at each other without saying a word. Everyone was trying to process just what was happening. They didn’t have any way to proceed because at this point they were all completely blind. They didn’t know what was happening behind the curtain.
Five minutes later the dust swirled into the man once again. His tone seemed lighter and more expecting. He then bowed to the queen and then for some reason he bowed even more deeply to Alex. “Please forgive my skepticism Lady Allahandra and Lord Alex. My name is Janken. I wasn’t informed of my lord’s plans until now. He had explained that if I was captured sometime throughout these past years that I couldn’t inform anyone of his grandest of plans. My lord is excited about meeting a new prospect and he is preparing for his departure this very moment. He wanted me to inform you, Lord Alex, that he will personally be there within the month. He has asked me and to plead if it is required that you will stay inside Alluan’s boarders for your own protection. Now if you don’t have further need of me I have other orders that need attending immediately.”
“Thank you, Janken.” Allahandra said.
Suddenly the fragments began flying of their own accord, without any wind drafts in the still room, and drifted towards the roof and they watched as the dust completely disappeared.
Wait a month? But what would we do meanwhile? Who was this mysterious lord, Janken spoke of and what glorious plans were in the works? What was happening behind the scenes that wanted to see Alex so seriously? Why did this lord want to see him so badly that he would drop whatever he was doing to come see Alex so vehemently? Could this lord also be a Furion like himself? Could they be related too?
“That was interesting.” Marlin mentioned with mirth.
“Now that everything is in order I have my own arrangements to make.” Allahandra stated while standing. She left her case open on the table as she turned to look at Alex especially. “Oh, Alex? I have a request to make if you would but consider it.” Her sudden change in tone piqued his curiosity. He gestured for her to elaborate on what she had on her mind. Whatever it was she became serious. “I know you wished to join Freelan, but you are no common soldier. I saw earlier that you have a strong sense for justice and feel protective of those who are close to you. Those qualities are what we need to succeed in this difficult venture. Instead of placing you within the common ranks of the military, I have a proposition.” During this whole speech Alex translated for Shade, quietly . “Swear fealty to me as your liege lord, and in return for being my vassal, you will not have to defer to a higher authority other than my own. You will keep your autonomy and be able to do as you wish, but respect me if I give you an order. I would also place you by my side as one of my advisors in time of crisis. Being a Furion, a different mind would be invaluable to my considerations and plans. And as a special consideration, I would even grant you freedom to form a small, but special, group of members from Freelan who volunteer to follow you as their leader. In that sense they will have you to guide them in however you deem necessary.” Then she said “But if you do swear fealty, your accomplishment will reflect on me just as surely as your failures. If you don’t wish to become my vassal then you’ll be treated like all others and be ordered by the higher officers to do as they wished with you.” She clasped her hands together in a waiting response.
Why would she wish thing so grand of him to offer so much so easily with only speaking this one day; he knew not, but she was staking her reputation on this. She wanted Alex to remain by her side for reasons that were hers alone, but he wouldn’t make this decision lightly.
Looking for other opinions he looked to his left and Marlin was grinning like a proud fool. He said to his friend “Alex, do it. If you do than our merry little pack can stay together. The other captains and generals wouldn’t be able to separate us if we take the queen up on her offer.”
Lily simply nodded, her penetrating amethyst irises focused upon him.
Then Shade gained his sibling’s attention. As he spoke he looked only at Allahandra, calmly standing. “Alex, she is afraid of us… She doesn’t want the military commanders to get a hold of any of us because we are too strong willed. If we didn’t obey their orders we would be made examples, but that would hurt her standing among the people. If we were under her we’d only have to speak to her and decide upon a solution that would work. We wouldn’t need to worry about blindingly following orders. And if you become her vassal and she orders you to do something that will be kin to suicide I’ll steal you away and your bond to her will remain intact. She wouldn’t be able to punish you for something you had no control over and none may control me, save you.” Then he turned his head and looked Alex straight in the eye. “It is your choice, but it would be beneficial to only have her issuing orders than getting orders like we were only common foot soldiers.”
Everyone had a solid point and the choice was clear.
Standing up and grabbing his staff, Alex walked around Shade and directly up to the queen. Though she was slender and her green and gold dress simple, she didn’t shy away from him. Her dark eyes studied him and in them he saw a strong and cunning warrior. Though she was a healer, she wasn’t afraid to fight to the death if the need arose.
With her gaze following his movement, Alex knelt on one knee before her, planting the butt of the staff between them. Speaking clearly he gave a solemn vow. “Queen Allahandra, I Alex son of none, Fang slayer and Furion humbly pledge my fealty to you. Please use me as you will and may my skills be of service.” He then bowed his head respectfully.
Looking at the marble flooring his hearing registered the sound of a blade being drawn. Looking up, Allahandra had already reached into her case and held her non-item dagger. She was drawing the polished blade from its ornate sheathe as a deadly growl reverberated from behind him, the queen stopped mid-draw. Without looking, Alex told Shade it was alright. Reminding him of the books he’s read, he ceased growling knowing what she was doing was simply finalizing the oath. Giving the queen the gesture to continue, she pulled the blade from its home. Touching each shoulder with the tip of the dagger she withdrew and said “Rise my vassal.” Alex did and towered over her again. “Now that our vow is sealed you may do as you wish.”
She then pulled her case close, replaced the ceremonial and protective blade inside, closed it and brought it firmly in her right hand she looked at her highest ranking general. “Rakkian, I would like for you to call the other generals and commanders to the hall to explain the little change. I will leave it up to you how to decide what to tell them, but do not mention the seriousness of certain topics you’ve heard in this counsel today. Many know Runkamon killed my parents, but if they found out Alex might be his son they might do something regretful.”
“Ma’am!” He threw a fist to his heart and began turning around.
After Rakkian left the room Allahandra turned to look at The Pack, Lily informed her that was what Shade has dubbed for the group’s name again. “Your rooms have already been prepared for your stay. Please rest until the morning. We have had an overly dramatic day. Meet me here in the morning and we can discuss what to do for your stay. All of the accommodations of my castle are at your disposal. Rest well.” She turned and quickly walked through the double doors.
What Alex has just accomplished was truly a stroke of pure luck. He kept a large semblance of his freedom, his friends by his side and even gained the queen’s favor. Marlin was excited while Lily appeared silently pleased. Shade was grateful for the events as well, despite how strained the morning started.
Once they all stood and placed the chairs back properly around the large table Alex grasped the Xeal staff and turned around to see Marlin and Lily staring intently at him. It was now time to apologize for his actions earlier had put them through. Though they could remain together from now on and not be separated by orders, they needed to speak for themselves. Alex smiled, but they could easily see it was false and strained. He lightened the tone of his voice, but it didn’t ease the tightness in his chest. “So what did I miss after my little parental epiphany? Anything fun happen?”
Marlin brightened and a playful side kicked in. “Of course, after you ran away like a simpering little girl, the…” the wind was suddenly knocked out of his lungs. Lily struck his gut with deadly accuracy, using her elbow. Alex smiled tightly. She smiled, but only weakly. “What fish-boy here is trying to say is after Shade forced us to stay put, a cleaning crew fixed the table and prepared the guest rooms for our stay. Plus, they also brought in our things from the barracks. Here let me show you.”
Lily grasped his large hand and drew him towards the opposite back door that she came out of after her bath. Their touch was electric again. She released his hand as she opened the thick wooden door. For a moment Alex saw her blush for some reason, like she felt it too. The room opened into a deep hallway.
The hallway was long and wide enough for each of them to walk shoulder to shoulder. There were mirrors that lit the tunnel and also held what looked like oil lamps on shelves, but it was still light enough to show the way so the wicks remained unlit. Off to the left side were large doors that were for important guests and emissaries. Ten rooms lined the left wall, but none remained in the right. Down the hall the corridor turned right. Another solitary guard was standing in the corner’s shadow. If not for his keen night vision, the guard would have remained unseen. He asked what that was about and Lily said that the Queen’s room is down there and no one, but she is allowed down that hall, without her accompanying the person. Any who try will have to get past multiple guards that even she couldn’t see in the shadows.
At the fifth door Lily stopped and announced “Alex, this is yours and Shade’s room. I’ve got the next room down and Marlin is beside me.” She smiled in a very girly way. It was the first time he’s ever seen her show such an expression. She must have liked what she saw, but he loved seeing what he did.
He forced himself to look to the new door to his room. It was twice as tall and wide as the door to enter the hallway. He opened it and could see why Lily was acting this way.
This single room was four times the size of his old home. It was more of a small hall than a person’s bedroom. The floor was still made of white marble and the walls were painted a light green, calming color. There was a large clear window on the wall behind the bed, along with four oil lamps on each corner of the squared room. To the back wall was an enormous four-poster bed that reached half the height of the room. The bed was raised off the ground to reach a person’s kneecaps. There was a green cover on the bed as well as six pillows. Because of the beds enormous size, there could be four of Shade and still be enough room for Alex to sleep in absolute comfort. On the right wall was a large recess filled with still clear water, more than large enough for Shade to immerse himself completely. Around the edge was a small cabinet probably filled with bathing supplies. Off to the left wall was a large cedar closet and also right, beside the pool of water was a desk and beside it hung a full length mirror on the wall.
Shade pushed Alex over so he could peek inside for himself. Suddenly his tone became excited. “I’m calling the right side, mine!”
Suddenly the enormous and hyperactive sibling easily jumped over Alex’s head with grace and agility to land inside the room remarkably silent. He trotted to the bed, smelled it and then easily walked on it. He carefully walked on the green sheeted bed so as his sharp claws didn’t shred the fabric and a very comfortable spot was soon found. He made a half circle and laid down. A dramatic moan, deep in his chest rumbled, as he lay on his side while using two pillows to comfort his head. “Oh…Alex this fells sooo…gooooood…” He stretched out his long legs while straining his paws and then he finally let them drop onto the bed. “I’ve never felt such nice bedding in a den before.”
Alex laughed as did Lily and Marlin.
“Listen, we’ve all had a long day. I will see you both in the morning.”
Lily looked at Alex compassionately and Marlin responded with “We understand. You have much to think about, but at least you have found out why you have been born the way you were and we get to remain together.” He looked up and said in awe “Wow I know a Furion, but what in the world does it mean being one?” He then came back to reality. “Oh sorry, Good night, Alex,”
If Marlin thought he was confused, try being one.
They said their farewells and Alex closed the door to their room. Using a piece of flint and steel he lit one of the oil lamps before retiring.
Once Shade and Alex were alone he walked over to check out the closet. Inside the closet hung a wide array tunics and pants of a multitude of colors and which were all of his size. On the floor of the closet were several styles of shoes, but he’d never wear them. Alex then saw his deer-skin leather pack hanging on a hook on the closet door.
Deciding that a change would be good for now he changed into a new dark green and black tunic with sleeves that reached only to his biceps. It wasn’t tight, but it clung to his chest. The pants were a dark brown and were very comfortable, plus they didn’t hinder his range of motion. He stuffed the rest of his old clothes inside his bag.
Alex’s body was remarkably tired and weary from all that had been explained. He sat the staff on the floor at the side of the bed and lifted the sheets. He realized, despite Shade’s playful antics a few minutes ago he was also tired. He lay dead to the world with his deep breathing.
Shade was also right. The bed was the best Alex ever laid on in his life too.
Being so drained Alex went so sleep not long after. He was thankful that he didn’t dream. It was just a blank and empty darkness. His mind and body finally could recuperate without nightmares about the king being his father.

A strange noise in the middle of the night brought Alex out of a deep sleep. Shade was snoring and growling every now and then, but the strange noise wasn’t from him. It sounded again and he sat up. Alex slowly recognized the sound to be a soft rasp on the door to his room.
His sigh couldn’t be stopped as he slid out of the bed. Silently he crossed the distance and walked to the door. He cracked the door and asked silently so as to be courteous to his brother “Who is it?”
“I’m sorry, Alex, but I cannot sleep. Can we talk for a few minutes? I’m so sorry for waking you.”
His head was still foggy, but it was Lily’s voice. She sounded too awake and concerned about something. He opened the door wider and said “Come on in. Let me just turn up the lighting for you.”
He turned and walked to the still lit lamp without glancing at her. There was a stick and he used the flame to light the end of it. He walked to each corner of the room and lit each wick. The room filled with a soft orange light that made subtle flickers. He blew out the stick and sat it beside the last lamp. When he turned around his mind went absolutely blank.
Lily stood in the middle of the room wearing a dress. He had never seen her wear something so feminine before. The dress was made of a silver silk which shimmered brilliantly in the lamp light. It hung from two straps on her shoulders and the dress itself was more like a sheath. It seemed to contour to every bend and curve her voluptuous and solid body had to offer. She looked like the moon goddess rather than a cunning warrior. Lily was beautiful and all he could do was stare at the raw magnificence before him. White hair complimented the sensual dress, and her eyes were looking at the ground. Her arms hung uneasily at her side as she just stood there, waiting for something. A small shimmer of her item reflected the candlelight as it moved at the V of her cleavage.
“Aren’t you going to say anything?”
“Beautiful.” The word escaped his lips even before he could think again.
Her face went crimson, even in this dim lighting. Alex wondered how easily she could see him though. She then cleared her throat and looked at his face in a searching method. He knew she couldn’t see nearly as clearly. “Enough of that for now, I needed to talk with you. May I sit on the bed?”
He sat first and decided to pat a spot beside him. She sat where he patted, uneasily. She locked her hands together and rested them on her lap. Lily then went completely silent as she burned a hole in the wall with her eyes. He just sat there and watched her, unsure of what to do or where to begin.
“Why do I have such a beautiful guest tonight?”
She finally sighed and spooked when Shade growled in his sleep. Alex smiled knowing he was chasing something. Wait until she hears when he catches something in his sleep. She would usually laugh if she saw Shade jerking in his sleep. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have bothered you.”
She tried standing, but Alex placed a hand on her exposed shoulder. There wasn’t anything to be said about the suppressive gesture.
“If you want to know, I wondered what you think about after hearing what was done to me as a girl. Do I disgust you or do you pity me?” She finally started getting to the point of the matter.
“Neither.” He said in complete honesty. Once Lily recognized his word she turned to look for an answer in his expression and all she saw was an honest smile. “I see you as I always have. Strong and proud, but most of all you’re beautiful.” He didn’t know why he was expressing himself so suddenly, but things just felt right. “The only one I pity is the master who did those terrible things to you. I just wish you could have been spared that torture and been shown what it was like to have made love the true way. The way it was meant to be.”
She looked at her shoulder and he forgot to let go. When he did she quickly caught his hand with hers. She had actually wanted to hold his hand, but he didn’t know in what way so he just let her hold it. He could barely feel the subtle warmth of her calloused hands and she could feel his.
There was silence between them and the only sound was from Shade’s heavy breathing. Nothing short of an explosion could wake him right now.
“Tell me something,” She looked at his face with calm purple eyes, once he had broken the silence, but she continued holding his hand. “Back on Kallel’s Farm when I was working shirtless.” He said to bring the past memory they shared forth for her. “You said that I reminded you of someone. Could it be that I look like Runkamon?”
It was difficult to ask such a question, but the thought had been triggered during his sleep and it needed to be asked. What felt odd was that his body didn’t react, and he realized that Lily was keeping him grounded. Just her simple touch kept him calm and sure. It was a growing bond that they shared from their contact with each other and having her near was keeping him from falling apart at the moment. If she wasn’t holding his hand, who knows what would happen.
She listened to his question and he saw recognition hit her eyes. It was almost too easy to look away from her eyes right then. He sighed himself and felt his jaw muscles straining to keep a scream from ripping through him.
“Alex, like you said. You are who you are. I won’t deny that there are some similarities in your build, but he is cold and heartless. You on the other hand are warm and compassionate. Normally you feel slightly feverish, like you’re feeling at the moment, but earlier I couldn’t touch you before my hand felt like it was ablaze.” She startled him as she took their joined hands and brushed his knuckles against her soft cheek. “Just a simple thing as your warmth lets me know that there is more to life than pain, suffering and endless fighting. You have shown me that in so many different ways and I want others who were like my old self to understand such simple yet satisfying pleasures. It’s the small things that I enjoy now, not the blood and conquest anymore.”
She then released their hands and stood up. Alex watched as her dress shimmered behind her. She turned and their eyes met again. Her eyes meant every word. “I am sorry for waking you, but I’m glad we spoke like this. Now I think that we can both move on from our haunting pasts. I’ve come and got what I needed off my chest. I will see you in the morning.”
Without another word she turned, left the room and shut the door behind herself. Things then became too quiet.
As he turned his head Shade’s large golden eyes were staring directly at him. He had been listening without understanding their words, but wasn’t ignorant enough on how to read the atmosphere between Lily and Alex. What Alex did not want to know was how long he’s been spying on them. “How many times do I have to spill it out for you? If you are going to be mates with Lily, you need to do more than just simply touch with your paws.”
“If we ever do become mates, you will not be around to see us in the act.” He shot back, but then added “I cannot even honesty tell if we will. She is difficult to understand, but I want her to be happy. If she finds someone other than me I’ll be jealous of the guy, but I will be happy for her.”
“You mean that don’t you.” He said as an astounded statement. “I can understand why you say that, but don’t give up. You need to find a mate too.”
“What about you? When will you find yourself a she-wolf?”
He took the question as a joke and a rumbling sound began in his chest. “I’ll wait until a female finds this supreme Alpha.” He grinned at Alex after emphasizing himself, placing a paw over his chest. “We will most likely have a long day, in a few hours, so we should get some more sleep. Goodnight, Alex.”
He then dropped the side of his head back on the pillows while making sure to not destroy them with his sabers. Alex joined his sleeping rhythm soon after.





Chapter 22

Alex awoke on his own before the sun first bathed the sky. It wasn’t difficult to wake up from the long restful night. The first thing that registered in his mind was Lily in that silver dress. Even imagining it again made his heart race. She was so amazingly and stunningly beautiful, a goddess of the moon. He had to remind himself to breathe, even from just the vivid memory. Closing his eyes to picture it better, he could still see every detail of last night just like she was still there, sitting beside him with perfect clarity. Why was she wearing something like that? She never showed any preferences to wearing a dress before, but a part of him didn’t care because the surprise was surely worth it.
Shade continued sleeping soundlessly and Alex couldn’t stand laying in bed any longer. His body was just too anxious to remain motionless. It was easy exiting the enormous bed without disturbing the unmovable fur-ball. After undressing, he walked over to the pool of water and found it remarkably warm. Looking down into the water lay a circular disc in the deep bath. It was an item that was being used to heat the water to a comfortable degree. As Alex bathed he watched the soap drag his grime down the drain, but left the water clear for it didn’t need to be completely drained again. He exited the bath, dried with a fresh towel and walked over to the closet to don another pair of dark brown pants. He then walked over to use the full sized mirror for the first time. It has been close to eight months since he last looked at himself with this much detail and clarity.
The reflection cast from his body struck every nerve. He had only seen the small results building over a period of time. What he saw directly looking back from the mirror was different than looking down at his own body, more real and dramatic. A year ago, his body looked more like a skeleton covered in skin, but now the changes were unmistakable. All of the muscle that his body had gained left his mind running blank. The towering body in the mirror seemed to radiate both speed and strength, rather than having large muscles just for show. His chest was broader and layered in toned, rigid muscle. The arms weren’t wiry as before and now were thicker, but still allowed for quick movements rather than relying solely on pure power. His neck seemed thicker and his jaw line seemed more defined, in a rugged way. His cheekbones and brow didn’t seem to change too much, which felt like a blessing to have some reminders as proof the image wasn’t an illusion. And then there were his grey eyes. They seemed sharper and more critical than in the past. All of the experiences had made an effect on his entire outlook. His entire body looked completely proportional, except for the bite scars that remained on his left arm. It was impossible to believe that the figure in the mirror was actually him, but it was.
If only uncle could see me now. Alex wished. He would be stunned, then laughing until he fell on his back to catch his breath, only to hoot harder.
Before becoming vain with his reflection, the same tunic he wore during the night slid back on. It was as if it was still clean rather than being slept in throughout the night. The material was quite expensive and durable. While reaching for the staff, his back received a great stretch. He then decided to stretch all of his joints. It was great loosing up all of the tired stiffness. After two violent episodes in one day, his muscles and joints relished the limber feeling.
“Alright Shade, it is time to wake up.” he said calmly.
It was slow, but he raised his head up. Alex couldn’t stop himself from laughing at his furry face. Shade had slept so hard that half of his face flattened. Even his wet nose seemed off-center. Droopy eyes seemed to finally catch that he looked humorous. He didn’t seem to like his brother’s early morning laughter.
Shade nipped for laughing at him, but laughed at himself once Alex brought him to the mirror to see his reflection. After he stretched too, Shade looked at himself in the mirror, vainly. He also said he couldn’t believe how large he was. He said he was now larger than both his father and mother and more handsome than either one of them. He even wondered if he was becoming a lord…
Before he became vain too he submerged himself in the water as well and allowed Alex to give him a proper bath. He was just as amazed about the water not needing to be constantly refilled for each bath. Eleven fresh towels later, Shade’s bulk eventually dried.
Getting his flank patted, once it was dry, he turned his large intelligent, golden eyes upon his sibling. “We had better go to the meeting room. Allahandra said we’d meet early in the morning.”
Before they left the room Alex blew out the oil lamps.
They entered the private meeting room, with the large circular table to notice that it was empty of all people. Shade had decided to lie against the wall until everyone arrived. While he did that, Alex studied the table.
The engraved map was more detailed than he first realized. The way it was turned was where Allahandra’s throne sat made the map its base. She could look at the table map exactly like she would if she unrolled a map for herself. It held the same patterns as the old leather book, but the enormous engraved table held subtle elevations on its lacquered surface. Alex silently followed the path’s he’s taken from his home in the Waget Isles to reach this place, with the tip of his finger. It was correct in its proportion. The lines he used correlated with the terrain that his eyes had seen. The plains were smoother whereas the forests were rough and mountains held dulled points in the wood grain. It was one thing to see the journey, but to see it on the map showed how very little he’s truly seen.
He stopped studying as Marlin entered the room. Marlin grinned as he saw his friend. “You look much better than you did yesterday. So how are you feeling inside your head? Any better?”
They met up around where Shade still laid. His large head was up and alert as they talked. “I’m feeling better, thank you. There was just too much information we needed to understand and deal with.”
“You don’t need to explain that to me. If I’d learned that I was related to that tyrant, I would still be moping around. I’m sorry you had to deal with something so devastating. And don’t worry too much because the two of you are completely different. You won’t need to worry about me turning my back on you.”
“Thanks, Marlin.” Alex was grateful to have such great friends and allies.
Soon after their discussion ended, Lily entered the room and their eyes met instantly. She looked down at herself to see if she looked any different. She was checking herself to see if she was still wearing the dress from last night. Lily sighed gratefully once she realized that she had not. Alex sighed too, but only because he wanted to see her in it again. She was now wearing a reddish-orange tunic with no sleeves. She was also wearing light green pants with her items hanging from her belt.
Lily quietly walked over to the boys and began petting Shade’s head while leaning against the wall, standing underneath Allahandra’s parents painting. Because of her sleeveless tunic Alex was barely able to see the backside of her right arm. The long wound was healed and only a faint pink line remained and her hand didn’t seem at all tender either. Allahandra’s item wouldn’t even leave a new scar for Lily to admire. The queen’s healing item was quite remarkable.
They all sat in silence until the queen walked out of the back door, being accompanied by Mistress Marge. Alex wondered where she came from because he didn’t see her come in since he had arrived in this room..
Allahandra wore a darker green dress and attired her golden tiara. Her items were hidden in the case clutched in her left hand.
“Ah, you are up so early?”
“We have gotten in the habit of waking at first light, Allahandra.” Lily stated casually. “We had to unless we wanted to be caught and killed.”
“I understand.” From the look in the queen’s eyes she did.
Allahandra then walked over to The Pack with the mistress following silently, like a second shadow. “Well since everyone is gathered here, I would like to ask you a few questions if you do not mind. First off I wanted to ask if you would accompany me to the banquet hall. It seems like everyone in the castle wants to see what you all look like. Rakkian must have gotten a little carried away with the stories, and they have spread like wildfire throughout the castle and into much of the city.” The four were all hesitant to be treated so well, but they agreed to accompany the hospitable queen. Alex was already grateful she didn’t order him, though he is now vowed in her direct services. “Thank you. I do not wish to impose any strict rules for you to follow. You’re all part of my family now. I’d like to know what each of you will be up to in your spare time, once I release you to begin my duties.”
During this time Alex translated to Shade. He stood up to tower over everyone and the queen’s eyes followed. “Alex, tell her what I’d like to do.”
He translated his partner’s request to the queen “Shade would like to keep his skills sharp so he would like to use your training facilities so he can spar with us. Despite yesterday’s incident, he liked the sparring equipment and rules. Also he needs a place to do what he needs to do. He is unable to use our human facilities. Finally he wants to check out your collection of literature. It has been too long since either of us could take the time to read in leisure.”
Allahandra went silent for a few minutes as she deciphered Shade’s requests. She looked and spoke to Shade, but Alex translated. “I will have my groundskeeper ordered to make you your own place for relief. There is a large patch of unused grass on the side of this castle that my flowers don’t seem to like. I will have it fenced off specifically for you and have it cleaned by the end of each day. After breakfast I will grant each of you permission to use my book and scroll collection as you see fit so long as their condition remains proper. And finally you may use the arena for however long you require.”
“Shade says he is grateful for your generous hospitality.”
“Think nothing of it. I’m just so highly excited about these new events. They are much more thrilling than dealing with the everyday problems that accompany my station.” Just then there was a rumbling sound in the silent room. Allahandra’s hand went to her stomach in complete embarrassment. “Oh please pardon that. My stomach always does that when I’m hungry.”
“Well Allahandra, we should get going.” Mistress Marge suggested, smirking.
“Very well, If you will, please accompany me.” Allahandra began walking.
When Marlin and Alex opened the double doors for the queen, the standing guards saluted the queen with a fist to their hearts. They shut the doors after everyone made it through. Alex also noticed that these men were new guards who stood watch over this level. They had traded shifts during the night.
They followed the queen down the long spiral stairs while hearing the hum of a large group of people, getting louder. When anyone on the winding staircase recognized Allahandra, they moved against the wall and saluted. It kept getting louder and louder the further the descent took them. That was until they made it to the first floor when the sounds of voices blared together in an incoherent mess. Since Allahandra took the lead, it was difficult to see anything until Alex made it down himself.
Every table was completely filled with food, drink and people from all walks of life. Many whispers and the shifting gaze of the people in the main hall were contrasted by those with boisterous personalities. Each and every person in this room was a warrior of Freelan. The only people who weren’t sitting at the moment were mainly the kitchen staff and the people in the back trying to get a better view of who arrived. There was a wide array of items of every class and level. Those without weapon items carried swords. There were many silent people as the queen and The Pack all appeared at the mouth off the stairwell.
Because of everyone’s staring, they all became self-conscious.
Allahandra didn’t stop as she turned to her right and began walking towards the stage displaying her throne. She had become accustom to the people silencing upon her arrival in a room. The mistress of the castle began walking down to the lower level and disappeared as she descended. The four silently followed behind Allahandra, after she glanced at Shade and the others adamantly. While they walked each noticed that the raised stone stage was altered from yesterday and held a new table and three chairs that weren’t there before. The throne chair remained exactly where it sat yesterday though.
They all stopped as she began walking upon the stairs that led to the stage. With a motion of her hand, the four followed her up, feeling the weight of stares from the silent crowd. The Pack all stood to the left of the queen, gazing at the assembled fighters for freedom.
“My brave people,” Allahandra started and her voice carried throughout the hall and everyone listened. “As you have all undoubtedly heard by now, we have new guests to our home. I would like to introduce you all to Marlin.” He stepped forward, waived and returned to his position. “Lily.” She mimicked Marlin. “The Shadow Fang, Shade.” At the sound of his name he grinned wolfishly at everyone. “And finally this is the Furion, Alex.” He shifted the staff to his left hand so he could wave freely with his right. “He has already sworn fealty to me alone, so welcome him and his companions into our family with open arms. Please treat each one of them like you do with your friends, relatives, commanders and even me. I hope that you all become kindred spirits and will work perfectly with each other. I know many of you have questions. Please hold onto them while they acclimate themselves within our society. They seem open so you may ask them about things, but please do not pester them. They are still new.
“Please return to your meals.” She finally stated, smiling with the love of her people evident on her expression.
They walked around and sat to the queen’s left. Shade sat directly next to the queen, like yesterday in the council chamber, and the rest of them sat like they did on the upper levels as well. The head mistress brought out her item again and each of them ate a large morning meal.
While they ate, the hall became louder as people began conversing once again. There were still many who kept looking at the stage, but Alex has always been looked at with an odd expression like they were using, ever since he was a child. It took over nineteen years just to figure out just what he was, but now he had even more questions than answers. Sometimes things are elusive for a reason. What was a Furion supposed to be, but what really was difficult to understand was what all the other soldiers thought of him?
Just as the meal was finished, a middle aged man walked on stage when Allahandra summoned him with a crook of her finger. He had a shovel item strapped to his back. She gave him orders on making a spot on the side of the castle for a place where Shade could finally relieve himself. The man understood and went to work immediately.
“Alex, all of you may go to the arena and do what you must. I shall have your letters to borrow my texts written by midday. I shall meet up with you later. Enjoy the rest of your day. Learn about your new home.”

Before Alex realized what had happened they had all made it to the oval stadium and training area.
The queen had left to attend her many errands. Once she departed the stage many of the people inside the hall came up to converse with the honored guests. Shade had to dive into his shadow because he really had to use his new facility when the man returned to explain that he had finished the task. The rest of them were completely surrounded by everyone asking questions at the same time. That was, until General Rakkian showed up and used his item’s ability.
He raised his two sided battleaxe and suddenly a startlingly brilliant light emanated from it. It was too bright and it made Alex unable to see clearly for several minutes. That battleaxe of his would disable all of his opponents and leave them blind, just as it did for those around him. He ordered anyone who didn’t leave immediately, to do kitchen and stable detail. No one remained and the three thanked the general for his aid.
They had made it to the inner front gate with Shade before they made their way to the arena together.
While Shade and Alex sparred, like they used to do regularly, every instructor and student watched the fight with a child’s delight. Shade and Alex fought with everything they had and they didn’t, ever, land a single blow with their painted weapons. Lily commented on the fight, like it was more of a fierce dance for those who had watched. Then Marlin fought and lost miserably against Lily. Alex fared slightly better than he, with only five death blows from her unyielding assault. Alex saw an improvement in himself because he only received half the number of her usual blows and he actually landed one on her right calf muscle. She didn’t hold back either. She never has, nor is it in her nature as a weapon user.
After they arrived back at the castle, Allahandra had personally given them each a wax sealed scroll. The wax was red but the crest was clearly Allahandra’s. It was the leaf of Freelan with a lightning bolt behind the leaf.
They each were told to visit the sixteenth level first. Once they landed on it, Marlin opened the door that one would use to enter the queen’s library.
There were rows and rows of scrolls and books all in order, reaching the ceiling. Despite the array of books, the air was clean and pleasant. They keep the castle clean and proper. There were movable ladders one would need to use to reach the highest books that reached the ceiling. Alex couldn’t fathom how one could collect so many books, let alone keep them in such an ideal condition. The floor was spotless and everything seemed to be in order. There were many personal desks one could sit down to enjoy the literature they had selected. There were several dozen small children, adolescents and scholars inside the room. They all looked up to gawk at Shade and the rest of them.
To the right was an elderly gentleman sitting behind the largest desk in the room. They each handed him their individual scrolls, which he broke the seal and scrutinized each letter that were given to him. He said each were authentic and handed each of them a small card with a map on one side and writing on the other. There were colored sections of the library’s map and the writing on the other side corresponded with the genre of the books.
They split up to find what they liked to read.
Shade stuck with his sibling, as did many of the curious children who found this utterly fascinating. They mainly wanted to know what Shade was all about. They all liked hearing that he could read. Alex found two adventure books for Shade and a geographical map for himself. Once they returned to the front desk, Marlin and Lily had already found a book that they liked. Marlin found one on rare water fiends and Lily found a military strategy book. They both looked excited to get started on their simple pleasures.
They then took their selections back up to their rooms and started on them.

Twelve days have passed and a relaxed routine began to develop. Every morning The Pack would eat and get to know Allahandra and a few of the lower ranking generals and commanders. Alex had a difficult time remembering each and every one of their names and proper ranks, but they didn’t hold it against him, being new and all. He was still fresh to the affairs of being a vassal of the queen after all. Marlin usually left Lily and Alex after his morning meal, to go be with Clift and ride together for an hour. They would usually go for a ride around the city and usually met up with the other’s later at the arena.
After their meal every one of them would spend time in the arena; sharpening and honing their skills. A larger crowd would come each day to see them for themselves and some of the gutsier warriors wanted to try their skills against Shade. It wasn’t long before they learned that Shade couldn’t be underestimated in a fight. Despite Shade’s monstrous size, he moved lightning quick. Fighting with Shade was easy for Alex because they’ve done it since he was a pup, but anyone else that tried their hand, had red claw marks on their padded chest. Usually both Shade and the combatant would laugh after their mock duel.
And for the first time Alex fought evenly with Lily for ten minutes straight, until they both called it a draw, collapsing on the ground from the exertion. Neither of them landed a solid blow on the other, but small red droplets scattered their skin from the intense impacts of his staff and her swords. Lily loved winning so she never went easy on him. Marlin also gained experience, but Lily still won every match against him.
Then the first day Clift and Shade sparred together was a day to remember. Clift had been re-shoed that morning by the nearby blacksmith and was itching for something to do besides spending time with the other horses. Some warriors of the cavalry platoons thought Shade was trying to kill one of their horses. They tried getting in between them, but Clift wouldn’t have anyone spoiling his training to become a warhorse. He charged and kicked at some of the men who tried leading him away from his giant teacher. Once they realized it was personal preparation for the stallion they eventually backed off. Marlin couldn’t stop laughing as Clift kicked one of the warriors into the paint vat, emerging as a human strawberry.
Each day that passed made Alex more anxious than the last. Whoever this other Furion or lord was would be here soon. He didn’t know what to expect from their initial encounter, but he could only hope the Furion wasn’t also a tyrant.
And he hadn’t had another violent episode since that day he crushed the queen’s table.
At one point Shade had his first sample of alcohol.
The men in the hall had brought up an entire barrel of mead, specifically for him. By the time he drank it all, everyone sat in wonder. For the first time in recorded history, everyone saw an inebriated Shadow Fang. When he spoke his words slurred, but Marlin later explained his bark and howl had a girlish pitch to it. At one point he howled loudly, but it too was slurred. When Shade tried walking, he stumbled into a table and passed out, but not before crushing it under his great weight. Everyone in the hall cheered and some laughed so hard they fell out of their seats to roll on the ground. Many gave Shade applause for holding his liquor so well.
Unfortunately he had a migraine for the next two days and vowed to never drink again. Alex didn’t believe him.

It was just another early morning breakfast in the hall with everyone. Shade was explaining about a new book he had gotten for himself. He had shown the old book keeper that he could write. So the ancient caretaker had brought up a large bucket of sand so Shade could converse with him without needing Alex as his translator. Shade had become a local celebrity, one that everyone loved to be around. He had begun to do more things by himself, which made his elder sibling proud of his easy attempts to befriend everyone.
Alex laughed when he quoted a part in the book.
Allahandra was having a pleasant conversation with Lily and Marlin was downing the last of his drink.
“MY QUEEN! I MUST SPEAK WITH YOU IMMEDIATELY!”
The hall silenced instantaneously as a young man, Alex’s age, shouted from the castle entrance. His tone was worried and carried real warning. He was sweating profusely and panting heavily from strenuous effort. His face flushed nearly crimson from running so hard. He was wearing boot-like items on each of his feet and claves that reached his hips. His item must be capable of increasing his running speed. Everyone could see the worry in his eyes.
Allahandra stood up with a calm, but serious expression. “Come closer…! What is the problem soldier!?”
He took a few more steady breaths before walking down the center of the silent hall, all eyes upon him. He stopped just before the white line a few feet from the first step of the stage. No one was allowed to cross the line, without expressed permission from Allahandra herself. He took a few more deep breaths before addressing his queen.
“Majesty, I was just sent from the northern watch, around midnight two days ago. Our advanced sentries reported seeing about eight to nine thousand Royal Guard soldiers rounding the head of Widow’s Forest. They are all land based, but we couldn’t risk capturing any of them nor do we know who is leading the sudden assault. They are headed in the city’s direction at a slow, measured pace. We have estimated it will take another ten days for them to reach the city walls. My commander has told our men to fall back and not attack, until we hear otherwise. That is the end of my report.”
Allahandra didn’t move as she listened to this entire report, expressionless. She then addressed the man. “What is the authentication code that I personally gave to your commanding officer?”
“The Frozen Tundra.” He said carefully.
“Good work, soldier. Find a place and rest, you’ve earned it.” He put a hand to his heart and walked away.
Allahandra then became the queen she is, as she began issuing orders to everyone in the hall. She pointed to the long row of warriors on the far left. “I want your row to collect all of the people living outside the city walls to come inside for their safety. Help them collect what crops can be harvested and stockpile them within the city’s storehouses. Burn the northern crops that cannot be harvested at this time. We cannot allow the Royal Guard to find an easy food supply. We are going to lockdown the city until the threat is eliminated from our home.” As the row stood and ran for the exit, Allahandra addressed everyone else with the same calm voice. “I want the rest of you to defend the city’s boarders and assist with helping the people to the designated shelter areas. Also if you come across any commander or general, tell then to meet in the war room immediately. Tell them it is an executive order. As of right now the city is under lockdown, the city will also be under curfew three hours after nightfall and two before dawn!”
Everyone immediately stood and began following Allahandra’s orders.
“I want all of you to come up with me. I could use an extra set of minds.” Allahandra addressed her vassal and began walking briskly away.
They didn’t hesitate to follow. Alex explained the situation to Shade. He became protective and jumped in front of Allahandra, keeping her path clear and safe for her. She was shocked by his lead and Alex had to deliver Shade’s meaning. “He says he will take the lead and you are to follow him. You must be protected and no one will dare stand in his way. As of right now, we will escort you until you are safely in the confines of the council chambers.” Alex nodded to Lily and Marlin. His nod was a friendly order. Allahandra said she was glad to have him under her. She felt safe.
Why are we being attacked? Alex wondered.
While they walked up the large spiral staircase, Shade took the lead of their defensive procession and growled at anyone who got too close. Those who did receive his deadly growl paled and pressed themselves against the wall till the group safely passed.
Lily brandished her swords as she stood to Allahandra’s left. Marlin stood to her right with his extended item and Alex walked backwards to defend the rear.
They hurried up to the nineteenth floor, without any stops.
Once they made it to the proper floor they relaxed and put away their weapons now that Allahandra’s personal guards were able to protect her.





Chapter 23

The Pack began anxiously waiting for Allahandra’s war council to arrive; as she called it. She had instantly walked around to her throne, which was the head of the circular table, and sat properly. She began tapping her perfect nails against the top of the table. It held a steady beat to it, she was anything but calm. Her eyes darted around the empty seats and on the motionless double doors. Allahandra’s expression was tense and expressionless at the same time. She was also breathing deeply and slowly, preparing herself for what was about to proceed.
Another battle was upon them.
Shade, Lily, Marlin and Alex all stood in the back corner. They remained as silent and motionless as they could because of the looming threat. They couldn’t say anything that would erase the tense atmosphere that continued thickening without anyone else to have arrived. Royal City was in a war situation.
Through the walls the group could hear orders being shouted and carried out.
“Has the queen arrived!?” A deep familiar voice shouted beyond the double doors. The other guard beyond the door exclaimed “Aye, Sir!”
General Rakkian came bursting through the double doors while being shadowed by Captain Maiot and Gyro. The general looked calm and composed and even his voice matched. “Your Majesty, is it true? Have we finally been challenged after such a long respite?”
Allahandra seemed to instantly relax once she saw her top general. Her expression turned calm and she stopped beating the table. Even her tone matched his. Lily, Marlin and Alex smiled secretly to each other in conformation of what they just witnessed between the queen and her general. “The authentication code I delivered secretly was, without a doubt, the real thing. Take your seat until everyone is convened, ya.”
He took his seat by her side and his two subordinates stood directly at his back. Another round of silence dominated the chamber.
Everyone waited in subdued silence for about another hour as the other generals and commanders entered the room. Many were sweating and panting from running. Soon all but seven seats in the room remained vacant. The other forty were taken. Each high ranking official had one or two other subordinates standing silently behind their superior. There were whispers from the officials while they waited, but there wasn’t a single shout once they entered the room. Finally Commander Yort entered the room along with someone Alex didn’t recognize.
“Now that all local heads have gathered, we can begin.” Allahandra stated and also calling the war meeting to order. “As each of you have probably figured out, we will be under attack within ten days at the earliest, if what the scout reported is correct. I have ordered all available personnel to aid with the lockdown and preparation of our home. As each of you are all well aware, it has been some time since we have been under attack. I’m going to open the floor to the second in command for General Takka of the Specialists division. What information have your people gathered about the current enemy situation?”
An older woman cleared her throat and brought out her item. It seemed to be a scroll, but it was metallic looking. She unrolled it only three seats wide. The other two officials who sat beside her held the ends down. “From what I’ve been piecing together, it seems like most of the intruders are over ninety percent of the weapons class and half of those all carry some form of siege item. There are also many long and mid-range support troops, but minimal close range combatants. The leader of this siege is unknown, but from what we can tell he or she is both ruthless and intelligent. Luckily we have only sustained minor injuries from the patrol along our border, none have been killed gratefully. They are traveling slowly and also sticking together so their mobile defenses are high.”
“That is good news, they won’t be able to move nearly as fast then, even moving through the open plains.” Allahandra then calmly scanned her group. “Does anyone have any solutions to halt the threat?”
Many hands raised, but something didn’t seem to add up. Alex listened to their solutions while also contemplating himself, his jaw began clenching to focus on what was wrong with this situation. He then began biting his thumbnail as he sought for a reasonable and logical reason behind this attack. It didn’t add up, the approaching threat was too conspicuous. The officers continued reasoning their solutions and the explanations droned on for over an hour.
“Alex, what are you thinking about?” Allahandra asked during the middle of one of her officer’s solutions. He looked up to see her dark eyes watching him intently. “You have been standing there deep in thought this whole time and I want to know what you have come up with.”
Every person turned in their chairs to look at him in the corner of the room; standing with the rest of his pack. Shade had sat, but watched only his brother. Lily and Mark also were watching him in the same way. There wasn’t any way to be disrespectful and ignore the queen, especially since she ordered him to speak in a polite manner. He took his chewed nail away from his teeth and walked forward. There was an empty seat, the one he’s used practically every day so he walked behind it, laid the staff on the back of the seat and planted his hands onto either side of the chair’s back.
His tone was calm and quizzical as he addressed every person in the room with honesty. “If I say anything that seems disrespectful please forgive my ignorance for I mean no ill will. For those of you who do not know me, I’m Alex.” He thought it would be a good start to introduce himself to everyone again, though most he remembered from their greetings in the hall.
Scattered thoughts came together in a linear way after he shook his head. “Bear with me, I have never seen nor been in a war so I don’t understand what you have learned through experience. On the other hand I have been in fights and survived where there was almost no hope. When I first entered this city I saw your walls and they are the strongest and thickest I’ve seen in the whole of my life. Plus from my rough estimate we outnumber the intruders ten to one and that only includes the current weapons class soldiers.
“Their assault just doesn’t make sense whatsoever to me.”
“What makes you think this?” General Rakkian asked neutrally.
“I cannot make a solid hypothesis without more knowledge. Can I have you help me to fill in the blanks?”
“What do you have in mind?” The general crossed his item covered arms.
“Can you tell me of every single attack this city has withstood, within in the past ten years? Also include which direction they came from, their standing numbers, strategies that both of our sides deployed, what their specific targets were, any breaches passed the wall, how many wounded and killed on each of our ends. I could keep going, but you can understand what I’m getting at.”
The general’s dark eyes narrowed and then he laughed. “Boy, that much information would take half the night and we need that time to mount our defenses, ya.”
“The defenses can wait.” That same sensation of authority began radiating from him again and everyone silenced. “If my uneasiness is correct then every solution I’ve listened to from each of you will be completely fruitless and will result in more causalities to our cause. For now, everyone is safe and secure inside the city. If it takes us all night, so be it. If my hunch is wrong you can take whatever appropriate actions against me that you deem fit.” Alex then shifted his eyes to everyone who was in the circle and some gasped as he continued harnessing this odd sensation he was feeling. “It might end the night faster, if all of you helped Rakkian. You know, fill in any details he might have missed.”
When he relaxed, and the sensation vanished, the queen said “He is right. And since he is new, he needs to know what has happened in the city’s past. Go ahead general, we do have time like he says.”
He sighed reluctantly after studying Allahandra’s unwavering expression.
Alex sat down in his chair as the general began recounting the first battle from ten years ago. Everyone seemed to relax and become entranced by how eloquent and precise his accounts were. Lily and Marlin were asked by the queen to sit in the available seats and the others who stood were allowed to sit where they wished. There wasn’t time to translate so much information to Shade so he went back to their room to read a new book. Shade was more a creature of action rather than strategy and what was being discussed bored him to no ends.
It took almost forty minutes for the first battle to end in his stories. During that time Allahandra asked one of the subordinates to inform the kitchen staff that they would need food brought up. It was going to be a long day. When she was off to deliver the message, Rakkian continued with the next battle happening exactly five months later.
Some of the officials politely interrupted to add to the events in the general’s narration, he welcomed the additions they gave for it gave him time to rest his voice. Everyone focused to recount the details with as much clarity they could, but Alex played each and every event over inside his head while sifting through the pertinent information. There was much to learn, but it was manageable to comprehend and visualize the accounts.
They ate together and others recounted events so Rakkian could get a break.

Around midnight, everyone was weary from all the accounts spoken, but they finished off with the very last assault to the city.
They had to light all of the oil lamps in the war room and it helped cast a comfortable and calming radiance in the confined area. The green walls took on a black look. Some of the seconds in command were excused to see to the troop’s progress of the lockdown and safety of the citizens. Gyro told Captain Maiot he would see to the instructions before he left the general’s side.
Alex had listened to everything and his earlier suspicions were correct. He quickly listed every relevant question and detail presented to him. There was an inconsistency in their judgments and the past shone light to the present. He had the answer that they all would have missed. If he wasn’t here he wondered who would have thought this scenario up…
He smiled and Allahandra spoke loud enough to bring everyone’s attention back with an excited tone. “What is it, Alex? Did you gain an insight?”
“That I have, Allahandra.” The commanders, generals and the others all looked strangely between the exchange. They all wondered what he found, which they themselves did not. His grey gaze swept across the room before he began. “First off I would like to thank each of you for your patience and accounts. It seems that the past was more enlightening than I originally planned. Almost all of the pieces are fitting together, but I have gained enough information to know that each of your previous solutions would most likely have proven futile.”
“How so, Alex?” Allahandra asked calmly while everyone else seemed uncomfortable, hearing that their thoughts and solutions were wrong.
“From all of the accounts mentioned today I’ve noticed certain patterns. From ten years ago you have been attacked thirteen times, on a large scale, and had only a single breach to the outer walls during all of those the attacks. That breach happened seven years ago. Normally you are attacked every ten months, on average. Now the last attack this city withstood was about a year and a half ago, just after you took the mantle of Freelan’s leader as well as queen. That is a huge inconsistency compared to the previous assaults you’ve survived.
“The only breach that occurred was to the western wall and they were quickly dealt with. Unfortunately there were many who lost their lives, especially on our end. It was the only time our numbers were cut so great inside the city.
“They have attacked the northern wall only once before, but their numbers were almost double what they are now and they had more close combat types for when they break through. Yet they didn’t even put a dent in the perimeter in that attack, let alone have any success on that side. That is why I was having an uneasy feeling. Their attack didn’t make sense.”
General Rakkian sat forward. “I’m not sure I follow. What is it that doesn’t make sense? They’ll attack and we’ll stop them.”
Alex smiled and shook his head. “That’s just it. You are so caught up in the fight that you cannot see that they are just a flashy diversion.” The room became even more silent. It wasn’t difficult to speak clearly to Allahandra so his gaze remained on her. “I know you probably have your spies all around the lands and probably have some who have infiltrated Ra’van.” Her calm eyes said she did and that made it even easier to talk. “Since there are those who have items that seek liars, like Commander Yort, it has kept the city relatively secure, but I can guarantee that there are already Royal Guard inside the city this very moment.”
“How can you be so sure? We have a handful of other truth seekers, who like myself, can sift out the spies.” All attentions shifted to the mace wielding Commander Yort. His tone bordered on suspicion as he looked only at the queen’s newest vassal.
“I’m going back to the breach infiltration seven years ago.” A few intelligent commanders caught on because recognition flashed in their expressions. “The king isn’t a fool or else you would have won this fight by now. And I know when we were breached, that was when there were multiple infiltrators.” Alex then shifted his words to help others understand. “If I personally breached the walls and knew it was going to be a suicide mission, I would do anything to survive. But the brainwashed men who blindly follow Runkamon see it as a willing sacrifice. So if I was him and wanted to destroy the city he loathes, I would order any persons who breached the city to become a double agent. They could easily change into a dead man’s clothes and pretend to fight against his own comrades or feign an injury and be taken to our healers. During the turmoil and confusion of the fight, it would be all too easy to disguise myself amongst my enemy.
“After things ended and settled, I would do my best to gain the highest rank or gain the most wealth to accomplish the tasks I was issued, without raising suspicion, over a number of years would be the best option. My reputation and consistency would ease the guard’s attention and suspicion so I could smuggle information outside the city gates, without so much as a wave to everyone who saw and knew me. They see their orders to bring down a system such as Alluan’s as a sacrifice to their king and the people, no matter how many lives are taken or ruined. Seven years is plenty of time to make everyone believe I’m a brother and friend, rather than a long term spy.”
“What do you think their plan actually is? What will be the purpose of sending nine thousand soldiers for only a diversion?” Allahandra asked while leaning forward, lacing her fingers together atop the table.
He mimicked her movement and evened his tone. “You noticed the battalion coming because they’ve stayed together, moving slowly and they haven’t killed anyone yet. They know they’ll be wiped out eventually, but they are being ostentatious in their movements. They are showing you their large broadsword in their right hand, but you cannot see the dagger in their left because you’re only worried about the giant blade. Whoever the spy inside the city is, knows everything about it, by now. I’m certain of the fact. There would only be one logical solution to such a flashy diversion. They want to take out high priority targets while you’re looking away.”
Her tone was even as she asked “Since your short stay, what targets would you take out if you were the spy.”
Alex grabbed his staff and laid it flat on the table. Everyone needed to see his weapon was where they could see it. It would ease their minds. “The main targets I would aim for would be you, Allahandra; mainly. For the other targets I’d aim for would be Niranene and her healers and the top officials in this room. It would cause disarray and chaos to the lower ranks that need guidance to save the city. It would create a power vacuum and the result would be complete anarchy.” Marlin’s jaw muscles began clenching at the thought of someone harming Niranene or the other innocent people.
“If that is the case,” Allahandra began issuing orders. “then all healers should be spread throughout the city and have one guard assigned to them at all times. We cannot have them clustered together so they could be easily dispatched, if Alex’s worries become proven. They cannot be contained and localized by the healing center. As for Niranene…”
“I’ll protect her, right Alex?” Marlin stated which surprised everyone except for Lily and Alex. Alex nodded in conformation to let him do it.
Allahandra could see that Marlin would do anything to protect the head healer. “Since your leader has given permission I’ll allow it. Alright she will be in your hands until this crisis is at an end and I’d also wish to request Lily to aid you as well, Marlin. Will that be alright, Lily?” Lily’s shocked eyes sought Alex’s and then the queen’s.
With his approving smile Lily reluctantly said “I will not allow any harm to come to her.”
“As for the generals, keep five guards with you at all times and I’ll keep a minimum of twelve guards with me… Alex, what are you going to do?”
There were just a handful of things he was good at, but he did have an idea of how to use his skills effectively for his liege lord. “There is still more information we will need from this enemy force and I know how to get it.” Alex shifted his gaze to a grey bearded man with a thick neck. “Commander, you once told me you are the head of the stealth force.”
“That I am.” His deep and gravelly voice drawled. “What might you possibly need from me, young man?”
“Do you have any subordinates who have items that can disguise a large object or make it completely invisible to enemy eyes?” He asked while grasping the staff and bringing it back to his side.
“I have a small contingent who specialize specifically in that, but it depends on the size of the object that needs to be obstructed.”
“Can any of them hide an object like Shade? Along with themselves?”
The man’s closed his eyes and was silent for a moment. He opened them and said “I do, but they are twins who each have a cloak that can mimic a natural background; like a boulder, tree or high grass. What do you have in mind?”
He explained his plan to the gathered and the commander listened to every syllable uttered. The commander said they would be here as soon as they could.

For the next half hour Allahandra gave directives and finally closed the meeting with “We all have work to do. Get going and be safe.”
Everyone stood and left the room besides Allahandra, Lily, Marlin and Alex. “Alex, I hope you have a swift and safe journey. Take this and do not lose it. That is the seal for only those I trust completely. If you come across anyone reluctant to listen to your orders as my vassal, just show them this and they will instantly obey your command or else they will be punished.” The queen handed over a golden medallion from a pocket in her dress, with her crest engraved on it, as she began leaving for her room. “I’ll knock on your door and point for Shade to come out here.” And she disappeared behind the door to retrieve the younger brother.
Marlin and Lily looked worriedly at Alex and he said “Don’t worry too much about me. I’ll be back in two or three days at the latest.”
“Good luck, my friend. I need to get started on protecting Niranene. We’ll meet up later, Lily. I’ll explain the situation to her.” Marlin clasped their wrists quickly before walking out the door.
Lily and Alex were alone and the lamplight gave her an almost pained look. He could see she didn’t really want to go or leave his side. “Alex, I want you to promise me one thing. If you do something stupid and get yourself killed, please come back so I can kick you myself.” She half smiled.
“No matter what it takes I’ll always come back for you. Plus I want to see you in that dress again.”
She smiled slightly brighter and then punched his shoulder a little bit harder than was necessary. “I’ll see you soon and we’ll see about that gown some other time. I’d better catch up to Marlin before he gets too carried away protecting his little crush.”
As she left the room, Shade entered. He opened his wide mouth and yawned. “Is the meeting over already?” He asked while being half asleep.
“We have work to do, Shade. Follow me and I’ll tell you what happened and what we are going to do.”
By the time they made it to the castle entrance Alex had finished half of what went on inside the council meeting. They waited together in the darkness of the night while everyone was running in and out of the castle. They continued waiting for the others to arrive, but Alex had finished all of the explanations. Shade had some comments and his brother answered what he could and also listened to Shade’s simple, but effective ideas. When he heard of the upcoming plan Shade became excited to do his part.

An hour went by and then two women walked towards them. They were twins in their early forties and looked exactly alike. Both had cropped brown hair and light blue eyes. They each carried a rolled up cloth strapped to their back, but it was their items. Then when they began speaking they spoke together in a way that only twins could. They spoke simultaneously and even finished the other’s sentence. It was as if they were truly one mind with two bodies.
“Are you, Alex?” “Our commander sent us because you require our services and skills.” “What must be accomplished?” “What will be our tasks?”
They kept asking questions until he finally spoke. “Before anything, may I ask your names?”
They smiled simultaneously. The woman on the left said “No one calls us by our names.” Then the right one said “We are simply referred to as The Twins.” “Even our husbands call us such.”
Hesitantly he accepted that fact and said “I need to see if your items will keep Shade protected if needed.”
One sister unfurled her item and it was truly large, as large as the bed sheets in the room Allahandra gave them. She easily casted her item over Shade’s form and still had plenty of cloth to touch the ground, in a flared, spreading pattern. It was fascinating to watch as the item seemed to solidify into a unique shape. Soon there was a large boulder in the place where Shade once stood. The sisters caught his approving expression and explained. “Once the object is covered I choose an appropriate camouflage.” “When the shape is finished, it will not move from any outside forces.” “Neither wind nor contact from people can budge it.” “Our item is both defensive and a specialty.” “No one has ever been capable of distinguishing the difference between our cloaks and real natural objects.”
To test the theory he pushed against the fake rock and it felt too real. The grains had the appropriate coarse feel and coolness of the night would chill rocks to this extent. Alex then spoke to the rock cloak. “Shade, What is it like in there?”
“A little disorientating, your image is all warped. I’m glad I’ve got a strong stomach.” He admitted from inside the covering.
He turned to the ladies and addressed them. “Your skills will be invaluable to the success of this mission.” They grinned simultaneously.
The sister that used her item, touched it and it became malleable. She easily pulled it off of Shade’s body. He shook his head side to side and then grinned at Alex. He didn’t like being disoriented, but liked experiencing new things. The sister wrapped her item back up and tied it against her back once again.
Alex then began explaining the plan to the women and they were for it.
“Alright, up you go.” He said and their blue eyes bulged. “Oh that’s right, I forgot to mention it, but all of us are going to travel via Shadow Fang. I’ll help the two of you up.” They spent a few minutes discussing alternatives because they were reluctant to do it, but they had their orders to follow his command.
Finally he laced his fingers together and crouched down to gain a solid balance. Each woman put their right foot in his hands and he lifted them one at a time onto Shade’s back. They learned quickly where to sit on Shade and how to use their legs to maintain their balance.
“Alex, we need to get going.” Shade said looking towards the inner wall. He took his sibling’s advice and pulled the staff from his belt and walked by his side. The wall guards nodded and opened the gate to the castle.
Once outside the inner walls, they noticed that there were many people still awake at this hour. It wasn’t panic in the people’s expressions, it was more like a focused rush of everyone securing the city for the approaching threat.
Shade and Alex increased their pace into a swift trot as they rounded the wall while sticking to the road. They took multiple turns to go north. There weren’t any direct paths to Allahandra’s castle from any of the four main gates. Once they rounded the backside of the castle, they eventually found the main road leading north. There were more warriors on this road, but they moved out of their way as the four hurried past them. It then took close to an hour, at a steady jog, to reach the northern wall and get access to the main gate.
The wall was shimmering in an orange color from all the torches carried by everyone fortifying the wall. There were little less than a thousand battle hardened warriors lining the northern wall; from what could be seen. On the ground were two lines of men barring anyone from entering or exiting the closed door, without a proper reason or coming inside for safety.
Many men turned to them and one said “Halt!” Shade and Alex stopped as the man walked up to them. “I’m sorry, but no one is to leave through the gate without explicit authorization.” His eyes hung warily on Shade.
Alex dug in his pocket and pulled out the medallion Allahandra recently gave him. “This is my authorization. Open the gates immediately.”
The man leaned in to see what the boy held and then he balked once he recognized the royal seal on the medallion. He turned around and shouted “OPEN THE GATE!”
The men were hesitant until Alex showed them the new medallion. Already being in the queen’s service had its advantages. Soon the gate opened and it seemed reluctant to rise until more men turned the wheel. The guards parted as Shade and Alex quickly ran under it, once there was enough room to escape.
This side of the city also held a down drawbridge that allowed them to cross the moat. There were eight men guarding the outside gate and they put a fist to their heart as the four ran past. Once they hit the stone road Alex crammed himself on Shade’s back. He didn’t even hint that the combined weight was a hindrance. He moved onto the grassy bank and began streaking north at an incredible pace.
All of the farms had been picked clean, some piles of farmed vegetation had been smoldering after being lit and no one was out here.
The Twins were quiet and Alex had to reassure them that Shade wouldn’t allow anything to happen to them. They were used to riding horses, not monstrous Shadow Fang’s. Shade ran uninhibited as he blazed a trail directly north, across the clearing and raced through the woods that surrounded the city.

When daylight struck they were gifted with a northern breeze. Shade took advantage of it by using his great sense of smell. When there were any humans close by, he would give them a wide berth. They only stopped once to drink from a clean stream and eat some ripe berries that the sisters thought far ahead enough to bring. They gladly shared what they had. By the end of the racing day they found the front line of Allahandra’s troop when the forest thinned into another grassy plain. Their forces were still slowly falling back, keeping an eye on the enemy from the distance.
Alluan sentries spotted Shade’s swift approach and allowed them through their lines without much of a hindrance.
Two hundred were in the small group of soldiers. There was only a single tent and the rest of everyone made cooking fires out in the open. That medallion was highly useful to get passed the guards and invaluable to expediting his orders. Alex and the others were then escorted to the central tent.
They were quickly introduced to an older woman who was truly intimidating. She was the commander with menacing gauntlets over her hands and forearm. They entered her makeshift command tent, but Shade could only stick his head through the cloth opening. “So what is to be my orders, Master Alex?”
“Allahandra has ordered each member of this contingent back to the city immediately to bolster the city’s front line. And be sure that all of your men are accounted for and are who they say they are. The queen and her most loyal aids are checking all of the old records to see who survived the war from seven years ago. Check your men for spies and then make haste. And before we go I request that you please share some rations with Shade and the rest of us if it won’t be too much trouble.”
She nodded and began checking her men before departing, after bringing the four of them a proper meal. The twins remounted after eating and Alex ran at Shade’s side through the night. The commander said the enemy was close.

Three hours later they found what they were both looking for and dreaded. Off in the far distance waited the infiltrators glowing camp. They had to tread lightly from here on in.
Neither Shade nor Alex made a single sound as they approached the localized orange horizon. It was still close to midnight and the clouds aided their approach because the moon couldn’t aid their ability in being spotted. Shade and Alex began veering their course to the left side of the Royal Guard who were trying to harm good and decent people. The report was right about them sticking close together because even with the enormous numbers they only stayed together on three or four acres at most. No one could enter or leave the enemy camp without being spotted.
In the center of the camp stood a blood red cloth tent like the one they were in but a few hours ago. Several large catapults, trebuchets and ballistae could be seen within the camp, but they were all large items rather than creations.
They slowed even more as they continued making their stealthy approach. They stopped as they became as close as they could deem safe. Not a single noise could be made out on the plain, being this close, just incase someone could hear over the boisterous military. Alex helped the sisters down to the ground and they were both feeling the pressure of being so close to an army with only Shade and Alex backing them up for safety. The brothers promised that they would do anything it took to keep them alive.
Since Alex’s plan completely revolved around Shade’s innate ability, he began working while the other three set up a safe zone. Shade dove into his shadow and quickly entered the army camp, without raising a single alarm or eyebrow. During the night was the most effective because shadows constantly moved and flickered from firelight and he wouldn’t be easily noticed. Shade’s job was to gather information on the enemy numbers, what items they had with them and who this mysterious leader was. The Twins and Alex’s job was to make a safe zone and he was also the Twin’s protection.
The first priority for Alex was to keep an eye out as the women unfurled their items and set them up. Since they were only on open grasslands, they used small boulders for camouflage. They looked exactly like the other stones they’ve come across. They weren’t tall, but they were wide, weather beaten and small shards of rock were chipped around the main stones.
They gestured with hand motions, to limit any sounds. One sister lifted her item up and allowed Alex to slide under the cloak. She followed soon after and tucked the end into the soil. They then had to be completely silent until Shade reported back or something went wrong and they needed to take shelter under the cloth item.
Shade was right, it was disorienting inside the item. You could see outside, but it was like looking into a warped mirror. The Royal Guard’s fires and torches seemed to take on a winding S shape. Alex couldn’t stand it any longer so his eyes instinctively closed to cease straining and relax a coming headache. Since he couldn’t see straight his hearing was his best bet to detect any approaching intruders. It was easy to hear outside the item. The noises couldn’t be clearly identified, but it really was the chatter of several thousand, mainly male, voices.
The only comfort they had from the long ride was from the cool ground pulling their body heat away, but it didn’t freeze them.

Shade didn’t return until midmorning and the item was already sweltering under the constant barrage of the sun. Alex was beginning to worry about him because the Royal Guard had already picked up and began slowly moving south an hour ago. Shade walked right by the camouflaged base the Twins set up. But his voice was both irritated and tense. “Come on out, the coast is clear of all eyes.”
“He says it’s safe.” Alex told the women, who simultaneously and gratefully said “Finally.”
They both pulled their items from overhead and the outside air was much cooler than where they were hiding. Sunlight hurt the eyes, for a short amount of time until they adjusted. When his eyes focused he looked up at Shade.
Shade stood with his nose pointing where the intruders were heading. Eyes slit to glare into the distance. All of the hair on the back of his neck stood up on end and his lips were pulled back, revealing all of his dagger-like teeth. His muscles were quivering tightly because something was wrong. He wanted to kill something, but held himself back.
Alex stood up instantly and asked carefully “Shade, why are you so riled?”
He growled towards the distance and then composed his features as best he could manage. His voice was straining like he wanted to scream or fight. “Alex, I was able to get a glimpse of their plans and you were right. They are being a diversion, but…” He growled again, deep in his chest. “They are being led by your cousin, Rakkel.”
Heart and body froze inside Alex like he was dipped in the iciest of waters. It couldn’t be, it couldn’t? Why would he do such a thing… and then Alex remembered Takka saying that his cousin was given special orders to proceed to Ra’van. These orders he was given were for his cousin to attack his new family. Shade seemed to read Alex’s expression as he answered his unspoken worry. “I’ll never forget his scent or that snide face. I’d never make a sick joke like that. It really is him. He is our enemy yet again.”
“Shade, we will need to report this to the queen, immediately.”
“I wasn’t even planning on stopping. Get on and we’ll pass them within the hour.” Shade became motionless, but anxious worry filled his eyes.
“Ladies, we need to go now. Shade got what we needed and it’s not good.”
Once they were all secure, Shade pumped his powerful legs and shot through the plains. The wind was fierce because of how fast he was running. Shade ran around the intruders so they wouldn’t be spotted, but even if they did, they couldn’t stop Shade’s speed, not when he was like this. Nothing was faster than a Shadow Fang on a mission, especially when angry. He now ran on both. Alex wanted to know what exactly he found, but right now his brother needed focus and to move.

They made it back to the castle just before the sun set on the horizon, without breaking the first time. The guards saw their hurried approach and opened the gates without slowing them. Shade was panting heavily as they made it under the gate. Alex slid off his back, but the twins remained on their perch.
There were many anxious faces at the gate when Shade stopped to allow Alex to speak. “I need all non-vital personnel to find all available commanders and generals. If they are busy doing important work let them be, but if they aren’t tell them to meet me in the queen’s war room immediately. Tell them, Alex has vital information they must hear and they must hear it at once!”
As Shade and Alex ran together, the men followed his orders and fanned out into the city. They rounded many buildings and entered the inner gate of the castle. The Twin’s got off Shade’s back with Alex’s help. They followed Shade and him into the castle, without slowing either down. On the nineteenth floor they were stopped by the guards because they didn’t know the twins. There wasn’t time to waste so Alex said coolly “Alright then.”
 He took a deep breath and shouted down the hall “Allahandra! It’s Alex! Tell your guards to allow us passage! I have The Twins with me who will back my report for you!”
The sound of a door echoed off the walls from opening swiftly and it was followed by “Let them through!” Weapons were lowered so they passed the queen’s guards and rounded the corner to see triple the guards standing against the outside wall. They all looked at them with a calm hand on their items. Allahandra’s head was sticking out of the door and expression was calm. “Come inside quickly.”
Inside the war room stood large guards who were posted in each corner. Allahandra quickly accessed their exhausted physical state and told them to sit. She left the room while Shade laid heavily on the cool marble floor while panting, tongue lolling off the side of his jaw. The Twins and Alex sunk in the chairs, grateful to finally be able to stop and rest. Allahandra came back in with her item case. She laid it on the table next to her vassal and opened it without pause. She grabbed a small scalpel and said “This will sting, but it will both cool you off and turn a small portion of your natural body fat into stamina. It will be like getting your second wind back.”
She suddenly stabbed his thigh with the item and it did pinch, but he felt his body cooling rapidly and some strength returning. Alex’s mind felt calmer and sharper after her item took effect. She pulled the scalpel out of his leg and it didn’t have a single drop of his blood on the blade. It was like it never entered his body.
Her scalpel cut the sturdy pants, but the skin didn’t have a cut or a drop of blood from the penetration.
She then jabbed the twins also. He could tell they felt like he did, relieved.
Allahandra then returned the item into the case and asked “I cannot help Shade because of his armor and I doubt he’d consent to being poked in the eye.”
Shade didn’t mind cooling off naturally. He thanked her for offering to help though. He really didn’t want to be stabbed in the eye or in the nose.
“Any better?” She asked and all said their thanks. And she sighed with a pleased smile. “Alright, now tell me what you’ve learned.”
“First Shade needs to rest and I also called another council meeting. More officials are on their way as we speak. It seems like my suspicions were correct about there being a hidden agenda. I will translate what he saw soon enough. He has ran all day without taking a break and needs to relax.” Allahandra nodded and quietly sat in her throne.
All Alex knew was that his cousin was leading the assault and there was going to be justice had. Now how will everyone take knowing that my cousin is the leader of this army? He wondered.
It seemed like his blood was doomed to turn out bad.
Alex’s cousin was insane and he also shared relations to King Runkamon. What could be worse than being related to two mindless murderers?





Chapter 24

While they waited for some high ranking officials to join the meeting Alex calmly asked Allahandra “Did you find anything worthwhile in my absence? Did any of my suggestions become reality?”
She smiled knowingly. “Actually we have uncovered a few details. And you were on to something we all had missed. I’ve had only my most eldest aids, who worked for my father, help me in searching through many documents and ledgers for any spies who entered our city around seven years ago. We have already found two suspected spies and one that is confirmed. He has been imprisoned and Commander Yort is interrogating the man personally as we speak. The latest report I’ve gotten said that he did have accomplices, but as of yet we don’t have a name. Plus we know he was funneling information out of the city from another mystery person in a reasonably high station.”
A moment later the commander of the stealth force entered the hall first. He spotted his subordinates and walked over to them. “Twins! It is good to see that you both returned safely. How did things fare?”
The twins began speaking in their unique way again. “There were many royals.” “But it was the swiftest we’ve ever traveled.” “No steed could ever match the speed of the Shadow Fang.” “Unfortunately there were too many troops, but we don’t know any more than seeing the standing military force with our own eyes.” “We don’t know any other details, Commander.”
“Find a seat, Commander. You look like you need to catch your breath as well. We will convene the meeting shortly.” Allahandra stated calmly from her throne, clasping her hands together again.
After he sat down, another commander entered.
Half an hour later, more commanders entered the war room and soon General Rakkian entered the silent room alone. He spotted Alex first and foremost, his dark eyes began searching the new warrior and was confirmed with a sharp nod. He was silently asking if they found something important.
He stopped to speak after the doors closed. “Your Majesty, this is everyone that could come on such short notice. I’ve left Maiot to attend to my troops until I get back. And as of yet, the informant has yet to give up any more details.”
Alex looked up at the queen as she stood. “Everyone, Alex has returned, as you can see, and there is a report from Shade. The floor is yours, gentlemen.”
His head turned in Shade’s direction and Alex saw that he had finally cooled off because he no longer panted and was breathing normally. His golden eyes met grey and took a deep breath before standing up. He had worked so hard these past two days and his muscles were fatigued. He finally made it to his paws and walked between the queen’s side and his brother’s, nails tapping on the marble surface. “Is it time, Alex?” he nodded. “Alright, tell them everything I say; word for word.” He then sat on his haunches.
Alex looked to the twenty gathered officials and said “Shade says ‘When I entered the enemy camp last night I counted their numbers first. I counted nine thousand three hundred and eleven troops, all prepared to do as commanded. Eight thousand and three are carrying explosive or destructive siege type items. There are seven hundred who have long range weapons, but they are only to protect the siege users. There were few specialists and the rest were healers. In the middle of the camp was a lone tent. I entered it last and found that Alex’s intuition was correct. There is another story besides the attack, a deeply hidden one.
“‘I found out that the leader of the military contingent was an old enemy of ours. It is Alex’s cousin, Rakkel’.” General Rakkian had instant recognition and anger filled his expression. Rakkian also wanted revenge for what happened to his late commander and dear friend. Alex then resumed speaking for Shade. “‘I couldn’t take him out because he was surrounded by guards and even if I could, it’s against my policy to strike when my opponent’s back is turned. I needed to bide my time so I waited underneath their strategic table. Unfortunately I cannot understand human language so I cannot reiterate what I’ve heard from them, but the information I’ve found will be worth all the food I could eat in a year; maybe even more.
“‘When Rakkel and his personal guard left the tent for a brief period of time I pulled out of my shadow, just high enough to look atop the table. I was safe for only a few moments, but I’ve learned what they have planned, to an extent. In those plans, were orders to cause a large scale distraction. During the assault there is someone on the inside of the city that is going to do something unprecedented. Apparently there is something this person is supposed to smuggle out of the city and it could strain or even destroy Freelan’s structure and its will to continue the good fight. What could be smuggled that could have that kind of potential, Allahandra’?”
She looked at Shade and her brow furrowed. Then Alex told Shade what she said by looking up at him. “Allahandra says she hasn’t a clue, but she will have everyone available search everywhere for something that could cause such a devastating problem.”
Then the twins recounted what they saw and were dismissed back to their stations to get some needed rest. They earned it.
“Alex,” his gaze shifted to Rakkian. “ask Shade if he knows how or where this person might exit the city with this important object.”
Shade gave his answer and Alex passed it along. “He says he doesn’t know, it wasn’t on the documents he saw, but he wants to know if he did well on the infiltration and information gathering.”
The dark, angry face softened into a calm smile. He stood and walked over to Shade and patted his broad neck. “The information you found will be of great aid. None could have accomplished such a task so flawlessly and come back unscathed. Now we have something we can work with. You did very well, Shade.” Alex translated and Shade almost purred in gratitude and pleasure.
Soon after, Rakkian returned to his seat as Allahandra stood and began issuing orders. “I want everyone to keep the bulk of this information classified. I do not want to alert this spy that we’ve collected such unique information. Tell only the other top commanders, no lieutenants, captains or any lower must know these details. I also want them and you to tell the subordinates to search for something one could easily smuggle out of the city. If it has some form of great value check it out and report back. If you believe it can destabilize my land and my people, send me a report once you receive it. Whatever this object is, I need to know about it. Plus I still want all high priority targets guarded unless otherwise told by me.” She pointed to the door and said “Get on it and keep the chatter down to a minimum. You are all dismissed.”
Everyone inside the chamber quickly left. Allahandra whispered into Rakkian’s ear just before he departed. Once Shade and Alex were alone with the queen, not including the four guards in the corner, she spoke calmly. “Alex, I want to thank both you and Shade for such a difficult task. I will have a large meal brought up for the two of you. Please just relax. You’ve both earned it.”
Allahandra walked over to the closet on the wall and opened it. Inside were many items and most belonged to specialists who use information that can travel distances. She found a mirror that was both small and square. She flicked a corner of the reflective item and a different image appeared in the mirrors reflection; it was a young man’s face. Allahandra said “I need a large meal brought into the council chamber room for two of my guests. Tell Mistress Marge it’s for Alex and Shade.”
“Aye, Your Majesty.”
She flicked the corner again and the face disappeared. She replaced the item in the cabinet and closed the doors. Her dark eyes met gold and grey and she said “Alex, I’m afraid I must retire for the night. Please rest well and I shall see you in the morning.” She then walked to the back door, intent to leave them alone, but she was too awake to sleep just yet. The information caused her great worry. It looked like she was contemplating many things at once, but she shook her head just before the door closed behind her.

Thirty minutes later Mistress Marge entered the room and Shade stood up again. She brought them both a large meal. Shade and Alex began eating as she left. Both ate their fill and then just a little more. They were both too hungry to enjoy the meal, but it did satisfy their bodies.
Just before they retired for the night they both entered their room and eased themselves in the warm pool of water. Tension and the accumulated stress in their muscles were eased thanks to the blissful liquid. Heat from the water loosened their fatigue. Once they were both comfortably relaxed Alex helped clean Shade from all the hard work and washed accumulated grime and dirt from his coat.
Shade and Alex both soon crashed into the bed with complete exhaustion. It was a close call for who began sleeping first. It felt great to relax after such a hard run and ride, but it was clear for the moment and they could sleep restfully.

During a dreamless sleep Alex felt a strange and comfortable sensation. Something was touching his left hand as he slept on his belly. Whatever it was, felt both rough and smooth at the same time. Then he smelled something different in the room that was usual. A smell that reminded him of home. It was slightly salty, but there was a warm sweetness to the scent. It was the subtle scent of a sea breeze. His mind slowly began working again.
Grey eyes opened slowly and searched the left side of the room. A strand of raven black hair disrupted his sight and was moved with the tuck of the thumb behind an ear. A faint glimmer of white took the hair’s place. The shimmering white led to a beautiful face, with amethyst irises calmly connecting with his. Alex’s brain sped up once he realized it was Lily.
Turning on his side, he smiled, without disturbing the hand she was touching. His voice was still both weak and groggy. “Lily? What time is it?”
She smiled and spoke with a rich and smooth voice. “Do not fret, it is only a few short hours until dawn.” Her eyes moved from his face to his chest. He didn’t realize that he had forgotten to put on a fresh tunic, but at least he was wearing pants. She smiled as their eyes connected once again. “I just received word that you made it back to the city and I had to trade shifts with another guard before I could come here and check on you. You seem alright.”
A yawn couldn’t be held back. “Our trip was successful and I’ll tell you about it later, but first tell me what I’ve missed since my departure.”
She shifted her bottom on the bed so she could see him better and he noticed she was wearing one of her old sets of clothes. “Well… Marlin sticks as close to Niranene as he can without getting in her way. When she works on patients he stays back a safe distance, but he is very protective of her. The only time he was away was when I told him to take a restroom break.
“Niranene has issued all of her healers into strategic points in the city, but she stays within the healer’s building. She continues to treat those who have more critical injuries and cannot be moved elsewhere. I’ve seen her items and they are different. In her bottles are pills that have different properties. Sometimes she grinds up different proportions of pills to change the result. She’ll put the powder in water and make them drink it. It was fascinating to see how quickly they became effective. Oh and once the pills or the powdered liquid entered the body it worked almost instantly. I’ll explain more on that later though.
“I was also the guard of Niranene and there wasn’t anyone who came close to her unless they were a critically injured patient. Other than that, things were relatively calm and quiet around here.”
“Thank you for the update, Lily.” He yawned again.
“I’m sorry for waking you. I just wanted to see if you were alright. Now that I have, you can go back to sleep. Good night and I’ll see you in the morning.”
When she stood up their hands disconnected. He wanted her to stay, but too tired to voice an opinion. As the door closed his mind drifted back to sleep. Alex began dreaming that Lily had stayed.

Sunlight flashed across his face and bring him back to consciousness. It was a sure sign that they completely overslept and it was now in the afternoon. The room felt cooler than it did when he first collapsed. It probably rained. Getting out of the warm and comfortable bed was one of the hardest things to accomplish. He mindlessly shaved and attired new clothes that were inside the closet. Once all of his preparations were complete the next job was unavoidable.
He had to wake Shade up with a poke of the staff.
Once he finished grumbling and stretching Shade followed Alex into the war room. When they arrived they weren’t alone.
Allahandra, Lily, Marlin, Mistress Marge and the surprise guest Niranene sat in the room, talking idly. The room held a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere; it felt like things had settled down. On the table were hundreds of scattered documents and the serving tray that belongs to Mistress Marge.
“Well look who finally woke up!” Marlin stated as he sat between Lily and Niranene. Everyone’s eyes turned upon the brothers. “Your snoring could have shaken the foundation to pieces, Alex.” He then began smiling.
“The two of you must have been more tired than I originally judged.” Allahandra conceded. “But I’m glad to see you rested. Come sit, have a meal.”
“Gladly.” Alex said with a simultaneous yawn.
He took his usual seat between Allahandra and Lily. Lily smiled and mock punched his shoulder. “Don’t worry about telling me about your trip. Allahandra filled me in.” As Lily spoke the head mistress pulled out a cooked goat with a sweet stuffing specifically for Shade. He started salivating before she and Marlin even sat it on the floor. “What I want to know is how we should proceed with your cousin. What do we do if we find him?” Lily stated tactfully.
Silently contemplated what should happen didn’t take long for him. He was lost in his thoughts until a tray of food was laid in front of him. “Thank you.” He said behind himself and grabbed the mug. The cool water was just what was needed for his body. His eyes eventually sought Lily’s.
“Honestly I’m clueless as to what should be done. If he continues with his mindless escapade, more people will only end up being hurt. If he dies in this fight then so be it, but if he runs who can catch him? With his item, he can hear over vast distances and use the sounds to find a safe route to escape. If he was captured he should be put on trial for all his crimes against good people and judged accordingly.”
“Alex,” Allahandra whispered, gaining his attention. “if he is captured you know our laws, but if you want a trial instead of an arbiter, I’ll put one together. That is if he isn’t killed in battle.” Her expression was tense.
“Thank you.”
Halfway through his meal Alex looked to his left. “How have things been going, Niranene? Is Marlin keeping you good company?”
Her innocent and petite expression widened and flared three shades of red. She then looked into her lap and whispered “Aye, he is good company.” Then her features shifted from a bashful woman into the head healer of this city. “If I understand it, you have overslept today. Marlin had told me that you have never slept that long before. Apparently you are a light sleeper. If you don’t mind my asking, how are you feeling?”
He scratched his jaw saying “I’m fine. I only slept so long because staying up almost three solid days took its toll. There is nothing you need to worry about. That is, even if your item could work on me it would say I’m healthy.”
She smiled, but Allahandra interjected. “What do you mean, if?”
With the help of Lily and Marlin they explained how some items worked on Alex while others are rendered useless.

After the meal was completely finished Allahandra told Alex about some of the reports she’s received. There were some people that became overzealous in their search in the smuggling hunt, but no one was harmed. She had checked her coffers for something of value, but those were only price worthy objects and wouldn’t cause the alliance to break down. There were a few reports of unique objects, but none of them were verifiable at this time. She ended her report saying “It is really annoying to try and find an object you know nothing about, but I’ll find it for sure. You can be sure of that.”
“Alex,” Lily started up another conversation. “will it be permissible to trade my obligations away from Niranene?”
The mood of the room shifted and he said. “I don’t see why not, but if I may ask, what are you going to do?”
Lily’s voice became as unreadable as her expression. “Actually I plan on staying by your side. You have no one to guard your back besides Shade. And you carry a staff, a normally nonlethal weapon. A lot of people are uncomfortable around either one of us, even if they do remain polite. Would it be alright?”
Alex’s eyes remained stunned as Lily remained expressionless. What is she planning? What could she possibly want to protect me from? She now had that proud warrior look to her again. He noticed. If he were to have said something along those lines to her he’d be blushing if not bruised and beaten. It was like she was suppressing something in her words, but he couldn’t tell what it was.
“That will be more than acceptable, Lily.” He said and then the playful edge to the queen’s interruptive tone brought him out of his mental stupor. “Since you and Shade have done so much, I’d like to know what your next move will be.” Though she asked that question she was smiling at the two mischievously.
Things were silent for several minutes while he methodically sought for an answer to her question and not her expression. “Actually, I’d like to assist your warriors on the northern gate. Maybe I could help with something like fortifying the wall and gate. I need to work with my hands. It might help clear my head and be able to better process the cryptic information Shade found.”
“Do what you can. Oh and keep my medallion on you at all times. Right now I have something to do.” She arose and left through the double doors. All of the outside guards encircle around her as the doors were shut.
“Marlin, we must also go. I have to do my rounds.” Niranene said and Alex’s friend seemed delighted. Marlin was entranced by her.
“Hey Marlin, can you help me for a moment?” He turned to look at Alex as he stood up and pulled out the golden medallion from his pocket. “Can you use your hook to put a hole in the top of this for me?”
“I don’t see why not, gold is especially soft.”
Marlin caught the circular metal in the air and pulled on his collapsed item. He pulled the three pronged hook along with three feet of line. He placed the hook on the floor and the top of the medallion was placed over one of the hooks barbed prongs. With a quick and powerful stomp, the softer gold was instantly pierced by the hook. He lifted the hooked medallion and caught it. The barb flattened and the medallion easily slid out. “Here you go.” And he tossed it back to Alex. The hole was the perfect size. Then the line retracted the hook back to a resting position.
“I have been invited to the evening meal.” Niranene said for Alex. “We will see you later tonight. I hope we can become good friends, Alex. And I cannot forget about the marvelous Shade. He is a rare creature that I must study while the chance is available to me.” His ears perked from the sound of his name. He then smiled at her. She blinked at him for a moment. “I’m sorry, but my duties cannot wait much longer.”
She left the room with Marlin following suit.
“So what’s on our list for today, Alex?” Lily asked with a rosy smile.
“We are going to see where they could use assistance. But first I need to string this onto a thong.”
Before the three of them left the palace he found a leather string from his pack and threaded it through the medallion. After that, he hung it around his neck, tucked it under his tunic and departed.

The three made it to the northern gate and on the enormous stone wall, waited the busy warriors. The main gate was closed and barricaded from the inside, but there were still three lines of guards blocking anyone who might want to leave. Every warrior’s eyes focused on their approach, but said nothing.
Just before they stopped, Alex’s eyes caught sight of a familiar item on top of the wall. There were three hooked claws on top of each hand. He took a deep breath and called out to him. “Captain Maiot, can we come up!?”
Extremely dark eyes searched until he found them in the middle of the road. He gave a half smile and ordered his men. “Allow them passage.”
The guards moved away and showed them the way to ascend up the wall. There was a semi-large stone staircase which they used to reach the top of the wall. They had to walk in a line up the stairs, but up here, ten men with their arms stretched out still couldn’t touch the others fingertips. There was much room and it was needed. The entire northern side was lined with guards and weapons, waiting for the inevitable battle to ensue.
Many heads turned in their direction, but everyone remained at their posts.
Maiot met up with Lily, Alex and Shade, looking calm and sure. “What brings all of you up here? Do you need the general for something?”
Alex smiled, shifting his weight. “I was wondering if we could do something to help. Where do you think we could be of use?”
He grinned. “We can use all the able bodies we can. Follow me and I’ll put you to work, ya.” He turned and they followed.

Over the next seven days several things have happened.
After Captain Maiot gave them something to do, Alex helped the men fill up the oil cauldrons and set them up atop the wall, ready to be lit and poured into the moat should the enemy get too close. Someone made a special leather harness for Shade so he could assist with pulling heavy objects up onto and along the top of the wall. With Shade’s help they pulled large chunks of stone onto the wall. They would be ammunition for the few people who also have extremely large items such as their own catapults, ballistae and trebuchets. There were even a few strange item users who could shrink the stones and throw them and once the stone leaves the item they grow into its original size and crush the enemy.
Everyone appreciated the support and especially Shade’s strength.
The captured spy didn’t give up any more information about who his accomplice was; even till the day he died. During a break in the interrogation process, the man somehow managed to bite off his own tongue without making a single sound. When the interrogators returned they found his lifeless body.
The hunt for the special item still remained elusive to all. There was one artifact that the queen inherited from her forefathers, but it was just too enormous to move. Allahandra was getting frustrated on what it could be; just like the rest of them were, but she still hasn’t given up on finding it yet. Whatever this thing is, it must have a deep rooted meaning, but being blind to its presence left everyone’s stomach knotted in difficult ways.
Lily rarely strayed from Alex’s side once they exited the castle. She was telling him about a new book she has been studying from the queen’s extensive archive. There was a lot of military tactics and jargon that she was explaining. He didn’t find her explanations relevant, but he did love hearing the sound of her voice. He missed her humming most of all. It felt good to have her talking comfortably rather than go insane when she becomes quiet.
Two nights ago they saw their first glimpse of the orange light. It was off in the far distance, at the very edge of the forest. Everyone was preparing for the unavoidable battle. The drawbridge was raised and everyone took defensive positions. Weapons were prepped and ready and the oil had been set to boil.
All day today Shade, Lily and Alex watched from above the outer wall as the intruders slowly approached, but stayed just out of range for the night, preparing themselves for the morning fight.

It was a few hours after midnight while the three of them carefully watched the stationary contingent, from high above the siege walls. The nine thousand fighters stayed just out of the city’s weapons range, but only just. The city was on high alert and everyone was on lockdown until the threat could be eliminated.
“It’s the calm before the storm, ya.” Alex almost yelped at hearing a voice come from behind. The city and everyone were quiet, which made his voice carry. They turned around to find General Rakkian standing behind them. “No matter how many battles I’ve been in, this feeling still puts an ache in my belly. On the other hand, it lets you know that the threat is real and your about to put your life on the line for something you believe in.”
“Truer words have never been spoken.” Lily admitted with a dazzling smile. “Is there something we could help you with, General?”
“Not really. I just needed to take my mind off the battle that will rage when the sun burns the sky, ya. We can all barely see in this wretched night so they will wait until morning to increase their accuracy.” It was strange because Alex could clearly see them, even in this minimal amount of light.
They all turned to stare down at the enemy camp and Rakkian leaned against the walls ledge. All remained quiet and even Shade didn’t have anything to say. Alex couldn’t tolerate the silence any longer. “Rakkian, could you tell me what it was like being under my uncle’s command? I have only seen him as my uncle and never a warrior, like you have.”
An honest and nostalgic smile appeared on his dark skin. “That I can do,” For the next hour or so he told them what it was like serving under Gambit the Red Soil. Apparently Gambit was a risk taker like Alex, but he always pulled through his missions somehow. In Gambit’s entire career against the king, he had only lost ninety one men in battle. Rakkian was still in awe on how he could do such feats. The general said he has over twenty scrolls filled with the names of those who’ve lost their lives under his command, in the attempt of freeing the people.
And then somehow Rakkian began speaking on a different topic altogether. He seemed to like to talk and was actually gifted in telling stories in detail. This one was about his closest subordinates and cherished friends. Apparently Rakkian rescued Captain Maiot from a raid when he was just a boy. Maiot and Gyro have been almost inseparable as long as the general has known them and they work together like no other in his entire force. And his third officer, Gyro, was the next topic he spoke of fondly. He explained on how they became comrades about six and a half years ago. Apparently he was critically injured and took a long time to heal after the battle in which the walls were breached. From the descriptions he gave them, Gyro was in bad shape from that fight.
Things became quiet again and Alex watched the enemy camp. Even from the distance he saw a change in the enemy. He saw everyone standing, almost as one. “General, they are all getting up!”
He took Alex’s words seriously, even if he couldn’t see what the young Furion could. He took a deep breath and shouted. “Everyone! Prepare for battle! Light the missiles and…”
Instantly everyone on alert and setting up for the battle. The siege weapons were already preloaded and everyone was brandishing their items.
Suddenly there was a horn being blown from the enemy camp.
The battle was underway.
Shade, Lily and Alex were of no use on the wall because they were all close range fighters and they needed long and midrange fighters up on the wall. They then ran to the center of the northern road and stood behind the now seven thick lines of tense warriors.
Suddenly there was a simultaneous flash of light with the sound of an explosion. Something powerful struck the outer wall, but the fortification didn’t even shake. That was a great relief. There were orders shouted from officers and groups of warriors were running over to different areas. Then there were explosions only they were further away. Freelan was fighting back.
The calm was over. The tempest was here.

Ten minutes after the battle began all watched as General Rakkian jumped off the top of the wall. Everyone moved away for some reason. Many were afraid he was knocked off from such a deadly height, but the way he moved said otherwise. His body looked calm and sure, rather than frightened as he plummeted to the solid ground. Just before he made a solid impact with the road he brought his fists forward. His enormous arm muscles were perfectly straight and his gauntlet covered fists were clenched. It reminded Alex when they first had their skirmish and he tried punching the ground. The multitude would soon see what Rakkian was planning.
The moment his fists impacted the road, the ground rippled it a wave and caught him safely. Suddenly the entire ground beneath everyone’s feet began shaking. The general’s gauntlets could actually create earthquakes.
Alex barely managed to maintain his balance from the tremors, but some of the men around him weren’t so lucky and ended up on their rear ends. Shade growled at nothing except the ground because he didn’t like the feeling of the ground shaking. Lily had both of her swords drawn as she stood by Alex’s side, completely composed.
Rakkian then shouted, gauntlets still submerged in the road. “Don’t be afraid! My item is doing more damage to our enemies outside!” His words were true because all could faintly hear screams from the men outside the gate and the rumbling sound was greater out there too.
A few seconds later the ground stopped shaking and the general stood and ran back up on top of the wall. Many expected him to do it again, but Alex realized it sometimes take longer for certain items to recharge their effects. It would have to if Rakkian’s items were as powerful as he imagined.

For the next fifteen minutes the fight continued and Alex had the growing feeling that he knew something definitive now.
Something had formulated in his mind, but it wasn’t fully concluded. Like a puzzle, all the pieces were there, it had to be put together. He focused on everything that he’s learned thus far. First, this battle was an obvious distraction for something bigger. Next, there was something that could be detrimental to Freelan once it was stolen and snuck out of the city. Finally, there was something in the general’s earlier stories that made Alex think, but what could it be? He turned it over in his mind for several minutes. It was something he said…
Alex’s head jerked up when he figured everything out and it now made complete sense. And once he did have the answer, his heart began pounding once again. It wasn’t a thing they were after, it was a person. Heat began rolling off of him. It wasn’t just any person. His body began getting stronger and swifter. It was a person only a select few could get to. Things began to slow down in his vision. It wasn’t just one, but two traitorous spies.
He turned to a scared Lily once she saw his furious expression. He grabbed her hips and put her on Shade’s back in under a second, making sure his burning skin didn’t harm her. Shade was instantly alerted to his brother’s state and his ears flattened against his head and a growl escaped his teeth.
He had to slow his voice down because when he spoke the first time it was too quick for his brother to understand. “Shade, we need to hurry back to the castle!” Alex then gave him a quick reason why.
Shade launched himself down the road at his swiftest. His large muscles powered him forward at an amazing speed, but Alex had to slightly slow himself down so they could run together. They were running so quickly that anyone they could see only saw a dark flash from their perspectives.
Lily screamed and her words seemed to drag in his racing mind. “Alex, what is happening!?”
Long strides remained uninterrupted as he ran parallel with Shade. “We need to get to Allahandra! She is the key to the distraction and we need to get to her! It may already be too late!”
Not a second later Alex watched as Lily cut a shallow wound in her forearm. She pressed her crescent blade to the oozing blood and kept it there. He watched as the blade drank the blood of its master and grew into a crescent bladed sword that was nearly half as tall as she. She removed the blade from her arm and flipped it backwards, into a defensive position as she expertly rode on Shade’s back.

They rounded the corner of the inner wall to see it opened and were horrified to find twelve guards dead inside the queen’s open courtyard. Some were disemboweled and some were flattened with what looked like spikes had driven through them. Blood was everywhere, but the problem was that the dead guards were killed where they stood. They knew their attackers personally.
They couldn’t waste time; they had to get to the nineteenth floor. Shade and Alex leapt over the corpses and into the castle. Together they ran up the spiral stairwell and found several strewn bodies as they raced to be in time. The kills were no more than three or four minutes old. They ran to the highest floor in under a minute.
Once they reached the floor Alex saw the same piercing spikes lining only the bottom of the flooring and the four initial guards were already dead, but only by a minute. Some lifeless bodies continued to twitch. We might make it, he thought.
They shot down to the corner of the hall and there were scorch marks on the walls and more crushed bodies. the guards fought back, but didn’t eliminate the enemy.
At the sound of a terrifying scream they raced for the double doors.
With a single forceful kick Alex shattered both doors inside the war room. Everyone in the room had died except for three standing figures.
Inside the room of six dead guards stood Gyro and Maiot.
They were holding Queen Allahandra by her arms, struggling for freedom.
They were the traitors!





Chapter 25

All three heads jerked in the same direction, once they heard the shattering of the doors that were kicked from their hinges. The room was strewn red with the blood of the fallen guards. The green room was slung with gore and chunks of flesh. Gyro had his shield strapped to his back while holding Allahandra securer than Maiot. There wasn’t time to think after the queen shrieked “ALEX! HELP!!!”
Maiot struck the back of her neck and she went instantly limp, her ornate dagger falling to the ground with a crisp clang. She was now completely helpless. Gyro hoisted the unconscious queen over his large shoulder. A familiar presence came running up on his left, but it was a furious presence that was twin to Alex’s.
Shade roared as he launched himself into the room at the same time that Alex did. He barred his fangs and coated all of his claws with clear neurotoxin. Together they landed on the engraved table at the same time and charged to rescue the queen before something worse happens.
Suddenly Gyro encased himself in his item. He made a perfect sphere as he shielded himself and Allahandra from her rescuers. They made it across the table before Maiot could even blink. As Shade slammed into Gyro’s sphere, Lily launched herself at Maiot just as Alex did. He swung his staff from one side, just as Lily swung her enormous crescent sword from the other.
Maiot brought both of his clawed arms up and Alex watched as his claws cut through the air, but as his swing connected with the air current, it was stopped suddenly. Even with his newfound strength Alex’s strike was nullified. What did his item just do? Lily was faced with the same problem because her curved long-sword stopped just as suddenly.
Lily yelled “Alex, save the queen! I’ll deal with this once and for all!” he knew her strength better than anyone and she could deal with this opponent. Alex jerked back as she brought her other sword out and began fighting for real.
He departed from one fight and joined another.
Shade kept trying to bite and slice his way into the ball without any apparent effect. Suddenly spikes shot from the surface of the metal sphere and Alex realized it was Gyro who made those crushing spikes that killed everyone in his path.
The spikes tried spearing Shade, but were rendered ineffective by his impenetrable fur. Shade managed to grab a spike with his teeth, but before he could do anything the spiked sphere began rolling. “Shade, Move!” he listened to Alex’s command just as a spike came close to penetrating his eyes and pinning him underneath the deadly sphere.
Alex ran for the open door, knowing that Gyro was planning to escape with his prize, but he had a plan already in mind to get through the ultimate defense. As he rounded the corner, Gyro’s spiked ball crashed into the wall and the young Furion saw how the spikes could be changed to alter direction and roll in another direction without stopping. His sphere was wide enough to fit through the hall, but he couldn’t spike the side walls or else he would stop himself.
Above the sphere and between the spikes Shade, remained fighting for the queen’s sake. They had become friends and he understood what would happen if they lost her. He was committing himself to the kill, while trying to break through.
With the spiked ball rolling in his direction Alex sprinted down the hall and took the stairs, thirty at a time, even running on the walls at times. Just as he made it to the bottom of the first floor Shade’s fighting snarls, curses and roars sounded from up above and he also heard the spiked item rolling down the stairs at a swift pace. He then ran for the mouth of the palace.
Alex stopped cold in the center of the courtyard, making sure the area was free of any and all obstacles. Gyro would have to go through him to escape. There was only one move that could work against Gyro’s item. He just hoped his secretive training had paid off.
Slowing his breathing calmed many thoughts and focused on the immediate task while his heart pounded furiously in his chest. Calmed, his mind centered the clear core of his being. Alex knew the stance and moves by heart now, after all the practicing. The only capable technique in his arsenal was from the woman who also carried a staff. He planted his right leg so it could support the explosive move. His left leg moved back at the same time his right arm did. Tightly grasping the center of the staff horizontally, with the knot aiming behind him, he readied for the conflict. Alex needed to minimize the surface area of the impact if he had a hope of a chance.
Once the stance was finished the crashing sound of the sphere and the destruction of tables announced Gyro’s location in the main hall, as it rolled for the exit. It seemed to fly as the sphere jumped out of the castle’s mouth.
Alex knew Gyro could see him through his item because he was immediately charged. He cleared the stairs and Shade wasn’t far behind, still filled with rage. The younger sibling was fighting with all he had, but it wasn’t enough to scratch the spherical shield layered in spikes.
The sphere continued to close the distance. And when it was within perfect range… Alex struck.
Judging where Gyro might be inside his bubble of protection, Alex altered his staff in that direction, then began the instantaneous series of twisting and thrusting movements. His bare left foot spun counterclockwise and it twisted its energy up the muscled leg, then he rotated his hips, back, shoulder, elbow and eventually his wrist. The moment his ankle twisted, the staff was being brought forth. Putting a rotation to a thrust increases the piercing damage and adding his heightened strength and speed made the strike like nothing ever experienced or could be matched.
The tip the Xeal shaft screamed from the thrust and it was like a twin to Alex’s scream. “HAAAA!!!!” Placing the tip of the shaft between the spikes perfectly, was easy, because the movements Alex’s eyes saw were all extremely slowed and detailed.
He watched as his staff dented the item at first and then it completely penetrated a defensive item that has never been broken before. The shaft of his weapon kept spinning during the thrust and then there was another feeling. It was a feeling that was much softer than the shield. It made a wet, crunching sound as the staff passed through it too.
The weapon landed on its true target, Gyro’s head, but there was another problem. The spiked sphere didn’t vanish quickly enough like he was hoping for.
Escape wouldn’t be feasible. No where could he defend himself. Alex was out of options once the first spike pierced into his right shoulder. He tried jumping away with his increased strength and speed, but the spike drug him down below. The staff was wrenched from his hand as he crumpled to the ground. Then many other spikes began painfully piercing different points all over his body. It was too late. The spikes went clean through the body like a warm stick of butter being cut by a hot blade.
This was it.
Before he could register any more pain, Alex’s ears heard a crashing noise and his eyes saw a clear blue morning sky. But something else was happening. Stars and dots appeared in his vision and Alex knew exactly what that meant. He was losing too much blood.
“ALEX!!!” Shade barked in fear he’s never felt before. Then the bright sky was shadowed by a massive head with stunned gold eyes. The golden eyes instantly began watering as he looked at his brother’s broken, bloody body. “Alex, can you hear me? What should I do? You’re bleeding everywhere. Don’t you die on me, Big Brother!”
Alex’s voice was weak, slow and alien to his pointed ears. “Make sure the queen is alright. She needs help. We cannot lose her.”
Sounds were becoming softer and more spots entered the image of Alex’s world. His eyes saw nothing, only growing blackness. His skin felt cold and his thrumming heart was quickly dropping its rate.
Shade hurried to Allahandra’s side. She was face down, laying beside Gyro’s nearly headless corpse and he rolled her over with a toss of his nose. She was still unconscious and he knew of only one way to wake her. He licked the side of her face. It worked. “Unh, What happened…? Shade? What’s the matter?” Allahandra asked, but he couldn’t understand her words.
Shade wined in a terrified, heartbreaking sound and looked to Alex who became motionless as red liquid pooled beneath him far too quickly. She followed his look and paled. “…Oh, no. Alex!” she almost ran on her hands and knees to his side knowing it might already be too late. She saw ragged, gaping holes riddling him as she asked. He was hemorrhaging too much. “Alex, can you hear me!”
He wanted to say “Aye,” but was too weak.
“Shade! Go get my items…!” she shouted to the frightened looking giant, but he didn’t understand. She then quickly found sand in the courtyard nearby and began writing with her finger. He read quickly and then the sounds of her scraping were replaced by the sprinting of a massive weight pounding the earth, getting quieter in the distance as he drove into the palace.
Things kept getting dimmer for Alex as he could feel the black abyss trying to take him back into its empty clutches once again. Time began to not flow as it normally did and voices didn’t seem coherent. He only could hear certain things and they were garbled. He knew how bad it was and the injuries he sustained were all grave.
Allahandra forced her fists into his wounds to slow the hemorrhaging, knowing it might already be too late. The only hope she receive was that some of the spikes missed vital organs, but the wounds were still far too deep and arteries had been cut. Seconds after she plunged a fist into his chest and gut the sounds of many horses were galloping to her. When they saw who she was they shouted “Your Majesty! What happened?” She jerked her head to an approaching contingent to yell “GET OVER HERE NOW! I NEED HELP!”
The fifteen warriors redoubled their efforts and saw what she was doing. She gave short and immediate orders to plug Alex’s gaping wounds. Five warriors were sent to the healing center to retrieve Niranene. The warriors went to work, trying to save Alex’s life as he remained on the knife’s razor edge of life and death.
Then the sounds of someone screaming alerted her to the sounds of lithe swift sounds. Shade returned within less than a minute.
“Did you bring my items!” Allahandra yelled to Shade who dropped her case by her side. She looked at two standing guards and pulled her hands from Alex’s chest and gut, to which her warriors plunged theirs in. She opened her case and withdrew each needle and began working to save him. As she squirted an entire needle of solution she looked to see Shade watching, quivering from tail to muzzle. She’s never seen any creature or human look so terrified before. She knew something bad would happen to Shade if Alex were to perish. It was as if the Shadow Fang’s entire life would end with that of his human brother. She needed to focus on her patient, pushing worrying thoughts aside. “Alex, hold on! I’ll do what I can!” Allahandra’s voice and sounded calm and meticulous, trying to keep calm herself so she could focus on the task. Worrying caused mistakes and injuries such as these needed a calm focus. Still, in such a short time Alex had become a valued member of her family and she’d do whatever it took to save him.
Allahandra then began trying to force his gaping holes shut, hoping her items would be capable of miraculously holding him together. It would be the first time she’s ever pitted them against such a daunting task. She hoped it would be enough.
Then the queen cursed “I don’t have enough solution for every puncture. I’ll work on the most life threatening. Everyone else, compress the other holes I cannot seal until more help arrives!” then she looked over as a tall figure stood in the distance and the queen gritted her teeth and cursed when she thought she had the situation under some kind of control.
Lily was here and she saw Alex laying in the middle of the courtyard dying.

And when the abyss almost had him in its clutches for all time Alex clearly heard a particular voice running. “ALEX!!! NO!!!” That voice was musical and he focused his hearing while fighting against the darkness to listen to it for a little while longer. Then the voice turned into a fierce kind of soothing. “You’ll be alright! Come back to me! I can’t lose you! I need you to fight for me! Don’t you dare die on me, Alex!”
He felt more burning in his chest, but also in another part of his body. It felt like it was in his abdominals. There was a painful pressure as he felt his body being forcibly closed. Then there were many sensations of heavy pressures pushing down on parts of his body that still burned, but also felt cold. All the while this was being done a quiet sobbing mixed with the person who approached. That voice is worried about losing me? Why?
Then another person began rushing up and the voice matched Niranene’s. “My Queen, I got here as fast as I could what…” her voice was cut off by Marlin’s scream “ALEX!”

Then he couldn’t fight any longer. His will just couldn’t maintain or support his consciousness. Darkness was the only alternative and it took him willingly.
Alex had done all that could be. There was nothing left in him to fight with as he also embraced the cold and eternally dark abyss.





Chapter 26

For some reason Alex felt something? He knew that he could faintly feel his body, but shouldn’t I have gone to the other side by now? Right? He wondered oddly. Was I already there, in the next life? How could I feel anything as a spirit? Why am I still alive, am I? Wasn’t I supposed to be dead and rotting in a grave? Didn’t those spikes kill me? Am I still dreaming or is this feeling just an illusion the other side created for me?
He wasn’t even aware of what day or what time it is. Is time relevant after one dies? What is happening to me? Can’t I get some answers?
Then he tried opening his eyes, but they were so heavy, like someone kept them closed with their fingers. Sensations gave a sense of reality in the muscles that controlled his eyelids that were struggling to open, but they were still extremely difficult to release so his vision could see more than eternal darkness. Then he tried hearing and counted five other people in the room breathing. He didn’t know how or why he could hear them breathe, but he could. It helped to focus on something other than himself. There were two unique breathers that caught his attention. It was deeper and stronger than the rest. Shade? Alex could tell that he was somewhere off to his left, but he wasn’t breathing in the right direction. Then there was one much closer and it was a soft and controlled breathing. He’s heard it before, but…
Pain was everywhere once he realized what the sensation meant. Some were sharp pains while others were dull and throbbing. He tried moving his arm, but it seems to be pinned. His legs and torso were all in the same predicament.
With all the force he could muster his eyes finally cracked open. Alex managed to see his body and it seemed to be in some form of a full body casting. It wasn’t made of linen and hard as stone like his first thought, but it was a silver metal which he realized to be someone’s item. Everything on his body was encased except for his head and neck.
“ALEX!” a high pitched female voice shouted. And the sounds of other people approaching were swift.
His eyes sluggishly moved to the person who spoke and he saw the purest white hair sitting next to him because of the posture. Alex felt an immediate and compassionate touch on his cheek. Unfortunately the person had rough calluses, but the gesture meant more to him than he first thought. His heartbeat started fluttering to the gentle touch. It took a moment to see who the person was despite his body’s natural reaction to the familiarity. Soft amethyst irises were looking at his in hope. Pink lips quivered as she smiled happily. She was a beautiful woman beyond all measure and Alex just watched this stunning creature approvingly. Then he caught her smell.
Sea breeze…
His foggy head cleared, but his body remained in the same state. His mouth was dry, but it managed to obey his will with some effort. The squeezing of his lungs and dry throat told him it wasn’t a good idea to try, but he needed to say something. “Lily?” His voice croaked and sounded foreign to his memory of how it should sound.
She sobbed a quick laugh and quickly covered her mouth.
The room was silent as he scanned where he lay. Apparently they put him in his large guest room; courtesy of the queen. From all of the lit oil lamps Alex could deduce that they were already well into the night. He then began noticing who else was in the room besides Lily. Marlin began sighing with a relieved smile. Allahandra was patting her heart with a grateful expression. Niranene patted Marlin’s back while watching her astounding patient with curious eyes. She seemed confounded for some reason though. Finally Alex had to raise his eye level to see his foster brother, Shade. He looked more relieved and happy than anyone else in the room.
“Do you remember my name?” He asked with a smile tugging at the corners of his lip flaps.
Alex pursed his lips as he forced another breath out of his lungs, but something else happened when he tried communicating his brother’s name. That usual tickling feeling that his voice undergoes began screaming in agony. The pain and anguish caused the air to be trapped in his throat and the result shot him into a coughing fit far beyond the pain he was already experiencing. Alex couldn’t stop himself from coughing even when his body screamed for the torture to stop. Lily’s eyes actually began to spill over with tears knowing she couldn’t do anything.
Everyone wanted to help, but Niranene and Allahandra moved everyone back. A flash of thin silver in the queen’s hand moved and then it was jabbed into the side of his neck. The pain wasn’t even noticeable compared to his body’s fit. Then his body began relaxing and cooling at the same time. Soon his reaction to coughing subsided. Only when he stopped coughing for a few minutes did the queen finally remove her item from his neck.
Then Niranene finally spoke to end the silent streak. “Alex, it would be best if you didn’t speak, let alone try talking to Shade. Your body is still highly traumatized from all it withstood. It would be best if you did the least you can. It was a miracle beyond miracles that you even survived at all. All those… never mind, now I want you to use your eyes to communicate. When we ask a question I want you to blink once for yes and twice for no.” This was the head healer talking and not the timid woman Niranene. “First I want to know if you know who I am?” Alex blinked once. “That is a good sign that you don’t have a brain injury. Now are you in pain? … Alright I’ll help relieve your soreness…” For the next twenty minutes Niranene was the only one asking any questions. He answered as best he could by only blinking. She had her item case with her and she crushed up different proportions of pills in a pestle and began grinding. Each pill had a unusual color and she poured the powder into a clear glass. The glass of water took on a deathly looking tinge of black. It had a hollow reed in the glass and Alex knew that it was him who had to drink it.
Everyone went quiet as he took a small sip of the concoction. It was actually sour, like drinking pure lemon juice, but he managed to drink it all. It took a minute for him to unfold his puckered face. Already the pain began lessening throughout his body, but the wounds were still there. His head felt clearer and his mind was running normally once again. Then there was a dull warmth in his chest and it was soothing. Breathing became less labored and easier.
The very moment Allahandra stepped back Lily sat by his side and touched his cheek with the back of her index finger. “I’m so glad you made it.” Her tone was calm, but lips remained quivering. “Do you remember what happened?” He blinked three times and her brow drew together. “Does that mean you’re not sure?” It was close enough to his thoughts so he blinked once. “Alright should I start from when you somehow you figured out that Allahandra was the key to the whole plot? … ok, then I’ll start there…”
“Actually we all have questions, but we’ll hold onto them until you can speak.” Allahandra said and smiled at her rescuer. “Forgive my interruption, but I have to tell my people what really happened as soon as you’re able to fill in some important details.” Alex blinked once.
Before Lily started her story everyone sat down in a chair, close to the large bed; which he just now noticed. They had already heard it recounted, but they wanted to hear the story again. Lily arched her back and cleared her throat.
“After you tossed me on Shade’s back, barked at him several times and took off; he was only able to barely keep up with you. When we made it to the castle just about every stationed guard of the palace was killed. Apparently thirty nine soldiers lost their lives by the time we arrived up on this floor. When I saw that it was Maiot and Gyro being the culprits, you and Shade were already sprinting to her rescue. You and I fought Maiot while Shade charged Gyro; who now had captured Allahandra and isolated himself within his item. I told you to shift opponents so I could take care of Maiot. Before I knew it you vanished and Gyro was being pursued by Shade.
“I figured out my opponent’s ability rather easily. His claws could thicken the air almost into a solid defense, but it will only last’s a few seconds. I used my crescent sword as a distraction while my other sword fluttered apart. While he was distracted, my petals snuck past his defense and sliced him into a million pieces.” She smiled smugly and then her smile vanished.
“Just as my sword was put back together Shade reentered the room, but I’ve never seen the horrified expression he was showing me. His eyes were streaked with tears and he was looking more frightened than ever before. All of the hackles on the back of his neck were standing straight. He didn’t seem to see me as he charged passed my side. He knocked me out of the way once he spotted Allahandra’s item case. He quickly put the whole case in his mouth. It was then that I knew something terrible had happened. I holstered my swords and grabbed onto Shade’s shoulders, just moments before he took off. I had to hold on with everything I had because he was on a mission and nothing would ever stop him.”
Suddenly Lily glanced at the four other spectators, her voiced steeled and became even. “When Shade made it to the castle’s main hall I had to let go. I found my way out and first spotted Allahandra kneeling over someone. She was also surrounded by a small contingent of new guards who supposedly heard a loud crashing sound. She was yelling at the person and I recognized it was you. I tried to help, but I’m no healer. Allahandra used up every drop of her solution from each and every one of her syringes. You were stabbed in over eleven spots and seven of the punctures were life threatening. Each one went completely through you. The queen couldn’t use her items for another three hours, but Niranene showed up and aided Allahandra in the closure of the smaller, life threatening wounds. They continued working on you for the next fifteen hours; nonstop. Every time the queen’s syringes refilled she injected you till the blood ceased escaping. We almost lost you several times during that frightening process. Many were called to try a transfusion, but your body wouldn’t accept anyone’s blood and you had a horrible reaction. They had another healer come by and he used his item to keep you from moving. That’s why you’re unable to move at the moment.
“Since then, four days have passed and Niranene had to make a solution which helps replenish all the lost blood…”
“Don’t forget to tell him you haven’t left his side for a single moment since…” Her eyes turned murderous as she glared at Marlin. He took the hint and raised his hands apologetically. “Never mind,”
Her eyes softened as she looked down at him again. Alex’s complexion was pallid from the blood-loss, but he remained among the living. He couldn’t fathom why she wouldn’t leave his side if everyone knew that he was stable. His thoughts were cut short when she resumed speaking. “As I was saying; you lost a lot of blood, but luckily you didn’t have any broken bones that could be felt; you know they couldn’t use their items to check. Several vital organs had been pierced, but Allahandra’s solution seems to have repaired the extensive damage” She smiled. “Since then you have been completely unconscious until a little while ago.
“Also during that time the battle ended once we tossed Maiot and Gyro’s mangled heads over to the enemy. They immediately began withdrawing, but General Rakkian sent a massive assault on the enemy when they turned their back and ran for their lives. He obliterated them of course, but a few hundred managed to escape and are trying to be tracked down and dealt with. We believe your cousin is among the escapees because the general personally checked for his remains and has as of yet, found nothing conclusive among the many bodies. Plus the only casualties we’ve sustained were two soldiers during the escaping assault and the thirty nine, in here, who were betrayed.
“Yesterday Allahandra gave a day of respite for people to grieve over the loss of the men who died. Yesterday was a day of mourning for the entire city.”
As she closed the story the room held a long moment of silence for those who perished; except for Shade because he asked if something was wrong. Alex managed to make his head slightly shake, only once. He quickly and correctly assumed that they were mourning for the fallen.
A few minutes later Allahandra stood. “Alex, we are all glad you didn’t die on us. When you are better, I have been told that the whole city has heard of what you did in my rescue and want to hold a celebration in your honor…” He blinked twice in a repeated effort. It took her a minute to understand what he was doing. She began laughing as did everyone else. “Do not fret, I’ll save you this time. You just go ahead and get better, ya.” She quickly glanced at everyone. “We should let him rest. We all need to as well. Rest well, Alex.”
Niranene checked him over one last time and then looked at Lily. They both nodded without questioning each other and he wondered what the unspoken conversation was about. Marlin tapped his friend’s encased foot and said “I’m glad you are alright. Get better my friend.” Alex blinked and he smiled. He tried his best, but it hurt to even tug at his cheeks for a smile. Marlin smiled for the both of them and held Niranene’s hand as they walked out of the room. Allahandra waved to Alex as she shut the door behind the new couple.
So more has happened in those four days than I originally thought…
Shade stood up and looked at Lily. Then another unspoken conversation passed and ended with another nod between them. Shade then moved and curled up close to the door. It seemed like he was guarding it.
Alex looked pleadingly for some answers when Lily’s eyes reconnected on his. She caught his confusion, understanding perfectly. “Don’t worry so much. Wrinkles don’t do you any justice.” She smiled and pointed to his furrowed brow. He didn’t realize he was frowning and it quickly vanished under her calming touch. “Like you heard Marlin a few minutes ago, I’ve stayed by your side this whole time. I usually sleep over at the desk.” She nodded and a pillow was resting on the table. “Niranene was just asking if I would still be staying with you again tonight. If anything should happen, she is close always by. Allahandra has given another guest room to her so she could be as close as possible. And Shade and I had another agreement which he forced me to abide by.” She smiled as she glanced at the inconspicuous doorstop. It mustn’t have been a difficult demand. “He has allowed me to stay in this room on the condition that I stop holding this secret in any longer. Apparently he found my journal in my room, somehow, and read through it.” She sighed while smiling. Their eyes connected and she seemed happy for some reason and he was confused. “It isn’t really much of a secret though, but I agreed anyways.”
Her expression looked both steeled and vulnerable simultaneously. Lily casually laid a hand over his encased hand. “Listen, I’m not used to sharing my feelings let alone know how to act upon them. Things are just so difficult for me because I know everything about being a warrior, but acting like a woman is foreign.” She bit her bottom lip and it was easy to tell that she was trying to find the right words, but her nature is to be blunt and that is what came next.
“Let me go back a little, ok.” He blinked. “When we were being interrogated by Commander Yort out on the plains…” It was a hazy memory but it returned. “When I failed in his first question I was given another try. I was insecure to give him my honest answer aloud and he allowed me to whisper my answer in his ear. The real reason why I wanted to join Freelan was because I couldn’t bear to be away from you anymore. I explained how I would follow you anywhere because you were my new home, one I’ve never truly had before. If you wanted to join this force, then I would as well. I would follow any orders and take any punishment for my crimes just as long as we remained together. Yort excepted my answer and you remember what happened when he asked for my name.” She smiled at the memory and he now understood why Yort looked at him so suspiciously out on the plains.
“Then at the arena, when you saved me again after Rakkian attempted to murder me, you said something I’ll never forget. When you had the general pinned you said ‘Why did you just try to kill my Lily!?’And when you said my Lily I was happier than I’ve ever been before. I didn’t know if it was just a slip of the tongue, but everything inside me became jubilant. I’ve never had anyone be so positively possessive over me and…I actually liked it.
“As Allahandra offered these rooms I wanted to try something for you. You see, I’ve never worn a dress in my entire life and for some odd reason I had to show you and see what your reaction would be like. The very first word you called me was ‘beautiful’ and I knew you meant it. I kind of lied about the real reason for my late night visit.” She smiled shyly. “And when I asked to guard you, it was really because I almost went crazy knowing how much danger you would be in when you checked for the enemy’s information. I couldn’t stand being away from you. I realized that I’ve become possessive of you too, Alex.”
He wished that he could speak, but his injuries were still too severe. Her words were lifting his spirits. Lily was actually being possessive over him and her words rang in his head like the sweetest music. She was actually confessing her feelings and he couldn’t offer his in return. He struggled again to speak, but she quickly pinched his lips together and shook her head. “Please don’t try to talk. This is hard enough to say as it is and if you strain to tell me your feelings I don’t know what I’ll do.” Alex nodded barely because for the first time he saw a fragile and timid side of her. “Ok, now I’m almost through with what I have to get off my chest.” Lily removed her fingers from his lips.
Then her voice became weak and hollow. Lily’s eyes began brimming with tears, but they didn’t spill over. “But the most difficult part of my life was seeing you, after you somehow killed Gyro and saved the queen. I’ve never had a connection with someone in which they would mean so much to me. When I recognized your mangled body out there I already knew the odds weren’t good. When I saw all the blood that came from you I felt lost all over again, like I had returned to being a King’s Guard again. I made it to you and saw all of those holes that you bled from. I spoke to you, but you didn’t respond to anything or anyone. It was the most difficult time of my life, seeing you bleed to death so quickly. While Allahandra and Niranene worked on you I continued talking to you. And while they were doing their best, they said that any other person would have already died from the loss of blood, but I knew you are stronger than any man I’ve ever seen.” She finally smiled as the tears broke through their barricades. She wiped them away with the heel of her hand. “I know I’m a mess, but I had to let you know. If you had died out there…” She actually shuttered at the thought. “You would have never known this and it would have been the biggest regret of my life.” She let out a choked laugh. “I’m relieved that I could finally say that. Don’t die on me anytime soon and I’ll wait to hear your feelings. I want to know if both of our thoughts are compatible.”
She looked over at Shade and said sarcastically “I told him!” and all she received was a flick of his ears. She smiled anyway. “I guess you should get some sleep. I need some too. I must look a mess.” In truth she was actually still a goddess, but a compassionate one at the moment.
She stood up from the bed and Alex knew she was going to head over to the desk, but that wouldn’t do. Since Niranene’s drink, his throat was still sore, but it wasn’t as dry. “Lily.” She quickly turned to look at him with shocked eyes.
“What is it!? What’s wrong?” She quickly became concerned.
“Nothing. Stay. In. My. Bed. You. Need. Sleep.” It was painful speaking in short blocked words, taking a breath between each. His voice sounded slightly less alien and the talking wore him out.
“Really? I don’t mind sleeping over there.” He tightly squeezed his eyes closed twice. “If that is what you want…”
She finally smiled weakly as she walked around the bed and slowly laid where Shade usually does. Alex was unable to turn his head to get a better look at her, but from his peripheral vision he could tell she laid on her side and was looking at him.
Even in this horrible state everything seemed right. Lily did have feelings for him and he was happy to hear them coming from her lips. Knowing this relaxed him to the point where sleep carried him away. His dream couldn’t be written down coherently, but it was enjoyable.

“Awe, look at them. They both seem so happy.” Alex could hear in conjunction with his pleasant dream. The dream faded and was replaced with the sounds of reality. It took only a moment to realize Marlin’s voice.
“Oh… Oh my! It is that time already!” Lily’s exasperated voice leapt and someone else said “Aye.” but Alex couldn’t clearly hear who said it.
His eyes opened and at the foot of the bed stood Marlin, Niranene, Shade and someone else. It was an older gentleman and he was just entering the room.
“What time is it?” Alex asked before noticing that most of his pain had vanished. Much of the pain centered around the right shoulder, left ribcage, two spots on the abdomen and one on his right thigh. Alex felt much stronger than yesterday and it showed in his voice. It sounded reasonably normal and Niranene and Marlin instantly realized this.
“You sound much better. It is just an hour after the sun rose.” Niranene started before Marlin could jump in. “Tell me how you feel.” Alex explained everything to her and she grinned. “It seems that with the combination of Allahandra’s solution and mine, your body will be healed by tomorrow night.” She touched the other man’s forearm. “You may remove your item. He should be well enough by now.”
As the man walked to the city hero’s side, Marlin glanced to his right. Looking to his left Alex saw Lily smiling at him from the edge of the bed. She stood up and walked to Shade’s side. She looked just as beautiful as she did last night. Niranene walked over to the desk and began crushing up pills. Suddenly Alex’s attention turned to his chest. It felt odd.
This new man was the person whose item encased his entire body. He had his large hand on Alex’s chest and the item began almost liquefying. The item began moving to his hand and collecting itself into a large cube. The first things to be freed were his feet and it felt great to move them. It was the same with his hands and arms. Once the cube had collected all of its parts, he pulled it off the patient’s chest. On his hip was a leather bag and once he flipped it up Alex saw cubes of different sizes and the cube used on himself was of the largest he had.
It felt great finally being free of his bindings. But as Alex looked down and saw that he had cloth wrappings that were stained red in a punctured pattern that matched the locations of his pain. From his neck down he was wrapped, but there wasn’t anything else underneath. Alex raised his right arm to the man in gratitude. “Thank you for helping me.”
He closed his bag and grinned. “Think nothing of it and you shouldn’t even try to sit up. You saved our queen. It’s the least I can do. You just get better for all of our sakes.” He clasped Alex’s arm and released it. He looked away saying “I’ll go back to the healing center and cover for you until you finish here, Niranene.”
Niranene began walking back towards the gathered, from the desk she used to crush up her items. She carried a glass that was now colored a light green. She spoke sincerely to the other healer. “That will be a big help. I’ll get there as quickly as I possibly can. Tell the staff to work as usual and to check if anyone is faking an injury. After the battle we need open space for the wounded. We were lucky in losing only the few…”
“I understand, Ma’am.” He jumped, seeing the pain of those murdered men flash across her face.
As the man left the room Niranene had Alex drink this new concoction. Taking a mouthful was horrifying, after she put it in his hand. The flavor wasn’t as sour, but it did leave a bitter aftertaste. She saw his discouraged expression and gave a piece of information. “I know my items don’t have a pleasant flavor, but they are more than capable of treating a wide range of ailments. Last night’s mix was what I’ve had to give you twice a day since your initial injury. It helps calm the nerves so the pain is dulled, adds a supplement since you couldn’t eat, clears the mind and lastly it boosts your immune system so that you aren’t susceptible of getting an infection that would kill you in your weakened condition. You needed that the most because your wounds would have gotten infected otherwise.” She now pointed to the half empty green glass. “This mixture increases ones appetite and also slightly increased adrenaline production so you can stay more active, but it works slower and longer so you won’t need to drink it as often.”
“If that’s true can I sit up and move around?” Alex asked after finishing the glass and handing it back to her.
She handed the glass to a worried looking Marlin. She had a serious expression on her face once she looked down at the remarkable hero again. “That would be extremely unlikely. I’ve seen very few people survive the injuries that you have sustained. It truly is a miracle that you are even capable of functioning on an intellectual level with the amount of blood that was lost.” She held up a single finger. “But I will let you know how long you will be bedbound after I check your dressings.”
Niranene looked at everyone. “Could we have some privacy?”
“Not a problem!” Marlin said, smiling at his girl. “Lily, come outside with me. Let’s tell the queen Alex is lucid and can talk again.” She was reluctant to leave his weakened side, but conceded. Marlin tapped Shade’s flank and gestured for him to follow. He didn’t budge.
Alex’s voice tickled and it didn’t choke him up like the last time. “Shade,” his ears perked and everyone glanced at Alex with worried expressions. He waved them off with a hand. “go ahead. I promise that we will talk soon.”
His large head dropped and he made a sound similar to a deep sigh. Then his eyes lifted and connected again. “It is really good to hear you talking with me again. It takes forever to translate what they were doing to you. I hope it never happens again.” He glanced at Niranene. “I’ll be back shortly. I have certain needs that I’ve been neglecting for too long.”
He turned around and wacked Marlin in the shoulder with his tail. Shade chuckled at the payback. Marlin opened the door with his unharmed arm and left down the hall. Shade followed and Lily smiled at him one last time before shutting the door behind herself. Now it was only Niranene and Alex in the silent room.
She glided over to the ewer, brought it over, along with some new bandages, linens and a pair of small shears. There was a hidden bag next to the bed which Alex couldn’t see. He wondered what else could be in his room that he didn’t know about.
She stood to his right as she sat the items on the bed and the ewer on the floor as well. With the scissors in hand she began making a small cut from the hollow of his throat and cut the soiled bandages down to the lower abdominals. She slowly pulled the bandage back to reveal where he was wounded on the right shoulder. Red, dried blood caked his entire skin and it wasn’t a pleasant sight from anyone’s end. Niranene didn’t even flinch at the sight. Alex wondered what the worst condition she’s ever seen a person. Then again he’d rather not because he’d be on that short list.
She grabbed a linen cloth and dabbed a corner into the ewer. With the moist towel she began cleaning off the skin. As she cleaned with the gentlest of touches her brow drew together. That look sent a chill down his spine.
In a frightened tone he asked “What is it?” She spoke barely above a whisper, but she apparently didn’t hear him. “It cannot be…” She wiped quicker and touched the skin. All he felt was a slight amount of pain, but the touch was smooth and even under her prodding. “Impossible!”
She looked to his chest again and spread the soiled bandages off the torso. Her hand went to his left ribcage, an inch below the heart, and she quickly wiped with the linen. She touched with her other fingers and he felt the same sensations, but on the ribs. “How…” Her blue eyes widened and it was frightening him.
Without realizing what he was doing, Alex had easily managed to sit up and the movement startled Niranene to take several steps back. He felt where she had worked on his arm and felt a barely noticeable bump. Straining his neck, revealed a faint pink dot of new skin on the flesh. It was the same on his ribcage too. Alex was still in some pain, but it was easily controllable to still move, in a limited sense. It was nothing like last night. The two other punctured spots on his abdomen also had the same feeling. A smile crept across his face.
When his focus returned to Niranene she still looked shocked beyond words. “What is wrong? Why are you just standing there?”
It took her a few moments to recover. “Alex, you shouldn’t be this far along in the healing progress. You should still have scabbed wounds for the next five days at the earliest. Even with the queen’s compatibility with my items you shouldn’t be healed at this stage. Your arties and organs were perforated, but it cannot be…” She began to trail off in thought. She then began speaking in mental hypothesis. “Could that be it…nay…maybe it’s because of…nay that might not be it either…”
“Maybe it might be because of what I am, as a Furion?” He threw a logical conclusion at her. “It may be because of that, but I would also like to inform you that I’m far from completely healed. I still feel some pain and you know that means that my body is still in the process of repairing the damaged tissues.” Her eyes widened at his knowledge of anatomy. “As such I know that strenuous exercise is out of the question, but can I clean myself up with your help?”
“Of course,”
Swinging his legs off the bed was easy, and despite her short stature, Niranene helped stand him up. It took a minute to find his equilibrium and only then did she release her grasp. Alex used the linen she was using and she grabbed another. As he slowly washed his sore torso, she cleaned his back. She commented that the wounds on the back looked more healed than the one’s on the front. After his backside was cleaned, she had him sit down. She insisted that she shave his face and she did a better job than he ever had. Alex asked her for a moment of modesty and she turned around. He used the scissors to cut the remaining wrapping from his groin and legs. He was extremely lucky because a spike went through his right inner thigh and it didn’t harm the most vital male organ. After the blood, sweat and grime was finally removed from the body, Niranene found fresh clothes.
A new pair of blue pants and a gray tunic were strenuous to equip. With Niranene’s help, and her reluctance to go along with his next idea, she helped him stand again. They had rescued his staff from Gyro’s head and it was a huge aid in maintaining his balance. His choice for a weapon was ideal for a multitude of scenarios and it was invaluable at this moment. And wrapped around the knot was the gold medallion that Allahandra gave him. He then wrapped it around his neck and began walking to the door slowly, with Niranene holding his belt just incase his balance was ever thrown off. Alex opened the door and entered the hallway.
He walked down the mirror lit hallway and could hear many voices in the main room. Since meeting Shade Alex no longer liked to stay confined in a room for a long time. When they told him that his injuries kept him in bed for four days, his legs needed a stretch and his eyes needed a change of scenery. Leaving the luxurious room was the only option.
Walking down the hallway he relied heavily on the staff and Niranene still didn’t release her hold on his belt. She mumbled under her breath. “This isn’t a really good idea…”
“Your right,” His voice startled her as it felt like he was taking the smallest steps to the private meeting room. “I know I should stay in bed, but I’ll go mad if I remained still for too long. And don’t worry, I know how hurt I still am and that is what’s keeping me from doing more.”
Before they made it to the door she finally spoke. “As long as you do not overexert yourself I’ll go along with this. But you will be restricted to this floor for another day. I cannot have you attempting the stairs as of yet.”
“That is a fair compromise.”
Niranene grabbed the door handle and pushed it open. The noise in the room was louder than anticipated, but it was bearable.
Sitting around the circular table were the top officials and everyone else. A quick scan revealed that only ten commanders were absent. The room was cleaned of blood and corpses, looking like nothing had ever happened, except for the holes perforated in the stone. One of the commanders were arguing with the others, but no one noticed their presence as of yet. There weren’t any new protective guards in the corners so the castle’s alert status has been relaxed to a degree. He then scanned the present gathering and stopped his search when someone shot from their chairs into a standing position. That person was Lily.
“ALEX!?” Just her one word silenced the room. Everyone present followed her line of sight and all settled on him. Most of everyone wore confused or shocked expressions. Before anyone made a movement she was already running.
Lily stopped about a pace away and held her arms to her sides awkwardly. “What are you doing out of bed!? I was just about to come back and check on you.”
He shifted his weight to the left leg because it hurt the least. “I’m healed enough to come out here and converse with everyone. And do not worry, I haven’t forgotten about last night’s conversation. Later on, you’ll hear what I have to say.” It was hard making his voice sound emotionless to her, but it was needed. For all she has did to him it was time she know how it felt to be spoken to like this. “If you need proof,” He grabbed the collar of his tunic and jerked it to the right.
Lily saw the faint mark and she tried touching it, but his expressionless features stopped her advance. She looked at him confused and worried as she withdrew her hand back to her side.
Then a booming voice broke the tension “Alex, you look tired. Come sit down.” It was General Rakkian. He walked up to Lily’s side with a pained expression. All could see how discouraged he was from knowing that his men were the cause of so much misery and betrayal. “Are you up to telling us what happened?”
“That is why I’m here, Rakkian.”
Lily moved over, in an uncomfortable way, as Niranene helped guide him to sit in his usual chair, two seats to the left of the throne. Allahandra was standing as he rounded her throne. She was confused and when she looked at Niranene who only shrugged. The queen was as astounded by the recovery just as Niranene is.
It was bliss sitting down in a comfortable chair again. Those few hundred steps wore him out. Alex leaned his staff against the table. Niranene told Allahandra that he needed several meals brought up to help replenish all the calories and fats he’s lost during the injury. His metabolic energy was severely depleted.
Then Lily sat uncomfortably by his side, but didn’t say anything else. Marlin just looked between them in a confused way.
“Alright since our new champion has just arrived I think everyone will agree that the meeting can be put on hold to hear what he has to say to us all.” Allahandra stated with a proud smile. Everyone remained looking at Alex, but he had expected as much. “Alright Alex, now the big question is, what really happened? How did you know what to do?”
The biggest difficulty facing him was how to align his thoughts in a linear way, but it didn’t take too long. With one quick sweep of the room he told them. “Back when Shade relayed his information about the military’s diversion and the smuggling, I began thinking of many things. Whatever they were after had to have a price that held more than just a simple monetary value. It had to be something that could crush a person’s will, or an entire nation’s. That is what the king does best. He crushes a person’s will so they could be controlled and manipulated.
“We knew there was a breach seven years ago and you found a spy that was still living in the city after all this time. Then we knew if he was in here then surely there were others deep in hiding. We knew that the covert spy knew the city inside and out and would have had a fool proof escape plan. It wasn’t a stretch to know someone was on the inside.”
He then took a deep breath and looked at General Rakkian. “I didn’t have all of the information until you spoke to us a few hours before the battle ensued.” The general’s pained expression changed into a confused one. “You told me stories about my uncle and how you worked under him, and then you began speaking about Maiot and Gyro.” Now the room became entirely quiet and no one could look away. “You said that you saved Maiot as a boy, but you met Gyro six and a half years ago. It wasn’t until after you jumped off the wall to create an earthquake did the pieces start falling into place.
“You said Gyro was injured during the breach seven years ago, but that was the key to knowing the hidden plan. General, why do you think Gyro tripped my suspicions? Take your time and try to understand why it was six and a half years before you first met him.”
His dark face expression turned down as he began contemplating. Everyone waited silently for about two minutes. His head snapped up and he figured it out. “It was his injury, wasn’t it?”
“Exactly... Everyone knows that he cannot be harmed because of his mainly defensive item. No one has ever broken through his defense before, so why did it happen then? I just didn’t know about those spikes.” Alex’s left hand began rubbing his right shoulder, remembering the piercing.
“None of us did.” Allahandra stated. “He never revealed that his item held that capability. The biggest concern is how you were able to pierce his item when no one in this entire city couldn’t do so much as scratch his sphere.”
“I’ll get to that later.” The queen accepted the promise. “Then there was the issue with Maiot. General Rakkian said that he and Gyro spent the most time together and fought together like no other under him. It takes a lot of time to make one of the weapons class change sides or just one act of serious betrayal.” Everyone knew of this. The weapons class is the most straightforward and unbending of any of the four classes. “I don’t know what it was, but Gyro found a way to convert Maiot to the wrong side.
“Gyro was the best person for the job and would have succeeded in his mission if not for the information Rakkian supplied just before the siege. Gyro could capture and roll off with Allahandra and no one would ever be able to stop him. I was just lucky to figure it out in time… I just wish that I did so sooner because of the thirty nine men who lost their lives…
“And the biggest break we had was when Shade and I arrived back from scouting the enemy numbers, and gathering the information, that neither of them were here for the briefing nor were they privy to the actual contexts of the report. They were here when everyone explained about the battles from the past ten years. Maiot stayed, but Gyro had to go do something. If either of them were here for Shade’s briefing, they would have changed their tactics, but they didn’t know the full detail of our conference and they were stopped.” After that was over Alex began explaining what he did to save the queen. Not one detail was spared; even getting pierced and run over. Everyone cringed at the images his words gave them.
“Alex!” his head shifted to the double doors just as Shade finally returned. He sprinted around the table. Shade stopped by his side and sniffed his raven hair with his enormous snout. “It is you. What are you doing out of bed? Are you fully recovered already?”
Alex rubbed the side of his head and his voice changed. “Not quite, but I was able to come in here to tell them what happened. I’ll tell you soon too.”
Before he could react in time an enormous tongue passed through the front teeth and licked the entire side of his face. People began to laugh and it was impossible for anyone not to. It took a minute for everyone to quit their laughter.

Mistress Marge came in soon. Allahandra allowed Alex to leave the table and eat in his room privately. Niranene and Shade helped him back to their room and once inside he ate for the next three hours. Niranene’s medicine definitely increased his appetite beyond the normal. During the meal Niranene had to leave as did the head mistress. Shade kept telling him how glad he was to see him alive.
Then for the rest of the day no one disturbed them as they spoke to one another. It was a relaxing time and Shade was glad to talk with his brother at length. He also asked if Lily told him her feelings and Alex told him she did. He wanted details and was told he’d receive them at a later date.
He wasn’t pleased to be left in the dark about something so important.

Just as the sunlight in their room began to dim Alex knew nightfall was imminent. Shade was laying on his belly as they spoke to each other. He saw the glance to the window. “It’s getting dark.” Shade announced obviously.
“Speaking of, I need you to do something for me.” his ears perked. “I need you to go and find Lily. Make her understand that we need to have a private conversation.” He grinned wickedly. “Be normal and then make yourself scarce for the night. Lily and I need to have a long discussion.”
“I’ll track her down. Good night then.”
“Good night, Shade.”
Shade used his nose to push the door open and his back leg to kick it shut. Soon Alex sat all alone and all of the oil lamps needed to be lit before she arrived. Once they were, his room was next to be straightened. Once everything was in order he sat at the foot of the bed and waited.

Twenty minutes later there came a weak rasp on the door, followed by a louder one a few seconds later. Lily was being hesitant about what she was doing. In response to the second knock he announced “Come in!”
The door opened slowly and Lily casually stepped in his line of sight, wearing was she had on earlier. Her tone was calm, even and sure. “Shade came and found me. He wrote that you needed to talk to me.”
Alex stood up, swaying for a moment. Her eyes flashed with worry, but she hesitated to step forward and when his balance was solid, her features became blank. “Aye, I do need to talk to you. Please come in and shut the door.”
She turned and shut the door. “What do you need to talk to me about?”





Chapter 27

Lily stood near to the closed door of his room wearing a half sleeved red tunic, blue pants and boots. Both of her swords hung to each hip and were perfectly symmetrical to her straight and curvaceous body. Her pure white hair that reminds him of the pure, reflective light of the moon hung loosely and close to her shoulders. Her natural beauty sent his heart thrumming and his senses scattered to the four winds while trying to find a way to get his foolhardy plan started and not wind up in pain again. The orange glow from the lit lamps seemed to make her image flicker in the most sensual ways.
She sighed and looked defeated after the question left her lips.
“We need to talk about last night.” He retorted evenly.
Her eyes flashed in recognition to his empty words, but she guarded her voice. “What about it? Are you going to make jokes at my expense or tell me that I’m not good enough? Do you like leading women on?”
Pity flared into his emotions for her, but he somehow managed to neutralize the sound of his voice because the next plan was more dangerous than fighting Gyro. “It is difficult to walk over to you, so will you please come over here so I could defend myself. Please?”
She studied him for a moment before sighing, seeing how he still had a difficult time remaining standing. She walked up to him with a fire in her eyes and an unbreakable will, sensing a trap. It wasn’t a good kind of fire and getting rolled over by Gyro again seemed like the better alternative. She stopped about two feet away as she looked him straight in the eye. The swiftness of her movements sent her scent around her body and all over him. “Say what you have to so I can leave!”
Lily was just close enough and he put his heart on the line for her.
Before she could react Alex quickly stepped forward, slid his right arm around her lower back, reached his left hand behind her head and did the most suicidal experiment in his entire life.
Alex placed his lips upon hers.
Her full lips were more enchanting than he could have ever imagined. They were soft, firm, but most of all, they belonged to the one woman who he desired more than any other. She was startled at the action and her breath entered his in a sharp gust. Alex tasted her breath and it was sweeter than any fruit or sugar, like honey and sea salt. Her lips were wet as they parted effortlessly and instinctively for him, but neither knew how amazing the experience could be. It was as if their mouths were made specifically for each other. She seemed to like it as well.
A strong pressure on his chest gave a moment of pause and Alex realized it was the palms of her hands. Their lips disconnected and were being pushed away. Knowing this reaction all too well from her, his arms fell away from embracing her until they hit his sides. Alex took a step back, but couldn’t because she had a fist full of his tunic in each hand. Her grip had stopped him from going anywhere.
With the very last of his fading courage he looked into the most beautiful eyes in anticipation for rejection and sudden physical pain, but he wasn’t prepared for what his eyes catalogued. Her complexion alternated between pale and blushing red. It was difficult to keep up with her shifting expressions; jealously, joy, rage, fearful, hope, rejection, spite, horror, danger, pain, misery, shyness, realization, surprise, passion, love. Her expressions changed faster than he’s ever seen a person do before and then she shut her eyes and began breathing slowly in order to calm herself. She dropped her chin to her chest and breathed slow and deeply through her nose, but her firm grip on his tunic didn’t relax by any measure. He couldn’t help himself as he watched her chest swell and sink with each calming breath. She did this for a minute before her eyes opened and met his. Now her eyes were confused, but a small spark of happiness could be seen deeper within.
“Alex, what did you do that for? Be very careful how you explain yourself.”
He couldn’t hold his smile back any longer. “I finally did what I’ve wanted to do since we first met. You were the first person who accepted me and kissing you was the best way I knew how that I could express how I have accepted you. You are a woman unlike any other and I’m completely in love with you and…”
She immediately pulled on his tunic, their distance closed instantly and she brought her lips crashing onto his. This kiss was far greater than when he kissed her in ambush. His hands wrapped around her again and her hands released his tunic. Both of her arms wrapped around his neck in a hold like she never wanted to release him. Her wet lips parted again and a very womanly moan escaped her lips. All of his cells began vibrating in the most pleasurable way. She didn’t stop kissing him and he showed her that he didn’t want her to stop either. Their lips moved in perfect synchronization like they’ve kissed each other this passionately their entire lives. Her smell was intoxicating and only adding to the pleasure that they were sharing. They have finally closed the strained friendship to a deeper relationship.
This is the one woman his could spend the rest of his life with and many future images sprang forth on what that said future might be like.
His heart was beating and his skin was almost shocking from where they touched. She felt the same way. His lips felt complete with hers connecting with them. Her breasts were pressing into his chest painfully, but finally showing her his honest and pure love was winning the battle over the pain.
There was a new sensation that quickly became worse. Her fingers dug into his back and the pain became unbearable.
Alex went completely rigid as he sucked a deep breath through his teeth. She heard it and felt his tension and pulled away in shock. “What is it?”
“My. Back.” He said through the teeth grinding pain.
She realized what she was doing and her fingers removed their hold. “I’m so sorry. I forgot you were still hurting…”
He quickly pressed his lips to hers quickly and she stopped talking while he wrapped both of his arms dropped to her lower back. “Do not feel bad. I am happier than I’ve ever been. You have made me feel whole for the first time.”
She smiled and kissed him softly again. “You have done the same for me. I too feel complete.” She looked over his shoulder and smiled pleasurably. “You need to lie down. You still need rest.”
Before any disapproval could be uttered from his lips she wrapped her arms around his hips and began walking him backwards. She walked to the side of the bed and twisted him in such a way so that his body had no choice but to collapse in the bed. Lily knew how the body works and reacts and she forced his body to work in her favor and made him rest. She still stood and suddenly glanced at the door.
He smiled from the bed and said “Don’t worry about Shade coming back. He has made himself scarce so we could spend quality time together.”
Lily looked back to him with an honest smile. “So we will be alone for the entire night?” He nodded with his own smile of happiness. “I hope you don’t have any assumptions about us being intimate tonight? If you did, think again. You are in no condition to be with me like that tonight.”
“I know that, but we can still be close to each other.”
A wry smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. “I wouldn’t mind having you kiss me again.” She slid off her items and laid them by his staff.
In answer Alex lifted his hand and she grasped it. He drew her down to the bed and grasped her hips. With a little effort he rolled her across his chest and placed her beside his left. He then rolled to his side. She grabbed his head and pulled him down to her perfect lips again. This kiss lasted for several minutes and she went easy, but they both wanted more.
When they parted she looked so enchanting. Lily’s head laid comfortably on his outstretched left arm. Alex laid on his back while his head was turned to watch her in a new light. She still laid on her side and he could see her true sensuality she hid behind being a warrior. Her body curved in the most perfect of places. When her shoulders sloped down to her waist it showed the flair of her hips all the more. She then began lightly touching the scars on his left arm, where Shade’s uncle bit him in their first encounter. The pain subsided as his focus remained on his Lily.
After they looked at each other for an hour in a calm, content silence she finally spoke. “Can you tell me something?” She looked away from his intense focus and began staring at his scars again.
“Anything, my Lily.” She smiled at his honesty, but didn’t look away.
“Actually I was wondering about today. Last night I gave my confessions and this morning you were…distant.” She wanted to say something else, but didn’t want to spoil the mood that they both enjoyed. “You spoke to me like nothing was said between us, like it never happened. I thought you might have forgotten because of all the situations you have been dealing with. I didn’t like the way you looked or spoke towards me and I’ve had a painful feeling in my stomach all day. Could you please tell me what was going in inside your mind?”
“Of course you can know. I was just showing you what it was like from my perspective.” His calm voice made her eyes lock onto his. “Do you remember that night when you crawled up and slept next to me?” Her eyes became too distant so his story continued. “When you awoke, the first thing you saw was me. And the first thing you did was strike me with your knee.” Now she remembered the past with perfect clarity. “I rolled away in pain and your unconcerned tone hurt more than the kick ever could. And when you touched me I walked away.”
“You’re confusing me. Can you simplify it?” She moved to lay on her elbow so she could look down into his face. Lily still was on her side though.
“The night before I was trying to tell you something and in the morning you too became distant. The physical pain I could deal with, but your uncaring attitude did the most damage.”
She was quiet as she watched his calm expression. “How about we make a deal? I’ll try to never do that again and you do the same. I never want to experience that feeling of helplessness again. Not speaking like this was fraying my nerves like I was going crazy. Do we have an agreement?”
She offered her left hand, but Alex shook his head. She frowned until he said “I think if we seal the agreement with another kiss, it will strengthen the bond.”
Lily gladly accepted the compromise and sealed the agreement.
“We need some sleep. Don’t you agree, my Alex?” She made him smile.
She drew herself closer and rested her head over his heart. Her breasts pressed into his ribs, but her body item wasn’t uncomfortable. And before he knew it she was fast asleep with him trailing not far behind.

Alex finally awoke at his normal time and saw Lily had stayed the whole night with him. Her short white hair spread over his chest, but she had two differences. First her arm was gently laying in the center of his chest. Secondly her leg was tossed over his thigh. Then there was something different about himself. His body wasn’t in any more pain. His chest and shoulders were easy to rotate without disturbing Lily. He felt completely healed; physically and mentally after the night. Niranene and Allahandra had a point that was made clearer this morning, his healing was quicker than normal.
With his left arm free, Alex used it to awaken the woman who requited his love. He began running the tip of his warm fingers along her clothed waist and hips. She reacted to the sensual touch by pulling herself closer, clutching him closer. He didn’t stop caressing her until she finally awoke.
Her head pulled back as she slowly looked up at him. Her eyes were already awake as was her voice. “Good morning, my Alex.”
He showed her a good morning with a kiss. She initiated the next three.
“Lily, I have to show you something.” She reluctantly leaned away.
Alex flipped out of bed with ease and stretched out all of his stiff muscles. “I’m no longer in any pain. Nothing hurts anymore.”
“Let me see for myself. Take off your tunic.” She smiled as she began scuttling out of the bed.
It wasn’t a stretch to know what she really wanted to see. Quickly and effortlessly removing his tunic, the only thing touching his chest was the flesh warmed medallion.
She walked right up to him and felt the faint pink scars on his chest from the injury. She then looked at his back. During this whole time she was feeling all of the contours his muscles had to offer. Her simple touch felt wonderful despite her calluses, but it was part of her and he loved everything she could offer.
Then she began wrapping her arms around his neck from behind. She then immediately began caressing his neck and shoulders with the gentle brush of her lips. He tried turning around.
Before anything further could happen, the door to the room was nudged opened. Lily’s hands disappeared from his neck just as Shade walked in.
Shade saw Alex and grinned. “So how did it go?”
“It was perfect, but we didn’t do what you were thinking. She has accepted me as I have with her.”
What happened next stunned both Shade and Alex. Lily walked around and quickly kissed his lips. “It’s no use trying to hide that we are together. I’ll see you in a few minutes. I’m not the only one who needs to freshen up.” She turned around and quickly exited their room, patting Shade’s flank on her way out.
The foster brothers stared at each other in stunned silence. Shade’s bottom jaw was hanging by their hinges and his golden eyes were wide. Suddenly he twitched and fell to the floor laughing. He barked a laugh and Alex’s laugh mixed with his. Neither could stop himself from laughing for over a minute. Once Shade managed to calm himself, he laid on his elbows and looked at Alex with a congratulatory smile. “It seems my intervention with her seems to have paid off for the both of you.”
Alex walked to the closet and grabbed a new tunic and pants. “It seems I must thank you for your help, little brother.”
He grinned approvingly. “It would have happened even without my aid. You two were made for each other. All I did was finally force one of you to take a leap to the other. I’m happy for you both though.”
Alex patted his furry shoulder and began washing up. While putting his clothes on he asked “By the way, where did you go last night?”
Shade stood up as Alex went to grab his staff. “I went by the barracks and freed Clift. We went to the arena and fought for a little while. We drew quite a crowd, even at that time of night. Someone new thought I was trying to kill Clift again, but he pushed them back and fought me surprisingly well. They realized that he was learning how to be a warhorse. It was an exciting night for us.
“Once we finished sparring we walked around the city by ourselves. The people on the street were frightened until they saw it was only me. Oh and one small female fed me a candied apple. I ate it in one bite which made her giggle… oh don’t look at me like that. I could smell if it had even the faintest trace of a poison. But it was a good night.”
“It was for me as well.”
“It looks that way.” He couldn’t erase his toothy grin.
Shade and Alex made it into the council chambers first and it was empty. He laid down in his usual spot, directly to the throne’s left. Alex took his seat and waited.
Lily arrived soon after and had a joyful smile once she found him. She wore a pink sleeveless tunic and black pants. Her movements were graceful and lithe as she crossed the room. She pushed her chair closer to his before she sat down. Her right hand found his left under the table and they laced themselves together. She was so beautiful that he was grateful that they could be this close after all this time. They enjoyed their new relationship that much more.
While they waited Alex told her about Shade’s night and she had him ask what he did during the sparing lesson’s with Clift. At some points the three of them laughed even more because of the details he neglected to tell Alex earlier.

“Well it’s about time!” All their heads snapped to the back door. Marlin stood there with a proud grin. “You two finally made it to the next step. Even from here I can see the tension between the two of you has all but vanished.”
Lily turned red and pushed her shoulder into Alex’s. She asked “Are you saying it like it’s a bad idea or…”
“No, no, no. It is a really good thing. I’m happy for you both.”
Soon he sat down with the new couple and they were talking like old times, but times were changing. Even Allahandra noticed about Lily and Alex the very moment she entered the room. She actually squealed ‘Congratulation!’ and hugged Lily like a girlfriend and not as the queen. That hug was the only time Lily’s hand left his in the war room. Once the embrace was completed and released, their hands reunited.
Niranene appeared from the door at the back and she was even more shocked by his recovery. She lifted the restriction for him to stay up here for the next day, but she said he couldn’t have any strenuous exercise for awhile.
“Do you feel like having a morning meal with everyone down in the main hall, Alex?” Allahandra asked calmly. “I think it would do some good to see other people for a short while.”
“A change of scenery will be a good thing. I’m in.” Allahandra smiled and Lily squeezed his hand affectionately.

Allahandra took the lead going down the stairs while the rest followed. With the staff in his right hand and Lily in the left, Alex glanced over his shoulder to see Marlin and Niranene holding hands too, but they were whispering something that he couldn’t hear clearly. Shade playfully smiled at all of them as he walked the rear, tail wagging in contentment.
The ruckus from everyone in the main hall was difficult to miss. That was until they arrived. The filled room quickly silenced once they saw their queen. She moved to the side and everyone’s eyes zoomed in on Alex.
Then something remarkable happened once they recognized him.
Everyone in the room suddenly stood up and began applauding. Some whistled and others saluted with a fist to their heart.
“You’re an amazing man.” Lily whispered in his ear and an electric sensation ran throughout his entire body. Her eyes showed him the truth and his hand squeezed into hers for the appreciative words.
Even with all the cheering, they walked onto the stage and the encouraging didn’t lessen. It only stopped when Allahandra raised a silencing hand. It still took longer to silence the hall than usual. The queen took a step forward to address the gathered warriors.
“Good people, as you can see my rescuer is finally healed enough to join us today. I am proud to call him friend and even prouder to know he has become a protector of our large family. Even in this short time he’s spent with us, he has impressed us all through his deeds. And not only him; Lily, Marlin and Shade have become a family we can all cherish.” Then her tone and subject changed. “Now I know most, if not all, of you know what happened during the battle, but I will explain it from the first perspective.
“Everything started just moments after the battle commenced,” Allahandra spent the next twenty minutes giving a detailed report of the accounts of that night. She didn’t spare a single piece of information nor the mental images her words created. After she concluded the accounts of her attempted capture, she called for another moment of silence for those who lost their lives.
Once it was over everyone sat down with Allahandra and their morning meal was brought to them. They all ate and the hall filled with laugher and cheering again. It was wonderful to eat some more and it seemed Niranene’s concoction was still in effect because Alex was still hungry and more food was brought out.
While eating his third helping, Allahandra asked a question that none of them were ready for. “So Lily, can I assume that you will be staying in Alex’s chambers from now on?”
Alex chocked on a piece of food that wasn’t even half chewed. It would have stayed there if his drink was empty. After washing the food down his gullet and catching his breath he stole a peek at Lily’s expression. Her eyes were wide and her mouth was shaped in an O. She seemed to be in even more of a shock than Alex was. Then she went from pale to scarlet.
He couldn’t look away even when hearing Marlin and Niranene laughing.
“Well? Am I going to get an answer or not!?” Allahandra asked in an almost half-annoyed, half-amused tone.
What could he say in such a tense situation, let alone to her? Would she even consider wanting to move in together? Were we ready to go down that path? I was because it wouldn’t matter as long as she was with me. How determined is she to live with me? Is she ready to love me as much as I love her? All Alex could do was wait silently for her answer. Lily, what are you planning?
It took a few moments before her eyes met his. She had made her decision and his hope raised. Her smile was a little timid, wry and happy all at the same time. She looked away and landed her entire focus on the queen. Her tone was calm and sure. “Go ahead and make the arrange…”
“YOUR MAJESTY!” someone yelled from the mouth of the castle.
Alex cursed under his breath because of the interruption, but it sounded urgently important.
What was happening now?
The hall silenced and stood, thinking they were under attack again, but the tone the person used wasn’t as worried, now that his speech registered in Alex’s mind clearly. Down the walkway stood a young woman wearing a sword across her back. Her green tunic and pants said she was part of Freelan. From the way she looked she was only slightly winded. She hadn’t run very far.
Allahandra didn’t hear what Alex did because she took on the same cool expression she used when the man said that they were going to be under attack. “Come closer. What is the problem?”
The woman walked up to the line where no one may pass without Allahandra’s expressed permission. The hall was still silent as they prepared for the worst. “Your Majesty, I have just been dispatched from the south gate.”
“What is wrong to the south, soldier? Is it another attack?”
The woman shook her head. “No Ma’am. Two men showed up outside the gates with two fiend lords and one of the men said that he is a Furion. You were expecting him were you not?”
The only sounds in the hall came from outside, everyone held their breath, Alex included. They had all forgotten about the Furion who was coming. Alex glanced at the others and they had also forgotten because they wore a similar blank expression. He said he would be here within the month; from what Janken said. He did make it, but they weren’t prepared for his arrival. The battle had consumed their entire thoughts.
Allahandra was the first to speak. “Where is he?”
“He is waiting outside the gates as we speak.”
“Go ahead on back to the gate and tell him that we will come out to meet him personally.” The girl turned and hurried to do her task. Allahandra then looked at everyone else. “Prepare my carriage. Any who want to escort me will be welcome to come.”
Without another word the entire hall began bustling. Some people quickly went upstairs, while most walked outside to prepare for the queen’s departure. Everyone looked excited to meet this mystery Furion, but they weren’t close to matching Alex’s excitement.
“Alex, what’s happening? Are we under attack again?”
His eyes turned to Shade as he slowly began walking protectively next to Allahandra. “Nay, we aren’t under attack. The Furion has arrived here at the city.”
“Finally. When can we go meet him?” Alex relayed Shade’s question to Allahandra.
She smiled at them both. “We are going just as soon as my carriage arrives and a proper escort is established. All of you, follow me.”
They stood up and Lily grabbed his hand as they walked down the hall.

Once outside, they waited for Allahandra’s coach to arrive and it only took five minutes. It was accompanied by over one hundred horses with riders mounted on their backs. Before the coach stopped, Allahandra asked “Who’s going to ride with me?”
“You aren’t heading anywhere without me, young lady!” Mistress Marge announced as she hurried to them. “I’ll not see you in any more danger than you already are.”
“Alright Marge, come on in.”
It was quickly settled that Allahandra would be accompanied inside her lush coach with the head mistress, Marlin and Niranene.
“I’m riding with you and Shade!” Lily said with a protective tone.
She quickly jumped upon Shade’s back and he wanted to hurry. Shade really wanted to meet another person like his brother whom he can associate with. Knowing how anxious he gets, Alex quickly mounted in front of Lily. He twisted his head so she could see him. She asked “Are you ready to meet this mysterious person?”
“I’m not sure, but I need to.”
She then wrapped her arms around his waist and kissed his cheek.
How wonderful it is that we can finally be together. He thought.
Within another minute they began moving. At the front of the procession were foot soldiers and they cleared the way as they traveled down the road in a southern direction. Behind the soldiers were cavalry troops that surrounded the queen’s carriage. Shade followed directly behind the coach and the rest of the foot soldiers brought up the rear.
The entourage had to turn down multiple roads because there wasn’t a straight road that led to the queen’s palace; especially from the southern wall.
They continued traveling together for the next twenty minutes until they saw the first sign of the southern entrance. The massive wall rose behind the buildings. Everyone began slowing and spreading out. Many of the soldiers moved around so they could set up a defensive perimeter.

When the carriage slowed to a crawl an hour later Alex slid off Shade’s back and also helped Lily off. They moved out from behind the coach so they could see further ahead.
The gate was already up. On the road was a mass of people and guards blocking the wide tunnel. The closer they moved, the louder the orders were shouted. Everyone heard orders along the lines of ‘Make way for the queen!’ or ‘Set up a defensive perimeter.’ People were moving while also trying to peek at this person who waited for their arrival.
When the cavalry got close enough, everyone scattered under their intense stares, just enough to allow the carriage and The Pack through. They entered the short tunnel that led through the south wall and the noises seemed to get quieter. People lined the walls of the tunnel and before they knew it the tunnel was behind them.
The warriors of Alluan surrounded something in a wide circle, but the people were packed in tightly so it was difficult to see. It had become quieter as everyone saw the queen’s carriage proceeding along the road.
The procession stopped before they entered the circle. Alex tried looking, but all he could see were glimpses of three large figures. People were pushed back from the carriage just before the cabin was opened and Marlin stepped out first. Everyone followed after and Allahandra was the last to exit. She quickly smoothed out her green dress and made sure her tiara was placed properly. Being a queen, she needed to look impeccable at all times.
“Alex, I want you and Shade to walk with me.” Allahandra requested.
Lily didn’t like it, but she knew that this was important to him.
Allahandra stood between Shade and Alex, as they pushed closer to these mysterious visitors. Lily, Marlin, and somehow General Rakkian showed up out of nowhere to walk behind them. The six came closer to finding out who this person was and those that accompanied him.
They made it to the circle and entered the ring.
They all stopped to see what laid before them. There were two men and two fiend lords like the woman said earlier. The four of them were in the middle of the street looking quite comfortable. What she didn’t say was that one of the fiends was one of the Big Three, like Shade. This was the fiend known as a Beran.
The Beran was of the Saber Class, but unlike Shade this was a feline. The Beran has identical sabers like a Shadow Fang. Their furs are impenetrable but there are many differences. The Beran was stemmed from the lion after the Ancients gave their gifts. They now have the ability to spit corrosive acid and male Beran’s can shoot needlelike hairs from their manes, that can paralyze their opponents. They have retractable claws and do not have any other special abilities besides immense strength.
Alex looked at the Beran Lord that stood before him. It was easy to tell that it was an older fiend, but it was still more powerful than ever. Its fur was a dull yellow and his mane was a dark brown with specks of grey mixed in. The mane went around the head, neck and upper shoulder and swooped down his belly and trailed all the way to the groin. It had a long body that was covered in hard earned muscle. At the end of the massive creature was a whipping tail that was sinuous, until at the tip, it had a poof of brown fur. Its shoulder height was almost a head and a half taller than Shade’s, at least seven foot tall at shoulder’s height. It had a massive head, a flatter muzzle than Shade’s and the ears were rounded. The face was both gray and dull yellow. And then Alex noticed its eleven inch long fangs. The saber on his right was broken in half and the left one was still in pristine condition. His one good saber’s was three or four inches longer than Shade’s.
Perched on the back of the Beran was a Fury Lord. The Fury was once in the family of the falcon and retained much of the features of its cousins. The only three differences they have from the falcon is their larger size, white tipped wings and their shrill can render their prey unconscious. Its talons were harmlessly latched to the big feline’s shoulder. Its face immediately found Alex’s, but he could see knowledge in the raptor’s eyes. This one was twice the size of any that he’s ever witnessed before and its brown feathers glistened in the sunlight. Its body height was as tall as his and its wings were tucked proudly in. He knew the Fury was incapable of smiling because of its beak, but he could swear it really was smiling, and proudly too.
Then his eyes swept to the two human figures standing to the right of the monstrous Beran. The one on the far left was easier to recognize. In a familiar suit was an older gentleman and something triggered in Alex’s memory. He knew this man from somewhere. He still had shiny shoes and pure white gloves. His curled mustache hadn’t changed even from the memory. In the earlier memory he bowed respectfully in the street. Then the memory was completely remembered. This was the butler he met back at Nicronane. He was the one who helped find Takka.
Without thinking Alex took a step forward. “Is that you, Kikren!?”
Everything went completely silent as every pair of eyes looked to him. It was uncomfortable, but he couldn’t believe it was actually him.
The man took a measured step forward and bowed. “It is an honor to meet you again, Master Alex.” He raised himself back up. “I had hoped that we would meet again, but I didn’t know it would be so soon. You are looking well.”
“You should have seen me five days ago.” Some people chuckled at the dark humor. “So are you the Furion, Kikren?”
Kikren smiled and chuckled from the distance. He waived off the assumption politely. “Please forgive the misunderstanding. I am not a Furion.” He raised a hand dramatically to the man hidden beside the Beran. The other man stepped forward as Kikren made a proper introduction. “I would like you to meet Lord…”
“RUNKAMON!” Allahandra and Lily shrieked simultaneously. Shade jumped in front of them instantly and let out a growl, hearing their fright. Alex instinctively jumped to his side and brought his staff into a fighting position.
What is going on around here?
Did they just say what I heard?
Is this the king?
I’m not ready to face someone of his caliber.
We are all doomed.
The crowd drew their weapons at hearing the name.
Could it be that our biggest threat came here alone?





Chapter 28

Then the man’s voice boomed as he laughed, stunning and disarming all who heard it. It stopped everyone from moving in to intercept him. It seemed like the man was ready for the accusation, but wasn’t phased by it. What was strange was that he stood casually, as did Kikren and the fiends. They were completely unconcerned despite their precarious situation surrounding them.
The man stood proudly in the middle of the road. He was a man about Alex’s height, but maybe just slightly shorter. He wore a tight blue tunic that had full sleeves. And laying down his back was a blood red cape that came close to reaching the ground. Upon each wrist were polished and protective silver guards. His pants were black and belted to his left hip was a beautiful sword. It is a single handed, double edged sword. He couldn’t see the blade through the dark brown scabbard, but the shape and way it hung on his hips said it wasn’t just for show. This was a blade made for battle and one used to fighting. But the guard and handle stood out even from the distance he stood. The guard had a circular shape and was made from highly polished gold. The hilt was spun with silver. And finally at the pommel was a rounded red ruby the size and shape of a person’s eye.
Despite his clothed appearance everyone could tell how extremely well built this man was. In the arms he could have easily have outmatched Gambit’s.
Then Alex realized he was barefooted like himself.
Focusing on his face, Alex watched as the man’s expression turned into an approving smile. He was looking directly at Alex and was also studying his appearance. He had long blonde hair with strands of gray mixed in. His eyes were icy blue and his facial features were handsomely sharp. He was clean shaved and his skin held faint wrinkles around his eyes. He was a very handsome man and Alex also realized he was older than he should have been if he was truly was Runkamon. This man was in his mid-fifties not nine-and-thirty years like the king.
The man knew the danger that completely surrounded him, but from the look in his eyes he was completely calm and unconcerned. It would be like child’s play if he were to fight, everyone would lose. This was a man not to be taken lightly. The hairs on the back of Alex’s neck only reinforced such thoughts. He was a dangerous man, one he’d never be able to best in his current state.
Alex dropped his guard and took a few measured steps forward. The man grinned as he took another step towards him. Shade growled and Alex stopped to look at him. “It’s alright, little brother. He is too old to be Runkamon.”
“He’s right, young pup!” The man spoke to Shade with a calm and deep voice. Shade’s ears perked and they both knew the man was like Alex if he could communicate with his partner so effortlessly.
Alex turned to the man and felt his throat tickle, knowing everyone needed to understand his discovery. “You’re not Runkamon because you’re too old, but if Allahandra thought you were him at a single glance I can guess with some certainty that you are his father.”
The man grinned and everyone around the circle gasped at the conclusion.
His chuckling boomed again and Alex could tell he was normally a cheerful man at a glance. He casually placed his left hand on the pommel of his sword, but it was out of habit and not a threatening gesture.
“I see that my patience has finally paid off after all these years. There is another true Furion still alive in the world. You are correct, young man. Runkamon is in fact my flesh and blood child, but I can assure you we have very different views on life. Though he carries my blood, he is not my son anymore.”
Since he stood casually so Alex did as well. “So who are you?”
His smile was genuine. “Why I’m Gerieg, eldest of the Furions. And as far as I know you are the youngest, Alex, unless you have had a child of your own.”
Alex’s heart stammered at hearing Gerieg call him by name. He wondered why his body acted like that. It sounded faintly familiar, but he didn’t know this man. He cleared his voice in order to control it. “How do you know my name? Did Kikren or Janken tell you?”
They both glanced at the calm butler standing with his arms comfortably behind his back. Gerieg answered for himself before the servant could respond. “Actually I’ve known about you ever since Eriana carried you in her womb.”
His voice stammered at hearing her name. “Wait. You knew my mother?”
Gerieg’s brow pulled together. “What do you mean knew? What happened to her?” He seemed intent to know for some reason.
“She passed away when I was five. How did you know my mother?”
He looked solemn when his blue eyes met Alex’s again and could tell he was distraught from hearing the old news. His voice expressed empathy. “I’m sorry to hear that. She was my late wife’s handmaiden back when she lived in Ra’van. My wife and Eriana were the best of friends. It seems like you and I have much to learn about each other.”
He looked away from Alex and nodded to the Beran. The lord moved up to his side and the perched Fury didn’t even shake from the movement.
When their group moved Shade moved to his brother’s side, protectively. Shade’s expression was calm, but the hackles on the back of his neck were still bristling. He was prepared for a fight, just incase they proved a threat.
Gerieg lifted his hand to the Fury. “Alex, I would like for you to meet Sheer. She is one of my closest friends and partners.”
The beak of Sheer opened as she spoke. “It is an honor to meet you, young Alex. Gerieg hasn’t stopped speaking of you for quite some time.” Her voice was like that of a high soprano singer, beautiful yet loud. She then dipped her large raptor head in a bow.
Alex bowed back. “The pleasure is all mine, Sheer. And if I may, your feathers are by far the most elegant I’ve ever seen.”
She let out a trilled laugh and everyone thought she was going to stun them. Her large magnificent wings flapped playfully, but she didn’t release her perch. Her wingspan was well over fifteen feet wide. “Oh you Furions know just where to make a female feel the most special.”
In his mind he pleaded for her to not alarm the people like she did a moment ago when she laughed.
Gerieg laughed and dropped his hand to the Beran. “And this has been my partner for the past three-and-fifty years. His name is Elo.”
Three-and-fifty years old? How could a fiend of his species live so long? Maybe it is because he is a fiend lord and not much is known about them. Maybe lords live longer than usual.
Alex bowed again and saw Shade give the same respect. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Elo.”
The Beran, Elo, nodded and smiled. “Alex, this isn’t the first time we’ve met. I remember you when you were just a swaddling cub in your mother’s arms. It must have been too long ago for you to remember, but I’ll tell you those stories some day.” He had a deep and refined voice. Then his brown eyes turned slowly to his right.
“Oh I’m sorry.” Alex raised his arm just like Gerieg did. “Elo, Sheer, Gerieg; this is my foster brother Shade.”
Shade bowed again. “It is a pleasure to meet all of you.”
Elo’s brown eyes narrowed on Shade. With large paws, Elo took a step forward. “Shade, is it? Come closer and allow me to inspect you.”
Shade’s eyes also narrowed defiantly back. “Why do you need to something like that? You can see me well enough from where you are standing.”
“Get over here, young Pup.” Elo’s voice was calm, but they heard the threat. Despite the age difference, Elo was still a powerful force to be reckoned with. Shade was strong, but would he be strong enough to fight an experienced Beran.
Shade reluctantly took a few steps forward and stood in the open space between the two Furions. He then held perfectly still, but the hairs on his neck were still poised. Alex hoped should something happen that he’d have enough time to dive within his shadow and escape.
Elo took another step forward and had to look down to meet Shade’s defiant stare. It was a tense moment, seeing something larger than Shade, but then Elo began walking in a slow circle around the year and a half old pup. He studied everything physically that Shade had to offer. The crowd was silent as Elo judged what he saw with his large brown eyes. He moved like a predator stalking his prey, but Elo’s eyes weren’t showing hunger.
Once he was finished with the inspection he walked back to Gerieg’s side and said “The pup is in good condition and is still growing. He looks to be well bred and is intelligent. Soon he will be as large as me.”
“Wait, what do you mean?” Shade said as he stood still in the middle of everyone. All his hackled hair was flat after listening to Elo’s observations. He was stunned to hear such a thing. “Are you saying I’m going to become a lord too?”
Gerieg spoke first “Do not ask so many questions right now, but already you can be considered a lord. Everything will be taught to you both in time. For now just wait. I have things that need to be discussed that are important.”
“Like?” Alex asked so that Gerieg could focus on him.
“You will know soon enough. Just trust me for now.”
He then looked passed the young Furion. “Allahandra, you are looking as stunning as ever after all these years. I’m sorry about the strenuous circumstances, but I need to speak with you about a sensitive subject.”
“No person who has any affiliation to the king will pass by me.” Rakkian stated adamantly while guarding the queen fiercely, axe brandished and ready.
“Well maybe this might help ease the situation!” Gerieg was unfazed from the general’s words as he pulled something from his pocket and threw it with perfect accuracy into Allahandra’s startled hands.
Her eyes widened as she stared at what she held. It looked like a gold coin, but her cheeks began showing moist streams. She touched the coin reverently. After a few moments of crying she looked up with red eyes. “Where did you get this from?” She held up the coin and it was worn, but an image of two lightning bolts going in opposite directions, under a storm cloud were engraved in the gold.
Gerieg smiled knowingly. “Before you were born and I guided Ra’van, your father and grandfather were of my dearest friends. There were only three of those coins ever made outside of the royal line, as a token of friendship, your grandfather gave that one to me.”
She unexpectedly took off her golden tiara and broke it between her hands.
Everyone gasped at what she had done. She dropped one golden piece to the ground and used both hands on the other half. She jerked another coin out of her tiara and it was a similar coin, but it wasn’t as worn. She now held a coin in each hand. Her dark and misty eyes turned back to Gerieg.
“My father once told me he had an old friend from Ra’van and if he should have a coin like this, I should treat him like family. I thought he was joking because they were only given to children of the royal line and those close enough to be called family.” She then threw the old coin back and Gerieg caught it, placing it back in his pocket. “Come inside my castle Lord Gerieg. It seems we have much to discuss.”
Gerieg shook his head slowly. “I’m sorry, but we do not have the time to sit and converse. Unfortunately we are on a tight schedule. We will talk out here.”
Alex didn’t have a clue as to what was going on, but Allahandra could hear the urgency in his voice. She rounded Rakkian without another thought to her situation and then passed Alex before they could process what was happening. Shade and Alex quickly caught up to her and the general wasn’t far behind, wearing a worried look streaking his features.
Everyone stayed put as they made a small protective triangle around Allahandra. Elo and the other’s backed away, allowing space for Gerieg to speak privately with the queen. She initiated the conversation. “What is going on?”
Being this close Alex could see Gerieg was shorter than himself, but the difference was of no more than a half inch. And his toned muscles were nearly twice the size of Alex’s despite the obvious age difference. He smiled handsomely before he began speaking.
“Actually we don’t need to rush, but the sooner my son is removed from his throne the more lives that will be saved. And the only way to do that is to train Alex in the old ways of being a Furion.” Gerieg glanced at the boy with a deadly serious look. “I can tell that you’ve been using your abilities, but you need guidance. If you don’t then you could seriously hurt yourself and die without the proper knowledge, Alex. To learn about yourself, you must come with me.”
His body went cold at hearing this. My episodes could kill me? Would those violent spasms actually rip me apart? Gerieg held the truth in his icy blue eyes and Alex was ignorantly using these senses without knowing what they meant; let alone know what they were doing to him. Alex knew the cost, but could they kill me? He already knew the answer.
Allahandra said “He might die? What does that mean?”
Gerieg then said “If he is not trained properly, his body will tear itself apart and he will most likely die if he does something incorrectly. I can see your worry for him. You’ve seen his tremors. Without training, his abilities will likely kill him. Why do you ask? Do you have claim of him?”
Already aware of the answer she said “Ya. He is my vassal and my rescuer. But if he is to remain healthy and strong I’ll have no choice but to allow him to train with you. I’m not pleased to send him somewhere, but if his safety is in jeopardy I’ll do whatever it takes to see him aided. I must ask for your word as my father’s and grandfather’s friend that you keep him safe and return him back once his training is completed.”
“You have my word, your highness.” He said in all seriousness.
“Very well, now continue with which you’re here to speak upon.”
“You will be getting a few visitors to your kingdom soon. Each of them will protect this city until Alex’s training is complete. Each one of them would lay down their lives for the sake of returning our lands to the way they used to be before Runkamon seized control. Some might be old men, but they are still strong and wise.” He lowered his voice so only they could hear what came next. “They will arrive here at the city gates. Your patrols will most likely not even know they have arrived inside Alluan’s boarders until they reveal themselves here at the city. They will give you three leaves of long grass and one that has been cut in half horizontally. That will tell you that they are a friend of mine and are of highest honor. If they give you grass of any other number or cut, kill them without hesitation.” He was serious. “If someone uses five leaves; that means my companion has been captured and tortured. They will give up all information they know, but the five leaves are a clue that my real friend is probably dead. Five leaves means they are a spy. Three and a half are friend.”
“I understand.” Allahandra said emotionlessly. “I will tell my border guards to do just that.” She looked at Alex, but only for a moment. “Lord Gerieg, how long will you be gone with Alex? Also when will you depart?”
Gerieg looked at him calmly and Alex returned with an even stare. “We need to depart immediately.” His grey eyes widened. “Alex, I know this is too sudden, but you must trust me. I will never intentionally harm you. Do you trust me?”
“Aye, but if your words become forked-tongued lies then I’ll do whatever it takes to get away, even if it means eliminating another of my kind.”
“Good, your mistrust will keep you alive. And as for your other question, Allahandra. It will take as long as it takes, but looking at Alex’s current level… I’d say he will need a year of intensive training.”
“A Year!” Alex shouted. “But I need to do what I can right now.”
Amusement flashed in the blue eyes. Gerieg was looking at him like he was still a child throwing a tantrum and he was going to calmly wait it out until Alex calmed down. “Really? You think you are capable of doing anything as you are? Well then how about I demonstrate how dangerous it is for you to remain unskilled? If my son found you he could easily do this.”
Gerieg turned and walked away. He walked straight up to Elo and they nodded for some reason. Suddenly Gerieg slid his left hand just under his partner’s ribs. Then something profound happened. He easily and completely lifted the Beran off the ground with one hand. Gerieg easily lifted well over six times his own body weight with a single hand and held Elo with perfect balance. His expression remained calm and neutral, even under the stress of lifting such weight. Then he slowly put his friend back down on his paws.
The surrounding crowd gasped at such a feat of strength.
Then Gerieg looked at Alex from twenty paces away and before he could even blink the older Furion stood less than a foot away from the younger one, a faint heat was radiating from his body. It was hard for Alex to wrap his mind around to first see Gerieg’s entire body at a distance and then to only see his relaxed facial expression blocking his vision in an instant later. Gerieg’s calm expression showed he was in complete control over himself.
Could I truly be like this? Could I achieve his control?
“As I’ve just demonstrated to you, Alex, you are unprepared for what lies ahead. As of right now you have no control. You rely on outside factors to use your abilities and let me guess...sometimes when you need to use your strength as a Furion, they fail you. And also when you don’t need them you still receive the strength. Am I right?”
He brought back the memories of Rakkian cutting Lily’s arm during the sparring exhibition and the time he shook uncontrollably after hearing that she had been raped by her master. Allahandra’s table will never be the same.
In a quiet voice he admitted “Aye, you are right... I now understand.”
He smiled and put a hand on the lad’s shoulder. “That is alright. Let me tell you something real quick. It took me three years after my abilities were fully realized to finish the training. At your level of development you have already completed the first year’s of Furion training.”
Those words did help. “Alright, how soon until we have to leave?”
He smiled gratefully. “Go and pack what you need. I will wait here until your return. But make haste.” His eyes were calm as he looked back at Allahandra. “My Queen, stay alive until Alex returns. When he does, I’ll show you the best strategies to defeat your enemy.”
He turned around and walked away. As he conversed with Kikren and the others, their group of four walked back to where everyone anxiously waited. While they walked Alex had to tell Shade what was said. He seemed both reluctant and ecstatic to leave with the new people. He had so many questions. He wasn’t alone.
Lily was the first to ask questions and Alex told her what was said. Her instantaneous reply was “Let me ride back to the castle with you.”
Not knowing how patient Gerieg is, they both jumped on Shade’s back and people moved away as they headed back to the castle. She didn’t like the part about hearing that he could die from using his abilities in ignorance. Lily was then a little too quiet on the ride back to the castle.

Once inside the castle Lily went straight to her room while Alex went to his. He grabbed his leather pack, stuffed four pairs of clothes and other necessities inside it. He also made sure that the three Xeal seeds were secured. He also added several new unscented soap cakes from the cabinet beside the bath and Shade’s brush was also stored in the backpack before it was closed. He then slid his sharpened knife in his pocket and was almost ready. He used the large and freshly watered ewer to help fill both water skins and looked at the room one last time. It would be a very long time before they would return to the city, if at all. Once Alex reentered the hallway, Lily was already packed and waiting.
“I’m coming with you. We didn’t express our love for each other last night just so I could watch you leave my side without me the very next day.” She smiled and he caved. She did have a point and he didn’t want to leave her either.

They arrived back to Gerieg and the crowd had grown further. Once on the inside of the circled perimeter they dismounted. Gerieg then calmly walked up to the three of them and looked pointedly at Lily. She seemed to slightly cringe under his icy stare. “Young lady, might I ask what you are doing?” He gestured to her full pack.
Everyone instinctively began backing up when he looked at them. This Furion wanted to have some privacy with them.
He finally blinked so she could take a breath to speak. “Wherever Alex goes, I go. And my name is Lily by the way.”
Gerieg’s jaw clenched as he sighed deeply through his nose. He looked between the young pair painfully. “Lily, do you love Alex with all you have? I have to ask.” He watched as her hand found his and they twined together. “I can see that you do.” He sighed heavily and shook his head.
“What is the problem?” Alex asked evenly.
“I wish I didn’t have to say this,” When he opened his eyes, he really didn’t want to. He looked to have aged ten years and pain streaked his expression. “but you cannot depart with us. Not even my aid can go where we are heading.” Lily’s hand only held tighter after hearing this. “When I look at the two of you I see myself and my wife from the past. I too wanted to take her with me, but my father had to show me so that I could understand why she couldn’t come with us. You see, if you followed us you will die.” Lily’s fair face paled and Alex’s did the same. His words were pained facts. “What you don’t know is that where we are traveling will kill any normal human who enters. Only Furions and the most powerful of fiends are naturally equipped to survive for what we will soon face. I’m capable of protecting Alex until he can fend for himself, but you’ll be a liability for the both of us. I can see you are a strong and willed woman, but even you would be killed in less than an hour. And that is only from finding the entrance. I beg of you, please reconsider…for Alex’s sake.” Gerieg glanced painfully at him for some reason. “He will need to know that you will be safe so he can return home to you. Please consider these words?”
Her beautiful face looked away from him and sought his. “Alex, is he lying to me?”
Alex looked into his eyes one last time. “I doubt it. And I’m getting the feeling that he is understating the danger for your sanity.” His blue eyes widened. “Whatever awaits me will be more difficult than I’ve yet to realize. But he says it will help me. If it will make me stronger and better able to protect others, how could I refuse his generous offer to help?”
She looked down at the road and asked “Lord Gerieg, could you please give us a few moments please?”
He placed a fatherly hand on her shoulder. “Of course, Lily. Just know, I’m glad Alex found a woman strong enough to keep him in line.” He grinned playfully down at the woman Alex loves. From the way he spoke it sounded like his late wife was also a strong woman too.
He walked away and they now had some privacy.
Lily’s voice softened to a timid nature. “If this is what you want, I’ll support your decision, but…”
“This isn’t a want, Lily. I don’t ever want to leave you, but I need to do this. I will do whatever it takes and do it as quickly as possible. I will be back to you as soon and humanly possible… or should I say as soon as a Furion can.” She smiled. “I will always come back for you and don’t forget that.”
Her shyness vanished and a hit of humorous cruelty took its place. “I’ll wait for you, but if you find another woman… there will be serious punishment dealt.” She grabbed the hilts of her swords meaningfully.
“Is that a promise!?” A grin spread across her face as she saw his smile.
“You better believe it. Let me give you something to look forward to upon your return.” She released her hold on her swords and she pulled him into another soul shattering kiss. Some people clapped while others gasped in shock.
When they pulled away he said “That was good, but you’ll get even more than that from me, when I come back.”
“Is that a promise!?” She shouted in an expectant voice.
Alex watched as Gerieg leapt inhumanly onto Elo’s back. It was as if Gerieg was weightless because it was an effortless leap from a standing still position. Sheer jumped down off her perch just as Gerieg helped Kikren up. They were only waiting for him now.
Allahandra gave a quick hug and told Alex to come back as soon as possible and she’d wait to see the results of the training. Marlin grasped his wrist and told his friend to be safe. Niranene said she would keep an eye out for Marlin and Lily. And lastly General Rakkian playfully punched his good shoulder and said everyone would be safe under his axe.
Alex then watched as Shade said his goodbyes and some children cried. Shade put a stop to that with a lick to one little girl’s face. The children laughed from then on in because they didn’t want to be kissed next.
“Ready to go, Big Brother?” Shade asked reluctantly, periodically glancing at all those who he came to befriend.
“The sooner we start the training the sooner we can come home.”
Alex quickly jumped on his back with less grace than Gerieg showed. Elo turned around and began walking down the road without another word. Sheer took into the air and Shade followed, unsure on how to react to the pressure of leaving his friends.
The people of the city were wishing a safe journey and a hopeful return.

Just before leaving, Alex stole one last glance and saw only a moon goddess standing tall and proud. She would be waiting for his return the most.
Now Alex was off to begin the next part of his journey.





Be sure to follow Alex’s and Shade’s further adventure in:
Furion’s Trials





Be sure to read other books by this author:

Balancer’s Cycle
Balancer’s Soul
Changer’s Blood
Keeper’s Knowledge
Harmonizer’s Evolution

The Item Trilogy
Untamed Gift
Furion’s Trials
Ra’van

Death Incarnate Saga (Coming Fall of 2013)
The Grin of Prophecy
Familiar’s Ancient Throne
Laugh of Destruction
Ascension of the Warlock
Empress’s Endgame

Spirit Guide Saga (Coming Fall of 2014)

Star Pirate Legends (Coming Fall of 2015)
