Upon
This
Raak

Published by Gerry Markee
Copyright  2015 Gerry Markee

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.






Hard is the world!
Sensual sin grows huge.
There are sword-ages, axe-ages;
Shields are cleft in twain;
Storm-ages, murder ages;
Till the world falls dead,
And men no longer spare
Or pity one another












TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter One   James Thurber
Chapter Two   Thomas Jefferson
Chapter Three   Seth
Chapter Four   H.S Truman 
Chapter Five   Northrup Frye
Chapter Six   Thomas Szasz
Chapter Seven   Amelia Barr
Chapter Eight   T.S. Eliot
Chapter Nine   Richard Nixon
Chapter Ten   G.K. Chesterton
Chapter Eleven   Matthew 10:34
Chapter  Twelve   John Dryden
Chapter Thirteen  H.L. Mencken
Chapter Fourteen   W. Somerset-Maugham
Chapter Fifteen  Mark Twain
Chapter Sixteen   Ernest Rehan
Chapter Seventeen  Charles Colton 
Chapter Eighteen   General McAuliffe
Chapter Nineteen   Woody Allen
Chapter Twenty   J. Enoch-Powell
Chapter Twenty-One   Winston Churchill








CHAPTER ONE

Human Dignity has gleamed only now and then and here and there, in lonely splendor, throughout the ages, a hope of the better men, never an achievement of the majority.
James Thurber (1894–1961)

I
Zaburo padded through the shadows to the stables. He slipped inside, unseen, and passed three stalls without disturbing the horses. The shadow slipped into the stall with the furry mountain pony. Soothing the pony with his expert hands, he fed her a carrot from his cloak pocket. Relaxed, the pony ignored him as he sat in the shadows. 
The dwarf staggered into the dimly lit stables, his hot gold and silver jingling in a huge pouch at his side. He was giggling to himself as he rolled his dice around in his fingers. He came up to the stall, tucked the dice back into his sleeve and gave a loud belch. 
"Nice of them to give me that last drink," he muttered. "Guess it doesn't hurt to be nice to a winner.” He leaned against the stall for a moment and laughed. He pulled himself together then tossed the saddle over his pony. 
Zaburo gripped his blackjack and crouched low on the other side of the pony. He could see the dwarf's legs and he tensed up. The saddle plopped onto the pony's back. The stirrup smacked the shadow in the back. The dwarf reached down to tighten the saddle, and found he was looking right into piercing dark eyes. The face was covered, except the eyes. 
Crunch! Zaburo snapped the heavy blackjack into the dwarf's nose. A muffled groan. The dwarf fell forward onto his elbows into the straw under the pony. Zaburo dropped the sap and whipped out the garrote like a coiled snake. It snapped out and swiftly coiled around the dwarf's neck twice. He grabbed the other handle and with one strong reef pulled both ends as far apart as possible. The dwarf smacked face first into the straw frantically trying to pull the wire loose. Zaburo let the wire go and the dwarf tugged the garrote loose. The shadow grabbed the dwarf's ears, reefed the head left, and heard a dry snap. 
The little dwarf cheat slumped into the straw as his body voided itself. Zaburo uncoiled his garrote and tucked it back into his pocket. He hooked his blackjack onto his belt, intently watching and listening. Patting down the sleeves of the cheater he found the dice. Zaburo tucked them into his belt. He snapped off the money pouch and tucked it into his side loot pocket. 
Satisfied he had everything, Zaburo peeked over the stall. Seeing no one there, the pulled a small dart out of his sleeve and poked the pony in the neck. The poison acted quickly. The pony dropped on top of the body of the little cheat. He could hear more bones break and he smiled. Zaburo checked the pony and found it was still breathing. Good. He slipped back into the night. 
Kuranas was a bustling little frontier town on the eastern fringes of the Kingdom of Darvuun. This town on the farthest reaches of human civilization had been colonized by humans thirty years ago. Originally a military outpost established at the end of the Vilehand War, it had developed into an important hub for future Darvuunian expansion. 
Kuranas sat with its back against the wall. The western side was the base of a precipice over six hundred feet high. An unassailable volcanic ridge behind it and an open plain in front, guarded the only large valley for miles that opened into the river plains beyond. The main castle snuggled up to the wall with a horseshoe wall around it. The next ring housed the rich and powerful merchants and then the city spread out. The markets, businesses, and homes of the rest spread down to the flat lands below where a ten-foot high horseshoe wall swept around everything, curling back to the precipice wall. 
Outside of the last wall a tent city for the poorer souls and transients had grown into a permanent shanty town. Small bars were set up in huge tents, catering to the wandering mercenaries, adventurers, and crooks. Law was virtually non-existent here, protection being a service of Guilds of extortionists and murderers. But some law was better than no law at all. Gambling, drug dealing, and smuggling were the main industries here, and of course there were the peripheral service industries, like money laundering, property recovery, and contract enforcement. 
Here the borders of Darvuun tended to be a little fluid as a result of the continuing skirmishes with the degenerate offspring of outlaws and barbaric half-breeds, the Nomads of Kooran. These barbarians worshipped the Dark One Koo-Ra, an unknown and unseen god. Over the decades, outlaws and assorted scum of the earth had developed into a clannish society of warriors of the plains. They were accomplished horsemen and archers of great renown. The only time they came together was to trade and raid. 
To the north were the Draakka, the dark elves ruled under the iron scepter of Immortal Mhel-Khur. Little was known of them, other than they were demon-worshippers. What was known was that they held a lot of territory and did not tolerate humans; in fact they hated them intensely. 
Lastly, to the south in the lands called Tangersee, ruled a bestial race of warlike psychopaths called the Raak. They were ugly to behold, having the face of a warthog, including a pair of tusks protruding from the lower jaw of their snouts. They were a race covered in a short but thick coat of hair. 
The Raak were the numerically largest race aside from humans on the continent. Between wars, they existed as a loose collection of a dozen tribes. There had been thirteen once, but the Vile Hand Tribe had been annihilated twenty years ago. They had been the Royal Clan of the Raak, but they were gone now. 
It was at the end of the Vilehand War that Kuranas was established as a military post, then as a thriving trading post. But the thriving was in the black market, smuggled gems, illegal drugs - including the fabled mauve hashish of Tangersee, and weapons. In twenty years it had grown to a thriving town of ten thousand Darvuunian settlers and soldiers. 
The growing illicit trade with the Raak had an effect on the Osiris-worshipping Darvuunians. Exposed to the worship of the Lord of Shadows and the Night, some of them began to openly scorn the official state Osiran religion. Over a period of time, Guilds of Thieves and Assassins prospered in this rough area, wielding incredible economic power and influence. Their influence enhanced the growth of the worship of Seth, and created some concern in the capital city of Nova-Primus. 
The military had been co-opted years ago, and a system of controlled bribery, hidden taxes and tithes existed beneath the facade of good Darvuunian government. Anything could be smuggled or bought with the right hands greased or controlled. This was enhanced by the co-operation of the Wizard’s Guild that was the primary large-scale market for mauve hashish. 
With the military making money on arms and the magicians making substantial profits from the illicit trade in drugs, both tended to look the other way on other types of smuggling and illegal activity. The main concern of the Darvuunian government was to be a growing military presence on the eastern coast of the River Yax. The government knew that corruption was widespread, but did nothing. They knew the wizards were involved, but society was wracked with dissension and King Andraxan feared a civil war. Andraxan saw Kuranas as the vanguard in a long term plan to expand further east of the River Yax. He would look the other way, for now. 
Beyond the last of the ratty tenements that defined the city limits of Kuranas patrolled the heavy cavalry of the Darvuunian Army. Patrols were frequent and heavily armed, which helped to "regulate" the trade entering and exiting Kuranas. They also were very often involved in small battles and skirmishes with the Kooranian barbarians. Over the years, they had solidified their hold on this area, but there were surprises once in awhile. 
Every so often a mad prophet would rise up as a Spirit Speaker and rouse the barbarians into a holy war for one cause or another. The last Holy War had been stopped just outside the city walls of Kuranas with the introduction of Crossbowmen in battle. This deadly weapon, developed initially by the Raak had been improved on by Kuranas' weapon-makers. The Kooranian horsemen might be good light cavalry, but crossbows and heavy cavalry were slowly winning the war. 

III

It was in Kuranas that Zaburo Tolchak grew into manhood. He knew his beginnings. He knew he had been rescued from the last remnants of the Vilehand Clan of the Raak. The Vilehand had been slaughtered after their armada had been driven ashore by the Geondran and Darvuunian fleets not far from modern Kuranas. In one of the last of the camps of the Vilehand, Captain Anza Tolchak freed a child from a slave pen. That child clutched the leg of the warrior that freed him. Anza Tolchak became his guardian and named him Zaburo. 
Zaburo became the son of Anza Tolchak, honorably retired Captain of the Guard, noted philanthropist, and gem dealer. Zaburo excelled in his weapon training early becoming a master of the longsword, dagger, blackjack, throwing stars, and darts. He was passable with a battle-axe, but it was not his favorite. He preferred the small hand-crossbow that he hid in a holster under his right arm, a rare choice of weapon, and deadly when used by an expert. He was an expert. 
As the son of such a prominent merchant, Zaburo began his career as a guard on the caravans that traveled much of the northern trade areas of Tangersee and beyond Darvuun to the east. During that time, he learned the languages of the Raak, becoming an expert in negotiations with the beast men. He had shared the fires of the Crimson Blade, the Festering Fist, and the Bleeding Jaw Clans. He had shared fires with the barbarians on the steppes and had earned their respect as a warrior. 
Zaburo also became an assassin. He became his father's son. Anza was a ruthless crime lord, head of the largest guild of thieves and assassins in Kuranas, known as the Kuranas Institute of Contract Killing. Subtle, he wasn't. He introduced Zaburo to the art of killing at a young age and was pleasantly surprised. Zaburo made his first hit when he was twelve, a young thief who had raided his father's garden. He had trailed him through the dark streets, knifed him in the back, and returned a bag of radishes to his father's kitchen. 
Anza gave him a starmetal-edged dagger in honor of his first kill. Anza was proud of his son. Moving in the darkness and the shadows seemed almost like second nature to Zaburo.  He could climb walls in the darkness almost seeming to meld with the shadows, which mystified Anza. Without the instruction of the guilds, his son developed a wide range of talents in the area of disguises. He drifted among the rich patrons of his casino and charmed them with his glib tongue while emptying their purses with his lighter than velvet touch. He was no mere thief. There was no greater quarry than a creature’s life. He liked finding the cheaters; for they paid the ultimate penalty. Anza saw that ancient wisdom in his son’s eyes and knew he was a killer. 
Zaburo never told anyone that he could see heat auras in the dark. People covered in a shimmering red light could not hide in the shadows. It was not something humans seemed to be able to do, which made him conclude that one of his parents had been a Raak, likely his father. The beast men lived much of their lives in shadows and caves, moving about mostly in the darkness of night. Raak had a habit of taking human women as slaves to breed or simply as pleasure slaves. It would seem that he had some of his father's abilities. It was his edge. 
By the time Zaburo was fourteen, he had one of the highest success rates in the Guild, twenty perfect missions. He also had one of the highest "collateral kills" rates in the entire guild, at sixteen. Those were people who were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Some called them innocent by-standers, but he never saw it that way. He killed with ease, grace, and savage cruelty. At sixteen, Zaburo Tolchak was presented the Black Kris dagger of merit at a midnight meeting of the entire Guild to celebrate his fiftieth successful mission. Three years later he was promoted to partner-member of the guild for his successes in smuggling mauve, gems, as well as a dozen legitimate trade deals. 
Still, he enjoyed those nights in the casino, learning much from the happy and the desperate, the gambler and the cheat. There is much to be learned from people and the value of money.  He had great promise in this land of opportunity. 

IV

Smoke filled the large chamber of the casino. Clouds of purple smoke swirled in with the white haze of pipeweed, creating a layer of smog about seven feet from the floor, making the ceiling hard to see. The din of hundreds of players made normal conversation almost impossible. The moans, groans, and cheers of the lucky and unlucky were heard from time to time. The thick mauve smoke from the complimentary water pipes of this upper crust establishment. Only the rich could afford mauve hashish and gambling. 
Over near the central fountain a statue of Bast, goddess of cats, was a table of dwarves, warriors slugging back the ale and throwing their money down on a game of dice. Watching the dwarves was a lean man in a loose blue robe. He calmly scanned the crowd, the usual collection of warriors and merchants and upper class sycophants. 
Anza Tolchak, the owner of the Sacred Dice Casino and Tavern lightly ran his fingers over his arms and body, checking his wide array of concealed weapons: knives, throwing stars, and small poison darts. He slicked back his greasy black hair with one hand, made filthy by the long heated night and the smoke. 
He smiled as he watched the fat dwarf merchant lose another stack of silver on a single roll of the dice. That smile vanished when he noticed the drooling dwarf expertly slip a set of dice from his sleeve and palm them. The croupier pushed the dice to the dwarf. He swept them up with a flourish, and adeptly switched the dice. He was good, noted Anza. The dwarf hurled the dice across the table. 
Anza watched the merchant slowly recoup his losses and then begin to take the house. The dwarf rolled the dice a few more times and scored one more big pot again. The dwarf switched the dice one more time and passed the bones to the next player. The cheater accepted a goblet of wine from the hostess, patted her plush ass, and scooped up his winnings. He stood up and bowed to the table and headed off to the bathroom. 
Anza scanned the crowd until he caught the eye of a young waiter and scratched his forehead. The waiter made his way through the crowd, picking up empty tankards, deliberately passing by Anza. Anza flashed a quick succession of finger motions with his left hand. 
The waiter nodded and returned to the bar, tossing the tankards in the vat of water. He asked for three more but the real message was spoken with his hands. The Host nodded, and when he finished pouring the tankards, dried his hands and went into the back. "Zaburo," he called softly into the curtained room. "Anza needs you at the fountain." 
The young man looked up from his scroll, a treatise on foreign and domestic toxins, Contemporary Poisons, Volume III. Zaburo’s dark hair was slicked back behind his ears and tied in a ponytail with a red cord. His sparse goatee was also dark, but with flecks of red, but his most striking feature were his eyes. His eyes were dark and piercing. They seemed to see everything and give away nothing. He set down his scroll, gulped back a mouthful of coffee, then grabbed a tray of sandwiches and headed out into the crowd. He wove his way quickly through the crowd, touching no one until he arrived at the pillar next to Anza. He offered the plate to his father, who took one and popped it into his mouth. He cleaned his fingers by flicking away the crumbs.
Zaburo read his father’s silent message, then scanned the crowd until he saw the dwarf as his father had described. He finger signed his understanding. Zaburo cleared his throat. "Another, sir?" 
"No thanks, I hate tuna." 
Zaburo nodded and returned to the kitchen. He set down the plate and took a sip of wine. He knew Anza might not approve. He shrugged a silent, so what? He took a small bronze key from his shirt pocket and opened the flour bin. He wiped off a spot at the back of the bin and slid the key into a slot. There was a soft click as the back of the bin under a flour bag popped open. 
Zaburo pushed aside the flour bag, then opened the bin and began sorting through. He selected a wire garrote with pearl handles, some throwing stars, and his favorite lead pellet blackjack. He checked to make sure he had everything, and then stashed the bag back into its secret nook. He was pleased with that place. Two months and still Anza had yet to find it. Zaburo slipped off his waiter's robe, revealing his dark nightclothes and clipped on his gear. He took his small thick sword from the wall and hooked it over his shoulder. He finally slid a matte black mask over his face and slipped out the back door into the shadowy alley. 
The ladies were clearing the debris of another profitable night under the watchful eye of Grummah, an unbelievably ugly ogre from beyond the steppes, hired as a bouncer and staff manager. He always made sure that he got his fair share of the spare change found on the floor. He had worked for Anza for years and was happy in this menial, but necessary job. The pay was pretty good too. He also liked it when he got a chance to punch out some snob with more money than muscles. Intelligence was not his long suit but that wasn’t his job. 
Anza sat in the dark corner, sipping a glass of the finest vintage wine in the house. It was his favorite wine, a heavy and sweet drink from the northern provinces of Darvuun. Few people ever tasted it, only Anza, a few close friends, and those about to die. When that fat dwarf fool had thanked him for the glass of wine as a parting gesture of the house, Anza had smiled graciously. 
As he went over the receipts for the night he shook his head. It was a little low for a weekend, not factoring in that little sneak and his funny dice. It was bad enough that Lady Luck had been overly generous to the rubes tonight, but what the hell? 
Zaburo, dressed once again as a waiter, dropped the heavy bag on the table in front of Anza. He gnawed on a drumstick for a moment as he watched Anza open the bag and count the coins. "He cleaned up pretty well, five thousand gold total. I recovered his dice and have taken out my commission." 
Anza closed the bag and smiled. Still smiling, he punched Zaburo in the side of the head. He stood up and looked down as the young man staggered back into another table, knocking it over and landing on his ass. An empty goblet rolled off the table and bounced and clattered away. Zaburo glared at Anza without understanding. "It is the right of the Guildmaster to make all commission payments of recovered property or on assigned tasks. It is not for you to decide on your fee, not now, not ever. Your fee for this task is Guild standard one hundred gold, not ten percent of the goods. The Guild charges ten percent for return; it does not pay it out. You presume much. And sometimes forget your place." 
Zaburo wiped away the blood from his ear and jaw slowly. He wanted to kill this pretentious little bastard. He looked him over and read his strengths and weaknesses. Now was not the time. He tossed his money pouch to Anza and watched him take out the fees, leaving only a hundred in the bag, five solid coins of the realm. 
Anza tossed him back the bag and smiled. “The flour bin.” 
Zaburo took a slow deep breath and then left the room. 
"You (chop) owe (chop) me (chop) four (chop) hundred (chop) gold (chop) pieces 
(chop). Forehand, backhand, the heavy black sword dug deep into the wooden post. Sweat rolled down his face and his sword sliced through the night air. Huge chips of wood tumbled through the air landing in the grass outside the practice circle. 
He stepped back from the pole and began to weave figure eight’s in the darkness. In his mind's eye he saw four opponents closing on him. Thrusting low and straight he thunked into the wood, imagining that he disemboweled the first attacker. He pulled loose and rolled to the left. Coming up to his feet he sliced up, cutting a deep gash in the neck pole. He imagined the man falling, shrieking as his blood spewed out between his fingers. 
He dropped to one knee and thrust the blade over his shoulder. The blade thunked into the chest of the next warrior. He pulled loose and rolled forward. He came up in a crouch. He snapped his right wrist forward; a black dart whistled out of his sleeve and struck the head of the archery target. He twirled his blade through the air and sheathed it smooth as glass into his scabbard without looking. He strolled up to the target and frowned. The dart had struck the nose of the figure. "Damn," he muttered. "… too low, again." He pulled loose the dart and clipped it back inside his sleeve. 

V

Seth, Lord of Shadows and the Night, sat back on his shadowy Throne of Skulls and caressed his long chin thoughtfully. The young warrior in the obsidian crystal went through the kata again. This time Zaburo hit the eye of the target with his dart. Seth nodded with satisfaction. He rose from the throne and scratched his head with his black ankh-staff. His lightly glowing blue eyes made his jackal teeth glimmer in the swirling dark. He passed his black hand over the crystal and the light faded. Fog swirled around the throne; he faded away into the mists. Maybe there was a small laugh, but it was lost in the cold winds from his leaving. 
 


CHAPTER TWO

The tree of Liberty is a delicate plant. It must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural manure.
-Thomas Jefferson


Four war-horses clumped their way over the cobblestone streets, sometimes almost trampling on the reeking peasants too slow or too stupid to get out of the way. Two noblemen in grey plate armor and their bodyguards from the Elite Darvuun Guard barely noticed the rabble as people, merely impediments in their path. 
The first bore the insignia of the All-Seeing Golden Eye on each shoulder of his dark blue robe, a High-Lord Darvuunian General. His ram-horned helmet swung from his saddle horn and a glittering double-bladed axe rested across his lap. His golden hair was long, held at the back by a wrapped silver chain, highlighting his severe and angular features. He confidently steered his horse with delicate pressure from his knees into the crowd. He was Lord Commander of the Army of the Kingdom of Darvuun, Braz-nur. 
His companion had a single smaller Golden Eye in a golden pyramid on his right shoulder. He was Braz-nur’s younger brother Caran-nur, Commander-In-Chief of the Elite Darvuun, the personal royal guard of the King. He looked very much like his older brother including the hair and nose. His hair was also long, held at the back by a chain of small obsidian ankhs, the looped cross. Over his shoulder was slung the gem-encrusted hilt of his greatsword, Nightslayer. 
The other two were the standard assigned bodyguards of the Generals, masked and each carrying lance and mace. The lances also functioned as honor flags during ceremonial displays, but could very quickly become highly effective weapons. One carried the Two Sun Pennant of the Lord Commander of the Army, and the other the One Sun Pennant of the Commander of the Elite Darvuun. They were never seen without their masks and seldom heard to speak. 
"By His Beard," cursed Caran-nur. "This is getting worse every day. What the hell is taking Andraxan so long to get his act together?" Caran-nur kicked a peasant in the head and cursed, thought he heard a muffled scream but was not sure. There was blood on his new boots. "It will take swords to get this mess straightened out,” he muttered. 
Braz-nur pushed a peasant aside with his foot. He loosened the war-horse’s reins. The horse chomped the peasant, ripping off his shirt and drawing blood from man's torn shoulder. Braz-nur laughed. "All he has to do is give the order.” 
Caran-nur shook his head. “Unfortunately, Andraxan is an asshole. It those damned priests who are getting his ear. It's crap." 
The peasants reacted to the casual arrogance of the nobles with a sudden explosion of anger. Braz-nur was smacked on the thigh with a tomato, staining his new pants. The fact they dared shocked Braz-nur. They were getting very angry and he felt the hairs on his arms and neck stand up. 
The bodyguards lowered their lances as the peasants moved to block the path yelling and screaming. One pointed his lance at the chest of a woman who was giving him the finger. She shrieked something incoherent and tried to grab the lance. Without hesitation, the bodyguard thrust, burying the pointed tip into the base of her throat. He twisted it and pulled it free. 
They attacked him instantly. The mob swarmed the bodyguard, roaring like an injured savage beast. Dozens of filthy hands grabbed at his legs on both sides and tore the lance from his hand. He was ripped from his mount and they tore the mace from his saddle. The bodyguard clanged to the cobblestones and disappeared under a pile of raging bodies, screaming. One of them finally found the bodyguard’s boot dagger and plunged it into the screaming man’s groin. 
"Holy Fuck!" Braz-nur whipped his Great Axe up from his lap and kneed his war-horse into action. He plunged forward, attacking the enraged mob splattering blood with every swipe of his axe. All he could see was a sea of faces and blood. His mount reared and pounded into the crowd. A horse made for battle, its blood sang and its eyes and nostrils flared wide. Hooves crushed faces and teeth ripped flesh. Braz-nur's axe wove a pattern of green death as he summoned its powers from deep inside. He focused his hate and rage. Every blow left hideous wounds that rotted flesh at a horrifying speed for those he did not kill outright. Using his knees to steer, he headed his mount into the open square. 
Braz-nur wheeled around in the square; now finally clear of the narrow street. He turned to locate his brother at the moment Caran-nur went down under the grasping hands of the mob. Braz-nur roared in maniacal rage. He charged back into the crowd, throwing himself from his mount and into the crowd. He heard Caran-nur's howl of pain, then his final shriek. He tore into the crowd with the other bodyguard using his metal-spiked mace. Splattering limbs and skulls, ripping open flesh, methodically killing with his glowing axe. Faces were slashed open by his spiked gauntlets. The axe whistled and killed, cutting through the unarmored crowd with ridiculous ease. 
The peasants were horrified at the monstrous specters of death and broke, screaming and fleeing down through the streets away from the square, leaving the markets deserted. Dozens were trampled in the panic that ensued. 
When the City Guard finally arrived, Braz-nur stood deep among a pile of corpses straddling the body of his brother. His axe had faded and was covered in gore, like himself. He clutched his axe in front of him, breathing deeply ignoring the blood that trickled down his face and hair. The crowd was fleeing down the streets fearing the soldiers and the insane warrior. There was no pursuit. The soldiers set up a protective perimeter around the square. 
The Captain of the City Guard bowed to Braz-nur. "My Lord, we regret your loss. Let us escort you to the palace. We will do what must be done." 
Braz-nur looked up from the face of his brother. It had been smashed beyond recognition. It had been ripped apart by bare hands in a paroxysm of mob rage. He felt like his chest wanted to explode in rage and sorrow. This should not have happened. Braz-nur stepped up to the officer and glared at the gleaming eye medallion of Andraxan around the officer's neck. With a swift chop, the officer's head flew from his shoulders. It rolled away into the carnage. Braz-nur spat on the headless body, blood still pumping from the neck stump and splattering his boots. 
"Burn in the Nine Hells," he cursed. The members of the City Guard stood in shock and did nothing when Braz-nur and his bodyguard pushed them aside and strode across the square then up the steps of the palace. He swept passed the two pike men at the top of the steps. Still holding his axe in his left hand, he pushed open the door and entered. 
“Loran.” Braz-nur strode across the entryway to the First Officer of the Elite Darvuun who was standing talking to two members of the Imperial Guard. 
Loran turned. "Aye, First Officer Loran at your command, Lord Commander." The man stared at Braz-nur for a moment. “My Lord, you are injured. I thought Caran-nur was with you,” he said looking behind Braz-nur. “What has happened?” 
"Caran will not be joining us. He is outside. The scum killed him with their bare hands. Send a team to recover his body." He suppressed the outer rage and let the anger grow cold in his heart. He looked down at the axe in his hand and took a deep breath. 
First Officer Loran was stricken. His Commander, his mentor, his friend was dead. “Anything else you require, my Lord?" 
"Today is a good day for an imperial audience." He looked straight into Loran's eyes. “Praise Seth, Lord Commander Loran of the Elite Darvuun.” 
Loran looked at Braz-nur and smiled. After all this time the call had come. "It will be as you command, Sire." He strode down the hall shouting orders and calling the men of the Elite Darvuun to arms. 
Braz-nur looked at his bodyguard. "It is a good day." The man nodded and fell in behind him as Braz-nur strolled towards the Throne Room of Andraxan, his dripping axe still clutched in his hand. 
The air was hazy in the throne room. The smoke from the burning and rioting in the city below drifted in through the open balconies that looked over Nova-Primus. Andraxan sat slumped on his throne of white quartz, his purple robe wrapped around him. His long white hair was loose over his wrinkled face, his beard untrimmed and uncombed. Thirty years he had been king. He took the throne after his father died in the Vilehand War and had ruled for that long. Now he looked like a tired and spent old man. 
Braz-nur threw his axe onto the marble floor in front of him. It clanged across the floor hitting the bottom step of the dais of the throne. No one entered the presence of the King, weapon-in-hand. He marched across the throne room. "They have slain Caran-nur! Those fucking scum ripped him apart like carrion." He strode across the throne room's golden carpet and stopped at the foot of the dais. "If YOU had not tied my hands, this never would have happened!" He glared up at the King. He spared a moment for the waste of good air beside him, the High Prelate of the Darvuunian Order of Osiris. He hated this obnoxiously polite asshole. Just looking at him and he wanted to puke. 
The king sat up and parted his robe in regal style. "I grieve for your loss, Lord-General." He sat up looking sternly down at Braz-nur. "You know my policies. We will not kill our own people with the army. These hard times shall pass. With the aid of our neighbors and the will of Osiris we shall come through this." 
"That's bullshit," spat Braz-nur. “They have also felt the effects of three years of drought. They can barely supply their own needs.” 
“Lord Braz-nur, you are speaking to your king. You will accord yourself in the proper manner in my presence.” 
“And you are a blind fool, Andraxan. You surround yourself with blind stupid fools. While you wait, the city burns. We must establish order. Call out the army now.”
"General, this cannot continue." The King sighed. "You are relieved of your post."  Andraxan motioned to the two crossbowmen that stepped out of the alcoves on either side of him. "You will leave Nova-Primus and return to your estate. These gentlemen will escort you to the door." 
The black and green clad guards came down the stairs and stood in front of Braz-nur, their crossbows pointed at his chest. Braz-nur looked around the Throne Room, picking out the sycophants, assholes and other hangers-on. He had been so angry when he came in he had not even seen them. Just as well. They made him ill. Weak philandering fools who served very little purpose in life, they stood around eating dainty delicacies while those outside starved and raged without control throughout the city. They were too stupid to see the real danger out there. 
Braz-nur turned to the guard and held out his hand. "Asshole remover, Captain." 
The guard smiled. "As you wish Sire," He handed over his crossbow to Braz-nur, stepped back and bowed. 
“My thanks.” Braz-nur casually shot Andraxan in the chest. The King had not even realized what was happening, not even when the bolt flung him back on the throne. That comes from being an inbred weakling, thought Braz-nur. He doubted if Andraxan even knew he was dead. The King slumped and slid off his throne, leaving a thick trail of blood. 
The second guard turned and immediately shot the priest in the head with a star bolt, shredding his skull. The priest collapsed and rolled down the stairs, ending up in front of Braz-nur. 
The Elite Darvuun Guards appeared from their holes in the walls, swords drawn. The people in court froze, almost afraid to breathe. They felt seconds from death. The shocking death of Andraxan and the High Priest had happened so quickly. The Ambassadors from Geondra instinctively reached for weapons that were not there. 
Braz-nur strode up the stairs and looked down at Andraxan's body. He put his heavy boot down on the back and drove the quarrel through the body. He wrenched it free and wiped it clean on the Andraxan’s royal ermine. Braz-nur stepped over the body and sat down on the blood-soaked seat. Streaked in blood, an image from the Hells claimed the throne of Darvuun. 
His bodyguard retrieved his battle-axe from the bottom of the steps and went to one knee as he returned it to Braz-nur. “Emperor of Darvuun.” 
Lord Commander Loran came into the throne room, followed by a detachment of 
Imperial Guard and stopped at the foot of the dais. "The palace is secured. Messengers have been dispatched to all Commanders." 
"Thank you Lord Commander Loran," said Braz-nur. "You have the list?" Loran nodded. "Commence immediately." 
With frightening speed, the troops swept through the crowd, seizing some of the people and herding them to the door. Loran verified each according to a scroll and ordered them arrested and removed. One merchant-prince objected strongly. He shook free of his guard and strutted up to the dais, puffing himself up indignantly. 
“I am Count Ib-Liz Nomarh. I will not be treated in this manner.”
Before his foot touched the stair, Braz-nur simply looked down at him. "Kill him." 
His bodyguard shot the man in the chest. Braz-nur smiled as the man’s eyes opened in shock as he died. The bolt passed through his heart, out through his back, and sunk into the stone floor as if it were wood. He died in mid-stride. A waste case anyway, thought Braz-nur, a dirt bag of little value except that he was a cousin of some sort to Andraxan. The rest of those selected by Loran were herded through the door a bit more quietly. 
All that remained was a motley collection of merchants of debatable character, and the Ambassadors, likely also of debatable character. Braz-nur glared down at the Geondrans, two priests and a damned Holy Knight of some weird Osiran Order or other. Holy Knights were such a pain in the ass, always trying to cure the ills of your soul, getting in the way of a good poker game, the usual morality crap. 
Next to them, apparently nonplussed by the incidents of the last few minutes were the three elves of Aelus. Warrior-wizards who seemed ageless and almost contemptuous of humans, their faces projected no emotion at all. In their green and silver robes, with silver blades topped with yellow gems hung over their shoulders, they seemingly glared with contempt at Braz-nur. “This is very unseemly.”
The dwarf delegation from Thwarbak did not attempt to hide their rage and disgust. They stood beside the elves with their arms crossed, staring in contempt at the usurper. One of them, the Cultural Attaché, looked down and spat. “Seth sucks.”
“Good theatre,” mused Braz-nur. He leaned forward and looked down at them. He smile became colder "Things are changing in Darvuun. Things have changed. Andraxan and his line are dead. His supporters are in custody and will be crucified within twenty-four hours. Those of you who represent the governments of Geondra, Aelus, and Thwarbak hear this. Any and all existing trade deals, military obligations, treaties and all such agreements are abrogated unilaterally effective immediately. Any new treaties and pacts or reaffirmation of old ones will begin in six days. We have no wish to aggravate our neighbors. We must simply examine all existing treaties to ensure they are consistent with our own aims. You will inform your governments that the Empire of Darvuun expects all currently serving Darvuunian Ambassadors in your countries be repatriated immediately." 
Braz-nur looked down at Holy Knight and sighed. He was one of those perfect specimens of humanity: tall, blonde, incredibly handsome, perfect teeth; a powerful warrior. He was so sanctimonious it made him ill. "Lord Everclear? You, dear sir can pass on the following message to your people: The Order of Osiris is banned from Darvuunian soil. All Osiran properties are immediately forfeit to the Empire and are ordered to leave our soil. I expect compliance within eighteen days. Any Osiran priests found in Darvuun after that will be killed. Any Darvuunian currently involved in Osiran religious orders must leave them within six days or forfeit Darvuunian citizenship. As they are not Darvuunian citizens they will be imprisoned or killed.
The Order of Seth will henceforth inherit such former properties and shall be granted official and honored status in this realm." 
Everclear gasped. This was a catastrophe. The Order of Light expelled and banned. How could the Dark One have made so deep a penetration into Darvuun? This coup, flawlessly executed, must have been in the planning for years for it to be pulled off so smoothly. It was impossible to stop the Darvuunians from doing what they had done. How could they have missed all of this? The Intelligence Ministry had much to explain. "This is not acceptable," said Everclear. 
Braz-nur shrugged. "My dear sir, understand something. At this moment my troops are restoring order in the city and closing down the temples. Andraxan's allies and family have been eliminated. We have total control of the army. The Wizard's Guild supports no one and the Dark Priesthood is emerging from the shadows. In this Empire, the priests will not rule or be the government. Warrior-kings anointed by Seth shall rule in Darvuun. This is reality. This is the new Empire of Darvuun and I am Emperor Braz-nur." He pointed at them with the bloodied crossbow bolt. "Now get out of my sight." 

II

The soldiers and the stifling heat were all that remained of the recent struggles that had taken place. Order had been restored by the army during the night. Hundreds had been arrested, hundreds killed when the army swept the streets clean. The lucky ones were killed in the streets. The unlucky one survived almost four months in the dungeons. There would be no reprieve and there would be order.
Grey-mailed soldiers guarded the perimeter of Execution Court, but there would be no rescuers for those fated to die. Sullenly marched here to see the spectacle the crowd collectively shrugged.. Lords and Ladies mattered little to the average person on the streets. By decree all businesses closed to celebrate the Executions, but the population was tired. Today was simply another hard day. There would be harder ones to come. 
In the Great Square of Nova-Primus, the silent crowds watched dispassionately as the lords of the former dynasty perished horribly, strung up slowly to strangle then crucified. After the condemned stopped twitching, the bodies were impaled on poles set up and down the streets of the capital. Twenty more were strung up, then twenty more. In all, two hundred lords and ladies decorated the poles of the city. Today they would watch executions. It was their civic duty. And when it was done, the new Emperor announced six days of celebration.
The Imperial Keep stood on The Rock in the centre of Nova-Primus, overlooking all of the Golden City of Darvuun. At over two hundred feet high, it was the dominant landmark in the city. A light coating of gold dust made it glitter night and day. On the top of the keep was a small chamber, accessible only to Kings and Emperors. Looking over the Golden City was Darvuun's first Emperor. 
He absent-mindedly rasped his dagger's edge on the stone railing and smelled the smoke on the night air. He wiped away the sweat that rolled down into his eyes. It had been a long hot day. The heat and the food shortage were intolerable. Another season of drought was ravaging the countryside, the third in six years. 
Thousands of peasants had died in the barren and dusty fields. They fled to the cities trying to find relief, only to find there was nothing there for them. Without anything to lose, they rioted. They rioted often. As the riots had escalated, some said instigated by the Black Priesthood, the King had still refused to bring down total martial law. He had refused to use the army against his own people. So the city burned and people died. 
King Andraxan hoped the food relief from Aelus and Geondra might slow down the decay. The only problem was the relief seemed to vanish so quickly, and there were so many who needed the help. The military was of a different mind. As disorder threatened to sweep the Capital city of Darvuun and the lands around, the Generals grew increasingly edgy and angry. The Priesthood kept a tight rein on the military, threatening and cajoling the men and creating discipline problems in order to keep the Generals off balance. It was a high-level battle to limit the power of the Generals and ensure the power of the Geondran and Osiran sponsored Darvuunian King. 
For many years, the Geondrans lead by Lightbearer IV had actively supported King Andraxan as they had his father before him. Darvuun sat on the west bank of the Yax and along the sea, commanding a good piece of territory that might lead to further eastern expansion. Joint military operations had lead to mighty victories, such as the destruction of the Vilehand in the Battle of the Yax decades before. However, during the years of drought, the Geondrans were not as eager to help feed the people, as they seemed to be in arming them. This led to growing resentment among the Generals of Darvuun. There was also another factor, Seth. 
Worshippers of Seth had been infiltrating the ranks of the military for many years, gaining positions of power within all areas of the army, including total control of the Elite Darvuun Guard. Those who could not be turned were slowly shuffled aside into pointless posts, or in some cases, simply removed by assassins. Braz-nur owed his promotion to the office of High Lord of the Army of Darvuun to such an assassination, although unproven. It was said he had fingers in some illicit trading coming through the Kuranas pipelines, but that was mere speculation. He had portrayed himself as a good and loyal officer of the Crown. 
Braz-nur looked down over the city. He could still see the street below, now renamed Empire Avenue. Despite the night, the street was bright, fifty burning stacks of faggots that roasted one hundred citizens who saw fit to object to the ascension of the Emperor. It should have made him feel better, but it did nothing of the kind. He almost felt like frying another fifty. 
He picked up Andraxan’s royal circlet with his calloused hand and sneered. He dropped it to the floor and mashed the crown with his heavy boot. He ground it with his heel until it was nothing but twisted glitter. “Pretty baubles for pretty boys, it is unfit for an Emperor. My axe will be my scepter.” He took a deep breath and then left to meet with his supporters in the Meeting Hall. 
Lord Commander Loran entered the Meeting Hall. Around the table was the new Council of the Empire, men who had planned this for years, even decades. There was a Priest of Seth he did not recognize, General Babaran of Gooth, and a few others that he knew by name or reputation but had never met formally. Braz-nur sat at the head of the table, his dagger stuck into the wood in front of him. Loran lowered himself to one knee. 
"Report." 
"As the Emperor commands," Loran said coming to his feet. "By sunrise order was restored. Reports indicate over six hundred civilians dead or missing, and twenty-two soldiers killed. Two hundred traitors hanged; another hundred or so dissenters burned. Lord-Major Togorrah reports he was forced to evict a band of Osiran priests who refused to abandon their quarters. His crossbowmen are most efficient.” Loran waited for the polite applause to subside. 
“Excess population according to the Guidelines will be removed from the city and sent on their way starting this afternoon. Most will head south."  Loran bowed his head.
"Good. Join us, Loran. The Commander of the Elite Darvuun Guard will always have a seat at this table. We thank you for your efficient operation yesterday. I realize it must have been a surprise handing the promotion to you after my brother died. Seth rewards those who serve him best. You will be a valued member of this council." Braz-nur motioned to the older man beside him. He was wearing grey robes with a scarlet mantle and cloak. "This is Craggan of the Wizard's Guild. He will be joining us. Have you contacted Azan as yet?" 
The Wizard bowed. When he spoke, his voice seemed to echo around inside his mantle. "We have contacted his Mage. He is in Ahpuch Province at a garrison town called Kuranas, just on the eastern side of the Yax. The Mage reports Azan on patrol on the steppes. He left two days before your ascension to the throne. He is due back tomorrow. As yet he does not know he is the Crown Prince of Darvuun." 
"Sixty troops of the Elite left this morning to provide suitable escort to his majesty's heir," commented Loran. "We must not be careless now." 
The Priest with the blood-painted hands stood and pointed at Loran. "The success of Seth in Darvuun rests in the son of Braz-nur. Azan will be the continuation of a Great Dynasty in the service of the Lord of Shadows and the Night. Do not fail the Dark One." 
Loran forced his face to remain stone. "I will do my duty to my Emperor and will not fail. Azan-nur will be returned to Nova-Primus as soon as is possible. You have enough to do without trying to do my job. I will not fail Seth or the Emperor of Darvuun." 
"The path of Darvuun's destiny is my duty, Loran. I will not accept failure and neither will the Lord of Shadows. Do not forget that.” The priest sat back down and sipped his wine. 
Lord Commander Loran looked at him with contempt and shook his head as he left the table. “Pretentious asshole,” he muttered under his breath. 

III

The sun had almost set behind the hills. Long shadows were cast through the thick pines that rimmed the broad flat plain to the east. Two men slithered along the edge of the trees, flowing from shadow to shadow as they made their way to the top of the hill. They reached the top and peered down into the small clearing on the lee of the hill. They recognized the green and grey cloaks of the Elite Darvuun. 
They scanned around and saw seven of them, but they focused on the one in gold and grey. An aristocrat was indeed a find worthy of note. 
"Abdul will be pleased," whispered the first. 
"The gold one will be worth much," said the other. 
"Or he will die well," replied the first 
"Or he will die well," agreed the other. 
In the camp on the lee of the hill, the coffee was fresh and tasty. The men milled around the campfire and enjoyed a moment of rest. Supper would be ready soon, a freshly killed boar. They really needed this hot meal and the rest. It had been a long day. They had lost three men in skirmishes in the forests early that morning and had been fighting little running battles all day long. 
The last battle two hours ago had cost the barbarians thirty warriors. None of the Darvuunians had died, thanks to crossbows and a few gems of fire from the sling of Commander Azan-nur. Still, they were close to exhaustion. Tomorrow afternoon they would be back in Kuranas. It would not be soon enough. 
They were the Elite Darvuun Guard, the country’s finest warriors and bravest men. They thrived with their leader Azan-nur. They were known for not showing mercy in battles with the Kooranians. They suffered barbarians and fools lightly. They were armed with the newest weapons, light crossbows from the forges of the Raak Festering Fist Tribe, and the finest steel blades that could be forged, all bought at Azan-nur's expense. He also protected his men by purchasing the finest chain armor and excellent horses. An officer had a duty to his men if he wanted them to fight and die for him. 
Azan-nur was no fop. He had a record of military successes dating back to his first command ten years ago. He had been decorated for his bravery in three different battles in the Border Patrols and had then joined the Elite Darvuun Guard. Even though his uncle was the Lord Commander Caran-nur, he had earned his post as a Centurion, commanding a full century of Elite Darvuun. 
He had a quick eye for seeing the weaknesses of his enemies. Although Azan-nur was considered by some to be a borderline psychotic, others saw him as a brave and unquestionably loyal to the throne. Actually, it had more to do with his secret worship of Seth and his certainty of His Cause. He could sense the growing strength of the Order of Seth and he wanted to be there when they seized power. 
Without warning, a dozen arrows arced out from the trees. Like a swarm of angry hornets they hit the cluster of troops as they milled around the fire. One arrow pieced the eye of the cook and he fell into the fire in an explosion of sparks. Another got it in the chest and died without a sound crumpling to the mossy ground. Two were hit by at least three arrows apiece, any one of the shafts fatal. 
Azan-nur and his remaining two men whipped out their swords and charged into the enemy. It was a move of fatalistic desperation. Before they reached the woods, both of the other soldiers were cut down in a hail of arrows. Three barbarians rose from the under their ground covers like ghosts and hurled a huge net straight at him. It was too wide to dodge. He slipped on the grass and they flung the net over him before he could recover. The net was covered in small hooks, hundreds of them. They caught in his armor and skin and he went down in pain. A heavy leather boot rolled him over roughly and a sword was placed at his throat. Thousands of little hooks gouged into him whenever he moved. While he waited to die, he spat at the warrior holding the sword. 
"Have him?" a voice asked from the darkness 
"Aye Abdul. He awaits your pleasure," answered the warrior who then returned the spittle. 
Azan-nur knew he was a dead man. He did want to go out with style, though, and let them know just who he was. He would not let them forget him. He struggled to sit up but the barbs were too painful. "I am Centurion Azan-nur of the Elite Darvuun." 
"Indeed?" commented Abdul, with a grin. The chieftain strode up to Azan-nur and stared down at him. "Indeed." He whipped open his codpiece and freed himself. He straddled Azan-nur and soaked the warrior in a stream of yellow. Azan-nur struggled to rise, but three swords met on his chest and pushed him back down. 
The urine stung, and so did the insult. Azan-nur squirmed and cursed. "Bastard! 
Motherless creature of the sewers." 
Abdul finished and laughed. "You don't have your magi with you young man. You should never leave home without 'im. Then you might have known that your father led a coup d’état yesterday. Your daddy is calling himself the Emperor of Darvuun." He bowed to the now-silent man. "Your death shall be exquisite or your ransom rather high. Either way, your ass is ours." He nodded to one of his men who smacked Azan-nur on the back of the head with a club. 
They hoisted his body onto the back of a horse and secured him tightly. They spent a few minutes gathering up the weapons and armor of the dead Darvuunians before they vanished into the woods. 
For two days the eldest son of the Emperor of Darvuun bounced on the back of the sweaty horse, tied face down. He was in constant pain with the jolting and movement. Although the hooks had been removed, he was still covered in untreated pokes and stabs. His hands seemed numb most of the time, and they didn't feed him. They watered him like a potted plant and that was all. So he faded in an out of consciousness as time blurred and melted into one long pain. 
On the dawn of the third day, they entered the valley. This was the barbarian version of a city, a scattered collection of walled homes, keeps, and a chaotic tent city. Hundreds of warriors patrolled the grounds of the city. In all of this apparent chaos there was a strange sense of purpose and order. 
Abdul woke Azan-nur and sat him up on the horse. A swig of wine and he seemed to be able to set the pain aside. No one spoke to him so he simply watched, his throat too dry to bother trying to speak to them. They rode up to a dark green keep, its walls covered in ivy. Abdul whistled. The door swung silently open and they entered the shadowy home of the clan chief. 

"What!!" 
"I regret, Lord Commander Loran, that Azan-nur has been captured by the barbarians,” the messenger repeated. 
"I heard you the first time," he said evenly through clenched teeth. “What happened?" 
The messenger coughed nervously. "Lord Azan-nur's platoon was ambushed outside Kuranas by a group of slavers disguised as a trade caravan. Two scouts reported Azan-nur was taken alive by the Kooranians." 
"Pursuit was ordered?" 
"Aye, my Lord. They’re holed up in heavily guarded valley, east of Kuranas called Kurzdom. It is the central meeting place of the barbarians during this season. Archers in the rocks repelled the troops. The troops were at the end of a patrol cycle and were tired and without supplies." 
"Damn. Wait outside." He motioned the messenger out. 
He punched the wall, leaving a spider web of cracks in the plaster. "Fucking wonderful. That’s just great.” He took a deep breath and relaxed. Loran took out a small silver dish. He poured a little wine in the bottom and set a small black gem in the middle of the dish. He passed his hand over it and muttered something under his breath. The crystal glowed light green for a moment. The wine became white and then a face appeared. 
"I have need of your assistance, Anza," he said to the dark and shrouded figure. 
"It is Azan-nur, I assume." 
"Figures," Loran muttered. "Yes it is." Could he hide nothing these days? Assassins and spies were everywhere. It made you paranoid. Secrets were a very valuable currency and Anza seemed to be the bank. “So?” 
"Triple standard recovery fee contract, plus seventy-five percent of base for additional costs and expenses. All found property belongs to the extraction team." 
Gouging bastard, he thought. Always the businessman even when the fate of the throne is uncertain. "Agreed. How soon?" asked Loran? 
"Yesterday. The team is already on the way. We expect a conclusion within six days." 
"If Azan-nur is in Nova-Primus within three six-days, the fee will be doubled." 
"Agreed. Praise Seth." 
The crystal faded to black. 
 
CHAPTER THREE

Whosoever marcheth, marcheth with his ka
-Seth (Book of the Dead)

The shadow slid over the wall in the predawn light. The darkly clad man landed softly on the grass and bolted away from Kuranas. Once on Virgin Green, he ran steadily and easily to the east heading for the wooded hill. It should be five miles away, a small knoll on the flat plain. At the bottom of the hill, Zaburo whipped out a small glass-covered compass and checked his bearings. He looked up at the slope and checked the compass again. He had been there many times. 
Zaburo pulled his sword out of its oiled cloth where it hung on his backpack and clamped it onto his belt. He checked his boot knives and made a fast hidden-weapon check. Satisfied, he took a deep breath and started a slow lope across the plain. He spotted the knoll some distance away and soon was running up the shallow hill and to the tree line. At the top he checked the terrain and recognized the small copse of trees in small bowl-like indentation in the top of the hill. 
It was one of many secret transit points for the drug trade, where the Raak often met with Humans and where gold, arms, and drugs changed hands. Zaburo had been here more than a few times transacting business for his father. In the centre of the clearing were a small well and a fire pit. He could make out three figures, two apparently sleeping and one sitting next to the fire sipping a cup of coffee to keep awake. One thing about coffee is that its heavenly aroma travels a long way. 
Zaburo remembered the briefing from Anza. "There will be three others. The first will be from The Guild, an elf named Goodleaf. There’ll be a warrior mercenary recommended by the Priesthood of Seth. The last will be a magician from the Wizard's Guild. They are expendable. Get Azan-nur back. Payment is double Guild Standard plus fifty percent. All ‘acquired' items belong to your team. They will triple the fees if you can get his ass back to Nova-Primus within three six-days." Somehow he got the impression that Anza was going to get filthy rich off him once again. Still, the money was good. 
Zaburo slithered down the slope, fighting to keep his footing in the pine needles that carpeted it. He kept to the shadows, keeping behind the trees until he was about thirty feet from the fire. He stationed himself beneath a thick shrub and watched them. The elf sat next to the fire sharpening his sword with long slow strokes of his whetstone. It was the traditional blade used by the elves, long and thin, sharpened on both sides and with a wickedly razor sharp tip. He was clad in a combination of greens and blacks with a black-cowled cloak fastened at the throat with a plain metal broach. 
Zaburo recognized him as Goodleaf, a thief operating out of the western side of Kuranas and a three-year apprentice of the Guild. He had problems with killing when necessary. That is likely why his progress through the ranks of the Guild had been painfully slow. He’s flighty, but then he was an elf. 
. A small pudgy hand reached out from a small bundle near the fire and held out a mug. Goodleaf stopped his meditative sharpening and poured coffee into the proffered cup. When he sat up, Zaburo was surprised. It was a gnome. He was a chubby little guy with a dark blue robe covered in a hundred little green stars. He sported a full beard and a wild head of salt and pepper hair. He looked to be in his late fifties, young for a gnome. This must be the wizard. Gnomes were such a pain in the ass. 
Zaburo watched the gnome pull out a long thin tube and put it into his mouth. He then lit the end of the white tube and inhaled a thick cloud of purple smoke. It looked like a cigar but wasn't. The gnome took a deep haul and drank a mouthful of coffee while he held the smoke in his lungs. The odor was unmistakable, fine mauve hashish. Have to look into that, mused Zaburo silently. 
The aroma must have woken the other one. He must be the warrior, thought Zaburo. He was, and it was a dwarf. He accepted a coffee from the elf with a grunt. After sitting up, he coughed out a lung, and then sat there drinking his coffee without speaking. He looked a bit hung over, a bit rough. He was wearing chain armor and heavy leather padding. His plain metal helmet was currently the coffee pot. Next to him was his double-bladed axe, a favorite of the dwarfs’ fighter classes. He also had a small crossbow next to him. This was a recent innovation, a weapon developed by the Raak and improved upon by dwarf smiths. 
Zaburo recognized him. Hypher had a thick head of brown hair and a thick beard flecked with red. This morning, the beard was flecked with dried vomit from the party the night before. He was known as a brawler in the street fights in the seedier area of Kuranas. Hypher was rumored to be a bit nuts, but he did not know him personally. He was a member of the Temple Guard and had quite a reputation as a fighter devoted to Seth. The High Priests had selected him themselves. No wonder he had a bad opinion of priests.
Tha-Wal set down his empty cup and limbered up his fingers while puffing away on his "cigar.” The gnome took out a deck of cards and commenced his morning finger exercises. He probably dealt off the bottom, shuffled the deck while identifying the superbly marked set of cards. He watched him call up the aces without error and slid cards up and down his sleeves without a mistake. 
"Hells," muttered Hypher, "those stupid card tricks again." 
The gnome grinned, still puffing on the cigar. He fanned out the cards, pulled them back together, and then riffled them again. He snapped them with his fingers and the cards flew from his hands and vanished in little clouds of yellow smoke. "See this, dull-witted warrior. Behold the master of illusions . . .” 
"Do you mind, Tha-Wal? No more fucking card tricks." He set down his coffee and rummaged around in his shirt until he came up his pipe. Hypher opened the reservoir and lit the mauve hashish inside the special pipe. "I just need some time to get it together. Fuck, even my hair hurts." 
"Don't worry, Tha-Wal," commented Goodleaf. "Arcane matters are little understood or appreciated by warriors or dwarves. Oh, they understand metals and gems all right, but there isn't a wizard in all of Thwarbak. My people are into magic. It sometimes seems almost commonplace. Longer life, different perspective, I guess." 
"Harrumph. That’s hardly an excuse for being rude." Tha-Wal relit his cigar and returned for another coffee. 
Hypher was the first to see Zaburo come striding down the slope and into the camp. He set down his coffee and casually picked up his loaded crossbow. He noticed the stranger held no weapons in his hands, keeping them carefully visible at all times. In this area of the world it paid to be careful. The elf noticed, but still calmly honed his sword. Only the gnome seemed unaware. 
"Fine morning, gentlemen," said Zaburo. He stopped and held up his hands. 
Tha-Wal whipped around, spilling his coffee and choking out a stream of light purple smoke. "Damn it! Do you have to do that?" 
Hypher pointed the crossbow at Zaburo. "Upon this Raak …" 
"Shall I build my empire," replied Zaburo. 
Hypher set the crossbow down and stood up. He cricked his muscles and then walked forward and offered his hand. "Zaburo, I presume?" 
"Zaburo Tolchak of the Kuranas Institute of Contract Killing," he answered, taking the hand and getting a firm handshake. 
"Hypher Blackaxe," said the dwarf as he pulled free of the assassin's grip. 
Zaburo remembered reading a dossier on Hypher sometime back. Hypher had been the scion of a wealthy and powerful Lord in western Thwarbak. They had branded him kinslayer and exiled him when he had killed another dwarf, a cousin, in an unauthorized duel. Hypher hired his axe out for a variety of illegal ventures involving smuggling and some contract killings. He was loyal to money and to Seth. Some time ago he had been offered a position in the Temple Guard as a reward for services rendered. They knew that he spent some of his time on his knees in the Temple of Seth hidden in the merchant district of Kuranas. That must have been why the Temple had recommended him to the Guild. 
Zaburo turned to the others. "I recognize you, Goodleaf. Seen you around." 
Goodleaf looked up, a momentary look of disgust passing over his face. He did not like assassins much. Somehow it seemed a perverted way to make a living, plotting and killing for fun and profit. These guys always had a bit of a psychotic bent, so they missed enjoying the finer and delicate joys of life. He had heard stories about Zaburo and it set his teeth on edge. Reports of his casual disregard for innocent bystanders when he planned a hit were well known to members of the Guild. He would take his target out any way he could. Just do not be in the wrong place at the wrong time. He did not like this one. "Likewise, Zaburo Tolchak. Join us for coffee. Your horse is waiting as Anza ordered." 
"Be happy to," Zaburo said as he accepted a coffee from Hypher. "We have not met," he said to the gnome. He sighed at the thought of this group. A dwarf, an elf and a gnome; now doesn’t that just read like a bedtime story. 
"I am Tha-Wal Vellafuge." He bowed with a flourish. He pulled out a silver case from his robe and slid out a long thin tube. He stuck it in his mouth and snapped his fingers. A little flame burst out from the ends of his two fingers and he lit the thin tube." I am Tha-Wal from the Asmodean Order of Prestidigitators, at your service, a master of fine illusions and magic, scholar, inventor, stud and partier." He puffed away. The purple cloud hovered above his head for a moment before a gust of wind cleared the air. 
Zaburo looked at him for a moment. "Okay. What is that you are smoking, anyway? Never saw anything like it." 
"My own special invention," said the gnome as he looked down at the burning tube. He blew off the long ember. "It is a specially treated sheet of vellum, pounded extremely thin. You place a mixture of tobacco and crumbled mauve and roll it up. We then seal it with a dried preparation of vegetable glues already painted on the edge and let to dry. You then place a little roll of thicker vellums into one end to allow smoke to pass through and then twist the other end shut. I call it a spliff. I forwarded the patent a few weeks ago." 
"Could I try one?" 
The gnome looked almost stricken, but did hand one over. Zaburo lit the spliff and slowly smoked the mauve. It had a smooth draw and stayed lit as long as he puffed on it. He examined the spliff carefully and had to admit to being impressed. It was more practical than trying to keep a pipe going. It was a slower burn, eliminating waste. At two gold coins for a single gram of this product, economy was important. 
"Okay, let's get to business." He slid off his pack and pulled out a roll of maps. "They’ve hired us to return Azan-nur to Nova-Primus. Some of you might know that we have a new emperor." He looked around and saw that they did. "Azan-nur is the son of the new Emperor, and the Heir to the Throne. He was captured three days ago and taken here. “He stabbed the map with the unlit end of the spliff. “I like this,” he commented to Tha-Wal. "Anyway," he continued, "they call the place Kurzdom. It is the western home of the Kooranian clan chief of the same name. I have a map of Kurzdom and here's what I suggest we do." 
"Only one problem with the timetable," commented Hypher, "the chance of us getting the bonus is small. The time factor is too cramped." 
"I can help you there," said the gnome as he sparked another spliff. He took out a glass vial and held it up. It was filled with a red powder and sealed with a blob of wax. "A little magic is all we need." 
"What do we do with that?" asked Goodleaf. 
"It's for the horses," Tha-Wal replied impatiently. "A little of this powder and the right incantation and we will be at Kurzdom by early afternoon." 
"More than thirty leagues," said Hypher. 
"That's magic for you. The only problem is this shit ages you something fierce. Chances are the horses will be dead just after we get there. Small sacrifice, but with the reward, you can buy a herd." Tha-Wal butted the last of the spliff and headed over to the horses grazing next to the trees in the wooded copse. 
They followed him and watched as he studied a parchment written in arcane symbols. Although the elf and Zaburo could read, this stuff made no sense. They readied the horses, packing everything and watering down the campfire. 
"Okay," said Tha-Wal as he rolled up the scroll. “If we are all ready, we can get started.” He stopped next to each horse and rubbed its nose. At each, he dusted a little powder into his fat little hand and chanted. "Land of sun, land of snow, speed of life, races the sun. Snortus Kokkas, do the line. Run like hell and do the time." The horses began to stomp and snort, their eyes were red and they were eager to go. They pranced impatiently becoming harder to control. “Mount up lads.” 
They mounted quickly and when they released the reins, the horses shot down the hill to the east. Their legs were a blur as they streaked across the steppes. They held tight, virtually flying. From time to time, it almost felt like they touched the ground. They said nothing, the wind and the speed made talking impossible. They passed through the lightly wooded area east of Virgin Green and beyond the areas patrolled by the Darvuunian Army. Twice they did spot Darvuunian patrols, but they were able to avoid those easily at the speed they were going. Within an hour, they had passed out of the areas patrolled regularly by the Darvuunians, into barbarian country. 
They were in Kooranian territory now. Half an hour later, Tha-Wal and Hypher's ponies collapsed, dropping dead in mid-stride. It came suddenly. They were flying along at high speed one moment, then the ponies stumbled and pitched nose first into the dirt. They were dead before they stopped rolling. 
"Gods damn it," cursed Tha-Wal as he picked himself out of the dirt. “Almost broke my neck.” He checked himself out carefully, but found nothing but a few painful scrapes. He examined the pony, feeling its neck for a pulse and looking into its eyes. "Deader than a pickled priest," he muttered. 
Hypher was luckier. It was not the first time a mount had died underneath him. Why, there was the time that he had a mount cut out from underneath him during an enemy ambush. He stepped from the pony and took out the enemy soldier with an excellent side stroke of his axe. He had landed on his feet, managing to barely avoid staggering onto his face. He checked out his pony and found it stone dead. "What the hell happened?" he asked the gnome. 
Tha-Wal looked up at Hypher. "I guess the potion was too strong for these little guys. This is a real pain." He looked around the woods and checked the stars. "At least three leagues away," he commented. 
Goodleaf slid off his mount. "Tough break. Oh well, we'll just have to double up." 
"Bad news, elf," replied the gnome. He sparked up a spliff with a finger flame. "This cannot be done. The increased weight will kill your horses even faster. We have to get more horses." 
"We are in the middle of nowhere. I don’t see a lot of horses around here," said Zaburo as he checked out the dead ponies. "Good work, Tha-Wal." 
"It will cost us half a day at least," said Goodleaf 
"Well, it’s simple," replied Zaburo. "We just need two more horses." 
Sure, simple enough," laughed Hypher. "We'll just go down to the local market and score a horse or two." 
"In a manner of speaking. I noticed the sign of smoke just over the hill before I had managed to turn around. I think we can acquire a horse or two." Zaburo unhooked out his sword. It worked fine. Then he checked his holster hidden under his arm and pulled out a small one-handed crossbow made of black wood and steel. The wings snapped open and locked. He hooked up the corded metal drawstring and tucked a few bolts in his belt. 
Zaburo scanned the group and wondered. How good are these guys, he thought? They seemed so intent, but then that is normal when entering battle for the first time with untried allies. He usually preferred to work alone. Putting his life in the hands of an elf, a dwarf, and a gnome did little for his confidence. He could just hope that the huge sum they were working for would be sufficient motivation enough to learn teamwork. 
Hypher loaded up his heavy crossbow with a deadly star-bolt and locked back the trigger. He checked his armor, tightening the leggings a bit. The dwarf then plopped his tight metal helmet onto his head, adjusting it to ensure the nosepiece was set properly. He left off his cloak and slid the heavy battleaxe into its shoulder harness. 
Goodleaf opened his sheath lock on his sword and then checked his longbow. He made sure the bowstring was tight enough, twanging it a few times like a harp and listening intently. All was well, the sound ringing true in his ears. He stuck a few arrows into his belt.
Tha-Wal lit up another spliff with a finger flame.. He sat down on a mossy stump and watched the others prepare for battle. He stuffed a small wand into his sleeve and checked his dagger. He really hoped he did not have to use it. It was so, so physical and intellectually unrewarding to reduce himself to using a knife. That was why they brought along these mentally limited warriors. Thieves and warriors were so linear in their approach. Step in there with a huge chunk of metal or club and bash brains. It could not be as much fun as twisting enemy minds with their own fears and nightmares. So, he puffed on his spliff and waited. 
Zaburo and Goodleaf led them into the woods. Accomplished masters at moving silently, they moved ahead towards the small thread of smoke. Hypher and Tha-Wal brought up the rear. Despite being a gnome, Tha-Wal was not known for his woodcraft. He had a habit of stepping on small branches he did not seem to notice. Hypher was somewhat more adept. That came from being many years experienced in the field. They followed the others at a discreet distance. They said nothing, although Tha-Wal could be heard puffing his way along between puffs on his spliff. 
After about a half hour, Goodleaf and Zaburo returned to their companions. They were together speaking in the sign language known as Spyspeak. Goodleaf pointed to their left. "They are over there. Six of them. Horses are tethered in the camp. They are getting wrecked. Hookah break" 
"Good. That should give us the edge. We need to take down two or three right off the bat," replied Zaburo. 
"What do we have?” asked Hypher. 
"We've got six of the bastards. They broke out the hookahs and are getting wasted," explained Zaburo. "They will be there for some time. We can set up an ambush. We will have to kill them all to prevent them from passing on any warning that we are here." 
“That would seem to be obvious. Bad enough we are going into their stronghold without letting them know we’re coming," said Hypher, sarcastically.
The barbarians sat around the fire sipping coffee and puffing on two-man hookahs. They wore little armor, only thin leather cuirasses that covered the chest and little else. They scorned helmets, letting their braided hair fly free. Their bodies were painted in patterns of blue stars and a black bird that covered all the exposed skin. Their boots were of grey leather, rumors said them to be of human skin. All of them wore the typically wide Kooranian tulwar, a thick curved scimitar in their belts. The only other weapons were the small horse bow and a pair of lances, now casually tossed next to the fire. 
They were laughing and having a good time, unconcerned they could be in trouble. They had the Westerners on the run and felt comfortable enough not to post guards. They were all very stoned. 
"Ah Derek, don't bogart that pipe my friend, pass it over to me," said one of the warriors. He reached over for the pipe but slipped and fell into his friend, spilling the smoldering water-pipe into Derek’s lap. 
Derek leapt up howling, the embers burning his legs and hands. He cursed at his friend, but then noticed the red shaft sticking out of his friend’s back. "Aw shit," he mumbled. He looked up and into the woods, only to see another arrow headed his way. He could see an elf over the incoming arrow already stringing another arrow into his bow. Unfortunate, he thought with crystal clarity. He was going to die. The red feathers were the last things he saw. The arrow skewered his eye and blew out through the back of his head. 
Another Kooranian's head exploded. Hypher's heavy quarrel smashed through the barbarian's forehead, killing him instantly. He dropped the crossbow and picked up his battleaxe. 
"Seth!” he roared as he began to whirl his axe over his head and then charged out of the trees and into the camp below. 
Zaburo fired a dart into the flank of one of the horses. The horse shrieked in pain and bolted. The rest of the horses fled the clearing. They raced down the path into the woods and towards Tha-Wal. Tha-Wal muttered under his breath and dropped his spliff. The horses were bearing down on him. Calmly, he muttered under his breath again and hurled a cloud of powdered gems into the air. The air exploded into a mind-numbing blast of colors right in front of the panicked horses. They screamed in pain, stumbled, and collapsed into unconsciousness. The gnome picked up his spliff and took a deep pull. 
Zaburo charged the leader. He fired his hand crossbow at point-blank range into the barbarian's face. The barbarian had recovered quickly. He batted the small bolt away with the back of his hand and swung his tulwar at stomach height, hoping for a quick disemboweling attack. 
Zaburo was momentarily surprised but blocked the tulwar with a cross block. He had never seen someone bat a crossbow bolt out of the air. Zaburo swung at the open flank and was surprised to see his enemy whirl away, and then spin back for another attack. Zaburo barely met the tulwar coming down at his head. He swung clumsily again and the barbarian whirled away again, slicing at the assassin's neck. Once again, Zaburo barely blocked the attack. He started to step back to regroup. The dervish whirled away then pivoted and moved to attack. Zaburo shifted his weight and lunged up to the attack. 
The barbarian turned right into Zaburo's low up-thrust. The assassin's sword pierced right through the leather chest armor and into his lung. Zaburo twisted the blade and smiled. "Surprise, asshole," he said, with a slight grin. He ripped his sword out and danced away from the spurting blood. 
Goodleaf attacked.  He was blocked by a last minute wrist-twist that almost tore his sword out of his hand. The barbarian slashed at the elf. He danced back then pounced forward with a straight thrust. Goodleaf stepped past the thrust and swung a blow at the warrior’s neck. The Kooranian recovered and blocked the elf's sword with a powerful backhand. 
The attack jolted Goodleaf right up to the shoulder. His fingers went numb. He staggered back and tripped over Derek’s hookah. He lost his balance and dropped his sword. The elf landed on his side, just barely avoiding a lateral swipe from the tulwar. He saw his chance. Goodleaf whipped a small stiletto out of his sleeve and fired it upward in one smooth motion. It sliced open the enemy's tongue and stabbed up through the roof of his mouth. The Kooranian grabbed the knife; his eyes wide open and pulled it out. His eyes faded and he dropped. Goodleaf jumped up and grabbed his sword, looking around frantically. 
Hypher was standing over a body, his axe raised over his head. The barbarian had dropped his sword. His hands were raised, silently begging for mercy. There was none. Hypher finished him off with a blow that chopped through the arms and split the painted skull in half. He laughed as he raised his axe high over his victim and let the gore drip onto his face. 
Tha-Wal walked into the clearing and flicked the butt of the spliff into the fire. He looked around at the bodies and nodded his approval. "The horses are over there," he said, pointing back down the path. "One of them busted a leg, the rest are okay." 
Once again, when they were ready the gnome repeated his incantation with the dust and they sped on their way once again. They felt a little more relaxed than before. They had tested themselves in battle and it had worked out well. They might just manage to survive. As they sped through the light forest a high speed they managed to evade any further patrols for a full league. 
Zaburo raised his hand as they came to the top of a hill and they all finally brought the speedy horses to a stop. They were atop a small hill, looking down at the shores of the Xalvun-Ti River. Below and across the slowly and sluggish river lay Kurzdom, the western capital of the Kooranian Empire. It was here that three more of the horses died. No sooner had they stopped and were down to stretch than the horses finally keeled over. This time Zaburo and Goodleaf’s horses wheezed and died. 
"You're rather hard on horses, aren't you Tha-Wal," laughed Hypher. 
The gnome shrugged. "Shit happens. What we need is speed. A lot is at stake here, a lot of gold. Such magic is costly, expending life energy at a horrific rate. But, what the Hells, they are only animals. We’ll grab a few on the way out.” 
The four of them sat down on the lee of the hill under the trees and relaxed, watching the traffic in and out of the fortress. Out came the pipes, the spliffs, and the wine. They studied the river and noticed a shallow ford near a stand of overhanging trees. Nothing could be done until the sun set anyway. Now they could ready themselves for the night. 
Goodleaf softly shuddered and mumbled a quiet prayer to Osiris. He was among the servants of the Dark One. They were everywhere. He feared for his soul. He remembered what the Curate had told him long ago. "The pathway to the light has long and twisting routes. Even the evil mortals must live, if for no other reason than to make us stronger. They are few and we are many, but they are cunning and devious beyond measure. Be ever wary, never forget the strong light of Osiris, and you shall prevail." So while the rest of them napped, Goodleaf the Elf rasped the nicks from his sword and prayed for the light.
 
 



CHAPTER FOUR

Men make history, and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
-Harry S Truman (1884 - 1972)

The mist rolled gently over the river. It curled and rolled like silken wisps of thread sometimes swirling into spectral shapes that played hell with the superstitious minds of the locals. Some claimed the souls of the Raak, slaughtered here in ages past, rose from the deeps of the river and mourned their own passing to the night winds. On this night the mist concealed four ghostly figures wading across the river in the darkness. 
They were dressed in blacks and browns, weapons at the ready. The dwarf had his crossbow ready. The others saw this as pointless, but Hypher knew that he was a very good shot in the dark. He needed that first shot and he knew he would not miss. Sometimes you just needed that edge. 
It was a chilly night. Two sentries huddled together atop the curtain wall smoking a small pipe of cannabis. The aroma of burning rope wafted out on the night air. They were tired and stoned and they were here for another long night. 
"Shit, it's freezing out here," whispered one as he dropped a coal into the pipe and took a puff. He handed his friend the pipe after looking around to make sure the captain was nowhere to be seen.
"It is at that," the other muttered. He stifled a yawn. "The mist numbs me something awful." He took the pipe and took a few deep hauls and held it deep. His eyes darted about in case the night officer made an appearance. Not that he cared, but he tended to smoke most of a pipeful when he did show up. When he didn't see him, he took another pull. He checked over the wall for any river spirits and blew out a stream of smoke over the edge onto the wind. 
The four ghosts hugged the wall below. The odor of cannabis was strong. They waited. Cheap herb, thought Zaburo, as he and Goodleaf examined the wall. They ran their hands over the rough stone, finding more than adequate hand and foot holds between the stones. He touched the elf on the shoulder and nodded to the top of the wall.
Zaburo climbed the wall with sure and swift movements until he got just under the lip of the parapet. He pulled his small crossbow from his holster, hanging onto the wall with one hand. He snapped open the crossbow wings and made sure it was loaded. Zaburo clicked off the safety switch with his tongue. He breathed deeply for a moment, then thrust upward with his strong legs and vaulted over the wall. 
Zaburo landed softly on the wooden walkway on the other side of the wall right in front of the sentry. Without hesitation, he fired his hand crossbow at the Kooranian's throat. The bolt shredded the startled guard's throat, tearing away his larynx. Zaburo pounced forward and grabbed the guard's head. He snapped the head sharply right and heard a snap. The body slumped forward into his arms and he lowered it silently to the floor. 
Zaburo unhooked a grapple from his belt, hooked it on the wall and tossed the rope over the side. He looked over and signaled Goodleaf with a snap of his fingers. The elf climbed quickly up the wall and sprang over the top, landing softly in a crouch. He slid out his sword. In the meantime, Zaburo hooked another grapple into the floorboards of the wall and tossed the soot-covered rope down into the garden below. Perfect, he thought, as he scanned over the sight of the garden below. The maps found in the Guild archives were right. 
Zaburo lowered himself hand over hand into the garden below. He landed without a sound in the damp grass. His eyes quickly adjusted to the shadows. There were two more light thuds as the dwarf and the gnome slid down the ropes and dropped to the grass. Zaburo heard the dead guard's friend returning unsteadily back down the wall. He climbed back up the rope and hung just below the lip of the walkway. He pulled out a throwing star and held himself ready with one hand. 
Before Zaburo could react, there was a brief glint of steel and blood spurted up into the sky. A gloved hand held the mouth closed while he sliced the throat with his longsword. The guard convulsed and fell. Goodleaf rode the body down to the floor, then reefed back and snapped the guard's neck. He pushed the body off the walkway with disgust and they grimaced at the loud thud. 
Zaburo pulled the other body off the walkway, dropped it into the darkness below, and held his breath at the other thud. He dropped quickly hand-over-hand down the rope and moved the corpses under some thick bushes. He had finished by the time Goodleaf made it down into the garden. 
They crept through the trees and shrubs of the garden. They froze every time they encountered one of the frequent patrols of barbarians. Goodleaf despaired. There must be hundreds of them, he thought. It's almost hopeless. I must have been crazy to take this job, he thought. With Zaburo on his left they crept forward towards the small white building in the middle of the fortress. 
The garden was an amazing place, filled with small ponds and exotic shrubs. Small stands of trees dotted the lawn providing romantic little tryst places, or places to plot, depending on your inclination. Both had been done in the erratic and violent history of the Kooranians. They were hoping there would be few of those tonight. 
Goodleaf slipped across the path and put his back up the white wall of the central building. If the information were correct, Azan-nur would be here. The elf peeked around the corner. A man was emptying a trashcan into a deep pit. He banged the debris free and went back inside. Goodleaf could smell fresh bread and knew he had found the rear door. He headed back. 
Zaburo peeked around the other corner and realized he had found the front door. A half dozen warriors were milling around, one of the recently returned garden patrols. The area was well lit and well guarded. Any attack through that mess would bring the whole garrison down on their heads. 
Man, they are paranoid, thought Zaburo. There would have to be another way. He slipped back into the shadows the way he came. He met Goodleaf in the small clump of trees where they had parted. 
"No good," whispered Zaburo to the others. "The main door. There are men everywhere." 
"It’s okay. The back kitchen door is on the other side. Maybe a cook or a servant or two. We can leave them tied up once we get inside," explained Goodleaf. 
Zaburo noticed the scowl that briefly passed over the faces of the dwarf and the gnome. They would see that as time well wasted, he thought. They needed speed, not mercy. "The kitchen will work. It is the best we can hope for." 
Tha-Wal fumbled around in his bag and tugged out a small milky white gem. He rolled it in his hand for a moment then whispered and blew on the gem. The centre of the gem grew black. He squeezed his hand over the gem and nodded to Zaburo and Hypher. Zaburo and Goodleaf lead the way followed closely by Hypher and Tha-Wal. 
Hypher had taken out his fearsome axe and clutched it tightly with his powerful hands. Zaburo drew his sword from its black scabbard and adjusted his mask. Goodleaf put his ear next to the door and heard nothing. The elf positioned himself next to the handle and crouched. Zaburo crouched next to the door on the other side. Tha-Wal stood between them and clutched his hands over the gemstone. Hypher stood right behind the gnome, his axe at the ready. 
"On three," whispered Tha-Wal. "One, two," 
Before he said three, Goodleaf flung open the door. The light streamed out making them blink. 
"Ooo shit," cursed Tha-Wal. The large kitchen was almost empty except for three servants cleaning up the mess from the recent feast. In a moment of controlled panic Tha-Wal stepped up and threw the gem into the centre of the room. The gem bounced off a pot, then dropped into the sink. It shattered and all sound died. 
Zaburo charged in, throwing himself over the threshold and into a roll. He came up into a crouch, facing three very startled people. He pulled a throwing star out from his sleeve and winged it at the face of the furthest target, a middle-aged house servant. The shuriken chewed out his eye. He screamed into the silence, clawing at his face. 
Hypher charged by the gnome and into the fracas only to meet with a chair in the face. The varnished oaken chair, wielded by a young Kooranian officer, clanged off the dwarf’s helmet, throwing him off balance. He stumbled and hit the wall, still holding his axe. 
Goodleaf tripped over Tha-Wal when trying to get through the door. He flew forward, his longsword spinning out of his hand. The flung blade surprised the Kooranian who still held the chair. He took the pommel of the Goodleaf’s longsword in the mouth, shattering teeth. The shocked Kooranian dropped the chair and was clawing for his sword when Goodleaf piled into him. They crashed in the silence to the floor in a flurry of silent cursing and pounding fists. 
Goodleaf staggered the Kooranian with a fist in the throat and a quick knee to the nuts. The barbarian stiffened, clutching his crotch. Tha-Wal yanked out two ice-pick daggers from his boots and dove into the gasping Kooranian. The little wizard plunged both ice-pick daggers into the Kooranian's exposed abdomen. He yanked them out and drove them into the warrior's groin. Goodleaf flung the spasming body away from and mouthed a silent thanks to the little wizard. 
Zaburo plunged his sword into a terrified servant's chest and killed him instantly. Hypher disemboweled the other with a light swing of his axe and a sneer of contempt. Zaburo checked the last one and found him unconscious. He pulled out the throwing star out of his eye and quickly dispatched the servant with a knee drop to the throat, snapping his neck. 
Goodleaf was horrified. It was one thing to kill to preserve your own life, but to wantonly slaughter the innocent, made his skin crawl. Killing warriors was one thing. At least they were fair game, but cooks? These three were homicidal maniacs. He would have much to meditate on when he returned home. There could be no redemption for those three. Their souls were lost. 
Zaburo quickly stripped off the Kooranian officer’s robe and put it on over his garb. He snapped on the belt and hooked the tulwar over his hip. He slid his own sword over his shoulder and hoped the locals would not notice. Just as he snapped on the belt, the silence lifted and their ears popped. 
"You didn't have to kill the cook," whispered Goodleaf to Zaburo. "It would have taken no time to secure them." 
Zaburo looked at the elf, his eyes almost smoldering. "It was expedient." 
"It was unnecessary," said Goodleaf angrily. 
Zaburo snapped on a pair of wrist darts, one on each wrist under the robe. "It is done,” he said. "Let's get on with it." What a dick, fumed Zaburo.
Zaburo and Hypher took the lead out of the kitchen and into the hallway. They walked down the hall; their steps muffled by the thick carpet and the wall tapestries. They were strange tapestries, without any people on them, just beautiful and tranquil scenes from plains and forests. 
Zaburo examined one and was impressed. Probably could get a hundred gold for just one of them, he mused. He continued down the hallway and turned the corner. He almost walked into the guards standing in front of an ornate wooden door carved with demons and stars. They were almost as startled as he was. 
Hypher saw Zaburo flinch, and instantly jumped around the corner, coming face-to-face with two guards. Instantly, he fired his crossbow at point-blank range. The bolt took a guard under the chin and buried inside his skull. Hypher jumped forward and grabbed the body before it hit the floor. 
Zaburo struck the other with a backhand fist across the throat and followed up with a flying knee to the groin. The guard lost his breath and slumped against the wall. Zaburo whipped a dagger free from its wrist sheath and buried it in the guard's sternum, through the laces of his breast plate. The guard gasped for air as the assassin twisted the knife, while pinning him hard against the wall. Zaburo crushed the larynx with an elbow smash and reefed out his dagger. Zaburo lowered the body silently to the floor. 
Hypher slung his crossbow and took out his battle-axe. Goodleaf slowly checked his blade. Zaburo gripped the door handle and crouched low. He tested the door and found it was unlocked. He nodded to Hypher who clutched his axe and set himself. Zaburo flung open the door. 
Hypher realized at that moment they had the wrong room. The chamber was all red. The walls, the curtains, and the small woman with delicate features clad in red silks. She stood in the centre of a white pentagram mumbling, coaxing a small red flame in a silver brazier. 
She turned, startled by the light from the door. "Dammit! How many times have I told you not to come in here?” 
"Shit!" cursed Hypher. He hated wizards, priests, and all that magic crap. He whipped up his axe, took two steps into the room and hurled it with a loud bellow, a two-handed overhead throw. The gleaming axe twisted once end over end covering the twenty feet in an instant. 
The priestess threw up her hands in an attempt to raise her shield. The axe splashed yellow as it blasted through the incomplete magical shield and sheared off the left side of her head burying into the base of her neck. She fell into the brazier and the crimson flames exploded. A huge cloud of blue smoke rolled out of the pentagram. 
There was a guttural laugh. A creature, a six-foot scorpion dripping with venom with a human face stepped into the light from the crimson cloud on four of its legs and shrieked. Zaburo froze in shock. It was … it was looking at him. It had two dripping pincers and those compound eyes staring right at him. 
"Fy-yuck!" stammered Hypher. He stepped back through the door, clawing for his daggers. 
Zaburo deflected a darting strike by the scorpion's black tail with his sword. He rolled into the room to avoid one pincer, and struck at the other. The sword clanged off the pincer without leaving a mark. Zaburo dodged again. The stinger thumped into the floor next to his leg, yellow venom splashing his boot. He swung again, slapping aside a grasping pincer with his sword. 
Tha-Wal stepped into the room. "Hey, bug!" The scorpion whirled around to face the gnome. The semi-human face smiled fangs dripped venom that sizzled when it hit the stone floor. Tha-Wal felt himself go cold for a second. He snapped out of it and clapped his hands together. A light flashed between his hands. A stream of glowing darts spat out from his fingertips, striking the demonic face like a dartboard. “Triple twenty,” Tha-Wal laughed as the more than a dozen darts took out both eyes and stitched a line across its face. 
The giant scorpion reared up on its legs, squealing as it tried to pull the darts out of its eyes and face with its clumsy claws. 
Zaburo charged and smashed into its thorax with the flat of his sword. The carapace splintered open. Hypher jumped in with his two heavy daggers and shredded open the thorax with a half dozen maniacal strikes breaking off chunks of its exoskeleton. Blue ichor spouted from the wounds, and then it was gone. All that remained was a light blue glowing cloud of dust and a glowing stinger stuck in the floor beside his foot. 
"What in the Hells was that?" asked Zaburo as he pulled the stinger free from the floor and dropped it in his pack. 
"I think it was an insect demon," explained the gnome in a low voice. "I don't get it though," he continued, "they are Seth's creatures." 
"Hmmmmm," Zaburo scratched his chin. This sounds suspiciously like one of those character-building adventures his father was always on about. 
In the meantime, Hypher recovered his axe and wiped the gore on the female's red robes. He had been lucky with that throw. It was a heroic act of pure desperation. He hated and feared wizards. He was not too crazy about priests either, but they paid well enough. 
"Nice throw, Hypher," commented Tha-Wal 
Hypher shrugged. "Well, I am a dwarf after all." 
"Let's go," whispered Goodleaf from the door. "Let's go." The demon horrified him. He had frozen. Now all he wanted to do was get this thing over with. A damned demon! Not your average experience. He longed for the woods of Aelus, its calm waters and trees that spoke and pondered. “Enough of this nonsense,” he muttered under his breath. 
They walked down the hallway and rounded another corner. The gnome took out a little sling and plopped a small obsidian pellet in the pocket. He whirled it around and hummed, strolling down the hall as if he owned the place. Zaburo stopped at the next corner and peeked around. Two, he signaled to the gnome. Tha-Wal stepped around the corner and hurled the tiny gem. It hit the floor in front of the two guards and smashed. It exploded in a ball of searing fire. 
The guards were flung against the wall; nothing more than the singed remains of skeletons and molten metal sparkles. The blast rolled down the hallway stopping about five feet in front of them. They were momentarily blinded by the blast, except the gnome. His eyes were squeezed shut. 
"Fuck, gnome!" cursed Hypher. "Warn us next time. All I see are stars." 
"Sorry about that, guys. I thought you knew." 
"How the Hells are we supposed to know what you're doing?" asked Zaburo as he tried to shake the stars from his eyes. "You're the damned wizard. Shit!" 
It seemed to take hours, but it was only about twenty seconds before normal vision returned. They strode up to the door, now blackened by the blast. Zaburo pulled out the Kooranian tulwar and rapped on the door with the hilt of the sword. 
The door flung open. “What!” 
Zaburo recognized him instantly, Abdul Ben-Kali, Lord of Kurzdom. He was wearing the black-unicorn-on-gold sigils on his chest. His sharp face matched the sketch Zaburo had studied before leaving the Guild Library. He was also wearing a jeweled blade at his side said to be the sword Soulsearer, taken from Dark Paladin Argo Foultongue a decade ago. There was a reward for the sword and Ben-Kali's head. The reward was enormous, and it would be his alone. 
"Excuse me, milord," said Zaburo with a crooked grin. He swung his sword down through the Chieftain’s collarbone and deep into the centre of Ben-Kali’s chest. The chain armor splintered under the force of the strike, links of chain clattering on the floor. He tried to pull the sword free, but it had snagged in the rib cage and he could not get it out. He yanked again, tearing the blade free. He looked over at Azan-nur and then slid the tulwar across the floor.
Zaburo pushed the body away and leaped into the room pulling out his own heavier sword from his shoulder. Goodleaf and Hypher dashed in close behind Zaburo. Sitting half way across the spacious dining hall were two men. One was Azan-nur, the other a Kooranian medicine-priest. Azan-nur reacted fast when he saw Ben-Kali die. He dived over the table and rolled up to his feet snatching up Soulsearer. He saluted them. “Gentlemen.” 
Goodleaf charged into the room at the Priest of Darkness. Without hesitation he charged. He had to get the Shaman before he got fried. This was the challenge Osiris had set for him. Time to get revenge on the evil ones, he thought. Hypher was right beside him as they flew across the room. The priest laughed as he reached into his pocket, pulled out a vial, and lobbed it into the air. It smashed into the floor five feet in front of the elf and dwarf. There was an explosion of black flame and a cloud of oily smoke. 
The Priest grabbed his heavy ruby-studded mace from the table. "By the Abyss, die!" he shrieked hysterically. He vaulted over the table scattering platters of food and goblets of wine. He landed beside the column of smoke, his mace held high in his hands. “Ayyaa Hemasharaakan!!”
A huge axe, dipping with blood swept out of the oily-black cloud. It caught Hypher flat on the left shoulder plate and smashed him to the floor. The axe was twice the size of his. If that blade had hit square he would be half a dwarf. Hypher was thrown back, tripped over some chairs and hit the floor, almost knocked senseless. He had run right into it. Blood splattered the side of his face and shoulder where the axe had struck him, but none of it was his.
Goodleaf looked into the face of a nightmare and knew he was going to die. It stood almost eight feet high, covered with a dark coat of blue-black fur. The head was that of a bull, but with the horns of a ram. The eyes glowed dark blue and shimmered in the light. It held a huge battle-axe in its clawed hands, dripping fresh blood, and it had just taken out Hypher with a single shot. Its hooves left glowing brands in the stone floor. 
"Kill them all!!" shrieked the Priest as he attacked Azan-nur with his gem-studded mace. Azan-nur staggered back under the vicious attack, still weakened from his captivity. He barely managed to deflect the blows with the Soulsearer, but he would not last long. One more blow with that mace would likely take him down.
Goodleaf ducked a swipe from the axe and pared open the creature’s arm with a desperate slice. The creature stomped but the elf nimbly leaped to the side. A weak slice at its chest fur opened a thin line of red.
Zaburo jumped in from the side but was backhanded in the face with a massive hand as if he were merely an annoyance. Zaburo bounced off the floor, struggling to his hands and knees. His head felt rattled and his vision a bit blurry. He felt the blow coming and threw himself to the floor. The huge axe sliced the air two feet above him. He rolled himself out of range and pulled himself to his feet. He shook his head to clear away the blurry stars and muffle the ringing in his ears. 
Hypher pulled himself out from under the debris. He still clutched his axe but was groggy. The Priest was trying to kill Azan-nur, gradually beating him to the floor with his mace. Azan-nur was finding it harder to block. The heavily armored Priest would make short work of the Prince. The dwarf snatched up the leg of the chair and flung it at the Priest. The heavy club took out the priest’s knee. 
The Priest cursed and staggered off balance. Azan-nur took advantage of the confusion and sliced up into the lightly armored crotch with a two-handed upstroke. The Priest shrieked, dropping to his knees and clutching his crotch. Hypher leaped atop him and drove his dagger into the Priest, through the roof of his mouth and into his brain. 
Zaburo looked over to Goodleaf. The elf nodded and they both jumped to the attack. The two-point attack confused the creature. It met Goodleaf's leg slash with its axe but could stop Zaburo's slash to the back of its arm. It whirled on Zaburo in rage. 
In that split moment, Goodleaf saw his moment. He lunged forward with all his strength and drove his sword into its lower side and straight up into its chest cavity. He whipped the blade free with one hand and threw himself to the right. Green ichor spurted from the wound. 
It screamed in rage and confusion and turned to kill the elf. Zaburo did not hesitate. He jumped up into the air and with a two-handed downward thrust speared it in the upper back. The sword exploded out through the bull creature's chest as Zaburo ripped the blade free and spun away from the falling corpse. He landed solidly on his heels, jarring him for a moment. Zaburo dropped to one knee, his sword at the ready. 
The creature slowed and turned to Zaburo then back to Goodleaf. Confused, it collapsed to the floor and lay there twitching. Goodleaf slumped to his knees and took deep breaths in relief. Zaburo leaned over on his sword in pain. That shot in the head he got had probably loosened a few teeth. 
Hypher crawled off the body and got to his feet. "Azan-nur, I assume?" he said, offering a blood-soaked hand. 
"Aye, warrior, I am Azan-nur, Commander of the Elite Darvuun Guard. Good to see ya. We must blow this joint. The shit is going to hit the wall now." Azan-nur stepped over to the wall and grabbed his own sword and armor. “Is it true Braz-nur sits on the throne?” He snapped the sword to his belt and quickly snapped on his armor. 
“It is truth, Prince,” said Zaburo. He sheathed his sword and held out his hand. “We are here to take you home.” 
The extraction part of the mission was spectacular. In the garden, a number of men were running to the house. They ran into the five of them coming out. There was no doubt, what was going on was obvious. 
“Down!” yelled Tha-Wal. They hit the dirt, Zaburo dragging Azan-nur under his arm, as the gnome hurled his pea. The pea exploded ten feet above the ground, a blast of a thousand spraying colors that dropped the barbarians like flies. The gnome hurled three more peas into the grounds, one bursting into bright red flames, another in another blast of prismatic lights, and one explosive ball that blew the log gate from its weak hinges. “Let’s go gentlemen! That’s the show.” 
They dashed through the shattered gate and were pleased to discover a few dozen horses milling around in a large corral. They grabbed a few horses and scattered the rest as they escaped in the confusion. Zaburo hoisted Azan-nur onto a horse and laughed. “Hold tight, My Prince. No reins.” Zaburo leaped on another and kicked it in the ribs. Arrows were flying from the walls as they scrambled away. 
Just ahead of Zaburo, Goodleaf was clinging to the back of the horse, his eyes clutched tight. He could hear the arrows whizzing around them. Zaburo saw the arrow hit Goodleaf high in the back. The elf arched back in pain and took two more in the back when he sat up. He tumbled off his horse, dead before he hit the ground. Zaburo’s horse dodged passed the dead elf while he clutched the mane and closed his eyes. 
The rest of them made it back to the river and headed back to their camp. They quickly transferred their gear to the new horses.
"Goodleaf bought it," said Zaburo as they gathered up their gear. “He took three in the back.”
 “That is unfortunate,” nodded Hypher. 
"Excuse me, Zaburo," asked Tha-Wal. “Are we paid for the job or individually?” He lit a spliff with a finger flame and took a deep haul. 
"For the job," said Zaburo. 
"That is good, that is good," the gnome said thoughtfully. The payout would be nicer than he had anticipated. Goodleaf had been so expendable. He might have cared if the dwarf or the assassin took those arrows.
“It would not be wise to be in the area within the hour,” said Azan-nur. “The plains and woods will soon be filled with irate barbarians.”
“I agree,” said Zaburo. “Sir Tha-Wal, can you do the honors?”
The gnome powdered the noses of the horses again, muttering his incantation under his breath. They mounted up. When the sun rose four enchanted horses were already headed at high speed to the west. All four horses died almost two miles from the wall of Kuranas just after passing the meeting hill on Virgin Green, but not after generating a half dozen astonished reports. A number of Darvuunian patrols responding to the reports were converging on Virgin Green when the horses started to stumble and froth through the nose. They had enough time to get off before the horses' eyes rolled up in their heads, mouths frothed, then collapsed. They had a good laugh and took the time to have a coffee before they started towards Kuranas. 
The four of them were walking across the plain puffing on a few spliffs care of the gnome. The Prince was impressed with the new way of smoking mauve. "Listen, Tha-Wal. I can get you exclusive marketing rights and a patent," said the Prince as he exhaled a thick purple cloud. "With a promoter in the Palace, you will make a fortune." 
Tha-Wal looked up at the Prince and frowned. "Now what is this 'promotion' going to cost me?" 
"I was thinking more of a percentage of the profit. Say ... sixty-forty for me. You will still have exclusive marketing rights. Tha-Wal Vellafuge Rolling Papers, think of it!" 
"Are you nuts?" retorted the gnome. "More like ninety-ten for me." 
"You need me to make it work. I can always suggest the glue might be unhealthy and raise questions about the contents. Maybe sixty-forty for you." 
"I control the process and the marketing with your endorsement and without interference. Seventy-five to twenty-five for me," said Tha-Wal. 
The Prince puffed the spliff and marveled at the whole idea. Twenty-five percent for simply using Vellafuge Rolling Papers to get wrecked was a pretty good return. "I agree." 
"You are good, Zaburo," commented Hypher. "This will be a profitable venture for us all. I would be honored to join you on future endeavors. The Time of Seth is coming and there will be much to be done and there will be much profit to be made." He took a deep haul from his spliff. 
"My friend Hypher," laughed Zaburo. "You are a damned lunatic. Some day you are going to be ripped apart by something really unpleasant. However, until that time comes, I do agree. I have a proposition for you." 
"Shoot. What do you have?" 
"I snagged three sacks of gems from the chief's safe. They are worth a lot. The only problem will be getting the real market value for them," explained Zaburo. 
"Current wholesale is the value of the gems plus about fifteen percent. Retail is considerable higher." 
"Correct. I understand you have done some work with gems in the past, before the temple drafted you. We set up a jeweler’s shop with you as the owner and me as a silent partner." 
"I like it, Zaburo. We use the shop to funnel through our contraband and what other trade we can get. It is the perfect front to avoid taxes and make a stack of money. We make our money selling these gems retail. By the way, I was not drafted by the Temple. I served as a Minion willingly.” The dwarf looked at Zaburo for a moment. "Don't shit me, Zaburo. This will also be a front for the Guild." 
Zaburo smiled. "Oh come now. The bastards will never see a silver piece of this haul.” Zaburo meant it. 
The patrol reined in fifty feet away. Azan-nur recognized the livery of the Elite Darvuun Guard. He took one last pull from the spliff and dropped it in the grass where he crushed it with his heel. 
"Halt!" commanded the Darvuunian officer. He sat on his horse with a light crossbow on his lap. “Identify yourselves. Drop any weapons or you will be killed.” 
"I am Lord-Centurion Azan-nur of the Elite Darvuun Guard,” he said, through a cloud of purple smoke. 
The officer immediately snapped a salute at the name. "We have been expecting you, my Prince," replied the captain. "How was your trip? These men are with you?" 
"It had its moments," he replied with a smile. He pointed at his friends. “Yes, they are with me. They have freed me from captivity. They are heroes.” 
“They will be greatly honored by the people of Kuranas, Sire.”
Zaburo cleared his throat. “A word with you, my prince?”
“Is there a problem?”
“This mission was taken by the Assassin’s Guild, Sire. Public honors might make my future career rather difficult and complicate things in the palace.”
“Come to the palace at moonrise for a nice quiet dinner. The Emperor will want to meet the friends of his son and heir. He will want to thank you himself.”
“Until moonrise, Sire.” 
“Give these men horses,” ordered Azan-nur. “You will return these to the Guard at the East Gate, gentlemen.”
Zaburo, Hypher, and Tha-Wal mounted up and rode off at a gallop to the East Gate of Kuranas.
A new shop opened later that week. Hypher’s Gem Shoppe opened on the Minion Street Market in the middle-class district of Kuranas. With Hypher working the gems, they soon became known for their high quality stones and jewels. Zaburo became the first businessman to market Tha-Wal’s Vellafuge Rolling Papers© as the new mauve smoking fad caught on in a big way. 
Zaburo Tolchak was a respectable merchant now. Aged a little through the magic of disguise and paint, he became known as a fair merchant, but one to be wary of. It was said that anything he touched turned to gems. Of course, it is also good to have imperial patrons and friends in high places. The gifts showered upon them made life much more comfortable. He retired from his father’s guild. 
Zaburo Tolchak future seemed assured a week later with the assassination of his father Anza. Anza had a poison dart buried in his right eye, when Grummah found him slumped over his desk in the casino. The safe was open and empty. It was rumored a power struggle was taking place within the Kuranas Institute of Contract Killing but no one was sure. All that was certain was that most of Anza Tolchak's Kuranas Institute for Contract Killing members died or were arrested and executed within two months of Anza's mysterious death. 
No one ever discovered who killed Anza, and a grieving Zaburo sold the Casino through an agent and donated the money to the Temple of Seth. Zaburo kept the gems donated to his shop by a grateful Emperor when the Assassin’s Guild disintegrated. The guild never recovered and vanished from the Kuranas underworld. 
 




CHAPTER FIVE

The metaphor of the king as the shepherd of his people goes back to ancient Egypt. Perhaps the use of this particular convention is due to the fact that, being stupid, affectionate, gregarious, and easily stampeded, the societies formed by sheep are most like human ones.
-Northrop Frye (1912–91)


Within weeks of Emperor Braz-nur seizing the throne, Darvuun was a country reborn. The Priests of Seth distributed food stocks they had hoarded to the populace after being "discovered" in the granaries of the Osiran Temples. These food "discoveries" inflamed the people against the Osiran Temples and no explanation could convince the public otherwise. The Osiran Priesthood evacuated from Darvuunian territory slightly ahead of the rock-flinging mobs. 
Changes swept across the land. Businesses that had been illegal, like brothels and drugs were now coming out into the open as legitimate enterprises. All that the government demanded was its fair share in taxation. Those bureaucrats, who objected to the changes, were offered "retirement packages," such as being drafted into the army or sent to labour and "re-education" camps. 
The face of justice grew harsher. The list of capital offences grew longer and executions were not an uncommon sight. The army restored order with a brutality that shocked the legations of their neighbors. After a few protests about the heavy-handed approach used, the new Emperor replied with diplomatic expulsions. The surrounding nations would have to accept the new order in Darvuun. Protest or interference in Darvuunian affairs would not be tolerated. 
As to the rioters, many of those arrested were offered amnesty if they joined the army. The offer was one-time. Amnesty or execution was the only choice. This dramatically swelled the ranks of the Imperial Darvuunian Army. It would also create a need for a safety valve. As the Empire grew stronger, so did the need to use the armed might that Darvuun had become. They would also need to keep their eyes on their friends and their enemies. 
Within two months after having ascended the throne, Emperor Braz-nur instituted a new Code of Laws. It swept away the former legal code entirely. It was a Code for the strong and the loyal. Justice was swift, not merciful. It provided for dueling to settle personal differences. It was a code for a society of warriors. 
The Code of Laws permitted the existence of economic organizations and cartels, in fact, developing a laissez-faire approach to business. It also enshrined Contract Law between all levels of society. Contracts became sacred with dire penalties for not living up to them. Everything was for sale. 
The Darvuunian embassies and staff in the surrounding countries did defy Darvuun. The former Darvuunian diplomats were granted political asylum and abandoned the embassies. The Elite Darvuun Guard held the grounds and waited. Braz-nur did not really care. He stripped all the properties from those he labeled traitors. Fortunes in assets were forfeit to the Crown. Their families vanished into the dungeons of the Empire, never to seen again. Braz-nur simply had the embassy offices reoccupied with his own staff and forgot the former ambassadors ever existed. 
As Darvuun convulsed with these radical changes, the Priests of Osiris in Geondra agitated for a Holy War to put a stop to the rise of Seth in Darvuun. This led to a few serious border incidents. At Tonnoran, a Darvuunian town, hundreds of Geondran Cavalry died trying to rescue an Osiran priest chased by a mob. Darvuun retaliated. Two nearby Geondran towns burned to the ground in response to the armed incursion into Darvuunian territory. The ruthlessness of the Darvuunian response led to a bloody standoff that lasted ten days and had ten thousand troops staring at each other across the border. 
Azan-nur negotiated an end to this threat to total war with the Treaty of Naifeh-Lan. Although the secular rulers negotiated peace, the Osiran religious orders demanded war. For the first time, the Kings overruled their priests and signed for peace. Some feared this would cause near civil wars in their own countries. As they struggled within themselves, Darvuun was ignored, diplomatically frozen out. 
For the first time, a human nation embraced Seth as its patron deity. There was the fear that such a development would lead to a war between the Human nations. This could inevitably lead to them being over-run by thethe Raak to the south. With Darvuun straddling the Yax River, its role in future human expansion was now uncertain. There was uncertainty in the councils of the most high whether Darvuun would continue its alliances with the Human Nations or not. Would they consider alliances with the Raak, who called themselves the Chosen of Seth? 
Aelus and Thwarbak feared the loss of the buffer once formed by their Darvuunian allies. It had been centuries since they feared for the safety of their borders. For years, the Geondrans led the Human Nations in a long war with the Raak, but now these gains would be threatened if Darvuun allied itself with the Raak. Human alliances were falling apart for the first time. It threatened the security of all the western countries. They began to fear the build-up of Darvuun’s army and slowly began to prepare for war. 
The word came down from Nova-Primus. The bulk of the Darvuunian army crossed the River Yax and marched east. Lead by Prince Azan-nur a massive invasion of the Kooranian lands had begun. An entire country was handed the tools of war and they marched. The Lands of the West collectively sighed relief. They also readied themselves to join in the new invasion of the lands to the east. The envoys of Aelus, Thwarbak, and Geondra were invited to return to Nova-Primus by Emperor Braz-nur, and soon icy diplomatic relations began to thaw, although they would never truly trust each other again. 
Kuranas exploded in size and into virtual chaos. The influx of thousands upon thousands of people heading east from western Darvuun on the heels of the Imperial Army made Kuranas a rat's nest of activity. The decision by Braz-nur to annex the eastern steppes under his flag meant that there would be fighting with the barbarians for years. Kuranas would be an important launching point from which to conquer the Kooranians. The king would never forgive their slight.
Emperor Braz-nur I’s decision opened up the east to colonists for the first time. As well as untold thousands of colonists, bands of organized criminals, smugglers, and mercenaries overwhelmed the resources of the town. Kuranas was swamped. Underworld battles spilled out into the sandy streets of tent cities as independent bands of thieves and assassins fought against the increasing intervention by organized mobs. Smuggled goods such as gems, coffee and mauve hashish were in high demand. The traffic in Raak Mauve hashish made Kuranas' fortune. 
Made from the tops of the kanabanol plant, mauve hashish was routinely smoked like pipeweed, which had mildly euphoric and mellowing effects. During the five-year growing cycle of this plant, it budded only once. At that time, the buds opened and oozed out a thick paste. Combined with the finely ground purple kanabanol leaves it was pressed into blocks and let harden. Smokers of mauve had reported visions, opening portals to mystic places, and enhanced awareness. Others just got wasted. 
Mauve appeared only twice a decade and it was costly. Forty silver coins bought you a "Joint", a block the size of the first joint of the index finger of the buyer (less claws, nails, or talons). The only problem was the source. The mauve came from Tangersee, the Land of the Raak, in the lands of the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade clans. 
As the furthest eastern centre of trade, Kuranas and its underworld had already traveled southeast to negotiate illegal trade deals with the Raak. Caravans of furs and raw metals started appearing in the marketplaces. Exotic feathers from birds unknown vied with fresh meats and beer. Raak beer was good. However, it was the great money-maker, Mauve, that caused the greatest amount of underworld fighting on the frontier and in the city streets at night. As a rare crop, supply lines were limited. 
With the destruction of Anza Tolchak's organization, trade was severely reduced and existing supplies almost exhausted. The untimely passing of Anza Tolchak led to his organization's collapse. His son Zaburo had retired and none of the survivors were able to muster up the support to take over the Guild. The three new guilds that entered the picture either absorbed the surviving members or had them killed. A short-sighted approach created a new crisis in Kuranas. 
The gnome took a gulp from the coffee mug and set it down on the desk. "We have a problem," said Tha-Wal. "The supply of Mauve is being squeezed. According to the Grove's Council, all this infighting and the chaos is threatening the balance of our Guild." 
Zaburo Tolchak topped up Hypher's wine glass and poured a fresh one for Tha-Wal. He had heard of the Grove Council, but they were extremely secretive. It was the Mages Council of the Gnomes. They had ruled their race since the depths of time. They were seldom ever mentioned and their identities unknown. It was history that they had erected the Prismatic Barrier to the northeast, ending an ancient war against a demonic enemy, the Draakka. It was interesting to note they were willing to risk much to ensure a supply of Mauve, to reveal themselves to others. "It reassures me no end to know that the pillars of society who handle daemons, or could turn me into a toad, are wrecked most of the time." 
"Being fried guarantees sanity, makes it easily to navigate the energy streams," said the gnome as he lit a spliff from the table candle. Two months ago, he would have been arrested for lighting up in public. It still made heads turn out of reflex but that would pass with time. 
"That would explain the priesthood,” commented Zaburo. He hated priests. In his opinion, they were sanctimonious dickheads who milked the masses. They were parasites that used their position and power to serve a goal and a god of doubtful existence. He had never seen Seth or Osiris. Did they even exist? He had seen magic performed but this presented even more questions than answers. Maybe if he smoked enough mauve he could perform magic and sorcery. 
A few tables away, a young elf mercenary, looking worse for wear, smiled at Tha-Wal and filled his pipe with a small block of mauve. The air was fragrant with the sweet smell of burning hemp. Many were smoking their pipes but few were smoking the mauve. He lit his pipe of mauve with a table candle.
Hypher swirled the wine in his goblet for a moment. He sniffed it for a long second, and then sipped the wine delicately. Not all dwarves are barbarians. "How is spliff-marketing going?" 
Tha-Wal looked down at the spliff and frowned. "People prefer pipes," he muttered. "No one wants to take the chance and invest a little cash. Five different producers have turned me down saying it will never fly. They refused to invest the time. A good thing I got those endorsements from Azan-nur and help in your shop." 
"New ideas can meet a bit of resistance, but the sales are good" commented Zaburo thoughtfully. What he needed was an edge somewhere, an advantage. Sometimes the right threat or visit in the night could accomplish much. And then sometimes fortune dropped into your lap.
The elf crumbled a bit more mauve into his ivory pipe, lit it from the table candle and sipped his wine. Two tables away he watched the three talking. It was an unusual group, a gnome, a dwarf, and a human. He recognized Hypher a hero, decorated personally by the Emperor. He had watched that presentation at the palace two months ago. He recognized Zaburo Tolchak, a merchant in gems and a former member of Anza’s guild. It had been awhile. The gnome was a wizard, probably one of those illusionists. 
He stared down at the table, propping up his head in his hand. He took a deep breath. He closed his eyes and pushed a thought tendril at the trio. The unseen tendril touched the gnome and bounced. There was some kind of magical shield around the gnome’s mind. He was definitely a wizard. The tendril reached out and touched the dwarf. It slid into his mind and met a huge smiling face. The dwarf laughed at him. 
"There is a poisoned dagger just under your arm," whispered a voice softly into his right ear. A hard hand gripped him firmly near the jugular. "Scather Bloodhand, we should talk." 
“What kind of poison?” 
“Cobra.” 
“Nasty.” 
“Join us for a carafe of wine?” 
“My pleasure.” 
“The elf disguise is good. You used three years ago, Scather.” 
“You haven’t lost your touch, Zaburo.” Scather joined them at the table and ordered a cup of coffee as they introduced each other. 
"An elf?" Hypher's eyebrows lifted in surprise. "Doesn't seem right." He sipped his wine and looked the elf over carefully. Something was not quite right, but he was not quite sure. 
Zaburo motioned Scather to sit down between him and Tha-Wal and poured the newcomer a goblet of wine. “Hypher and Tha-Wal, this is Scather Bloodhand, late of the Kuranas Institute of Contract Killing." They all shook hands and ordered another round of coffee. “Sit down and tell us about Scather Bloodhand.”
Scather lit a spliff with a thought “I wandered into Kuranas ten years ago with nothing but a sword, dagger, and ill-fitting clothes. The sword and dagger was his father's and the clothes belonged to a hapless traveler he encountered on the way. My father is a Raak warrior of the Shadow Warrior Clan, known as the Assassin Clan. 
“From the moment I could walk, I lived the way of the assassin. By the time I was nine, he could kill a man twelve different ways. On his tenth birthday, I performed his first public execution.” He took a long puff … At twelve, I discovered he could do things with my mind, and my life changed. It became my deepest secret and greatest weapon …. naw, he would not tell them that. “I looked more like my human mother than my Raak father, more like an ugly peasant than a Chosen of Seth. I had a face not a snout and fangs, a half-breed. My mother, a human sex slave, had died in a ritual sacrifice.” 
Scather Bloodhand never revealed his deepest secret to his father's people or to anyone else. They sneered at him as an unremarkable physical specimen, more human than Raak, despite the larger physique. He was considerably less hairy than his Raak parent was, therefore less than perfect – too human. They did seem puzzled at how he managed to survive, but they were not great thinkers and attributed his successes to luck. How could a race that worshipped a tribal deity that argued with a rock understand Scather Bloodhand? 
Scather had discovered that he could do things the Dark Soul Priests could not. He could heal wounds, his own and others, faster than normal, faster if he really concentrated. He could feel the touch of other minds and make himself invisible for short periods. As Scather grew older, he learned to hurl a blast of stunning energy with his mind that could stun a tiger. He could even light a small fire with a thought. It was draining, but sometimes it was handy to have one extra weapon. He used these hidden talents to offset his physical limitations. Eventually he realized he would never fit in or be accepted. One night he vanished from the mountain home and headed north.
When Scather arrived in Kuranas, his freedom was short-lived. A local priest selling mauve nabbed him. He went underground after killing the priest, a knife in the ribs. He survived by random killing and theft for a month until he was "recruited" by Anza Tolchak. Tolchak objected to the young outsider's independent habits. They were interfering in his business. Anza recognized the moves of Shadow Warrior training and was impressed. A well-planned ambush and Scather saw the rewards of joining Anza’s guild. Anza knew what her was and accepted him as a member of his Guild. There was a place for him here.
Scather began a long and undistinguished career with the Guild. He rose steadily in rank, having never failed an assigned mission. He was an enigma to the fellow members of the Guild. He had the lowest collateral target numbers in the guild. At least a few innocent civilians were caught in the crossfire from time to time. He seemed to avoid this, unlike other guildsmen, particularly Zaburo Tolchak. He used his secret talents to his advantage and did well enough. 
There were only two real passions in Scather's life: music and the pursuit of the best mind-altering substances he could find. Some saw him as amusing and frivolous, a bit of a buffoon. Others, like Anza saw something else. He saw a raw form of murderous potential but something was missing. It was something they could not define. Maybe it was because he seemed so frightfully average, looked so average. 
Throughout his career, Scather had been a merchant, mercenary, and monk. He had wallowed in the stables like a slave hand, and dined with the rich in his capacity as a bard. He had carried out delicate hits right under the noses of the targets and the authorities. Life was comfortable and fun. Then it all blew apart. 
Scather had been out arranging business when Anza died. What he had actually been doing was bringing in a consignment of Mauve. By the time he had returned from his trade mission with the Raak, the Guild was wracked with confusion and killings. A couple of rival guilds from out of town swarmed into Kuranas and chaos ruled the criminal underworld. As a ranking member in Anza's KICK, he knew he would become a target. He went underground. He became an unlikely person, an elf mercenary. 
Scather casually lit his pipe and took a deep haul. “Offed the old man, eh?” he stated more than asked. “You really screwed things up with that one, bro.” Zaburo pulled out a spliff and lit it from the table candle. Scather stared at the spliff curiously. “I would like to know what that is and how you pulled off that stunt with the old man, though.” 
“Called a spliff. Invented by a friend of mine, our companion, Tha-Wal,” he commented casually. He leaned back in the chair. He puffed a huge cloud up into the air. “And no, I did not off the old man. He was stung by a big scorpion” 
Scather looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “Little scarce around here aren’t they?” 
“I hear they sometimes come in on the caravans from the east. It’s so hard to keep every little pest out.” 
“Ironic,” commented Scather, “I imagine that is one of the few poisons Anza knew little about. Maybe he should have read more.” 
Zaburo nodded. “Shit happens. It did leave some unfinished business, like someone sitting on a shipment of mauve that half the town would kill to get their hands on.” 
Scather exhaled a long thin cloud of smoke from his nostrils. He looked around the bar for a moment or two, and then exploded into a series of deep coughs until his face was flushed red. “The other half would pay a good price I would imagine.” 
“Look Scather, our guild has been wiped out, many of our contacts turned. Now I do have a practical solution to our mutual problem.” He handed Scather a spliff from his long silver case. Zaburo signed the waiter for two more glasses of wine and they silently smoked until the waiter, a rather pleasant young man with no teeth, had come and gone. 
“I like this spliff thing. It could revolutionize the industry and bring it up to a more civilized way to get ruined. Just imagine, you go to your local dealer and he sells you a pack of a dozen pre-rolled spliffs. ‘Course the weight of each pack would have to be standardized to make sure you aren’t getting ripped off. Some people just cannot be trusted, you know. It could create jobs among the lower classes.” Scather rambled. His head became flooded with ideas. 
Zaburo shook his head a bit in frustrated amusement. Scather was rambling. He must be really stoned. “Then I have just the thing. I have a buyer for that stash of mauve you have. The Gnome’s Order of Prestidigitators really needs that stuff." 
Ah, thought Hypher, an assassin. Be in some kind of disguise, no doubt. That was what had been bothering him. He was no elf. Have to learn to trust that first instinct, he thought as he pursed his lips absently. 
"I have heard the Gnomes are looking for some freelancers to find something," said Scather to Tha-Wal. 
Tha-Wal shrugged and lit up a spliff. "I heard nothing about it." He exhaled a thin stream of smoke from the corner of his mouth. "There would be no takers, though. Everything is screwed up since Anza died. The other guilds are too unknown or too unreliable." 
"What about freelancers?" Zaburo lit his pipeweed with a candle from the table. 
"Not a chance," laughed the gnome. "No one is known and it could piss off any of the new guilds and who knows which ones will survive. It is a dangerous thing to get involved in the fighting between the Guilds." He puffed away and looked at Zaburo. He tilted his head and thought for a moment. "What do you have in mind?" 
"Think about it. Kuranas is too dangerous for many of us. This city is going to be swarming with all kinds of psychos and nut-bars. Scather and I are on the shit list. We know the gnomes are going to run out of mauve soon. We need a contract to give us time away from here and to give us a better stake. If we don't have one, we could end up getting drafted." Zaburo took a puff. 
"Now, we have something the Gnomes want. We have two hundred pounds of primo mauve," Scather said with a smile. 
Tha-Wal's eyes lit up and he almost drooled at the thought. “Two-fucking-hundred pounds? What do you want?" he said, trying rapidly to figure out how he could get a good cut of this deal. 
"Fifty thousand pieces of gold, payable in gems and coins, coins to make up forty percent of the price." Zaburo said evenly. 
"That's a lot of gems." Tha-Wal puffed slowly and rubbed his chin. 
"Reduce the gems by two thirds for favorable consideration on the contract open at this time." replied Zaburo. 
"How do you know about that?" asked Tha-Wal, pausing in mid-toke. 
"We are assassins, you know,” said Zaburo with a grin. “And you mumble Bettina’s name in your sleep.”
The gnome butted his spliff in the skull ashtray. “I think you might get that contract, but only if I go with you. I will get back to you. It has been a long night and the sun will rise soon.” He jumped from his chair and left into the dim light of the false dawn. 
***
The den was cozy and warm. The fire crackled in the wide fireplace casting shadows onto the walls. Along the walls were a wide variety of weapons, many ceremonial decorations. Thick tapestries depicting the Raak Wars and the glories of Darvuun covered the walls between the weapon displays. On the far wall was a collection of hookahs and water pipes Zaburo had gathered over the years. 
In the centre of the room, a square table covered in a light layer of obsidian reflected the light of the small chandelier hung directly above it. The light was one small glowing gem amidst a crystal collection of questionable taste. Four men sat around the table. 
Zaburo dealt out the four hands of cards. Hypher sat across from him slowly picking up and sorting each card in his hand. Scather sat to his right puffing on a spliff. He scooped up all his cards and hastily sorted them. 
Tha-Wal picked up his cards and sorted them while nervously looking back at the door every so often. "They should be here soon," he commented. 
Zaburo lit his spliff of mauve and slowly sorted his cards. He took a look and grimaced. The Black Empress bare, two bare high hearts, and a handful of diamonds. He slipped the two hearts and the Empress, more affectionately known as the Bitch out of his hand and slid them over to Tha-Wal. Scather slid him three cards and he groaned when he saw three more diamonds. The weekly game of Hearts was an excuse to keep in contact in these increasingly trying times. 
Hypher still kept in contact with Azan-nur. He had managed to wangle travel passes for six people due to the massive invasion by Darvuun at this time. The territory would likely be swarming with very suspicious and paranoid individuals and patrols. Hypher had also discussed the war with his dwarfish friends. He had told them of the tremendous victories, and slaughters. Across the lands once known as the Xalvun Wilds small pockets of soldiers and their families were taking root in a military colonization of the East Bank. 
Hypher flipped out the two of clubs just as the door flung open and a lady gnome entered. A rather dramatic attempt, thought Zaburo with a frozen grin on his face. The gnome was good looking, if you were a gnome. Otherwise, she was a grey-haired little old lady gnome without shoes, just well-groomed furry little feet and a bit of a moustache. 
Bettina held a black and gold wand topped by a silver crescent moon. She wore a simple green robe with a black ankh embroidered on each breast. Her long dark hair was one long braid interlaced with threads of gold. 
Whew, thought Zaburo. Good thing. This hand sucked huge. Her arrival was a welcome break. They threw their hands into the middle of the table and rose to greet the Illusioness Bettina. Tha-Wal held out his chair for her and she jumped up with as much dignity as she could muster. 
She sparked up her jade pipe and looked around the table. "We are happy to make your deal. The cash is outside. We have also decided to accept you for an important job. There is a problem and we cannot wait for the underworld to become organized. If you screw this up, we never heard of you." All of them but Tha-Wal sat down. 
Zaburo looked around the table. Hypher shrugged a casual why not. Scather did the same. “Sure enough." 
"Such enthusiasm. Tha-Wal will join you to identify the target," she said with a nervous grin. "Bear with me for a bit, but there is a bit of history lesson here." She held out Tha-Wal's goblet and accepted a splash of wine from Hypher. At least none would be able to poison her with his cup. She cleared her throat, took a puff on her pipe and spoke. “Darvuun was once known as Nova-Primus. A settlement of the reclusive Paladin, Lord al-Darvuun, it grew into a sizable territory along the coast of the River Yax. Up to that time, no human settlement had even been established this far to the east and so deep inside Raak lands. It also bordered on the ancestral home of the Gnomes, The Groves.
Some say we are a secretive and mildly xenophobic people. Our people had lived here for almost ten millennia as waves of conquerors swept back and forth across the face of the world. We remained neutral. We are a small enclave renowned for fine foods and ales. We are also known as the best illusionists and magicians on the continent.” She paused for a drink of wine. 
“The Geondrans had nothing against us Gnomes. They were, however, very concerned with the reluctance of the Darvuunians and the Gnomes to enter into full war against the Raak beast men. When the Geondrans finally convinced the al-Darvuun III to enter into a long jointly fought war, al-Darvuun's eldest son lead a palace revolt against his father. For the first time the Groves openly supported the rebel, taking sides in a civil war. The Order of Seth, Bast-Queen of Cats, and assorted little daemon and devil cults existed in active competition with the Osirans. In addition to this, the Darvuunian Humans had become good friends with some Gnomes, adopting many of their decidedly pacific attitudes. 
al-Darvuun's heir was killed by Paladins of the Order of Light in the attempted rising. The rebels were ruthlessly put down and from that time on, the Order of Light provided service as the Personal Imperial Guard. Propped up by the military and supported by a powerful Temple of Osiris, Darvuun went to war. 
However, even with the Temple of Osiris in such a firm position, Darvuun seethed underneath. Over the last two centuries, Darvuun has been wracked by a vicious underground war between the Order of Seth and the Order of Light. From time to time, nobles surfaced espousing the Dark Lord. They disappeared from polite society, often after a sunrise arrest. The Temple of  Light calls it Cultic Cleansing.” 
Bettina took a deep drink of wine and took another haul from her pipe. Tha-Wal offered her a spliff, but she rebuffed him with a simple wave of her hand. “Mauve should be smoked properly,” she said with contempt. Besides, her pipe had cost a fortune. She would not replace it with paper. She continued... 
"Thirty-five years ago, the Grandmaster of Illusions Xann, the mightiest wizard in Gnomish history was accused of being a worshipper of Seth. The Temple priests attacked her home in Nova-Primus but Xann escaped. Before she fled, she warded her home. Those who tried to enter simply turned into dust. Even the Priests could not dispel that dwoemer and it stays to this day. Xann vanished." She took a last puff and knocked out the ashes from her pipe against her leg. "We have never been able to break the spell, but we have managed to understand the nature of the magic. The Darvuunian Wizard's Guild, the Osirans, and the Aelan Mages' Council have yet to figure it out. We discovered that somehow Xann managed to speed up time. That is what makes everyone turn to dust. The only problem is that the process is so damned rapid that no one realizes what they are seeing. There is another thing. Xann was not a worshipper of Seth. He was not a worshipper of Osiris either, but a follower of the Goddess Gaea. When she fled, he took a fabulous amount of treasures: gems and jewels, some magical items not identified, the Great Black Book of the Thulsylla, and the Tome of Holy Deeds. This gal stole the records of some of the Guild's strongest magicks when she took off. It has made our life somewhat complicated." 
"So what is it you want, exactly?" said Zaburo, lighting a spliff from the table candle. 
"The two books are what we want. Any parchments sealed with the rainbow sigils are also on the list. There should be five or six of those." She held her cup out for a refill. "The books appear normal, but each is emblazoned with the all-seeing eye from either obsidian or quartz embedded in the leather of the cover. Anything else you find you can have." She set down the goblet. Bettina flicked the hair from her face. "We have given Tha-Wal all the maps and material we have on the general area Xann was last reported to be wandering around. Rumor has it she is barricaded himself in a series of caves, but there is nothing else to confirm that.” 
Tha-Wal set the two map scrolls on the table and Hypher unrolled the first one. The dwarf stared at the map for a moment, and then rolled it up. He held up the scroll to the Illusioness and shook his head. 
"I know," she replied to Hypher. "It is the land of the Draakka. Deep in the territory of the dark elves, in the cold mountain passes. That is where she is and the treasure will found. To add to the pot, we will pay an additional one hundred thousand pieces of gold for each book." 
Scather cleared his throat. “It is behind the Prismatic Wall. No one has passed through there in ten thousand years and lived.”
“We have provided what you need to Tha-Wal to get you through the Prismatic Wall. After all, we built the wall, so who else better to get inside. Sometimes we need to check up on the Draakka.”
Zaburo looked around the table. Scather Bloodhand barely nodded his head and slowly blinked his eyes. Hypher rubbed his nose for a moment, and then nodded. Tha-Wal nodded his agreement. Zaburo cleared his throat. "We will take the commission. We will depart as soon as possible." 
She plucked the spliff from Zaburo's fingers and took a slow deep haul. She handed it back and then after a few seconds exhaled a huge cloud of purple smoke. "Not bad." She reached into her cloak, took a block of gold, and set it down on the table. "A half-pound and our thanks." 
***
The whispering sound of serpent scales on cold stone echoed in the dimly lit hallways. Faint purple light emanated from small balls of floating fire, just enough to tell where the walls were. The ten-foot black python with glowing red eyes sped down the hallway until he came to a large portal topped with a glowing purple ankh, the looped cross sigil of the Lord of Shadows and the Night. It paused for a moment, then lowered its head and passed into the room beyond. 
The chamber was immense. The ceiling and walls were lost in the darkness, except for a soft blue glow atop the sixty-foot high pyramid with a flat top, made of blocks of carved obsidian. On top was Seth’s Throne of Skulls, made of the skulls of many humanoid species, topped with the spiked head of a golden dragon. The serpent could hear the echoing whispers in the darkness, but saw nothing. It slithered up to the base of the pyramid and rose on its coils. It swayed to unheard music and watched its own image reflected in the obsidian. 
A cloud of black smoke rose from the coils of the serpent, getting thicker and thicker. It hung still in the air and despite the growing thickness, still hung over the serpent. A heavily-mailed foot strode out of the cloud and it vanished instantly. The warrior was clad in black plate armor and topped by a totally enclosed helmet. It was not the helmet of a human, but that of a Raak. Light armor scales hung down the sides of its snout and snapped onto a movable snout guard underneath. 
The warrior, a Raak warrior, slowly mounted the pyramid, then removed his helmet and tucked it under his arm. A sigil of with a bleeding hand clutching an eyeball was seared into the chest plate of his armor and on his helm. All of the fur on his snout and ears had faded into pure white making him almost appear as an albino. It might have seemed as such, if his flesh had been the same dead color as his hair instead of a fine veneer of silver scales. The red serpent circlet sat on his head, a thin ring of silver entwined around by a pair of black serpents that met over his forehead. 
At the top of the pyramid, the Serpent Warrior dropped to his knees and set down the helmet down beside him. He then sat back on his feet and waited. He felt Him before he saw Him. The air grew cold enough for even him to feel. The gusts of cold hatred came from everywhere, but he refused to move or show any sign of discomfort. Seth despised weakness, and he would see none from his servant. 
The throne shimmered for a moment, and then He was there. Seth was reclining, with one leg over the arm of the throne. His eyes were the first things the warrior saw. They were glowing purple and red, flowing from one color to the other. It was disconcerting to watch. His black-snout face was slightly akin to a jackal with glimmering white fangs. The ears reminded one of a cat. Seth had an immensely powerful human-like physique. He wore only a loincloth and sandals and rested his huge ankh staff on his lap. "Lord Serpent, what have we got happening this week?" 
"Zaburo Tolchak has accepted the commission from the gnomes." 
"Good, good," Seth mumbled thoughtfully. Things were going well. He waved his ankh in front of the Serpent Warrior. The air tore open, casting a pale blue light over the throne for a moment, and then closed. A sword hung in the air in front of Lord Serpent. It had a plain matte black scabbard and a plain copper-coiled hilt. On the top of the hilt was a modest ruby with a black obsidian ankh buried in its heart. The sword floated down into the Serpent Warrior's mailed hands. 
Lord Serpent held the sword reverently in both hands and looked up at Seth. "Elfmourner, my Lord? He is Chosen? He is no warrior, just a cutthroat, an assassin." 
"You question my will, scrotum scrapings?" Seth's rage seared Lord Serpent’s mind, paralyzing him. 
Lord Serpent looked puzzled. What the fuck is Seth’s problem? He was so on edge lately.
Seth leaned from the edge of the throne and glared at the insolent warrior. “Question my will. Indeed.” 
"Shit, No! Not a chance,” Lord Serpent sputtered nervously. “Just a little surprised nothing more. Thy will is all." Touchy son-of-a-bitch, he cursed to himself. 
"Tell Zaburo Tolchak who he is. Tell him to destroy the Tome of Holy Deeds. Tell him I reward success well." He leaned back and stared at the Lord Serpent for a moment. "Well? You are still here?" 
"Is that all, Most Dark?" There was a hint of something defiant and arrogant hidden under the words. He had that look of proper deference, but there was something else there. Seth glared down at this most powerful of his minions. He wondered if he detected a bit of undeserved arrogance in this loser. That would not do. Perhaps it was time for him to reassign the great Thanos Vilehand to a more humbling dead end. Then again, he was good at his job. A little arrogance should be accepted and expected of those who serve the Great Seth, for the time being. "That is all, for the moment, Thanos Serpent Lord." 
The Serpent Lord picked up his helmet and then retreated backwards down the stairs about halfway before he turned and walked away into the darkness. The cold wind gusted through the chamber again and all that was heard was the faint whisperings on the winds. 
 

CHAPTER SIX

If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
-Thomas Szasz (b. 1920)
Zaburo looked up from the old tome and puffed his long spliff. He took a mouthful of wine, and then exhaled a thin stream of smoke. The sun would be up in a few hours, but he was wide awake. Years of being a hit man had turned him into a night creature. It was the best time to study that text on poisons he had lifted from Anza's library. It had always been a sentimental favorite. He flipped the page and stared thoughtfully at the formulae on the vellum. He started making notes on his pad. 
"Zaburo." 
Zaburo swept his crossbow out from his holster and aimed it at the voice. It should have been impossible for anyone to get by all those little traps and warning devices. Still, the shadow was there in the corner. The shadow stepped forward and bowed to him. It was a warrior, dressed head to toe in black plate-metal armor and helm. Wicked spikes and horns protruded from his elbows and knees. The visor on the ram’s horned black helm was closed. Interesting, thought Zaburo, a Raak warrior. No mistaking that snout. The armor was the darkest matte black, not reflecting a single gleam of light. It was almost as if light was absorbed by his armor. 
The Warrior stopped in front of Zaburo’s desk. He held no weapons. "Zaburo." 
"Okay, man, you have my attention," replied Zaburo as he puffed his spliff and kept the other hand aiming the weapon at the intruder. “Say your piece.” 
"I am Lord Serpent, High-Minion of Almighty Seth, Lord of Shadows and the Night.” He snapped back his visor. Sure enough he was a Raak warrior, his face fur silver and eyes post-party red. His smile revealed a perfect set of teeth and well-kept tusks. “He has commanded me to speak to thee, last of the Vilehand." 
"Vilehand? Fuck off. They vanished over twenty years ago, wiped out by the Darvuunians and the Legions of Light." 
"Thy father was Thanos Vilehand, last King Vilehand who fell at Kuranas. In thee, the name of Vilehand shall continue. The Lord of Shadows is pleased with thee. Almighty Seth has sent me to tell thee of thy destiny. Thou art the Chosen One of Seth. Accept His will and all that thy every desire shall be yours." 
"Oh really?" sneered Zaburo. "Did the gnome put you up to this?" 
Lord Serpent reached inside of his cloak and brought out Elfmourner from the small void that appeared under his arm. Zaburo snapped up the crossbow. Lord Serpent clutched the sword tightly for a moment then stepped forward and set it down on the table in front of Zaburo. "All the Chosen Ones of Seth have wielded this sword, Elfmourner. Forged by the hands of Seth Himself, this has always been the way of the Raak kings. For only with the blessing of the Lord of Shadows and the Night can the Chosen rule His People. Down through the ages it has always been this way. This is thy fate. This is thy destiny.” He drew the blade from its scabbard and lay them down on the table. 
"Pretty dramatic," said Zaburo. “Bet it took you awhile to rehearse that.” He looked down at the sword. Its matte black scabbard looked as if it were for an assassin. The hilt was made of coiled burnished copper wire, topped with a dull red ruby. The long double-edged black blade had a dozen small emerald tears embedded into the metal on each side. He picked it up and examined the ruby. A black stone ankh was embedded inside the ruby. He whistled softly. He could appreciate fine work. Zaburo could find no flaw in the ruby to indicate how the ankh had been set inside. It was magic. Shit. 
Lord Serpent bowed again. The air shimmered around the Hell Knight for a moment. When the smoke cleared, Zaburo almost wet himself. A cobra weaved before him, almost twelve feet high on its coils and as thick as a man’s body. The serpent hissed for a moment. “Sssssserve Sssseth well, ssson of darknessss. Ssseth would appresssiate it if the Book of Exalted Deedss could be dessstroyed. Take care of it.” He slowly faded away. 
Zaburo sat staring at the sword on the table in front of him for a long time after Lord Serpent left. “Just wonderful,” he muttered. He did not even know if he had ever believed in Seth. It wasn’t something he thought about much. Now, here he was being handed a sword called Elfmourner by some magical snake guy. Congratulations! You are the Chosen One. 
“Aw damn,” he muttered under his breath. Although not well-read on legends, he had figured out a few things. Heroes had a habit of exploding onto the scene, doing heroic deeds, then being snuffed in some cosmic or epic battle being fought between the Gods. Most of them went out in one heroic way or another. They became the stuff of legends, the heroic image for all to aspire to, but dead nonetheless. What a pain in the ass. He did not want this crap. 
“What to do?” He muttered as he turned the sword repeatedly in his hands. If he refused, he would probably piss off Seth and be snuffed. If he took the sword, he tied his fate up with the Raak, and they were ugly. Their women were ugly. How could he handle living with a people who looked like walking warthogs? Then again, maybe he would just help them a little, maybe be some kind of lesser hero? The only problem was that heroes usually popped up in time for some epic battle of good and evil. Victory was never assured for either side. The victor was writing history, but in the end they were all doomed. They were pawns in some cosmic game that he understood little of, or cared for, for that matter. What do I do? 
He sat, shaking his head. There is no way I am going to live out the rest of my life as some god’s flunky. I guess I’m just going to have to kill the bastard. He looked down at the sword and sighed. I guess I’ll just have to take the damned thing with me. Play it out and see what happens. He picked up the sword and looked at it closely. It was light and well-balanced. Elfmourner, the Serpent dude had called it. That would explain the emerald tears, elves, green, and all that, a good sword for a king.
Zaburo chopped lightly down on the corner of the table. The blade sliced through two table boards about a hand wide. It hummed in his hand. A wave of dark pleasure coursed through his body. The sword sighed in his hand, a mental mind touch. It was happy to be here and in his hands. Zaburo pulled the blade free of the wood and hastily sheathed it in its scabbard. 
“Shit, it’s alive, he muttered, dropping it onto the table. Less than an hour before, he had doubted the gods even existed. They were tools used by priests to gather taxes and keep people in line. The gods were not really relevant in the matters of common men. The kings owned your body and the priests owned your soul because they have the swords and impaling stakes to back up their opinions. Now, sitting in front of him was proof that the Gods did exist and swords could talk. It was annoying. It made his life complicated. 
Zaburo picked up the sword again. Zaburo felt a light tingle in his hand. Without warning a wave of confused and dark emotions rolled over him. He glanced fitfully back and forth, a wave of paranoia overwhelming him. He looked about for the enemy, and then got control of his feelings. It was not him. The feeling passed, replaced with an intense undirected rage and hatred. He clutched the sword until his knuckles turned white. The fear started to rise up through to his chest, clutching his heart, choking off his breath. 
“NO.” He clutched the sword tight, his fingers whitening on the hilt. This was not Zaburo. All this emotion came from the sword. It was alien to his mind trying to take over his life. He knew it now. His own rage slashed through the fear like a scythe through hay. He felt the fear splinter and fall away, and then all of it was gone. His mind cooled off like dousing a hot horseshoe in a pail of cold water. He could feel the mind in the evil soul-killing weapon, but he did not fear that which feared him and bowed to his will. He had mastered Elfmourner. 
Zaburo was covered in a thin coat of sweat. He slid Elfmourner back into its scabbard and slumped down into his chair. “Now isn’t that a bastard,” he mumbled as he searched his pocket for another spliff. 
He had never really given the gods all that much thought. They were irrelevant to him. The gods gave him nothing and mattered less. All he had learned and earned had been the result of his own sweat. There was little time for superstition and myth when you spend your life dodging swords and bodyguards. What little time he did have was spent in a laboratory hunched over alchemical texts on poisons and toxins and reeking mixtures. 
Well, he thought, gods are impracticable. Impracticable or not, they were real. That sucked. He sat back, puffed on the spliff and thought this over. They might be real, but what were they? He remembered some of his lessons, the ones he had tried to duck out on, but always managed to get dragged back. He took a cuffing from the old man for showing such disrespect. A man of his standing had an image to preserve. A good young assassin was expected to attend the Hidden Temple of Seth. 
Puffing away, he strolled down the shelf of books, running one finger along the titles. Some he understood, like the dwarfish books on metallurgy, books on architecture, some on weaponry. There were others were in Aelan Elf, a language he had yet to master. What was inside those pages he had no little idea. He finally came to the Family Book of Light, a book of Osiran scripture that had been in Anza Tolchak’s family for three generations. He pulled out the heavy tome and carried it back to the table. 
Zaburo took his time reading the opening passages of the Book of Beginnings, reading and rereading the first three pages. When he finished, he was even more puzzled than before. From the writing, one could assume this was all legend, plain myth. Then again, what if it was not? The Book of Beginnings claimed that Seth and Osiris were both creators and part of creation. Both born out of the natural elements of the universe, they were the beings of balance. According to the Tenets of Seth, nature was imperfect, creation an abomination. Osiran’s saw the universe as imperfect, but all things strived to perfection, the ultimate goal. The two Gods fought, had fought since the beginning of time. 
The Book taught of mortals gradually climbing towards the light, setting aside the natural order of things in pursuit of happiness. The Book railed against Seth and his followers as practitioners of the grossest hedonism and amoral conduct. The weak should be protected, not eliminated, taught the Book. Osiris said creation was not yet complete but was still in process. Striving towards perfection was the goal of all mortals. 
Zaburo remembered talking to a black priest who had been on the run from the authorities at the time. Sipping wine at Anza’s table, he had sneered at this Book. He had said the Osirans were striving towards sterility, a world without competition and eternal boredom. It would be a fate worse than death. To sit in a paradise bored out of your damned mind. The real world was in the striving, the struggle to be strong, to survive the trials of life. To let the weak perish, even to prey on them, was to be a true creature of the universe. Although he agreed with much of the sentiment, he had not seriously accepted the existence of any god. It was a real kick in the crotch to find out he was wrong. 
There you had it. Seth was real and liked him. Many might have seen that as an excuse to party. Zaburo saw himself in a metaphysical straitjacket where events and others would mold his future. Something of his free will was gone, and he began to wonder if he had ever had any at all. All he wanted was to be left alone, maybe get a little high with his friends, and feed off the bounty of the land. Now he had this stupid sword and talked to demons. Just great, he thought, shaking his head. He took one last puff off the spliff and tossed the butt into the fireplace. There was no option. He would have to kill Seth. 
Zaburo packed up the last of his supplies for the trip. He tucked a quarter pound of mauve into his hollowed out Tome of Beginnings and latched it shut. All the rest of his gear had been packed earlier. All that remained to do was to close down the Gem Shoppe and load up the horses. He spent the time before dawn mechanically going through his checklist and losing himself in his thoughts. 

***

The dwarf knelt at the back of the Temple. He set his helmet down on the tile in front of him and tossed his gauntlets on top of it. He sat back on his heels and closed his eyes. For the first time in his life, he could truly rest and meditate on the might of Seth, without the usual paranoia. 
For fifty years, Hypher had worshipped at the altar of the Lord of Shadows and the Night. Fifty years of sneaking into dark basements and damp caves, fifty years of peering around corners to avoid a surprise visit by the Warriors of Light, fifty years of fear and rage for the intolerant harassment by Lords of Light. 
So long ago, it seemed he had been cast out of the Elite Darvuun Guard for "a lapse of moral honor and strength." He remembered how the Kooranians had surrounded his men at Anz-lak. They sent an envoy, a mouthy and vain cretin, to demand his surrender. Enraged at the arrogance, Hypher had killed the envoy, chopping him into cutlets with his fabled axe. The enemy was enraged. 
Hypher launched an unprecedented night attack before the Kooranians were ready. He and his men broke through the enemy ring and escaped. The Darvuunians fought maniacally for they knew that they would all die because Hypher killed the envoy. Ten out of one hundred and fifty died in the retreat and eventually spearheaded the counterattack that broke the back of the Vilehand-Kooranian Alliance. It was a great Darvuunian victory.
A few traitorous pukes were offended by his dishonorable conduct. Jealous incompetents dragged him up on charges before the Priests of Light and a tribunal of Honorable Officers. A brief trial and he was stripped of his rank, branded with the eye on the backs of both hands, and tossed out into the street. They left him nothing. 
He had left Nova-Primus with a fine send off: over-ripe vegetables, fruits, and steaming horseshit. Hypher fled from the cities and the towns, an outcast, shunned and disgraced. Hypher wandered the wilderness for a month until he stumbled across the camp of a wandering Rack half-breed. He had grown almost feral in his wandering, but he recognized the fine aroma of venison. Hypher walked into the camp with an axe made of stone in his hands. He wore the skins of deer and hand-made boots. 
The half-breed had seen him sneaking in and stood up. "Join me, my friend. I have more than enough coffee for us both. Pull up a rock." 
Hypher did not cover up his scars. The brands on his hands had become a badge of honor. He noticed the momentary rising of the traveler’s eyebrows but said nothing. The dwarf accepted the coffee and savored the aroma of civilization by swirling the coffee under his nose. If there was one thing he missed about civilization it was coffee, even if it was in a cup shaped from a human skull. 
That cup of coffee turned Hypher's life in a new direction. For a decade he served as a bodyguard of Orak-tor, High Priest of the Order of Seth. Hypher fought at his side as he traveled about the land of Darvuun setting up little temples of the Dark One and ordaining priests. And when the Warriors of Light in a late night ambush killed Orak-tor, Hypher joined the Shadow Temple, becoming a Minion of Seth. 
While others had scorned him and wiped away all memory of his previous life and deeds, the Order of Seth considered him a hero. His reputation serving Orak-tor and Seth had become an underworld legend. As time passed, he traveled the continent as a bodyguard to high profile Black Priests, smuggling drugs, weapons, and people. For forty more years, he killed and maimed in the name of Seth. Inside of him burned the hatred for all that was Osiran. How many times had they reprimanded him for being overzealous and having "unnecessary collateral casualties"? With the Order of Seth, nothing mattered but success. In the scheme of things there was no such thing as an innocent bystander. With his axe and strong left arm, he grew to be one of the most respected and feared mercenaries in the underworld. He owed all of his success to Seth. 
Despite all of his success, Hypher yearned for the day when he could stand before the thrones of the world as a proud warrior. It was one thing to fight; he did that very well. He wanted to be there at the front of the troops, leading with his axe, not grubbing about in the seedy underbelly of society. No matter how much money he made, there was still that part of him that knew where he would be one day. He would have his vengeance. 
Hypher's devotion to Seth was absolute. That is not to say that he always trusted the words of the priests. They were only mortal; the talking serpent was not. He knew Seth was real. The Lord Serpent emissary of the Dark One had spoken to him and praised his deeds and his devotion years ago. The Dark Lord had shown him the path to the Axe of the Dwarf-Lich that now was slung over his shoulder. This powerful weapon could do things he still did not understand, but it was of Seth. That was enough.
Seth was real. Hypher fought for Him living for the day when Seth would overthrow Osiris on the Plains of The Final Battle. Even to fall in this final battle would be an honor. As long as he knew that he had helped bring about the final victory, his life meant nothing. 
He had helped secure the new Imperial Braz-nur Dynasty. He had a place among the mighty in this new future. He knew Azan-nur would succeed his father and would father sons who would secure the place of Seth in this new age. One day Hypher’s sons would proudly walk into a Temple of Seth without fear or shame. Someday the Osirans would be wiped from the face of the earth. Just to realize that filled him with pride but he could do more. It made him anxious and impatient. 
He looked up to the large black ankh on the back wall and closed his eyes. Such peace to be able to do that, he thought. For so long no one had dared to close their eyes in the temple. Fear of treachery and raids made that impossible. It meant that one always stayed armed to the teeth, even in the Temple. 
He prayed. "Lord Seth, hear this, thy servant," he whispered. "Grant thy strength to my left hand and my axe. Curse my enemies, and preserve me from the blundering of my allies. Let this servant proclaim your name. I will slay thy enemies. I will grant no mercy to the weak. Every blow shall be a blow for Thee, every death a celebration of your power. Watch over me, Dark Lord and grant me your favor." Hypher opened his eyes and noticed an elderly priest changing the black candles at the head of the altar. 
Hypher put on his gauntlets and slipped his helmet on before coming to his feet. The priest lit the new candles from the small torch he carried and came down to the dwarf. The warrior met the priest and handed him a small emerald. He dropped it in a hand tattooed with drops of blood. 
"I thank thee, Hypher. Thou art a noble warrior," said the old priest. 
"It will be a time before I return. Remember me to the Dark One when you can," he said as he bowed to the priest. 
"Seth will remember thee, Hypher, Warrior of the Temple. We will remember thee. Somehow, I think many will remember you, my friend. Fate led you to Seth long ago. Now let Seth will guide your fate and destiny." He set the torch in the holder. “All things will be revealed in their own time.” 
Hypher nodded his head. "The only problem is that the Gods are always so damned vague. I wish I knew more what he wished of me." 
"It will all come in the fullness of time and whenever Seth deems it convenient for you to know. Hang in there, Lord Hypher. We know something has changed and it is time for you to go and serve the Lord of Shadows in other ways." The priest reached into his pocket and took out a heavy chain of blackened silver with a black ankh in amber clasped by two clutching talons. He handed it to Hypher. "Take this as a token of the appreciation for your long devoted service. You will know when you are in the presence of our enemies." 
Hypher slid off his gauntlet and took the chain. He looked at the gemstone and then looped the chain over his neck. "I thank you for your gift, Dark One." He could see the sun getting ready to peek over the city through the open frames where once had been stain-glassed windows proclaiming the glory of Osiris. It was time to go. He turned on his heel and left the Temple. The Temple stable boy handed him the reins of his horses as he came down the stairs. Hypher flicked the youth a small emerald. He climbed up into his saddle and headed to the East Gate. 
***
Scather Bloodhand looked up and down the alley. It was quiet. He saw no one and heard nothing. He turned to the stone wall and felt for the hold and holes. Without hesitation, he climbed the twelve-foot wall and peered over the top. A guard passed by him and walked down the thirty feet to the corner tower. The guard splashed water on his face from a barrel and Scather went over the wall. He landed softly and scooted down the stairs to the street below before the guard's face was dry. 
Scather stayed in the shadows as he stripped off his black mask and bodysuit. He rolled it together tight and stuffed it into his knapsack. He was now Allyn Yellowjacket, Elvin merchant and musician. He strolled down the dimly lit street of the Merchant District, noting the well-armed mercenary guards protecting the warehouses. Some were lounging in front of the buildings, while others talked and joked. 
Allyn Yellowjacket strode into an open delivery area, used as a market area during the day. The guards noted his presence. He walked up to one of the storage areas with a huge VI on the door and pulled out his huge brass key with a big six and a small 6 engraved below it. He showed it to the surly guard, who took his time examining the key. He even bit it to make sure it was not a fake. 
The guard opened the door and the elf stepped inside. He was inside a long corridor well lit with glow globes. He waited until the guard closed the door and then looked down the hallway. Storage area six, he thought to himself. The door would be the third one down the hall on the right. He padded softly along until he was beside the door. 
Scather pressed his ear against the door. He could hear the buzz of conversation but not what was actually being said. An elf could have, he thought. He slowly reached down and slid out his two boot knives, palming them gently. He closed his eyes for a moment, and then slowly faded from sight. 
Two knocks on the door, a pause then two more. The sound of talking stopped. After a moment, the door opened a crack and an eye looked out. Scather threw his weight against the door. The door thudded into the face beyond and flew open. The black-clad mercenary staggered back, but not down. The door was open and he could see no one there! 
Still unseen, Scather lunged at the black clad mercenary. The first dagger sliced the mercenary’s throat. The throat gushed blood and the shocked warrior tried to stem the wound vainly with his free hand. Scather thrust the other dagger into his eye and twisted it. Scather shimmered back into sight, the last thing the guard ever saw before biting the big one. 
The second man jumped from his chair, grabbing his crossbow and trying to get a fix on the target. He froze, uncertain, for a moment when he saw Scather Bloodhand. Scather pushed the first man back, abandoning the knife lodged in the man's head. As the corpse dropped, his eyes narrowed at the man homing in on him. He reached deep into his mind and flung a crackling mind blast at the crossbowman with every bit of strength he could muster. The bolt ripped into the guard's head. He felt his body burst into flames, the pain causing his mind to shriek in endless agony. He dropped his weapon and clutched his head, his body arching back in searing pain. The crossbow fired when it hit the floor, the heavy star quarrel thudding into the door. He fell to his knees, silently screaming, mouth frothing. 
Scather quickly shut the door and slumped against it for a moment to get his breath before he crossed the room. He stood before the kneeling young assassin for a moment and looked down into his eyes. There was nothing there but pain. He nodded in satisfaction, and then stabbed him through the eye with the dagger still wet with his friend's blood. Scather twisted the blade viciously, hoping the cretin felt something as he died. Inefficiency and carelessness lead to serious consequences, like dying. 
Scather Bloodhand went into the back room and opened the safe with his key. It was one of those big floor safes, used to store valuable merchandise. It was necessary. There were so many thieves about these days; it just paid had to be careful. He took out his weapons, including his starmetal sword Nightwind. He set them all down on the guard’s cot and took the time to loot his former companions, eventually getting their share of the money from the sale of the mauve they had inherited and Scather had just sold. It was just as well, they would never survive the war going on in the underworld. 
Scather peeled away the elf disguise. Soon, all that remained was a reasonably handsome 'breed, as far as 'breeds’ go. That made him an average, nondescript sort of human. He wiped away the eyes and washed his face in the washbasin to get off the last of the spirit gum. He patted his face dry with a soft towel. The assassin darkened his eyebrows and added a thin moustache. He studied it for a moment, and then peeled it away. He applied a bushy moustache and added a goatee. He looked in the mirror and studied his face for a moment. 
"Hmmm," he said thoughtfully. "A warrior would have a scar or two." He created a scar below his left eye from the ear to the nose. "Naw," he said. He shortened the scar by two thirds and whitened it a bit. Such a shame to cover such a handsome face, he thought. He slicked back his thick black hair and tied it in the back with an eagle clasp. Something neutral and plain would be right. After finishing with his face, he snapped on his chainmail jacket. He snapped the mail under his left arm and tested the breakaway hasps, just in case he needed to shuck the armor in a hurry. 
Scather hooked Nightwind over his right shoulder and tested the swivel. He slipped two throwing stilettos into his shoulder sheaths and snapped them tight. After cleaning his boot knives, he put them back in their scabbards. Under his sleeves he hooked two straps with three throwing stars on each. He hooked a small battle hatchet on the left side of his belt. He slipped on a conical metal leather-lined helmet over his head that covered the top of his head and down over his neck. Lastly, he tossed on a light blue cloak and cowl. 
Scather reached under his shirt and pulled out his Guild medallion. He snapped the chain from his neck and dropped it next to the mercenary he had killed. “You have served Seth well, my friends. We will meet again.” Bloodhand turned him over and snapped off his Mercenary Guild medallion. He stuck it in his belt. He dropped it in the sewer two blocks away. Scather Bloodhand was dead. 

***

Tha-Wal hummed as he checked the small chest. He checked the small bundle of feathers, the small vials filled with powders and liquids of all kinds, and two large jars of ointment. He lay the soft padding on top and tightly closed the lid. He set the chest inside a hole in the wall next to his desk. 
He went around his library gathering a few bags of gems, a dozen daggers, a few extra wands, and two extra cloaks for those cold nights. He wished he could take his three hundred books, but in the end, he only took a dozen and put them into the hole. Finally, he took his own Book of Spells and wrapped it in the hide of the fierce naugabeast before putting it into the hole in the wall. He checked around again before tossing in a few pipes and a hookah. It would be a crime to suffer if he ran out of Vellafuge Rolling Papers and he had no way to smoke. 
He sat down, pulled out his silver spliff case and flipped it open. He popped a spliff into his mouth and lit the end from the small table candle. He sat back and looked around his room, making sure he had forgotten nothing. Satisfied, he peeled the magical hole off the wall and folded the black circle twice. Tha-Wal tucked the soft cloth into his inner chest pocket and tapped it to make sure. He sat back, sipped his favorite vintage wine, and watched the beginnings of false dawn. 
The gnome was under a lot of pressure to succeed. The Osirans were growing in strength within the Grove. These tomes would permit Seth’s adherents to fight on even ground and restore order to The Grove, the Gnomish heartland. It was hoped that someday they would eliminate the Osirans altogether, perhaps in a generation or two. To that end, Tha-Wal would be willing to serve Seth. He would kill, maim, and destroy for Seth. He also rather liked it. 
***
They met at the East Gate shortly after the gong that signified the end of the night, just as the morning guards were just opening the Gate for the day. Tha-Wal and Hypher arrived at the same time, having met earlier for a bit of breakfast on the go. A few chunks of fresh steaming bread and a chunk of pork was a great way to start the day.
The East Gates opened silently but slowly until they were wide open. The night guards marched away with the Officer of the Day back to the barracks, leaving the day crew to handle business. It was all very serene and peaceful. Hypher and Tha-Wal slipped off their ponies and made some last minute adjustments to their packhorses. The dwarf had everything under a heavy tarp except for a steel battle-axe hooked over top of everything. 
Tha-Wal checked his mount briefly, nodded and then slid his silver cigar case out of his cloak pocket. He expected good work from those he paid to do it. He snapped his silver case open and popped a spliff into his mouth. He snapped his fingers and lit the end with a little finger flame. It did not go unnoticed by the guards and made them jumpy. Magic made people edgy sometimes and Tha-Wal liked to make mundane people nervous, especially the Big People. He leaned against the open gate and puffed away.
Zaburo was the next one to enter the square. His light brown horse wore a light coat of chain barding over its chest and stomach. He led an older packhorse packed meticulously with everything he would need. Strapped on top of the tarp were a Kooranian tulwar, a double-bladed battle-axe, and a two-tined trident. He was dressed in a brown and light green shirt and pants under a suit of chain-link armour. His sword hilt peeked out over his right shoulder, most of the scabbard hidden under his grey cloak. His boots were of soft worked leather with frills up the back of each one. He wore a simple open-faced helmet of black steel padded inside with soft leather. Zaburo carried a light lance hooked onto his stirrup.
Zaburo slid from his horse as the last of the team entered the square. Gone was the elf, here was the warrior. Scather entered the square steering his horse with his knees and rolling a spliff. He looked like your everyday mercenary, but Zaburo noticed packages of highly concentrated foods, like honey cakes and sugar breads slung over the back of his saddle. He probably had a few heavy bars of chocolate in there as well, thought Zaburo. 
 Scather Bloodhand finished rolling his spliff on the back of his horse and lit it with a small red stick he took from his jacket. He looked at the gnome as he puffed away, "An amazing invention, Tha-Wal," he said enthusiastically. "A great invention. Goes out when you stop smoking. The tobacco takes off the edge and burns smoothly. Less mauve gets you more wasted. This has incredible potential."
They looked at Scather for a moment, then each other and started to laugh. This was definitely an improvement on the depressing elf Goodleaf, Seth keep his soul in eternal pain. 
"Let's do it,” said Zaburo, shaking his head. They all mounted up and Zaburo tossed the guards a few pieces of silver as a sign of appreciation. Now he remembered what annoyed him about Scather. He had a tendency to run off at the mouth and babble incessantly when he smoked. Oh great, he thought. At least the elf had been quiet. He squeezed his knees and led his horse out of Kuranas. 
In the background he could still hear Scather rambling to Tha-Wal about being caught in a tree or some such thing. He had much to think on and this long ride would be just the chance. He lost track of the conversation and would never catch the thread again that day.
 

CHAPTER SEVEN

Spiritual favors are not always to be looked for, and not always to be relied on.
Amelia Barr (1831–1919)

Oh great, thought Zaburo. The sun has barely risen and they’re already wired. He could understand Tha-Wal. That was the way of wizards. It had something to do with making the effort to control magic easier and making it less traumatic on the mind. Considering the nightmares that existed on the edge of reality, it was no surprise. 
Scather was a different case, or was he? Those mind powers he tried so hard to hide could be very difficult to control. He suspected it drained the assassin of energy quickly, explaining the concentrated foods Scather always carried with him. He shivered at the thought of beet-bread. It was a disgusting food, but heavily sweetened. Being wired probably made the powers easier to control, maybe even strengthen him. 
Zaburo noticed the small lyre peeking out of Scather's pack. Musicians were a notorious lot when it came to smoking herb and mauve. Mind you, most of the bards he had known could barely afford herb, let alone mauve. If he remembered correctly, Scather had once posed as a bard in order to get close to a target. He had even hung around after the hit because he was making time with the target's daughter. It was not the hit that almost cost Scather his head. It was not one of his more glorious moments. Anza had threatened to demote Scather over that error in judgment.
While they slowly rode across Virgin Green down the trampled path of Darvuun's 
Imperial Army, they checked for clanking packs and rattles. Zaburo slowed and checked his pack-horses’ tarp. He prodded it with his foot and it didn't make a sound. He hooked the wineskin from his belt and popped it open with his teeth. He took a big slug, replaced the plug and tossed it to Hypher. “Wine? Anza’s old stock.” 
Hypher popped the top and took a sip. He frowned for a moment and took another drink. "Unique vintage," he commented as he sealed the skin and tossed it back to Zaburo. "Smelled it only once before. The first time was on the body of Toberin of Ellankas. Poor fool died; an unfortunate accident in the stables." 
"Friend of yours?" asked Zaburo 
"Not really. He was actually quite an asshole. Son of a merchant I was contracted to protect. It was a slow month at the Temple. Cheated at dice I had heard. The stables can be a dangerous place at night," commented Hypher. 
"Tsk," said Zaburo, "dreadfully dangerous." 
"Indeed," Hypher replied. "Some say fatal. I lost my bonus on that one." 
"Unfortunate," said Zaburo. What did the fool want him to do, admit it? He was amused. 
"Ah, strange are the ways of Seth," Hypher said with a smile. 
"Indeed," Zaburo replied. "They are." He puffed his spliff as his horse walked along the packed sand road leading out into the east. In a few miles, even these roads would fade into nothing more than a few vague paths. 
The grass had been trampled flat by the recent passing of the Darvuunian Army as it stormed its way into the Kooran territories. Many of the former rulers of Darvuun had been content to share a border with Kooran despite the occasional clashes. Negotiations and treaties were forgotten almost as soon as they were signed. The new rulers of Darvuun were not so forgiving or tolerant. 
Zaburo remembered some stories told by the priests about the fall of the Vilehand. The mighty Vilehand Raak tribe had once ruled his area when Darvuun was a distant annoyance across the Great River. You could still see the some of the worn pathways across the steppes they had left behind over the centuries. 
The end of the Vilehand War had seen the annihilation of the ruling tribe of the Raak. That had been twenty years ago. Twenty-five years since the ill-fated invasion attempt by the Vilehand of the Northern Archipelago. They had never expected to meet the combined enemy fleet and to be thrown back onto the steppes and destroyed. The Vilehand faded out of history and into legend. Here, King Thanos Vilehand fell at the hands of Andraxan of Darvuun and Lightbearer of Geondra, and justice was served. The Vilehand were no more. 
Even today, it was still possible to see old Raak ruins, desolate, grown over with moss and vines. The Raak retreated, actually fled, to new borders and rebuilt. All that remained on the steppes were the human barbarians who had once served with the Raak, the Kooranians. Over thirty scattered clans usually numbering no more than one hundred called the steppes home.
Again, Darvuun found itself in a war started by others. The kidnapping of the Crown Prince Azan-nur was a perfect excuse. Braz-nur saw an opportunity for Darvuun to grow. Darvuun would only grow by taking what it wanted. Seth had granted them a mission. With the droughts that had swept Darvuun in the past decade, they needed the rich and arable lands of the east. Rather than exist on Geondran largesse, they would take Kooran. One hundred thousand swords said they could do it. The army of the Empire of Darvuun marched.
It was not until noon they saw the distant dust clouds in the east. The supply caravans of Azan-nur's First Darvuunian Legion would be less than a half-day behind the main army. Zaburo stopped his horse on top of a small knoll and pulled out his map. He estimated their travel time, checked the sun and checked the map again. 
Scather came up beside Zaburo and handed him a lit spliff. "Where now?" 
"We turn due north for the next four days," said Zaburo, puffing out a huge cloud of smoke. “We should hit the northern wing of the Darvuunian Army in two days." 
"Not moving very fast are they? Azan-nur will be quite a bit further east by that time." 
"The northern and southern wings are taking out population centers in the woodlands. Azan-nur and the Cavalry will crush the armies on the plains," explained Zaburo. 
"That's a drastic solution. It stretches resources to the limit." 
"Braz-nur does not plan on having the history books write of a second Kooranian War. By the time he is finished here, the Kooranians will be erased from the map and there will be lots of land for the settlers." Zaburo rolled up the map and slid it back into the leather tube on his saddle. 
"Much as the Vilehand War twenty years ago," observed Scather. "This has all the earmarks of a historic turning point. You know, one of those times in history when the crap hits the wall. I would say we are in interesting times." 
"Only if Darvuun wins, Scather. This is fraught with great risks. There are great armies in the west." answered Zaburo. 
Scather looked at Zaburo curiously. He had noticed Zaburo's new blade earlier and was curious why Zaburo had said nothing. Scather was sure he recognized it from the ancient writings. Most would have hardly noticed another sword, but not Scather. He had grown up in the Shadow Warrior Clan. He had heard the legends of the great Elfmourner. He had seen the great mural of Elfmourner wielded in battle by Thanos Vilehand, the last Raak King when he fell at Kuranas. To be the wielder of such a sword and to say nothing meant that there was something of cosmic crisis coming if Elfmourner was once again in circulation. Only he, the Raak King, a Vilehand, could wield it. It could have only come from Seth; Scather had no doubt. It would be profitable to stay and befriend Zaburo Tolchak. Maybe it was his destiny to aid the Chosen of Seth. 
"Darvuun will win. I feel the hand of Seth is guiding Azan-nur in his venture. The hand of Seth is guiding Darvuun." Never hurts to praise Seth when talking to the Chosen One, thought Scather as he let Zaburo alone with his thoughts. Zaburo was the Chosen of Seth, and he was right here to be a part of it. 
Oh, damn, cursed Zaburo silently, another religious fanatic. Doesn't anyone think? The hand of Seth this, the will of Seth that. Aaargggh! Still, Seth was real enough. Zaburo chafed at the idea of voluntary servitude. Actually, it was more like outright involuntary servitude, considering that Seth really objected to someone opposing His will and refusing his generous offer. 
He looked down at the spliff after he took a haul. What a brilliant idea, he thought. Use the spliff as a blowgun. Have maybe a fifth of it real, the rest a pre-loaded dart. Could fire it right out through the ember at the end. Be a helluva surprise. 
Tha-Wal and Hypher finally caught up Zaburo and Scather, their ponies puffing a little. The gnome checked the sun and looked north. He slid off his pony and stretched his legs before lighting up a spliff. 
"North from here," commented Zaburo to the gnome. 
"That's right." 
"You okay?" asked Zaburo. 
"This is so damned boring. My ass is sore. It's hard to light a spliff trying to keep up to you guys. Can you slow it down a bit?" Tha-Wal rubbed his butt, trying to inflate his butt cheeks. Maybe part of the problem was this dislike of wide-open places. Plains lands always bothered him. There was no place to go if you really wanted to hide. He could see the green line on the horizon and sighed. That forest was a welcome sight. 
Zaburo looked at Scather and grinned. They watched the gnome climb back on his pony and groan as he sat down on the saddle. "Maybe five days." 
By nightfall, they reached the edge of the forest. It was thick with maple, oak, and poplar once they got through the initial sprouting of shrubs and bushes along the edge. One could almost get the impression the forest was at war with the plains here, trying to advance using shrubs as shocks troops. They found an open glade along a barely used path surrounded by a thick stand of maple trees and dismounted. 
Scather took care of the horses, tethering them near a small stream with a thick carpet of grass. Zaburo and Hypher left to scout around the area, leaving the gnome to start the campfire and get some coffee brewing. 
Zaburo and the dwarf returned a few minutes later. Hypher had a fawn draped over his shoulder and tossed it down next to the fire. Scather slid out a skinning knife and got to work.
"Dropped him in full flight from fifty paces," laughed Hypher. He pulled out his daggers and joined Scather. A few minutes later, dripping steaks sizzled over the fire.
The last of the meat was gone. The bare bones of the fawn still hung on the spit over the fire. The four of them had plucked it clean. Scather had particularly liked the baked brain. After an after-feast coffee and spliff, they bedded down, Zaburo offering to take the first watch. 
Zaburo took out a book from his pack and sat down next to the fire. The only sounds were the gentle wind through the leaves and the occasional owl. The book was a journal written by Anza Tolchak's father, Karra, one of the first Darvuunians to open trade with the Raak. It was probably one of the first definitive books in existence on the Raak, written shortly after the Vilehand War. 
Synopsis of Mission #34435, he read 
Twelve tribes make up Raak society. There is a thirteenth, the Darksoul, who are not really a tribe unto themselves. They are the Priest class selected from the best candidates of any tribe who wishes to join. If their offspring fail to win selection, they are demoted to the original tribe of the father. 
The other twelve tribes are: Vilehand, Festering Fist, Crimson Sword, Dripping Eye, Bleeding Jaw, Shadow Warriors, Black Axe, Poison Hand, Ebony Tusk, Stoneheart, Deathmoon, and Oozing Skulls. Traditionally, the tribes are autonomous from each other until times of war. 
The King of the Vilehand becomes the War Leader, often known as the Chosen, and all Raak defer to this leader. What is not known is why this is so? Where are the Vilehand’s tribal lands?  The Darksoul and the Shadow Warriors serve the Vilehand. Each clan contributes to the Vilehand Elite, which exists even in times when there is no Vilehand King. 
How could a race that spends so much time fighting each other simply stop and unite under such an arrangement? The secret is the loyalty of the Darksoul to the Vilehand. The Priests of Seth recognize a Chosen One and present him to the High Raak Council. The last Chosen, Thanos Vilehand died twenty years ago in a final glorious stand on the walls of Kuranas. 
How and why the Chosen are selected is unknown. How the Priests know is also unknown although it is suspected a demonic influence is involved. Such secrets are told only in the City of Gaathmargh, the Black City, the City of Seth in the Valley of Shadows. Some legends suggest the passing on of an ancient artifact to justify the selection of a Chosen. Rumor has suggested the last three Chosen wielded a sword of great power. This did not save the last king of the Raak. It was lost and never found.
They Raak Legions were exterminated in the fall of the tenth year of the reign of King Thanos Vilehand. What the Raak believe is that the rising of a Chosen heralds a new age of war between the Seth and Osiris. Now of course, with all the Vilehand gone, it is chaos in Tangersee, the Land of Shadows. The High Raak Clan Council cannot agree on anything and only the Darksoul enforces peace in the Black City and keeps the fighting from breaking out all over the countryside. 
Trade seems to be the one thing that prevents total chaos. Like everything else in Raak society, a contract is a contract. Anything can be bought and sold. Failure to live up to a contract is fatal. To show weakness is fatal.
There are a number of things about some of the clans of particular interest. The largest tribe is the Festering Fist, which guards the northwestern section of Tangersee. Its northern neighbor, the Crimson Blade, rules the entire region adjoining the Kooranian steppes in the north. Along the western coast live the Bleeding Jaw, Deathmoon, and the Stoneheart. These five tribes had fought the bulk of the battles between the Raak and the Humans. 
The Shadow Warriors are the smallest of the tribes. Numbers were deceptive and tended to be mostly guesswork. They are the assassins. They are said to have infiltrated every tribe and organization for reasons mostly financial. Scurrilous lies, they innocently maintain. They also hire themselves out for whoever had the gold to meet their price. In times of war, they became scouts and spies. They exert inordinate power for such a small clan.
Raak society is brutal. The weak do not survive. Right from the beginning, when infants are exposed to the elements in the first hour after birth to the end when the elderly are casually killed if deemed useless. Ritual suicide of the old ones is treated as a cheerful event, with the family dining on the head of the dead. Burial is a waste of good meat so the rest of the body is fed to the clan in a formal banquet. They do not understand the reluctance of other races to do the same. The Raak are without mercy, in fact they even find the concept difficult to understand. All they know is death and they embrace it willingly.
 The only area where any type of intelligence survives in good measure is in the development of metals and weapons. Other cerebral pursuits are not encouraged. In fact, there is not a single wizard, sage, or illusionist among the entire race 
Society exists as a very thin veneer covering generations of inter-tribal warfare, blood feuds, and the blood sacrifice of their enemies on the altars of the Temple of Seth. The strong and his friends wield power. The Raak society is geared for perpetual war, a warrior society that is constantly pruning away the weaker and feeble. They exist, only waiting for the call of Seth.
It can be seen that the Raak are no military threat to Darvuun. It is unlikely they will attempt any coordinated invasion of the West within the near future. They would be great trading partners for the guilds. The Festering Fist and Crimson Blade control the northern trade routes and are the most likely to be more tolerant of humans. Let trade be our greatest weapon.
Investigation reveals the Raak are highly xenophobic, capable of sniffing out elves, dwarves, and wizards. It is said the dwarves and elves drove them out of the western mountains more than eight millennia ago, before the coming of Humans. They have been at war with the elves and dwarfs for so long that these hatreds have become instinctive... 

Zaburo rolled up the scroll and put it back in his backpack. That was just great. The whole world believed the Vilehand was destroyed. All the Raak surely believed it. What a pile of crap, the Last Vilehand. It had the stench of a great epic and legendary confrontation that was going to get him killed. 

For three days they rode across the plains, avoiding the concentrations of Darvuunian troops. They spoke little and smoked a lot of mauve, Zaburo becoming especially good at rolling on the ride. At night, they said little. 
In the twilight the dwarf dutifully practiced his katas with his double-headed axe and then spent an hour or so on his knees in silent prayer to Seth. It was almost annoying. 
Scather spent a fair amount of time sharpening already razor-sharp weapons while smoking spliffs. Then he sat quietly by the fire meditating, sitting in a position he called the lotus flower for hours on end. 
The gnome, now there was a different character. He seemed to talk all the time, even when he was pouring over his scrolls and books. He only stopped to smoke a spliff, which was mercifully often. Still, he seemed to smoke a lot, even by Zaburo’s standards. 
It was a strange team indeed. Zaburo was not used to working with these strange types, but new things and new challenges were the spice of life, provided it did not get him killed. He usually worked with assassins and thieves, people you could trust, people he understood. Ever since that rescue of Azan-nur, though, he had considered the nature of such a team as this one. Despite the screw-ups, there was a certain something about his companions that interested him deeply. He was not sure exactly what it was, but he did not put beyond Seth to have engineered this gathering. He remembered tales of ancient heroes, groups of friends who strove to make the world a better place. They came together for a great cause, uniting their talents in one great apocalyptic strike in the service of their god, the heroes of the Age. Unfortunately Seth’s champions always seemed to come out on the short end of things.  
Zaburo Tolchak had had much time to think this over. Somehow this whole concept of destiny was truly counter to his ambitions. It made him more of a target for a thousand irate assholes with swords, daggers, poison, and some spewing magic. All he had ever wanted was a comfortable life with a bit of killing tossed in as a side benefit. To have the reputation, as the best hit man in existence was all he wanted. Destiny sucked. 
The only problem with this was it was perverse. They were bad guys, fodder for the golden heroes of another age. Two of them were assassins, for shit sake. Another was a psychopathic dwarf. The last was a perma-stoned gnome with hairy feet. On the face of it, this would not inspire any great confidence. 
And of course, there was him. Son of a Vilehand loser destined to be the next king of the Raak, one of those historically pivotal characters fucked over by the good guys. He had read the stories. But then, the victors write history. He would have to give that some thought. Still, the Raak had been steadily pushed back for thousands of years by the Lords of Light. It was disconcerting.
In the middle of the next day they came to the northern edge of the forest and stared out over the valley before them. It was not quite as they had expected, except for Tha-Wal who simply lit up another spliff and nodded his head. The gnome slid from his pony and tossed a handful of dust onto a pile of brush. It burst into flames. They spent a few minutes gathering wood for the fire.
“Shit,” muttered Scather Bloodhand. “Makes you cold just looking at it.
“No shit,” replied Zaburo Tolchak, as he looked out onto the plain below, shivering in the gusts of cold winter air rising from below and across the face of the Prismatic Barrier.
The valley below was just plain weird. It was one thing to hear of it, another to actually see it. Stretching off east and west was a shimmering barrier of swirling, prismatic, flashing strands of light rising from the ground and curving off into the sky. Behind and under the shimmering barrier, it was an arctic wasteland. They could see the endless swirling plains of ice and snow through the shimmering wall. At the foot of the barrier, gusts of cold air rolled out from under the swirling lights over fifty paces, freezing the ground and causing a cloud of mist to rise from the ground.  Here the forest simply ended, as if carved from the land with a huge knife. Far to the east and the west, the Escarpment dropped down almost a mile into the valley below before coming to meet with the mystic barrier. Beyond the very cold barrier valley, many days march were the sharp and ragged ridge of icy mountains known as the Draakkan Cordilleras. 
“Let me guess,” said Scather. “Through there?” 
Tha-Wal nodded. “Through there. The Prismatic Barrier, erected to contain the demon Draakka many millennia ago by the Gnomes. Many gnomes died to imprison the Draakkan bastards in the icy hell they so rightfully deserve. Our race has still not recovered from the death they brought among us. They must never be permitted to leave this place.” 
“How long have they been in there?” Zaburo lit up a spliff with his small ring.
“Eight or nine thousand years,” said Tha-Wal with a shrug.
“Bet they are pissed,” said Hypher
“If there are any left, they might be.”
“How do we get through?” asked Zaburo. 
“Simple. We walk through.” Tha-Wal flicked away the spliff stub and began to search around inside of his cloak pocket.
“Just walk through,” said Hypher sarcastically. 
“Well, after we smoke some of this especially enchanted hashish I just so happen to have in my cloak, there should be no problem.” The gnome pulled out four large spliffs and handed out one to each of them.
“This’ll be a first,” laughed Scather. “Imagine that, Tha-Wal treating.” 
“The Barrier is meant to keep the Draakka inside,” said Tha-Wal. “However, the effect can be quite disorienting and even fatal to non-Draakka. It will kill anything non-sentient, like horses, insects and bureaucrats. Try to keep yourself standing close to someone. If you are not careful, the effect can be somewhat disconcerting.” He pulled out a silver case and snapped it open. Inside were a half-dozen pre-rolled regular spliffs, which he handed out to each one of them. “We get ready first and then we smoke the special stuff.”
It took some time to scramble down the ice-coated basalt face of the escarpment. They had to let the horses go free. There would be no chance to take them through the Barrier.  Only Tha-Wal had problems with the climb. Rock climbing was not a well-practiced skill for hash smoking gnomish wizards. Once at the bottom, they sparked up the spliffs and killed a skin of fine wine. They wobbled up to the Barrier an hour later wired out of their minds. They had divided the gear into heavy packs. They tossed the last of the roaches into the cold grass and stepped into the Barrier mist. They kept close as they walked through the thick mist, and then stepped into the flashing lights of the Barrier. 
They felt their heads thicken as if they were stuffed with cotton balls. Sound deadened, the wind becoming something felt not heard. Bodies elongated, seeming to stretch across the ice and crusty snow. Time slowed down, the stretching seeming to last forever. The whirling streams of colors curled around them but they could feel nothing. They closed their eyes trying to offset the vertigo caused by the searing flow of lights, but it seemed to go through their eyelids and hands. Those who tried to speak found the words blew away on the silently searing wind. All that remained was to drive for the edge of the Barrier. 
They focused on the black and icy mountains, the peaks hidden inside fluffy clouds filled with soft snow. Thinking became difficult. Moving became harder and harder, each action taking more force and effort with each moment they were in the Barrier. Scather staggered out first, took a deep breath and slumped down onto a snow drift. He was followed quickly by Tha-Wal and Hypher who were clutching each other as they stumbled out and rolled into the snow. Zaburo stepped out last, looked around and then collapsed face first into the snow. 

 




CHAPTER EIGHT

We shall not cease from exploration and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
T. S. Eliot (1888–1965)

After three days, slogging through the hard crusty snow they finally fell under the jagged peaks. Even for the hardened warriors the last day was almost too much.  For Tha-Wal, it was intolerable. Each evening, they chopped out blocks of hard snow with their swords and axes for a new snow hut. Each evening they grumbled to themselves as, cold and wet, they tried to sleep in the frigid air.
On that last frigid evening, Tha-Wal stood out under the clear night sky and checked their bearings by peering through a small diamond amulet held in a golden talon. Hypher and Scather had fallen asleep earlier, still bitching about the cold, the snow, and the wind.
Zaburo sat on the pile of packs outside the shelter and puffed on a spliff. He stared at the rock face in front of them, admiring how the flickering lights of the Barrier reflected from every little crystal of ice and patches of mica and obsidian that stretched high and fair from him. It made the mountains appear to shift and move. “How close are we, Tha-Wal?”
Tha-Wal put away his crystal and pointed at an especially dark hole in the cliff face. “We head for that dull gap,” said the gnome, pointing a distance to the east. “We should be there by late morning.” He pulled out a spliff and lit it with a finger-flame he snapped into existence. Despite the wind, he puffed the spliff to life.
“Ever met a Draakka?” asked Zaburo.
“No,” he replied, puffing out a thin cloud of purple smoke. “No. They haven’t been seen since before the time Humans came here. The Barrier has been up for a few millennia. Long before I was born.”
“I’m not sure I get that entirely. Why were they sealed up to begin with?”
“My people sealed the Draakka long ago at the end of a great war. Very little else is known, except to the Great Sages.”
“Well, if that is so, then what is Xann-Zulth doing holed up inside of the Barrier? Why don’t the Draakka just snuff her?”
“Xann-Zulth was one of the most powerful Illusionists in the last ten generations. When she fled the Grove with the Tomes of Power, she came to the only place on Earth where most magicks could not penetrate. The only magicks that can penetrate the Barrier, she took with her. That special hash we smoked was part of the very last stored in the Grove Archives over a hundred centuries ago. The knowledge in the Tomes is needed to lower the Barrier. The magicks involved are very complex. Even if they can’t use it, they now have it.” The gnome took another puff of his spliff and held it deep despite the cold. “Maybe she offered the Draakka the way out. The consequences would be very unpleasant.”
“So what magicks cannot do, swords must.”
“Exactly,” agreed Tha-Wal, “and if we destroy the book as Seth demands, it will weaken the Osirans considerably. It gives Seth a great bargaining chip with the Draakka. Seth has only asked us to destroy the Tome of Light. Keep the Dark Tome and the Osirans will be truly screwed. The gnomes will add considerable firepower to Seth’s side. It will help overpower the Osirans. It will draw the gnomes out of their traditional neutrality and into Seth’s camp.” 
“And put your friend Bettina into a position of great power.” Tha-Wal smiled. Zaburo flicked his butt into the snow and headed back to the snow hut. He crawled inside and soon passed out.
Scather’s eyes flickered open. The whisper of the blowing ice and snow had ended. For the first time in days, the world was quiet, truly quiet. Maybe it was the silence that had awakened him. He knew better.
The small lamp still flickered providing their little bit of heat. The only other light came from a small hole in the roof. He tried to relax, but still found his hand on Nightwind. With his sword in his hand, he let himself relax and prepared to leap outside into the cold.
Gish!! Crash!! The wall exploded inward, spraying ice and snow into Scather’s face. A falling block took out Tha-Wal as he sat up in surprise. His eyes never focused. A second blast exploded more blocks into the igloo, but not before Scather managed to dive out through the small door of the igloo. 
Zaburo came to his knees, and then was pummeled in the face by a half dozen blocks of snow. “Oooofff.” He staggered into the wall still holding onto his sword.
Hypher came to his feet, and then tripped over the gnome, landing on Zaburo. “Dammit!”
“Shit!” growled another voice in the darkness
Scather rolled out of the doorway and up to his feet, Nightwind in front of him. He almost froze. He almost died. “Shit,” he muttered under his breath.
It was huge, really big. It stood almost eight feet high and was covered in a thick coat of gray and white fur that reeked like a wet dog. It stood upright like a man, but even in the dim light of the stars there was no doubt this was not a man. It hands ended in long black claws. Its face sat scrunched up on the roughly pyramid-shaped skull. The eyes were close together sitting under a thick set of eyebrows that seemed to disappear into its thick tufts of hair or fur all over the top and back of its skull. The face flared down to a wide mouth filled with rotting yellow fangs and sharpened teeth. 
Scather figured six hundred pounds at least, all of it glaring down at him as it turned from the snow hut. Scather threw himself backwards into a side roll, barely ducking a vicious swipe of long claws. Only his surprising arrival spared him, startling the creature at the last moment and giving him that momentary chance to move. The claws raked the ice.
“Yech, what a fucking reek,” cursed Zaburo as he poked his head out through the smashed wall. He stared for a moment. “Fucking yeti. Shit.” Zaburo vaulted out through the hole clutching Elfmourner. He landed in the snow wearing only underwear and socks.
Scather rolled away in time to avoid a huge stomping foot where his face had been. As he came up, he blasted the yeti with a withering point-blank mind blast. Oh please, he thought desperately. The yeti stumbled as it drew back for another blow, appearing to slip on the ice.
Zaburo howled and plunged Elfmourner into the broad back in front of him. The yeti was fast. Impossibly fast, it pivoted and backhanded Zaburo in the chest. Elfmourner slipped out of the yeti’s back. Zaburo was hurled six feet away into the hard crusty snow.
“Shit!” he cursed as the hard snow and rocks cut his bare body.
Scather swung wide and high leaning hard into the blow. He felt he had only one chance. Zaburo was down and without his sword and he was alone facing this thing that had shrugged off his mind blast. Time slowed for him and he remembered what his teachers had once said - anyone can be hit. He studied the back in an instant, and then slashed Nightwind down. He missed the neck and opened a huge gash down the yeti’s back. 
The yeti turned, much faster than Scather had expected, streams of blood spurting into the snow from Zaburo’s wound and his own deep slash. A second later, Scather’s chest was sliced open by four huge talons right down to the bone. Momentarily stunned, he staggered back, losing his breath when he bounced on his ass. 
Scather looked up at the reeking fur ball. In desperation he let go one final mind blast, throwing everything he had into it. Fail and die, all or nothing, almost like a night in Anza’s casino. It was almost orgasmic to face death and win, what a rush. He could almost imagine the air turning to fire.
The yeti staggered as if slapped in the face with a heavy hand, stopping it in its tracks. It looked puzzled and pissed an interesting combination. It looked like it had forgotten what it had to do. It shook its head, and then roared.
“Zab!!” roared Hypher. Zaburo looked over in time to see the dwarf toss his battle-axe end over end as he struggle to get out through the snow blocks. The axe crunched into the snow beside him and he snatched it up fast.
The yeti booted Scather in the chest, narrowly missing his head. The young assassin rolled weakly out of the way, trying to fend off further attacks. Zaburo leaped up from the snow, whirling the axe around and around his head. He charged up behind the yeti, and then drove the blade of the axe into the back of the yeti’s skull. Blood splattered as the top third of its head was pared away. The yeti stumbled. Lying on his back, Scather watched the yeti’s eyes fade, then close.
   Zaburo’s second strike sliced cleanly through its collarbone and split its black heart. He ripped the battle-axe free pushing the yeti down face first with his foot down into the snow next to Scather. Zaburo knelt down beside Scather and looked him over. “Shit, he got you good. How are you feeling?” He palmed Scather’s spliffs.
“I’ll live,” Scather muttered as he slowly sat up. “What the fuck was that thing?”
“A yeti, some call them snowmen or mountain men. Heard stories of them, but never saw one before. I thought the stories were just a lot of wind.” He sat down in the snow, took out Scather’s pack of spliffs and offered one to Scather. Sitting there on the corpse in his underwear and socks, he lit up. At least it was still a bit warm. He needed that spliff more than a cloak.
Scather lit up and tucked it in his mouth. He clutched his chest wounds with his hands and concentrated for a moment. He then pushed the ragged edges of the tears together and watched the flesh melt back together. Zaburo raised his eyebrow but said nothing, just smoked. Interesting.
It took awhile for them to get packed again. The outside packs had been shredded by the yeti when it was looking for something to eat. Everything was a terrible mess. The bastard had been rather thorough about destroying things.  So they would leave a few hours earlier than expected.
 Tha-Wal was nursing a huge lump behind his ear caused by that heavy thwack on the head with a block of ice. He was in a foul mood. On top of little sleep he had a headache the size of Kuranas. At least he had the presence of mind to gather some samples, eyeballs, teeth, fur and claws. Probably worth a few gold coins to an alchemist or magician.
It was around mid morning when they reached the gap in the jagged mountains. The split in the ravine couldn’t have been more than twenty feet wide at the most. It was almost like a knife had cut a channel in a block of wax. It was filled with shadows, twisting off into the dark stone. The icy stone walls must have been almost sixty feet high. A small path was worn into the stone and gravel leading into the cold dark mountains.
Hypher studied the walls of the ravine for a few moments, and then looked to the others. “Be the perfect place for an ambush.” He pulled out his crossbow and notched a bolt.
Thwack! Thwack! Two black-shafted arrows stabbed into the snow, both right beside the gnome. They all scattered, hitting the dirt and shucking packs as fast as they could. The gnome moved surprisingly fast, throwing himself behind his backpack as he rolled out of the way. 
“I hate being right sometimes,” muttered Hypher as he hit the dirt looking around for the source of the arrows.
Tha-Wal whipped out his small sling and dropped a small gem into its pocket. Hypher snapped up his crossbow and fired into the rocks overhead. He wasn’t quite sure where they were, but he needed to keep their head down. Scather grabbed his bow and dumped the quiver into the snow. He snapped two quick shot into the rocks.
Two shafts drilled into Tha-Wal’s backpack. They definitely wanted him dead. He was beginning to take this personally. He whirled the sling while on his side and let fly. The gem slammed into rocks and roared into a ball of red and gold fire.
Zaburo took the opportunity to move. Unlike the others, he did not have a long-range weapon. He preferred to do his killing up close. He raced to the cliff face and scrambled up the rocks. He had seen the shooter the second time, hidden in a small gap in the rocks, likely in a small cave. He scrambled up and around the small gap and hooked a rope over a stone. He pulled out his small hand crossbow from under his right armpit.
Zaburo grabbed the rope with his right hand and held his small hand-crossbow with his left and pointed to the gap.  He held himself ready, letting Scather and Hypher fire another volley into the area. He gripped the rope and leaped out from the wall. The rope snapped tight and swung right into the gap in the rock.
Zaburo took out a Draakka with a boot in the throat just as he was getting ready to fire. The Draakka flew back into the wall and dropped like a stone, his arrow firing straight up into the air. Zaburo dropped lightly to his feet in the sizable cave. It looked like it was more of a permanent outpost rather than a last minute effort. A nice bookshelf, a well made stove, and comfortable seats, it was quite nice.
There were still two of them; he could see the reddish aura around their bodies in the dark. He snapped up his hand crossbow and shot the closest one in the throat. He charged the last one, dropping his crossbow and ripping Elfmourner free.
The warrior was fast. Zaburo blocked a seemingly wild swing, almost stepping into a nasty under thrust of a dirk that slid out of the Draakkan’s sleeve. At the last moment Zaburo saw the blade and twisted out of the way. He twirled his sword down at the dark elf’s head and was easily blocked. He spun into the knife hand and elbowed the elf in the throat.
Zaburo deflected a thrust with a twisting parry and plunged his sword into the elf’s abdomen. The room exploded into purple light when he struck. The Draakka shrieked in unholy agony. Zaburo’s body exploded in ecstasy. Swirls of purple light exploded out from the Draakkan’s body and surged into Elfmourner. In an instant, the elf aged a thousand years on the end of Zaburo’s sword. The light flickered from the sword, and then faded, leaving him standing in the quiet darkness. He pulled back his sword and the withered husk slid to the floor. The sword howled and writhed in his hand.
Zaburo looked around quickly, and then left the cave without touching anything. They had nothing he wanted and he could not afford to wait around in the cold. The stupid yeti had destroyed most of their gear, so they were under severe time restrictions. They had to get to Xann-Zulth as quickly as they could. And he still did not know how far they had to go. He took a deep breath and sheathed the moaning sword. “Damn,” he whispered.
Zaburo slithered back down the icy slope and joined the rest of them where they sat on their packs. Zaburo strolled down to them, a bounce in his stride. “There was only a couple of them.” Zaburo laughed and accepted the handshake of Scather. “They were pathetic.” He turned to Tha-Wal. “How much further? I’m damned well freezing.”  
  “Not much further I would think,” chattered the bundled gnome. He was not a cold weather creature. He preferred the warmth and serenity of the woods, the pleasant aroma of the grass and moss. “No much further, I hope.”
They edged their way down through the ravine in single file, led by the dwarf, followed by Scather, Tha-Wal, and then Zaburo bringing up the rear. Everyone walked softly but quickly, weapons at the ready. They scrambled over a small snow slide, sliding down to the grass.
The ravine ended in a cul-de-sac. It went no further, ending in an oasis. There were about a dozen palm trees surrounding a small warm spring. There was a thick carpet of grass and shrubs. It was a rather weird sight in a snowy wasteland. It was as if a small circle had been carved out of the Ninth Circle of the Hells.
Scather was the first to notice him. The Draakka was sitting calmly on a pad of soft moss sipping from a canteen and watching them slide down over the hump of ice and snow. The Draakka was dressed in a dark green body-length robe with a light brown cloak wrapped around his shoulders and chest. His long white hair was tied in a single heavy braid and a neatly sculpted goatee framed his face.
If he wore any armor, thought Scather, it must be hidden under his robe. The only sign of a weapon was a sword at his left side. Scather waited until Zaburo slid down the snow and then pointed at the Draakka with Nightwind.
Zaburo rested Elfmourner on his shoulder and stepped out from the foursome with a casual, who gives a damn swagger. “Hi there.”
The Draakka got up from the moss and leaned against a palm tree, picking his teeth with a toothpick. “You are a long way from home, friends,” he said in heavily accented Trade tongue. 
“Well, I’ve always wanted to wander in a pointless wasteland,” commented Zaburo with a pleasant smile.
“Problem is that it is our wasteland.” 
Zaburo turned to Scather. “Why is everyone so testy this week?” He turned back to the Draakka. ”Look, this isn’t going to be one of those ‘none-shall-pass routines, is it?”
The Draakka shrugged and slowly pulled out his long thin double-edged sword. “I’m afraid so. Tradition does require an introduction. At your service, I am Lord Argolzz of The Second Circle, Servant to His Majesty Mhel-Khur the Immortal.” He bowed slightly, keeping his eye on Zaburo at all times. 
Hypher looked at Zaburo. “Do you want to do this duel, or do we just do him?”
“Naw,” replied Zaburo, “I’ll do him.” He turned back to the Draakka. “I am Zaburo Tolchak, Chosen of Seth.”
“Oooooooo, a Chosen One of a pretend god?” Argolzz laughed. He stepped up to a clear patch of sand and held his sword to the ready. 
Zaburo dropped his pack and fur cape, then stepped up to meet Argolzz. He held Elfmourner at his side. He recognized the mantis style and smiled slightly. Slowly he circled around, keeping his sword low along his leg, without saying anything. He let himself sink into the Chaos Dance as he assessed the dark elf. 
Argolzz circled, then slid a few lightning thrusts at Zaburo’s right side, almost hitting him. Zaburo lightly danced out of reach of the steel, but seemed a little off balance. Zaburo let the Draakkan sense this weakness but it wasn’t real. Could he to bait him in for that one shot?
Zaburo flicked out his sword and sliced Argolzz’s left hand. The Draakkan winced at the severe blue burn caused by the moaning sword forged in the Pits of the Hells. He could feel the hunger of that sword, even in that momentary touch. Argolzz cursed under his breath.
Argolzz was no fool. He saw Zaburo’s tactic and smiled. Not bad for a lad this young, he laughed to himself. A quick opening and he sliced open Zaburo’s sword arm from shoulder to elbow. 
“Aaargggh, shit!” Zaburo cursed. His hand convulsed open and he lost Elfmourner. Bastard’s not bad, he cursed under his breath. He gritted his teeth and stepped back to regain his balance. At the same time he hauled out an envenomed dagger out of his sleeve. 
Argolzz laughed. He reached down to grab Zaburo’s sword.
“Don’t!!” 
Argolzz’s hand clutched Elfmourner. The Draakkan’s sword exploded in a ball of blue fire! All of them heard a long shriek. It was Argolzz. Zaburo heard his cry and shivered. His head spun and then blackness.
The next thing Zaburo remembered was waking up and looking into the loving eyes of Scather Bloodhand. He felt like that yeti had stomped him big time. The disorientation faded after a few moments and he sat up. He looked around. The other two were seated next to a campfire drinking coffee, so he must have been out for a while. Where Argolzz had once stood, there was nothing but charred grass. He looked around. “Elfmourner?”
Scather simply shook his head. “Poof! It went with him, wherever he went. Disintegrated, I think. Strange, though, it was his sword that exploded, not Elfmourner. But there’s nothing left but burnt grass.” 
“Aw, man. Seth is going to be pissed,” cursed Zaburo. Just great, he thought. The god makes a special visit to give a sword and name him Chosen, just so he can go and lose it. He was flunking the test.
“What the Hells happened?” asked Hypher, handing over a skin of wine to Zaburo. 
Zaburo took a deep haul of the wine. “It was Elfmourner, the great elf slaying sword of the Raak Kings. I can’t imagine what would happen if it was taken by an elf. It looks like he exploded, even disintegrated the damned sword as well. Man, Seth is going to be pissed over that.”
Tha-Wal lit a huge spliff and started looking around the oasis while Hypher made up some more coffee. Hypher broke out his pipe and puffed away on some good mauve. Everyone was sipping coffee when the gnome returned to refill his coffee.
“The door is hidden in the rock just over there. “ He motioned at the wall right behind him. He accepted a coffee from Hypher and grimaced after a big swallow. “Every time you make the coffee my teeth hurt.” He looked over at Scather and Zaburo. “It’s locked. That will take one of you guys to pop her open.”   
Zaburo nodded and they sat down for a final cup of coffee. They would enter Xann-Zulth when they were good and ready. Oh yeah, Seth was going to be pissed. 

“Aaaaaarghhh!” howled Argolzz.  Pain coursed up and down his body in waves of hideously searing flames. He dropped the sword and the pain subsided, and then faded slowly. The flames behind his eyes were gone and he could see for the first time since he had picked up that damned sword. It was dim and purple light, still fuzzy, but there.
“Felicitations, sir,” said a voice above him in the dim purple light. “Welcome to the Realm of Shadows.”
“Oh shit,” Argolzz muttered under his breath. This was not good.
“Oh you are in that up to your eyebrows.” The voice echoed off the unseen walls of the chamber. “You have my sword. That is not in the order of things.”
“Well how in hells did you expect me to know that?” Argolzz spat back. The condemned have the right to be pointlessly brave. “I mean, shit, why did you have to do that?  An elf-killing sword no less. That’s not very fair.”
“Well, this has really fucked things up. Only the King of the Raak can wield that sword and you may have killed him. That is just damned dandy. It takes a few generations to build up a good Chosen One.” The voice in the dark was seriously annoyed.
“Hey, listen,” said Argolzz. He drew himself up tall and took a deep breath. There is no one as brave as one that knows he is a dead man.   
“No, you listen. There is nothing else other than death for one that takes Elfmourner other than he who is destined to carry it. I’m going to have to kill you. I’m sure you understand.” The voice sounded so falsely empathetic, Argolzz could feel the sarcasm dripping from it.
“Look, I’ll just take it back. Call it even?” When bravery fails, how about begging.
“Hmmmmmmm, interesting thought,” commented the Shadow. “I like that. However, I prefer a little bit of a spin on that idea.”
Oh damn, thought Argolzz. I don’t like the sound of that.
“I have to kill you, regardless. I think though we will let you take it back. I think a vampire would be a nice touch. Ya, I think a vampire. After you leave, you will go to Gaathmargh and act my herald. You will give the Chosen One his sword when he returns. Until then, you live as a vampire, serving me and serving the Raak.” There was silence for a moment. “Okay, drain the asshole,” laughed the echoing voice in the darkness.
The last thing Argolzz saw in the shadows were the beautiful sirens with red eyes and rows of sharp teeth appearing out of the darkness. A dozen of them took him quickly, hurling him to the cold stone floor and pinning him. Argolzz died, the sound of his blood being sucked out of his body. And it hurt. 
“Bastard,” mumbled Seth. “Drop the body in the Temple at Gaathmargh, Lord Serpent. And don’t forget Elfmourner.”
“As you command, Great Lord of Shadows.”

“Any last words?” asked Zaburo, looking around at his friends as he butted his spliff and tossed the stale coffee onto the sand.
Hypher laughed. “I wish you could word that some other way?”  They all laughed.
Scather and Zaburo set themselves up on either side of the door. Scather held Nightwind in his left and a throwing dagger in his right. Zaburo held a battle-axe, now that Elfmourner was toast, and his hand crossbow in his left. Hypher stood back in the center, his battle-axe held high and ready, with Tha-Wal beside him. 
Tha-Wal held his short battle staff; a small Bo-stick for anyone else, in two tightly clenched hands. Physical combat was so demeaning, he thought as he tensed up.
Zaburo nodded. Hypher tensed up, and then stepped forward, driving his heavy foot into the door just below the handle. The door exploded inward, the hinges ripping away in a loud screech. The door hit the floor inside with a loud echoing boom.
Zaburo swung in low and left. Scather charged in low and right. They stopped five feet inside the door and looked around. It was a large, empty chamber, not much more than a domed cave. It was dry and musty, the floor unusually clean. On the opposite wall were two doors banded with strips of steel.
Scather and Zaburo scooted down the walls by feel, taking their time to check for traps and pitfalls. Hypher and Tha-Wal entered slowly, making their way slowly across the center of the room, prodding the floor in front of them with staff and axe. They never saw the shadow.
Zaburo saw it first. Before he could say anything, the shadow fell from the ceiling covering the gnome and dwarf like a living gray blanket.
Hypher was suddenly smothered in total darkness. He knew instantly he was going to be lunch for something unpleasant. He could feel the warmth of the hot breath just below his face. A sharp beak chewed at his chainmail. He could feel the ripples of muscle under the coarse skin that covered his face.
“GED ID UFF!!” shrieked Hypher. He tried to stab it with the pointed end of his axe, but the flowing muscles pinned his axe against his stomach. The beak was trying to chew him like a barbecue steak.  It was embarrassing. 
Tha-Wal struggled free, squeezing out underneath as he held the foul creature back with his staff. The creature had decided to dine on Hypher. Zaburo and Scather leaped to the attack, slashing into the huge blanket of flesh and suckers. They tore open huge rents in the flesh. The skin was like heavy wood bark.
“DOD HID ME!” yelled Hypher. He managed to push away the gnashing beak with his axe. With a bit of room to breathe, he pulled a heavy dagger out from under his arm and began to stab maniacally into the wall of flesh. He wanted to puke, and that weakness made him all the more angry and maniacal.
Zaburo and Scather continued to slash. The creature rippled away from the wounds, then rolled away, shrieking pain as the dwarf carved him up from inside. Tha-Wal jumped on the creature and stabbed in with his small daggers, one clutched in each small hand. Soon nothing remained of the creature but long strands of twitching flesh.
Hypher was pissed. Much of his chain mail, from neck to solar plexus had been shredded and chewed apart. Links of the chainmail scattered on the stone floor. Another few moments and it would have been his heart being chomped. “Some assassins you guys are,” cursed Hypher. “A creature this size and you miss it?”
Zaburo shrugged. “I would have thought a dwarf would think to look up in a cave. At least it didn’t land on us.” 
“Faughtt,” spat Hypher. It sounded like something in dwarf, but no one was sure. He picked up his axe and headed to the two doors. He looked them over for a few moments, and then pointed to the one on the right. “This one. Open the other one and you get a rock on the skull.” They quickly set again like before.
“This time I go in first,” commented Hypher. Zaburo and Scather shrugged. 
Hypher stepped into the door. This door flew open even easier than the last one. The dwarf charged through the door, quickly followed by Scather and Zaburo who fanned out as before. Tha-Wal stepped up to the door but not through it. 
Tha-Wal was taken aback. A library? Imagine, a library in this forsaken wasteland? It seemed so absurd. The room was about twenty feet high, the walls covered with bookshelves, except the south wall. The bookshelves were filled with thousands and thousands of scrolls and tomes. It made them collectively gasp. 
The south wall was decorated with banners and pendants of ancient royal houses and forgotten kings. Between the banners stood four sets of ancient armor, clutching their weapons before them. Two of them clutched axes that still shone as new as the day they were forged. It was an amazing sight. And so was the dark elf flying over the desk.
Hypher came to the ready. The young warrior vaulted over the desk. Hypher heard and saw the glistening scimitars clearing leather. The warrior was clad in a full robe of chainmail that shimmered with the colors of the rainbow. He wore it over his pearl white robes. He snatched up a winged helm from the desk and slid it over his face. He took the ready position, both scimitars crossed in front of him.
The three of them attacked! Zaburo fired his hand crossbow at the warrior’s chest. He was shocked to see the warrior simply slap the dart out of the way with his sword. He didn’t even flinch. He held his swords high, crossed above his head, and then howled an ancient battle cry.
The warrior attacked. He spun like a dancer at Hypher, slicing at the dwarf with two intertwined slashes from his gleaming blades. Hypher ducked one attack and deflected the other. By the time Hypher swung, the warrior had danced away into Scather. Hypher had never seen anyone ever move so fast.
Scather blocked both swipes with Nightwind, then dropped low for a foot sweep. The warrior laughed a deep laugh of joy and danced over the sweep. Thud! His foot lashed out and took Scather in the side of the head. Before he could finish off Scather, Zaburo attacked.
The warrior blocked Zaburo’s overhand chop with a double-cross block and tried to twist the axe out of Zaburo’s hands. Zaburo rolled with the twist and was flung off-balance. Zaburo took a foot to the ribs and the warrior danced away. 
The elf  attacked Hypher slashing Hypher in the leg, but the heavy boot turned the blow. Another attack sliced open his armor’s padding where the creature had chewed away his chainmail, across his chest without cutting through to the skin. Hypher knew he would feel those blows tomorrow. Hypher swung wildly, but the warrior laughed and lunged towards Scather.
The warrior lunged for an over the shoulder double-thrust when Scather’s eyes popped open. His eyes glittered when he let a withering blast of mind energy right into the warrior’s grinning face. “Hah!!” 
The warrior staggered back. For a moment he forgot why he was here. “What?” He stared at his swords, unsure why he had them and what to do with them.
Without hesitation, Scather hurled his heavy dagger into the stunned warrior’s throat. It was such an easy shot. It was a perfect kill. 
     Zaburo leaped over and took the warrior from behind, chopping down through the collarbone, splintering the chainmail as if it wasn’t even there. 
Hypher kicked the feet out from under the dancing warrior. The blades fell from lifeless fingers and the body clattered to the floor next to Scather. Scather reached over and pulled his dagger from the throat and wiped it off on the warrior’s robes.
“YOU BASTARDS! You killed Kendrick!”
Scather looked up, his hand still holding the knife. He grabbed Nightwind from the floor. Oh no, a thrice-damned Geondran Warrior-Wizard. Oh damn.
The Warrior-Wizard was an Aelan High Elf. There were few of them left and they were to be feared. They were in trouble. He was in white robes that had a gold-colored metal mesh build woven into the fabric. A heavy scimitar hung at his waist. He was bald, completely bald. Not even eyebrows. The pointed ears made him look daemonic.
Scather leaped to his feet, just as the High Elf pointed his ring-covered hand at him and smiled. Shit! He reached deep into his mind. He would never be able to move in time. A bolt of crackling light exploded from the elf’s hand.
Just before that moment of certain death, a shield of pure blue rippling energy appeared in front of Scather. The bolt smashed into the shield and exploded with a deafening roar. Despite the shield, Scather was blasted across the room.
Pain! Aaaaaarghhh! Shit! All of this flashed through Scather’s mind when he stopped rolling. He dropped the shield and focused a moment, then vanished from sight. For anyone watching, Scather had appeared to be vaporized.
Tha-Wal was the first to react to the horrifying attack. A mumbled phrase and he let loose with a bolt of his own. The bolt hit the elf in the chest and vanished. Zaburo and Hypher, still shocked at the death of Scather Bloodhand, charged the elf. At least one of them would have to get through all that firepower.
A huge green-glowing flyswatter appeared above them and smashed them like bugs almost flattening them to the floor. Tha-Wal replied with a flash of blue haze that dissolved the fly swatter instantly before it could smack them again.
Hypher leaped to his feet. A huge fist the size of his head whacked him right between the eyes. He was thrown back and blacked out instantly, long before he thudded to the carpet.
Tha-Wal muttered again. A red-mailed fist streaked across the room and smashed into the wizard, shattering his force shield in a flash of green pseudo-glass. Shards of the force shield buried into the walls and ceiling, then vanished.
Scather leaped to his feet. He scooted softly and quietly across the carpet. That bastard tried to kill me, he cursed silently. He clutched Nightwind tightly with both hands high over his head.
Zaburo made it through, in time to deflect a wild swing of the elf’s scimitar. He staggered left, and then plunged right, sweeping for the knees. The elf jumped over the axe and danced back after the axe swept by him.  Zaburo swept his right hand away from the axe, letting loose an envenomed dart from his sleeve sheath. It bounced off the elf’s chest with a flash of blue light.
It was the strangest thing. The elf’s head leaped from its shoulders, rising on a geyser of blood from his neck stump. Zaburo caught sight of the sweeping black blade as Scather shimmered back into sight.
“Prick!!” cursed Scather. He spat on the body as it slumped to the floor, blood still pumping from the headless torso. The head rolled away under the desk.
“He’s not actually a bad sort.”
Zaburo and Scather spun low grabbing for boot stilettos. As they cocked back their arms in the sound of the voice. 
“Stop!” yelled Tha-Wal.
They looked to the gnome, then back at the source of the comment. Standing at a previously unnoticed door in the bookshelf stood a rather old lady gnome.  She had on a pearl white robe with a green circle embroidered on the chest. Her long gray hair was gathered in a single long braid that hung out over her right shoulder; her hands were out and open, facing them.
Tha-Wal came forward and bowed slightly, keeping his eyes on her at all times. He straightened up and cleared his throat. “You would be Xann-Zulth. The Grove sends its greetings.”
She looked around the room and at the bodies. “Odd greeting, though,” she sighed. “They were two of the greatest. They were unbeaten in centuries. Even Mhel-Khur left us alone.”
“That would explain a few things,” said Zaburo while he brushed himself off. “Bettina was a little scant on details.”
“You have come for the tomes, then,” she said to Tha-Wal. He nodded. “You shall have them then. I have no intention of dying for a couple of moldy old books.”
Scather checked out Hypher. He was starting to come around. His eyes still seemed a little independent of each other, but he wasn’t sure if that was normal for a dwarf or not. Hypher tried to stand, but almost blacked out. It felt as if his brain was sloshing around inside his skull. Scather helped him steady up and handed him a skin of wine.
“It would seem I have been remiss in my duties,” she commented. “I have refreshments waiting, if you would be so kind as to join me.”
They looked at each other, and somehow realized that they seemed to trust her. It was very strange, but somehow reasonable. Zaburo took the lead behind her and bent down to get through the gnome door in the bookshelf. Tha-Wal, then Scather and Hypher followed him.
Zaburo straightened up and took a deep breath. He exhaled slowly through pursed lips and felt his legs getting a little weak. The sky was gray, but well lit. The air smelled like freshly mowed grass. 
Floating by him in the sky above was an island. There was an island floating in the damned sky. It looked like a clump of dirt pulled from the ground and hurled into the air, hurled into slow motion, scudding through the sky like brown clouds. The sky was full of them.
Zaburo looked around him and frowned. He was alone with the lady gnome. So was Scather. So was Hypher. So was Tha-Wal. Each of them was alone with her. That was worrisome. He hoped he was not going to be incinerated by this seemingly pleasant little lady. He followed her across the lawn.
“Well, Zabo,” he muttered to himself. “You’re not in Kuranas anymore.”

 




CHAPTER NINE

Let us begin by committing ourselves to the truth—to see it like it is, and tell it like it is—to find the truth, to speak the truth, and to live the truth.
Richard M. Nixon

The island was a small oasis. It floated in the sky, in a sea of light glowing mist, drifting like the others he could see in the distance. They were silently drifting, some with little tufts of greenery, some barren, some with thin streams of water drifting off the edges. It was if a formed world had simply dissolved into its component environments, or had been pulled apart and the clods of earth tossed into the air, now taking part in a cosmic dance around some unseen center. It was almost incomprehensible.
Zaburo looked for a pattern in all the movement, but soon realized it was on a scale that he would have to take a lifetime to map. He then noticed the sounds, the white noise of a slight wind, the drifting whispers of the birds from wherever they were, even those who soared and drifted on the thermals between the islands. The sounds were like those you heard outside of your tent on a quiet summer evening.
He looked above him and took closer notice of the islands floating around him. He marveled at the intricate dance between the floating clumps of territory. He found himself wondering how they got around. It must be interesting. There was no sun, just light sky, a diffused soft glow. How could such a world be? 
He watched a cloud of mist swallow up a small island for a few moments then spit it out, moist and glittering. Bizarre, he thought. So that’s how it rains around here. That would explain the green grass, the small bushes of strawberries, if any explanation were even possible. 
Zaburo looked around for the lady gnome. Next to a small bubbling pool stood an old willow tree, its long branches forming a comfortable canopy. Underneath it was a small campfire and a small table covered with plates of savory food and decanters of dark green crystal. Right in the center of the table was a big coffee urn of burnished copper. The gnome was pouring out two mugs of coffee It smelled wonderful. 
Zaburo was amazed at how well the lawn was kept, right up to the edge of the island. It was well manicured, clipped well even around the trees and the small bushes under the willow. Fascinating.
“I have a guy come over every two weeks,” she said, gesturing for him to join her. “He takes care of the lawn and the strawberries.”
Zaburo was interested but not impatient. A good assassin learned patience or earned early retirement. He walked over to the fire and accepted the huge ceramic mug of coffee. It smelled even better up close. “He does good work.”
“I have some cream that would go good with a few strawberries.” She handed him a bowl. “Be a dear and pick a few for us. Then we can talk.” 
He took a big swig of the coffee and set down the mug. “No problem.” He took the bowl and went the four steps to the patch and quickly filled the bowl with huge strawberries, the sort only seen in cultivated farms and eaten by the rich. He took a moment to taste one for himself and sighed at the wondrous flavor. He came back and handed her the bowl.
“Sit,” she invited him to sit at the low table.
He pulled up a few cushions and made himself comfortable. It wasn’t the most comfortable arrangement, eating with gnomes. You sat on the ground or hovered over the table like a vulture. He watched her quietly slice the strawberries in thin pieces and mixed in the cream and curds.
She passed him a bowl filled with strawberries and smiled. “Let me tell you about a journey. It is about a man whose stride wrought chaos and death, for nothing more than the sweet taste of strawberries.” 
He stopped for a moment and looked at the strawberries, then shrugged. Good grief, he groaned inwardly. I’m trapped in some other dimension with a wacky gnome suffering from hallucinations and delusions of grandeur. She has probably smoked more mauve that Tha-Wal, although that might be hard to believe.
“No, my friend, I am not insane,” she said with a light laugh. She sipped her coffee, then snapped up a finger-flame and lit up her small silver pipe stuffed with pipeweed and mauve. “All your life you have doubted. You’ve served others you never wanted to serve and never trusted. Others have profited in money and power from your work. And now you become the Chosen. How can one who doubts be the Chosen? Ah, the gods have always had problems with their heroes, you know. There is a risk if they are too intelligent. The stupider, the better they serve.” She took a mouthful of berries and chomped loudly for a moment then swallowed. “How much autonomy does Seth give his slave?” 
Zaburo snorted. “I am no slave!”
Xann-Zulth smiled. “Of course you are not a slave, Zaburo. Forgive the presumption. I would not mean to insult the Chosen One of Seth. Who chose who?” She took another puff.
Zaburo laughed and took a mouthful of the delicious coffee. A sarcastic one, he thought. Wonderful gnomish trait, he smirked. However, it did put words to his thoughts on this matter. So much for being the hero, he mused. 
She exhaled a thin stream of smoke. “It is all a matter of perspective, I suppose. Does perspective change reality or does it matter? What value perspective? Is it reality?
Let me tell you of four worlds. Got you confused yet?” Xann-Zulth put her hands together and blew inside of them. When she opened her hands, a huge bubble, like the bubbles blown by children, floated into the air and hovered between them. “What you need is a three-dimensional way of looking at reality. 
The air inside swirled and then cleared. He saw himself heading for a few strawberries as he had done only minutes ago. He stopped, munched and berry and walked out of the field of vision of the bubble.
The image replayed back to the beginning and began to creep forward. Perspective warped…
Bubbles …
“There can be no doubt?”
“None, my lord. For three sleeps the Sages have seen the coming Diaspora. There is no doubt.”
He looked out over the city, a bit saddened by it all. This was the fate of the Keeper, a grim but worthy destiny. His generation had come far this cycle, farther than most cycles in the past. They had refined genetic controls, improved the harvest, and armed themselves to the teeth. They had eliminated all the predators so long ago.
He caressed the globe and sighed. The repository of the generations lived within - the genetically coded memories of a thousand generations of Keepers. He turned to his acolytes. “Soon it will be time. You know what it is that must be done.”
Twenty-five white-robed acolytes bowed as one and waited. He gently wrapped his cilia around the globe and let himself slip into a state of relaxation and surrender. His thoughts slipped into the light. The globe glowed a light yellow for a moment, then the Keeper slumped to the floor, dead and withered to a mere shell.
The first acolyte reached out and scooped a small portion of the floating gelatinous globe and popped it into his mouth. He then walked out of the room, ignoring the remains of the Keeper. One by one, the remaining acolytes stepped up to the globe and did the same until the entire globe had been eaten. Within the minds and bodies of the acolytes were the thoughts, knowledge, dreams, and aspirations of their race for untold thousands of generations. Where there had been one Keeper before, now there were twenty-five.
Soon they were gone, fanned out throughout the city. They had no time to mourn the passing of the Keeper of the Cycles for he still lived within them. Only the dry forgotten husk remained, now alone and forgotten. Those who saw the Keepers in their pearl-white robes knew what it meant. It was the Coming of the Diaspora. They joined the Keepers they met and joined cilia to join with him as they fled the city.
They left their work, their homes; leaving anything they had been carrying when they heard the call. The sky grew dark, slowly covering the world in shadows and darkness. They felt the currents grow stronger, throwing some into the sides of buildings and walls. They stared at the sky and howled, trying to ward off the dark with their gentle cilia. Some rose up from the buildings into the growing darkness….
The sky exploded down onto them. Thousands upon thousands died horribly, squished into the muck. Only twelve of the Keepers escaped, some of them with sizable numbers of followers. Flung mindlessly from where they once were, they tumbled insanely through the maelstrom until finally they came to a gentle pool, the water still filled with silt but clearing quickly. They looked to the Keeper for wisdom.
The Keeper formed a globe out of his essence and held it all up for all to see. He looked down at the faces before him and smiled. From the sand he formed a receptacle and set the globe inside of it. The Cycle had come again, as it had done so long ago.

The face of the globe shimmered. Scather blinked. Hypher gasped. Tha-Wal smiled. Zaburo nodded. 
 
Sand…
They swarmed up the hill, enraged at the scent of the enemy. Mandibles clicked impatiently, then in orgasmic expectation. They gray ones swarmed out of their hole, fearlessly fighting to kill the invaders. Death concerned them not a bit. This is what they had been born to do.
The reds outnumbered the grays. It was sheer numbers that made their victory inevitable. Heads and limbs were snapped or bitten off in the vicious attack until the invaders had to crawl over the twitching bodies of the dead. Still they pulled away the dead and pushed through the entrance. They swarmed into the warrens below, hunting down their enemies by scent and heat.
Soon the last of the gray warriors were gone. The useless drones were slaughtered next, pointless creatures. No one remained to protect the Queen. The reds hesitated for a moment, savoring their victory. Open before them was the chamber of the enemy Queen. The scent overpowered them, triggering their rage and pleasure.
They attacked the helpless and bloated queen, ripping her to shreds, with howls of glee. It was the closest thing to sex, for those who had no sex. They destroyed the clutch of eggs with enthusiasm and when their work was done, they poured out of the hole.
They stood overlooking their fellows. Pheromones of victory swept out over them. Soon the workers would bring the eggs of the Great Red Mother to this place. Then a new pheromone wafted out onto the winds. Why?
Consternation rippled through the warriors. This was not right. What was this why? It confused them. And then the sky turned black. The winds rose. The sky fell! They were crushed flat and so were their accomplishments. The ants had asked why. On the verge of greatness, they were gone.

The face of the globe shimmered again… 

She had been motionless for a long time. Why not? It was not as if she had anywhere to go. Once in a while she had to endure a male, but that was fast and not always that unpleasant. It was quick, and it went away when done. Beetles were no sexual dynamos. The wind tickled her carapace, made her blink her eyes.
It was difficult for her; the awakening of her mind had been fast. So many ideas had begun to swirl throughout her mind. Why? The why of everything she had to know. She had to know the answer for all the questions she could conceive of asking. Why was she alone of all her sisters in this understanding of life? She was confused and needed time to think. She crawled into the shade of fern and rested down on her legs, her shell covering her completely.
She had fled to this place to meditate on her predicament. She knew she needed time to sort things out.
The wind rose and shrieked. Her eyes opened and glanced around. The sky grew dark. She stared up at the sky and saw the dark shadow descending on her. She somehow knew she was in trouble. She was in serious trouble…  

The face of the globe shimmered …     

The air stank of damp death and decay. The light of the sky was dim under the canopy of grass and weeds. The green snake slid silently under the grass on the cool soil, occasionally snatching up a careless gnat, a sluggish fly, or an unsuspecting mouse. He especially likes the flies.
He spat out a bitter gnat. “That tastes bad,” he thought with a flash of insight. “Why did I think that?” he asked himself, startled at his sudden awareness of himself. If it was bad, instinct would say spit it out? It should be reflex, not thought. To see and speak his thoughts, it was almost too overwhelming. 
He looked down at the gnat and wondered what made it taste so bad.  He reached down and slowly crunched around the body, tasting it gently. He found the foul taste. It was the eyes. Just do not eat the eyes next time
He looked around himself and noticed where he was for the first time. It was a world filled with fearsome predators and hunters, striving to survive among a large population of readily available prey. To eat or be eaten, that was all there was. It was a simple cycle of existence; one only survives until his next battle. Existence was simply survival. He feared for the first time. He could feel it. To think was to feel fear, to hesitate, to die.
 There was no one to talk to. He forced himself to suppress the panic, but it was hard. He coiled up and forced himself to conserve his energy. He reasoned that his new awareness could be trained to be an even more efficient hunter. He could become a better predator because he would not allow himself to become a victim. The thrill of knowing made him almost arrogant. He understood fear and believed he could use it.
Then the sky grew black. He looked up to see the dark shadow descending on him. It triggered something deep in his mind, a memory hidden within the instinctive psyche of the serpent. The memory never came. He was too slow. The boot came first. The pain was intense for a short time, but it was intense. Thus died the sentient serpent under a hard leather heel that passed as quickly as it came.

The globe shimmered and popped silently out of existence. Zaburo looked back at the strawberry bushes and raised his eyebrows. Four simple steps, untold disasters never seen, change that is a part of reality. Each place where his foot touched, a universe of chaos came into being.
Xann poured him a coffee and lit a couple of spliffs with the table candle. She looked at him and noticed there was something. “Do we weep for those we do not even know exist? Even when we know of them, does it mean we stand frozen for fear of the destruction our mere passing may bring? Despair, for your existence creates change and causes destruction, but it generates change and rebirth. The mere passing by to pick a hand of strawberries was catastrophic, but only to them. We didn’t know of them. Are we responsible? Is their existence even relevant beyond simple curiosity?” She handed him a spliff and smiled.
Zaburo raised his eyebrows. He had smoked this type of mauve once before. It was at the Barrier, that special mauve of Tha-Wal’s. Zaburo set down the coffee and leaned against the mossy willow, feeling a bit woozy. It was a full body stone. His forehead was numb. Xann eased him back on the cushion and smiled.  He heard her voice through the mist. “And what of us?”

He rose into the sky like a leaf drifting in the autumn wind. A long silver thread from his chest led back into the clouds below.  It took a few moments to gain control of his drifting form, to stop the slow spin and stay hovering in the mist. Everything seemed to come instinctively, as if latent in the deep reaches of his mind. 
After he organized the mechanics of motion, he started to look around. He drifted above the mist cloud of Xann’s Zulth and sighed deeply at the sight of the stars. A huge sphere of mist curved away from him. As he soared high, the cord became thin and almost invisible. He could see through the mist at the floating islands spinning within the globular envelope of air. He studied the sky around him and looked for the moon. He knew there had to be one. What was a world without a moon? There it was …
Zaburo willed himself up towards the moon and soared up over the curve of the world, seeing a strange and quick sunrise in the space between worlds. The sun looked much like his own, or maybe it was his own. Who is to know?
He could almost hear the sun crackling and snapping, spewing out fiery tongues into space. He could feel the wafting waves of particles washing over him like a warm summer’s rain.
He hovered a distance from the moon and slowly looked it over. Gray and lifeless, devoid of an envelope of air, covered in hundreds of impact craters and high sharp mountains. Mountains were raised by the splintering and buckling of the old and brittle crust under the onslaught from the darkness of space.
Zaburo coasted down and strode across the surface. He noticed no footprints in the dusty soil as he walked. He was pure mind here, the rest of him stoned and sleeping under a tree on a floating island. Craters and dust; anything else had been obliterated aeons ago. A dead world, a perfect gem to fly the night sky of a world that doesn’t know or care that it is there.
He rose from the surface, soaring up over the sun, above the plane of the ecliptic and stared down at the vision below him. He visualized the lines and forces around the star below him for he knew there was an order there, maybe something he could not understand, but knew it was real nonetheless. It simply had to be. He could see it. 
He searched the space around the sun, looking for its children. There was the first, a reddish glow spinning near the flames. The surface was clean of air, the blasts from the sun ripping the air from the rock just to make sure. Burning on one side, frigid on the other, it was covered with monstrous mountains of jagged rock and the enormous rips in the face of it caused by shifts in orbit as it absorbed impacts from the outer system. He looked down at a crater and was impressed. It must have been the size of the damned moon. Soon even that would melt away into the faceless melting stones when the face slowly turned its face to the sun. Blasted clean of life; had there ever been life here? He doubted it.
He scanned the skies until he found the next one. It was covered it a shroud of yellow-white clouds, slowly spinning backwards, its sea of clouds slowly turning and twisting in layers and layers of gasses and volcanic debris. It reflected light with an exotic beauty that made it the shine like another, but smaller moon. Nothing could live under all that smoke and cloud, he thought. 
It took a few moments to find the others that spun out from the sun. He found a green-blue sphere covered with a few thin wisps of clouds. The world turned slowly, the lands and seas of the world a beautiful sight. What if it was his world? The poles glowed white, the ice reflecting the light back into the heavens, a touch of diamonds in a pile of coal. A small dead moon spun about the green-blue world, like the one above Zulth.
Beyond Zulth, two giant worlds burned with reflected light and the light of their cold beauty. Thousands of times larger than the other world, they were fascinating. They were more alike than any other two places in this system. 
They were both balls of giant gasses, so cold that ammonia and methane took solid form in swirling gusts of chemical snow that scoured the air at hundreds of miles an hour. They were worlds where ice was stronger than iron. The first gas giant was banded with swirling colors and a dozen little moons that danced and weaved a complicated dance, trying to avoid crushing each other or falling into the face of the storming methane skies below.
The second gas giant had a surreal beauty that set it apart. Around its mid-latitudes a vast circular ring of shattered cosmic debris spun around making a series of rings of ice, and stones, giving it the appearance of a top slowly wobbling on its side.
He watched the interplay of the worlds. He tracked their orbits and studied the pattern. There was nothing mystical or arcane in this place, merely truth and orderly reality. But there was a beauty here that amazed him.
Zaburo soared higher into the warm whispers of space. Soon only his star remained visible. It was part of another pattern. The weaker fell under the influence of the stronger and fell into its place in the cosmic dance. Collectively, they fell into a stronger force beyond them and whirled around that center of power. Worlds were too small to be seen now. It was as if the suns had become worlds.
Handfuls of stars clustered together danced together, slipping off, careening randomly through the heavens. There were clusters of stars that seemed to be nothing more than gas or clouds of mist at the ends of our vision. There were little flashes of light and beauty; flash and dance, suns and worlds? No, it was merely lights and dust. It was all lights and dust.
He soared higher, seeking the center of all that he could see. Seas of stars, whirling clouds of light and sparkle, no matter which direction traveled or observed it never ended. An endless sea of stars in every direction, he steered himself by thought alone, looking for it.
He coasted by a patch of brown stars and stopped for a look. Thousand of worlds and stars, shattered ruins, stars sucked dry until naught remained, sunken in on themselves beyond the white dwarf and the black holes. Drifting among the wreckage, were the silent hulks of ships of a race long since dead.
He wondered how such a civilization could die. He wandered a while on the ruined home world and sighed. So dark and dreary, the lights of the distant stars were barely enough to let him see anything. He strained to study the monuments on shattered remains of worlds and their legacy. Often the dust had to be swept away
They had been invaded by a galactic contagion, and chose to die to prevent this malevolent sentience from spreading. They perished as a race, only to be forgotten because they had passed before they were known, perished before the suns of their worlds burnt into cinders. But they perished knowing they were right. Never accept the collar of the slave. They would never surrender.
He saw the evidence of their nobility, their devotion to science and reason. And he sensed their strong love of freedom. They struggled to fight a galactic parasite, warring to prevent being the host to a vile hatred of life and all that lived. So they died.
How long ago had that been? How many untold millions of millennia had passed and how many more would pass before these monuments to their life would be rubble, silently spinning through the void of forever, going who knows where?
He rose away from those worlds and soared off into another direction. It didn’t seem to matter the direction he headed off into. He spun though another cluster of stars, seeking the fantastic. Then he saw the web.   
There were more than ten thousand lit worlds with a web of glowing tendrils touching the stars and linking them together in a wondrous tapestry. Maybe somewhere in that tapestry was home. It was an insignificant little mote of cosmic lint that would be home.
He stared out beyond himself in all direction. Still stars, off into distances so vast that whole galaxies would be born and pass away before many others would ever see the light of their birth. They were so far away, in the same time, never to meet over the eternity of existence. Joined in time, but divided by the reality of distance. He looked for his cord and sighted it for a brief moment. 
He soared through the heavens, his speed limited by his thoughts alone. Clusters of stars becoming smudges, tiny specks, lost in the immensity of the universe itself. More stars whirling around each other. Galaxies, clusters of galaxies, so far away, new stars, pinwheels of thousands of stars, he could see them all. And still there were more of them. As far as he could see or think there were stars. Where was his?
He felt an intense despair, a sense of total loss. All of this, forever, endless, timeless was existence itself. He laughed. A sudden thought struck him. He had always wanted to be the center of things. In eternity, the one is always the center of existence.
So there he was, soaring through the unending stars. He skidded to a stop in the center of an exploding nebula of light. Like a series of explosions, one after another, stars blasting apart.In the coming ages, the ripples and energy of the supernovae would trigger others in a display of stellar fireworks. He found himself wondering, wondering if those stars had worlds. Maybe there were worlds where fools fought for scraps of food and transient glory, beating each other with swords and sticks. Those worlds would perish, their inhabitants gone in the blink of a cosmic eye. It would never matter whether they had ever been.
He stretched wide his arms and basked in the cosmic rays washing over his body. He could feel the stars. He could hear their cries of joy. Stretching off into forever, into the dark places filled with the scraps of what once lived, galaxies of the black dead, unbelievable aeon’s old, exhausted, null energy. And even there, motion, swinging the carcasses around until they scatter their ashes and are gone among the still-burning galaxies, existence itself.
He hung there among the exploding stars, laughing at the raging beauty, reveling in his insignificance. He was insignificant in the totality of reality and existence, if there could be such a thing. He was still the center of his reality, his existence. And then he knew the truth. Seth and Osiris were creatures of the universe as much as he was. They were not Gods, but frauds, insignificant frauds.
Zaburo looked around and knew the gods were not above all of this, merely a part of all that was. They were no more gods than he had been when he went for the strawberries. The only difference between him and the gods was that he did not stay to torment the ants.
He found himself looking at the gods with a very different perspective. Instead of inspiring awe, he saw them as spiteful juveniles that spent their time pulling the legs off flies. And in that moment he felt hatred. It was deep and burning, but he forced himself to coldly suppress the feeling. The rage in his heart grew cold.
He looked around the heavens at the galaxy-spanning empires and the rubble of worlds that had never had a chance, and all those in between. He realized how pointless and irrelevant the cosmic war between the Light and the Shadow. They had made them slaves and fools, ants to be twisted and manipulated with drops of honey and stale crumbs.
He looked upon the greatest civilizations in existence and saw his people one day walking free, harnessing the energy of the stars and traveling the stars at the speed of thought. And he knew he was the Chosen of Seth no longer. He would not vanish like the ants or the beetle. 
He looked around and wondered where home was. It could be anywhere in the infinity that was existence. Despite all of this reality, there was only one place he would ever call home. He could walk a thousand, ten thousand worlds and that would still be the ultimate truth. 
He wanted to go home. He thought of home and began to speed off through the stars. He let himself fly and watched the stars turn to streaks. He wrapped his arms around his face and let his self return home. He knew that was where he was going. Then the stars appeared in full glory. He floated above the misty world of Zulth, adrift on the solar winds.
Zaburo took a last look around, and then sank down into the misty world, curving gently through the sea of floating islands. He could feel the pull of his body now and just let the sensation take him along into the mist. He longed to take his first breath in ages.
Zaburo could see his father’s eyes in the mist. “Anyone can be hit. There is a weakness in any suit of armor. It is the nature of reality. Find that weakness, exploit it and the hit will be done.” He took a deep breath and opened his eyes.

Xann handed him a coffee and then sat back on her chair and stared at him. He could see the look in her eyes. She wanted to know. No, she knew. She had walked this journey herself once. She wanted to know what had happened to him. She was too polite to ask so she waited. 
Zaburo imagined some would go insane from such an experience. Still, he felt no pity for those too weak to understand reality. Existence is. Why is that such a mental trauma?  He felt utter hatred for those who used him as a pawn and toy for their own amusement. He felt no uncertainty. He knew now why he hated Seth with every thought. If he could not be free of Seth, he would simply have to kill Seth. He would not be a slave.
She stared at his face and found herself somewhat unnerved. There was nothing in his eyes. There was no fear, no sense of the messianic, no madness but only a calm certainty. There was no stone cold look of rage. She had seen that look before. They were dead now. He looked almost annoyed and amused. That was a first. When she looked at Zaburo, she saw pure assassin. She thought she saw something for a moment, but then it was gone. All that remained was Zaburo sipping a coffee, seemingly unaffected by his experience.
His hand held the coffee steady and he had no problem lighting a spliff. He lit it from a stick from the fire and leaned back to enjoy his hot nirvana. After a few puffs, Zaburo sat up and set down his coffee. “I have things to do, and places to go.”
“Enjoy your coffee, finish your spliff. There is time enough for all of that.” She smiled.
He stood up. “No, I think not. Time may be infinite, but my life and patience are not. Besides, I left the rest of my spliffs in my pack and I’ve only two left.”
“Beware your rage,” she said softly as he walked back to the gate. “It will get you killed.”
He stopped and turned. “I am an assassin. My rage is just another weapon and an old friend. Thank you for the strawberries and coffee, Mistress Xann.” He smiled as he bowed. He then turned and walked across the lawn with certainty stepped into the library.



 




CHAPTER TEN

I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
G. K. Chesterton (1874–1936)

The old wizard knelt down before the Sun Throne. He was wet with sweat and his ancient face was strained with exhaustion. His white silken robes were soaked with a sickly sweet sweat. He took a deep breath and came to his feet. “My Lord Lightbearer, it has been done.”
Lightbearer II rose from his throne, gathered up his ermine cloak, and came down from the throne’s dais. He rested his hand on the old wizard’s shoulder. They had been friends for many years, now coming to the end of their days. Their hair was white, their faces lined. “It will be a fitting legacy, my friend,” Lightbearer whispered. “It went well?”
“Aye. The magicks were powerful, my king. The ancient gnomish wizards were very powerful. It will take fifty years for the Barrier to fully fade away.” He took the king’s arm and looked him in the face. He whispered. “I truly hope you know what you have done, Sire. The world will begin to notice soon. You have set the world on the path to war.” 
Lightbearer II looked around the room at his assembled lords and priests. He acknowledged the kings of Aelus and Thwarbak with a brief nod. He nodded at the wizard and then cleared his throat. “The Legions of Seth grow strong. Darvuun grows and secretly trades with the Raak. There will come a time when we may have to deal with the heretics, but first we must deal with the Raak.” 
Lightbearer walked out to the center of the room and looked around at the assembled nobles and generals. “It is said that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. We know the gnomes are allying themselves to Darvuun and Seth. That is why we have agreed to destroy the Prismatic Barrier that entombs the Draakka. We have asked for nothing, we expect nothing. We know it will mean war. I fear their leader Mhel-Khur the Immortal is insane. When he comes out from Elfbjorn looking for the gnomes and their friends, there will be no one to save the Raak, and the Raak shall perish by our hand.”
He could hear the muttering and whispering around him. Lightbearer II waited for a few minutes and signaled for a glass of wine. After he took a sip he continued. “We have fifty years to build and arm the Osiran Alliance. We know what must come. The Darvuunians will come to us, return to the fold of loving Osiris. They are our brothers, fellow Humans fallen in error. They must see the error of their ways. The Draakka shall be the instrument of their enlightenment. We will always welcome their return when the Usurper Braz-nur Dynasty fades into memory. That is inevitable.” He took a drink. When the Raak have passed into extinction, we will deal with the Draakka. That will be the task for my grandson.” He walked over to King Silverthorne of Aelus. “One day you will fight at my heir’s side. Fight well.”
Silverthorne grasped his hand. “We will fight well. With the Vilehand gone now, it will be done. Seth will fail. He has run out of champions.”
“The dwarfs of Thwarbak also promise to be there,” said King Stonebolt. “It will be glorious.”
King Lightbearer looked at them both and smiled. “There is nothing glorious in death but to know the Light will come, makes the tribulation and even our deaths to come a worthy sacrifice. To know that generations to come will not fear the Shadow of Seth means that this last war must come. The Legions of Shadow are rising again. We must turn our face to the truth and sharpen our swords. When the Barrier falls it will be war. This must be the Last War.” He looked around the room and bowed his head. “I am sorry it must be so.”
The nobles bowed their heads in silent prayer as they contemplated the legacy they had bequeathed upon their children. To know they had given the future a new war saddened them. It gave them much to feel sad about but they knew it was necessary. They would do, as they must. It was the will of Osiris and that was all that mattered. 
Silverthorne looked at Stonebolt and smiled. Although they were not the greatest friends, Elf and Dwarf were more alike than like the Humans. Both had fought the Raak in a fragile alliance of convenience for five thousand years before the arrival of the Humans. Still, they were not truly friends. They were too different. 
They did not see this war against the Raak the same way Humans did. The Humans did not feel the ancient hatred as they did. The memories of the ancients who had fought the Raak lived on in their songs and magicks, woven into the fabric of their races, defining who they were long before Humans arrived. They felt little empathy for the traitorous Humans in Darvuun. Let those fools deal with an insane Draakkan King. Let the people cover all of this with a blanket of pious purpose, it did not matter. In the end, they would litter the battlefield with the Raak race and tear down Gaathmargh so that no two stones were piled together.
It suited Silverthorne and Stonebolt just fine. They would be there when they won the final victory over the Shadow of Seth. Fifty years was a reasonable time to wait for races that lived centuries. Fifty years was a long time to build an army that would storm the walls of Gaathmargh. Fifty years was a long time to train. They would create an invincible army armored in plate and chain, wielding iron weapons. They would sweep away the Raak. The Raak would become myth and nothing more. They would tear down Raak monuments and cities and erase them out of existence. 
Silverthorne raised his face to the Sun Throne and smiled. “Praise to Osiris.”
“Praises to Osiris,” said Stonebolt softly.  

Zaburo stared thoughtfully at the ancient Raak armor hanging on the wall. The leather was supple and soft, with the silver studs and buckles still remained. It was an interesting historical curio, the insignia of the Vilehand brightly painted on the chest plate. A thick cloak was folded underneath. It was a nice warm cloak filled with little pockets and pouches. It had a beautifully embroidered Vilehand Crest on the back. It fitted nicely with an ankh clasp at the throat. 
What really interested him was the green-tinted battle-axe that hung beside the Vilehand armor. It was an impressive battle-axe, with long curved double-head blades and a wicked four-point spike on the top. The haft was covered in a silvery-mesh grip, ending with a wrist loop of woven metal strands. He plucked it from the wall and grunted softly with satisfaction. It was light and beautifully balanced. He twirled it with one hand as if it were a hatchet. He whipped it down and sliced a huge bite from the desk without it slowing down or leaving a splinter.
Wonderful, he mused silently. “Demonax Vilehand,” he said with a laugh. “I am Demonax Vilehand.” He took the axe harness from the wall and snapped it on.  He hooked his new axe over his shoulder.
Demonax Vilehand lit a fire in the fireplace and hummed to himself as he set up a pot of coffee. Soon the air was filled with the sacred and holy aroma of fine coffee. He had just set out the cups when Scather Bloodhand stepped through the door and looked around. He blinked a few times and then smelled the coffee. Hypher stepped through the doorway muttering. He accepted a cup of coffee from Zaburo and plopped down on the floor. He looked seriously annoyed.
Finally the gnome stepped through the door. He had a couple of tomes stuck under one arm. He blinked for a moment then put the books down on the desk. He whipped out a spliff and sparked it with a finger flame. He took a coffee from Zaburo. “That was just fucken great,” he grumbled.
“It was an interesting trip, you must admit.” Zaburo lit a spliff and sat down on the top of the desk. “We do have the Books. Bettina and Seth will be pleased”
They finished their coffees and spliffs, and then dressed in their furs. They remembered the cold. It was hard to get psyched up for a two or three day trip in nut-freezing cold. They looked around at each other, took a deep breath and flung open the door. 
“Oops,” said Tha-Wal. He was looking at the small oasis lush with grass and green shrubs. Dark green trees climbed up the side of the ravine. There was a small forest closing the passage out to the ravine beyond. The air was still chilly and there seemed to be a few scattered patches of snow. But it was the air. The air had the feel of spring about it. There was that taste that touches in the deep reaches of the psyche that says spring is here. 
 They stepped out through the door and shucked their parkas and packs. They slowly checked out the pond where they tasted the cold fresh water. Demonax Vilehand plucked a handful of blueberries and held them out for the others to see. They were amazed. 
“Grow much more and they would be blue apples,” said Zaburo. He tasted a couple and nodded in satisfaction. “Where are we, anyway?”
Hypher knelt down at the side of the pond and ran his hands gently over the rocks and stones. He was frowning as he studied the area with the eyes that only the dwarfs have for stone. He raised his eyebrows and then checked the area again. “More accurate a question would be when we are? It would seem it has been quite some time since we were here last.” 
Scather took out his pipe, dropped in a chunk of mauve, and lit it with his firestone ring. “How long?” he asked after he took a deep haul from his pipe.
Hypher looked at them and shook his head. “I would say from the moss on the trees and rocks, the tree growth, fifty years at least.”
“Impossible!” muttered Scather.
Tha-Wal looked up from the moss and shook his head. “No, he’s right Scather. This is natural growth, not magical. It would seem that we have been away for some time.” 
Zaburo shook his head. “Just great. At least fifty years. Seth is going to be really pissed. First I lose his sword, and then lose fifty years. A real fuck-up is the Chosen of Seth.”  He adjusted his backpack and started down the ravine. No sense in keeping destiny waiting. The others quickly joined him on the path and walked away from Xann-Zulth.
They walked down the ravine back out of the mountains that had been the site of the Draakkan ambush. By the time they wound out of the steep ravine there was no doubt the long winter in these mountains had ended. It made them all feel vaguely uneasy. 
When they rounded the corner at the end of the ravine, they found themselves staring out a long plain waving with long green grass. Off in the distance they could barely make out the tree line. Eagles soared in distant circles under the clear blue sky, occasionally plunging down into the grass, and then soaring aloft with squirming prey in fearsome talons. 
“The Barrier! The Barrier is down. How in the fuck did that happen?” Tha-Wal found himself too shocked even to light a spliff. He could not even snap his fingers. “We’re doomed.”
“Well that would explain the fine weather,” commented Demonax dryly. “It beats freezing my ass off.”
“It is more than that,” continued Tha-Wal. “It means that the Draakka are loose.”
“What does that mean to us?” asked Rato-Malcasta. “Why should we care?”
“They hate us. The reasons are lost in the most ancient of histories but that still changes nothing, they still hate us. If they are loose, the crap will hit the fan.” Tha-Wal lit a spliff at last and took a long pull. “Our oldest childhood legends talk of horrors should the Barrier fall. How long have they been loose?”
“All the more reason for us to get to Gaathmargh,” said Scather.
They headed out across the sea of waving grass. It was a wonderfully lush land now, crisscrossed with little streams alive with fish and frogs. Mortal feet had never touched this land. They took their time, enjoying the walk. 
Tha-Wal stopped beside Demonax next to a small stream. He handed Demonax a spliff and snapped up a finger-flame for him. “We should rest here. Coffee, I could use a coffee. It occurs to me that this whole sword thing is just part of the heroic act stuff.”
“You think so? How is my fucking up supposed to be heroic?”
“You are the Chosen, right? Then there has to be some deed heroic to make you heroic.”
“You’re saying Seth engineered this? I have been paranoid for nothing? It’s just his way of having laughs and seeing if I’m up to it?” Demonax took a puff.
“We are being used but what can we do about it? What good is the truth if it is going to get you killed? Seth can be a pretty convincing sort of guy.” 
“We could kill Osiris,” Hypher looked over the gnome’s head at Demonax. He slurped his coffee for a moment, and then looked out over the brim. All of their eyes were on him. “Well, we could try.” 
“Yeah,” said Demonax slowly. “We could do that.” He stared thoughtfully at the ember of his spliff, saying nothing. It was the obvious solution, crazy, but the obvious solution. “It would take a bit of work. And yes I could use a coffee.”
Scather exhaled slowly, looking at Zaburo. “All through my training I was told one thing that was constant, anyone can be hit. Our only concern is collateral damage. What are the permissible levels?”
The gnome looked at them both. They looked serious. “Are you guys crazy?” snorted Tha-Wal. “That is a really low odds operation. We’ll get snuffed for sure. Knocking off a barbarian prince is one thing.”
“After what we have seen,” interrupted Zaburo. “After what you have seen, can you consider truly the choice between slavery and freedom? What other options do we have?” Zaburo took a puff. “They are no more gods than you and I. You know that. Golden chains are still chains.”
“They are using us,” growled Hypher. “Hours and hours on my knees worshipping that filthy fraud only to find out I am nothing other than battle fodder.” Hypher laughed. “If we break with Seth we are dead. If we stay, we kiss his ass ‘til some asshole slips a blade through the ribs. We’ll be heroes but we will still be dead.”
“Well put, and I fear, accurate, unless we really do off Osiris. I mean really off the bastard.” Zaburo lit another spliff and took a long leisurely toke of mauve. 
“Then we go for it?” asked Scather with a shrug. “Do we want one or both?”
“Both?” Tha-Wal laughed.
“Seth,” said Hypher. “Let’s take him out.”
Zaburo thought about it for a minute. “If we kill Osiris, Seth will be grateful and we will do really well. We will be set for life. Besides, the Lord of Shadows is no fool. He knows who and what we are.” He is mine, he thought. Seth is mine.
“Then we take out Osiris,” commented Scather. “If we take out Osiris, their war is over. I doubt either Seth or Osiris will expect that. Why worry about the ants? They will expect us to take out great leaders and warriors, not Osiris himself. Not even Seth has dared that or he’d have done it long ago.”
“Seth may even help us without realizing what we are doing.” Zaburo took another pull from the spliff and smiled. Would even Seth be so audacious or was there a reason he hadn’t ended this stupid war long ago? Who said that a game had to have a reason? 
Tha-Wal laughed. “So we have come to this, trying to end a spat between two fraud-gods. What a fucking joke.” The gnome lit another spliff with his finger-flame. “It’s going to get us killed.”
The dwarf shrugged. “So we take out Osiris. How do you propose to do that?” Hypher was certain they were crazy, but they were also right. He had walked the stars, too. He knew they weren’t gods, and that betrayal ate into his brain. Dwarfs live a long time; they have long memories and long hates. 
They all looked at Zaburo, waiting for him to say something. They knew he was the Chosen of Seth. He was their doorway into to all these divine stuff and goodies that would be awarded by the Dark Lord. Zaburo realized that by default he was the leader. Never before had they so willingly deferred to him. He was supposed to be a king, and that put him at the front of the crowd whether he wanted to be there or not.
Zaburo slowly exhaled a lungful of mauve. “We have to assess our situation first. That will take a bit of doing. If more than fifty years has passed then we need to find out what is going on. Until then, Seth expects me to head to Gaathmargh to be the Chosen of the Raak. That may be a problem without Elfmourner. It will be one of those heroic things expected of me.  Good theater, I would imagine. I could use a few good warriors. Are there any volunteers?”
“Enter the heart of the Raak Empire? The Raak hate gnomes and dwarfs. They hate wizards. They hate half-breeds. They hate everyone. They shoot first and ask questions never. It could be fun.” Scather looked at Hypher and Tha-Wal. They smiled and shrugged.
“Sure, why not?” said Tha-Wal.
Zaburo nodded. He held his axe over his head. “Henceforth, I am Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, and King of the Raak Empire.”
Hypher stood and held his axe in front of him. “I shall become Rato-Malcasta, fornicator of rats in the language of my people, a servant of Seth and companion to His Chosen.”
Tha-Wal and Scather looked at each other and then laughed. 
The four of them sat drinking coffee, smoking and mulling over their experiences of the last few days. It had been a strange journey. If things went as they were considering, the rest of their life would be painfully short. If they were going to do it, they had to do it with style.
The gnome set down his cup. “I see a problem right off the bat. How will Hypher, ah, Rato-Malcasta and I managed to get through to Gaathmargh without being noticed. Magic can only conceal us so far.”
“That’s true. No one other than Raak is permitted in Gaathmargh, even slaves. The priests constantly scan the Valley of Shadows. Intruders never survive.” Scather poured himself another coffee.
“I would think there would be special accommodations for Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth,” commented Zaburo. “I would think I could rely on the Priesthood of Seth to smuggle us into Gaathmargh easily enough.”
“There is a way,” said Rato-Malcasta. “For over twenty years I served the Temple of Shadows as a bodyguard for the High Priests of Seth. My travels may surprise you. I have had the occasion to travel using many unusual methods.”
“Explain,” replied Demonax.
“Gates,” interrupted Tha-Wal. “Dimensional gates, I bet.”
Rato-Malcasta nodded. “That’s right. They call them Warp Doors. They’re used to travel to other temples and to escape raids by government and Osiran troops. Very few people know of them, fewer can create them. I traveled through them once or twice.”
“Of course,” laughed Scather. “That would explain a lot of things.”
“What do you know of this?” asked Tha-Wal suspiciously. “The Wizards still believe it to be great secret.”
“I was raised in a Shadow Warrior family long before I came to Darvuun. The Darksoul and Shadow Warrior’s work and train together. They exchange ritual hostages. They frequently marry between their clans. It is a very cozy arrangement. That is how we know.”
“There has been a growing trade relationship with Darvuun through the assassin’s guilds, the Sethian temples in Darvuun and the Darksoul. That being the case, it would be to our advantage to get to a Temple of Seth.”  Tha-Wal took a puff.
“That would suggest some kind of Raak-Darvuunian political alliance is already in existence,” mused Demonax. “That is interesting. That might be something we can work with,” he said thoughtfully. 
“Surely they would be accommodating to the Chosen of Seth?” Tha-Wal laughed. “I would like to think Seth makes a few provisions for announcing his heroes to his servants. It would not do to snuff the Chosen One by mistake.”
“Yeah. Behold the Emissary of Seth who loses Seth’s great gift to an elf. That will go over real well. He fucks up the prophecies and all that. That damned stupid elf.” Zaburo snorted. 
“Well it’s either the temple or try to crash the border and bluff our way across a hundred miles of bad terrain and worse odds,” commented Tha-Wal.
“Then that’s it. We’ll do the temple thing in Kuranas.” Zaburo took a long slow drag of his spliff.
Only a few days ago they had almost frozen to death and almost got eaten by a yeti getting across this wide plain. Today it was an idyllic stretch of long grass and flowering shrubs. After they shed their thick clothes, they tossed the packs back on their backs and started across the fields.
Despite the soft beauty of the land, they moved carefully, weapons at the ready. Scather and Rato-Malcasta slung their loaded crossbows across their abdomens. They took the flanks and were ready to fire at the first thing that moved. Demonax and Tha-Wal walked together, speaking softly of legends and stories, but there were few tales of the Draakka that the gnome could remember. It had been so long ago, and he hadn’t really cared that much about that area of his studies. 
Tha-Wal did have tales of the ancient Raak kings and their legendary deeds.  “The story of the Raak is not one of great victories. It is a tale of great battles, great heroics, but little else in the last six thousand years. Most of the legends go back to the days before Humans arrived, and when they fought well and hard against the Aelans and Dwarfs. The arrival of Humans changed that.” Tha-Wal spoke for a long time as they crossed the quiet fields, without seeing anything larger than a field mouse or an eagle.
They slept on a small knoll that night, exhausted by the long walk and the total weight of all that had happened. It was like walking into a big cloud, more like running into it. They took their turns at watch, silently drinking coffee and smoking spliffs of mauve. They headed out the next morning after a pot or two of coffee and a handful of spliffs. 
Near lunchtime they saw the tree line to the south, a long thin line of dark green that spread the width of their vision. They felt truly at ease for the first time since they had left Xann-Zulth. They were finally going home.The crawl up the escarpment was easier without all the ice, but it was still unpleasant. It took two spliff breaks before they made it to the top. They crossed into the forest just around suppertime. Where the Barrier had once cut through the air like a glittering knife, the grasslands ended. It was a line drawn across the face of the world. The trees were a thick line of maple and oak filled with newborn leaves and fresh moss on the ground. 
A few miles to the west there was a black gap in the tree line. That bothered them, so they slipped into a virgin area of the forest. The trees were spread widely apart and the ground was covered in a thick grass. It was a healthy forest with many signs of normal life, the spoor of a deer, the trees clawed to mark the range of the local grizzly, the occasional skittering of squirrels and chipmunks. After a few minutes in the forest, they stumbled on the remains of a campfire. 
Tha-Wal’s skin crawled. The Draakka hated the gnomes and the Draakka were loose. He could feel them in his bones. A path headed south. The circle of stones had been used often. This was likely the spot of a well-traveled observation post. It could not be a trading route. The pathway was too narrow for that. They dropped their gear next to the fire pit and sat down for a spliff. 
Scather took one puff after he lay back and relaxed, covering his eyes with his hands. He let his mind fly free. For a moment he stared down at them relaxing and puffing spliffs. He floated in the leaves of the nearest maple. He re-oriented himself and then wafted his astral form up the pathway to the top of the hill. He zipped over the top of the hill and soared high into the air, twirling and spinning in hopeless ecstasy. He quickly regained control of himself and silently skidded to a stop in the air. 
Below him in the valley below were the burned out remains of a large village. Almost all the buildings had been wood. The fires had been so intense that virtually nothing remained standing. Nothing except a small temple of Seth made of ancient basalt blocks that sat in the middle of the blackened ruins. The ankh of quartz that once stood over the door of the temple was gone now, its shattered remnants littering the cobblestone steps in front of the main door of the temple, at least where the door was supposed to be. That had been burned away long ago in the deadly flames that had devoured this town.
Scather floated above the ruins and wondered who had lived here. There had been no town this close to the Barrier when they had been here last. A town had grown and died here after they had passed through and before they had returned. Strange. He caught the faint aura of something in the temple below. He floated softly down through the trees towards the Temple. He detected the thin wisp of smoke, the first sign of life he had seen in this charcoal city. He floated slowly towards the temple and threw up his mental shield. He sent out a tendril of exploring thought.
#Greetings, traveler. #
Scather skidded to a stop. #Identify. # 
#Welcome to Caran-nur. I am Garth, High Priest of Seth. I have been expecting you. I extend Guest Privilege to thee.#
#I accept,#  he replied. #Put the coffee on. Crumble the mauve. We’ll be right down.#  Scather floated over the ruins for a moment. Yep, he thought, the hand of Seth is in this one. Fuck. He thought of his body whipped back through the trees.
Scather sat up. “Coffee’s on, guys.” 
 




CHAPTER ELEVEN

Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.
Bible: New Testament. Matthew 10:34.

They picked their way slowly through the ruins, noting the unburied bodies and slaughtered livestock. The buildings had been burned to the foundations. Some had piles of bodies near where they tried to escape and had been slain by archers.  Only the black temple stood above them all, the only structure of stone. It probably had been sacked and looted, but it was too much effort to destroy the building during a quick sack and pillage.
Zaburo examined the ruins carefully, sifting the soot with his hand and smelling the ash. “Maybe a month ago, not much more.” 
Scather led them through the debris to the temple. It was obvious the Draakka were seriously pissed off and had little patience or mercy. They had even killed the dogs and cats. They were like a horde of severely sadistic locusts. That would make dealing with them a bit difficult. 
When they reached the burned out front of the temple, they had to step lightly through the shards of the destroyed quartz ankh that had once hung inset over the double doors, now barely hanging from their hinges. Smoke had blackened the doorway, the outer walls seared with intense heat that turned some of the basalt to glass. 
“Shocking,” commented Scather. “Such disrespect for the temple and the gods is appalling.”
“Truly shocking,” agreed Demonax Vilehand.  “We must really do something about that.” They laughed and lit up a more spliffs.
A tall thin man dressed in a simple black cassock stepped out the sooty shadows of the door.  His bald scalp was tattooed with a dozen black ankhs around the crown of his skull. His pointed goatee gave him a tasteful demonic look.  “Welcome to Caran-nur, gentlemen. Come on in.” He looked tired and wasted as he looked them over, and then turned without a word back into the temple in a cloud of soft soot. 
They looked at each other, took another toke, and then followed the priest into the temple. They stared at the damage caused by the flames. The tapestries had been burned right up to the roof; only the heavy iron hooks and small shreds of fabric remaining of once rich hangings. Most of the stain glass windows had been blown out of their sills leaving simply bare holes in the basalt. Streaks of soot marred the polished stone of the altar at the north wall, smearing over the mauve ankhs carved inside of the quartz stonework. 
Next to the altar stood a simple wooden table covered with a simple but plentiful repast of breads, cheeses and cold meats. A number of jugs of wine and beer sat on the altar. Garth sat down on the stairs in front of the altar and lit his pipe.  “Make yourself comfortable,” he commented tiredly as he exhaled a small stream of smoke. “My apologies for the place,” he said, nodding at the devastation around him. “Sometimes things are so rushed that housework really takes a back seat.”
Demonax swallowed a tough piece of beef with a mouthful of wine. “I would think you were expecting us?”
“But of course. Seth told me to be here. Although I think the Dark One could have found a slightly more elegant place. But who is to say? The will of Seth is always filled with such inscrutable curiosities.”
Tha-Wal sipped some of the wine and nodded in satisfaction. “Like this town. We seem to have some problems remembering this one.”
“I don’t doubt it. Caran-nur was built a little over fifty years ago. Just after the Barrier began to fade, the King set up this to be a small trading post and border garrison. Seven months ago the Barrier dissolved completely in one night. Boy, were we surprised!” Garth took a big gulp of wine and swallowed it.
“The Draakka attacked,” said Tha-Wal softly.
Garth looked at Tha-Wal for a moment. “Yes, they attacked. Within a day after the Barrier fell, those blackened souls rolled over the border.” He took another drink and stared at the gnome. “It strikes me a curious thing that every gnome I speak to seems to have not one bit of surprise for that.”
“We have known the Draakka as no one else.” Tha-Wal lit a spliff.
Demonax said nothing but he remembered what Tha-Wal had told him not that long ago. “The Gnomes had erected the Barrier to contain the Draakka millennia ago. Long before the humans, dwarfs, or elves came to this place, we shared this place with the Draakka and Raak races. We left them both alone. Then one day the Draakka invaded. Many gnomes died before we imprisoned them in the frigid hell they so rightfully deserve. Our race has still not recovered.”
“That may be, Garth, but we are a little behind on contemporary realities. Please continue.”
“Hhmmm, yes. He said that would be so. What do you need to know?”
“Let’s start with the basics,” he commented
“Let’s see, Braz-nur VII rules in Darvuun. It is the seventy-eighth year of the dynasty. To the north, Mhel-Khur the Immortal rules the Draakka, and to the south Argolzz the Undying rules the Raak.”
Demonax flinched, his eyes narrowing into slits. He remembered Argolzz. “At your service, Lord Argolzz of The Second Circle, Servant to His Majesty Mhel-Khur the Immortal.” A Draakka sat on the throne at Gaathmargh? That Draakka? The one with his sword? That was fucking choice.
The others had immediately realized what this meant. It made their skin crawl. “Lightbearer IV rules in Geondra. So far, Darvuun is fighting the Draakka alone. The Raak sit and watch, and the Osirans are mobilizing. The Darvuunians are forbidden by treaty to ask for assistance from the Raak, and I doubt if they would get any if they did. The Priesthood of Seth is trying to remedy that, but there is a lot of politics in the way.”
Tha-Wal, Rato-Malcasta, and Scather Bloodhand looked at Demonax Vilehand. He said nothing, but his mind was on fire with the possibilities. For those who had walked among the stars, it was becoming clearer and clearer all the time. They would likely get snuffed, but what a ride!
“Did His Dark One tell you who you were to meet?” asked Demonax Vilehand. “What did he tell you?”
“To meet and provide sustenance and all assistance for some of His servants at this place.”
“I am Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, and King of the Raak. My companions are Illusionist Tha-Wal, Lord Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun, and Scather Bloodhand of the Shadow Warriors. We must get to Gaathmargh as soon as possible.”
Rato-Malcasta set down his goblet. “What we need is a Warp Door to Gaathmargh, and we need one quick.”
Garth’s eyebrows rose. “Is that all? And what do you know of Warp Doors?”
“I served the Priesthood of Shadows for many years as a Minion of the Temple of Seth. I have seen a few in our battles with the Osirans. Sometimes an ambush or strategic withdrawal was necessary,” he said with a shrug.
“Well, I can do that. It will take a bit of time to get things ready. And I really should inform Gaathmargh. They must know you are coming or you’ll be sausage before you take a second breath.” He looked over the four of them and smiled. “If you are shitting me, you are dead. They are not known for their sense of humor.”
“How long will it take you to set up the door?” Demonax clearly had little patience. “It is time for the King of the Raak to return home and take his place.”
“As you wish, Chosen One.” Garth bowed formally. “When the sun sets, the door will be ready. You might want to relax until then. You will have a long night.”
After a few more goblets of wine and a spliff or two, they set up some blankets in the corner of the temple and settled down for a nap. It was easy to do. With the priest walking around and chanting with his aromatic chalice, it was like a day at the temple. It was so easy to drift away into sleep, the sleep of tedium caused by the droning words of a priest.
They woke at the sound of the gong. They hadn’t even remembered falling asleep. They sat up on the temple floor, the light odor of soot still in their nostrils. The gong sounded a second time. They stared at the altar fascinated by the shimmering cloud of purple smoke and mist. 
High Priest Garth stood beside the cloud, his hands shaping the smoke. His face was soaked with sweat, eyes wide with the joy to touching the essence of his Dark Lord and Master. “When the door opens, move quickly. It is hard for one priest to do this. I can’t last long.”
Demonax took out his axe and clutched it tightly by the haft near the blades. Scather and Rato-Malcasta loaded up their crossbows, and Tha-Wal loosened his knife on his belt.
Blackness appeared in the air a foot above the altar and hovered there. The smoke was sucked into the hole and it grew larger and larger. Soon the smoke flowed from Garth’s hands directly into the hole. It grew slowly to the size of a door then assumed a rigid rectangular form barely touching the floor.
“All Glory to Seth!” said the priest with a groan. The trickle of smoke still flowed to the door. Sweat poured down his face. “Go now.”
Demonax Vilehand dashed to the door and leaped through. Rato-Malcasta, then Tha-Wal and lastly Scather Bloodhand quickly followed him. Scather hesitated for a moment and considered shooting the priest, then changed his mind. He leapt into the darkness.
They came out into darkness. 
Demonax Vilehand took three huge strides and took up a crouch, his axe in front of him. His eyes took a moment to adjust to the purple light that seemed to be diffused through the chamber. It seemed as if the walls glowed light purple.
Rato-Malcasta leaped out into the light and took up position to the right. His crossbow was clutched in front of him. He made out one dim figure in front of him and snapped up the weapon, but held his fire. Scather took a position to Demonax’s left. Tha-Wal stepped out, looked around and puffed his spliff. There was a soft pop. The door sucked back into itself and collapsed in a black dot. 
“Demonax Vilehand, I presume?” The black-robed Darksoul Priest of Seth came into the light. Demonax bowed his head slightly. The priest rubbed his silver-furred snout and looked them over. “Hmmm. Dwarf and gnome. What is Seth thinking, I wonder?” He crossed the temple floor looking them over. The Darksoul Priest stopped in front of Demonax Vilehand and studied him carefully. “I welcome you to Gaathmargh, Chosen One.” He looked at Scather and grinned. “Only one bodyguard, it is unseemly for a king.”  He shrugged and turned back to Demonax. “When next we see you, we will be feasting on your body or bowing to it. Have a nice day. Sure you won’t leave the gnome or the dwarf? A gesture of good faith?”
Demonax shrugged. “Sorry.”
“Alas.” He pointed at the door. “That leads to the Inner area known as the Killing Ground. You want the Shadow Keep against the east wall. Seth guides your steps or you die.” He smiled, showing his sharpened teeth, and then bowed deeply.
“Real smart-ass,” commented Tha-Wal under his breath.
“Not really,” smiled Demonax. “They have no use for weakness. Dwarfs and gnomes are merely food. If I am the Chosen, I will have to kill this Argolzz the Undying and take back my sword. Personally, I think Seth is being a bit of dick about this. Argolzz has to die, or we do. I guess he wants to see if I can do it right the second time. Let that focus your concentration.”
“What he says is true,” said Scather. “Screw this up and we are seriously dead. But until then, the Raak will not take sides. If it is the destiny of the Vilehand to return, it must prove itself. We are in for the fight of our life.”
“That’s a surprise?” laughed the gnome.
“Then let’s get it done,” growled Rato-Malcasta. “This place gives me the willies.” He put away his crossbow and swung his axe free from his shoulder. He twirled it in his left hand shaking out any last minute knots in his strong shoulders. He strode up to the door and clutched his axe in front of him. 
“I guess it’s time,” commented Demonax. He took up a position to the dwarf’s right and clutched his axe in front of him at chest height. 
Scather took the left side of the door and the gnome took a safe position behind Rato-Malcasta, his small battle staff held in sweaty palms. 
Tha-Wal always hated this time. He was reduced to being a minor player in this stuff. He hated smacking people with a staff. He didn’t have that muscle to do more than annoy most of those heavy-duty psychos in armor. Give him a little bit of room for a second or two and instant blasts. The problem was battle didn’t always give you that chance. 
Rato-Malcasta took two huge steps forward and drove the door open with his heavy boot. “Go!”
The door flew open, casting a dim beam of light blue light into the night. Demonax leaped through the door. At the last second he ducked a whistling swipe. A huge halberd blade cut the air over his head. He rolled into a crouch and hooked the huge pike with the blades of his axe.  A skeleton? It was huge, but hardly a threat. Demonax almost laughed. Was that the best Argolzz could do? 
Scather charged into the light and vaulted over the pike. Clutching the pike with one hand and Nightwind in the other, he shattered the skull of the skeleton with a wide circling kick. The skull blasted into dust and shards of bone. Scather swung around and dropped, coming up into a crouch as the rest of the bones clattered to the cobblestone. 
Rato-Malcasta jumped through the door and then Tha-Wal came through closing the door and leaving them in total darkness. They crouched in the darkness and waited, letting their eyes get used to the night. Overhead, the sky was gone, hidden by the roof of the Great Cave overhead. No stars, no moons, only darkness. 
Tha-Wal stared out at the strange forest in front of him and wondered what the hell was going on. All the plans had said this was a field for practice and imperial parades. It had said nothing about a garden or any such things. That was decidedly un-Raak. He stared closer and slowly he realized this was the damnedest forest he had ever seen. They weren’t trees. They were the remains of impaled victims on tall spikes. What he had first thought were branches were limbs, but not trees, bodies. Bodies creatively impaled by a sadistic maniac, the work of Argolzz. It was ruthlessly effective, but not very imaginative.
In the distance, through the forest was the Keep of Shadows, lit up by huge torches and glowing blue stones. Demonax stared at the keep and took a deep breath and understood that this was it. He had faced demons before, like that scorpion thing. He was scared, but seriously pissed. He would never have done this if he hadn’t been pushed into it. It must be another one of those character-building exercises and tests leading up to the big event. 
The Shadow Keep was ancient. The agelessness created almost palpable sensations up and down their spines. It stood fifty feet high, carved, carved by the hand of Seth to house the first of the Raak kings back in the forgotten depths of history. It was the oldest keep on the continent, built millennia before the first Humans came from the south through the ancient ravines long since destroyed, longer than Aelan-Par City of the High Elves or Tharnopolis of Thwarbak’s Dwarfs. The Shadow Keep was carved from the darkest smooth basalt, the seams virtually invisible. The top was surrounded by a waist-high wall manned by alert Vilehand Elite troops armed with crossbows. 
Even when the Chosen was not there, the loyal bodyguard would always be here, waiting for the next Vilehand King to rise and lead them to war. The front door was lit by two huge glow globes on silver pikes at the bottom of six steps. Over the door stood an obsidian ankh, a single six-foot unmarred crystal, sunken into the basalt so tight it appeared to have been melted into the rock. It was an impressive sight.
Zaburo visualized an aged Demonax staring out over Gaathmargh with his son, saying, “One day all of this will be yours.” It struck him as funny and he snorted softly. He took another look at the door and noticed for the first time that there were guards standing on either side of the door.
Completely dressed in spiked plated armor, including helmets, they must be at least seven feet tall. They might be ogres, but that was unlikely. Ogres were too undisciplined to stand all of that time without moving. They held long four-bladed pikes of serrated iron that crossed each other in front of the door. 
“If Argolzz is a demon then those are probably zombies of some kind,” whispered Zaburo. 
“We need to get there fast,” whispered Tha-Wal.
“None of that aging shit,” said Rato-Malcasta suspiciously. 
“Nothing like that. Keep centered on Rato-Malcasta and I can create a silence field. That way we can run as fast as we like. Time is of the essence,” said Tha-Wal.
“Why then the dwarf?” grumbled Scather.
“He is the slowest.”
The others grunted and waited. Tha-Wal muttered a few words and shredded the feather of an owl in his palm. The feather vanished in a deep blue fire. He blew the dust on Rato-Malcasta and sound was gone. Demonax Vilehand pointed at the doorway and they started off at a run through the forest of impaled unfortunates.
Halfway there, their luck ended. Two shadows plunged down from the spikes. Another leapt up in front of Rato-Malcasta. It was so sudden; they were almost taken by surprise. Only their experience and instincts saved them. 
Demonax caught the movement out of the corner of his eye. He pivoted at the last moment to his right and swung up a powerful blow with his axe. The filthy talons, no, fingernails grown long, cracked and filthy, swished by his face. The axe crunched into the filthy creature’s lower rib cage and carved up into the chest cavity of a filthy carrion-eating ghoul. It dropped to the filthy stonework and struggled to stand. Demonax smashed its face with a snap kick, and then came down a crushing blow on the skull with the heavy flat of the axe. It dropped and never twitched.
Rato-Malcasta dove into the ghoul past the talons and drove his knobbed gauntlets into its teeth. He was satisfied at the crunch he felt but didn’t hear. He snapped a dagger out of his sleeve and ripped open its throat with a vicious back-swipe. It hit the ground and Rato-Malcasta snapped its neck with a swift elbow drop. 
Scather spun and Nightwind whistled. He took off the ghoul’s two hands and laughed in the silence. It screamed in silence and dropped to his knees. Scather dodged sideways and waited until it hit the ground. Then he leapt in and impaled the creature as it tried to skitter away without hands. Its silent shrieking ended with Nightwind pinning it to the cobblestone through the back like a butterfly pinned to a wall display. Scather ripped the sword out with a vicious twist and looked around. 
It was over so fast that Tha-Wal could do nothing. There had been no warning. Creatures of the dead always made him uncomfortable. Carrion vultures were feeding on the flesh of the impaled. They radiated none of the heat of life. They had scared the crap out of him. They were undead, not demons. He would be glad to get this job done. 
They looked around for each other and made sure everything was all right. They nodded and they took up the pace through the spikes. When they got near the edge they took a position in the shadows and waited for the silence to pass. They studied the creatures near the main door and the area around them. It would seem that Argolzz didn’t even trust the people he was supposed to lead. 
The area was silent, a few skeletons wandering around in some mindless manner, spears casually resting on their shoulders, their bone feet clacking on the stone. There were no Raak anywhere except for the few shadows moving along the top of the wall. Demonax felt there would be a minimal complement of troops atop the Keep. Argolzz may rule the Raak but he did not trust them one bit.
The silence vanished. The sound of the night wind and the clacking of skeletal feet on the cobblestone were a welcome feeling. Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta wrapped light cords around their hands while Demonax and Scather slipped out of their assassin body suits. Demonax saw no reason to hide his new role. His red shirt was embroidered with the Vilehand sigil. His cloak was the traditional black Vilehand cloak he had retrieved from the library. He turned to Scather who was already in the gear of a Shadow Warrior chieftain. His dark blue jacket had a simple black sigil of a silhouetted Raak warrior’s head in the center of his chest. His black cloak was a thick one of dull black linen draped over both shoulders and down past his knees. He tossed his helmet into the muck and shook his hair loose.
Demonax looked around and nodded. “Let’s do it.” He stepped out onto the open cobblestone clutching his axe in his left hand and started walking towards the Shadow Keep. Behind him stumbled Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal with their heads down and hands behind their backs. Scather Bloodhand followed up the pair, Nightwind resting on his shoulder. They walked calmly across the vast square. They looked the part of a delivery of new victims for Argolzz’s foul amusement. Even the skeletons wandering around seemed to take no notice of them as they marched openly across the square. 
Rato-Malcasta clutched the haft of his battle-axe in strong hands behind his back and exhilarated at the prospect of battle. Tha-Wal clutched his sling in a tight ball, holding the dimly glittering gem in his sweating hand. He kept the rope looped around his wrist and tried to relax.
They were ten paces from the bottom of the steps when Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta dropped their wrist loops. The dwarf swung out his axe and laughed. The gnome dropped the loops. The sling dropped out of his small hand, he dropped in the small gem, snapped it into one wide loop and let fly. The gem cleared the top of the steps by two feet, hit the ground between the two guards, and bounced. Tha-Wal groaned. The gem bounced once, then a second time and exploded.
Although the door blew open, most of the blast roared outward. The two guards were blown down the steps, clanging with every bounce on the stone. Limbs were missing, some parts were virtually disintegrated in the searing blast of magical fire.
“Fucken’ A, Tha-Wal,” laughed Demonax Vilehand. He bounded up the stairs, followed by Scather and Rato-Malcasta. The gnome looked around for a second, realizing he was standing here by himself. He shook off the shock of being left alone and charged up the stairs.
Just as they reached the top of the stairs, skeletons wielding swords streamed out of the door to the Keep. Demonax Vilehand leaped into battle. Dodging swords, he hooked a head off one with a right fist. He spun sideways and shattered another’s entire rib cage and spine with a savage one handed chop with his axe. He lunged past their scattering bones and tried to get to the door. He took out another with the haft of his axe knocking its head clean off.
Scather lunged passed a sword and decapitated one with a flick of Nightwind. He backhanded another in the shoulder, shattering its sword arm. He grabbed the skeleton by the throat and twisted its head off, holding the neck like a mace. He swung the skull into the face of another shattering both skulls in a cloud of white dust and teeth.
Rato-Malcasta swung with his full strength as he closed for battle. His axe smashed through the first skeleton and crushed the vertebra of the second. The dwarf made short work of two more and they never laid a blade on him. He found himself a bit disappointed. “Is this the best that loser Argolzz can do? Shit, this was going to be easy.”
Demonax pushed through the door, efficiently smashing his way through five more skeletons, mostly with his fists and a few backhand swipes with his axe. While Scather and Rato-Malcasta finished off the few outside, Tha-Wal muttered a few phrases and pointed at a point just above Demonax Vilehand. A glowing purple ankh appeared in the air in a blast of red flame.
Demonax Vilehand stepped through the door under the ankh. The three remaining skeletons fled from his sight. He stepped into the throne room of the Raak people, his axe clenched in his two hands and looked at the gathered warriors. Twelve of the Raak elite stood there. They were dressed as he was, except where he had a Vilehand sigil; they had a hole cut from their shirts that remained bare. Even Argolzz the Undying could do nothing to eliminate the Elite tradition of loyalty to the Vilehand.
“I am Demonax Vilehand, son of Thanos Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, King of the Raak,” he spoke loudly to the assembled warriors.
One of them stepped forward and looked him over, then looked up at the ankh.  He was clad as a member of the Vilehand Elite with a bare hole on his chest where his insignia should be. He smiled. “Pretender, the last Vilehand fell at Kuranas almost a century ago.”
“Make it easy on yourself,” said Demonax. “Step aside and let Seth’s will be done. Live and serve me.”
“I am afraid not, Pretender and soon-to-be dinner guest.”
“Then we’ll just have to kill you,” laughed Rato-Malcasta as he strode into the throne room. He looked around and realized that he was the first of his race to ever see the Seat of Power of Seth and the Raak. 
Scather followed Rato-Malcasta and smiled at the Raak Elite warriors. When Tha-Wal followed, the Vilehand Elite raised their swords and readied for combat.
“You have brought a gnome and a dwarf into this place. You are no Chosen of Seth. And you have a traitorous Shadow Warrior with you. Foul indeed.”
Demonax whipped out his hand crossbow from under his cloak. It snapped open and he fired instantly. The heavy dart took out the Raak leader, punching through its left eye and dropping him instantly. “Oh, well,” said Demonax. He slid his crossbow back into its holster and then held his axe casually with both hands.
Swords cleared scabbards as the Vilehand roared in rage.
Tha-Wal muttered an incantation and stared at the ground in front of them. Vicious tendrils sprouted from the stone floor, green with blood-red veins and small nasty suckers rimmed with little razor teeth. The vines attacked the Raak, curling around their legs and feet and tearing through their clothing. The Raak Elite found themselves being eaten alive and panicked. Demonax Vilehand, Scather, and Rato-Malcasta leaped to the attack.
Scather blocked a panicky blow and let a mind blast go into the crowd. He staggered two of them then finished them off with two economic thrusts of Nightwind. He took out one squirming with the blood-vines with a hurled stiletto to the throat.
Rato-Malcasta staggered back when the Raak sword glanced off his shoulder. He took out the Raak with a butt stroke to the groin, and then split open the beast man’s face with his axe. He pushed the body into another Raak and blocked a thrust at his face from another. Rato-Malcasta yanked the blade of his axe down and ripped the sword out of the warrior’s hand. He plunged the axe head into its throat and twisted. Blood spurted down the haft of the battle-axe and over his hands.
Demonax Vilehand jumped into the middle of them. “Seth!” he roared as he beheaded one of the Raak Elite with a single swipe. He dropped low, blocking one overhand swing and avoiding a thrust that passed over his head. He noticed their reactions were slow, likely still affected by the gnome’s mind-fucking magic.
Demonax yanked a dagger out of his boot and hurled it up into the chest of the thrusting warrior. It careened off the chainmail and over his shoulder. The Raak staggered. Demonax swept out his foot and took out the Raak’s knee with an outside kick. He heard the crack and laughed when the leg bent at a strange angle.
The Raak hesitated for a moment, his eyes frozen in pain. Demonax took out both of his eyes with throwing stars at point-blank range. He turned to the staggering warrior on his left and swung his axe with one hand. The Raak warrior blocked the swing and retaliated with a flick of the sword. Demonax pulled back at the last moment, the blade passing just below his chin.
“Fuck,” cursed Demonax. One lucky shot and he was toast. He whirled the axe up blocking a stab to his chest. He then lunged forward and severed the sword arm with a two-handed chop. He swung the axe up and around crushing the skull with a flat smash. He looked around quickly. The others were at the ready, panting and covered in gore. Tha-Wal was finishing off one Raak who was still writhing on the floor in the grip of imaginary blood-vines. He thrust his dagger up under the chin and ended the Vilehand Elite’s life. “Well, that’s that.”
“Everyone all right?” said Demonax between breaths. 
Tha-Wal looked up and nodded. “Aye.” 
“Yeah,” replied Scather as he wiped his blade clean on a Raak cloak.
“Okay,” nodded Rato-Malcasta with a smile. “Good little workout, I must say.”
And then the world was consumed in a column of fire… 


 




CHAPTER TWELVE

Like pilgrims to th’appointed place we tend; the world’s an inn, and death the journey’s end.
John Dryden (1631–1700)

A column of flame roared down out of thin air above them. An instantaneous blast of swirling red, yellow, and blue flames rolled over them, the explosive roar echoing off the basalt walls of the Shadow Keep.
Scather’s mind exploded in warning. He threw up a shield of force at the last minute, but it was a spotty and difficult talent to manage. The shield shattered under the impact of the flaming battering ram. It acted partly like a mirror, deflecting a large part of the blast off into the far wall. The rest of the column drove him to his knees and seared him lightly all over. Thin tendrils of smoke rose from his clothing. He howled in pain and vanished in the smoke.
Demonax was astounded. The column of fire rolled over him like a summer rain over an oilskin. He stared at the axe in his hands for a moment and laughed. It was the axe! There was something about this axe that had saved his ass. 
Tha-Wal sensed the rising spike of ethereal power. He could feel it on the air. With a single sub-vocal command he activated his arcane wall of force, similar to Scather’s, but he had much more energy to draw on. Even then, the defenses sucked out a sizable amount of his energy. He let the patterns wash out over him and recognized much in that second. He could feel the divine spark of power, the signature of a wizard on his magicks. It was Argolzz.
Tha-Wal’s mind calculated quickly. That was a priestly spell and a powerful one at that. No Raak had even demonstrated such power before. But the taste of magic was unique to wizards. Seeing as how there had never been a Raak wizard in recorded history, it could only be Argolzz. Only a powerful wizard with priestly abilities could have ever held control of the Raak for eighty years without getting killed by someone. He realized he could be screwed.
The gnome identified the magic in a flash. Choice: dissipate, deflect, absorb, redirect. The shield was a terrific drain. He felt it bending under the strain. He sucked the power through the shield and then blasted off the excess in an explosion of light and glitter into the ceiling above him.
Rato-Malcasta took the full blast. The raging flames burned every hair into fine ash. His cloak, his boots, his beard, they were burned away in the flash.  Fortunately there was little exposed skin. However, he finally understood how a lobster felt. It got damned hot. His crossbow had been burned into ashes, his cloak flashed into fiery dust. But the worst was his beard. All those years of maintenance, the combing, the braiding, were all shot to the Hells. His glowing axe burst into a light shade of green saving his gauntlets from burning away like his cloak. Still, the force of the blast drove him to his knees.
The searing heat sucked the wind from his lungs. He almost blacked out, but used his axe as a crutch to keep from collapsing to the floor. Then, just as suddenly, his lungs filled with cold burning air. Stars burst from behind of his eyes! He was a dwarf! He staggered back to his feet and raised his axe over his head in both hands. “Seth!” he roared.
Demonax Vilehand turned to the source of the attack. Standing in front of the obsidian Throne of Skulls, was a dark figure clutching a crackling sword with both hands. The figure was shrouded in a dark cloak and cowl. Dark gloved hands clutched the humming sword.  Demonax could feel Elfmourner call to him.
The Throne of Skulls was even grander than legends spoke of it. It was large enough to seat a small giant. Carved of a single block of obsidian, it was covered by representations of thousands of skulls: Raak, elf, dwarf, human, gnome, dragons, and other creatures of myth. All from a single block of obsidian said to have been carved by Seth for his Chosen One. The light from the glow globes sunk into the stone glittered off the throne with a green aura and sparkles. It was wonderful.
Then again, there was this character at the top of the stairs next to the Throne of Skulls. Demonax Vilehand knew this was Argolzz. He held that idiotic mantis stance he had favored once before. He could feel the presence of Elfmourner. It wept and raged, the emotion surprising Demonax. Fucking weird sense of humor, that Seth, He probably set that whole thing up, he thought.
“It’s been awhile since I had that much fun,” laughed Argolzz as he dropped his cloak and cowl. He was clad as he had been that day all those years ago. “See one blew up real good, eh?”
Rato-Malcasta and Demonax Vilehand charged immediately. There was no time for subtlety now. If they wasted time that bastard would fry them sooner than later. 
Tha-Wal clasped his hands together, index fingers touching together. “Ykcu lleef uoyod!” A melon sized globe burst out from between his hands, a spinning swirling kaleidoscope of light and madness. Then it streaked across the room and exploded in Argolzz’s face.
Before the burst had even faded, Argolzz swung his fist. “Evolgeh Tllems!” A cloud of smoke burst out from his gauntlet followed by a huge three-foot wide fist wearing a glove of flesh-shredding gems and barbs. 
Rato-Malcasta had seen gauntlets like this before in death-duels. They were nasty, nasty toys, especially when they were three feet wide. He spun sideways at the last moment and swatted the fist with the flat of his axe like a large flyswatter.
The power of the fist staggered Rato-Malcasta back a pace, but it spun off, momentarily out of control. Argolzz forced control of the magic and shot it off at Demonax. Demonax braced himself, his axe held high over his head. Just before the fist could take him out, he drove down the heavy axe on the fist. 
The axe pared through the huge fist taking out the fingers right at the palm. The axe sliced through the magic flesh, spewing greenish ichors from the hand. The fingers spun off to his right, bounced twice on the stone floor then disappeared in a cloud of greasy green smoke. The rest of the hand spun by, spewing five streaks of ichor, splattering Demonax as it flew by.
Demonax and Rato-Malcasta bounded up the stairs, attacking him on the flanks. Demonax reached the top of the stairs first. Argolzz leaped to the attack. His wide swing clanged off Demonax’s axe blade. He spun and thrust, almost taking Demonax off guard. 
Demonax sidestepped at the last second. The crackling blade pierced the air where his heart had been the moment before. Demonax swung the haft of his axe, catching Argolzz just under the ear. He felt like he hit a wall. The jolt almost dislocated his shoulder. Argolzz shrugged off the blow and smirked.
Argolzz slapped Demonax Vilehand upside the head with an open-handed cuff, as if was slapping away a minor nuisance. It was an arrogant, go-away type slap. It also almost dislocated Demonax’s jaw, filling his head with stars and roaring waves of pain. Demonax stumbled back down the stairs tripped and landed on his ass. 
“Bastard!” Demonax cursed as he scrambled back to his feet. His vision was still blurry but he knew where Argolzz would be.
Rato-Malcasta leaped atop the stairs and attacked. Argolzz parried the short chop from the dwarf, and then attacked with a stab at the dwarf’s navel. Rato-Malcasta deflected the blow away with the haft of his axe. He tried to take out Argolzz’s knee with a wide swipe, but the Argolzz vaulted over his swing at the last moment. 
Argolzz landed firmly on his toes and laughed maniacally. “Fools!”
Tha-Wal muttered under his breath. Green lightning blasted from his fingers. It exploded into the elf’s chest, staggering him. Other than singeing his clothes, all that it did was make him more irate than before. He recovered quickly …
Demonax Vilehand planted himself and pointed his axe at Argolzz’s chest. Just give me a clear shot, cursed Demonax silently. He found himself momentarily obscured by Rato-Malcasta but when the dwarf stepped back to parry, he fired. The heavy bolt exploded from the end of his axe. At the same time, the Undying king’s head flew from its body. The head spun down past the body still standing there holding its sword, hit the top of the stairs and bounced passed Demonax.
”What the fuck?” Demonax’s bolt hit Argolzz in the chest flung the body back past Scather. Scather was frozen in the final crouch of his lethal stroke with Nightwind. He never moved when Argolzz’s body staggered back and fell at his feet. He looked down at the body and spat. He was singed and pissed.
Argolzz’s head bounced high, splattering three more times on the stones before coming to rest face down in from of Tha-Wal.
“Yeah! Gotcha ya bastard!” Scather rose slowly and sheathed Nightwind. He took out his spliff case and looked around. “Anyone got a light?”
Tha-Wal turned over the head with his foot. The Draakka was dead. The demon that had been Argolzz was dead. The agony he must have undergone in those eight decades, forced to serve a god he hated, to serve Seth’s purpose in the grand tapestry of destiny and great deeds because he picked up a sword. Life can be a bastard sometimes. In the end, he was dead. Tha-Wal hoped Argolzz had had a good time.
Demonax pushed the bolt through the body and snapped it back into his axe. Then he reached down and pried Elfmourner from the frozen grasp of Argolzz. It took a bit of doing. Argolzz had been remarkably strong, and still was, even in death.
Elfmourner moaned in pleasure, Demonax smiled. He pushed the body down the stairs with his foot after taking the scabbard from Argolzz’s waist and sliding Elfmourner inside it. Demonax Vilehand sat down on the Throne of Skulls and placed Elfmourner across his lap.
They gathered in front of the Throne of Skulls and lit up a round of spliffs. They smoked them in silence. Soon the High Darksoul would come.
“You look younger somehow,” said Scather to Rato-Malcasta. They all laughed at the bald dwarf with no beard. Hypher scowled and said nothing as he puffed his spliff in silence. 
“Never fear, old friend,” said Demonax. “We’ll have the priests fix you up just fine. There are a few potions that will take care of that problem.”
“I fucking hope so.” Rato-Malcasta rubbed his bare chin, something he had not done for many decades. He did not like it at all. “This will not do at all. I’ll never get laid.”
A few minutes later, the High Priest Darksoul came into the throne room followed by a dozen Vilehand Elite. He came to the base of the throne dais and stared up at Demonax Vilehand. “A Vilehand sits on the Throne of Skulls. Seth has sent the Chosen One to be with us.” He fell to his knees and bowed his head. “My King.”

Seth stared down at the Coronation Ceremony on the wide-screen gem floating in front of his Dark Throne. Once again a Vilehand would sit on the Throne of Skulls in Gaathmargh. Demonax Vilehand knelt before his Throne and bowed his head to the High Priest Darksoul. 
A gagged human warrior was strapped over the altar set up below the Throne of Skulls. A young acolyte faced the audience in the temple held the razor-sharp kris high, and then sliced through the human’s chest with a theatrical swipe. The other acolyte ripped open the chest cavity with his bare hands snapping ribs and held it open. The High Priest Darksoul reached in and then ripped out the heart in an explosion of blood. He turned to another who held aloft the Crown of the Chosen of Seth. 
The High Priest squeezed the heart over the crown, soaking it in blood.  When the heart was drained, he tossed it to an acolyte and took the crown in his slippery hands. He walked up the steps to the kneeling Demonax Vilehand and set the bloody circlet on his head.
Demonax Vilehand stood and looked around the Grand Hall at the gathered lords of the Raak. All of the clan-lords were here. He stepped back to the Throne of Skulls, sat down and rested Elfmourner across his lap. Rivulets of blood trickled down the crown and over his face and neck. He slid Elfmourner free handed its sheath to his black-clad second, Scather Bloodhand. He set the green crackling blade on his lap and smiled.
The High Priest raised his red hands above his head. “How are you called, Chosen of Seth?”
“Demonax Vilehand, son of Thanos Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, King of the Raak,” he replied loudly and clearly. 
High Priest Darksoul went to his knees, took his mace from his belt and set it down in front of him. He bowed, his forehead touching the ground. He then sat back on his knees, his hands folded in front of him. 
In a matter of moments, the entire Grand Hall was filled with kneeling Raak warriors.  There was a long silence. The High Priest Darksoul rose to his feet and slid his mace into his belt. He turned to the gathered Raak and held his hands high. “All praises to Seth, and to Demonax Vilehand, His Chosen One.” The throne room echoed with cheers.  
Demonax Vilehand draped his leg over the side of the throne and laughed. “So what do you guys do for laughs around here?”
Seth smiled and waved the wide screen gem away. “Wonderful,” he muttered. “All is as it should be.”
At the end of the day, or actually at dawn, the party came to an end. Night living was like that. So were the Raak. They might not be the brightest people in the world, but they could suck back the ale and puff the mauve with the best of them.
The four of them sat around the table in the King’s Den sipping cold water and puffing away on spliffs. It had been a long day. Even the dwarf had tired of ale and wine.
Demonax had since washed his face from all of the blood that dripped from the crown. Ruined a perfectly good shirt, he grumbled to himself. “Are you sure he was there?” he asked Tha-Wal.
“He was there,” replied Tha-Wal. “His presence was very noticeable. I’m sure that Scather detected him as well. His Darkness stayed for the entire ceremony.”
Scather nodded. “That’s right.”
“Good.” Demonax Vilehand smiled. It would not do for Seth to miss his great moment. “Time to dance.”

The next morning, thirteen horses rode out of Gaathmargh across the Valley of Shadows and north into the Valley of Leerzej. Leading them was Scather Bloodhand, flanked by Tha-Wal and Lord Rato-Malcasta. On either side of them rode five members of the Vilehand Elite Guard, clad in the black robes and purple cloaks of the Vilehand Diplomatic Corps. It hadn’t taken them long to get the ancient cloaks out of storage to honor the king. Across their laps were the metal crossbows of the Elite Raak Warriors. Battle-axes and swords hung from their saddles. Each held a lance bearing the standard of the King, the Chosen of Seth. Gone were the pennants of Argolzz. The reign of the Undying-King was over. It was time for war.
When they rode out of the Valley of Shadows the news of the enthroning of a Vilehand had already swept out before them. It was great news the Darksoul had sent before them. It was the awakening of the Chosen People of Seth. Now was time to rise to their greatest heights. It was time to prepare for war. Raak warriors, women and children were overjoyed when they saw the Vilehand standard on the lances of the Diplomatic Corps. They cheered Scather in his Imperial Purple Cloak with the Shadow Warrior sigil on it.
As Scather, Tha-Wal, and Rato-Malcasta rode past the villages of the Raak, they were cheered and hailed in the name of the Dark Lord of Shadows. It had been more than four generations since a Vilehand had taken up Elfmourner in the service of Seth. It had been almost a century since the last Vilehand had fallen at Virgin Green, a victim of the treachery of the Darvuunian King Andraxan, the last of his filthy dynasty. The land was alive with the sound of partying. The land was alive with the sound of whetstone on steel and iron blades. The Raak never seemed as alive as when they were arming for war.    
Four days later, at midday, they crossed out of the territory of the Festering Fist, marked by the usual impaled-hand totems set on spears throughout the forest and into Darvuun’s southern steppes. Just before they stepped over the border, Scather slipped the white parley flag atop his lance and hooked into his stirrup. He knew that the moment he crossed the border there was always the risk of an arrow in the head. That was the problem with this political bullshit, he thought. It was so much easier when you worked as an assassin. Just slip over the border in the dark hours of the morning, kill anyone who gets in the way. That sort of thing becomes a bit of a problem when you take on the mantle of an Envoy to the Chosen of Seth. They trotted down the wide path towards the edge of the trees and the Darvuunian border marker. Twenty feet before the edge of the trees, three arrows arced out from the trees and stitched a line across Scather’s path.  He reined in.
“A bit slow on the draw today,” commented Rato-Malcasta. “Twenty feet,” he tsked, shaking his head. “They are a bit of a disappointment.”
“You think it would be a bit easier to simply set up a small border fort,” observed the gnome as he brought his horse to a halt just in front of the arrows. “They must lose a lot of arrows that way.”
Scather laughed. “It has always been a bit of a game on the borders down here. It is the most porous border in the world. For the right amount of cash or hash anything can be bought. Forts get burnt down when someone gets pissed off. They get bypassed, dodged, and are more trouble than they are worth. Better to have floating border posts.”
The gnome shook his head. “There’s a higher chance of getting your damned fool head shot off this way.”
Scather shrugged. “It’s all part of the game.” 
A heavily armored Elf stepped out from the woods. He clutched a heavy broadsword in his spiked gauntlets. He strode forward until he was on the other side of the three arrows. He pushed up the face of his helmet and looked up at them slowly. He started from one side to the other looking them over, his eyebrows arched in surprise. He recognized the legendary Vilehand sigil on the chests of the Vilehand Elite. To find ten of them in one place was not usually a good sign. “Raak are not usually willing to parlay.”
Scather was equally surprised to see an elf. There were few of them serving in the Darvuunian army. Most of them preferred to stay in the High Army of Aelus, except for the few who had chosen to follow Seth. He snorted softly. It was better that their kind remains bureaucrats and leaves the fighting to their betters.
The elf seemed to be rather comfortable standing in front of thirteen men on horses. That was because of the parlay flag; that and probably about twenty archers in the woods. Even the Raak deserved to be heard under the flag of truce. He finally looked up at Scather and nodded. “It is unusual to see a Raak under a flag of truce,” he said again.
“I am Scather Bloodhand. I am the Envoy of the King of the Raak, His Highness King Demonax Vilehand. I would speak with the Emperor of Darvuun under the flag of truce.” Scather drove the truce spear into the ground butt first and slid off his mount in front of the elf.
“New to the job?” asked the elf with a smirk. “We have orders to snuff any Envoys from Argolzz. Nothing personal, but that is policy you know. Of course, in the interests of good relations, I would suggest you mount up and get you fuzzy little ass back over the border.”
Scather smiled. He started to reach inside his shirt. “Just a letter, no weapons,” he commented as he slid the paper out of his pocket. The elf had not flinched. Scather handed the folded paper to the elf. “My credentials, sir. I am Scather Bloodhand, Envoy of King Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, King of the Raak, Lord of Gaathmargh.”
“Say that again?” The elf’s eyes squinted as he stared at Scather.
“Your orders are explicit, are they not?” asked Scather. “Snuff any Envoys of Argolzz. Well, Argolzz has gone to a far worse place. Demonax Vilehand sits on the Throne of Skulls and rules in Gaathmargh. That being the case, your orders are no longer relevant. We have arrived under a diplomatic flag of truce to speak to the Darvuunian Emperor Braz-nur VII, in the name of Seth.”
The elf laughed. “That is the problem with such orders. No room for flexibility. Argolzz being dead changes things a bit, I suppose. Under diplomatic protocol, I welcome you to the Empire of Darvuun. We will provide you with the appropriate escort, just to make sure you don’t get lost, you understand? I am Captain Hai-Ael.”
“Assuredly Captain. We thank you for your concern and hospitality. We accept your kind offer of an escort.”
“There is no kindness intended,” said the elf evenly. “It is duty and law, nothing more.” He turned to the woods and waved his left hand twice. The woods were filled with Darvuunian Archers, almost two dozen of them. “Dismount and follow us, Scather Bloodhand.”
Braz-nur VII led the First and Second Legions into Kuranas. He was seriously pissed and had no time for any stupidity, except maybe his own. He had lost an entire legion in the Draakkan invasion, at least a dozen major towns and hundreds of villages. It would create a serious problem. Food supplies from these lands were desperately needed for the heavily populated cities to the west. Now some asshole calling himself Mhel-Khur the Immortal was ravaging his empire and being a general pain in the ass. 
Braz-nur was a young king, having just snuffed his father, Braz-nur VI. Sort of a twenty-first birthday gift for himself, it should have been his greatest moment. No, he has to get invaded by a bunch of maniacal elves that have been locked up in the mountains for a few thousand years and have a bit of aggression to work out of their system.
All he knew was that he hadn’t done anything to them. It seemed really unfair to suffer for someone else’s ancient problem. Humans hadn’t even been in these lands when the Barrier had been erected. It had something to do with the gnomes. He must really look into that one day. Dry scrolls or wondrous wine was no contest when given the choice, but maybe he should have studied his histories a little harder.
Braz-nur strode into the tent. He was a strong man, in his prime. The seventh of his line, he looked much like the very first of his line. He had a strong jaw and long dark hair held with an obsidian clasp at the back. He was clean-shaven, a new fad in the city started by the Emperor himself. It was said that he couldn’t grow a decent beard, but no one would suggest such a thing to his face. It had often been commented that he looked much like the Great Usurper who overthrew the Andraxan Dynasty almost eighty years ago. He sat down in the field throne, and looked around the table.
The Lord Generals of the First and Second Legion looked well rested and spiffy in their armor and robes. At the end of the table sat the remnants of the Third Legion leadership. They looked tired and their armor was tarnished. They seemed unconcerned with their torn shirts and cloaks. Braz-nur looked them over for a minute. He knew the news was not good. It was as Karraj the Mage had said. Damn.
“Who is the surviving commander of the Third Legion?” Braz-nur asked, knowing he would not like the answer.
There were three of them at the table. Each had a single chest star, nothing more than Captains. All of the Lord Generals must have been killed or captured. That sucked huge.
“I speak, Sire” said a young man nursing a wound to his lower arm. “I am Captain Darren of the Fourth Regiment of the Third Darvuunian Cavalry. Beside me are Captain Heron of the Fifth Regiment Third Darvuunian Axe,” he said nodding to his left. “The other is Captain Farroth, Fifth Regiment Third Darvuunian Archers.”
“So what remains of my Third Legion?”
Captain Darren stood slowly and bowed. “Less than twenty thousand all units, Sire. The Draakka struck so swiftly in the north that in many cases we were simply annihilated, overrun and slaughtered. They took advantage of the fact we were covering a long stretch of border. They rolled us up like a carpet. If not for word of withdraw from Your Highness, none of us would be here. As it is, only twenty thousand remain of the Third Legion.” 
“We have lost eighty thousand men in less than a month,” commented Braz-nur VII. “Damnation. That Barrier coming down has been a real fucking pain. The Draakka are fucking psychos. Damn it. Well, I am not going to lose this territory to a bunch of crazy elves with an attitude problem.” He stared down at the map of the area surrounding Kuranas and shook his head. “Contact Prince Soulbright immediately. Let us see if this great treaty is worth spit.”  He could hear the silence around the table. He was young and did not feel the mood of his generals. “What are the best estimates of the Draakkan arrival?” asked Braz-nur.
“Two days at the earliest,” said the Lord Scout. He could feel the danger in the air. “In all likelihood, four days Sire. He is in no hurry. Mhel-Khur knows we will be here waiting for him.”
“That fucking Alliance treaty is a kick in the bag.” Braz-nur VII cursed. “Well, we have two days to get it together. Let’s get on with it.” He turned to his Chamberlain. “A spliff and be quick.” He shook his head. There would be a lot of living in the next few days. “Let’s give that Draakkan asshole a real reception.” He popped the offered spliff into his mouth and lit up from the standing candle beside him.  “Get word to Soulbright immediately.” 

Lightbearer IV strode into the Grand Tent and up the aisle to the throne. He turned to the gathering of thirty Generals and Lords of the Realm of Light. As was his form, he was clad in the simple white plate mail of his youth. It was the first armor he had ever worn in battle.  His heavy ermine cloak was his only appearance of opulence. Well, maybe also the heavy, gem-encrusted crown on his brow and the gold circlets around his biceps.
“All praises to Osiris!” he said with a slight bow. 
“All praises to Osiris,” they replied in unison. They bowed low and waited for a few seconds before coming up again.
Lightbearer IV, at 54 was the longest reigning Geondran king in centuries, having ruled thirty-three years. His son and heir commanded the Second Legion. Many of the warriors in his legions had known no other king than Lightbearer IV. He had spent two decades preparing for this war; for he knew from the words of Osiris himself that he would be there in the last Great War that was coming. He had remained steadfast and calm throughout the years, waiting for that right moment that Osiris would present to him. 
He exuded power and life, a blazing confidence that was almost infectious for those who served him. They had seen him receive the blessings of Osiris and his Holy Sword Miraclous in the Great Temple in the City of Kings. They had seen the Golden sword glow into life at his touch. It was the joy of the sharing of life and light. 
Lightbearer IV sat down and waited for the rest to sit. He accepted a glass of ice water from his aide and sipped softly while they got comfortable. He set the goblet down and leaned back into his chair. “The time has come.” He waited for their murmuring to subside. “Argolzz has been removed from his throne. The Raak have a new king calling himself Demonax Vilehand, the Chosen of Seth. This is what we have been waiting for.”
“Pardon this unworthy Warrior,” said Lord Soth. He pulled back his white cowl from his face as he rose and bowed his head to the king. The humblest of them all, he served the Temple of Light as its High Paladin. “I have a concern. A change of ruler is not always the best time to attack. Loyalties are likely to fall his way in the face of an external threat, would they not? An endorsement of his rule, so to speak?”
Lightbearer nodded. “That might usually be the case. My sources inform me that this situation appears to be a bit different. It would seem that this new Demonax hasn’t the sweet tongue to hold the Raak clans together.”
“A revolt in Gaathmargh?” High Priest Barran smiled. “That is unfortunate.” 
Lightbearer nodded and smiled. “A revolt. It is still uncertain which clans have rebelled. We do know that at least the Dripping Eye and the Stoneheart have risen up against Vilehand. They would not have dared do this without gaining the support of the Festering Fist or the Crimson Blade clan. We should have more information in a couple of days. In the meantime, we complete the mobilization. I want the chance to move in seven days. We are going to cleanse the world of shadows. We are going to war against the Raak.”
“Praises to Osiris!” They all stood and raised their goblets. “On to Gaathmargh!”
 




CHAPTER THIRTEEN

It is hard to believe a man is telling you the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place
- H. L. Mencken

Scather adjusted his sword on his belt and loosened up his shirt with a nervous jerk, pulling it out a bit from his skin. That was the problem with that damned chainmail armor, always digging into the skin. He tried to look casual. It would not do to appear on edge. His training as an assassin seemed to work well in the political arena, an interesting parallel profession. 
Scather waited outside of the dark red tent, staring out over the Darvuunian encampment outside of the city of Kuranas. It seemed weird to be here, trying to pretend he had never been here before. Off to the south was the city where he had spent so many years of his life skulking through the shadows and dark corners. He probably knew this city better than most. Now it was filled with the encampment of the warriors waiting for the Draakkans to come and annihilate them.
Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal stood silently behind him, puffing on spliffs and watching the army below. Over two hundred thousand soldiers from Darvuun, two entire legions massed outside of Kuranas. It was an exhilarating sight. The remnants of the Third Legion had joined them here, having been retreating for weeks before the Draakkan onslaught. There were only twenty thousand survivors, eighty thousand dead.
The Elite Vilehand stood still keeping their visors down and their axes up. That made some of the Darvuunian Imperial Guard nervous. They would never trust a Raak, even under a flag of truce. They stood with notched crossbows or bared swords. They were torn between the desire to kill the ancient enemy and the honor-bound rules of the Flag of Truce.
The Lord Chamberlain, an older man in white and gold robes approached Scather from out of the Imperial Tent. He looked around at the rather tense standoff and frowned. “Envoy Scather Bloodhand of Gaathmargh, welcome. This is the presence of the Emperor of Darvuun. Have your men lower their weapons. If we were going to kill you it would have been done long ago. We honor our word and our customs.”
Scather looked to the Elite Vilehand and nodded. “Stand down and sling axes,” he ordered. They obeyed without question. The Darvuunian soldiers slowly sheathed their swords and put away their crossbows. It didn’t make them trust the Raak any more than before, but it turned down the heat a bit. The last thing Scather needed was an incident.
“Your men are free to sample some supper and ale if they desire. His Imperial Highness, Braz-nur VII will see you now. Follow me.” A pikeman opened the flap wide for the Lord Chamberlain and his guests.
Scather went inside, followed by Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal. It was warm inside this tent, very warm. Scather enjoyed the heat. It reminded him of his childhood home in the summer. He strode across the Audience Chamber to the long table in the center. He stopped at the end of the table and looked down both sides at the Lord Generals of the Darvuunian First and Second Legions. At the end, on the big traveling throne, sat the young Emperor Braz-nur VII sipping a mug of beer.
Scather set the scroll down on the table and bowed. “I bring you greetings from King Demonax Vilehand of the Raak Empire.”
Braz-nur laughed. “The last one who said that was impaled for our evening entertainment. Why should you be any different?”
“Forgive my boldness, Emperor Braz-nur VII of Darvuun,” smiled Scather. “I am Envoy for King Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, and Lord of Gaathmargh. As you are well aware, Argolzz has gone on to a worse place. Even you agents must have informed you by now that a Vilehand sits again on the Throne of Skulls. Would you deny him a chance to offer his finest wishes to the Emperor of Darvuun, his brother in Seth?”
Braz-nur sat and breathed softly. If it had not been for the herald’s warning of that claim, he would have never known it at all; so much for his intelligence service. There would need to be some revamping in that department. “It seems a revision of our policy towards the Raak may be in order. We have simply not had the opportunity due to some unforeseen difficulties that have commanded our attention. Extend our congratulations to King Demonax on his ascension to the throne. It has been many decades without a Vilehand on the Throne of Skulls.”
“His Highness hoped you might feel that way. He has sent you some ideas, proposals that you might find interesting.” Scather rolled open the scroll on the table and bowed again. The Chamberlain picked up the scroll, checked the seal and then took it to the Darvuunian Emperor. 
“It’s not going to blow up or anything is it?” Braz-nur smiled as he studied the seal. It wasn’t the sigil of Argolzz. It was the ancient seal of the Vilehand. “It was said the Vilehand had gone forever after the Battle of Kuranas that ended the Vilehand Invasion.” Scather simply smiled.
The Emperor opened the scroll and took a few minutes to read the letter. He nodded slowly and set it down on the table. “I assume you are aware of the contents, Envoy?” 
“Assuredly, Lord Emperor,” Scather replied.
“Then be so kind as to enlighten my Generals.”
Scather looked down the sides of the table and took a deep breath. “King Demonax Vilehand, son of Thanos Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, has taken the throne of the Raak at Gaathmargh.”
“That is interesting,” commented Braz-nur. “Thanos Vilehand died a century ago. He is one old mother”
“You question the words of Seth. Speak with your priests, Sire. I do not speak falsely. The ways of Seth are strange and time means nothing to one who is the Creator of Shadows.” Scather smiled. “I have seen him. He wields Elfmourner and sits on the Throne of Skulls. No pretender would dare.”
“Indeed,” replied the Emperor. “What have you to tell the Lord Generals of Darvuun?” 
“At present you are facing a Draakkan invasion. You have lost one Legion in the north. You have lost a shit-load of land. The Draakka are going to slice you to ribbons. They outnumber you by three-to-one. You have the Fourth Legion tied up on the southern border with the Empire of the Raak. Those are the facts.”
“Well maybe all but the slice to ribbons part,” commented Braz-nur. The truth could be annoying especially coming from a beast.
“As may be,” Scather continued, “you are in a spot of trouble. The Osiran Alliance will not arrive in time to help you. They are mobilizing at this time. Soulbright has done nothing since he landed a week ago. He has not moved to help you. Why is that?” He noted the Emperor’s scowl at his mention of the Osiran Alliance.
“I will tell you why. They will come in only if it appears they will have some land to gain. They have never trusted your imperial line for allowing the Sethian Temples to be erected in Darvuun. That is their price. We both know that.”
“The King of the Raak proposes simply this: official recognition by Darvuun of the government of the Empire of the Raak. In return for this, he will take two actions in accordance with the wishes of Darvuun. First, he will withdraw the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade units from the border and pledge not to touch Darvuunian territory. This will permit the Darvuunians to utilize the Fourth Legion against the Draakka. Second, if the Emperor of Darvuun wishes, the Chosen One will send fifty thousand Festering Fist and fifty thousand Crimson Blades into your service. You are between the Raak and a hard place, Sire.”
One of the Generals rose to his feet. He was an older Cavalry Officer who had served the Darvuunian Empire for thirty years. “I beg pardon, Lord Envoy. Surely you are aware of the Treaty of Nova-Primus? We are forbidden by treaty to enter into any alliance with the Raak.”
Scather Bloodhand accepted a lit spliff from Tha-Wal. “Well, Lord General, maybe it time you looked at that Alliance of yours. You are about to get a high hard one right up the ass. If the Draakka don’t screw you over huge, the Osirans will, at a substantial cost. Either way you have few options.”
“As you see it, I suppose,” commented Braz-nur. “You seem to have little faith in the Empire’s Army, Lord Envoy.”
“Not so, Sire. Our agents have reported the extent of the Draakkan advance and what they have done. They have sacked murdered and burned everything they have touched. They take only the food they need, including captives for roasting later and destroying the rest. They are worse than any horde of locusts you have ever seen. They are fucking insane, lead by an ancient wizard-warrior named Mhel-Khur the Immortal who has a few millennia of pent-up rage to get out of his system. You know that, too.”
Scather smiled and puffed his spliff. “Let me be blunt, gentlemen. You have been sitting on the fence since the first Braz-nur took the throne. You worship Seth but have allied with the Osirans against the Raak. We are your brothers in Seth, not your enemies. We do not stand by and do nothing and see our brothers in Shadow destroyed.  It is time for you to take your rightful place with your brothers.” Scather bowed to the table.
Scather motioned to his two companions. “The cause of Seth is fought by many, Sire. Lord Rato-Malcasta of the Axe and Tha-Wal the Mage have offered their services to Darvuun, as they offered them to King Demonax Vilehand.” Scather turned to them and bowed. “The blessings of Seth are with you,” he said with a broad smile. “The blessings of Seth are upon the Empire of Darvuun.” He took three steps back and left the Audience Chamber.
Braz-nur stood and nodded at the dwarf and the gnome. “I will speak to you both again. Wait for me outside. I will call the three of you shortly.” Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta bowed and left the Audience Chamber without saying a word.

Braz-nur sat alone in the Audience Chamber. The Lord Generals had gone to prepare for the battle tomorrow and hopefully to get one last good night’s sleep. He sat alone, smoking a well-rolled spliff of mauve. The Chamberlain showed the three envoys into his tent. “As you requested, Sire.”
“Fine. Leave us.”
The Chamberlain hesitated. He felt uneasy leaving his Emperor alone with such disreputable sorts. “My Lord?”
“I will be fine.” 
The Chamberlain bowed. “As you command, Sire. Good night then.” He backed up three steps then left the tent. He still ordered the doubling of the guard. In some things the Chamberlain would always be the master.
“Pull up a chair,” he said to the three of them.
They sat down and pulled out spliffs of their own. They lit up and relaxed. “Lord Envoy. I must regretfully state that we cannot recognize King Demonax’s government. We are constrained by the Treaty of Nova-Primus in that regard. It must be brought before the Council of Lords. It is not something I can do myself.” Braz-nur took a puff. “However, the day is not done. We will ask you to stay with us awhile, enjoy the battle. You will see how Darvuunians fight. You will be my personal guest.”
“It saddens me, Sire, but I understand your difficulties. I would be honored to stay as your guest, Sire.” Scather butted his half-smoked spliff into the ashtray and stood up. “I have grown fatigued. Maybe a bit of coffee would help.”
“There is always coffee on in the Mess Tent, Envoy.”
“My thanks Sire. I will be available if you wish.” Scather nodded and left the tent. He wondered if he should tell the Emperor that the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade had already been mobilized.
The Emperor nodded to the dwarf “Lord Rato-Malcasta, I have assigned you to be Lord General of the Third Legion Axe. Your five thousand shall be the left flank of the Elite Darvuun. They are the finest heavy infantry in the country.”
Rato-Malcasta rose and bowed to Braz-nur VII. “I thank you, Sire. I shall serve with honor and pledge my life to Darvuun, in the name of Seth.” He accepted the three-sun broach from the Emperor and pinned it above his heart.
Braz-nur turned to Tha-Wal. “I would ask that you work with me directly at the centre. Your unique talents will fill the Draakka with fear and serve us well.”
Tha-Wal smiled and bowed, a cloud of purple smoke momentarily covering his face. He coughed a few times. “I would be honored, Sire.” He took out a small pouch from his breast pocket and dumped a small glowing purple stone into the palm of his fat little hand. He handed it to the Emperor. “This should provide you with a measure of protection from mind magicks.”
Braz-nur looked at the stone for a minute, enjoying the warmth that flowed into his hands. He then tucked it into his inner breast pocket. “I thank you, Sir Gnome. Seth watches over us tomorrow.”
“Praises to Seth,” 

Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal joined Scather at the table in the mess hall with their steaming coffees. It was empty at this hour, except for the server attendant who kept the coffee going and the tables cleaned.
“He’s an idiot,” commented Rato-Malcasta.
“It would seem so,” commented Tha-Wal. “I somehow get the impression he is expecting to get killed. That is not good.”
“I agree,” said Scather. “It is regrettable we did not get here a few days sooner. Fucking bureaucrats and politicians; always playing politics when facing annihilation.”
“Demonax says we need the Darvuunian Army intact,” said Rato-Malcasta. “If Braz-nur has his way the army will be destroyed in a blaze of epic glory.”
“Wonderful,” laughed Scather. “So how do we minimize the damage?”
Rato-Malcasta looked at Tha-Wal and smiled. Scather noticed the smile. He knew they were up to something. Scather looked at Tha-Wal and shook his head.
“Well, we did discuss the possibility that we might have to take some sort of drastic action. We weren’t sure just what,” shrugged a grinning Rato-Malcasta. “I assume you have an idea.”
“We will take out Braz-nur,” said Tha-Wal. “Braz-nur has no brothers, no sons. With his death the Dynasty ends.” 
Rato-Malcasta nodded in agreement. “I will seize the Crown of Darvuun, unilaterally abrogate the Treaty of Alliance and enter into a treaty with the Raak Empire.”
“And how do you propose to do that? It won’t be easy for me to take out Braz-nur without making it look like Demonax is interfering directly in Darvuunian affairs.” Scather was trying to map out the possibilities but it looked grim to do such a thing on short notice.
“Don’t worry. It’s been taken care of,” laughed Tha-Wal as he lit up another spliff. “Then we do the hit.”
“Agreed,” said Scather. “Good luck tomorrow. We must consider some other options.”
The long arrow formation formed up outside of the walls of Kuranas as the sun peeked out over the plains of Virgin Green. It was one huge arrow. The northern arm of the arrowhead consisted of 100,000 warriors of the First Legion of Darvuun. The front line marched forward, a bristling wall of pikes, swords, and axes. Behind them on the north was the First Cavalry, considered to be the finest cavalry in the world. Twenty-five thousand marching horses were clad in Darvuunian chainmail. The riders held their lances erect, proudly displaying their war honors and battle flags. Marching beside them was the First Legion Longbow that also served as light infantry when needed. Behind them all rode the commanders of the First Legion, proudly flying the flags of Darvuun, the Emperor, and their Houses.
The Second Legion took the southern flank. They were quite a bit different, much of their weapons and unit organization were adopted from ancient Kooranians that had once lived in what was now East Darvuun. The bulk of the Second Legion warriors were spearmen clad in red cloaks and feathered headdresses. About a third of them were horse archers and cavalry who kept in the rear waiting for that moment to strike deep and dirty into any hole in the enemy line. The cavalry was divided into five units for that fast strike wherever it would be needed in the line. 
The spearmen were also armed with the vicious scimitar of the steppes and knives they loved to have hanging off every belt or stuck in their boots. Unlike the First Legion, the Second Legion leaders fought in with their men except for Lord General Ben-Kaza who held the middle with a sizable contingent of Thwarbak Axes and Aelan Archers who had joined the Darvuunian cause, the cause of Seth.
Braz-nur VII looked to his immediate left and smiled. The Copulating Rat standard had been raised above the remnants of the Third Darvuunian Heavy Axe. It pleased him to have five thousand heavy-armored axmen on his immediate left. He had confidence in the Temple and their selection of Lord Rato-Malcasta to assist him. It was good to know the Commander had once served as a Minion of Seth.
Lord Rato-Malcasta assigned the Third Darvuunian Archers to his own rear. As to the Third Infantry and Third Cavalry, he had assigned them to Braz-nur’s right between the Second Legion and the center. Rato-Malcasta knew they would be solid. They had seen the results of surrender to the Draakka: flames, impalement, and death. They would be the ones to get their vengeance today. Being surrounded on all sides by Darvuunian Legions would make it less likely they would break.
The tip of the arrow consisted of the heavy-infantry known as the Minions of Hell. Clad in plate armor, they wielded heavy broadswords and crossbows. They were the only warriors permitted to wear the Imperial Purple cloaks of Darvuun. It was they who would stab the Draakka to the heart. They would split the Draakkan line and kill them all.
Braz-nur VII sat atop his war-horse, clad in his battle plate armor, his heavy axe resting on his lap. He wore no helmet other than his crown of black ankhs. His long dark hair was braided with gold thread and hung over his left shoulder. He sat at the centre of the arrow with his signaler, ten personal guards, and Tha-Wal.        
“The sun is in our eyes. Can you do something about that?” asked Braz-nur.
“The sun?” Tha-Wal laughed and lit a spliff. He thought about for a moment. “Yeah, I think I might have something for you.” He slid off his pony and looked at the long line of Draakkan spears in the distance. There were a lot of pissed off Draakka out there with a real hate-on for gnomes. If they ever caught him, he would be ant bait. Honey and fire ants was a truly unpleasant way to go.
Tha-Wal motioned the warriors away from him, took out his wand and inscribed a six-foot circle on the ground. He measured out three equal points on the circle and drew a perfect triangle inside. He set a small bowl of water inside the triangle and stepped back. He took out his water skin and wet his hands. He began to speak in the ancient tongue of his people. “Bearer of Life, in all that lives and will ever live. Soul of the world, I have need of thee.” He cast a handful of water into the circle and waited.
Steam rose from the bowl. It bubbled and churned for a few moments. Then the water rose from the bowl and grew in size as it sucked the moisture from the air to itself. It looked like a rolling wave with hands. Dark green eyes floated around together in the water. It was a bit disconcerting to see eyes wander around like that.
“Holy shit,” slurped the wave-with-eyes. “Talk about dry around here.” He looked around and noticed the gnome calmly smoking a spliff. “Aaah, Tha-Wal, it has been some time,” It gurgled and laughed.
“It has been a few years, old friend,” Tha-Wal replied. “We have a problem you can help us with.”
“And what’s in it for me?” The wave sloshed and gurgled.
“Take all the Draakka you want. We need rain.”
“I’ll say you do. It’s drier than a fucken bone around here. Draakka, eh? That will be a rare treat indeed.” The elemental wave rippled with laughter. “Sure, why not?” Tha-Wal opened the circle with his foot and the elemental burst free into the sky.
Tha-Wal and Braz-nur watched the creature fly upward, spewing a stream of cloudy mist as he soared. The sky filled with clouds to the east, white billowing clouds, the fluffy kind. The elemental creature weaved back and forth across the sky for about a minute or so. Then a blast of black lightning exploded from the rear of the Draakkan lines. It streaked up from the ground like an arrow and blasted the wave-with-eyes into a fog. It did not even have time to scream. 
“So much for rain,” commented Braz-nur dryly.
“I didn’t expect it anyway. I knew Mhel-Khur would do that. We got a cloudy day, at least.” Tha-Wal shrugged and butted his spliff. He picked up his bowls and put them back in the saddlebags.
“Isn’t that wave creature going to be pissed?” asked Braz-nur nodding up at the sky.
“I wouldn’t want to be a Draakkan the next time he comes back.” Tha-Wal smiled.
“Speaking of, let’s kick some Dark Elvin ass.”
The Draakkan line of pikes spread out over the plain in rather unruly squares facing the length of the Darvuunian line. Unlike the Darvuunians, they still had a reserve legions in the rear. This was going to be a classic set piece battle, with the finest player taking the day. The one who could play the game the best, feint; counter-feint, thrust and parry would win the day. 
The Draakka impressed Tha-Wal as a morbid people. There were no colors in their battle flags. They were black with white unit sigils, nothing else. The lightest color anywhere was a dark brown. There didn’t seem to be much joy in those ebony features, seared by millennia of necromancy and corruption. They had become as dark and dismal as the arcane caves they inhabited for those many centuries. They were burned deep by the hate that possessed their very beings. They thirsted for a vengeance nurtured for ten millennia in the land of ice.
There was only one major difference between the structures of the armies that faced one another. The Draakka had no cavalry. That did not surprise anyone. It would have been impossible to support such huge creatures on what they had to live on in the icy underground lairs in Elfbjorn. What they lacked in cavalry, they compensated in insanity, a maniacal thirst for death and destruction. Their intense training and endurance would serve them well here.
 Like two ponderous beasts, the armies closed the distance between themselves, slowly picking up speed, howling in rage and the ecstatic joy of combat. There was the clash of steel on steel, the pounding of heavy boots on the once beautiful Virgin Green.
The Darvuunian arrow pierced the Draakkan line at the center. At the moment of contact, the Draakkan center peeled away, curling out to smash the sides of the stabbing tip of the Minions of Hell. A roar rose from the Draakkan throats. Up through the center came the Berserkers. Clad merely in tie-dye breechcloths of brown and black, they whirled wicked serrated scimitars over their heads, and shrieked their desire to kill, maim, and rip to pieces all that stood against them. Braz-nur and his elite stood facing these nutcases and he knew his day was going to suck.
The First Legion Archers showered the front lines of the Draakka with a volley of nasty, barbed arrows. They concentrated them on a few areas in an attempt to blast open a few holes in the lines. Draakkan spears fell to the barrage, but the line was shored up as quickly as they fell. There was no shortage of those willing to die for Immortal Mhel-Khur.
The Darvuunians fired a second volley as the First Cavalry charged out from around the northern edge of the infantry line, striking at the northern flanks of the Draakkan infantry. At the moment when they closed on the Draakka, the location of their archers became apparent. Tens of thousands of black shafts hissed over the Draakkan infantry into the Darvuunian Cavalry. The Darvuunian Archers immediately responded with two volleys into the suspected positions of the Draakkan archers.
The Darvuunian Cavalry charged into the Draakkan lines. Lances tore into the lightly armored infantry. Hooves ripped open heads and savage teeth ripped off arms and ears. After the initial charge, the horsemen flailed into the Draakkan warriors with morning stars and maces, splitting open a huge swath. The Darvuunian First Cavalry wheeled about at the sound of the conch. They would try to roll up the northern exposed units of the Draakka that they had pushed out of the way. They died.
The reserve Draakkan archers had pushed forward from their back position at the moment when the Cavalry appeared to the north and had been waiting for them, lying on the grass behind the lines. When the Darvuunians whirled about to finish off the Draakka, they rose from the ground and blasted the Darvuunian horsemen with a series of withering point-blank volleys. The First Legion Cavalry ceased to exist within minutes. Those who survived the arrows were cut down by the spearmen fighting to shore up the line cut open by the cavalry. Over twenty thousand Darvuunians died, along with their horses. The Draakka would dine well tonight.
Lord Rato-Malcasta advanced the Third Darvuunian Axe into the northern pincer movement of the Draakkan trying to make way for the charging Berserkers. The dwarf noticed the heavy armor of the Draakkan infantry in front of him and laughed. Chain armor would matter little to his axmen. The rectangular shields might be more problematic. He ordered his archers to keep tight behind him as he closed on the Draakkan swordsmen wearing the lively and wonderfully black-on-black livery of the Draakkan Heavy Infantry. Heavy black masks hid their faces.
Rato-Malcasta closed rapidly. He took point, a few good axes on both side of him and his signalman to his rear. Just before contact, he turned to the signalman and nodded once. The conch sounded. The Third Legion Archers fired two rapid volleys into the rear of the Draakkan units directly facing Rato-Malcasta. The shafts hissed over a surprised Draakkan front. They had placed their heaviest armored warriors on the front lines and the light infantry just behind in order to protect them from the first clash. It did not protect them from the wave of barbed shafts. It shook them a bit.
The Third Darvuunian Axe hit the lines. Axes ripped at the shields opening holes that enabled them to hurl through hatchets and other assorted hand axes at point blank range into the Draakkan warriors. Draakkan swords and spears clanged off the heavy Darvuunian plate armor.
Rato-Malcasta pulled aside a shield with his spiked gauntlet and took off the arm of the dark elf with a simple one-handed chop. He roared with laughter when the Draakkan shrieked in horror. He shoved aside the screaming fool and crushed another Draakkan head with the flat of his glowing axe. 
Another volley of Darvuunian arrows sowed more confusion in the ranks. Immediately after firing that last volley, the Archer units flung up their shields for the inevitable retaliation by the Draakka.
A Draakkan volley rained down into the Darvuunian ranks, right on time. Few were killed or hurt. They did not retaliate, but waited for the signal from Rato-Malcasta. Let the enemy wonder.
Meanwhile, Rato-Malcasta chopped his way through the line, his bodyguard struggling to keep up with his furious pace. Suddenly there was an opening in the lines. The Draakkan Commander stood no more than fifty feet away, his sword held loosely at his side. Rato-Malcasta turned to his signaler and nodded twice. There were two blasts from the conch. A few seconds later five thousand shafts poured into the area in a huge path that walked a straight line away from his units.
The arrows carpeted the area surrounding the Draakkan commander. When the last arrow had landed, no one remained standing in that killing zone. Lord Rato-Malcasta and the Third Darvuunian Axe shattered the front line of the Draakkan advance. Rato-Malcasta laughed at the blood and bodies, and then took a quick look around the battlefield.
In the Darvuunian center, the Darvuunian Minions of Hell mowed down the shrieking Berserkers with one rank volley after another. Still, they came on, shrieking and howling, oblivious to the death and murderous rain of crossbow quarrels from the human ranks. When they realized that this would not break the berserkers, they slung their crossbows and charged with bare steel into them. 
It took major damage to slow down the Berserker’s charge. The Darvuunian line almost buckled under the weight of their bodies as more than a few broke through. Their incredible discipline plugged the holes and held the line.
Braz-nur VII rose in his stirrups and roared, “FOR SETH!!” They pushed back the Draakka, climbing over the bodies of the dead as they pushed them back.
Braz-nur VII could see the advancing Imperial Elite of Mhel-Khur behind the Berserkers, or what was left of them. That was what he had been looking for. Less than two hundred casualties so far was not much to get rid of the Berserkers. 
The Second Legion to the south did not make the errors of the First. They advanced slowly; exchanging volleys of arrows that did little other than annoy the hell out of everyone. The clash was cautious, a search for a weakness that had little success for either one of the commanders. The lines pushed back and forth without anything decisive being done. In a brief flurry, the Draakkan archers managed to catch a contingent of Second Legion Cavalry out in the open and annihilated them. Three thousand Darvuunians died with that error.
Lord Rato-Malcasta turned south and charged into the mangled flank of the Draakkan Berserkers. The Third Darvuunian Axe pivoted ninety degrees at the sound of three conch blasts and charged. To his left, the First Legion Infantry dashed up to hold the ground Rato-Malcasta had gained.
The Berserkers charge was a thing of history and legend. They refused to surrender or retreat. So, they snuffed it. Then Rato-Malcasta and his axes smashed into the Immortals, Mhel-Khur’s finest.
The Immortals fought a different kind of war. Unlike other elves, they used thick short swords designed to thrust through a nasty shield wall. They were all clad in plated chainmail from head-to-foot. Now they found themselves facing a flanking attack from the Darvuunian Third Axe and Braz-nur’s Minions of Hell.
The Darvuunian Minions smashed up against the shield wall, trying to beat through with simple brute force. Still, the Draakka advanced against the less organized Darvuunian troops, pushing them back ever so slowly.
“Damn,” muttered Braz-nur VII as he watched his charge blunted and then grind to a halt. He turned to the gnome. “Mage Tha-Wal, take out the center. We need to slow them down and poke a hole.”
Tha-Wal whipped out his sling and set a blue stone in its pocket. He whirled the long sling over his head faster and faster, until it was a blur. Then he snapped off a shot, hurling it a hundred paces into the rear ranks of Mhel-Khur’s Elite troops. The stone clanged off a helmet and exploded into a ball of red and green flames. Screams of agony rose from the fried elves as burning bodies were hurled into the air. Tha-Wal let two more stones fly. The second one landed a little short, blowing a thirty-foot hole in the lines killing Darvuunians and Draakka alike.
“Ooops,” shrugged the gnome. “Sorry about that.” 
Braz-nur VII shrugged. “Seth grants you a sure eye, most of the time.”
Elements of the Draakkan Elite carrying the standard of Mhel-Khur himself advanced into the breach. A bolt of black and blue lightning arced out from the Draakkan lines trying to blast open a hole in front of the Darvuunian Emperor’s finest troops.  Tha-Wal deflected the black lightening skyward at the last minute.
Rato-Malcasta’s axmen smashed through the shield wall and hurled throwing axes into the elite’s faces. The Draakkans staggered under the assault, but quickly recovered. Rato-Malcasta knew his five thousand, now likely four thousand, would not long be able to stand out here with their asses hanging out. He turned to his signaler and held up three fingers. 
Two more blasts of lightning exploded into the front of the Darvuunian line. Rato-Malcasta knew the Emperor was in trouble. Three blasts and the Third Axe broke off the battle and retreated back through gaps provided in the lines of the Minions of Hell. Once through the line, they swept left and charged up to take the center of the arrow.
The Third Darvuunian Axe charged into the gap and stunned the Draakka by throwing them back despite the threat of further blasts of lightning. Rato-Malcasta saluted Braz-nur VII as he charged by with his men. He was covered in blood, but the Emperor knew from the smile on Rato-Malcasta’s face that none of it was his own. 
Braz-nur raised his standard to rally his men.
Another bolt of lightning exploded in the air over the head of the Emperor, driving everyone to ground for fear of a permanent suntan. Tha-Wal threw himself into the dirt, taking this opportunity to fling a small stone from inside his sleeve at Braz-nur. The stone hit the Emperor while everyone was recovering from the lightning strike, triggering off the blue gem in the Emperor’s pocket.
Braz-nur blew up. His chest exploded, blowing a fist-sized hole through his chest, and armor, and hurling him from his horse. He landed on his back bouncing twice before the Crown rolled free and into the dirt.
Tha-Wal raced over to the smoldering body and checked him out. Most of the face was scorched away, down to the bone. The bodyguards were in shock, so said nothing. All they remembered was the explosions. “He is dead,” he said to the signaler. 
The signaler sounded three long blasts, twice. When Rato-Malcasta heard the conch, he knew it was over. They could not beat the Draakka today. He ordered the archers to begin to cover the retreat and signaled them men to break off the attack. He withdrew to the place where they were preparing to remove the Emperor’s body from the field of battle. It was there he met the gnome and a few officers.
“The bastard took him out with a lucky shot,” reported Tha-Wal.
“Bastards,” cursed Rato-Malcasta loudly. “BASTARDS!” He scooped up the crown from the ground and looked around at the warriors around him. He stuffed it into his shirt. “Sound General Withdraw,” Rato-Malcasta ordered the herald. A squad of Minions retrieved the fallen Emperor’s body and sped back to the city. The archers covered the advance to the rear with steady volleys until eventually the Darvuunians fought their way off the battlefield. The Draakka let them go, jeering and laughing, smashing their shields with swords and spears.
And so perished the imperial line of Braz-nur VII. The dynasty that Rato-Malcasta had helped to preserve so long ago had died today on the battlefield. The people wailed, the troops wept. The Dynasty and the Emperor was gone. They were faced with total disaster. The enemy was beyond the gates and there was nowhere for them to go.
Lord Rato-Malcasta stood before the Council of Lord-Generals two hours later, the crown of Darvuun clutched tightly in his right hand. He had come directly from the battlefield directly full of righteous rage. His cloak, his armor, his axe was still stained and torn. These Lord-Generals had just put Braz-nur VII on the Throne of Darvuun only a year ago. There were no heirs. There was no claimant to the throne. They had all been eliminated. Now a outside claimant by the most ancient rite stood before them with the crown in his hand. A dwarf was claiming the throne of Darvuun.
High Priest Garth of the Temple of Seth rose and looked out over the collected Lords of the Realm, at least those alive and influential to matter. They looked at each other and said nothing. No one was sure if he wanted to be the one responsible for the disaster that was unfolding outside of these walls. Despair filled the room.
Garth set his mace down on the table in front of him after a few minutes. “By the most ancient rite and circumstance, Lord Rato-Malcasta lays claim to the Crown of Darvuun. Are there any who would say nay?” No one spoke. “Then all hail Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun!” 
Rato-Malcasta sat the Crown of Darvuun on his head and then took his seat at the head of the table. “Okay Lords and Ladies, we are in deep shit.” He set his axe down on the table in front of him and pulled out a spliff. A servant instantly appeared with a candle to light him up. He nodded. He could get to like this Emperor thing. He took a long puff and then blew out of few smoke rings. “I have an idea.”
 




CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic, and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary, it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind. Failure makes people cruel and bitter.
-W. Somerset Maugham

Rato-Malcasta did not wait long to assert his leadership. Before the soldiers could get used to the idea of defeat, the new Emperor rounded up those who had fought directly with him in the battle and gathered them together inside the East Gate. In the middle of the night, his units led by him personally sneaked out the city and across the plains. Then the Darvuunians spread out in small units and attacked. In a dozen strong probes, Darvuunians fired crossbows into the Draakkan outer patrols, slipped into the tent lines and hurled small clay jars of burning oil onto the canvas. 
The Draakkans had been drinking hard and dining on enemy flesh. They had not expected the beaten enemy to strike back. The rage and fear that had almost overwhelmed the Darvuunians was gone, replaced with a desire to kill and burn.  Small units infiltrated the tent lines and wrought havoc. Hundreds of dark elves were axed to death without even drawing out their weapons.   
Out in the darkness, Rato-Malcasta, Scather, and Tha-Wal rode with one of the teams, doing their best to harass the Draakka. Tha-Wal was laughing as he waved his pudgy fingers in front of him while bouncing around on his pony. Then they found a small depression to hide behind and the gnome slid from his horse. 
“Cover me,” said the gnome. The squad stretched out around them on the grass as Tha-Wal began another incantation. An explosion of red light lit up the area fifty feet if front of him. When the blast of light cleared, a huge roaring red dragon spat flame into the air. It was over fifty feet long, covered in glowing red scales that cast off a searing heat close to them. The grass turned black where it walked. Its eyes were reptilian yellow that seeped small tears of fire. It looked around for a moment, and then launched itself into the sky swooping along the grass towards the Draakkan tents.
The Draakkan troops saw the dragon soaring down on them and panicked. They flung away their spears and swords and ran shrieking into the rear. Scather concentrated for a moment, then vanished from sight. He dashed across the clearing and slipped into the panicking Draakka amid the chaos created by Tha-Wal’s marauding phantasmal dragon. 
Rato-Malcasta directed volleys of arrows from the darkness from a unit of Darvuunian horse-archers that were constantly moving and firing, cutting down any Draakkan soldiers fleeing from the dragon. Tha-Wal’s great red dragon hit the ground running, stomping slow soldiers and breathing gouts of fire that scattered hundreds of Draakkan troops. The gnome was having the time of his life guiding his phantasm as it wreaked havoc on the dark elves. 
Amid the chaos, Scather wove his way in and out of the fleeing bodies, silently giggling at their eyes, wide with fear and terror. He avoided touching any of them. The last thing he needed was for any of them to catch sight of him or detect something weird, not that a rampaging dragon was not weird enough. 
Scather heard a roar behind him, a huge explosion. He stopped for a moment and glanced behind him. The explosion was where he had last seen Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal. The ground was writhing in flames that blasted out from the impact point. If they were there, they were in deep shit.  The red dragon winked out of existence. That was a bad sign.
The Draakkan commanders reacted quickly to the vanishing dragon, beating order back into the panicking troops with swords, clubs, and threats. It had been an illusion. It was embarrassing.  A few of the minor magicians blasted magical bolts into the night sky and soon the rout was halted. By this time, Scather had penetrated into the back lines. 
Scather walked slowly and steadily, concentrating on remaining invisible. He could feel the long slow drain on his energy and wished he had the time for a spliff. Although he was clad as a Draakkan warrior under his black suit, he doubted the disguise would last him very long. It was one thing to look the part, but he had no idea how to act and spoke little of their language. They were truly an unknown people.
Scather calmly passed small clumps of training Draakka, and those who were partying over campfires. The bodies of Darvuunian warriors turned slowly on black iron spits seasoned with butter and herbs, baked in a thick layer of clay. He had seen similar thing in the Raak lands in his youth, so it didn’t bother him too much. Now that he was inside their lines it was tempting to drop the invisibility, but he still did not trust his ability to get to Mhel-Khur that way.
He stopped for a moment to get his bearings, spotted the knoll and headed directly for it. By the time he reached the knoll, he was gaining confidence. He knew that knoll well, as did many assassins from Kuranas. For years it had been used as a common meeting point for clandestine trading by the criminal underworld, a secret market for mauve and uncut gems from the Raak and weapons and tooled metal from the Darvuunians. 
Scather had finalized that last deal for mauve right here the night before Anza Tolchak had been killed. Scather reached the bottom of the knoll and slowly walked around it until he found the familiar assassin signs. He then slipped through the brush, leaping softly from stone to stone on the hidden pathway to the top. Halfway up, he studied the top of the knoll’s crater lip. He could make out the line of dark silhouettes, Mhel-Khur’s Immortals silently staring off into the darkness and down the slopes of the knoll. He continued up the hidden pathway of stones until he made it to the top and stared down into the oasis below. 
In the sunken oasis, the tents of the Draakka ringed the ancient well. There were three tents, the largest one had its walls rolled open and was teeming with warriors, messengers, and generals. Next to the well, in an ancient fire pit, females were watching three spits and turning them slowly over the fire. They were the first females of their race that Scather had ever seen. They were gorgeous, exotic, perfectly shaped, clad in very little but gauzy blue shifts. Their luxurious silver hair flowed unbound over their shoulders. Their eyes were full, but slanted upward. He sighed.
The other two tents were very different. One was austere black, the other one dark blue and covered with silver stars. In front of the dark blue one stood two Immortals with halberds crossed over each other. That had to be Mhel-Khur’s, thought Scather. The simple black one likely belonged to the High Priest although he was not sure who or what they worshipped. He knew it was not Seth, the fucking heretics.
While he was taking this all in, the Big Kahuna strolled down into the clearing from the north. Scather had no doubt this was Mhel-Khur. Everyone else was bowing and scraping, sucking up like crazy.
“Fucking fools!” cursed Mhel-Khur, as he threw his hands up in disgust. A lackey handed him a goblet and bowed. “Hundreds killed by a damned illusion. Morons and dicks.” He took a mouthful from the goblet, then immediately spewed it over the lackey. “This is fucking cold.”  He threw the goblet of blood to the ground. “Get fresh, now. If not it will be yours.” He stormed into the meeting tent flinging his arms high in frustration. “I am surrounded by assholes!”
Scather almost laughed out loud. He hoped Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta had managed to escape that blast. He suspected they had, or Mhel-Khur would not be so pissed. Scather backed down from the lip of the knoll and felt his way along the third rock. His fingers found the indentation where his fingers gripped the stone and slid the mossy slab away, revealing a dark hole in the ground. Scather sat on the edge of the hole and slowly lowered himself down the ladder cut into the rock. 
Scather stopped a few rungs down and slid the stone back over his head, sealing himself in the darkness. A few steps down the ladder and he felt the sandy floor under his boots. He let his invisibility drop and took a deep breath. Scather oriented himself then headed by touch down the long sloping hallway towards the center of the knoll. He reached the end of the hallway, a small open chamber where he found a stack of torches piled at his feet. He lit one with his spliff-lighter gem and waited for it to burn evenly before he walked around the room studying the walls. 
A simple desk and chairs and cooking pit were on one wall. Near the next wall sat a simple desk and chair. He stopped and lit the candles on the desk. He wiped away the dust. No one had been here in years. He found the two looped handles in the wall. He checked to make sure they were loose enough. Satisfied, he sat down at the desk and took the time to smoke a spliff. Everything was as he had seen it last. Pity, it meant that none of the old guild had survived. This place was forgotten now.
After about a half hour, Scather put out the torch and blew out the candles. He took a deep breath and pulled slowly on the handles. The heavy wood panel slid away. Scather took a moment to go invisible again, and then peeked up into the well. The handholds were still there. Fresh spring water bubbled ten feet below his hole and the night sky opened up twenty feet above him. The bucket was sitting on the edge, the long rope still attached.
Scather had always liked this bolt hole. No one other than him and Zaburo knew of this one now. Anza Tolchak’s guild had constructed this hidden route, and they were seventy years dead. It always allowed for spectacular entrances and departures, necessary when doing the truly cutthroat business they conducted on the frontier. At least it had been the frontier in their day.
Scather checked himself over to make sure his boot and wrist stilettos were ready and unhooked. Three throwing stars were hooked onto his armor under each arm for those special moments. Three of the six tips of each one were coated in a nasty paralysis poison for which he had gulped the antidote earlier. He checked to ensure Nightwind was secured over his right shoulder and unhooked from his belt on the left side. It would give him the chance to draw and strike with demonic speed. He checked his belt garrote, okay. He removed a small pouch from his belt, took out a small clay ball and set inside his cheek. It tasted of cinnamon.
Scather slid out through the small door feet first until they found the familiar spots in the stones inside the well. He pulled himself closed the small door out and then slowly climbed up the shaft. He could hear the voices above him and he slowed his climb, each step gentle and sure. Even after all those years, the path was still there, a bit damp maybe, but still there. Finally, he peered out over the edge of the well.
There was still a lot of activity near the meeting tent, but that would make it all the easier to move without being heard. In front of Mhel-Khur’s tent, the guards looked relaxed, confident that their master was safe in this place. Stupid assumption, he thought with a smile. Scather leaped out of the well and landed softly on the stones. He froze and held his breath. No one had noticed or heard a thing.
Scather kept to the stones and managed to slip passed the two guards, taking up a position beside the flaps of the tent. He breathed slowly and evenly, waiting. The warriors gave off the scent of cinnamon, he noticed. He hoped their sense of smell was not as good as his. He dare not open the flaps himself without giving himself away. 
A few minutes later, a gorgeous Draakkan woman walked up to the guards and bowed. She was careful not to spill her tray of decanters and goblets. They passed her into the tent, opening the flaps for her. She carried the steaming tray of mulled blood with the finesse of a Darvuunian barmaid. He could smell the pungent aroma as she glided by him. She was close enough to kiss. He slipped in behind her before the flap shut. He took a few steps inside and crouched next to the tent wall.
Scather watched her set up the decanters on the desk and then dust off the night table. She loaded up his hookah with some kind of herb. She bowed to his table and then left out through the flaps. He heard her speak softly with the guards for a minute or two, a few soft giggles, then she was gone.
Scather breathed slowly and made his way around the tent until he was behind the desk. He crouched; his hands still free of weapons, and waited. Ah, waiting, the essence of his trade. Until that critical moment when everything explodes, one waits. It was the ultimate skill required by assassin. Then the deed is done or not done and you are dead or you are not dead. It was the ultimate orgasm. Well, maybe better than that.
He studied the inside of the tent. It was rather austere for a king. There was nothing more than a bed, a desk, a night table. A footlocker at the foot of his bed was closed, but other than that, nothing. He thought about the footlocker for a moment. Probably booby-trapped, he thought.  It was a matter-of-fact functional quarters, nothing more. No battle flags, family crests, or heraldry. No tapestries with heroic deeds of the past or great battles. It was eerie. Scather crouched and waited.
Mhel-Khur stormed into the tent, muttering under his breath. He tossed his cloak over the chair and plopped down. He was imposing, even for an elf. His skin was absolute black, his hair and beard albino white. It was a hard face that seemed to be carved from wet obsidian. “Damned fools,” he muttered as he poured himself a big goblet of mulled blood. He drained it with one long chug-a-lug and slammed the goblet down on the table.
After a few moments, Mhel-Khur sighed and pulled off his heavy boots. He rubbed his toes for a bit, restoring the circulation. Scather crouched almost within touching. That scent of reeking cinnamon made the feet all the more gross. That alone almost justified killing him. 
Scather could feel the energy from Mhel-Khur. He could sense great power that seemed to crackle from Mhel-Khur’s body. He was too alert, too pissed off for him to take him out now. The smallest sound and he would likely blast Scather into small pieces of charred meat. He breathed slower, mostly because of the feet, and waited.
Finally the Draakkan king got up and ambled over to the bed of piled furs. “Assholes,” he muttered. He dropped onto his face still fully clothed and in no time at all was breathing regularly. Scather crept out from the wall of the tent, his left hand taking the hilt of Nightwind firmly. He breathed out slowly and smoothly drew Nightwind. Holding his black sword high, he took two huge steps to the side of the bed.  
Mhel-Khur rolled over onto his back, his hands thrust out before him, crackling with black fire. For a moment he was confused. There was no one there. How could there be? His tent was warded against magic. Still, he knew someone was here.
Scather let loose a blast of mental force; a mental sledgehammer at point-blank range. Mhel-Khur heard the whistle of a sword. At the last moment of his life, Scather shimmered into view beside him, a black shadow with eyes of stone. His sword was a black streak arching out over his shoulder. 
At the same time, Scather crushed the ball in his mouth and spewed out a cloud of metal dust and shavings into the Draakkan king’s eyes. He pounced onto the bed, straddling Mhel-Khur. Nightwind pared through the arcane chain armor Mhel-Khur wore under his robes, shearing through his collarbone and deep into his chest. At the same moment, Scather sprang a wrist knife and drove it under Mhel-Khur’s chin. He rode the body down to the bed as he pulled Nightwind free for another strike. It would not be needed.
Scather froze atop the body and listened intently. Every nerve and sense was more alive than ever before. There were no sounds. He couldn’t believe it! The perfect hit! He leaned back and slid his dagger out of Mhel-Khur’s chin, wiping it clean on the furs. He snapped it back onto his wrist. He looked down at the fearsome Draakkan Overlord in wonder. What was it like to live for thousands of years, to nurture hatred so long that all light was gone? 
Scather shrugged. One chop of Nightwind took the head, and then he climbed off the corpse. He was soaked in dark red Draakkan blood. He plopped the head in a leather sack he had brought and headed to the door flaps of the tent. He was exhausted. He wondered whether he would make it to the well. 
Scather shimmered from sight again and slid out through the flaps of the tent.  He slipped by Mhel-Khur’s guards, padding softly towards the well. Four guards were sipping mulled-blood by the fire. Without hesitation, he padded quickly over to the well and slid over the side into the wet darkness. He climbed down quickly and tossed the bag into small hole. He swung inside and dropped to the sand. He lost hold of his invisibility as he slumped against the wall. “Damn,” he whispered as he recovered his breath.
Scather replaced the panel and stripped off his clothes. He wiped the blood from his skin and changed into the Draakkan disguise he had been wearing earlier. Messengers seemed to have reasonably easy times getting around, so he would be a Messenger, as long as no one talked to him. He wrapped the head in another leather messenger bag and headed back up the tunnel. He climbed out into the night air and replaced the stone. Who knows, he thought, he might need this one again one day. Scather retreated down the side of the knoll and into the Draakkan lines. He shimmered into nothing and sped through the night.
Scather marched up to the East Gate, his leather bag casually over his shoulder and smoking a spliff. The Gate was ajar, despite the Draakka being a short distance away. He still wore the clothing of a Draakkan Messenger, but was wiping away the Draakkan face paint. It would be nice to get out of these clothes and into a hot bath.
Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal stood with the Darvuunian Generals outside of the gate surveying the field before them. They were chatting and sipping wine. They stopped talking when Scather appeared out of the shadows. It was apparent that the Generals were a bit worried and on edge. The guards snapped up their crossbows.
“Relax,” ordered Rato-Malcasta impatiently. “He’s one of ours.”
Scather strolled up out of the shadows and bowed to Emperor Rato-Malcasta. He set the bag down in front of Darvuun’s Emperor. “The head of Mhel-Khur the Immortal, sire. Consider this a gift from the Empire of the Raak and King Demonax Vilehand.”
Rato-Malcasta knelt down and opened the bag. He dumped the head out onto the sand and laughed. The head of Mhel-Khur the Immortal, King of the Draakka was staring up at him. He stood up and looked around at the Generals. “Tomorrow we will finish this war with the Draakka. We will scatter the bastards to the four winds.” He looked down at the head for a while, then at Scather Bloodhand. “You must be fatigued.”
“Aye, sire. That I am.” Scather smiled. “I could use a spliff, though.” 
Rato-Malcasta looked at his Generals. “As of this moment, we are no longer of the Alliance. The Treaty is void. We move against the Draakka tomorrow and against Soulbright when we are done. We know who our friends are, do we not? Lord Bloodhand, inform King Demonax Vilehand we accept his offer of alliance. We are brothers in Seth.”
None of the Generals could argue what had happened. The Alliance had left them out to dry. It had cost them the life of the last Braz-nur Emperor of Darvuun. The Raak had come to them, extending a hand of friendship and the head of Mhel-Khur the Immortal. All of a sudden things were different. Who could have imagined they would war with the Raak as allies instead as enemies?
“The Festering Fist and Crimson Blade have been moving for three days, Sire. They will meet you on the Plains of Leerzej. Until then, fare thee well.” Scather Bloodhand bowed and entered the embassy for a good night’s rest. In the morning he was gone.
Rato-Malcasta turned to High Priest Garth. “Tell the people about our alliance with the Raak. You are not to speak of Mhel-Khur’s head. They need not know, yet.”
The High Priest Garth nodded and smiled. It was true that Seth had brought this Rato-Malcasta to the people of Darvuun. The return of the Vilehand to Gaathmargh was truly momentous. The assassination of Mhel-Khur the Immortal was wondrous. He was pleased Seth had given him the chance to see this great day. “It will be as you command, Sire.”
Emperor Rato-Malcasta stepped out through the Gate the moment the sun rose over Virgin Green. Before him on the plain were the Imperial Legions of Darvuun, cavalry, axes, archers, and infantry. Everything was precise and ready, silent except for the occasional curses of sergeants. A slow cheer rose from the citizens lining the walls of Kuranas when the Emperor mounted, waved, then casually lit up a spliff. The cheers grew louder when the Vilehand Elite paraded out and flanked the Elite Darvuun who served as the Emperor’s bodyguard. 
It had been a day of momentous changes. Only yesterday the Priests had proclaimed a new Emperor. Emperor Rato-Malcasta took the throne. This morning the Priests had announced the breaking with the Alliance and a new pact with King Demonax Vilehand of the Raak. Today they would face the Draakka. Now they were scared to death. A mile from these walls was death, death as it had been for tens of thousands in the towns and villages ravaged by this scourge. All that was between them and death, a thin line of armor and swords lead by an untried Emperor. They might as well cheer. If he screwed up they were all dead.   
The Darvuunian troops stood confidently, smiling in the fresh morning breeze. There was a slight scent of something burning. Only this morning the Generals had told their commanders what they had seen the night before. The head of Mhel-Khur the Immortal slain by an assassin Scather Bloodhand, Envoy of King Demonax Vilehand of the Raak, had been handed to the new Emperor of Darvuun. Scather had strolled out of the darkness and dumped the head in front of the Emperor. Mhel-Khur the Immortal King of the Draakka was dead.
The soldiers knew it as they took up positions on the field. They were ecstatic. The people of the city were not, but they did not know what was inside the leather bag hanging from the pommel of the Emperor’s war-horse. 
They could see the heavy battle-axe hooked over Rato-Malcasta’s back and the sunlight glittering from his chainmail and crown. He was flanked on either side with two columns of plated warriors, ten Elite Darvuun and Elite Vilehand on each side. He rode slowly across to the center of the line as the Darvuunians cheered and pounded the ground with their heavy boots.
Emperor Rato-Malcasta turned and nodded to the Bodyguard. He then slowly continued on his warhorse through the lines. Two Raak and two Darvuunian guards flanked Rato-Malcasta unfurling white parley flags atop their lances. It would be a perfect place to put an end to all of this. Rato-Malcasta stopped about half way and waited. He watched the silently fluttering Draakkan banners while he smoked a long spliff and sat there silently.
About ten minutes later, a delegation from the Draakka appeared. Three Draakkan Generals marched out flanked by a dozen archers. A flag-bearer carried a parley flag before them. Rato-Malcasta slid down from his horse and motioned the others to do the same. He turned to them. “If you draw a weapon without my command, I will kill you myself. Make no mistakes.”
He strode forward alone and met the Draakkan General under the Draakkan flag of truce. He was the prime of his evil race, hard and chiseled, sharp beard, eyebrows, and ears. His eyes burned blue. When he smiled, polished teeth glittered. His long white hair was taken back in a single braid. 
“I am First Lord Vik-Dekot of the Empire of Elfbjorn,” said the Draakkan. “You have asked for the Flag of Truce. We have answered.” He looked at the dwarf and grinned. ”To be honest, we would rather just get on with it, unless you are here to give up.”
Rato-Malcasta looked into the sky and breathed in the morning air. “It is a fine day to die, is it not? Let me introduce myself. I am Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun.”
“So it is true. Braz-nur bought it. That has us a bit puzzled. The Immortal says he didn’t do it. And you have Raak with you, Vilehand, no less. Hmmm.” He stroked his goatee.
“A sign of changing times, First Lord. We have asked to speak with you, to avoid any unnecessary bloodshed.” Rato-Malcasta pulled out a spliff and lit it with the butt of the first.
“Easy enough. Evacuate every person from the eastern shores of the Yax within two days. Any in our territory after that will be killed. In twenty-four hours we will destroy Kuranas and everyone in it.” The Draakka smiled.
“Actually,” said Rato-Malcasta, “I thought maybe we could put a different spin on things. More like, you will commence an immediate withdraw from all Darvuunian territory to begin within an hour. Within three days the Fourth Legion and a Legion of Raak Troops will join us here”
The First Lord laughed. “A legion of Raak troops? You are kidding? Somehow I doubt that.”
“I guess that isn’t enough of an incentive.” Rato-Malcasta shook his head. He walked back to his horse and unhooked the bag. He loosened the drawstrings and walked back to the First Lord. “You know, I almost hate to do this.” He chuckled and dumped the head onto the wet grass in front of First Lord Vik-Dekot. It rolled out and stopped face up. 
Vik-Dekot knelt slowly and picked up the head. He looked at it carefully. “Shit!” He did not know what to do. He tried hard to maintain his demeanor but Rato-Malcasta could see the fear.
“So what’s on his mind today?” laughed Rato-Malcasta. He could see the Draakkan General was shaken, almost shattered. 
“This is a foul stunt for which you will die painfully…”
“Fuck right off! It is no stunt and you know it. In one hour I will attack. In the name of Seth I command you, withdraw.” Rato-Malcasta returned to his horse and left them standing there with the head of Mhel-Khur the Immortal in their hands. “One hour,” he said before he turned and galloped back to his men.
When he returned to the lines, he commanded his herald to turn the sandglass over and the hour began. Cheering rippled up and down the lines, swords on shields, chanting the ancient songs of victory. They were filled with the joy of victory, the certainty that it was going to be all right. The chanting spread along the walls of the city. While the sand drained through the glass, the songs continued.
The Draakka found Mhel-Khur’s headless body the moment they returned. They pushed aside the guards and entered the Immortal One’s tent. They stood around his bed of furs and saw it was true. They didn’t know what to do. 
The news spread fast into the ranks before they could do or say anything to prevent it. It explained the singing Darvuunians in front of them, cheering and smashing their shields as they awaited their doom.
In the Tent of Command, there was little command. The Draakkan Generals could not agree to serve under any other, and were terrified that someone could not take control or lead them. It had never occurred to them that this would ever happen. They were frozen with fear and the fear to act. They argued and cursed but found no one with the will to act. Mhel-Khur’s legacy of spineless underlings, mere extensions of his will bore barren fruit on that day.
When the conch sounded three times, the Darvuunians charged across the field. Chants of “Seth! Seth!” spurred them on. They hit the confused Draakka along a wide front, pouring in wave after wave of black arrows just before they hit.
Rato-Malcasta and his Elite Darvuun ripped open the seam between the Draakkan Legions, bolstered by the Third Legion Axe Rato-Malcasta had commanded just the day before. The Draakkan line reeled back not sure what to do other than to simply fight to hold their lines solid. They waited for any orders, anything.
 Their Generals were still fighting among themselves. Mhel-Khur was dead. There was no one to lead them. They had been chosen for their loyalty, not their leadership potential. Finally, they did agree on one thing. They were doomed.
The second line of the Darvuunian charge broke the Draakkan lines in five key areas and shattered their lines wide open. Devastating cavalry strikes struck the rear, isolating pockets of troops and taking out supplies. Draakkan cohesion collapsed. Tens of thousands of Draakka fell to Darvuunian swords, arrows, and pikes, and the rout was on. 
Just before lunch, a company of Darvuunian Elite Cavalry stumbled on a cadre of fleeing Draakkan Lords and Generals and scooped them up, taking all the Lord alive. The bodyguards fought bravely but died. Rato-Malcasta had First-Lord Vik-Dekot brought before him in chains and studied him while he had lunch. They were a pathetic lot, of no use to him. They were proud enough not to ask for any mercy. They had given none, and expected none. After lunch Rato-Malcasta had their throats cut and the heads mounted on pikes. It was very anti-climatic. 
Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun was sitting back with his feet on the table when the victorious Generals came in, cheering him with goblets of wine and spliffs of mauve. For the first time since the Barrier had fallen, they had reason to cheer. Seth had delivered them from the Draakka when they sent Rato-Malcasta to them.
The Lords of Kuranas had a wild party that night. They took their places around feast tables and grew silent. Emperor Rato-Malcasta slowly rose up from his chair and looked around the table. Many of those here were still recovering from minor wounds and bruises but they did not care. Even their Emperor had spilled the blood of the invader and wore it proudly on his robes.
“Darvuun is free again,” Rato-Malcasta said simply, raising his goblet.
“Free!” They agreed and drained their own goblets in salute.
“Now it is time to finish this war,” said Rato-Malcasta. “The First Legion will continue to supervise the rout, prod it along if needed until you link up with the Fourth Legion in a few days. Lord-General Korroth, you will take the First Legion and wring a peace out of those bastards somehow. You have carte blanche. You will run the bastards as far as you can. The Second Legion and the Third Axe will reform at Kuranas by tomorrow noon.” Rato-Malcasta took a long pull of his spliff. 
“I will not disappoint you, My Emperor,” said the red-haired Lord-General Korroth. He could still remember how they had wiped out his cavalry so ruthlessly. He had a world of hate and would not hesitate to achieve the aims of Darvuun.
Rato-Malcasta looked at him and nodded. He understood well how Korroth felt. He was counting on it. “As for the rest of us, we have unfinished business in the south.”
At that moment, four guards escorted the Osiran Alliance Envoy into the throne room. Rato-Malcasta had forgotten about him. He had been swept up in the usual arrests after Rato-Malcasta had ascended the throne. It was tradition, the arresting of relatives and heirs or those who might contest a new emperor taking the throne, the executing of any traitors, the usual stuff. The retired General had served the Geondran government for a decade as ambassador to the Darvuunian court. He looked very annoyed.
“Lord-General Aaron of Geondra,” announced the Senior Officer of the Elite Darvuun Guard.
General Aaron was very unhappy. “I am not accustomed to being clapped in irons. This is outrageous treatment for a diplomatic officer. And what are these Raak doing here?” He looked a rather dignified for a man who had spent a few days in the dungeon. 
“My apologies to you, Ambassador. Give him wine. Traditions are often independent of normal business. It’s just part of the transition of power.” Rato-Malcasta nodded to the Guard who snapped off the shackles and set down a goblet of wine
General Aaron stared in cold contempt at the guards for a second, and then stepped away from the chains. “You must really do something about that paranoia of yours,” he said, glaring around the table. His eyes stopped at Rato-Malcasta and the crown on his brow. “How is it a dwarf sits on the throne of Darvuun?”
“Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun at your service,” said Rato-Malcasta. “As to the Raak, why should I not have representatives from my allies at my court?” He grinned at the look of horror on the Envoy’s face. 
Rato-Malcasta stood up and looked around at those gathered, then stared at the Envoy, his disgust apparent. “You stood by and set us up. Your wizards dropped the Barrier and set the Draakka on us. All for land. You are contemptible. Lightbearer will know just how much hatred we feel for you when he gets your head in a box.”
“You can’t kill an Envoy,” the Geondran sneered. 
“Just watch me,” he replied. He nodded and the Raak spearmen thrust his murderously barbed spear into the Envoy’s back. The spearhead exploded out through his chest. The Raak warrior snapped off the shaft when the Envoy fell forward onto his face. “Send his head back with his servants.”
Rato-Malcasta turned to the rest of the table and ordered more wine all around. He raised his goblet high. “To Seth!”
“SETH!”
 


 


        

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Of all the creatures [man]...is the only one - the solitary one - that possesses malice.... He is the only creature that inflicts pain for sport, knowing it to be pain...all creatures kill...man is the only one...that kills in malice, the only one that kills for revenge.
- Mark Twain

“Somewhere over that horizon is a horde of scum sucking Osirans.”  Zaburo stared into the darkness from atop the Great Western Gate that guarded the Valley of Shadows and the sacred city of Gaathmargh from the rest of the world. In the distance, the Osiran Alliance was ravaging the ancestral lands of the Stoneheart and Bleeding Jaw clans on its inexorable drive to the heart of Seth’s Chosen People. Ancient Raak lands were being despoiled and contaminated by the fetid and rancid feet of Aelan elves, Thwarbak’s dwarfs, and the mewling Human servants of the Lord of Light. He lit up a spliff, sighed and watched.
After a time and a spliff, he heard the footsteps in the darkness behind him, the distinct stride of Scather Bloodhand, the puffing stomp of gnomish feet lightly slapping the stone steps up to his place on the wall. They joined him and took a few minutes to catch their breath.
“So, how are things in Darvuun?” said Demonax after he blew out a trio of interlocking smoke rings.
Scather lit a spliff from a torch on the wall and held it deep for a moment. He exhaled a cloud of purple smoke. “Rato-Malcasta is the Emperor. Braz-nur was too unreliable. Just like we planned, Mhel-Khur is dead. Without him, the Draakka were totally incapable of getting it together. It was a total rout.”
Tha-Wal blew out a cloud. “They were done by lunch. It was very considerate of them. Darvuunian losses were minimal.”
“Good, good. So much for them,” said Demonax with a smile. He pointed out into the darkness beyond the wall. “Somewhere out there was four Osiran Legions. They crossed into Dripping Eye territory this morning.”
“They are pretty much on schedule, so predictable.” commented Tha-Wal. 
“They will be predictable enough when they get Envoy Aaron’s head in a basket,” laughed Scather. “Rato made sure that we would have no choice but to go to war with the Osirans. They will take a dim view of having an ambassador killed by Darvuunians.”
“They’ll kill Darvuun’s envoys,” said Demonax Vilehand.
Tha-Wal puffed away. “Who cares? We need those Darvuunian troops now. Who cares what happens to ambassadors? They were all Braz-nur appointees anyway. We are sort-of at war, are we not?”
“It just guarantees this will not be a nice war,’ said Demonax with a smile. “It will just ratchet it up another notch and build up a good righteous rage. A raging enemy does not think well.”
“Well it’s working,” commented Scather. He took a puff. “You’ve got them pissed.”
“The timing is rather tight,” said Tha-Wal. “If Lightbearer finds out too early about the about change in Darvuunian allegiances, Rato-Malcasta could get screwed.”
“I don’t think so,” replied Demonax. “Either way it will be too late to save Prince Soulbright. Reports from the Crimson Blade indicate Rato-Malcasta will be in position tomorrow, almost at the same time that General Aaron’s head gets dropped in Lightbearer’s lap. He still thinks Braz-nur is still tied up with the Draakka. Darvuun should be out of the way for the moment. Now Lightbearer will really come to us. He’s got to move quickly.”
Scather butted his spliff on the wall. “Lightbearer expects to join up with Soulbright in the Valley of Shadows. That will box up the Raak in the Valley and in Gaathmargh with no way out.”
“Very linear thinking,” laughed Tha-Wal. “Maybe I’ve been hanging around you guys too long.”
“Warrior thinking, plainly,” nodded Demonax. “Hit the enemy with a large sword, and keep hitting until he drops. There’s no subtlety, no feint. But we are not warriors; we are assassins, no offense Tha-Wal.”
“None taken,” shrugged Tha-Wal. “We are more alike than you think. We both work with illusions, misdirection, and sleight of hand. The difference is in technique and tools, that’s all.”
Demonax took a pull from his spliff and thought about for a minute. There was great truth in this. They were artisans of illusion, tweaking at the strands of reality like the strings of a lyre. They were manipulating gods and men like toys. There was no turning back; his senses reeled. The idea was orgasmic. There was no sensation like this. Now this was better than sex.
It all flooded back over him, the walk for the strawberries, the flight through the infinity of existence, and he knew it was not enough. It was not enough to draw Osiris to his death. Not enough at all. Seth must die. Seth would die. There could be no other conclusion. How simple was the realization. The idea was stunning, but it was right. There was a quiet certainty in his mind. He was the Chosen One. No one could do it but him. It was the coda of a grand symphony that was his life. 
“Perhaps you are right, after a fashion.” Demonax lit up another spliff and stared off into the darkness. He was trying to find a way to stop from laughing. After a silent moment, he turned and walked back into the Command Room for the Great West Wall. They shrugged and followed.
Demonax had his servant pour three mugs of Raak ale and then dismissed him with a nod. “Okay Tha-Wal, you will command the Ebony Tusk, Deathmoon, and Oozing Skull clans. Scather, the Shadow Warriors, Black Axe, Poison Hand are with you. The Bleeding Jaw, Dripping Eye, Stoneheart are with the Vilehand Elite and me. Now let’s get down to business.

The Valley of Leerzej was beautiful. It was a sea of green in the midst of the dark mountains, a barrier of sharp ridges and teeth of naked stone. There were pleasant little springs, spongy fields of moss, and fruit trees along the sides nestled next to the mountains. But much of the grass was now getting tromped into brown mud and dirt.
In front of the Osirans was Prince Soulbright. Blocking the pass to the south was the Festering Fist clan, proudly flying their war banners. They were dug in, crouching in waist deep trench-work, their spears and halberds angled out like the spines of an irate porcupine. It was an impressive defense in-depth.
Emperor Rato-Malcasta sat on his horse at the bottom of the slope smoking a spliff. In the distance before him was the First Legion of the Osiran Alliance. The Prince and heir of Lightbearer IV, Soulbright was preparing to attack the Festering Fist who was dug in on the floor of the pass, the only way out of the valley to the south. Beyond the Festering Fist was the Valley of Shadows and Gaathmargh. 
Behind Rato-Malcasta, ten Centuries of Minions of Hell were assembled on the slopes, silently sitting on their mounts with their lances raised and shields across their chests. On either flank, Rato-Malcasta had a score of bodyguards, ten Vilehand Elite and ten Elite Darvuun Guards. He sat alone, smoking and watching Soulbright setting out his lines for the upcoming battle.
Rato-Malcasta stared at the ember of the spliff and mused at the inventiveness of the free mind. How could the mind conceive such a thing? Why would the mind go off in such unusual directions? Ah well, so much for such musings. He took another puff of his spliff and savored the taste as a small squad of horses came from Soulbright’s army. He was beginning to wonder if they had seen him at all.
While Soulbright moved his men into position for the attack, the emissaries rode up to Rato-Malcasta and came to a halted about ten feet away. One of the Messengers came forward a few feet a bit puzzled. He noted the Copulating Rat standard flying under the Imperial Darvuunian pennant. “We are confused,” he said, looking at Rato-Malcasta, noticing the Darvuunian crown for the first time.
“I am not sure I am surprised by that. I am Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun. The Copulating Rat is my standard. No thanks to you, the Braz-nur line is dead, slain by the Draakka on the battlefield at Virgin Green.” He puffed his spliff.
“Braz-nur has fallen? That is tragic.”
“Can the crap. You set us up.” The Osiran was taken aback. “There have been a few changes in other matters as well.” Rato-Malcasta puffed his spliff and took his time. He noticed the Osiran curiously staring at the Raak warriors on either side. 
The Messenger noticed the Vilehand sigil in the center of their chest. For almost a century, the Raak Elite had simply left a hole in their robes to signify they would wait until the Chosen One returned and the Vilehand born anew. Now they sported a Vilehand symbol on their chests. It bode ill for someone. It was not good that they stood openly in the camp of the Darvuunian Emperor. 
A dwarf Darvuunian Emperor was strange enough. The dwarf and Raak peoples hated each other with a passion. How could they ally with the Raak? “We are pleased to see our Darvuunian allies able to render assistance even the time of their great trial. Prince Soulbright will appreciate your assistance.”
Rato-Malcasta laughed so hard he almost fell off his war-horse. He wiped his nose dry with his sleeve and lit another spliff from the butt of the first. “I am afraid you misunderstand what I meant. Mhel-Khur is dead. The Draakka are done. We are here to lend assistance to our ally, King Demonax Vilehand of the Raak.”
The Messenger did his best to look nonplused, but wasn’t doing too good a job of it. “The terms of the Treaty of Nova-Primus do not permit you to sign alliances with the Raak at any time.”
”Irrelevant. It is done. Under the terms of the new treaty, we are here to lend military assistance to the King of the Raak as he has been invaded by a foreign power.” Rato-Malcasta took a puff. “Under the terms of our treaty, any nation that accepts hostages will also be responsible fully for supporting them, feeding them and all that until the ransom is paid. However, the ransom must be split evenly. This is a problem.”
“How is that a problem?”
“Well, Darvuun is operating at a serious loss, having lost huge food supplies, suffered losses in the tens of thousands in its army, maybe a hundred thousand civilians. King Demonax informs me that he has suffered severe economic dislocation due to large chunks of land being ravaged by Lightbearer IV. Consequently, we are not in a position to take any captives. We will have to kill all of you.” 
“Oh, I see. Well that’s that then,” said the Osiran Messenger with a shrug.
“I’m afraid so.” Rato-Malcasta nodded. Twenty Minions of Seth snapped up their crossbows and gunned them down. Not one bolt missed. Every rider and horse was dead. “Good shooting men,” said Rato-Malcasta. He had always appreciated efficiency.  
Soulbright had fanned out his legion to take out the Festering Fist dug into the floor of the pass before them. On either wing was ten centuries of heavy-mailed dwarves taking up the end of the wing. Next to the dwarfs, there were ten centuries of Aelan swords, backed up with five centuries of archers. In the centre were twenty centuries of Geondran pikes and five centuries of heavy-plated warriors. Fanned out behind the front were twenty-five thousand Alliance cavalry.
Hmmmm, thought Rato-Malcasta with amusement. Very symmetrical, very ordered, very logical. It was also very stupid, a very predictable error for an inexperienced commander. Not very flexible.  Oh well, he shrugged. He turned to his aide and nodded, holding up three fingers. Three long low tones echoed out over the Valley of Leerzej from the conch of the Darvuunian Emperor.
Soulbright turned to the north and raised his sword in triumph. The Darvuunians were here. The Emperor of Darvuun was here. He signaled his aide and ordered the attack. Two loud blares of the trumpet echoed throughout the valley. The forces of the Osiran Alliance charged the Festering Fist. The Light Brigades charged across the open ground, lowering lances and roaring the charge. Twenty-five thousand thundering horses swept down on the chanting Festering Fist who remained steady in their waist deep trenches, their twenty-foot pikes set for the charge.
“SETH! SETH!” chanted the front line of Festering Fist as the Osirans bore down on them. They never moved, fueled by millennia of hate. These barbarians would dare to lay siege to the City of Seth? That would never happen. Then, they abruptly changed the chant. “VILEHAND! VILEHAND!”
The Osiran Cavalry steeled itself for contact. Moments before contact, thousands upon thousands of trapdoors sprang open on the slopes on either side of the pass. Clouds of dust rose into the air. Crossbowmen rose from the holes and fired without hesitation. Thousands of black crossbow bolts poured down into the Osiran‘s from both sides, and ripped through the cavalry, a lethal sleet killing thousands of riders and mounts alike. Screams and moans rose from the Osiran ranks. Horses bolted and reared, hurling riders into the grass and dirt of Leerzej. The orderly charge quickly descended into a milling mass of confused horses and trampled bodies.
The Crimson Blade banners rose into the sky as they clambered out of their holes on either side of the Festering Fist. At the sight Festering Fist cheered. “SETH! SETH!” 
Another volley hit the scrambling chaos that had once been the Alliance cavalry. This time the Crimson Blade took out mostly mounts in another withering blast. The cavalry was gone.
Soulbright was puzzled, shaken, and then enraged. Where had the Crimson Blade come from? They were hundreds of miles away, staring down the Darvuunian border legion. They were supposed to be, but they were here. He looked north and noticed the Darvuunian army coming down the hill. There had to be more than a legion of troops there. He laughed. Crimson Blade or not, the Raak would fall in Leerzej.
He ordered three runners to spread his orders and waited ten minutes or so. The Darvuunians were marching quickly for them and they would throw the balance in his favor. Soulbright would always be remembered as the one who had wiped out the Festering Fist and the Crimson Blade. The trumpet sounded thrice and the attack moved into high gear.
The flank units of elves and dwarves charged up the slopes under ragged covering volleys from the Aelan archers that rained up into the Crimson Blade ranks. One final volley of bolts took out a few dwarves before the last of the Crimson Blade swarmed out of their trenches. They charged down the slope shrieking, whirling spears and swords into the dwarfs of Thwarbak. 
All of the Raak roared their joy, that ultimate moment of combat where life is measured in seconds and instinct, an eternity experienced in a moment in time, the joy of killing without restraint, unfettered hate. It was all of those things, but most importantly, it was fun. 
The Osirans saw this as a pivotal moment in history. Here would be the beginning of the end of six thousand years of war. Those who lived and passed through this trial would see a new world at peace, in the loving bosom of Osiris. Those who perished would always know they had still been a part of all the greatness that was to come. The priests had assured them of victory.
The dwarves charged into battle with the Crimson Blade. Centuries of hatred exploded along the slopes. Axes chopped limbs and heads; spears and swords ripped out throats and strew entrails across the bloody grass. A red hatred blurred the vision of the dwarves and the Raak. They had fought before the Coming of the Humans so long ago. They shared untold centuries upon centuries of hate. It could end here, if they could but destroy Gaathmargh. These bastards stood in their way.
The fighting was savage, no quarter asked or given. The Crimson Blade had the advantage of working down the slope, using it to add to the momentum of their charge. They screamed down into the dwarves and rocked them back on their heels. The dwarves refused to give ground and the fighting became a whirl of swords and axes.
The Aelans threw themselves into battle. Unlike their dwarf allies, they were more surgical and exacting in their attacks. Each sword blow was calculated and executed with long-practiced skill. Their enemy was bigger and stronger, but not better or faster. Unlike the dwarfs, they could not rely on power, but on skill, and good armor. Unfortunately, they were outnumbered and fighting uphill. 
The Festering Fist rose out of their trenches with a monstrous roar and charged out to meet the Prince of Osiris. They charged through the carnage that had once been the cavalry and hit the center of the line in ragged formation. Their long spears were almost casually brushed aside before they were chopped to bits. Hundreds of Festering Fist died before the rest of the warriors could throw the rest of the weight of the mightiest of the Raak clans into battle.
Soulbright looked over the battlefield and knew he was in trouble. The unexpected presence of the Crimson Blade had changed the nature of the battle. He could only hope the Darvuunians would tilt the balance back in his favor. The charging Darvuunian cavalry raised his hopes. Then he died inside.
The Darvuunian cavalry swept into the supply wagons and the reserve units at Soulbright’s rear. From their horses, they rained volley after volley of arrows into the surprised Osirans. Once the chaos started to spread, panicking people were cut down with Darvuunian scimitars. No one was spared. 
Minutes later the Darvuunian Minions of Hell marched through Soulbright’s reserves, mowing them down with crossbows at point blank range. They fired, and then stopped to reload. The next line stepped forward and fired a volley. They frog marched four lines across the valley and killed everything that moved.
Soulbright looked up at the flanks and saw them slowly being pushed off the slopes. In front of him, the Raak were throwing themselves at his front lines, pushing his men back by sheer rage and force of numbers. To his rear, the Darvuunians had turned on him. It was over and he knew it. He would rather surrender to the Darvuunians than the Raak. It was preferable to being eaten.
“Sound retreat!” Soulbright ordered his aide. The wrenched his horse around and grabbed the parley flag from his bodyguard. Five blasts in rapid succession sounded behind him as he trotted back to meet the Darvuunians. He headed for the center of the line where the Imperial pennants of the Darvuunian Emperor flew. 
Emperor Rato-Malcasta noticed the parlay flag and then Prince Soulbright riding towards his lines with three of his bodyguard. He nodded to his signalman. One long blast of the conch and the Darvuunians came to a halt and reloaded. They held their fire. Soulbright slowed to a walk and came into the open field. Then he lowered his standard and dropped it to the ground. He was surrendering.
Rato-Malcasta laughed. It was contagious. Soon his entire bodyguard was laughing. The warriors on the line heard the laughter and soon joined in. He turned to his signalman and nodded. He handed the Emperor his crossbow. Rato-Malcasta stared down the sight and took careful aim. He squeezed the trigger slowly, almost surprised when it fired. The bolt streaked across the field and took Soulbright high in the chest. The Prince simply slumped, and then fell backward off his horse into the dirt.
One long blast of the conch sounded. “Fool.” he laughed. The Darvuunian barrage started again, they advanced, pushed on. The Darvuunians leveled killing volleys and swept in again with the cavalry. The rout became a massacre. There was no thinking of mercy or pity. Swords and axes ran with blood. 
The elves and dwarfs knew there would be no retreat. The Darvuunians slew them from the rear, and the Raak swarmed down on them knowing they had destroyed an entire Osiran Legion. The bloodlust swept over the warriors of both sides as they fought to the death.
Rato-Malcasta himself joined in on the final assault of the Lords of Light who formed an armored square for protection. Laughing maniacally, he pushed through a wall in the square. The last defense collapsed and the last Osirans fell to the axes and swords of the Darvuunian Third Legion, the Crimson Blade and the Festering Fist within minutes.
A strange quiet settled over the Plain of Leerzej. Rato-Malcasta stood next to Soulbright’s body smoking a spliff. He was covered in blood. His robes were almost shredded. His armor had taken a few hits, but nothing serious. The Darvuunians and the Raak stood on the field and stared at each other, still unsure how to treat each other.
Lord Festering Fist and Lord Crimson Blade crossed the field and stopped before Rato-Malcasta. They knelt down and cleaned their swords on the prince’s body, then slid the steel away. They bowed slightly to Rato-Malcasta.
Lord Festering Fist stepped forward and extended his hand. “In the name of King Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, the Festering Fist welcomes you to the Empire of the Raak and extends our thanks.”
Rato-Malcasta slung his blood-drenched axe over his shoulder. “I greet my Brothers in Seth.” He shook Festering Fist’s hand, careful to display no weakness in his grip. He met the Raak Chieftain’s stare and nodded his head with a smile. “You fight well.” He let the hand go.
Lord Crimson Blade stepped forward and extended his hand. “As did your men, Lord Emperor of Darvuun. The Crimson Blade is happy to welcome such warriors.”
Rato-Malcasta took the offered hand and met the eyes of Lord Crimson Blade. “Your stunt will live long in the annals of war, Chieftain. I see it was no error to join with the Raak people.” He let go and stood back. “I am here to offer the swords of Darvuun to the Raak, our brothers in Seth, and pledge ourselves to this cause. The way is open to the Final Battle at Gaathmargh. And, gentlemen, we have them by the balls.”
Darvuunians and Raak cheered and shook hands with their new brothers. They laughed and slapped each other on the back, mingling together like lost family at a reunion. The party began. Rato-Malcasta and the Clan Chiefs saw no reason to try to maintain order. It would be best to let them have the night. They had won a tremendous victory today. Soulbright and his entire Legion had been annihilated.
The Prince’s head was set on a pike near the fire. The leaders drank Raak ale and Darvuunian wine and smoked the finest mauve from the Crimson Blade Chieftain’s private stock. His clan controlled much of the Mauve traffic, so he always had the best.
Rato-Malcasta looked at the scroll he had been handed. He told the others it was simply a casualty report. “Eight hundred and fifty dead, two thousand wounded. Excellent.” He was lying. It was a letter from Demonax. He needed three days. Damn. He had been too proficient and Soulbright had moved too fast. He grinned. He was a king. He could do anything he wanted. He would give Demonax his three days. He lit up another spliff.   
     

 




CHAPTER SIXTEEN

As a rule, all heroism is due to a lack of reflection, and thus it is necessary to maintain a mass of imbeciles. If they once understand themselves the ruling men will be lost.
          -Ernest Renan

Lightbearer IV reined in his mount. He slipped off his winged helmet and looped it over the saddle horn. He wanted an unobstructed first look at the Great Wall of Night, the most legendary defense every built. All he had ever seen were drawings and dioramas that were heavy on speculation beyond the most obvious. In real life it was more daunting and dismal than he could have believed. It was also all that stood between him and the destruction of Gaathmargh.
The wall stretched for over six miles, sealing off a sliced open gap in the mountains. Knife-like cliffs and sharp ridges made bypassing the Great Wall of Night impossible. The wall was made of huge carved blocks of basalt, most weighing about a hundred tons apiece. They fit together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, cut in strange angles and shapes, set together with loving care. The Wall was forty feet high, cut with two banks of archer slots, topped with turrets, archer gaps, and other defenses spaced evenly along the wall. 
In the center, over the Gate of Night, was the Command Bunker. It was heavily constructed with extra layers of metal sheeting over the stone. A wide strip of unbreakable crystal glass along the entire front face provided an unobstructed view for Demonax Vilehand. It perched over the Great Gate of Night, covered in gargoyles and creatures of nightmare carved from rose-colored quartz. From the top flew the pennants of the Clans of Tangersee, the twelve clans of the Raak, the People of Seth. Over the center fluttered the Vilehand standard, a hand dripping in blood with a diseased eye clutched in the palm. It was a particularly gruesome coat-of-arms. It was also three times larger than any other. 
The Great Gate of Night consisted of two huge gates of stone, each great door fifty paces wide and thirty feet high. Each door was a single piece of granite wrapped in strips of brass and covered with long strips of mica. Three twelve-foot ankhs of purple amethyst were sunk into each door.
Lightbearer could imagine the engineering that it took just to open this door. It was impressive. It did strike him curious that the door pulled open from inside rather than be hinged the other way. Then again, with a door that size, you could pretty much do what you want. It would take more than a few battering rams to force that door.
He turned to his aide. “My scope, herald.” The young warrior handed him the telescope, a fairly recent invention. In the past it had been enchanted gems, crystal balls, or nothing. He set the golden tube to his eye and scanned over the wall. It was as they said. “Osiris gives me the strength,” he whispered.
The Great Wall of Night was a stepped defense. Behind the first wall, one hundred paces back, another wall rose twenty feet higher than the first. It was constructed of the same stone as the outer wall. In the platform between the two walls Lightbearer could see the dim shapes of catapults and huge vats that likely were bubbling oil and hot sand. A third wall rose another twenty feet above the second. He could imagine a similar set of defenses there, but he could not see it from down here.
Along the walls the defiant Raak warriors marched, waving their flags and battle honors. He scanned down the lines and wondered what it was that bothered him about those screaming beast men, other than everything. 
Above the Great Gate of Night fluttered the Imperial Vilehand Standard. He recognized it from his studies of history. It was truly a vile standard. Every major battle they had ever fought had been against the bearer of that standard, The Chosen of Seth. Never would a Priest-Emperor of Geondra have doubts whom he faced in battle.      
Lightbearer’s sainted grandfather had faced this standard at the Battle of Kuranas over a century ago during the Vilehand War. It struck him as odd that no sovereign of Geondra had ever spoken to a Chosen of Seth. That was curious. At war for six thousand years and they had never met face-to-face, truly curious.
He scanned back over the wall and studied the clan flags. The Dripping Eye, Stoneheart, and Bleeding Jaw were on the wall supported by the Vilehand Elite of Demonax Vilehand himself. That was odd. Those were the clans involved in the uprising against the new Vilehand King. Could they have resolved it that fast? Lord Soth had suggested that such a thing might happen. He shrugged. No matter. It was enough that he had made it to this place. They would rest here for the night and prepare for battle.

King Demonax sat at the head of the table with Tha-Wal to his right and Scather Bloodhand to his left. The entirety of the leadership of the Raak, dressed in their warrior’s finery, sat around the table gulping wine and puffing on their pipes. They were all there, except for the Crimson Blade and the Festering Fist. The Darksoul in his black gold-flecked robe was there. It was the one who had given the blessing of Seth. He smiled, his snout of razor teeth a disgusting sight, particularly that habit of coloring their tusks and teeth black. 
King Demonax Vilehand rose to his feet and slowly the table grew silent. “All of you know your roles tomorrow. You know what areas you hold and what I expect. Just to restate the point, there will be no unit withdrawn unless ordered by me or if there are losses greater than three in ten. A retreat for any other reason will result in your death. Am I understood?”  He looked around the table. There was no hesitation. They bowed their heads slightly. “Good”

Before the sun had risen, the Legions of Light had eaten, completed the morning devotions, and formed up in their units. Lots had already determined the order of assault, which units would have the glory to lead the final battle against the Forces of Shadow. There would be one hundred Centuries to each wave, except those chosen for special tasks by Lightbearer himself. 
To the pride of Lightbearer IV, his nephew would be leading a unit of Lords of Light from the Imperial Guard. He was proud of Clearsoul. He would fight with the elite of Thwarbak’s plated dwarfs in the second wave. A large contingent of Geondran axe men and rangers would take the center, leaving the Aelans to take the north end of the wall.
Lightbearer turned to his aide, a fine upstanding warrior of great piety, the son of his sister’s daughter. “Take the parlay flag to the midpoint in front of the Gate of Night.”
“As you wish, Great Lord!” He unfurled the long white triangular pennant and rode slowly out into the quiet predawn light. By the time he got to the center, the sun had peeked over the top of the Great Wall of Night. He drove the pennant into the dirt and left it flying in the breeze. He turned and rode back to his lines without looking back.
By the time he had crossed back into his lines, Lightbearer noticed a single figure in black rappelling down the front wall. He slid from his white stallion and walked out through the lines heading to the flag. He removed his helmet and carried under his arm.
The black clad man got there first. He lit up a spliff and took a long drag. He exhaled then took a smaller puff as Lightbearer stopped ten feet away and looked him up and down.     
“You called?”  Scather pulled his cowl back and smiled. He took another puff and held it a moment in his lungs before exhaling through his nostrils.
“I am Lightbearer IV, Chosen of Osiris, King of Geondra and the Alliance of Light.” He bowed his head slightly.
“Sounds impressive,” he commented with a grin. “Well, I am Scather Bloodhand, Clan-Lord Shadow Warrior, and Emissary of the Chosen of Seth. So, how’s it going?”
“I am disappointed. I would have thought King Demonax would have come out to speak with me.”
“Well, you see, he is temporarily indisposed at the moment.”
“Temporarily indisposed?” Lightbearer was astonished and it showed. “For a Parlay of Kings?” 
“Well, it seems some inconsiderate bastard invaded his country, slagged dozens of villages, ate our crops, and, in general, fucked up the economy big time. Yeah. I would say his is a bit busy.” Scather took a deep puff and shook his head.
“It will be a shame not to meet him until the day of his death,” commented Lightbearer sadly. “Must it always be so?”
“King Demonax cares little for what twisted code of honor you serve. You have invaded and we will fight you. There is nothing else need be said. His morning ablutions are more important than speaking with you.” He took another puff and blue out a thin stream of smoke. “See you in the soup.” He turned and walked away.
Lightbearer quelled his rage. He felt sorrow for the man that walked back to the Wall of Night. To be so far away from the grace and mercy of the Light of Osiris was to be mourned. Scather’s death would not be a moment of great joy, but it was the will of Osiris that the lost and unrepentant should not live. Lightbearer would carry the sword and the word into battle with a heavy heart and a strong right arm. 
Lightbearer turned and walked thoughtfully and prayerfully back to his lines and mounted his stallion. He drew out his Holy Sword and rested it on his shoulder. It was going to be a long day.
“Think you pissed him off,” laughed Scather.
“Truly unfortunate,” mumbled Demonax with a smile. “So what’s your take on this guy?”
Scather took a puff and held it for a moment. “He fits the warrior mold perfectly. He sees himself with superior firepower and superior numbers. Not really very bright, though. He plans to blow us off the wall, nothing less.”
“Not very elegant, I must say,” laughed Demonax. “It does fit the mentality of a guy that wields a Greatsword; power and strength, simple and direct. Lightbearer will attack the same way. That is fine. We’ll kick his ass.” 
Demonax drew Elfmourner from its sheath and joined with the savage soul of the sword. He could always force it to serve, but it would always be looking for that moment of weakness to seize it all for itself. He wanted it to work with him and reap the harvest that was coming. It hungered for power and the delicious taste of the spirit of elfin. He breathed deep and forced his mind into Elfmourner. Demonax clutched the being in the sword with ethereal hands and stared into its floating eyes. ## I am The Chosen. ## It lowered its eyelids in submission and they laughed together.
That is so fucking creepy, thought Scather as he watched Demonax commune with that sword. He briefly scanned Demonax with a tendril of thought, felt nothing and felt a little more relaxed. There was no doubt that Demonax reigned there. He was in control of a sword with a nasty, nasty mind. Evil rippled off that blade. He could feel waves of hunger from the ether around the sword. The stuff of Seth. He wondered about the wisdom of their course for a moment. Scather chuckled as he lit up another spliff and then left to return to the third wall. What a rush.

Lightbearer raised his greatsword over his head and nodded to the trumpeter. A long single blast sounded from the trumpet, echoing off the Wall of Night. Immediately the blast was followed by the thump of catapults fired down the length of the Osiran lines. The sky was blackened with a rain of head-sized boulders that rained down on the front and top of the Wall of Night.
No sooner had the buckets emptied than the well-drilled crews were ratcheting down the arms of the siege engines and locking them down. Quickly they loaded up another volley into the buckets from the prepared piles of missiles and stood at the ready. When all units finished loading up again, the commander blew his horn and the next volley was fired. Spotters watched the arc of fire and issued any corrections to the catapult leaders.
The rocks rained down over the wall slamming into the shield walls constructed over the defenders. The rocks clanged onto the shields like a monstrous hail, bouncing over into the sand behind them. The Raak stoically crouched under the shields. They watched through the arrow slots clutching their crossbows. It was deafening and unnerving, but not unexpected. Actually, a few were laughing and betting who would get whapped next. It was all in good fun.
Demonax stood in his bunker, calmly smoking a spliff as the stone hail bounced overhead. The shield wall appeared to have stood up under the initial volley. That son of a bitch Lightbearer had a lot of well-trained artillery.
Four more volleys of boulders sprayed the walls, each one more accurate than before. In some areas the shields shattered. A number of warriors took rocks in the head and were knocked flat. The rest steadfastly shored up the defenses between volleys, tossing out the dead and filling the gaps with reinforcements. 
The Raak catapult crews raced forward and pulled back the dead, setting up the bodies in stacks with a mind to using them as sand bags. A few of those Raak caught an occasional errant boulder, but that is the risk in war. One does what one must to win and accepts the risks.  
After five volleys of heavy hail, Lightbearer nodded twice to his trumpeter. Two short ones followed one long blast. The Osirans cheered and loaded the smoking boulders onto the catapults. A moment later they heard the command and fired. Streaming smoke, the boulders tumbled lazily up into their arc.
Tha-Wal had watched the catapult crews’ load up and realized what was happening. “Oh shit,” he whispered. He raised his hands high and drew deep from within himself and spoke loudly. “Akay For Tees Even” He flung his hands out and open. Little bolts of silver exploded out of his fingers and away, vanishing in a split second. 
The sky exploded. The entire sky in the two-mile centre of wall exploded into an arching spray of burning oil as one after the other disintegrated. Just as the missiles reached the peak of their arc, little silver explosions shattered the heavy jars. The burning wicks set the spewing oil afire in mid-air.  Exploding missiles took out others, except on the far south end of the wall where missiles got through. The entire front of the wall and much of the ground in front of it burned, throwing up a cloud of dark greasy smoke.
Warriors on both sides were stunned. Never had they seen the sky blaze with flames as they had seen today. A meteor shower paled by comparison with this vision. To see the very sky burst into flames was unreal. 
“Fucken A!” Tha-Wal laughed as he blew on his smoking fingers. “What a fucken blast!” The Darksoul priests with him stood in awe of what they had seen. How could they ever doubt that Seth was with them today? Never had they ever seen such a display of battle-magic, at least not one that was on their side. Never again would they doubt or question Tha-Wal’s commands. He scared them shitless. A mighty wizard was this gnome sent to them by Seth.
Unfortunately, Tha-Wal didn’t get them all. Not even the mighty Tha-Wal could take out the ones miles away missed in the fireworks display. The heavy clay, oil-filled missiles struck the top of the south wall, hitting the shield walls and the ground just to the rear. Exploding sheets of flame seared through the gaps in the walls, scalding and inflicting horrible burns to those unlucky enough to get hit or in the path of the searing wave of flame. 
Fireballs crashed through the shields, exploding among the defenders setting them on fire like cattail torches. Shrieking, they burst through the shield walls and were mercifully killed by spear-wielding catapult crews. The Dripping Eye on the south part of the wall took heavy casualties but still held their positions. Flame was horrifying, but disappointing Seth and His Chosen even more so.  
The trumpet sounded three times. The Army of Light started to move. All along the length of the wall, the heavy mailed warriors advanced quickly across the smoking ground. Shields were held high to protect the lightly armored ladder-bearers from the Raak attacks. Fully ten thousand warriors, the pride of the Three Kingdoms ran to the wall roaring their rage and hate. 
The ancient cries of battle rose from the throats of the chain-mailed Aelans. They were filled with untold centuries of hate, a long refined hate. The chants of the plate-mailed Thwarbak dwarfs echoed across the valley. The Geondrans were pledged to solemn purpose, to Osiris. They would see the end of the Raak. It would begin in this place. Of that they were certain.
Demonax stared at the advancing soldiers and shook his head. “Not much subtlety there,” he muttered. “Where is the thrust and parry? Ah well.” He left the bunker and went out to the wall with Elfmourner in his hand. He stared at the straight line of shields set out evenly along the length of the wall. “Aelan longbows are out there somewhere,” he muttered. Sure enough, there they were, coming through the catapult lines.
Demonax turned to his Conchman. “Count twenty, sound two. Do it three times. Mark!”
The Osirans advanced into range. The Raak opened up with volleys of crossbow fire. Firing through the arrow slots and around the crenulations on top of the wall, the rain of crossbow bolts became a torrent. Most of the bolts bounced off the wall of shields, but there were light casualties where the occasional one got through. 
The conch sounded twice… 
All along the outer wall, the Raak catapults thumped. A barrage of head-sized boulders rained down into the advancing troops. Warriors fell under the heavy stones. Most were shaken up. Gaps did appear in the line where some had not been so lucky. Crushed helmets and arms, a lot dead, but many more injured. Most of the casualties came in the dwarf units on the south of the advance. Still, the heavily armored dwarfs of Thwarbak advanced at a good pace. They had expected this but it still did not make it any easier.
The line advanced quickly over the dead and wounded, leaving them for the red-robes of the medics. The last thing they needed was for the Raak to home in on them with another volley. Quickly, the red-garbed medic corps swept into the area. They moved without fear. They were sacrosanct in war and every army used red as the garb for medics alone, except for the Raak. Who needed a medic when only the strong would survive? Still, they were usually ignored, or expected to be. They gathered over the wounded and patched up the holes and injuries, quickly preparing to get the wounded back behind the lines. 
The conch sounded twice…
The commanders down the wall cried to their men “Take out the Reds!” All down the wall, the Raak took deliberate aim over the heads of the charging warriors and fired into the medics administering to the wounded in the rear. The red-robes fell in the hundreds never knowing what happened. They fell under a continuous rain of black bolts, as they valiantly tried to escape with the wounded.
Cheers rose from the wall. The Raak laughed at the poor suckers out there without weapons or shields. It was like target practice at a rabbit farm. “Seth! Seth! Seth!” The chant rose as the Reds died. A few managed to get back to the lines some staggering out with wounded but most did not. They were outraged.
Lightbearer was horrified beyond belief. “I would never have believed they could be so depraved.” It came to him clearer than he could have believed possible. This was the crowning battle of this age. There could be no destiny for the People of Seth. They were a race without honour, undeserving of respect or mercy. That was why he was here. This was the Moment. All that would ever be for millennia to come would be decided here and now. It all came to him in an instant. He openly wept.
Those around Lightbearer saw his tears and knew that he would never forgive or forget. They feared for the Raak and his vengeance upon them. Just after the Raak had mown down the medics, an explosion of black spears rose from the second wall on Tha-Wal’s command. The black spears, fired from special ballistae, were long feathered spears with whistle holes carved along the length to add to the effect.
The whistling spears screamed louder and louder as they dropped down into the Osiran ranks. The shields provided only moderate protection against the whistling spears. Hundreds died, mostly the lighter armored ladder-bearers. The line staggered forward with large gaps. They had never seen the like and it shook them for a moment. Then they raised the cry that the Raak was killing the medics. The advance took on a new purpose. Now they were pissed.
The Raak now started taking out targets of opportunity. Sometimes that meant some poor fool would catch three or four bolts at the same time. Almost a third of the Osirans had fallen, but still they advanced.
The conch sounded twice…
Scather ordered the catapults on the third wall to fire. The rain of stones hit the advancing Osirans fifty feet from the wall. They had almost begun to feel safe, at least from the lethal rain of spears from the sky. Hundreds more perished in Scather’s barrage.
Thousands of ladders thumped against the walls. The Aelan archers immediately advanced and began firing at the top of the wall at any target of opportunity. Let any Raak bastard show himself and he would get his fool head shot off. While they set down the covering fire for the first wave, the second wave advanced through the lines and took up positions. The Osirans stormed the wall!
“Prepare to repel boarders!” roared Demonax Vilehand as he leapt atop the wall. He raised Elfmourner high. The Raak cheered when their Chosen One booted a human in the face, hurling him off the ladder. An elf leaped atop the wall and swung his longsword at Demonax’s head. He blocked it with Elfmourner, snapping the Elvin blade at the hilt. He flipped Elfmourner to his other hand and ran the elf through the throat with a simple thrust.
Elfmourner exploded in a howl of demonic glee and purple light. The elf screamed as Elfmourner reached into his mind and ripped the very thoughts, the very essence of what he was, and devoured it. The elf’s eyes burned in pain as he shriveled on the blade. The light in his eyes faded and Demonax yanked the sword out of the body.
Demonax roared with laughter, his eyes glowed purple, his very breath tinged with blue flames. He jumped over to the next ladder. A devilishly handsome chap with a huge axe bounded off the ladder, slapping aside a Stoneheart warrior with his mailed fist. He booted another Raak, sending him flying. Then he noticed Demonax Vilehand. His eyes flared in recognition just before he was shot through the eye. Demonax slipped his hand crossbow back under his right arm as the warrior tumbled back and fell from the wall. 
Another elf rose in front of him. Demonax blocked a wild swipe with casual disdain with Elfmourner. He let Elfmourner howl and guide the next strike. Elfmourner sank into the elf’s throat, down into his chest and skewered its foul heart. Elfmourner shrieked with evil ecstasy, the elf in despair. 
“Kill the bastards!” Demonax roared with laughter as he tore the sword free. He heaved the ladder and elf back off the wall. A half dozen elves on the ladder shrieked as they crashed to the ground and troops below.
Inspired by their lord’s insanity, the Raak fought bravely and without mercy. A few Osirans made the wall, only to be taken out by teams of Vilehand Elite Pikemen patrolling behind the lines, looking to shore up the occasional hole. Serrated blades on the pikes opened up the Osiran armor like razors on vellum causing horrible wounds. The Raak hurled the enemy back off the wall while they laughed and cheered.
Tha-Wal and the Dripping Eye cheered the Vilehand Elite. It was an epic battle and one day would be worthy of great songs. They could do little but watch for fear of killing their own with their crossbows. The first Osiran wave crumbled. The Geondrans stopped the charges up the ladders, and retreated back through the charging second wave, giving high-fives as they staggered back out of the battle.  Seven thousand humans, elves and dwarves lay at the base of the wall. 
The Raak defenders slumped against the walls gasping for breath. They would have few moments to rest. They were pumped. A few had died, but not as many as they might have expected. The top of the wall was slick with burnt oil and steaming blood. The wall of dead was growing.
Demonax Vilehand turned to the rest of the wall and raised his dripping sword high and roared. “SETH!!” Up and down the wall thousands upon thousands of Raak throats echoed his adoration of Seth. “Seth! Seth! Seth!” Demonax turned back to the attackers and laughed. “Eat shit and die!”
“Fire!” Scather roared from atop the third wall. The catapults fired another volley of stones into the advancing second wave of Osirans. He cursed when most of the enemy managed to avoid the stones by stopping the moment they saw them coming over the wall. The boulders smashed into the ground in front of the enemy bouncing into the gravel and sand. “Bastards,” muttered Scather. Very few Osirans had been taken out in that attack.
From atop the second wall, the gnome mumbled an incantation as he dropped a small red pellet into the end of a long tube. He put the other end of the tube in his mouth and felt the stone on the end of his tongue. He breathed in deep through his nostrils filling his lungs to full capacity. He spit through his enchanted peashooter! “Fire in the hole!!” The defenders ducked behind the wall and covered their eyes.
A blue streak flashed out of the end of the tube and arced out over the outer wall. Three feet above ground it detonated in eye-searing blast of white fire. KABOOOM!! The roar of the explosion echoed off the wall. The blast sent a wave of flames over the attackers. Instantly seared and blackened corpses lay scattered; none remained standing thirty paces from the blast. Out from the explosion, hundreds were deafened and blinded, some more serious than others. Further out, many were simply stunned by the blast, but quickly recovered.
Lightbearer IV cursed under his breath. It was so like those bastards to break every rule of civilized warfare. Using Wizards in the direct field of combat was so gauche. It also showed the desperation of the Raak and their disdain for the established rules of war. This was a dangerous time. Never before had the Raak been able to command wizards. Yes, they were desperate, but it would be for naught. They could not stand against the might of Osiris. Oh well, he thought. Turnabout is fair play Let the bastards eat hot flame. 
King Lightbearer, the Envoy of Osiris turned to the High Priest and pointed up at the second wall with his greatsword. “Fry that son of a bitch. Take him out.”
High Priest Barran’s eyebrows arched up in surprise. “Battle magic? It is forbidden.” Surely this must be the Coming of the End. This was the Battle of the Age, the Twilight Time. 
Lightbearer nodded. “I am the Chosen of the Light. Take him out, now!”
High Priest Barran nodded and knelt to one knee, clutching his heavy ankh medallion with both hands and slowed his breathing. He reached down deep inside and found the spark at the centre of all that is. He coaxed a flame out of the spark and held it in his hands of force. “Forgive me Osiris,” he whispered as the flame grew.
Barran blew on the flame. It grew hotter and hotter fanned by the hands of the elementals of fire. The sphere started to grow faster and faster. He struggled to contain and mold the sphere of fire with his ethereal hands. He focused the energy into his ankh storing, storing, storing. Barran exhaled and hurled the sphere at the second wall.    
Tha-Wal felt it instantly. The sun was here, coming. He threw his hands high, palms open. “Shield!” The sky ripped open above Tha-Wal, a tear in the fabric of reality and a cloak of stars wrapped around his body.
A fireball lobbed over the wall from the ground below and burst on impact with the cloak of stars covering the gnome, turning the stone around him to glass, burning even the air itself. The roar echoed away and those around him froze in shock to see the flames sucked into the little wizard’s cloak of stars. Then they saw the gnome on one knee stagger back up to his feet. Tha-wal waved away the cloaked of stars and stood laughing having survived the flames of the sun itself.
Tha-Wal took a deep breath and pulled a spliff out of his sleeve. He could not let them see him sweat. He lit up the spliff from his ring and looked out over the wall. “Missed me, asshole! Anyone got a drink?” He looked around at the stunned Raak. “Well? A Drink?”
“Taken out, Sire.” High Priest Barran got to his feet and brushed the dust from his robe. “No one could survive a ball of eldritch flame, Sire.”
“Very good!” Lightbearer had watched the white column of fire rip through the space over the second wall. The wizard-gnome was fried. That was high-powered stuff. Praise Osiris. “That’s that then.” The second wave hit the wall.
Zaburo leaped down from the top of the wall to meet the runners. “Report!”
“Dripping Eye report more than three in ten perished, Sire. They took heavy damage from the firebombs. The dwarfs are especially tenacious.” The runner bowed.
“Dripping Eye requests retreat?”
“Nay, Sire. He simply reports the casualties.”
“Good. Vilehand Elite, Centuries One through Four will bolster Dripping Eye. Once in place, Dripping Eye will withdraw according to plan.” He nodded and the runner left.
“Stoneheart are fine, Sire. Less than one in ten.”
“Bleeding Jaw are fine, Sire. Less than two in ten.”
“Good.” We hold here with Centuries Five, Six, and Seven. The remaining will go to Bleeding Jaw. The Aelans seem concentrated there.” 
The Bleeding Jaw hated the Aelan Elves, had always hated the Aelans, a hate older than the most ancient ballads of the Raak. Hate gave strength to them along the wall. A few Aelans made it to the top of the wall only to be skewered by Vilehand Elite pikes. Their bodies piled up at the base of the wall in a nightmare collage of death.
The Stoneheart stood with King Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth. With a cool, methodical defense, they repelled the attackers. The Raak cheered as they watched the Chosen of Seth carve a pathway of death with Elfmourner as he danced down the wall, defying arrows and swords. He laughed and hurled insults as he hurled elves, dwarfs and humans from the wall with backhand swipes of his sword and powerful left hooks. He feared no one and it showed. Elfmourner howled and burst into flashes of blue and green as it sucked souls and minds. Demonax laughed as his eyes sparkled and his hair bristled with the power he drew from the ancient blade.
The Dripping Eye finally collapsed on the south end of the Wall of Night. The axe- wielding Thwarbakan dwarfs carved open a gap with a few suicidal attacks before a small group took the wall and held their ground. Clan Chief Dripping Eye fell under a dwarfish axe in an unsuccessful rally to push them off the wall. 
The Dripping Eyes fell back as the Vilehand Elite charged into the battle. Unfortunately, by the time the Vilehand Elite closed in on the Dripping Eye positions the dwarfs were pouring through the gap and spreading out in an arc from the breach. There were too many for even the Vilehand Elite to stop.  The Wall of Night had been breached. For the first time in history the enemy had breached Seth’s domain.
Tha-Wal quickly reached into his pouch and pulled out a labeled pouch with everything prepared. He knelt down in the circle and drew a triangle inside the circle with his dagger. He poured the pouch's contents on the ground. He took the eye of lizard and the gem of flame in his left hand. He picked up the scale of a dragon and feather of griffin in the other. He concentrated on each in turn and waited until the purple-red glow in the palm of his hand faded. Then he tossed the eye and gem into the air.
The air swirled in a swirling cloud of purple and red smoke that grew slowly, and then popped like a bubble. A huge red dragon stepped out of the smoke onto the center wall. It was forty paces long, covered in flickering crimson flames along its spiked spinal scales. At the end of a long snout filled with dripping black teeth, puffs of smoke curled out of its huge nostrils. An ancient evil filled those bright yellow eyes. Its huge talons clacked on the stone as it slowly looked around and stretched it legs. It stretched wide its leathery wings and yawned. The fiery dragon stared out over the wall and stared at the dwarfs streaming over the first wall.
The Raak had not been warned. They froze in terror at the monstrous dragon on their wall. They were nothing more than snacks. The dragon stared passed them at the dwarfs and snorted out a cloud of reeking brimstone. Spreading its wings wide, it leapt from the wall a long majestic glide. It soared silently over the advancing Vilehand Elite and plowed right into a thick clump of dwarfs, scattering them like mice as it skidded across the stone.
The dragon plucked up a dwarf in his talons and crushed him before dropping him with disgust. He crushed another two with a snap of his spiked tail. The dwarfs panicked. The dragon glared down the line and spat out a long column of searing flames into the dwarfs trying to come over the wall. The dwarfs shrieked, hurling themselves off the wall to escape the monstrous lizard. Its fearsome gaze swept around and he spat another long column of flame into a particularly troublesome group who were trying to rally on the wall. It lurched forward and grabbed another with his huge talons and crushed the life from him, snorting out brimstone as it laughed. 
Prince Clearsoul vaulted himself from his ladder over the wall, landing with a clang of armor and a roar of rage. This was what he had been destined to do. He would lead the first victory over the People of Seth. He and his Century of plated Lords of Light, the greatest warriors of the Alliance would end this battle for the glory of Osiris.  His first sight was a huge dragon landing on the wall and chewing up the dwarfs with fearsome speed. A dragon was mauling them. It spat once, twice. Clearsoul whirled his glowing broadsword over his head and charged. He would slay this foul creature of the pits. They would sing of his bravery for a thousand years.
Before he could reach the dragon, it spat out another cone of flame, killing dozens more. Now Clearsoul he felt confident. Everyone knew that dragons could only breathe fire three times a day. Now all he had to do was get in there and dust this bastard. The dragon turned its attention to him and laughed. It spat a cone of fire at him.
Clearsoul was shocked to the core. That cannot be! Impossible. Ten of his men were fried dead. If he had not been holding his blessed sword he would have been charcoal by now. Either that flame was not real, or that dragon is not. For a brief moment, he thought he could see through the dragon. It was a powerful illusion. Clearsoul whipped out his dagger and hurled it into the dragon’s face. The dagger smashed the floating eye and gem. The dragon was gone.
Prince Clearsoul raised his sword in triumph. “For the Light!”
Scather took up his longbow and tested the string. Those around him found this to be curious for a member of the Shadow Warriors to set aside the crossbow for a human weapon. He spurned the crossbow. It was not condescension for the crossbow. He could use it well enough, but preferred the bow. His part-human heritage allowed him to draw the heavy bow more than most of his full Raak brothers. 
He wet his finger and held it up to check the wind. Scather slid a long black arrow with red and gold feathers out of his quiver and notched it he carefully. Scather whipped up the longbow aimed down the shaft let off the shot in one smooth motion. Clearsoul saw it coming at the last moment, just after it burst into a streaking bolt of blue lightning. The Holy Warrior’s head was blown off, vaporized in a violet-blue explosion. Clearsoul’s headless body stood for a moment, and then fell stiffly back onto the ground, still clutching its glowing sword.
Scather raised his bow over and howled. “Seth!” 
The Raak warriors led by Tha-Wal along the second wall let down chain nets all along the length of the wall. Tha-Wal stood in his command hut and took a long drag off a spliff. He was drained, but he knew that he was still needed. This spliff should help keep him in the game. The dragon had been pretty good. Now the attackers would be at his doorstep. He needed a few minutes.
The two Darksoul priests that served as his aides were in awe of this powerful wizard-gnome. Never had one such as Tha-Wal fought in the name of Seth and with the Raak. They had seen him set the sky on fire, hurl a ball of fire, and command a great fiery dragon. Surely, destiny was with Demonax Vilehand and the People of Seth if he had servants such as this one.
Demonax realized that the south wall had fallen. Despite the fiery tricks, the Osirans would roll then up and wipe them out. He ordered his signalman to sound the retreat. Three loud blasts. The clans began an immediate running retreat back to the second wall. They scrambled up the chain nets and passed through their brothers. The mood was a good one, lots of cheers and high fives as the Stoneheart, Dripping Eye, and Bleeding Jaw scaled up the ladders, down the stairs, and out of the Wall of Night into the Valley of Shadows beyond.
The Vilehand Elite threw themselves into battle, fighting to give the clans time to withdraw. Lightbearer scanned the walls and realized what was happening. They had poked a hole in the Raak defenses and the beast men were in retreat. He drew out his greatsword. It was time for that bit of personal involvement. They sounded the Grand Charge!
All along the wall, the third wave surged over the walls in too many places to stop. Demonax sounded withdraw and they began to sprint to the second wall, but not before he gutted another elf. As the Vilehand Elite scrambled up the second wall, hundreds of Aelan archers started to pick them off until the Raak crossbows started up and started mowing down the Aelans in retaliation.
The Osirans charged over the outer wall and without stopping charged the second wall. There were simply too many of them to stop.
Demonax took a lit spliff from Tha-Wal and took a deep pull. “Well, that was lots of fun,” he said as he blew out the smoke. “Okay, now we play it by the numbers. When the bolts run out, get out of there. We will cover your retreat from the third wall. Once you clear the passages, let us know. We will take care of the rest. My tent for supper?”
“That would be fine, say sundown?”  Tha-Wal took a puff and wandered away.
King Demonax Vilehand shook Scather’s hand. “That was one ace fucking shot!” 
“We aim to please,” Scather said with a smile. “I would you rather stay here at this point, Chosen One. There is no need for you to go back. We can still cover the retreat. Everything else is ready to go.”
Demonax laughed. “No. I am the Chosen of Seth. I have to be there at all times. I have to be or they will not fight for me. As long as I fight, the Raak fight. See you in about an hour.” With that, Demonax Vilehand leaped back over the wall to rejoin the Vilehand Elite on the wall below.
He got back a bit early. Thirty minutes later, the raging Osirans broke over the second wall, despite having suffered heavy casualties from the constant barrage of crossbow bolts. The problem with a crossbow is that it takes time to reload. A lot can happen in a few seconds. A man, or an elf, or a dwarf can scale a wall in no time at all. 
Tha-Wal ordered a general retreat minutes later when the last of the crossbow bolts were exhausted. Scather’s men on the third wall dropped chain ladders. King Demonax Vilehand and the Vilehand Elite stayed behind fighting to hold the wall as Tha-Wal and his men retreated. After the clans had scampered down through the hallways of the Wall of Night, the Vilehand Elite retreated to the last wall, under a covering barrage of crossbow fire from the third wall.
Demonax supervised the withdrawal of the Elite, and then scampered up a rope dropped down to him by Scather. “Everything ready?” he asked as he leaped down from the wall.
“Anytime,” replied Scather as he pulled the rope up.
The Osirans had surged up over the second wall, sensing victory within their grasp.  They were bolstered by reports that Lightbearer himself had personally come to the wall. As the last of the defenders vanished into the doorways, Lightbearer himself came over the second wall. 
King Lightbearer drew himself up and held out his hand for his bow. His aide handed him his longbow and Lightbearer started firing at the defenders on the third wall. Each glittering arrowhead exploded into a five-foot ball of white fire, blowing chunks of basalt into the defender’s faces or defenders into charcoal. Each shot was accurately placed to support his men as they set their siege ladders into place.
Scather turned to Demonax. “I would say he is pissed.”
“It would seem so.” He butted his spliff on the wall. ”Do it?”
“Yeah.”
Scather raised Nightwind high over his head. The clans moved to the great ropes knotted into the holes atop the wall and sawed into them with their swords. One by one the ropes snapped, vanishing into holes in the top of the third wall. Huge stones throughout the entire structure of the wall slid down and sealed the doors from the top of the wall and the second level. All throughout the wall, stones slid, readjusted, halls vanished, rooms disappeared. All throughout the wall, the grinding and sliding stones made the wall vibrate slightly. The gates would be useless. The only way into the Valley of Shadows would be over the Wall of Night, not through it. It would take the dwarf sappers days to chop through that stone.
The last of the clans began rappelling down the third wall into the Valley of Shadows below. The Vilehand Elite on the third wall hit the invaders with a surprise volley of boiling oils that had been bubbling in small rooms inside the wall since the battle started. Scather opened them just after Demonax ordered the Vilehand Elite to withdraw. It would give the Vilehand Elite a breather and save a few lives.
The screams of the attackers were like music to their ears as they ran laughing across the hundred paces across the top of the wall. They hurled readied coils of rope over the wall. Without hesitation the Vilehand Elite hurled themselves over the wall with howls of glee.
The last of the Vilehand Elite rappelled down the walls to the cheers of the assembled clans below. They cheered when the gnome came down on the back of an Elite warrior. They cheered when Scather came down, waving Nightwind with one hand and the sliding down the rope with the other. 
Demonax Vilehand stayed on the wall until the last, standing defiantly on the ledge. He held Elfmourner high for all to see, casting a long majestic shadow. He lit up a spliff from the torch on the wall and waited. His arrogance and regal bearing inspired the Raak gathered below to chant. “Vilehand! Vilehand! Vilehand!”
Lightbearer came over the third wall. It was abandoned. Abandoned but for one lone warrior standing atop the last wall smoking a spliff. Lightbearer handed his bow back to his aide and pulled Holy Miraculus out of its golden sheath. He looked up and down the wall and smiled. The last of the Raak were gone from the Wall of Night. All that remained was that upstart with a theatrical flair. It had to be King Demonax Vilehand. Flanked by his High Priest and his bodyguards he strolled across the stone to face Seth’s Chosen One. “It is done, Evil One! Accept your fate!”
King Demonax Vilehand laughed. “Fuck you!” He roared it loud enough to be heard for quite the distance. He slid Elfmourner into its sheath over his right shoulder and flicked the half-smoked spliff at the Chosen of Osiris. He reached down and gathered the rope in his hand, looped it around his waist and leaped off the wall. He rappelled down the wall and landed solidly on his feet at the base of the wall. Tha-Wal handed him a lit spliff and they walked together to meet the cheering warriors.
“Well, at least he finally talked to me,” commented Lightbearer to Barran as Demonax vanished over the wall. 
“So what’s on?” Demonax exhaled a stream of purple smoke out through his nostrils
“Pate with watercress salad with a main course of emu steak in black bean sauce.”
“Sounds good enough,” said Zaburo.


 
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Men will wrangle for religion; write for it; fight for it; die for it; anything but live for it.
-Charles Colton

King Lightbearer IV strode to the edge of the wall and stared down into the Valley of Shadows. The shadows were long now, the sun having sunk behind him and the wall. Lightbearer turned so he could see the sun setting under the distant River Yax. He was the first Human king to see the sun set over the Wall of Night and to see down into the Valley of Shadows as it sank into darkness. He turned back to the Valley of Shadows and sighed. It had been a good but bloody day.
Down below the fires of the Raak burned like thousands of stars on the floor of the Valley of Shadows. And there, brazenly off in the distance sat the Regal Tent of Demonax Vilehand. It was lit with a hundred torches. He defied the Chosen of Light. He told his people that Seth was with them. He told them that today’s defeat was a victory and that Seth’s Chosen would lead them to victory. He had no fear when he should be terrified. Demonax Vilehand was stupid and had to die.
Lightbearer ordered his men to man the walls for the night. Each level of the wall was filled with troops taking advantage of the lull in the fighting to rest and get a good meal away from the cold ground. Only the Thwarbakan Sappers were working around the clock methodically cutting their way through the basalt and granite blocks inside the Wall of Night. The dwarven Engineers had been impressed at the quality of the Raak workmanship and considered it a formidable challenge.
Lightbearer sat down on the edge of the wall and marveled at the sight below. The Valley of Shadows fanned open to about twenty miles wide. It was as if it had been carved out of the ragged and deep mountains, surrounded by impassable walls half a mile high. Only off in the distance, about ten miles northeast was the only other gorge that led from the Valley of Shadows, Leerzej.  Out there his son and heir would be coming to meet him. In the distance, twenty miles away, night torches ablaze, was Gaathmargh itself. Never before had the Chosen of Light seen this sight. Below was the heart of darkness itself. 
Lightbearer wanted to jump to his feet and cheer like an insane fool. His glee was almost overpowering, but still he sat there, his only apparent emotion, a small smile on his face. Prince Clearsoul, his second son had fallen, thousands had died, but they had won a great victory today. His sacrifice would be remembered for generations to come. He got up and turned to his assembled generals. They bowed somberly.. 
Lightbearer accepted a goblet of wine and took a sip. “Down below is the very heart of darkness. It is the Valley of Shadows and Gaathmargh itself. The hand of Osiris has led us to this place. Shortly, Prince Soulbright will lead his Legion into the Valley of Shadows and we shall leave the vile sons of Seth no place to go. They shall perish and no one shall ever again raise the name of Seth in praise.” 
High Priest Barran came up to the throne and bowed. “We have news from Leerzej, milord.” Their eyes met. “A messenger from Prince Soulbright.”
“Your pardon, sire. Thelonious the Monk at your service.” The young monk bowed.  “The Prince is on the way. They have left the Darvuunians to face the Draakkans. It will be a slaughter.”
High Priest Barran stepped forward. “Forgive him, sire. He is young, a Temple runner.”
Lightbearer laughed. “We would hide the truth from those who would ask? No forgiveness is necessary.” He turned to the young monk. “Young Thelonious, Seth and those who serve him are a cancer in the body of life. They have no belief in the sanctity of life. The strong takes what it wants. They gather the strongest predators into gangs that prey on the weak, the creative, and the gentle. They crush beauty under their heels for personal power and possessions. They are loyal to those whom they know they cannot depose, and so must serve at risk of personal extinction. Let them detect a moment of weakness and they will strike.” 
Lightbearer took a sip of wine and looked around. “There is more to life than power and possessions. There is the beauty we see in the form of a rose, or hear in the music borne from the minds of mortals. Why should men rise every day filled with fear, wasting time learning weapons and how to kill? You look around and see a sea of weapons proclaiming the Light and you wonder how this can be? Is there no difference between them?” He nodded his head sadly. “It falls to some of us to fight, to excise this in death brought by your own hand.”
“I thank you, Great Sire, for your words.” Thelonious bowed and withdrew.
High Priest Barran sighed and led the young monk outside. “It is not your place to question the judgment of Light’s Champion, Thelonious.”
Thelonious lowered his eyes. “Sometimes the actions of the righteous seem to differ little from the actions of the damned.”
Barran shrugged. “We serve the Light. That makes us right. That is all you need to know.” He rested his hand on the monk’s shoulder. “Be at peace, son.” 
King Silverthorne of Aelus looked at King Lightbearer and remained stone-faced, his usual demeanor. He was rather dour for an Aelan elf. “The young priest is a fool,’ he muttered under his breath. ‘He may feel that way, but we do not. We fought the Raak for dark and miserable lives. Our cause is just. That is enough.”
Lightbearer looked at Silverthorne and sighed. He was seeing the civilized veneer stripping away from the Aelan King. The old elf, who so delicately caressed his roses, speaking to them in his extensive gardens at Aelanis, had become a brutally efficient warrior with all traces of gentleness wiped away. Light and gentleness in his garden was gone when he drew his sword.
King Stonebolt seemed easier to understand. Old Stonebolt almost seemed happy to be back to finish what happened over twenty years ago. The Vilehand Invasion of Darvuun had ended with the defeat and death of Thanos Vilehand, King of the Raak at the Battle of Kuranas. It had been said the Vilehand were extinct. It would seem the rumors were in error. Normally dour, he was almost beaming. He had not been there when King Thanos Vilehand had been slain, but he seemed to be certain he would not miss the grand finale this time. 
Lightbearer sighed. It was all about balance. In its own strange sort of way, the balance remained as long as he held his place. Those around him could shift as long as Osiris was all. All served their places in the skein of destiny, even if he had a hell of time keeping track of it all. That was why Lightbearer was Lord of Light. It was why the heavy hand of the Light rested on his shoulder.
 
King Demonax Vilehand pushed away his plate and leaned back in his chair with his goblet of ale. He burped and wiped the grease from his mouth with his sleeve. He accepted a lit spliff from his aide and waved him out of the tent. That just left him, Tha-Wal and Scather.
“Any word from Rato-Malcasta?” Tha-Wal set down his goblet and lit up a spliff with his fire ring.
“We have a letter from Rato-Malcasta and the clans Festering Fist and Crimson Blade,” said Scather. He smiled. “The Soulbright Legion was annihilated. Soulbright is dead. Our casualties are less than ten percent. Current strength: two legions Raak and one legion Darvuun and Elite Darvuun.”
“Well, those are the numbers from our brothers in Seth. What does Rato-Malcasta say?” Demonax took a toke and nodded to Scather.
Scather unrolled the scroll from Rato-Malcasta. It had been sealed in three places with the sigil of Darvuun. “As you know, he can be a bit verbose.” He began to read:
“To My Brothers in Seth, Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun extends his hand in friendship to the Chosen of Seth and the Raak People. We have severed all obligations to the Osiran Alliance and raised our swords with our brothers. We have joined with the Festering Fist and the Crimson Blade and have slain the Soulbright Legion. We pledge the swords of Darvuun to your cause and beg leave to join you to repel the foul invaders of your most ancient lands. All Glory to Seth!”
 “A bit verbose, but he is playing the game well. History must weave its pattern,” commented Demonax. “With the north clear, we will have the chance to really grab them by the balls. The only thing is that Rato-Malcasta’s victory was too fast. I expected it to take a day or two. Who would have expected total victory in one battle? Soulbright was more incompetent than we thought. I thought he might make it a real battle.” He lit up a spliff from the candle.
Demonax blew out the smoke. “We need to delay them a bit until we can get Lightbearer into the Valley and committed. If he sees that Soulbright has been defeated, he might try to get out and cut his losses. We have to get his Legions onto the Valley before we hook them in the groin. Lightbearer will have no choice but to take that shot. If he doesn’t, he is dead.”
“Once the exits are sealed, it is going to get very nasty indeed,” observed Tha-Wal. “It will be like two cats in a sack.”
“It will be nasty,” replied Demonax. “But it heightens the drama. The next couple of days we will fight a fast retreat to Gaathmargh. We must avoid a pitched battle on open ground.
“So how do we get Rato-Malcasta to wait? He is going to have a hard time stalling the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade. Telling them to wait is not going to set well with them, especially coming from a dwarf.” Scather took a mouthful of wine. “They see the danger.”
Tha-Wal smiled. “Tell them to enter the Valley under the Ancient Protocols.”
“I don’t get it,” commented Scather.
“The Protocols refer to the order of procession, in other words, which comes in first. Now everywhere else, except here, a King is seen as having first precedence in this manner, an equal to the monarch of the visited nation. That being the case, Rato-Malcasta comes in first. However, the Raak never subscribed to the Protocols because no one would treat them as equals. In Raak Protocol, the clan Festering Fist have the right to be first as this is Festering Fist territory.” Tha-Wal smiled. “I’m a student of history as well.”
“Naturally, Festering Fist will be too bull-headed to compromise and will have to appeal to King Vilehand to intervene in this dispute. Normally they would just resolve it with swords, but Rato-Malcasta is an ally and friend of The Vilehand. Cross The Chosen would be a fatal error. Each wants to be the one to take the first cheers when they came into the Valley of Shadows, but they don’t want to incur Seth’s wrath.” Scather laughed. 
Demonax nodded. “Do it. Invoke the Ancient Protocols. Send three runners out within the hour. You have a lawyer’s mind at times, Sir Gnome.” 
Tha-Wal laughed. “There is much magic and power in words. There are many different kinds of power.”
They finished their last drinks and spliffs then headed off to bed. Tomorrow would be an interesting day.  

Rato-Malcasta knew what Demonax’s words meant and played the game. He sent messages to the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade informing them he would lead them into the Valley of Shadows tomorrow. The Festering Fist refused, claiming the Right of Precedence according to Raak Law, Rato-Malcasta flew into a very publicly righteous rage. He was obstinate and arrogant deferring only to the Darksoul priests who tried to mediate this problem.                                  
“By taking up a treaty with Darvuun the Raak Empire must comply with the Ancient Protocols.”  Emperor Rato-Malcasta glared at the Festering Fist chieftain and the Darksoul priest. “It is the Rule of Nations.”
Clan-Lord Festering Fist strenuously resisted that idea. “King Demonax Vilehand has not instructed me to change Raak Law. These are Raak lands, subject to Raak law. We will enter the Valley of Shadows first.”
“That will not happen, Clan-Lord. If you would join the host of civilized nations you will step aside. Would you let the Legions of Light ravage the lands Seth gave to your race because you will not be civilized?”
Clan-Lord Festering Fist snorted and started to draw his sword. “We have served Seth and his Chosen Ones for more than ten thousand years, Dwarf.” 
The priest grabbed the chieftain’s hand and kept the blade in its sheath. “The Chosen will not be merciful to one who draws a blade on his friend.”
“Fear not Priest,” cursed Rato-Malcasta. “Mercy will not be required for one who is dead.”
The High Priest grumbled under his breath for a moment. “I do not understand the wisdom of this alliance, but Seth does not ask that of me. He commands we obey. We will obey.”
After a day and a half of arguing, some threats and a few near-fist fights, they agreed to request King Demonax Vilehand intervene in the dispute. The Darksoul sent a messenger to King Demonax for his answer, but warned all the leaders that Demonax Vilehand would likely get rather pissed.
 
Lightbearer looked down into the Valley of Shadows. He pursed his lips and shook his head. This was going to be a real pain. This was a job for the Light-Rangers.
Aelan archers manned the wall and fired a few shafts out towards the Raak lines at the extreme range of their bows. There was no way the Raak could prevent them from coming down the wall. Their crossbows did not have the range.  The Light-Rangers were the first to rappel down the wall. They took up defensive positions as the troops up top dropped down net ladders and began scrambling down into the valley. The entire Fourth Legion took less than an hour to get down from the wall.
While the Fourth Legion formed up, the Light-Rangers advanced carefully, their shields up to protect from the expected crossbow attacks. When they discovered covered pits or caltrop fields they marked them with yellow caution flags.
Once the Osirans hit the outer markers, the Raak opened up with a solid volley of crossbow bolts into the slinking Light-Rangers. Popping up from hundreds of foxholes the Raak fired point-blank into the Osiran Light-Rangers. Most of the rangers hit the dirt when they saw the ugly beastly faces. A few Light-Rangers bought it, but not as many as the Raak might have liked. Most of the bolts soared over the enemy, falling in front of the advancing Fourth Legion.
King Demonax slowly gave ground to the Light-Rangers, surrounded by men of the Stoneheart and his Vilehand Elite in the center of the defensive squares. He could see the Stoneheart troops facing the Fourth Legion in front of him.  To his rear, the Dripping Eye and Bleeding Jaw were firing crossbow bolts into the advancing Osirans who were swarming down over the wall into the Valley of Shadows with little effect. 
The sun had finally set. Demonax and his men dug shallow foxholes in the sand and waited for the Osiran scouts. He clutched his battle-axe in his left hand, absently twirling it as he waited for the Osirans to advance. He could feel Elfmourner moan against his skin. It could sense the killing to come and wanted to drink their essence. When the Stoneheart fired their crossbows Demonax Vilehand smiled. He looked around at his warriors and smiled. “It’s time to dance.” He shouldered his axe and drew Elfmourner. The sword purred in his hand like a cuddly leopard.
Tha-Wal heard the Ebony Tusk fire into the advancing enemy and butted his spliff into the dirt with the end of his battle staff. Around him, his Darksoul aides drew out their maces. Their maces were covered in flesh-ripping spikes that made horrible and seriously painful wounds. They had even taken the time to dip them in their excrement before the battle. He took a small pouch from his belt and twirled it slowly. “I’ll bet we drew the elves again,” he muttered to himself.
Scather Bloodhand lay on the slope of a foxhole when the first of the Shadow Warriors let loose their volley on the dwarfish troops charging across the plain. Lightbearer had little imagination. That would be to Scather’s benefit. They had already managed to assess weakness and take advantage of what they had learned on the wall. Morale was shaken a bit by having been the first to give way at the wall. That was why the Shadow Warriors would start this round. 
Scather knelt and tested his longbow. It was nice and tight. He stuck a few arrows into the dirt in front of him and looked around at the Shadow Warriors near him. “It’s time to kick ass, lads. Strike sure and solid for the glory of Seth.”
Demonax could feel Elfmourner humming evilly and impatiently in his hand. He breathed deeply, drawing in a full breath just as the Osiran trumpets sounded attack and rushed forward. Demonax nodded to his signalman. The conch sounded one long tone.
The front line of the Raak retreated, immediately taking up positions in the second line one hundred paces back. They had no intention of getting blasted out the front line by Osiran archers. The Osirans charged the line, screaming their battle cries. The Raak had abandoned their positions and were fleeing back in good order.
In front of King Demonax, the Lords of Light, Lightbearer’s finest Light-Rangers advanced. Snipers from foxholes fired into the Osirans, forcing them to slow their advance. They charged the snipers. Sometimes they found an abandoned sniper nest, other times they found small squads of warriors covering the Raak withdrawal who had to be dislodged by force. Fighting in a moonless night, hundreds of humans clad in plated scales slaughtered the lightly armored Raak in the foxholes.
Ten feet away, a screaming Light Temple Guard charged King Demonax Vilehand, Chosen of Seth, his battle-axe whirling over his head. Demonax grabbed a trio of throwing stars from his bandoleer and snap-fired one after the other into the axeman. The first two bounced off the heavy plate armor. The third vanished into the eyehole of the silver winged helmet causing him to stumble. Demonax speared Elfmourner through the human’s chest plate. He twisted hard and yanked back, letting the warrior fall at his feet.
Demonax spun to the side to meet an Osiran spearman in full charge. He snapped a star into the inside of the warrior’s elbow, satisfied with the howl of pain. The second star bounced off the winged helmet. Demonax leaped forward and grabbed the shaft of the spear and yanked the warrior into Elfmourner’s razor tip. The sword exploded out through the back plate of the armor, then screeched as he ripped the eldritch blade out of the corpse. He howled with laughter as he tossed away the corpse.
The Vilehand Elite and the Stoneheart Clan met the best of Lightbearer’s army in the darkness with savage glee, inspired by the madness of The Chosen One. Swords and axes and spears clashed, screams of pain and triumph, howls of rage and hatred, was all that there was now. The Osirans fought as if mad. The Raak fought because they were mad to find this foul scum on their sacred lands. There was no quarter, no mercy.
In the centre, the fearless example of The Chosen One inspired the Raak. Even grievously wounded, the beast men fought and died for Seth and His Chosen One. Only death stayed their hand. All down the lines there were deeds of glory and fearsome bravery that might one day live in the memories of the clans. 
There was the glorious death of Annorok One-Ear. While transfixed on an Osiran spear, he stood long enough to kill three enemies with his axe before finally being pulled off his feet and cut down. He howled praises to Seth as he died. 
Obabdan One-Nut slew two plate-mailed Humans with his bare hands after they broke his halberd with their greatswords. He strangled one with each hand, holding them high and laughing as they dangled in front of him. Another Human skewered him with a javelin at point blank range. 
There were many others.
 Eventually, the sheer numbers of the Osirans and their superior armor were too much for the Stoneheart warriors. The flanks were beginning to buckle and Demonax knew it was time to retreat. The sun would be rising soon and he did not want to be caught out in the open. The Vilehand Elite was ferocious in their defense of their king, but that would not allow him to hold the length of the line. It was time to remove his men from engaging the Osirans any further.
The Osirans, by now had decided to take out King Demonax himself. Lord Skylight, a much-heralded Lord of Light, a Holy Warrior of the Order of Morning, lead a company of heavy shock troops into the battle. He wanted the honor of killing Demonax Vilehand. He charged the Vilehand standard.
Demonax saw the Osiran oaf roar and laughed. He looked like an asshole, with bright feathers flying from his winged open-faced helmet. His robe was pure white, as was his hair and beard. His light purple cloak indicated he was related to royalty. His heavy broadsword, clutched in golden gauntlets was glowing pale yellow. What cliché factory had this guy come from?
Lord Skylight roared out a challenge. “Face me, Foulest of Seth.”
King Demonax Vilehand laughed. Well, maybe the retreat could wait a minute. He stepped over a fallen Osiran, Elfmourner still dripping blood and looked over Skylight with disgust. He held open his arms and grinned. “Any time, buddy.” The battle seemed to stop.
Lord Skylight charged. Demonax pulled out his hand crossbow from under his right arm and felt the wings snap open and lock. He whipped it up and shot Skylight between the eyes at point-blank range. The Holy Warrior staggered. Demonax casually took his head with Elfmourner. He stepped back to avoid the spurting blood while holstering his small crossbow. 
He looked down at the corpse and shook his head. “What a dick,” he commented. He looked around quickly. “Withdraw, warriors of Seth,” he yelled. 
The Osirans continued to spread out into the Valley of Shadows, pouring over the wall continuously throughout the night. The continuous skirmishes did little to slow them down. They kept fighting hoping to pin the Raak down to a final battle, but that never happened. 
In battle after battle the legend of Demonax Vilehand grew, spread through the troops by the Stoneheart who retreated back into the ranks. Stories of Demonax’s maniacal joy in battle, his laughter in the face of such odds, his merciless and brutal killing of all his enemies made him larger than life. He was the Chosen of Seth. He could be no other. He did not fear to lead from the front ranks. He wielded his screaming sword in the service of Seth and in service to the Raak.
By dawn, it was apparent the Stoneheart would be done here. The last of their units were retreating across the Valley of Shadows while laughing and joking. Demonax sent out runners to Clan-Lord Stoneheart and Dripping Eye and soon the Raak clans began to retreat back to the agreed meeting spot designated by a Vilehand pennant. By the time the sun had risen, Lightbearer was standing on the plain watching the Raak jogging across the valley down the wide cobblestone road.
Fifteen miles away, the Vilehand Pavilion stood off the side of the cobblestone road. Dug in and ready, the plate-mailed Vilehand Elite surrounded the King’s headquarters. The Clan-Lords reported to King Demonax Vilehand’s pavilion as ordered. They were surprised to find a festive atmosphere. They arrived to find a fine meal of roast boar and ale.
Demonax was smoking a spliff and sipping a mug of coffee. His clothing was fresh and clean and there were still splatters of blood on his armor. “I would say we have done well, Tha-Wal. That dragon was pretty neat. The men have been talking about it all day.”
 Tha-Wal sat on a pile of cushions with his coffee mug puffing on a spliff as well. The gnome looked out over the gathered warriors and grinned. “An illusion can be as real as the real thing if you believe it. Mental sleight of hand can be a killer.”
“If they ever get their hands on you Tha-Wal, they will chop you to pieces. Battle magic has been forbidden for thousands of years.” Scather took a puff from his spliff.
“Forbidden? Those bastards used incendiaries on the wall. They had their wizards drop the Prismatic Wall and set the Draakkans loose. They even tried to fireball me on the wall just yesterday.”
“Ahh, but those were priests, not wizards,” said Demonax. “That doesn’t count.”
“Oh really. It was Osiran wizards who dropped the Wall. And when the last of the Raak are blow into ashes, that won’t count? Those bastards are wizard-priests. All I am doing is evening the odds.”
Demonax laughed. “If we fail, we are dead so it does not matter. If we win, they are dead and it does not matter. The winner writes the tale in the end. All I know is that the clans love you and will fight for you. For them to fight for a gnome is … unusual. ”
The gnome laughed as he butted his spliff in the dirt. “They are a fun bunch.” He lit another spliff with a small finger flame. “They have lots of fight in them.”
“Excellent. We will need them to be on the ball. Are you ready to keep going?”
“Some food and a few hours sleep will be enough.”
Demonax nodded. “Good enough. Seventy percent stand-down. We will move at dark.”  Tha-Wal and Scather headed off to their lines after a quick meal, leaving Demonax in his pavilion with his Clan-Lords.
Demonax came to the Clan-Lord Stoneheart and clutched his hand. “I am very pleased at the work of the Stoneheart. You have served Seth well. Always shall the Clan Stoneheart have a place of honor with the Vilehand.” He looked around at his Clan-Lords and smiled. “All of you have fought well.” 
“I am honored, Chosen One.” Stoneheart bowed slightly and smiled.
“You are to retreat to the Wall of Stars. You will take up your positions there. We will meet you there. Again, I thank the Stoneheart.” He turned to Clan-Lord Dripping Eye. “The bastard Lightbearer will not stop his attack now. They will continue to advance thinking they are winning. They cannot give us the chance to regroup or rest. We must help them keep moving. That is fine by us. Keep them off balance and not thinking only reacting. All clans will retreat as planned.”
Clan-Lord Dripping Eye bowed. “It shall be as you command, Chosen One. You fare well?”
“Never better, Clan-Lord. I’ve always liked a good fight.” Demonax lit another spliff with his pinkie ring. “However, for the moment enjoy the roasted elf and the kegs of beer. And to thank all of you, Scather Bloodhand will hand out a humidor of spliffs for your enjoyment.”
The sun had set and the moon was new, and the fighting continued. Scather Bloodhand and Demonax led small skirmishing units into the Osiran front lines. The Osirans had dug into small trenches on the plain and from time-to-time fired flare arrows into the night. They also responded by sending out squads of Elves and Dwarfs to seek out the Raak skirmishers and protect their forward positions. 
Scather Bloodhand found his unit cut off by elements of the Thwarbak Axe shortly after midnight. He and a few dozen Shadow Warriors had been laying down fierce volleys of poisoned black arrows into the forward trenches, when a contingent of Thwarbak Axe overran his position. The dwarfs swarmed by them and then swung south.
Scather realized that his position had been compromised. They were in serious danger of being taken out of the game. Scather whistled twice then moved silently and struck. The Shadow Warriors rose from their cover, unleashing a horrific barrage of arrows into the dwarven rear. Scather and the Shadow Warriors attacked. To stay too long would simply have them rolled over by the massive Alliance advance coming up right behind them. They cut down the Dwarfs ruthlessly and escaped the encirclement.
Scather was filled with a savage bloodlust. He crushed a dwarven skull with a wild overhand swing with Nightwind. The useless horned helmet had split wide open when the flat of Scather’s sword came down on his head. Scather spun free, backhanding another across the face with his spiked gauntlets. The spike snagged on the eyehole. Scather almost stumbled when the dwarf spun into the air. He shook the dwarf like a booger from his thumb, sending him crashing into another dwarf.
Scather hoofed another in the groin with a quick kick before running him through with Nightwind. He killed saying nothing; his face had a sly sardonic smile that radiated contempt and amusement. Sometimes they froze in fear before him. Scather did not spare them. Nightwind cut them down after he let loose a powerful mental blast that stunned or dropped them so they were easy prey.
Scather laughed. The poor fools had never had a chance before his withering blasts of mental power. It slowed them down, staggered them, and that made Scather Bloodhand a greater warrior than he might have seemed. In the end, the result was all that mattered.
The Shadow Warriors cut through the dwarfs and fled with the some of the surviving dwarfs hot on their heels. A final thin line of Shadow Warriors was ready for Scather. The Shadow Warriors hurled a withering volley of javelins into the charging dwarfs and then scooped up their bags and bolted. As they scampered close on Scather’s heels, the Shadow Warriors strew razor-sharp caltrops on the ground behind them. They laughed at the howls of pain as the razor-sharp caltrops sliced through their boots and into their feet.
Scather stood with Demonax smoking spliffs. “Your men are to be honored, Sire.” Scather took a deep drink from the wineskin and handed to Demonax. 
Demonax laughed. “The Shadow Warriors have also done well. Many Osirans have bitten the big one. You will retreat to the Wall of Stars now. We will join you later.”
“You will remain, Demonax? Then we will remain.” Scather shrugged. “Shadow Warriors are born of all clans. We serve all clans and the Chosen One. We will fight with you until it comes time to withdraw. Then we will join you on the wall.” Scather took a puff and thought for a moment. “My duty is to you and Seth.”

By midnight, Tha-Wal was exhausted. He had almost lost track of all he had done. It was all a blur of exploding lights, balls of fire, and jagged bolts of yellow and black lightning. The stench of seared flesh cooked by his arcane flames was everywhere. He staggered back to the Death Moon command post protected by a century of Vilehand Elite. The Ebony Tusk had already retreated hours ago. Tha-Wal’s Darksoul aides were also burnt out having drawn forth more magic than ever before. 
The Raak had enraged the Aelans by using battle magic. It violated every tenet of civilized warfare. It turned the noble warrior into nothing but fodder. Wave after wave had tried to take him out, but his eternal spliff held high roared horrible flaming death down among the Elves. The flames might be imaginary but the Osirans did not know that and died anyway. 
The Ebony Tusk had protected him well fighting savagely against their most ancient and hated enemy. It was a hate Elf and Raak savored many times in ages past. They loved the hate, thrived on it, lived for it and now died for it. Many times the Ebony Tusk had crossed swords with the Elves of Aelus. 
The Aelan rage exploded out of control at about the time the Ebony Tusk were getting ready to withdraw. The Ebony Tusk was in danger of being over-run on the left flank. The Elves had advanced methodically and quickly when Tha-Wal decided to slow them down. 
Tha-Wal had quickly located the Aelan Commander with his scrying bowl. The High Lord was consulting with a few men in a distant foxhole. The gnome smiled. 
The Darksoul aides watched the gnome go into a trance as he held onto the bowl with one hand and passed his hand over the bowl. They could feel the air crackle around them. They noticed Tha-Wal’s hair standing stiff, straight out from him head. The gnome blew onto the bowl and dropped a small stone into the water with his other hand. The water exploded into bright red flame visibly sucking a stream of energy from the gnome’s eyes into the bowl before imploding in a cloud of blue smoke. When the smoke cleared, the bowl was empty.
The sky ripped open. Dozens of balls of comet fire flashed out of the darkness, roaring down without warning. The balls burst on impact, searing blasts that exploded flesh into columns of flame. The ground burned hot, it turning all living things to ashes. Then it was gone, only a glassy crater remaining. Dozens were blasted, gone, ashes, as if they had never been. Only puddles of boiled and deformed metals remained embedded in the glass. Tha-Wal fell to his knees, covered in sweat. This was not an illusion but pure magicks. He had done that on so few occasions and it hurt.
The Aelans were fast to realize they had to eliminate this threat. Maniacal warriors swarmed Tha-Wal’s position but the gnome was gone. Tha-Wal retreated. He had drawn the power of the Lord of Shadows and had destroyed his enemies with unholy fire. Never before had such a great wizard fought in the service of Seth. Tha-Wal was burnt out and he staggered out of the area helped by his Raak Darksoul aides. They retreated faster than the enemy could advance. 
And when the sun rose, the Raak were gone, miles away across the plain.
Shortly before dawn, Tha-Wal, Scather, and Demonax sat together under Vilehand Pavilion smoking spliffs and sipping coffee. 
“We’ve done well,” said Demonax as the smoke curled out his nostrils.
“Been a lot of fun, too,” commented Scather.
“I’m seriously burnt out,” said the gnome as he lit up a spliff with a stick from the fire. “A few more spliffs and I’ll be fine.” 
“Oh well, it’s time for the next act.” Demonax lit another spliff from the butt of the first. “Everything as planned, so far. The last of the Deathmoon have made it to Gaathmargh, as has the Dripping Eye and Poison Hand. The Oozing Skulls, the Black Axe and the Bleeding Jaw will begin rapid withdraw from this camp within the hour. The Elite will cover the retreat as long as possible, if they are needed.”
The enemy was taken by surprise at the retreat. They advanced slowly but the enemy was gone, the foxholes abandoned. The retreat was well-organized and total.
The bastards are retreating! The realization went through the Osiran lines as they sped up their advance. As the sun rose, Lightbearer stared at the Valley of Shadows before him. A few miles away, the standard of the Vilehand arrogantly carried back to its festering nest by a contingent of Vilehand Elite and their foul king. Lightbearer wished his cavalry were here. He would have ridden those foul creatures down and ended this war. Alas, the dwarfs still had a bit of work before they would be able to get through the Wall of Night. That was a real pain. Still, there was satisfaction in watching the Raak run home with their tails between their legs.
Off to the north, the gaping ravine of Leerzej beckoned. He would have liked to go there and meet Soulbright, his cherished son and heir. He looked forward to his son Soulbright’s arrival. Together they would bring down the walls of Gaathmargh and end the war eternal. It would be his greatest legacy, a proud one to leave those who would come after he was gone. There would be peace and all would embrace the pathway to the light. The end of ten thousand years of war would be his legacy.
It had been many months since he had seen his son. It seemed so long ago that Soulbright had taken his Legion to Darvuun, ostensibly to aid the Darvuunians in the war they were having with the Draakka. It was simply unfortunate that the Raak presented him an opportunity that came once in an age. So he summoned Soulbright and abandoned the Darvuunians to their fate. Soulbright was needed elsewhere. Lightbearer would deal with the Draakka another time. The fate of a bunch of Seth worshipping Darvuunians was nothing when compared to a chance to end a war began in the most ancient of days. It would he his gift to his son, a millennium of peace. 
He called over his runner. “Have the Lords join me for supper. We’ll set up here.”

At noon the conch sounded four long blasts. The Raak began to withdraw, marching down the cobblestone road towards the glittering walls of Gaathmargh. At the same time, King Lightbearer hosted a tea for King Silverthorne and King Stonebolt. They sat atop the third wall of the Wall of Shadows watching their troops streaming down into the Valley of Shadows.
“How fares the sappers, King Stonebolt?” asked King Lightbearer as he poured out the tea.
“We will be done shortly. The Raak work is intricate but not insurmountable.”
“Please speed it up, Stonebolt. I am not comfortable have my route of withdraw sealed up like this.” 
King Silverthorne raised his eyebrows. “I was not aware we were concerned with retreat, King Lightbearer. I thought we planned to end the Raak menace once and for all. And if that is any indication, the Raak will not be back this way for some time.”
Lightbearer laughed. “I have no intention of crawling over walls when I leave. Besides, we will need those siege engines, my friend.”  
By late evening, the last of the stream of Raak clansmen entered the city through the huge gates to the continuous cheers of those on the wall. There was a serious party going on. When the people on the wall saw the Vilehand standard, flying high above the last incoming century of Vilehand Elite and led by their king, the cheers rang out across the Valley of Shadows. There was the rising sun of Tha-Wal The Gnome and the pennant of the Shadow Warriors lead by Clan-Lord Scather Bloodhand. The tales of the deeds of these champions had spread throughout the city, growing with each telling.
None who crossed blades with Demonax Vilehand lived. He fed on the death of the elves he took with his soul-drinking blade and laughed. He was the Chosen One. Piles of the dead lay at his feet and all he did was laugh and laugh. Elfmourner and the Vilehand had come home.
Scather Bloodhand slew and moved like a wraith, appearing to slay the enemy from the mists of night with his drenched sword. The enemy froze in fear and died before the splattered ghoul slew them with Nightwind. The enemy would learn to fear the Shadow Warriors.
There were the tales of the Dark Gnome who opened the skies and called down the comets of heaven, who hurled balls of fire and black lightning, all while clutching and smoking a spliff. He had filled the skies with fire and melted the earth itself.
As they strode that last mile, the chant rose from the wall. “SETH! SETH! SETH!” The chant echoed down the valley from the Wall of Stars that rose glittering from the Valley of Shadows. It rolled down the Valley a soothing balm over them. When they came up last five hundred paces from the Wall of Stars, Demonax stopped and raised both fists in victory. The chant changed.
“VILEHAND! VILEHAND! VILEHAND!” 





 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Nuts.”
-General McAuliffe

Demonax dropped his gauntlets on his desk and poured himself a goblet of Darvuunian wine. Waiting for him was a note from Clan-Lord Darksoul requesting an audience for a messenger. He took out a spliff from his silver humidor and lit it with the desk candle. After a puff or two, he pulled the summoning gong cord hanging down from the ceiling.
The Darksoul priest glided into the library and bowed to Demonax. “Curse the enemies of the Chosen of Seth.”
“And all praises to Seth,” responded Demonax. “What is the problem?”
“There seems to be some disagreement between Festering Fist and Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun. They request your intercession, Chosen One.”
“Have they forgotten we are in the middle of a war? What can they find to argue about?” He took another puff and a drink of wine.
“Rato-Malcasta has invoked the Protocol of Nations, intending to come into the Valley of Shadows first. Festering Fist is holding Raak Law gives him the Right of Precedence on his clan’s territory. Things are getting a bit tense at the moment, Chosen One.” The priest shrugged. “We did remind them there was a war on, Sire.” 
Demonax looked at the priest for a moment, finding it hard not to laugh. He managed to maintain that annoyed expression the priest expected. “The problem is that they are both right. Call Clan-Lord Darksoul to me immediately. I must converse with him on this matter.”
“Clan-Lord Darksoul is in evening services at the moment, Chosen One. I will have him come to you as soon as is possible.” He bowed and started to leave.
“Be so kind to tell the Clan-Lord if he is not here in ten minutes, there will be the new Clan-Lord ten minutes after that.” Demonax was smiling. “I do not care if he is conversing with Seth; tell him to get his ass here.”
“Immediately, Chosen!” He scooted out of the room, almost tripping as he ran out of the den.
Ten minutes later Clan-Lord Darksoul strode indignantly into the den and made a short bow. There was steam puffing through his snout as he glared at Demonax. 
“Before you say anything that will get you a pike up the ass,” said Demonax, holding his hand up in warning. ”Stop and take a breath.” He watched the priest unclench his fists and take a few breaths. “If Seth has any concerns, he can speak to me.”

“What balls he has!” laughed Seth to Lord Serpent. His voice echoed in the Throne Room. He laughed and slapped his knee.
“That he does, Lord of Shadows.” Lord Serpent shook his head in amazement. “I would never have presumed as much.”
Seth stared at him for a moment. “Maybe that is why you got yourself killed, Thanos Vilehand.”
“Perhaps, Dark Lord, perhaps. However, such arrogance leads to mistakes.”
“Sometimes. I do not think so in this case. Look at the alignment of the troops,” Seth commented, pointing down to the huge floor map in front of the Throne Pyramid. “He thinks like an assassin, not a warrior. He is drawing them into the palm of his glove.”
“A very dangerous move if he screws it up. It is a very dangerous move in any event, Dark Lord. Surrendering the Wall may have been a mistake.” Lord Serpent scratched his snout for a minute looking at the map. “Still, there is the element of the warrior in Demonax Vilehand. It is dangerous to try to seal up all but two clans in the Valley of Shadows. Fuck it up and Gaathmargh will be rubble in a week.”
Seth looked over the map and frowned. “You may have a point, Lord Serpent. There is something missing here. Demonax must know how close this could be. It would have been easier to simply assassinate Lightbearer a while ago rather than take this kind of a chance. He has Darvuun in his camp now. Why take this chance now? He has done all we asked of him. Have him off Lightbearer now and end this.”
“Shall I inform The Chosen of your command?”
“If you would be so kind.”

Demonax had just sent off his letter to the Festering Fist and Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun with the young priest messenger. He lit up a spliff as Tha-Wal and Scather Bloodhand came into the den already smoking spliffs and drinking Darvuunian wine in amethyst goblets. Demonax gestured them to seats as he puffed his spliff to life.
No sooner had they plopped into their seats than the air grew cold. The frigid wind swirled around them accompanied by the smell of an abattoir. Tha-Wal leaped to his feet searching for the source of the magic.
“Relax,” commented Demonax, looking totally unconcerned as he blew out the purple smoke. They looked at him and frowned, but then took their seats and waited.
Lord Serpent shimmered into solid form in the center of the den. He waved his hand and the wind was gone, but traces of the stench still remained. “Special effects,” he said with a shrug and a toothy grin.
“This is the one you told us about?” asked Tha-Wal with a smile. “I didn’t know he was once Raak.” 
Demonax nodded. “Lord Serpent, may I present Mage Tha-Wal and Clan-Lord Shadow Warrior Scather Bloodhand.”
“Pleasure is all theirs, I am sure,” grumbled Lord Serpent. “Seth sends me to speak to you. He is pleased with your success. You have done all and more than he could have believed possible. His faith in his Chosen has been justified.”
“I am honored to serve the Lord of Shadows,” said Demonax with a slight bow.
“I am sure. He commands you to off Lightbearer and be done with it. End this war now.”
Demonax looked at Scather. “Is it do-able?”
Scather shrugged. “I can get some of our best assassins on it right away. There will be some logistical difficulties to work out but I suppose we can manage.”
“Logistical difficulties? Manage?” Lord Serpent looked at them and shook his head. “Maybe I was not clear enough. Seth commands this be done.”
“No shit,” commented Demonax. “How do expect us to do it without planning it? Have I ever failed the Lord of Shadows? Okay, maybe that Elfmourner thing, but other than that? Fear not. We shall endeavor to see Lightbearer taken out.”
“Well, you don’t seem to be taking it very seriously.”
“Everything I do is planned very seriously. I know exactly what I am doing. How could the Chosen of Seth do otherwise?” Demonax smiled and took a deep pull of his spliff.
Lord Serpent looked Demonax in the eyes for a moment and knew that he spoke truth. These were the eyes and mind of a Vilehand; that was certain. As to the truth, it would remain to see if they shared the same truth. He could see coldness, barely hiding an amused contempt, but that was seen in the minds of all great men. Without that to drive them, they perished. He knew it to be true. He had felt that way once. That was what worried him. “Praise Seth.”
“Praise Seth,” the three of them said as the form of Lord Serpent faded back into the Shadows.
“Fuck,” cursed Demonax softly. “What have we got at the ready that can be a spectacular fuck-up? This is going to screw things up.” He looked at them and shook his head. “Any ideas?”
“We have the Oozing Tusk aerialists,” said Tha-Wal thoughtfully.
“Say what?”
“No, Demonax,” chuckled Scather. “The gnome is right. There are a small number of Oozing Skulls who use kites for personal transport in the eastern mountains. I have heard of them.” Scather rubbed his chin. “That would be the thing.”
“Explain that,” said Demonax.
“Easy,” said Tha-Wal as he puffed out a cloud of smoke. “Send them off to kill Lightbearer on their kites just before dawn. Send a century of them right at Lightbearer.”
“They’ll be slaughtered,” said Demonax thoughtfully. “But it might just be what we need.”
“They might get lucky,” said Scather. 
“They might. That’s just what the Lord of Shadows ordered.” Demonax laughed. “Do it.”
Demonax sat by himself and puffed on his spliff. This was an unexpected complication. It was screwing up his schedule of events. He would have to step things up. He remembered that letter he had just sent off and groaned. He rang for his servant. “Find that Darksoul messenger. Send him to me immediately.”
He quickly wrote out new orders with his silver quill and fixed his seal to the scroll case. He waited for a few minutes, and then the messenger burst into the room, dragged by two Vilehand Elite soldiers.
“Forgive me, Chosen. I was merely having a bite before departing! Don’t kill me!”
“Calm down, for Seth’s sake.” He turned to the soldiers. “Let him go guys. Thanks.” He turned back to the cowering messenger. “I simply have a change of orders for the Festering Fist, Crimson Blade, and the Emperor of Darvuun.” He tossed him the scroll. “I want all them to enter the Valley of Shadows in twenty-four hours. Moonset tomorrow.”

Scather supervised the assembly of the Oozing Skull kites within a few hours. As a Shadow Warrior, it was not difficult to gather the canvas and struts needed to construct them. The Oozing Skull warriors were overjoyed at the chance to use their unique talents to attack the enemy. Three hundred warriors built the kites in a little over three hours.
A hundred kites kicked off the north of the Wall of Stars shortly before dawn, the last night of the new moon. One hundred Oozing Skull warriors, including Clan-Lord Oozing Skull’s eldest son, sailed off into the night their blackened spears held out before them like lances from a charging steed.
The black kites soared low over the Valley, silently racing up on Lightbearer’s pavilion. The Raak warriors held out their spears like lethal stingers and reveled in the joy of their task, to slay the King of the Osiran Alliance, the Blessed of Osiris, the foul invader of their homeland. They flew over the outer pickets in total silence, almost succeeding in total surprise. 
An eager young elven warrior taking a leak saw hot bodies soaring over his head. Dark wings blotted out the sky. The young elf was stunned. For a moment he could not figure out what he was seeing. He scrambled to pull his horn out of his belt. He raised his horn and blew the alarm horn a long blast just before a Raak swooped down on him and pinned him to the ground like a martini olive. The Oozing Tusk warrior gusted back up with the rest and soared to the lights.
The Lords of Light sprang into high alert at the sound of the sentry horn. “Attack!!” Plate-mailed warriors circled the tent, spears and shields up to protect the king. 
“Attack, My Lord!” 
King Lightbearer was still up finishing up the paper work. He grabbed his sword and ran out of the tent when the first of the Oozing Skulls dropped from their kites, screaming and howling, “At least a Century of them, from the look of it,” he said simply. 
The Lords of Light were efficient and deadly. The battle was over in minutes. The attack had been a dismal failure. They had not got within a hundred feet of Lightbearer.  Less than ten of his men had been hurt, only one killed. He turned back and went to bed without another thought. 
“They failed, Chosen of Seth. Lightbearer lives.” Clan-Lord Oozing Skull knelt before his king expecting to be killed.
“They died serving Seth, Clan-Lord. Many have died in the service of Seth. Return to your people. Lead them well in the days to come.”
He bowed. “My life is yours to command, Chosen One.”
Demonax offered his hand to help him to his feet. “Naturally. Go.”

Early the next morning, the Thwarbak sappers broke through the last of the stones inside the Wall of Night. Quickly they cleared the rubble away and soon the cavalry and siege engines rumbled into the Valley of Shadows. The siege engines rolled on their heavy wheels down the cobblestone roads leading from the Wall of Night to Gaathmargh flanked by the heavy cavalry. Three wide roads of cobblestone set into the hard ground of the Valley of Shadows barely noticed the weight of hundreds of catapults and wagons of rocks and missiles for the upcoming siege.
The Lightbearer standard flew in the center of the parade headed down the center of the Valley of Shadows to the Gate of Stars of the city of Gaathmargh. The standard flew high, just to let the bastards know they had failed. Lightbearer himself sat tall on his war-horse, his glowing sword set casually on his shoulder. It was like hanging out a big flag and saying, ‘Here I am! You missed me!”
The troops of the First Legion and the Lords of Light marched in proper form behind their king, followed by the catapults, then the rest of the Army of Light. Each unit flew its battle honors proudly. 
Down the southern road marched King Stonebolt and the Thwarbak Royal Legion carrying the blue banner with three crossed lightning bolts under a white crown. As with Lightbearer, he rode at the front of his men. He was wearing his shining armor from head to toe. Many of his troops wore the silver armor and shouldered battle-axes, crossbows broadswords or spears. They chanted an ancient battle hymn in time to their stomping feet on the cobblestone. 
King Silverthorne rode at the front of the Aelans on the north wing of the advance. His personal squire, one of the few Aelans using horses, held aloft the ancient Aelan standard, the golden World Tree on a field of clouds. His Legion wore glittering chainmail and carried longbows at the ready. Silver-feathered shafts filled their quivers and long thin blades hung at their sides. They chanted the battle honors of their race.
The Geondran Third and Fourth Legions brought up the rear followed by the supply wagons. It was impressive. The battle honors of the Osiran Legions were an insane collage of colors, shields, claws and feathers from thousands of years of war. Wars only remembered by those who carried the standards, remembered in the ancient bardic rhymes forgotten to all but dull priests and boring scholars hidden away in dusty places.
Lightbearer looked down across the Valley of Shadows and sighed. The Valley sloped twenty miles slowly down towards the distant walls of Gaathmargh coming to an end at a huge oval cavern on the far eastern end of this hole cut into the mountains. There was nothing green on this twenty-mile wide plain that spread out before them.  Gaathmargh, the Black City of Seth lay nestled inside a huge gaping cavern over five miles wide and a mile high. Gaathmargh stretched five miles back into the ancient volcanic rocks of the Tangersee Cordilleras.
At this distance he could make out the two walls that spanned the width of the cavern mouth. He knew from the models that the outer wall was the Wall of Stars. The inner wall, the Wall of Nine Moons, was set three miles inside the first. Between the walls were the temples, business, and homes of the rich and powerful. There were marketplaces, and taverns, but for none other than the clans of the Raak. This was the soul of the Raak. And beyond the walls, the Shadow Keep of which little was known. It lay hidden in shadows for most of the day, until the sun started to sink in the west; Gaathmargh lived in the dimness of the cave.
The most impressive sight in Gaathmargh was the maze-like structure of bridges and arches that linked the walls and roofs of every major building in the city between the two walls, fifteen square miles of shadowy basalt webs. Lightbearer had seen the approximations of what it might seem to appear to be, but the light was not good, making it appear to be a web of shadows that blanketed the city. It was a defense unique in the world, a three-dimensional structure that supported each other, a maze of bridges and arches crisscrossing in a maddening weave of black stone. Success was only possible if both the upper and lower defenses were taken at the same time. Otherwise, a lethal crossfire would ensue. At the same time, they would be trying to resolve a maze while under fire from rooftops and from the streets below. Casualties were going to be high; but this was Gaathmargh. 
Four hundred thousand men, elves, and dwarves of the Osiran Alliance would put an end to ten thousand years of war. King Silverthorne and King Stonebolt could see the end of the Raak. The crushing of the ancient seat of Seth’s power would be the final victory over the Shadow.
Fifteen miles away, to the northeast the mountains were ripped open by a sharp ravine that opened into the Valley of Leerzej. From there Prince Soulbright would come, the final hammer to destroy the city of Gaathmargh. It would be a worthy inheritance for his son.

The Raak warriors stood atop the Wall of Stars and jeered at the Osirans. A few fired the occasional crossbow bolt in their direction, but a few slaps to the heads of those fools put an end to that senseless gesture and waste.
The catapults moved into range of the Wall of Stars and set themselves up under the watchful eyes of the Aelan Archers. They unloaded wagons of rocks and clay missiles and stacked them next to the weapons. The Osirans efficiently set up the machines, all the while singing hymns and chanting. 
Lightbearer stared up at the wall and shook his head. The Wall of Stars was constructed in the same fashion as the Wall of Night, thick chunks of basalt fused together. However, this wall was covered in spears and daggers of quartz and other razor-sharp crystals, embedded in the stone across the face of the wall for its entire length and height of seventy feet. It was a hideously evil sight. But it glittered very nicely. 
The only break in the Wall of Stars was at each of the three gates spread equally a mile and a half apart. A wide smooth cobblestone road led up to each of the gates, now all sealed shut. Above the north and south gates were large fortresses of polished basalt. These gates were half the size of the center gate and made of iron-wrapped stone coated in mica. A five foot high amethyst ankh was set into the middle of each gate. 
The largest gate was the center gate in front of King Lightbearer IV, The Star Gate. Two huge portals, each one sixty feet high and long, were wrapped in three-foot strips of platinum alternating with mica. In the middle of each door, an ankh of purple amethyst stood twelve feet high, embedded into the stone of the door itself.
Set into the wall, above the Star Gate, was the Imperial Gate Keep of Gaathmargh. Above this, easily twenty paces high and wide, the Vilehand Banner, the pennant of the King of the Raak fluttered in the light breeze that wafted across the plains from Lightbearer’s rear. A huge pane of unbreakable crystalline window ran the entire length of the tower for an unobstructed view of the action of the Valley of Shadows. The bastard Demonax was in there somewhere. 
Lightbearer rode over to the Commander of the South Catapult Brigade while they were still getting set up. It was always nice to speak to Lord Malcolm, his father’s brother. He slid off his horse and walked up to the table where Malcolm was drawing out the disposition on the map for the weapons engineers.
Malcolm looked up and acknowledged Lightbearer with a brief bow. “How may I be of service to His Highness?”
“I am ordering all oil projectiles and our new explosives transferred to your command.”
“Sire?”
“When the attack begins your units will fire two volleys of burning oil, then followed by one of explosive. You will do that until the supply is exhausted. You will obliterate everything on the south wall for King Stonebolt.”
“We will exhaust everything in than ten volleys,” replied Malcolm thoughtfully. “The carnage will be horrific.” Lord Malcolm looked up at Lightbearer. “It is my duty to inform you this is forbidden under the Temple Code.”
“Aye. Then why do we have them?” Lightbearer looked down at the map. “They have used battle magic. We must use all of our resources  to slay this vermin.”  He knew it was wrong. Long tradition had swords and axes settling the scores between men and races. The Gods had outlawed battle magic and weapons of terror. There was honor and respect for the enemy, even if they were scum. Oily death was a not a death with honor, just death. It was simply a way of eliminating vermin. The new explosive balls were not seen the same way by the Temple of Light. They condemned them, saying it violated the most ancient Code of War. “We cannot sustain a long siege. Perhaps all will be forgiven when Gaathmargh is destroyed.”
“Forgive his transgressions, great Osiris,” Malcolm prayed under his breath. “Do not punish our people for this presumption.” Victory and a great legacy for his nephew were within his grasp. “You are certain, Great Sire?” Lord Malcolm knew what this decision must have done to his nephew. He was setting aside the Ancient Rules of War that had governed the races for thousands of years. This was calculated genocide, pure killing without honor. Forbidden by Osiris himself, it would bring a heavy penalty, even if he were to win.
“I know what it means,” Lightbearer said.
“It shall be as commanded, Sire. And I am sorry.” 
“I thank thee, Uncle Malcolm.”
While the machinery set up, Demonax Vilehand and Scather Bloodhand watched the wagons in the rear moving up more rocks and missiles to the crews. They must be planning a heavy bombardment to soften them up and make the wall fall quickly. Demonax ordered his men to quickly construct shield roof covers as before to deflect the incoming rocks. Many of them had been in the Battle at the Wall of Night. They had been through this before.
Then all the movement in the Osiran lines was done. All that remained for them to do was have lunch. It was a strange hour for them. There were a few insults yelled back and forth but little else. It was as if they were saving every last breath for what mattered. There was no need for false bravado, only the grim determination to fight the battle because they must.
Lightbearer signaled. His herald blew a long single blast from his ram’s horn. The cheer rose from the throats of the Osiran Alliance. King Stonebolt of Thwarbak and King Silverthorne sat down with Lightbearer and sipped wine and ate fine cheese for lunch under his open tent. “So it finally begins. The end begins at last.”
“Incoming!” Demonax smiled as the first of the stones slowly rose from the catapult lines in the valley.
The opening barrage consisted of a series of ranging shots. Huge boulders whizzed through the air. Some smashed into the crystal shards on the front of the Wall of Stars crushing the crystal into powder. Some sailed over the wall into the city behind the beyond. The scattered missiles smashed into the marketplace, taking out a few businesses and killing dozens of people, driving everyone else indoors and under cover. Most of the missiles that soared over the wall bounced off the stone buildings causing real little damage. A number of the boulders pounded on the shield roof.
The next volley was another ranging volley. They had made their corrections and most of the boulders pounded the top of the Raak defenses. They were getting better.
Tha-Wal looked out the window of the northern Command Tower over the New Moon Gateway. He watched the boulders bounce off the shields and could do nothing, at least not yet. A few boulders pounded into his tower but it was unharmed. The Ebony Tusk was in position, waiting for the Aelans to come. He found it a bit ironic that he would be facing elves. That seemed to be the lot of gnomes, first the Draakkans, now the Aelans. It wasn’t the catapults that worried him, but the Aelan Archers. They would be a serious problem. He lit up a spliff and watched the bombardment.
Demonax sipped his coffee and puffed on a spliff as the stones bounced off his Command Tower. He felt great, buoyed by Elfmourner’s recent feedings. He stared out over the Valley of Shadows and wondered if he would ever see the sun set over the western mountains again. He doubted it, but still there was that feeling, just maybe. It was all in the timing.
Lightbearer had been pushed and pushed until he was consumed with the desire to turn this city into a carrion eater’s paradise. He was enraged with the attempt to assassinate him and was determined to take any measure to end this war. Demonax had fought without honor, poisoning wells, shit-smeared caltrops, and flying kites from the darkness. Raak spies had even poisoned the sacramental wine in the Temple of Osiris. They were beasts without honor. It was truly a victory for Demonax Vilehand. The enemy had corrupted the Light’s Chosen One. He had corrupted the Light, and the Lightbearer knew it. Demonax and his vile race could not be forgiven.
Once again the Stoneheart would spearhead the defense of the centre. They were strong and fanatically loyal to The Chosen of Seth. They were a huge clan, only smaller than the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade. They had crossed swords with Humans many times over the years. They were formidable and fanatical warriors.
Scather scanned the Osiran lines with his eyescope and sighed. It was as they had expected. Lightbearer did not anticipate a protracted siege. He wanted to scale the ramparts of Seth’s most ancient city in a great apocalyptic battle that would be part of his legacy for untold centuries. He would not have the patience needed for a long siege. That would make him the perfect prey for a patient assassin.
Scather motioned to his runners. The apprentice murderers bowed and waited. “Initiate Operation Nightwind immediately.” Four runners sprinted out of the southern Command Tower over the Full Moon Gateway and spread the word. He took out his case of spliffs, then changed his mind and put them back in his pocket.
In Shadow Warrior units throughout Gaathmargh, the sub-chiefs called forth Operation Nightwind. No one questioned those who simply took up their weapons and answered the call. Cooks, servants, and people from all over the city simply bared their arms to reveal the Shadow sigil on their arms and vanished. Those who remained accepted that Clan-Lord Shadow Warrior had called his clan others out on an operation. Three Centuries of the finest killers in the clan vanished into the dark tunnels and sewers of Gaathmargh.
The ram’s horn of Lightbearer sounded two long blasts and the bombardment began. Along the north and center part of the wall, head-sized rocks rained down on the walls, thousands of them. The stones caromed off the walls and shields without any real damage and rattled off the Command Towers, more of an annoyance more than anything else.
“Yup,” said Scather simply as he watched the missiles arcing up towards them. Each one streamed a light streak of smoke behind them as they tumbled through the evening sky. He noticed two of them headed his way. 
The southern flank of the Wall of Stars exploded into a long serpentine sheet of fire. The oil-filled missiles exploded on the front and atop the shield walls. Flowing and burning fire seared the Poison Hand clan, rendering sections of the shield roof protection meaningless, burning scores of fighters to death in shrieking agony.
While Tha-Wal and Demonax stood their ground under another volley of head-shot along the Wall of Stars, the southern wall took another volley of burning oil. Three struck the front of Scather’s tower, harmlessly burning as it flowed down over the stone and glass. The burning oil spewed black greasy smoke, momentarily blinding Scather.
When the smoke cleared, Scather could see the Poison Hand and Shadow Warriors tossing the dead from the wall to the streets below. Many of the dead were still smoldering when they splattered down onto the cobblestones. Thick smoke still rose from the tops of the shields.
Another barrage of headshots rained down on the north and center wall without much damage. Demonax and Tha-Wal remained relaxed as the boulders bounced ineffectively off their towers. They calmly puffed their spliffs and watched the Osirans load again.
Demonax noted the smoke billowing up from the south and blew out a series of smoke rings. “Tsk, tsk,” he muttered. “So predictable.”      
The third volley hit the south wall with very different effect. The missiles spewed long smoky trails like a comet. They exploded on contact. The massive roars rolled out over the Valley of Shadows. Blasted Raak bodies were flung from the wall in all directions. The wall itself seemed to tremble under the explosions.  Yellow-green fire spewed shards of hot metal that ripped through shields and armor and rained into the city below. If the blast did not kill, the shrapnel did. Hundreds and hundreds of Raak were blasted to death, hundreds horribly wounded. 
Scather shook his head to clear his vision. Two of those exploding things had hit his tower shaking it and raining dust all over him. He grabbed his shield. Another volley of fiery oil exploded over the wall. However, a small unit of Osiran Siege Engineers decided to finish the tower. Two catapults fired shrapnel filled powder bombs at Scather’s tower. While flames roared out again down the wall, two exploding missiles hit the Command Tower. The tower shook, but Scather still felt confident. Then he saw four more of them coming. 
“Oh shit,” he muttered. He dove to the trap door, yanked it up and open when the first one hit. The first missile exploded on the roof, ripping away great slate tiles from the tower roof. The second ripped the peak from the tower, showering rock and shrapnel into the tower and over the wall. The last two hit the front of the wall and blew the weakened walls apart. Scather’s tower collapsed in a roar of fire and dust.
Scather dropped through the trapdoor just ahead of the pounding debris and pulled the door shut. He slid down the ladder rather than waste time climbing. When he hit the bottom he rolled away. The tower collapsed, but the trapdoor held despite the stones piled on top of it. The Raak scattered from under the trapdoor just in case it did not hold the collapsed tower. In all the chaos around the gatehouse no one saw him slip into a sewer hole and quickly replace the cover. He ran through corridors dimly lit with patches of glowing moss. He followed the secret signs through the labyrinth until he finally came to a simple door hidden in a shadowy alcove. He knocked twice, paused, then twice more.
The door opened a crack. “Upon this Raak…”
“I shall build my empire,” responded Scather. He slipped through the door and into a large room deep underground. Three centuries of Shadow Warriors calmly awaited his arrival many now clad in the Mission Blacks. A few had just arrived and were still dressed in their civilian gear. When he closed the door, they bowed slightly and clicked their tongues in applause.
“You know why you’re here. Operation Terminal Fear is a go.”
Tongues clicked their approval. This was the real work of the Assassin for which the Shadow Warriors trained all their lives. To wreak terror in the hearts of the enemy with the crooked kris through the back or across the throat was truly exquisite. The perfect strike, killing in one targeted blow was almost orgasmic. It was actually more than that because the strike was the ultimate pleasure, feeling the life flee the target in that briefest moment of contact, not even the best sex could surpass that sensation. It was their time.
When the Command Tower over the Full Moon Gateway exploded into rubble the last resistance on the south wall almost fell into panic. Another volley of flaming oil bombs was the last straw. Those around the tower had been clawing their way into the pile of smoking rubble searching for survivors, particularly Lord Scather Bloodhand. Three oil canisters hit the rubble raining fire over the rescue teams, killing more than a score of Shadow Warrior and Poison Hand clansmen. Those who survived the burning were quietly put out their misery on the cobblestone below. There were no survivors. Clan-Lord Bloodhand had been killed!
King Demonax Vilehand watched the Poison Hand begin running from the wall, scooting across the thin bridge network that linked the roofs of the city and provided a path of retreat from the wall. They dove into bunkers and hid behind walls and loaded their crossbows. They had suffered horrific casualties on the wall but were still ready to fight. They were eager to fight. Those “things” had defiled the sacred birthplace of their race.
Demonax turned to his aide. “Vilehand Centuries One through Six to the south wall. Immediate!”
“Aye Chosen One!” The aide bolted out from the tower. Before the door closed, the aide was smashed in the face and chest by ricocheting boulder and dropped like a stone. He would not be getting up.
“How many times do I have to tell them to look both ways before stepping out? Lose so many aides that way.” Demonax summoned another runner. “Go.” The young warrior peeked out the door before vanishing into the chaos.
Lightbearer nodded with satisfaction when the Full Moon Gate Tower collapsed into a pile of fiery and dusty rubble. He could not help himself feel satisfaction that maybe that smug bastard Bloodhand was in there when it blew down around his ears. If he wasn’t killed in the blast, maybe the fire got him. He had always hated the Shadow Warriors. Creatures that struck from the darkness with poison and blade with no sense of honor, they were beneath contempt. He was happy to see the cloud of dust and smoke.
“You Son-of-a-Bitch!” roared High Priest Barran as he strode up and glared at the King. “You dare?” 
“Too late,” Lightbearer muttered to himself. 
Barran glared at his king. “King Lightbearer IV! You have violated every civilized Rule of War. The Sunpowder is forbidden by the very words of Osiris himself.” He pointed to the still smoldering length of the south wall. “That is an abomination! It violates your oath as Holy Lord of the Order of Morning. Surely you know that?”
Lightbearer looked around at Stonebolt, Silverthorne, the Generals around him, his bodyguard, and at the contingent of priests around the High Priest. Never before had the High Priest dared to speak to the king in such a fashion. This had the potential of getting very ugly. He would have to pick his words carefully.
“It violates laws that have stood for eight thousand years, long before we passed through the mountains during the Flight of Fire.”
“The Rules of War only apply to the conduct of honorable opponents on the field of battle. Since this war began, we have fought enemies without honor. Our wine has been poisoned, Princes Clearsoul and Silverbow were slain by battle magic, and they have tried to assassinate me personally. This Demonax Vilehand has refused the Parlay of Kings.” He looked around at them all. “I absolve you of any blame but the decision is not yours to make. I am the Chosen of Light and only Osiris calls me to account. Have you forgotten how they slaughtered the unarmed Red Ones as they ministered to the wounded? With all due respect, High Priest of Osiris, those were your own acolytes. The Raak are not men or people. They are a bestial race formed from the darkest and shadowy depths of Seth’s mind. They are creatures of hate, of evil.”
“What I do now is for the people of our Alliance. It is a deed that hurts my soul that so many shall die. If the Knights of Morning cast me out, there will be a time for that to happen. Not now. I am the King-Priest of Geondra, Chosen of Osiris, and in the end answer to Him alone. I do not answer to those who would interpret His words, nor to those who live with ancient and inflexible codes of conduct.”
“You are playing with words, Sire.” Barran stood firm, his arms across his chest.
“While I do not command your obedience, neither do you command mine.” Lightbearer looked around at his men, then back at the High Priest. “I answer to Osiris alone. The soldiers answer to me and me alone. I serve all the people of Osiris and must do what is necessary. If He is not pleased, he will make His word known to us all and to me.” 
The High Priest stared up at him for a moment, and then nodded his head sadly. “What you say is truth, King Lightbearer IV. Great Osiris has named you his Champion. However, there is another great and sad truth. All those who breathe and think are creatures to be cherished, even the Raak. It is a convenience to make the enemy less than human, to make them into monsters to be exterminated. They are entitled to honorable treatment, even if they are not honorable themselves. It is what elevates us above what they are. What differs between us is this understanding.”
“There is some truth is what you say, Holy One, but I will not accept that the Raak are men. They are nothing more than creatures of night and shadow. They have plunged the world into darkness and war for over ten thousand years. When our ancestors came here six thousand years ago this war had been going on for thousands of years. Since that time how many have died in one great battle after another and in untold hundreds of thousands of skirmishes?” 
He took off his crown and held it out to the Holy One. “How many who have worn this bauble has died in the War of Light and Shadow? Sure, we make them heroes in our myths and legends, their stories kept on ancient scrolls in dusty temple libraries. We hold feasts to celebrate great victories but in truth, they are stories of failure and death. It has been nothing but an endless litany of great battles down through the centuries, one after another after another. We remember the great leaders but forget the untold thousands who rotted on the battlefield.” He crammed the crown back on his head. “There will be no more wars after this one. It is time for the Wars to end, even if every Raak is barbecued and stuck on a spit and left to rot. I will grind this foul city into the dirt and kill everyone and everything in it. I will personally execute that obnoxious gnome with a table knife. Demonax will be burned to ashes bit by bit while he watches while he watches that wizard die. Then their ashes will be scattered in an unknown place.” He drove his knife into the table and looked up at the Priest.
High Priest Barran looked around the table. Elf-King Silverthorne sat there, his face without expression, except maybe a hint of arrogance. He found the priest annoying and a little too moralistic for his own good. This was war.
King Stonebolt openly smiled at Lightbearer’s words, nodding with enthusiasm. Stonebolt’s commanders were obviously pleased. It was said that Dwarf-Raak hatred was older than history itself. On the eve of a great victory, the great principles that guided them were falling away to the desire for that final revenge. This would be madness but it would serve the interests of the Dwarfs to claim the lands and mountains of the Raak homelands.
“My King, it something I cannot countenance. We shall serve, but we shall not fight. We shall aid all who ask. We cannot be part of this fight any longer.” The High Priest bowed and backed out of the tent. The tent was silent.
“Do as you must.” Lightbearer pulled his dagger out of the table and pared a piece of cheese from the huge chunk. “We begin the assault in thirty minutes. The south wall has been obliterated. Stonebolt and his legion will secure the wall. Silverthorne and the Aelan Elite, as well as I and the Lords of Light will support them. Stonebolt’s Legion will secure the city and blow the Gate of Stars for the troops. We shall eviscerate Gaathmargh.”
A half-hour later the heralds raised their great ram’s horns and sounded three long blasts that echoed throughout the Valley of Shadows. The catapults continued to fire as the Alliance army advanced on a wide front towards the wall. More head shot boulders rained over the Raak defenders, keeping their heads down while the enemy advanced. They Army of Light carried heavy siege ladders and held up long shields as they moved in on the wall while covered by the volleys of the catapults. 
The catapults stopped firing when the first ladders hit the wall. The elf archers with their longbows moved forward and began to fire-at-will at the defenders on the wall. Standing outside of the range of the Raak crossbows they fired with impunity. In the north, the Aelan Archers fired into the Ebony Tusk clan, picking off those who were stupid enough to think the elves weren’t really that good. In the center, the Geondran Longbowmen proved to be almost as effective as the Aelans. They rained thousands of shafts at the top of the wall, killing hundreds. Most of the defenders managed to keep under their linked shields like a turtle as the edged up to the lip of the wall.
On the southern wall, six Centuries of Vilehand Elite took up positions as the first of the dwarf ladders thumped against the Wall of Stars. It had been difficult to get into position. The base of the wall was littered with burning bodies, smashed shields, ladders and weapons. In areas where some of the explosions had hurled searing shrapnel into the ranks of the Poison Hand, the blasts had chewed out huge holes in the stone. There were more than a few of them.
One last volley of smoking missiles soared over the south wall and into the city below. Many exploded in the streets, shooting waves of fire into those unfortunate enough to be in the open. Citizen brigades with buckets of sand ran back and forth trying to staunch the fires. Some missiles hit the sides of stone buildings, leaving black streaks on the stone as the burning oils smeared down the walls. A few missiles bounced on the roads and passed through open windows, killing more than a few Raak hiding inside.
The ladders hit the wall and were immediately swarmed by raging dwarfs. Over in his tent, Lord Malcolm sat in silent prayer for what he had done. How could the King have ever believed that he would not share the guilt for this action? Malcolm could have refused, should have refused, but he did not. He would always carry the guilt of what they had done this day. When this was over, he would retire to a monastery; finish his days in contemplation and peace hoping he could forget the screams of the victims on the wall. That was provided he was not executed when this war was over.  
Tha-Wal watched the Aelans advance under heavy artillery and archer fire while he mixed together a few powders. He muttered an incantation, and then spat into the bowl. There was a flash of green light and four more Tha-Wals appeared beside him, each clutching a long spliff. As he thought, they moved. This was going to be fun.
The Aelan ladders thumped against the wall. Instantly, Elves bounded up the ladders, howling and shrieking themselves into a screaming frenzy. The Ebony Tusk threw off their shield roofs and poured a withering volley of crossbow bolts at point blank range into the climbing Elves. Other Raak lunged forward with tridents trying to push away the ladders. The Aelan archers hit a few, but not enough or fast enough to get the crossbowmen. They popped up and fired, then ducked behind the stone to reload. Still, the elves climbed the ladders without regard to their fates. 
“Let’s kick ass!” yelled the gnome as all five of him charged out onto the wall. For a moment the Ebony Tusk warriors were startled, and then started to laugh. Five gnomes had to be much better than one.
The five gnomes attacked the Aelans that had reached the top of the ladders. He jumped up to the top of the wall and whenever they saw elves, he/they pointed and yelled. “Bang!” Small globes of absolute blackness struck the elves in the head and clung to their faces. As they staggered on the wall, clawing at the darkness, the Elite Vilehand pikes skewered them, and then hurled their loathsome bodies onto their fellows below. The Tha-Wals took out whole squads with his Touch of Shadow, leaving them helpless before the maniacal defenders.
Still, the battle raged, the Aelans determined to scale the wall at all costs. The gnome found himself getting tired. As the Raak fighters tired he brought up fresh reserves eager to kill elves. The Ebony Tusk fought with enthusiasm, so he took the time to light another spliff, actually all five of them did. After each puff on the spliff he pointed it at an elf. Small rainbow colored darts blasted out of the ember of the spliff boring a hole through the chest-plate of each elf he hit. Each shot hit an elf and sent him back over the wall or into the waiting arms of Raak pikemen. There a lot of puffs in a single spliff and he had a boxful.

Demonax swung his great double-headed battle-axe off his shoulder and strode out onto the wall. No sense in wasting Elfmourner on Humans. The Geondran Legions, mostly humans, hurled grappling irons, and dropped heavy ladders against the Wall of Stars. Demonax stared out over the swarming enemy and raised his ace high. “For Seth!” 
Demonax jumped to the top of the wall and smashed a heavily armored human in the face with the flat of his axe and hurled him screaming off the wall. He danced over to the next ladder, thrusting his axe like a spear at another. The heavy spike chewed through the eyeholes of the helmet. He wrenched it with a savage twist, and then yanked back, spewing bones and brain. The fighter slid down the ladder, sweeping most of those below him clean from the ladder.
The Stoneheart threw themselves into the fight with great enthusiasm. This was what they lived for, the joy and ecstasy of war, the ultimate test of worthiness before Seth and their people. While Demonax continued to spew brains and rip off limbs and heads, they hurled back wave after wave of Osirans from the top of the wall with swords and pikes. Ladders were pushed back and the Raak laughed at the screams of those hurled onto the cobblestone.
Demonax’s personal presence on the wall astounded the Stoneheart. He was a machine of death, but a casual and methodical one with a warped sense of humor. He dealt death in so many ways, with kicks, punches with his mailed gloves, darts out of his sleeves, throwing stars from under his arms. He fought to win. He fought for fun. He truly was Seth’s Chosen One. They saw it and knew it to be true. How could they give less than he gave to them?
After awhile, Demonax stepped back from the line and let a few of his Vilehand Elite sub for him. He lit up a spliff and accepted a goblet of watered wine. The assault continued with the next wave before the first had gone from the wall. He stood on the wall and arrogantly watched the fight, heedless of the arrows hitting the stones around him. Just as he was finishing his spliff, death struck all around him.
A few hotshot catapult crews decided to take the unexpected opportunity and fired a volley of headshot along the wall over the Gate of Stars. Three of the Vilehand Elite had their skulls crushed right beside Demonax. Along the wall, a considerable number of Stoneheart were pasted. None of the catapult shots hit a single Osiran attacker.  It was a bold and daring attack. None of them hit Demonax.
The warriors on the ladders were stunned at the insane daring of those behind them. Then they realized they had to take advantage of the barrage and pounded up over the ladders onto the Wall of Stars. Two squads reached the wall, lead by a strutting peacock with a vicious serrated broadsword. He led the attack on the wall, taking out Clan-Lord Stoneheart in that first shocking assault.
The Holy Knight sliced one Vilehand Elite completely in half with his fiery sword. He hurled another off the wall and into the street below with his fist alone. “Keep strong! Today we get our retro in blood! Everything’s cool!” Over twenty Osirans made the wall before Demonax ordered in a Century of Vilehand Elite to get rid of them.
While the Osirans fought bravely, they were quickly being overwhelmed. One-by-one they were pushed back against the wall and slain. Their corpses were scooped up hurled back where they came from. Still, that maniac right in front of him continued to howl and slaughter Raak warriors. “Everything’s cool! Keep Strong! We do what we must!” He was slaughtering Demonax’s warriors with ease.
“For fuck sake,” growled Demonax. “Would someone kill this guy?” Three of the Vilehand Elite Bodyguard charged the crazy knight of light with their halberds. Demonax kicked another swordsman off the wall and laughed as the human wiped the ladder clear to the rocky blood-soaked ground below.  
Still, the Osiran Knight fought on dodging and deflecting the halberds. “I’m all right! It’s cool! Keep strong! Keep strong!” He flailed away with his broadsword but he was too slow for three Vilehand Elite at once. Even then, he skewered one through the face with his fiery blade, but it was too late.
One spear took the maniacal warrior in the side, through the seam in his armor and ripped into his abdomen. The serrated blade tore open his innards. Another halberd clanged off his helmet, stunning him for a moment. He was the one who died. The third drove the blade of his halberd directly into the human’s chest plate. The head of the halberd shattered against the metal, but the force of the blow hurled the loathsome creature against the wall.  When he staggered, two Vilehand Elite grabbed him by the arms and hurled him over the wall. They heard him screaming, “Keep strong!” as he plunged to his death.
“Fucking guy,” cursed Demonax under his breath as he lit another spliff. 

Just before sunset, King Stonebolt set foot on the Wall of Stars. The Vilehand Elite were still disorganized, trying to shore up the area once guarded by the burned and smoldering Poison Hand. Almost half the clan had been slaughtered before they could get back to the rooftop defenses or into the city below. The Vilehand Elite would not hold King Stonebolt back for long.
“Osiris! For the Light!” roared Stonebolt as he marched along the wall to the shattered Command Tower. A squad of Vilehand Elite was waiting but the battle was short. Up and down the wall, his men swept aside the Vilehand Elite troops with frightful ease. More dwarfs scaled the wall where there was no resistance and charged down the stairs and ladders, pouring into the shadowy city below.
The city was engulfed in darkness, all torches and candles had been extinguished. In the dark shadows of Gaathmargh the fighting went from house to house, warehouse, and temple. Hidden in every nook and cranny, the Poison Hand and the Shadow Warriors lurked, popping out to kill, nothing more than blurs of heat in the night. Swords and axes clashed with shadows and more blurs of heat. Overhead, the shattered remains of the Poison Hand and the Shadow Warriors tried to help by firing into the city below but the indistinct nature of the heat blurs made this a tricky proposition. 
King Stonebolt and his personal brigade strode down the stairs and into the streets of Gaathmargh. They attacked the Vilehand Elite Guard squads on the doors on the Gate of the Full Moon, overwhelming them quickly. Minutes later, Stonebolt threw open the Gate of the Full Moon and the Army of Light swarmed into Gaathmargh.  Stonebolt and the dwarfs moved forward, sweeping through the Gate and out into the city. Stonebolt knew that no matter what happened now, he would see every Raak head on a pike. It was he who had convinced the great King Lightbearer that this victory could be won quickly. End the nightmare of war. End it here and now. Stonebolt stood at the Gate of the Full Moon and waved his army into the world’s most ancient city.
The dwarfs roared into the city, an entire legion fighting in darkness. As the last of the dwarfs plunged down into the city of Gaathmargh, Lightbearer and his Lords of Light scaled the wall. They were a formidable sight. Each stood covered in plated armor with a long shield embossed with a golden ankh. Each clutched a broadsword that cast off an aura of soft golden light. Lightbearer himself held Holy Miraculous in both hands and quickly studied the defenses in front of him. King Silverthorne and his brigade of Archers of Light quickly scaled the wall and joined him. He shook Lightbearer’s hand with glee.
It was unfortunate it was night. The bridge and rooftop defenses were a maze. Not all bridges would lead to the Wall of the Nine Moons three miles away. If it had been daylight Lightbearer might have been able to figure it out easy enough. It was a simple child’s puzzle. He shrugged. He would just have to kill them all. That seemed easy enough. He had no time for puzzles or stupid games.
In the city below, the Poison Hand Clan died. There was no quarter. Men, women, and children were slaughtered by the dwarfs. Clan-Lord Poison Hand himself perished when his guts were ripped open by a dwarf’s axe. The Raak Clan-Lord did take out four of them before he fell dead pared up like a holiday beast.
     “Stonebolt has gone into the city. We have cracked Gaathmargh wide open.”
     “Excellent,” said Silverthorne with a wide smile. “Let this be done.”
Demonax stepped back out of battle for a moment when the messenger arrived to see him. He accepted a lit spliff from his aide. “So what do we have?”
     “Serious trouble, Chosen One. Lord Scather Bloodhand is reported slain in the bombardment. The Command Tower was blasted into rubble and firebombed. The south wall is completely breached and the dwarfs have annihilated the Poison Hand in the city. Lightbearer and Silverthorne are reported on the wall preparing to take the rooftop defenses on the south.”
 Demonax puffed thoughtfully for a moment. “Scather dead? That is a pain. Nope, not good.” He smiled. Scather was a resourceful lad. He looked up and stared at the first moon of the month. He wondered if he would ever see another one as beautiful as the one tonight. A month was such a long time away. He stared for a moment at his blood-splattered axe and sighed. “Fine,” said Demonax. “Summon Clan-Lord Stoneheart to me.”
Clan-Lord Stoneheart and his two bodyguard sons arrived a minute later. “You wished to see me, sire?”
     “You have fought well. The battle is far from done. The Vilehand Elite are needed elsewhere. The Poison Hand has been destroyed and the dwarfs are in the city. Hold the walls as long as possible and then withdraw to the rooftop defenses. Make them pay for every foot of the Maze.”
 “As you command, Chosen of Seth.” They were gone in an instant.
     Demonax gathered the Vilehand Elite and retreated across the rooftop maze to the Wall of Nine Moons passing through the rooftop defenses manned by the Bleeding Jaw and the Dripping Eye. They came down from the Wall of None Moons and marched across the cobblestone field known as the Killing Ground, the large open square that surrounded the Shadow Keep that was embedded in the back wall. They kept good order and soon stopped in front of the Shadow Keep. Here was the place of the Throne of Skulls, from where the Vilehand ruled the Raak. Then they turned and faced the Gate of Nine Moons and waited. Demonax lit up a spliff.
 Lightbearer and the Lords of Light walked across the stone bridges, hunched behind their heavy shields. Whenever a Raak warrior popped up to take aim, Silverthorne and his archers took him out. When they arrived on the rooftops, the Lords of Light tried to finish off the defenders under cover fire from the archers. Failing that, they swarmed over the defensive positions until they overwhelmed the Raak taking more than a few casualties from Raak crossbows. They followed every bridge, even the dead ends, and slew every Raak defender they could find. 
Stonebolt climbed up the stairs from the dark streets and joined Lightbearer and Silverthorne on the roof of a warehouse. From here a bridge lead over to the Wall of Nine Moons, an area now defended by the last of the Black Axe Clan. Standing behind the defense wall, they shook hands and slapped each other on the backs. It was a time of great happiness.
    “Only the Black Axe stands between us and the Throne of Skulls. The city below is ours. We should have the Gate of Stars and Gate of Nine Moons breached by sunrise.” Stonebolt took a large slug of ale from his canteen. “This will be a glorious day!”
        Lightbearer looked relieved. “The Raak are finished. It will be a fitting present to Soulbright who shall rule after I am gone, a world where the Throne of Skulls is reduced to powder and cast into the River Yax.”
    “It has always been our destiny,” commented Stonebolt. “The fate of the world for untold ages rests upon what we do here today. It shall be a glorious tale to tell our children’s children.”
     “Then let’s do it,” laughed Silverthorne. 

Seth grabbed his ears and yanked. “Aaaarrgghh!” he cursed as he watched the action in Gaathmargh on his obsidian crystal. “Demonax failed to kill that fucking upstart, and now Gaathmargh itself was filled with Osirans on a murderous rampage. Scum are everywhere in my sacred city. I ought to tear his head off!”
     Scather Bloodhand had vanished under a pile of rubble and seared into charcoal. Everything was in chaos. And those assholes Rato-Malcasta and Festering Fist had been delayed while they argued about protocol and law. “I’ll tear their heads off too.” By the time they got to Gaathmargh it might be too late. 
Seth was seriously pissed off and seriously considered killing Demonax himself in a thousand painful ways. Maybe he could set up something with Osiris, call for peace or a truce. That galled him. Demonax was a bumbling fool. He should have followed that gut instinct, that uneasy feeling that something was screwing up when he lost his sword to that stupid elf Argolzz. Now he would have to eat crow and crawl to his brother Osiris  for peace; and wait another thousand years for a shot. 
Seth turned to Lord Serpent and shook his head. “I should have realized Zaburo was incompetent when he lost Elfmourner. That should have tipped me off. I should have killed him then, but he is the last of the Vilehand and you have to work with what you have. It would seem good help is hard to find. I have to talk to Osiris.”
Lord Serpent bowed. “Would you like to have me set something up?”
“If you would be so kind, Lord Serpent.”   

 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

I don’t want to achieve immortality through my work… I want to achieve it through not dying
-Woody Allen

By dawn the Osirans were pouring over the south side of the Wall to the Nine Moons. The archers of King Silverthorne advanced behind the heavy shield coverage of the Lords of Light, taking out exposed Black Axe defenders along the Wall of Nine Moons and on the rooftop defenses. The dwarfs and the Third Legion of Light had taken substantial portions of the city center, pushing the Stoneheart Clan into full retreat over the bridges and the rooftops.
The new Clan-Lord Stoneheart fell outside the Command Bunker atop the Gate of Stars. The Osirans had punched another hole in the defenses from below. King Stonebolt’s warriors swarmed through the dark streets and opened the Gate of Stars from inside when they discovered the Raak had retreated from the gatehouses and back into the city. Units of elves and dwarfs were advancing up the wall at the same time their companions swarmed up ladders from below and through the Gate of Stars.  Stoneheart raised the conch to his mouth and let go two blasts for retreat. 
 Three arrows fired simultaneously from down the wall by Aelan longbows plugged him. One took him behind the ear, impaling his head like an olive. Another hit him high in the back and the other just below the second. The young Lord Stoneheart slammed into the wall and dropped like a sack of wet oatmeal.
Dwarf crossbowmen picked off members of the Stoneheart retreating across the bridges from the streets below as they dashed back to join the Dripping Eye on the rooftop defenses. Below, the dwarfs savagely smashed through doors into businesses, homes, and temples and killed every Raak they found. Male, women, and children died as they fought to the death against the defilers of the Gaathmargh. It was as if they were possessed of madness, a hate beyond control.
Tha-Wal and the Ebony Tusk had put up a fearsome defense against the Aelans, now joined by members of Lightbearer’s Third Legion. Despite the extra pressure, at no time did the enemy breach the wall. It was a problem that dwarfs and humans were coming up the wall from the south, having taken the wall above the Gate of Stars. Soon, they would try to wipe out the rooftop defenses in the centre and that would make the gnome’s flank vulnerable from archers. That could only mean that Demonax had retreated from the walls.
“Well, that’s okay,” muttered Tha-Wal. “I have a surprise for you bastards.”
The Deathmoon clan manned the rooftop defense behind the Ebony Tusk. Unlike other Raak clans, they shunned the crossbow and used the longbow. They were from the plains and woods of the Far Eastern territories. They found the longbow to be a much better weapon. Since the development of the crossbow was the only innovation is Raak tactics in the last few centuries, the enemy would likely be calculating on crossbows and setting themselves up outside the shorter ranged weapon, without realizing they were well inside the range for the longbow. The Deathmoon would make them pay for that mistake.
The Humans and dwarfs trotted up along the wall and across some of the bridges, into the range of the Deathmoon. The Deathmoon opened up with a rain of shafts among the unsuspecting warriors on the wall and on the bridges. Hundreds of arrows struck targets, ripping a huge swath through the invaders. They dived behind whatever little protection they could find but still another volley killed hundreds. The invaders withdrew from range cursing and swearing as the commanders assessed the situation.
Down below, the Oozing Skull clan hidden in the city beneath the Death Moon waited patiently while the Dripping Eye clan fought a losing battle in the darkness and shadows of Gaathmargh to the psychotic dwarfs led by King Stonebolt. Survivors fled through the small twisting alleys between the poorer tenements and sleazy business districts. Once in this area, large troop movements would be impossible, fertile grounds for snipers and ambushes.
Tha-Wal found himself admiring the stamina of the Raak on the wall. They still fought without any sign of despair; in fact, they were as enthusiastic as ever. They laughed and joked as they hurled elves and humans off the wall. Aelan Archers took out a few from below, but they did not seem to care. Such were the fortunes of war.
Tha-Wal and his cadre of Darksoul priests continued to bolster up the defenses. The gnome knew that he had to take it easy and kept his magic simple and to the point. No great gestures that would burn him out before Rato-Malcasta arrived. This was getting close to the edge.
Shortly before moonset, a squad of Aelans had managed to get over a section of the wall just south of the New Moon Gateway and Tha-Wal. Flaring swords tore through a small hole in the defenses, staggering the tired Ebony Tusk warriors. As the Vilehand Elite squad raced in to seal the tear in the defenses, Tha-Wal decided it was time to act.
He mumbled the ancient incantation. “Dooyoo Fyeel Uckyp Unkh!!” and thrust out his fingers in the direction of the screaming elves. Yellow blasts burst out of each finger with a loud crack in rapid succession. He fought to keep his hand level with the other as the kickback threatened to snap his arm back into his face. He carefully picked each target and fired in bursts of three.
One Aelan staggered back when he was hit three times in rapid succession in the chest. There were three small holes in his robe, holes punched through his chest plate ripping his heart and lungs apart, and then exploding out through his back in a huge spray of blood and flesh. The Elf looked down in shock, not understanding what had happened, then dropped. Another took three shots high on the chest that shredded the bottom of his throat and the top of his heart.  Another took three in the face, blasting out the back of his head in a misty spray of blood and bone. 
The devastation was horrific. Of the ten elves that had made it to the top of the wall, eight were riddled with a trio of holes that killed them on the spot. The Vilehand Elite sealed the breach by killing the last two with spears and halberds. A cheer rose up from the throats of the defenders.
Tha-Wal blew the reddish smoke from the ends of his fingers, and then lit up another spliff with a finger-flame. The Ebony Tusk cheered Tha-Wal and fought savagely to keep the Wall of Stars from the Aelans. The Deathmoon slowed up Human and dwarf advances in the city and on the rooftop defenses with lethal volleys from their longbows. Down below, in the warrens of the northern part of the city, the Oozing Skull was waiting for the dwarfs. Tha-Wal had done his task and the time was nigh. Soon it would be over.
Just before moonset, Stonebolt and the dwarfs broke through the last of the areas being held by the Black Axe clan in the south of the city. The Raak broke into full retreat back the across the Night Square to the looming Gate of the Nine Moons, all the while turning and sniping as they withdrew. Silverthorne’s archers rained in fire from the bridges overhead, sweeping the way clean for Stonebolt by picking off pockets of resistance.
When Stonebolt hit the first of the Dripping Eye defenses, they were already in chaos. The humans and other dwarfs had blown the Gate of Stars and were pouring into Gaathmargh. This area of the city was mostly open ground for markets and grand buildings. Fighting in this area was mostly wide-open skirmishes that the Raak were not likely to win. They were outnumbered and fighting on two flanks and being fired on from overhead. It was not good.
Stonebolt looked up and noticed streams of dwarf and humans scrambling over the maze bridges. They were pushing the last of the Stoneheart and the Dripping Eye off the rooftops. There was nothing stopping him now. He wanted the Gate of Nine Moons for himself. Let it always be said that it was Stonebolt that had thrown open the Gates of Hell itself and challenged Seth to show himself.
The King of the Dwarfs strode out from the street and into the south side of the Great Square. To his right was the Gate of Nine Moons, still open. Raak fighters streamed through the huge metal gate to the innermost heart of Gaathmargh. They streamed from the western part of the city where the humans and dwarfs were advancing. Stonebolt could see Dripping Eye, Darksoul, Shadow Warriors and a Black Axe who had been fortunate enough to escape in the last few hours. They were streaming past him like a parade. It took him a moment to realize they did not know he was here. It was chaos. It was joyous. King Stonebolt of Thwarbak was victorious.
Overhead, the rooftop defenses were still fighting bravely against the humans and dwarfs. They were too busy trying to save themselves to worry about what was going on below. To the south, Lightbearer and Silverthorne were wiping out the last of the Black Axe defending the south of the wall. Stonebolt looked around at his men and signaled for a runner. He had three Centuries of Elite Axes with him. It would be more than enough.
Stonebolt summoned his runner. “Tell all commanders to take the Square and seal it. Nothing comes in that is not ours.” He turned to his personal aide. “We will take the Gate and seal off their last means of escape.”
Two minutes later, the horn sounded and the dwarfs flooded into the Great Square. Stonebolt lead the charge, his huge axe chewing a swath through the Raak who dared to block his way to the Gate of Nine Moons. The Dripping Eye turned to fight, but were too disorganized to make any real defense. In the time it took them to get it together, the axe-swinging dwarfs had slashed half way across the square.
Clan-Lord Dripping Eye fell before King Stonebolt in a fight that only stopped the battle for a second. The Dwarf-King cut down the Clan-Lord with a simple beheading strike and strode contemptuously over the body to the next Raak warrior in reach. Around him, the best axes in Thwarbak killed Raak with righteous pleasure as they cut their way to the Gate of Nine Moons. It seemed that nothing would stop Stonebolt from seizing the Gateway to Seth’s heart.
King Demonax Vilehand shook his head when he heard of King Stonebolt and the advance on the Gate of Nine Moons. He butted his spliff on the cobblestones and took his axe from his back. He looked around and pointed. “First Century comes with me.” He walked quickly to the Gate of Nine Moons, followed by a Century of Vilehand Elite. One hundred of the strongest Raak warriors, clad in heavy plate armor covered in black spikes fell in behind him, drawing out the heavy broadswords covered with a thick venomous paste. One scratch and the enemy would die after an eternity of screaming pain, every nerve afire.
Retreating clansmen were streaming through the Gate as Demonax strode up to the Gate of Nine Moons. Despite the apparent disorder, the moment they made it inside, the retreating Raak warriors immediately ran to their own clan units now forming up in front of the Shadow Keep. Only Festering Fist and Crimson Blade were not represented here.
King Demonax ordered the remaining Black Axe clansmen to throw open wide the Gate of Nine Moons wide. King Demonax stood in front of his warriors, his axe casually resting over his shoulder. As the Gate groaned open, the last of the Raak streamed through, passing Demonax as he waited calmly. King Stonebolt and a couple centuries of Dwarfs were in full pursuit. Demonax raised his battle-axe and marched out to meet the King of the Dwarfs. The Vilehand Elite streamed out and attacked the dwarfs. He laughed and strode out into the fighting. He took up a position among his men at the centre of the line and attacked. 
Despite being outnumbered, the Raak poison quickly evened the odds. This outraged the dwarfs who struck back even more maniacally. The shrieks of the dying strengthened the Raak resolve and fueled the dwarfish rage.  They were so close to the end they would not stop now.
Demonax blocked a chop with his axe head and then took out the annoying dwarf with a kick in the throat. He ripped the dwarf’s axe out of his hands and followed it up with a butt-stroke to the face. He turned around quickly and swept wide, his axe at chest height. The axe smashed into the chest plate of another dwarf, scoring it deeply and hurling the fighter off his feet into the crowd behind him, bowling over two or three more of Stonebolt’s best. 
    Demonax Vilehand laughed loudly and plunged into the dwarfish fighters with maniacal abandon. His axe ripped off heads, pared off arms and legs. How many, he lost count. He was having fun. Then there were none before him. He looked around, puzzled. He was surrounded by dead dwarfs and cheering Vilehand Elite. The enemy had not made it through the Gate of Nine Moons.
Twenty paces away stood King Stonebolt. For the moment it seemed as if all time had stopped as the two kings stared across the cobblestones at each other. The warriors of both sides looked to their kings and cheered. This was one of those a good public relations opportunities a battle of heroes that would be spoken of in ages to come.
King Stonebolt raised his axe in salute to King Demonax Vilehand. “Beast-King. It is your day to die!”
Demonax came forward, casually twirling his axe in his left hand. In all the chaos above and below, this place seemed to grow quiet and calm. The fighting came to a stop as the King of the Raak faced the King of the Dwarfs. He looked over Stonebolt with casual disdain. “And you would be?”
Stonebolt strode forward, also twirling his axe slowly and casually. “I am King Stonebolt of Thwarbak of the Osiran Alliance. I am your final battle.” 
“Very dramatic,” commented Demonax.  He turned to his aide. “Light me a spliff.” Demonax slipped a spliff out of his sleeve and lit it with his ring. He took a puff then handed it to his aide. “I’ll be back for that.” He stepped forward to meet the dwarf, his axe twirling slowly in front of him.
“One is permitted a last smoke,” cursed Stonebolt.
 They circled each other carefully and slowly. Stonebolt lunged forward, sweeping upward with a disemboweling attack. Demonax stopped the blow dead with his axe. The axes exploded with fiery sparks of purple and white where they struck, momentarily blinding those nearby.
Demonax slipped sideways and chopped down with a cross-body swing at the dwarf’s head. Stonebolt sidestepped the attack driving up into Demonax’s side. At the last moment, Demonax pulled away, the axe swinging wildly past him. He spun around then planted his feet and dropped to a crouch. He pointed the axe at Stonebolt and pressed the indentation in the haft.
The head of Demonax’s axe exploded with a puff of gray smoke. The heavy star-metal head blasted from the haft of his axe. The quarrel took Stonebolt under the arm, ripped through his armor and body, and exploded out through his back. 
King Stonebolt staggered back and slipped to one knee. His battle-axe dropped from his numb fingers and clattered onto the cobblestone. He looked up at Demonax, and sneered. “To perish at the gates of darkness ...  Awww, what a drag. You prick!” 
Zaburo stepped forward and chopped down through Stonebolt’s collarbone with a powerful stroke. The axe crashed through Stonebolt’s plated armor smashing him face down onto the cobblestones. Zaburo rolled him over with his foot and grabbed the star-metal head of his axe. He pulled it through the body with one powerful wrench. Blood spurted out over his leggings, but he did not seem to notice. He slid the quarrel back into the haft of his axe, still dripping with Stonebolt’s blood. “He was hardly worth the effort,” Demonax said, shaking his head.
Demonax looked around at the square full of eyes staring at him and smiled. He bowed to the dwarfs and then to his men. “Not much was he?” he said loudly. “Is that the best Osiris has to offer?” He turned to his men. “Let’s get this Gate closed and go for lunch. I could use a beer.”
The Raak on the wall cheered as King Demonax Vilehand strode back through the gate. He took his spliff from his aide, took a good puff, and then raised his battle-axe in victory. The spliff hadn’t even gone out.
The Gate of the Nine Moons groaned shut and the huge beams were set down to keep it closed. The dwarfs quickly swept up the body of King Stonebolt and rapidly retreated out of the square in front of the Gate of Nine Moons. Atop the wall, the Black Axe and the Dripping Eyes fought even stronger than before, firing into the retreating dwarfs. The Gate of the Nine Moons would be denied to the Osirans. The King of the Dwarfs was slain.
Lightbearer potted another Raak crossbowman on the Wall of Nine Moons with his longbow as his men pushed forward across the bridges to the meet them. They held their shields high to cover the rapidly firing Aelans among their ranks. There were hundreds of bridges covered with warriors streaming eastward. In the distance he heard the cheering and chanting. “Vilehand! Seth! Vilehand! Seth!” 
In the dim light he could see soldiers falling into the city below, victims of the occasional Raak snipers. The advance was steady and methodical. He had every intention of sweeping the bastards off the wall. He wanted his fingers around the throat of that upstart Demonax Vilehand. Lightbearer handed his bow to his aide and drew his sword as he readied to cross to the Wall of Nine Moons, when messenger from the Temple stopped him.
“King Lightbearer.” The messenger bowed and then spoke without waiting. “King Stonebolt has been slain by King Demonax Vilehand. Stonebolt tried to take the Gate of Nine Moons. He failed.” The messenger bowed his head and withdrew.
Lightbearer gripped his sword tightly and took a deep breath. He had known the dour Dwarf-King all of his life. His earliest recollections were of an old king, wise and powerful. He was pious, but self-assured in his own abilities and knowledge. He had ruled since his father King Ironjaw fell at Kuranas during the Vilehand War almost a century ago. He was a Dwarf of great integrity and honor. It seemed so unfair for him to fall this close to the end and to the axe of the Chosen of Seth. 
Lightbearer grimly vowed that Stonebolt would always be remembered as one of the great heroes of this age, one who perished bravely in the service of Osiris. He was a mighty but tragic figure in the scheme of history. It was truly sad to rule for a century only to be struck down in the hour of one’s greatest victory. The very idea he had been slain by Demonax Vilehand filled Lightbearer with rage. It was not right, but he would feel great joy when Vilehand’s blood ran over his sword, the Holy Miraculous.
“Osiris, forgive me?” Lightbearer whispered. Had Osiris punished Stonebolt for his audacity with the catapults? Surely, He would hold Lightbearer to blame, not Stonebolt, but who could understand the will of the Gods. He had issued the orders, not Stonebolt. He knew his life was forfeit. He would never leave this place but he would take Demonax’s foul head before he passed from this world. He had promised the last Vilehand King’s head to Osiris himself.
Lightbearer hoped his deeds would not taint Soulbright. Soulbright would be a fitting successor to the Throne of Light in Citus Royale. He hoped his son would be able to forgive him his deeds. Somehow, he did not think so, a pity.  His son would revile him and remove the name of Lightbearer from the places of honor. He just hoped Soulbright’s heart would know what his father had done was necessary. He hoped he would at least remember Stonebolt. 
They would never remember Lightbearer. The Temple would burn his body and spread the ashes to some unknown winds in the dead of night. His name would be cursed through history to many.  It would all be worth it, if just to end it all.
King Silverthorne lay his hand down on Lightbearer’s arm. “It is best we finish this thing now. I fear we have little time.”
Lightbearer nodded his head. “Just let me take the bastard’s head. That is all I want.”.”
The herald raised the trumpet and sounded two long blasts that echoed out over the city. All along the wall, the Osirans rose and renewed their assaults on the wall. In the north, the fighting had descended into an archery duel between the Death Moon Clan and the Aelan archers. Everyone was terrified at getting into the center of that battle. The Raak forced the Osirans to dig in on some of the rooftops and along the wall, but it was on the south where the Osirans had penetrated the deepest.
As Lightbearer and Silverthorne strode across the center bridge behind their advancing troops, the entire front was hit with a withering volley of heavy steel crossbow bolts that tore through shields and armor. These nasty bolts chewed up hundreds of the Lords of Light and Aelan Elite. Many fell from the bridges into the shadowy streets below.
The Osirans roared with rage and charged the last fifty paces at a full run. The conch sounded from behind the wall of Raak defenders. As the Lords of Light vaulted over the defenses and onto the Wall of Nine Moons, the only Raak they saw were those pouring down the stairs or over the wall in full retreat. A few minutes later, Lightbearer and Silverthorne stood on the Wall of Nine Moons and looked down onto the Killing Ground below.
“We have driven our sword into the heart of the Raak Empire. Though the fighting goes on around us, we are the tip of that sword. We shall strike into the heart of all that is Raak and of Seth and end this. I shall be happy to be done with this foul place.” Lightbearer sheathed Miraculous.
Silverthorne laughed. “We have waited for ten thousand years. Twenty-five generations have lived for this moment. Long ago, our sages foretold victory at the side of the Humans. We were not so sure but it would seem they were right. This is a wondrous time.”
“I suppose one should be pleased with a job well done,” Lightbearer replied with a shrug. “But when it is over, the Order of Light will declare me Anathema. It will be an empty victory for me.”
“There will always be an estate and a place of honor for you in Aelus if you ever wish it. You will always be a King in our land.” Silverthorne bowed slightly.
“I have lived my life as I have lived it. It comes with the good and the bad. Sins and evil must be atoned for or all is lost. My sins are not innocent mistakes or minor errors. There must be an accounting in the end. Remember me, old friend. I must stand before Osiris and account. He will weigh my heart on the scales and He will decide. I am pleased that I shall always be honored among your people, but I must answer to my fate.” He smiled at Silverthorne. “Now let’s bring down the house.”
The plateau was actually a huge cobblestone square measuring over seven square miles. In its entirety it was close-fitted granite cobblestones on a totally flat field.  The forest of impaling spikes had been cleared away. There were no hills or dips, totally flat. The square glittered from the small crystals of quartz in the cobblestone, polished smooth and clear. At the far end, under the farthest wall was the Shadow Keep. It actually was a half-keep, set into the back wall of Gaathmargh. Almost seventy feet high, it looked like a keep had been squeezed into soft rock then let to set. In fact, Seth had done exactly that.
Streaming towards the Shadow Keep and the waiting formations of the Vilehand Elite were the remnants of the Stoneheart, Dripping Eye, and Black Axe clans who were fleeing from the advancing Osirans. Scattered among the clansmen, there were the noticeable Darksoul priests screaming down curses and insults. They all centered on the huge Vilehand Banner where King Demonax Vilehand stood with his Darksoul aide, calmly smoking a spliff and directing the troops.
Lightbearer looked up and down the wall. The Aelans had scrambled out and let off a few shots, but the Raak soon retreated out of range. To the north, in the centre of the city, the dwarfs and elves were fighting a slow battle over the rooftop defenses pushing the Raak back to the Wall of Nine Moons. It was difficult to advance as the Death Moon continued to spray them with volleys of longbow arrows, but still they came. The Death Moon retreated but still killed hundreds as they scampered across the bridges in good order. Up north, Tha-Wal and his Ebony Tusk fought and held against the Aelan Legions raging before them. It did not matter now. “Soulbright would take care of them soon enough.”
The way to the heart of Gaathmargh was here. In this place, from this wall he would bring down the Throne of Skulls and end this conflict. End it here and now and the rest would fall, the Raak crushed as a threat to decent people everywhere. The Lords of Light would forever dispel the darkness. He would have them bring this cave down and turned all into rubble.
 Lightbearer summoned his signalman and held out his hand for his conch. “Give it to me. I will order the final advance into Gaathmargh.” The young man bowed and surrendered the ancient conch with both hands extended. Lightbearer turned it over thoughtfully in his hands, took a deep breath and blew.
The conch sounded one long blast. The moon had finally set.

Emperor Rato-Malcasta rode to the top of the rise that looked down from the Valley of Leerzej. His battle-axe lay across his lap and he held a crossbow resting on his hip.  On his left, his aide held high his standard, two copulating black rats on a red field.  Rato-Malcasta found himself surprised at the sight below him despite the reports from the scouts. Not so long ago it had been rather peaceful, as peaceful as any Raak lands could be. Not any longer.
The Valley of Shadows was swarming with warriors, tents, siege engines, and smoke. There were tens upon scores of thousands of Osirans in the valley. The fires of thousands and thousands of campfires, the stench of the dead, the sounds of battle in the distance, he had never seen the like. It was even more amazing than the sight of the Draakkan camps he had seen just a while ago. 
In the distance he could see the fires that lit up Gaathmargh. He could hear the distant clash of arms and knew that the fighting would not stop until one or the other perished. It was all or nothing. He laughed softly. Hypher the branded exile was now Rato-Malcasta, Emperor of Darvuun. Below him were the ones who had branded him, turned him into an outcast. Stripped of his honor, hated by the people, he had been reduced to a stone axe and skins for clothes. All because of their squeamishness in the face of battle. Now he stood, his axe held high over their festering necks. It was almost orgasmic.
“Bring them forward,” he ordered his Bodyguard. Four members of the Vilehand Elite dragged out the Osiran spies they had taken the night before. All were dressed in scout gear with little armor and tight green and black clothing. They reminded him of a guild hit team. They struggled to stay on their feet, to retain some sense of personal integrity and honor. Rato-Malcasta slid off his horse and walked up and examined the four men. 
They had been slapped around a bit, lost a few teeth perhaps, but they had not lost that arrogant look of the fanatic in their eyes. It was a shame that he would have to spare one of them. He selected the oldest and nodded to the Aide. “Him.” The Aide grabbed the man and pulled him out of the line and pushed him to his knees in front of Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun. 
He turned to the Raak and smiled. “Kill them.” They were swift and merciful, simple thrusts into the back with long thin daggers. Only the survivor groaned in despair. Everyone else laughed. 
Rato-Malcasta walked over to the last one and looked down at him. “You are alive because you are old. Your hatred will not live long. The others might have lived a long time maybe even into the next generation. My aide will give you a message for High Priest Barran and King Lightbearer. You will have a fifteen minute head start.” His aide handed the Osiran scout the scroll then unlocked the manacles.
Emperor Rato-Malcasta mounted his horse and sighted down the crossbow at the running man going down the slope. Pretty good for an old man, he thought, nodding his head. “Five minutes, gentlemen!” He lit up a spliff and relaxed. 
While Rato-Malcasta smoked his spliff, the Festering Fist swarmed out into the Valley in long columns to his left. They were headed directly into the Aelan rear in an effort to relieve Tha-Wal and the valiant Ebony Tusk on the north wall. As they swarmed into the Valley of Shadows, they fanned out into a wide front of advance at a good running pace.
They were carrying the banners of Soulbright’s Legion high, hoping to take advantage of the hopes of the Aelans. Maybe it would confuse the elves for just a short while in the dim light of the predawn. Mind you, a close look would clear away any misconceptions about who they were. Still, every second of confusion would be helpful.
The Festering Fist charged into the tents at the rear after sweeping aside a number of picket patrols with sheer numbers and momentum. They grabbed up torches and brands from the fires and hurled it into and on top of the tents. Flames burst out quickly.  The Festering Fist charged into hospitals, barracks, mess halls, and personal quarters and skewered elves with demonic glee. Using the serrated edged spears, a good weapon for close work, they massacred the unsuspecting Aelans. The Aelans had been expecting Soulbright, not the Festering Fist, and were in a panic. As the tents along the perimeter burst into flames, the tide of the battle changed.
“Die, motherfuckerrrrrrrrrrsss!” The roaring cheer rose from the Festering Fist as they struck the elves without thought of mercy or quarter. Elves had defiled their most sacred place. There would be no mercy for the defilers of Gaathmargh.
The Aelans eventually reacted, but not before a large part of their camp had been burned and hundreds slaughtered where they stood. Without much central command, the Aelan units abandoned the attack on the wall and turned to fight the Festering Fist. There was no time to think about how it had happened. It was horrific enough that it had happened at all. The Aelans withdrew from the wall and rushed to protect their rear from the new threat.  
There was a maelstrom of swords, spears, and an ancient hate that fueled this fire. There would be no quarter. It was all distilled here, in ten millennia of war and killing. As the sun rose over the mountains, the Aelans were locked in a life and death struggle to survive. The enemy was in front of them and on the wall behind them. All that remained was to fight.
Tha-Wal and his defenders slumped against the wall as the Aelans withdrew from the attack. The Gnome puffed a spliff and sipped wine from a skin handed to him by one of the Darksoul aides. He wished he could have chased the bastards down, but the warriors were too exhausted to take up the cause. They had done enough today. He had nothing left to use. He lost track of how many Aelans he had killed. Tha-Wal lit a spliff with his finger-flame and took a deep pull of the fragrant purple smoke. He looked up and down the wall and nodded with satisfaction. 
The Death Moon was keeping the Osirans at bay in the south. He had held the wall here and broken the Aelans pride and honor. Soon, Rato-Malcasta would be here. Two hundred thousand swords would join them and they would break the back of the entire Osiran Alliance. The Battle of Gaathmargh would define this age. And if everything goes to plan, Osiris gets snuffed.
Tha-Wal leaned back against the wall as he puffed contentedly. “We will rest until Emperor Rato-Malcasta joins us,” he said to the exhausted priests. “Then we will finish this war.”

The Crimson Blade swarmed out to his right in long columns, then spread out into a wide skirmish line and advanced to the west. They advanced down into the rear echelons, the hospitals, the temples, and eating tents, of the Geondran humans, along the wall towards the Wall of Night, as well as the supply wagons of the Thwarbak dwarfs.
The Crimson Blade was known for their blood-red scimitars. They gained further fame that day. They set fire to the tents and killed anything that moved. In a few places the wounded managed to put up a bit of a spirited fight, but small squads of crossbowmen snipers traveling among the attackers usually took care of that, cutting down pockets of resistance with ruthless efficiency. They turned to the Wall of Night to seal it off and ensure the Humans never left this place alive.
The Crimson Blade had no intention of abiding by some stupid code of war. This fight was to protect the very center of their existence. No affairs of honor, just flashing red steel. There is no code of honor when the enemy burns your homes and murders your women and children. With their serrated-edged scimitars, they sliced and diced their way deep into the camps.
The screams of the dying in the Valley aroused the priests and fighters on the Wall of Night. They were confused. Who could be attacking them? It was probably just another group of assassins and cutthroats trying to disrupt command and sow fear. The Osirans troops on the wall were wounded and were slow to react.
Crimson Blade warriors by the hundreds scampered up the Wall of Night using the hidden niches known by the Raak. They had been clambering over these walls for centuries. They clutched hand and foot holds set into the wall for such a purpose and quickly scaled the wall. 
At the top, they leaped over the edges and surprised the Osirans who were still milling around on the wall to see what was going on below. Many were clad in nightclothes and carrying swords. In no time at all the Crimson Blades ran red. More and more Raak warriors poured over the wall and the massacre began. Osiran casualties were high as they stumbled over each other trying to get out of the way of the marauding Crimson Blade. 
The sun was just coming over the mountains to the east when the Crimson Blade raised their standard over the Wall of Night. Ten centuries of warriors had scaled the wall in the predawn darkness and slaughtered priests, cooks, maidens, and any wounded unfortunate enough to be caught. 
Their mission was to take the wall and destroy any efforts of the Alliance to resupply and to take out any of the Priests of Light they could find. Come to think of it, they were to take out anyone they found. It was the deserved fate of those who had violated the unholy land of Seth’s Chosen People. There was only one penalty. When the flag was raised, not a single living Osiran remained on the Wall of Night.      
The survivors fled out through the Gate or over the Wall of Night to flee the madness. Many of the Osiran leaders and officers had been slain. Almost everyone had been killed. Likely over five thousand slaughtered, many not even warriors.  
Thelonious the monk stood on the plain a mile away and wept.
A mile from the wall some semblance of order returned and the few surviving Osirans formed into a defensive position. They saw the Crimson Blade Standard flying high over the Wall of Shadows and could hear the cheers and taunts of the victorious beast men. They were uncertain as what to do. Should they wait and try to regain the wall? That was an impossible dream at best. There were only six hundred of them. They camped and sent messengers to the fleet docked at Stoneheart to inform them of the situation.
Down in the Valley of Shadows, the rest of the Crimson Blade swung down into the back of the Alliance army. Osiran reserve units had managed to get into some semblance of order and were now fighting pitched battles among the burning tents. But the advantage was with the Raak. They had conducted exercises in this terrain for centuries. They knew every trick, every rock, every firing pit, and every trench. This was their ground. 
Still, the fighting was savage. The Raak had descended into a looting and razing madness. They wanted no captives and the Osirans were not in any position to take any.
Emperor Rato-Malcasta stood in his stirrups and signaled the advance with his battle axe held high over his head. Just down the slope, the supply wagons, weapons storage, and other equipment were stored and ready for use in the siege of the city. Small picket units were patrolling the boundaries of the camps, small patrols of five or six riders. Emperor Rato-Malcasta ordered his cavalry to advance on the rear of the Osiran supplies and tents. He could see Lightbearer’s glowing pavilion a few miles from the walls of Gaathmargh among the tents and cooking fires of support units. He laughed. He would get there soon enough. He slipped his eyescope back into his pocket and led the charge.
The Darvuunian cavalry rode down on the sleepy camps, lead by the Emperor Rato-Malcasta in the center. They rumbled down into the sleepy lines like a thunderstorm. Rato-Malcasta struck the first blow, decapitating one of the picket officers with a wild swing of his green-glowing axe. Holding it by the strap, he whirled it around blocking blows and hurling Osirans from their mounts in pieces.
Flanked by his Vilehand Elite Bodyguard and his Minions of Hell, Rato-Malcasta led the plunge into the lines of tents and piles of weapons. He carved up anyone within reach of his axe, including camp followers, half dozen cooks and a few priests. He got a particular satisfaction with those. Finally, a lucky shot from an Aelan archer took his horse from under him, but he saw it coming and slid off without injury.
“Dammmit!” Rato-Malcasta cursed as he looked down at the dead steed. “That horse cost me two hundred gold pieces! Now that pisses me off.” His bodyguards slid off their horses as well and joined Rato-Malcasta in a morning stroll through the carnage. He hadn’t had this much fun in years. He could do whatever he wanted. He was the Emperor. What a rush!
 To Rato-Malcasta’s rear, the Darvuunian archers began firing volley after volley over the front of the cavalry advances targeting tents with fire arrows to sow further confusion in the Osiran camp. Some volleys cut swaths through clumps of opposition, although one squad of Darvuunian cavalry got a bit chewed up for being ahead of the line of advance. Over a dozen had been taken out in one nasty volley. It had also taken out thirty Osirans, but it still sucked.
This worried Rato-Malcasta. It would slow down initiative and the advance if the troops were afraid of being zapped by their own archers. They would just have to slag the Osiran camp the old-fashioned way, with spears and swords and battle-axes. Sometimes the old ways are still the best ones. Rato-Malcasta held out his hand for the conch. The messenger set it in his master’s palm immediately. The Emperor raised the conch and sounded two quick blasts, paused, then sounded two more. The archers would now begin moving to flank positions to cover the Festering Fist advance on the left and the Crimson Blade on the right. He returned the conch to the messenger.
Rato-Malcasta looked around at his bodyguard and smiled. “What say we kick some ass, gentlemen?”

The Lords of Light swarmed down into the Killing Ground from the wall quickly but with great discipline and order. They could see the distant enemy standing and waiting for them in front of the ancient Shadow Keep. Quickly they formed up in their units and cheered as they stood waiting for Lightbearer.
King Lightbearer handed back the conch to the aide and slowly made his way down the stairs from the Wall of Nine Moons followed by King Silverthorne. His standard followed him silently down into the still air in the center of Seth’s seat of power. The formed men cheered more loudly now, for this was the great moment they had been fighting for all those years. It was the end of the Raak. Off to the north the fighting continued but here, it was calm here.
King Lightbearer IV drew out Holy Miraculous when he reached the bottom of the stairs and cradled the glowing blade across his chest. He walked proudly and with purpose across the cobblestone. As he passed his men, they lowered themselves to one knee and waited for him to go by. He reached his Imperial Standard, dropped to one knee and kissed it. “Praises to Osiris, Lord of Light.” 
Lightbearer rose and went to each of the nobles that had joined him in Gaathmargh. He shook their hands and accepted their silent vow to him. They were the cream of Geondran, Aelan, and Thwarbak nobility, the greatest military minds in the Empire. All but King Stonebolt. He had brought them to this victory.
The Priests of Light came down from the wall and passed through the men, blessing them and comforting those who had fears and doubts about the Holy Cause. The men had noticed that the fighting priests had withdrawn into defensive position, removing themselves from this fight. It set many mouths to talking, but the priests remained silent on the matter. Still, the priests of Osiris sprinkled holy water and burned fine incense in swinging braziers of gold and silver as they walked silently among the men. Some men they touched with the healing magicks.
High Priest Barran strode up to Lightbearer, but did not bow. His face was drawn and tired. “King Lightbearer IV.”
“You would bless me, High Priest and friend?”
Barran shook his head sadly.  He took Lightbearer aside and spoke to his King. “That is not possible. I come with news, Sire. Shortly after moonset, the army of Darvuun under Emperor Rato-Malcasta entered the Valley of Shadows from Leerzej. He is joined by the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade clans”
“Darvuun?” Silverthorne looked confused for a moment. “Emperor Rato-Malcasta? Who the hell is he? What happened to Braz-nur? The Darvuunians are supposed to be fighting the Draakka up north.”
“It would seem our intelligence is faulty,” commented Lightbearer. “It would seem that Braz-nur was slain and this Rato-Malcasta elected Emperor by the nobles. Darvuun has unilaterally abrogated the Treaty of Nova-Primus and come in on the side of the Raak. What has become of my son?” 
Barran bowed his head and sighed before he spoke. “We have been informed in a message from Emperor Rato-Malcasta of Darvuun that Soulbright and his Legion have been destroyed. The Darvuunians, in alliance with the Festering Fist and Crimson Blade clans, have annihilated the Second Legion to a man. Prince Soulbright is slain.” The High Priest passed the scroll to Lightbearer. Lightbearer looked down at the scroll in horror and recognized the Imperial Darvuunian Seal. “As we speak, the Darvuunians, Festering Fist, and Crimson Blade are advancing across the Valley of Shadows into our rear. We grieve with thee, King Lightbearer. We grieve for us all.” 
Silverthorne looked at Lightbearer and sighed. “We are cut off, Great King.”
Lightbearer stuck the scroll in his belt without reading it. He ran his finger absently down the blade of Holy Miraculous. “Still you will not bless me, High Priest?”
Barran pulled his mace out of his belt. “I will stand and fight beside thee as your friend, not your priest. We were friends before we were these people we have become.”
“Aye, we were friends once,” Lightbearer softly replied. He ran his hands up and down the blade of his Holy Sword absently looking at the Shadow Keep with all of the Raak swine standing down there and cheering. Lightbearer looked at them and smiled. “We are within moments of our goal. We are too close to give up now. The attack must continue. There will not be another chance like this for centuries, if ever again…”
“It’s all or nothing,” commented Silverthorne. “If we fail, we will be cut to ribbons.” He laughed. “Even if we win we may very well be cut to ribbons.”
Lightbearer smiled. “If.”

Scather and his men ran through the dark warrens under the Killing Ground by memory and soft whistles. Every so often he stopped and leaned against the warm stone. He sent out his mental tendrils through the stone over his head and felt the ghastly sanctimonious minds - pathetic hypocrites - of the gathered Osirans above him. 
Scather homed in on Lightbearer and the Priest as he padded quickly through the darkness. It was not that hard. The aura of Osiris was strongest here. Lightbearer projected piety and radiated the power of niceness and goodness, a sickening sort of self-sustaining purity that made Scather nauseous. Scather ran slowly then would stop and focus for a moment then move again. Finally, he felt the aura strong and slid Nightwind from its scabbard. 
Scather Bloodhand whistled. It echoed down through the tunnels. The Shadow Warriors crawled up into the hundreds of little bolt-holes scattered under the Killing Ground. Right above them the army of Lightbearer chanted and cheered. It made the blood of the Shadow Warriors burn. That scum was defiling the home of the People of Seth by their very presence. The Shadow Warriors waited and waited, crouching in the darkness clutching their weapons in eager fists as they waited for the whistle. 
He took the tunnel that felt right and crawled up into the small pocket. All that separated him from the sky was a piece of locked cobblestone. He found the handle and oriented himself in the dark. Crouching in the dark, Scather slowed his breathing. He sent out a message tendril on the ether to a young Shadow Warrior posing as a Darksoul beside Demonax Vilehand. The young assassin had powers similar to his own, but much weaker. He made a good messenger. He called forth the image of a clenched fist and sent it.
The young Darksoul, actually a Shadow Warrior agent, felt the message and nodded. He stepped up to King Demonax Vilehand and bowed. “All is in readiness, Chosen One. Lord Bloodhand awaits your command.”
Demonax smiled and turned to his remaining clan leaders. “Clan-Lord Shadow Warrior still lives. Prepare to advance. Now is the hour of our victory as I promised.” He looked around at their sceptical faces. They had seen so much of Gaathmargh savaged by these Osiran madmen that this did not seem terribly likely. The doubt showed in their faces and illustrated it with silent puffs of steam coming out of their snouts. “We have them right where we want them.” 
Still, it was the only game in town and they really wanted to kick some ass. The clan leaders looked around and shrugged. They shrugged their shoulders and called the men to arms. Death may be inevitable, but death in battle was glorious.

Seth roared with laughter, slapping his knees, and laughing hysterically. “Osiris is fucked!” He looked at Lord Serpent who was grinning from ear to ear. “Osiris is fucked! His men are fucked! He is utterly and royally fucked! That cretin, that bastard Demonax has pulled it off!”
Lord Serpent laughed. “Lightbearer has screwed up huge. He will be chewed alive. I fear we may have underestimated Zaburo, My Lord. ”
Seth rose to his feet and spread his ankh before him. For the first time in a thousand years a dim white light filled his chamber. “Welcome to my home, brother.”
Osiris strode across the hall and up the steps of the pyramid. He looked at Seth and then at Lord Serpent. “This toady can leave.”
“He serves me well enough. He will stay.” Seth nodded to Lord Serpent. “Now what can I do for the Lord of Light this fine evening?”
“It would appear that my situation is untenable,” said Osiris simply.
“Untenable?” Seth smirked. “You are fucked. In less than an hour, there will be nothing left. There is no retreat, nowhere to go. All that remains is the killing.”
“I ask quarter and your terms for surrender.” Osiris bowed his head. “Today the field is yours.”
“It is at that,” Seth laughed. Lord Serpent smiled widely but said nothing. Seth looked thoughtfully at Osiris for a moment, savoring the victory.  “You will order your men to down all weapons, not so much as a butter knife, and you will raise the flag of surrender personally. Lightbearer and Silverthorne shall be surrendered to King Demonax Vilehand for trial. If not, the lives of all intruders are forfeit.”
“It is cruel and unnecessary. Their role and their place in history are fixed. They have lost. The humiliation is total. A ransom shall be more than reasonable and acceptable. They must face my judgment for their deeds.” 
Seth shook his head. “Not enough. Lightbearer is responsible for the dissolution of The Barrier. He invaded Raak lands in a purely opportunistic fashion to take advantage of the havoc caused by the Draakka. It is their heads or that of the entire Alliance army. It is an acceptable cost. They are guilty of war crimes. King Demonax can accept nothing less. There is more, but we can discuss the details later. What is important now is to end the fighting. It’s playing hell on property values,” said Seth.
Osiris looked Seth in the face and sighed. “Agreed, although I think you are being petty about a couple of mortals. I shall take care of it forthwith.” Osiris bowed slightly as he turned and started to walk down the steps of the Throne of Shadows.
“Osiris, my brother.” Osiris turned to Seth. “Demonax Vilehand is one of the better Chosen Ones in centuries,” said Seth. “Surely you can see the mortals must be rewarded when they perform well? Anyway, I know you have things to do, armies to surrender and such.  You’re probably even getting ready the next set of prophesies to console your people for the dark centuries ahead. Make sure there is lots of suffering and pain. This age is mine.” Seth laughed. 
Osiris bowed slightly. “’Til next time, my brother” He was gone.  
   Seth conjured up the amethyst crystal before him as he lounged on the throne. “Let’s watch the show.” 



 
CHAPTER TWENTY

No battle is worth fighting except the last one.
-J. Enoch Powell

Rato-Malcasta yanked himself over the wall and dropped lightly to the cobblestones. He wiped his hands clean on his cloak and grabbed the gnome by the hands, shaking them vigorously. “Good to see you again, Tha-Wal. I see you have things well in hand.”
The gnome laughed and offered Rato-Malcasta a spliff from his silver case. “We still hold the northern third of the city and both walls. The Aelans are fighting the Festering Fist with their backs to the wall. We still have the Humans and Aelans on the rooftop maze to the south of us, and the Dwarfs are in the city below. The Black Axe still holds the Gate of Nine Moons. Reports indicate that Demonax Vilehand has snuffed King Stonebolt of the Dwarfs. Down in the city, it is chaos, but many Raak have died.”
“That’s fine. My men have already retaken the Gate of Stars. We swept through the panic after we fired Lightbearer’s pavilion and killed his whores. We took the Gate rather easily, if you call a few hundred dead easy. It will take some time for the rest of the troops to catch up, so I thought I would come over and see how things are going.” Rato-Malcasta took a deep pull from his spliff. “I thought I’d get here early, maybe have a beer with Demonax if we have time.”
“I don’t think we’ll have time. Lightbearer and Silverthorne are already over the Wall of Nine Moons and formed up on the Killing ground.” Tha-Wal butted his spliff under his calloused toe. “We have a route ready over the bridges to the Wall of Nine Moons. We can get our elite units down onto the Killing Ground and maybe even the odds a bit. But we must go now.”
The gnome turned to his runners. “Order every third Death Moon to report to the Wall of Nine Moons within the hour.”
Rato-Malcasta looked to his aide. “How many do we have?”
“We can spare two Centuries, Sire.”
“Order the two with the least casualties to form up to move immediately. We go to crush Lightbearer once and for all.” Rato-Malcasta turned to Tha-Wal and smiled. “So let’s go see how Demonax is doing.”
Rato-Malcasta and Tha-Wal trotted across the bridges to the tops of warehouses where arrow pits were still manned by the Death Moon archers. The morale was still high and they cheered the Dwarf Emperor and the Gnome loudly as they passed.
“So much for subtlety and stealth,” cursed Rato-Malcasta. It made him feel like a target every time he popped up his head to dash off to the next rooftop. All he needed was some lucky archer or wizard to blow his head off. It was not always that safe down below. Fool dwarfs had a habit of taking pot shots with their crossbows at those on the bridges overhead, taking out more than a few careless passers-by with shots in the ass.
They made it to Nine Moons, well ahead of their troops and stared down into the open ground below. It was the Killing Ground. Out in front of the Shadow Keep, the Vilehand banner flew. Demonax Vilehand stood alone under his banner calmly puffing a spliff as he watched the warriors ready themselves for battle. 
Thousands and thousands of the clans of the Raak stood ready around the Chosen of Seth. The banged on their shields with their spears and swords and chanted and stomped the stones again and again. “De-mon-ax! Seth! De-mon-ax! Seth!”
The entire southern third of the wall had fallen to Lightbearer. Thousands and thousands of Lords of Light and Aelan Elite Archers under the personal banners of Lightbearer and Silverthorne swarmed onto the Killing Ground and formed up for battle. They pounded the cobblestone with their spears and chanted as well. “O-sir-is! O-sir-is!” 
In this place there would be no feint and thrust. They would leap at each other’s throats and only one of them would be left be standing. It would be a brutal fight that would end when the other side was dead, when they held their enemy by the lifeless throat. Both sides knew that. In that they were no different.
“Nope,” commented Rato-Malcasta to Tha-Wal. “It would seem that things are already underway. It’s too late for a pint.” He turned to his aide. “Form up all units on King Demonax Vilehand’s standard. Quick time.”
Demonax and his Vilehand Elite had taken their place at the centre of the Raak line as they formed up to face Lightbearer and Silverthorne. There would be nothing elegant about this fight. The Vilehand banner hung limply, the wind had faded away, almost as if the world was holding its breath.
It blinded them! They were not sure what it was but the blindness was searing. It only lasted for an instant. Buried in the cobblestone between the two armies facing for the final battle was a burning spear. It was huge, burning with bright flames, blue and white entwined in a mesmerizing beauty. Then He was simply there. One moment He was not there, and then he was, no flash, simply presence. Waves of fear swept over the Raak.
Osiris was clad in gold kilt and sandals, a physique radiating power, with a golden ankh clutched in his powerful fist. He, with the head of a falcon, was Osiris. He pulled his spear out of the concrete and dismissed it with a thought. He stared out at the army of the Raak with disgust and shook his head. 
The Raak warriors were filled with horror. Osiris was here in Gaathmargh itself. They sank in terror to their knees and prayed for Seth to come to them. Only Demonax Vilehand calmly stood on his feet, smoking a spliff.
Lightbearer stood in shock and amazement. Osiris had come to Gaathmargh! He felt his despair fade from his heart as his Master walked across the cobblestones directly for him. He sheathed Miraculous and stood proudly to face Osiris, his god.
All around Lightbearer, the men went to their knees as Osiris approached their king. High Priest Barran was doing a full face-plant and babbling incoherently. Only Silverthorne stood with him. The elf struck Lightbearer as curious. He seemed to have a bemused, but properly deferent, look on his face. 
Osiris stopped five feet away and gazed down at Lightbearer with a look bordering on contempt. “You have been found wanting, mortal.”
Demonax took out his ancient conch and laughed as he took a deep breath and raised it to his lips as he nodded to the mentalist.
Rato-Malcasta slowly exhaled the smoke and took in another deep pull before he flicked it over the wall and charged down the stairs onto the Killing Ground. 
Tha-Wal coughed out a lungful of smoke, flicked away his half-done spliff, and led the charge down the wall with his men, right behind Rato-Malcasta.
Scather slowly exhaled through his nose and felt his body surge as he drew in another breath filled with fire. The aura above him almost burned his soul and mind to ash, but he held his mind together. He was actually here!
The young Darksoul mentalist sent a mental fist to Scather. Finally. He drew a deep breath.
Demonax sounded one long blast on the conch. 
Scather saw the fist and sounded the long whistled blast that echoed down through the tunnels for all to hear. He spat out the whistle, counted three and then wrenched down the cobblestone that covered his pit.
All across the Killing Ground, over a thousand holes popped open under the Osiran Army. Three centuries of Raak Shadow Warrior assassins sprang from under the ground among the ranks of the Legions of Light and attacked. Hundreds of Warriors of Light fell into pits filled with sharp spikes. Indiscriminately using envenomed blades and throwing stars the Shadow Warriors killed whatever was in reach.
Scather Bloodhand sprang from his bolt-hole three feet to the left of Osiris. He slew an Aelan noble with a casual hurled of a dagger covered in spider venom. The venom did not kill him though. The blade passed through the noble’s tongue and out the back of his head, dropping him instantly. 
Scather looked around, assessing everything in a flash. “Osiris!” Scather stepped in low and thrust up under the open side of Osiris with Nightwind. The black sword sunk in with surprising ease and split the heart of the Light. Scather ripped his sword free as Osiris reared back in surprise. He turned to Scather Bloodhand, clutching his side, still confused as to what was going on. It was all or nothing. Scather Bloodhand thrust Nightwind right into Osiris’ chest, driving the sword with his full body weight right up to the hilt. He slammed up against the golden body and looked into savage falcon’s eyes. He could see the burning hate and rage and total shock. For a moment Scather wondered how he could have believed he was a god. He twisted Nightwind.
Scather felt the surge of power rising through Nightwind, a tsunami of pure power rising deep from Osiris. Every nerve in his body was energized by pure fear. He could feel his own death coming with that wave of power. Scather threw himself backwards, colliding into a priest, as he ripped Nightwind out of Osiris’ chest. Liquid light spurted out of the gaping wound and dribbled out of Osiris’ beak and ears. 
The air crackled. Scather reached deep into his mind. In that moment the world exploded. It was a searing blast of the purest white light. Scather saw stars. He never heard the blast, barely felt the heat of the exploding sun as he was hurled away. 
“Fuck me gently,” whispered Rato-Malcasta as the huge blast lit up Gaathmargh. He staggered, surprised when the blast wave rolled over the Killing Ground and swept down the wall followed by a thunderous roar that deafened everyone.  He was confused, unsure of what had happened.
Tha-Wal grabbed cobblestones as the blast wave rolled over them. He was exhausted and his shield was shattered. “By the grizzled bag of Seth, he has done it,” he commented softly to Rato-Malcasta. The wall and the city seemed to have grown silent. Everyone had seen the blast of light deep inside of Gaathmargh and wondered what it meant. Tha-Wal knew that it meant Osiris had been killed. It was the only explanation.
Demonax Vilehand got up and wiped himself clean. He had been knocked flat by the blast, even at that distance. It was amazing. Scather must have done it. “To your feet!” he roared as he pulled his axe from off his back. His vision was still a bit fuzzy from the blast but other than that he felt fine. No one could hear him, but they saw him begin to charge the enemy, all by himself.
All around him, the Vilehand Elite and the rest of the Raak were coming to their feet, not sure what had happened. They did know that the Chosen One had called them to battle so they picked up their weapons. They saw him charging, and they followed.
Where Osiris had stood was a hole over eighty paces wide and forty paces deep, a perfect bowl shaped crater. The rock inside the crater glistened like glass, the sand and stone fused by the searing heat of His passing. Anyone and anything inside that area was vaporized. Hundreds of paces from the centre were those who had been slain by the blast or seriously burnt by the heat. Black stumps and pieces of bodies in armor littered the Killing Ground.                    
Further out from the centre the wounded and stunned were now getting to their feet, only now beginning to realize what must have happened. They moaned in pain and agony from the burns and blindness from the flash. The Shadow Warriors that had survived the blast tried to take advantage of the chaos to retreat to the warrens under the Killing Ground. Many of them had been killed or wounded in the blast and just wanted to escape the madness. A few confused assassins fell into the pits and died; a few managed to get into the tunnels and staggered away in the darkness.
The Osirans looked for the banner of Lightbearer and saw nothing but smoke and charred dead. They knew in that moment Osiris had been slain. Filled with terror and despair, they broke, fleeing back over the Wall of Nine Moons as fast as they could go. There were no leaders or priests who had survived the searing blast of Osiris’ passing.

Seth grabbed the sides of his head and howled. “Arrgggghhhhh!!” He jumped up from the Throne, pulling his ears and screaming. “You assholes! You fucking assholes! What have you done? You have slain my brother!” 
Seth stared at the floating amethyst crystal, looking at the crater where Osiris had been only moments ago. The assholes had actually killed Osiris. It should not be possible. Who would ever have thought they would be that audacious? They had no idea what they had done.
Seth shook his head in disbelief. How could he have ever even considered this might happen? Since when did slaves dare to slay a god or to even contemplate it? Untold thousands of years of competition and good gaming had now ended because one of the game pieces became too overzealous. A mortal had slain a God.”
“Well fuck you all!” Seth roared in sorrow and rage. “I’ll rip your fucking heads off!” He turned to Lord Serpent who stood staring at the crater of glass in the crystal floating in front of the throne. “Hold the fort. I’ll be right back,” spat Seth. He summoned his Spear of Night to his hand and then vanished.

Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta quickly scurried across the Killing Ground with their troops, running to where the blast had occurred. They no longer cared what happened out in the valley or on the walls or in the city. This was what they had come to do. They could see the Osirans retreating in panic back over the Wall of Nine Moons, pursued by the screaming Raak legions. It was no retreat but a rout. 
Demonax stopped at the side of the crater, astonished. The gathered remains of his army charged across the Killing Ground. They took the time to finish off any survivors of the explosion with their axes, spears and swords. They were enthusiastic and ecstatic as they slaughtered the weeping and wounded. They had seen Osiris slain. Demonax had led them to victory. They would storm the heavens themselves behind his axe. They swarmed back up the Wall of Nine Moons in steady pursuit of the fleeing Osiran survivors. 
“Kill them all.” Demonax ordered his men to pursue the Osirans, then stopped and returned to the side of the crater of glass to light a spliff. He took a deep breath. Son of a bitch, he thought to himself. Who could have known, Scather? He felt a twinge of regret for the young assassin. Demonax had grown to like the guy. He was definitely one of the best, or had been one of the best, actually. 
Everyone had been vaporized. Lightbearer, Silverthorne, Barran, and every worthy noble of three kingdoms annihilated in one blast. One long blast of his conch and none remained. Now that was a blast. He was smoking a spliff and musing on the death of Scather when Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta arrived.     
Tha-Wal stared down at the glass crater. “Huge mother of a blast,” he said, nodding at the hole. “What happened?”
“Where’s Scather?” asked Rato-Malcasta as he looked around.
“I think he got vaporized like everyone else who was close.” said Demonax.
Scather tried to shake the cobwebs from his head, but he could barely move. He tried to flex his body and figured out that he was still alive. He could see directly ahead of him. It was a long tunnel, like looking down a long tube. Some distance away he could see vague figures standing around. Then it occurred to him. He was embedded in the Wall of Nine Moons and could barely move. Son of a bitch! 
He had been able to throw up a force wall at the last moment. It had been virtually instinctual and very lucky. The blast had hurled him into the wall at an incredible speed. He should be dead, incinerated or splattered like paste on the wall. It was no wonder he had blacked out. The shield drained almost every bit of energy he had. Scather had never felt so exhausted. Now all he had to get out of the wall.
“He must have been vaporized when Osiris exploded.”  He pointed out the carnage around the crater. “It was the most incredible exit I have ever seen. Scather took out Osiris. I saw him drive his sword into his chest and then Osiris exploded. Lightbearer, Silverthorne, Barran, and every other noble of note blasted into nothing.” Demonax took a puff on his spliff.
“Actually, I am not quite dead.” It was muffled, but it sounded like Scather.
The three of them frowned and looked around. “Scather?” asked Tha-Wal. The gnome looked around and tilted his head. It was coming two hundred paces away, from the wall.
“In the wall. I’m in the wall,” said Scather impatiently. It seemed so self-evident, so obvious.
The three of them looked over at the wall. Demonax noted a hole shaped like a man, his arms and legs out wide like a snow demon kids made in the snow. That had not been there before. Demonax walked over to the hole and stared inside. Four feet into the stone he saw the annoyed face of Scather Bloodhand. He had been form-fitted four feet into the wall and had a bit of a bloody nose but seemed fine otherwise. 
“You never cease to amaze me,” laughed Demonax. He turned to Tha-Wal and pointed at the wall with his axe. “Can you do something to get him out of the wall? He’s in there pretty deep.”
“Scather?” Tha-Wal laughed. “Yeah sure. I have a vial of stonemelter here somewhere.” He rummaged around in his belt pouch for a minute or two. ‘Here it is.” The gnome popped the cork and poured the light gray liquid on the stones around the hole. “Give it a minute or so.”
Scather felt the stone around him get warmer, and then sag. It turned into dry sand and he slid face first out of the wall into a pile in front of them.
 Scather got up slowly and brushed himself off after he dug around in the sand for Nightwind. He wiped the blade clean on his sleeve and put it back in his shoulder scabbard. He looked exhausted. “He looked at me when he died,” said Scather. “You have never seen such hate.” He walked by them and over to the glass crater.
Demonax could see that Scather was in a kind of shock. He walked up to Scather and put his hand on his shoulder. “You should be dead. All of us should be dead. Instead, you have slain a god.”
“INDEED!” roared the voice from behind them.
Seth appeared beside the glass crater, less than twenty feet from where Scather and Demonax stood. Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta stood for a moment in shock, and then dropped to their knees. They had never seen Him in person before, but the literature was pretty extensive on Seth. They saw him with his wondrous Spear of Night clutched in one hand and his obsidian ankh staff in the other. His powerful physique radiated power. He was a beast with red eyes and a snout with razor-sharp teeth that glowed and burned deepest purple. It was all they could do remain kneeling and to fight the aura of fear that rippled off the Lord of Shadows and the Night.
Demonax and Scather turned to the sound of the voice and the spontaneous cheers from the wall. The word went out. Seth had come. Seth had come. Immediately, Scather dropped to his knees and planted his face on the stone. Demonax bowed from the waist and remained on his feet. He was, after all, the Chosen of Seth, Son of Shadows, King Vilehand of the Raak. He had led the forces of Seth to a great victory this day.
Demonax stared at Seth as he strode up to them and looked them over. He could see the rage in Seth’s eyes and was not surprised. For a while, maybe it would be a good idea to be Seth’s perfect servant. “I welcome thee to Gaathmargh, Great Seth. I welcome thee to the site of thy greatest victory.”
Seth glared down at Demonax Vilehand and shook his head. He was stupid for a Chosen One. That was the problem with the Raak race, a limited supply of brains. This fool had no inkling of what he had done. That such a shallow mind should get so abominably lucky was absurd. Good help really was hard to find. He would deal with him later. Seth looked down at Scather Bloodhand, and then motioned for him to stand. “Rise.”
Scather rose slowly to his feet and bowed. “Great Seth, I am your servant Scather Bloodhand.”
“Indeed?” Seth smiled. “One who slays a god would serve another?”
“All in your service, Great Lord of Shadows.” Scather dropped his eyes and bowed his head.
Seth backhanded Scather with his obsidian ankh across the face. The strike surprised Demonax and hurt Scather bad. He felt his jaw snap shut. Teeth mashed together and his jawbones shattered. Pain lanced across his face. The blow flung Scather five or six feet slamming him onto cobblestones. He tried to speak, but pain lanced through his entire face. His scream was a gargle of blood and shattered teeth.
“You slew my brother, my greatest companion,” roared Seth. “You presumed to know the will of the Gods. You are nothing. You have always been nothing and shall return to nothing. I shall ravage this world and spread misery and pain for eternity. For you Scather Bloodhand, I reserve your death for myself.” Seth laughed and raised his Spear of Night high over his head. “You will suffer such unending pain as you have never known. You dare!”
“No!” Demonax lunged forward and swept his axe down into the middle of Seth’s back. He felt it crunch through the ribcage, but when he tried to pull it out it became snagged on Seth’s spine. He let go of the axe and leapt to the right while whipping out Elfmourner. Seth howled like a wounded wolf and spun around. He met Demonax Vilehand face-to-face in that moment when Elfmourner’s tip tore through his chest and impaled him. His death was instant. Seth exploded in a blast of blue-red fire in a ball that started to grow, and then silently imploded into a black dot. Demonax let go of Elfmourner as it tried to suck him into the imploding flames. The last keening screams of Seth’s passing echoed over the city of Gaathmargh. The axe bounced on the cobblestones and there was silence. 
For that one moment Zaburo’s mind exploded into the ultimate orgasmic experience. He had pulled off the greatest assassination in history. His eyes flared in joy and he laughed aloud. Scather looked up at Demonax Vilehand’s face through his own pain and saw the blazing light in his eyes. The light faded from Demonax’s face and he was the assassin Zaburo once more. It lasted but an instant, but Scather saw it. Demonax picked his axe up from the cobblestones and walked over to Scather’s side. “Are you okay?”
“Fuck!” whispered Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta at the same time. Demonax Vilehand had slain Seth. He had slain Seth to save the life of his friend. They never thought he had it in him. They silently watched Demonax help Scather to his feet. They seemed to not hear the sounds from the walls. Time seemed to pass so slowly, like walking underwater. Scather cupped his bloodied face in his hands and moaned softly as he mended them with his touch.
Wailing rose from the walls. Seth had fallen under the axe of the Chosen One. Osiris fell under the sword of Scather Bloodhand. They were all lost. Filled with despair, all they wanted was escape. While the four of them stood there, all the warriors fled Gaathmargh, over the Wall of Nine Moon and the madness beyond. And the fighting became insane, a madness. It swept over everyone in the city and beyond into the Valley of Shadows. Mindless and homicidal rage took them all.
They stood next to the glass crater smoking a spliff as the sounds of battle moved away from them. By the time they finished a spliff, the clashing and screaming was receding. 
“You snuffed Seth,” said Rato-Malcasta. “That was not in the plan, if I remember correctly.”
“Why,” asked Tha-Wal? “Why did you not tell us you were planning to take out Seth?”
“It was a fluke,” replied Zaburo. “When Seth tried to kill Scather, I just reacted. I just reacted.” Demonax took a puff on his spliff and looked at the gnome. “I wasn’t planning it.”
Tha-Wal looked at Demonax and smiled. “I wonder?” Tha-Wal mused as he tried to penetrate that face. In his gut he felt it was a lie. It made perfect sense, or was it one of those flukes in life. A feeling is not proof.
“I saw Zaburo’s face when Seth died,” said Scather. Tha-Wal and Rato-Malcasta looked at the bruised Scather, still talking roughly through a smashed up mouth. They never saw the look he gave Demonax in that brief moment. Demonax never acknowledged that he understood. “He surprised everyone, including himself. It was a fluke, and I owe my life to it. If he had failed, we would all be dead.”
“Why was Seth so pissed?” Rato-Malcasta shook his head. “Sometimes the things we do are simply not appreciated.” They all laughed. “For them it was a game. They never expected this to happen.”
Demonax took a last pull from the spliff and flicked it into the crater. “I suggest we get the hell out of here. This place is going insane. Who knows what will happen? If they decide to turn on us, they’ll rip us to shreds.” 
“There are escape tunnels from the Shadow Keep,” said Scather. He winced. He could feel his jaw quickly knitting together but he was weakened and it still hurt to speak. “They lead out under the mountains. They are only known to the Shadow Warriors and the Vilehand.”
Tha-Wal stopped at the doorway to the Shadow Keep and looked back at the smoking city. He wondered for a minute what would happen to all those left here. Not that he really cared. He had never really expected to pull this off but they had done it. Not one god, but both. So much for the reward of a grateful god. All this for nothing? 
What would happen to the others still fighting out in the city and valley? He realized with amusement that he really did not care. At least they had achieved their goals, they died for their gods. They had selected their fate and destiny. They had just been given them the chance to die for their god. What more could they ask? He lit a spliff with a finger-flame and headed for the tunnels. He hated tunnels. Still, the treasury was there. Maybe grab a few baubles before they leave.

Down in the Valley of Shadows, and in the smoking ruins of Gaathmargh, on the walls, and on the plains, the fighting continued. There was no longer any coherence or sanity. There was no quarter, no mercy, no honor left on the battlefield. All that remained was the desire to slay the enemy even if it meant their own death. Many got their heart’s desire.
The fighting continued throughout the day, into the night, and into the small hours of the morning. Eventually, the fighting ended, not with any great victory but because they could either no longer find each other in the darkness, they were too exhausted, or they were dead. The fighting simply faded away. It finally occurred to them that the war was over.
By the time the sun rose, the survivors were staggering and stumbling out of the valley. They no longer cared whether they were Raak, human, elf, and dwarf; it made no difference to them at all. All they wanted to do was to get out of this place. They fled through the now abandoned Gate of Shadows and scattered south and west. Others fled to the north back over the battlefield where Rato-Malcasta and his Raak allies had destroyed the Osiran’s greatest legion and slain Lightbearer's son.
It would later be said that less than one in one thousand who entered the Valley of Shadows ever left it. No one ever knew how many Raak survived. Those who left it, left with nothing. It was also said that many who survived that day went slowly mad.

The four escaped from Gaathmargh through the ancient tunnels hidden below the northern mountains.  They stopped only for small breaks and spliffs. Scather and Zaburo consulted in low whispers as they checked the signs on the tunnels and continued on their torturous route through the darkness. There was little time for talking, just running.
“These tunnels are known to the Shadow Warriors,” explained Zaburo. “If they chose to come after us, it could be a problem.” 
The only one that seemed to really have a problem with the running was Tha-Wal. He was much more attuned to small shrubs and bushes rather than caves and the forever-damp stench of the ground hidden from the sun. He was also a gnome and a wizard, neither known for their athletic prowess, unless they were stealing something, pulling a prank, or rolling a spliff.
Tha-Wal wanted to go home. He wanted to feel the warmth of the sun on his face and to feel the damp, cool moss on his butt. He wanted to run his fingers over the delicate petals of his Venus flytrap roses and through the blades the grass around his cottage in the Grove. He had enough of the long nights, rancid wine, stupid people, and power-seeking lunatics and rampaging gods. Yes, it was time to go home. He thought that it was highly unlikely that Bettina would still be around and single. Alas, it was still time to go home.
The gnome noted again that the Raak had very little imagination. Most of the long tunnels were straight and unadorned. To guide them small lights, actually dim glowing stones, were set into the stone at the junctions. It was no surprise to him that the lands of the Raak were riddled with tunnels. It was just surprising to him that they were so damned organized for a race so damned stupid.  
Tha-Wal fumbled his way through the darkness occasionally stopping to light a spliff just for additional light, of course. He found it getting harder to get even a small finger-flame going, he was so tired. 
Hypher, on the other hand, seemed right at home in the tunnels and darkness under the earth. It was the heritage of his race. The dwarfs had always been intimate with Mother Earth. It was part of their very soul. Hypher found himself running his hand along the stone, identifying the different stones merely by touch. He sighed and found himself thinking of home for the first time in many years.
It was time for the Emperor of Darvuun to go home. He had achieved everything he had wished to do from the day those bastards had branded his hands and cast him into the wilderness to die. Even though he had walked the stars as had Zaburo, and Scather, and Tha-Wal, and knew that all of this was futile and stupid, there was an intense satisfaction in knowing that he had shafted the bastards in the end. There was nothing left for him to do, he had done all. He had even been an emperor. It was time to go home.
It was unfortunate for most of the Raak that the Shadow Warriors and the Darksoul alone knew these tunnels. Scather and Zaburo did not seem to be worried about being followed by Raak warriors out for their heads. Right now, every Raak warrior who knew anything of these tunnels was fighting for his life in the Valley of Shadows and in the ruins of Gaathmargh. They would have little time to spend looking for vengeance when they were simply trying to survive the madness.
Still, prudence dictated a swift departure was advisable.  There was no sense taking pointless chances. 

 




CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Men occasionally stumble on the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
-Sir Winston Churchill

Demonax was dead. Zaburo sat next to the campfire smoking a spliff and drinking the last of the pot of coffee.  The sun had set a long time ago. It had been a long seven days in the tunnels and another week to get to Virgin Green. He was glad it was over. It was good to be a no one again, but a no one loaded with gems and gold.
He really didn't know where Scather had vanished to or what he planned to do with himself.  The mentalist assassin had disappeared during the night before they got to Virgin Green.  After they had escaped from the tunnels under the mountains from Gaathmargh, Scather had been very quiet.  He had not said much but looked at Zaburo from time to time; wanting to ask something he could not ask.
Hypher, and Tha-Wal had left a few hours ago leaving Zaburo next to the fire drinking coffee and smoking.  He sat on this small hill on Virgin Green, five miles away from Kuranas, the same place where he had first met Hypher and Tha-Wal. It seemed as if he had known them for millennia or two, but they were gone now. He was finally alone again, but he really didn't mind that too much.  
Zaburo was amused that Scather never seemed to be willing to ask him if he had really ever intended to kill Seth or not.  It almost seemed that Scather was afraid to find out the Zaburo had used them all along in order to get one shot at the Lord of Shadows.  Zaburo had no intention of raising the issue if he did not have to; it would always be best if they all believed he had struck that fatal blow to save his friend. Let the future remember it that way if it remembered it at all. He was vain enough to find that amusing.
Scather Bloodhand knew Zaburo Tolchak very well. He very deeply suspected the demise of the Lord of Shadows was no accident.  He felt it right down to the soles of his boots, but he could not prove it and Zaburo would never admit it.  It would always leave a slight stain on Scather's greatest achievement, the killing of Osiris. He could not tolerate the idea that he had been used as bait in a trap to kill Seth.
Scather knew that he would never be able to trust Zaburo again. Come to think of it, he doubted if he had ever really trusted him. Zaburo had been willing to sacrifice Scather in order to get that one shot at the God of Shadows. And even though Scather had slain the Lord of Light, he had been nothing more than bait for Zaburo's ultimate game. Any further association with Zaburo would only likely get him killed. That was not an option. It was time to do the mysterious thing and vanish into the night. He did it, taking his backpack filled with gems and mauve hashish. They were not surprised to find him gone.
Hypher abandoned his imperial regalia in the dark tunnels. He had decided to go home to his family estates and try to mend fences with his estranged family. It had been a century now since he had been cast out of the Imperial Army of Darvuun. He would return home as a discharged veteran of the Third Darvuunian Axe, having served honorably and with distinction. His honorable discharge was his last official act as Emperor of Darvuun. He had had enough.
Tha-Wal had already decided long ago that he wanted to go home to the Grove.  He had already seen more than he had ever expected to see in his lifetime.  He had seen the killing of the gods, the annihilation of every royal house, vampires, demons, and the madness of war carried out to its ultimate conclusion.  It all started as a bit of a lark, but very quickly gotten out of hand.  He wanted to go home.
He wanted to caress the soft leaves of his Venus flytrap roses and feel the soft moss that covered the stone seats around the small fountain in his garden. He wanted to feel the soft grass between his furry toes. He was no longer interested in epic conquests; there was no beauty in battlefields strewn with the dead, the stench of smoke and blood. Where was the glory?  If that was glory he could do without it.  It was inconvenient, annoying, and downright dangerous. 
When they reached Virgin Green early in the afternoon, they decided to have one final pot of coffee together. During that time only Zaburo declined to say where he was going to go or what he was going to do.
"I have no idea," said Zaburo when Hypher asked him what he was going to do with the rest of his life.  "Maybe I'll just travel around for a while, see the sites of the great battles.  I think I'll stay away from the cities for some time.  Things will probably be unpleasant for a little while.  I have enough mauve and enough gems to keep me going for a decade or two."
Hypher and Tha-Wal smoked one last spliff with him before they left towards Xalvun, the port west of Kuranas. The two of them hopped a ride on the first ship they could find. He hoped they could get across the Yax before the news of what happened at Gaathmargh became general knowledge. Zaburo watched them from the top of the hill and when they were out of sight he returned to the campfire and finished the last of coffee.
He tossed a few handfuls of sand on what was left of the fire after he lit one more spliff with a coal. Zaburo swung his backpack over his shoulder and took one last look at Kuranas. There was nothing for him there; all he had ever known or owned was seven decades gone. It was just another place. He headed north across the plains of Virgin Green.
Zaburo remembered the floating islands in the mist, the delicate wisps of wind that followed the passing of other islands around him. The aromas of pine and cedar islands wafted like perfumes made each island a little paradise. 
Zaburo Tolchak wondered if Xann would remember him. She seemed so certain that he was going to be killed. She misunderstood his ability to focus and harness his rage. She saw a weakness that he had made strength. Still, he liked the old doll. He looked forward to meeting Xann again, and having some more of her superb strawberries and cream. She made a great pot of coffee.
 It is hard to believe it only been a few months since he left. He had built an empire and triggered the biggest war in history. He had left the world in flames, scattered a million dead across the fields of battle not because he was filled with hate, but because he wanted to be left alone. He hoped she would not hold that against him.
As Zaburo Tolchak strode across the plains to the north, he sparked up a spliff. Soon only the burning ember of his spliff could be seen bobbing about in the darkness under the waxing moon.  

The smooth black pyramid shimmered in the bright red light from the great spot overhead. The spot cast a strange glow over the whole valley, glistening off the crystals of methane snow that swirled and pelted the monstrous obsidian pyramid. It stood a mile high, still dwarfed by the mountains around it. It was a strange cold place where even air had turned into ice, and where frequent rains of volcanic ash and stones were constant reminders that life outside of this pyramid was impossible.
Inside the pyramid on the great dais in the center, Lord Serpent sat comfortably on Seth's throne and puffed away on his hookah as he stared at large crystal floating in front of him. The vision was frozen, only the great glass crater visible. The place where the Lord of Shadows and the Night had perished would be forever frozen in this crystal until the magic slowly faded away. Then would come the darkness and the cold and he would be forever frozen in this place.
Lord Serpent silently cursed Seth for granting him immortality and then having the nerve to die on him. The bastard had left, leaving him with no chance of ever getting off this ball of ice. What a miserable way to spend eternity. Sometimes life really sucked.


-30-
///

Thank you for reading my novel. I hope you enjoyed the time you spent with my story. If you liked this book you can always visit me on Facebook and let me know.

Thanks

Gerry Markee

About the Author

Gerry is a happily retired young lad who has been writing for a long time. I have had a long working life that got in the way of writing, but that is life. Life is good, with a beautiful and tolerant wife and teacher Anne, a talented poet daughter Shanna and two very talkative and loving felines Max and Borys.  Working as a Security and First Aid Trainer in Toronto, Canada, he has also been involved in Health and Safety as a Union Officer and organizer. Alas, those days are done at last.   
A special thanks to Eric, John, Ken and Jacques for being them, 


