Początek formularza
VALERIE: VAMPIRE QUEEN VOL. I

FB: facebook.com/ myunfinishedstories
Email: jessievaletta@gmail.com

www.unfinished-stories.com

All rights reserved
Copyright by Jessie Valetta 2015

ISBN: 978-83-941669-5-3

Dear Reader!
You hold in your hand the world's first interactive story in which YOU can shape the course of the action. After reading a piece of text you can decide what will happen to the characters, (go to chapter number of your choice), choose what they should do, and what to give up. Are their fate turn out happily? It's up to you!
Let's look at a young, attractive vampire named Valerie. We finding her in a predicament...

1. It was not a good time for smiling and pretending that things are completely different than you think. I look straight into the black hole of the revolver barrel, wondering if Sergey really is going to shoot me, or just having a good time savoring my fear.
I'm standing in front of him, focused, ready to jump, clutching inlaid medallion. Tastefully decorated room looks like a tornado went wildly through it: overturned furniture, broken curtains, smashed drawers strewn over expensive Persian carpet. In the room’s corner, by the window, stands open safe. Well, I had a little look...
– My beautiful Valerie – I never liked the low, hoarse Sergey’s voice, but now, as he held me at gunpoint, it sounds very hatefully. – Does everyone really need to know what happened here? Why you forcing me again to follow you and summon to order? I know that the family sent you for the artifact. I admit with respect that you was able to outwit of embassy protection, bypass security, avoid all the traps and safely open the safe. Give it to me immediately and I promise I will forget about all this mess and no one knows nothing about.
Sergey holds out his hand and looks at me expectantly...

I want to talk with Sergey and convince him to change his mind / 2
I choose to fight / 3
I want to get away as soon as possible / 4

2. I think it would be best if I try to lull his vigilance and just get along. Sergey never was too smart, even for a vampire of Low Clan, and this situation, where – although keeping me at gunpoint – he revels in his advantage, it gives me a chance for a favorable turn of events...
– Sergey, honey – sweet voice purring around his ear, while I am gently stroking my neck. Leaving hand accidentally breaks strap of my lacy bra, which snaps loudly, releasing a large, shapely boob. Sergey swallows, squinting at my tit, but I am merciless.
– I'm sure we can get what we want, right here and now, then each of us will leave the room happy.
I smile at him flirtatiously and lasciviously lick my lips.
– Stay where you are, bitch, and don’t move! – Sergey hisses and looks again on my tits. Looks like I am slowly taking control over the situation...

I am still tempting Sergey / 5
I will use his temporary distraction and attack! / 3

3. I look him straight in the eyes, recalling on the face twist of rage and disappointment, and I am going to give him the artifact. He have grabbed it already, when a sudden flick of the wrist hurls it with a vengeance. Heavy medallion hits Sergey’s hand, sending the gun in the corner of the room, just among furniture scattered in disarray. The vampire staggers surprised, but when I move on him, he suddenly throws himself on the ground and... hits my leg! Quite surprised, I am just hardly sitting down on the floor. Sergey leaps and pounds me in the face with his fist. Cheek tugging in terrible pain, and this bastard smiles at me, glancing significantly his gloves – now I see that they are covered with a thin layer of silver! I am slowly getting up on my feet, trying to assess the situation. Unfortunately, it’s not good –Sergey lost his gun, but his powerful blow, supported by the destructive power of silver, temporarily exhausted me from the force...

I choose to fight on / 6
I want to get out of here! / 4

4. It's time to leave this unfriendly place, however party is still going on in the embassy. Sergey blocks the doors to the corridor, and behind them I hear the distant sound of conversation and women’s laugh. Apparently nobody paid attention to our little conversation.
At this case I have only one solution...
I turn on my heel, with corner of eye seeing amazement on face of the enemy, then, accelerating on the space of a few feet, jumping straight into the window and falling in a cascade of crystal shards on the lawn in front of landscaped grounds. I am landing softly on the grass and then moves to run, ignoring the cries of guards and occasional shots. Without delay I’m leaping through decorative fence surrounding the embassy grounds and disappears in the night, holding in hand the precious medallion. Despite some difficulties my mission can be considered a success!

Next / 7

5. – Oh, Serge, let's leave this… – I’m whispering seductively, diminutive his name in French manner. I walk over to him and gently sets aside his gun. He stares into my eyes, that change color from dark green, through emerald, to the old gold. This is insidious trick, but most men, but also a vampire, cannot resist it. I walk up to him one step closer and kiss him gently, making sure to not to bite his tongue or lips. What passes in a playful love with a mortal, for the vampire is a clear act of aggression and attack. His lips are dry and tasteless, but maybe he have other advantages?
– I know that you always wanted me, and now is your chance to meet you dreams... – I put my hand on his crotch, giving him to understand that I'm ready for something more. Sergey looks at me silently, without any word and gesture revealing his feelings. I do not know whether it makes sense to continue this theater of lust, or is just better to attack him right now, a little relaxed and without a gun pointing of my head...

Let's move deeper into lust... / 8
I will use this distraction and go to attack! / 9

6. My dress is apparently destroyed, makeup does not exist, and designer heels from Louboutin are broken – I suspect that no one would recognize in me this chic girl with impeccable manners, that an hour ago entertained ambassador’s guests with fables about a rich tycoon’s daughter on vacation, recited in perfect French.
I am hardly standing up on my feet and trying to attack Sergey, attacking him with some surprising, in my opinion, kicks. Vampire just avoids my blows with a mocking laugh, without even trying to make single counterattack. Apparently he’s playing with me in the cat and mouse game, waiting for occasion to make the final, fatal blow...

I want to get out of here! / 4

7. As I’ve escaped out of the embassy, I am unhurriedly going to the Nest. The last thing I want is to interest the police, of which, considering my lamentable appearance, is not difficult, really. I stumble and limp, but the encounter with Sergey gave me a bit of the pain and exhaustion. I try to avoid bright places, darting from shadow to shadow, but in the end I reach place where I have come to light – parking in front of a supermarket on the ground floor of a stately building. Fortunately, there is already late in the evening, the last customers quickly going with their carts to cars. I am trying to smooth the dress, but fortunately no one pays attention to me. At the best they take me just for a street hooker. The entrance to the Nest is located on the rear of the building, behind the store, on the principle that things are darkest under the lantern... I could go to the Nest straight by the market, risking the attention of late customers, or can go to it around the whole building, where can meet security guards...

I'm going to Nest by market / 10
I walk around the building / 11

8. Sergey reciprocate smile.
– Okay, so you will get what you deserve – whispers in my ear. He leans back slightly and then strikes forehead right in my jaw! Quite surprised, I am just hardly sitting down on the floor. Sergey leaps and pounds me in the face with his fist. Cheek tugging in terrible pain, and this bastard smiles at me, glancing significantly his gloves – now I see that they are covered with a thin layer of silver! I am slowly getting up on my feet, trying to assess the situation. Unfortunately, it is not good – Sergey lost his gun, but his powerful blow, supported by the destructive power of silver, temporarily exhausted me from the force...


I choose to fight on / 6
I want to get out of here! / 4

9. Without warning I am strongly grasping his crotch. Surprised Sergey hisses in pain, writhing in half, but I do not waste my time and hitting his face with my knee. Besotted vampire sank to his knees, I grab him by the hair and hit from knee again. Sergey falls hard on the back, marking the floor with his blood... I have a few minutes before he regenerates and fully return to power, but it's good enough for me. I haven’t any reason to stay in the embassy much longer, but leaving it in the normal way is not possible – it will be difficult to explain to ambassador guets from my broken lips, bloodied dresses and broken heels... I turn on my heel and then, accelerating on the space of a few feet, jumping straight into the window and falling in a cascade of crystal shards on the lawn in front of landscaped grounds. I am landing softly on the grass and then moves to run, ignoring the cries of guards and occasional shots. Without delay I’m leaping through decorative fence surrounding the embassy grounds and disappears in the night, holding in hand the precious medallion. Despite some difficulties my mission can be considered a success!

Next / 7

10. I am smoothing the dress, but it helps a little – still look like a streetwalker, which broke off from the crazy party. I take a grip and go ahead, into the light before store. Fortunately it’s almost empty. I walk briskly through the main corridor, heading for the back door. I ignore puzzled glances – just want to quietly and quickly go to the exit. I am almost at the end, when young man in a guard uniform suddenly goes on my way.
– Hey, lady, please stop! – shouts to me, removing the holster teaser.

I obey his order / 12
Ignore bodyguard and going to the exit / 13

11. I'm going out of the parking lot and go around the building. There is the darkness behind, but this isn’t problem for me. I follow a well-known path itself, hearing from distance a hushed conversation of the bodyguards. They are too lazy to leave their warm canteen in the back, so they escape with their lives – I can disable them easily, but then our Nest would be jeopardized, and we must avoid that at all costs. This is the only hideout that our family has at this time in London, so his loss is not an option. I am passing silently guard’s canteen and go down to the boiler room at the end of the building – there is a hidden passage to the Nest.

Next / 14

12. I stay obediently, looking expectantly at slowly approaching bodyguard. The boy is cautious, but not uptight – a good sign. It is true that the teaser does not knock me to the ground, but the terrified guard can cause confusion and shout for backup – this is the last thing which I want.
– Do you need help? – he asks me, stopping three meters in front of me. The left hand holds a teaser, while right leans on the walkie-talkie attached to his hip. His finger wanders around the transmission button... He is standing a little too far away to reach him in sudden, unexpected attack.

I pretend to be victim of robbery / 15
I am going to attack bodyguard / 16

13. I am avoiding startled guard and going towards the exit, noticing the boundless astonishment on his face. At last he shakes off his surprise, as I am just near the exit.
– Stop! – he screams hysterically, aiming me with a teaser.

I’m staying / 17
I'm trying to get away / 18
I am going to attack bodyguard / 16

14. One of the entrances to the Nest is located in the boiler room. Ordinary mortals do not have a clue and even do not realize that there is any hidden passage to other rooms. In the corner, behind a pile of garbage and broken furniture, lies an entrance to air duct. It is too small for a man, but a bat can manage to pass... I am taking the clothes off and hiding them behind junk, and then starting Conversion.

Next / 19

15. – Oh, please help me! – I am taking the most pained and terrified face on which I am capable, then limping a few steps toward bodyguard. He is still almost a kid, his face twists in a grimace of terror and almost panic! For a moment he do not know what to do, but finally he grabs the cafeteria chair and helps me to sit on it.
– Please wait, I just call the police and ambulance – says nervously. Oh no, it can’t happen; last thing which I want here is a police!
– Please do not, I beg you! – I am grasping his sleeve, making a frightened face. – My parents cannot know about anything! I had... I had a hassle with my boyfriend, you know. Just let me a rest her for a moment, and then I'll go. Please…
I am pulling out my legs, then I crossing them. They are tanned, long and pretty as hell, and men just goes crazy at the sight of them! Fortunately my gun works this time again. Determination of bodyguard shrinks in just few moments. He is trying to look on me with a stern face, but his eyes every now and then slides down on my thighs... and on mystery which is hidden between them. I'm not hiding it in any special way, knowing that every second works on my side. I get up slowly and casually lean on his shoulder. Men smell my perfume, the heat of desire fills his head with racing of lustful thoughts, and I know that he is mine!
– Marco, my dear, please escort me just a few steps, then I can handle myself – I whisper in his ear, my hot breath blows his neck. Bodyguard jumps like a scalded, it looks as if he wants to throw me on the floor and rape roughly, regardless of the place and circumstances. For a moment I'm afraid I overheated him, but fortunately he goes back to self-control.
– Well – whispers hoarsely. – I will help you, but want... I want...
I smile at him indulgently, licking shapely lips.
– Under what circumstances, honey? Just say what you want!
Bodyguard is silent for a moment, as if weighing something in itself, and finally says: 
– I release you if we go out on a date! Damn, I do not believe I said that but... Yes, I want to!

I promise him a date / 20
I refuse / 21

16. – Please help me! – I groan hoarsely, taking a step toward him. 
– Stop! – he screams in panic and pulls the trigger of guard teaser. Electrodes dig into my body, I feel a strong electric shock, but nothing else happens. Electric charge, which can overthrow on the floor even bully just tickles me uncomfortable – it's hard to struck nerves that are dead for so long... In one move I am cutting off the cables connecting the electrodes and taking the weapon from the hand of a frightened men. The poor man looks at me in fear, probably never seen anyone reacting in this way on shot from the teaser. I grab him by the neck and lift up at the height of my knees. I could bite the fingers and crush his neck like a soft clay, or simply knock him out and leave the store undetected. Or maybe I can take with me this... meal? Slowly I'm getting hungry and craving for fresh blood...

I decide to kill the bodyguard / 22
Let’s stun him / 22
I'm taking it with me / 23

17. I stay obediently.
– Oh, please help me! – I am taking the most pained and terrified face on which I am capable, then limping a few steps toward bodyguard. He is still almost a kid, his face twists in a grimace of terror and almost panic! For a moment he do not know what to do, but finally he grabs the cafeteria chair and helps me to sit on it.
– Please wait, I just call the police and ambulance – says nervously. Oh no, it can’t happen; last thing which I want here is a police!
– Please do not, I beg you! – I am grasping his sleeve, making a frightened face. – My parents cannot know about anything! I had... I had a hassle with my boyfriend, you know. Just let me a rest her for a moment, and then I'll go. Please…
I am pulling out my legs, then I crossing them. They are tanned, long and pretty as hell, and men just goes crazy at the sight of them! Fortunately my gun works this time again. Determination of bodyguard shrinks in just few moments. He is trying to look on me with a stern face, but his eyes every now and then slides down on my thighs... and on mystery which is hidden between them. I'm not hiding it in any special way, knowing that every second works on my side. I get up slowly and casually lean on his shoulder. Men smell my perfume, the heat of desire fills his head with racing of lustful thoughts, and I know that he is mine!
– Marco, my dear, please escort me just a few steps, then I can handle myself – I whisper in his ear, my hot breath blows his neck. Bodyguard jumps like a scalded, it looks as if he wants to throw me on the floor and rape roughly, regardless of the place and circumstances. For a moment I'm afraid I overheated him, but fortunately he goes back to self-control.
– Well – whispers hoarsely. – I will help you, but want... I want...
I smile at him indulgently, licking shapely lips.
– Under what circumstances, honey? Just say what you want!
Bodyguard is silent for a moment, as if weighing something in itself, and finally says: 
– I release you if we go out on a date! Damn, I do not believe I said that but... Yes, I want to!

I promise him a date / 20
I refuse / 21

18. I smile slightly, keeping an eye on him, and then go back a few steps. His eyes narrow for a split second before deciding on a shot. I just waited for it... and dodging as soon he pulls finger on the teaser’s trigger. Electrodes, scattering lightning sparks, pass me slightly and, useless, falls on the ground. I am going and run up the wall, running over the enlightened shopping sites. Security guard stares at me in dull surprise, but after a few meters I am already on the floor. Passing quietly automatic door I am going outside. I'm sure that bodyguard did not raise any alarm, because what he can say? That he tried to stop the girl in the bloody dress, which fled him running through the walls? And it somehow strangely composed that vampires are not recordable in TTV cameras...
I rapidly departing out of the light and runs around the building, under cover of darkness easily finding the boiler room. That is a descent into the Nest.

Next / 14

19. I know what awaits me, but I'm ready for it, saying the right transformation words. I do not feel cold or fear. Pain occurs after a while, at first barely perceptible, somewhere on the border of the mind, but is growing by the moment! I feel like my body shrinks, my legs and arms are shorter and shorter, in exchange of membranous wings. The pain increases to white, struggling flash, after which I almost lose consciousness. When I regain my senses, the world looks completely different... Colors faded, but everywhere I hear strange noises and my senses extend into a system of corridors. I see their every section, every curve and throat, up to the entrance of the Nest. Spread wings up – it's time to fly!

Next / 25

20. – Of course, baby... You're a handsome guy and I am deeply impresses – I murmur into his ear, casting a flirty look. It seems that this guy infatuated in me just in a few minutes – good for that! I patiently waiting for him to put out all the lights and close the main entrance to the store, and then take him by the arm and let him escort me to the nearest lighted intersection.
– Certainly you do not want me took you to the home? – he asks with hope sounding in the voice.
– I really do not have to, I am tired. Sorry. But I'll call you tomorrow and we meet at afternoon, it may be in your house. – I answer. – And don’t worry about me, will take a cab.
I direct our steps in the direction of taxi rank and get on to the first cab in a row. Phew, I need to get rid of this intruder as soon as possible! When I open the window, bodyguard pushes in my hand a little scrap with his phone number, and even tries to kiss me on the cheek.
– Will you call tomorrow? – he asks with uncertain voice. He knows very well that chicks like me do fucks with such butterfingers like he is, but this poor guy desperately tries to believe that this time he drawn the winning ticket. I send him a kiss, but my eyes are empty and cold. I conceal them under smeared make-up to not show my contempt... Taxi moves, but as soon as the guy disappears around a corner, I throw out by the window a roll with his phone number and asking taxi driver to stop. He looks at me with contempt and hate, but I have his opinion deep in my pretty ass. I pay for the course, and then discretely move back to the store. Fortunately it’s now closed, and the night security guard sitting in his canteen, watching TV or just drinking next glass. No problem then, I manage to get to the boiler room in the basement of the building, where there is a hidden passage to the Nest.

Next / 14

21. – Whoa, I am not sure that this is a best idea – I say carefully. – I have a boyfriend and if he even think about such possibility... Do you understand what he may do? First of all, for you. And then for me...
But bodyguard does not seem to be too scared.
– I do not care! – he says. – You sleep with me or...
He puts his hand on the walkie-talkie and looks at me expectantly.

I agree to his proposal / 20
I'm trying to get away / 18
I‘m attacking bodyguard / 16

22. Hapless security guard kicks helplessly in my hard grip, trying to put out fingers tightening around his throat, but it might deal as well with the Terminator. Still holding him in strong arm I am hiding in the corner of the corridor, to avoid unwanted witnesses, although store already looks totally deserted. Well, it's time to end... I clench my hand harder, guy desperately kicking his legs in all directions, and then, suddenly, his body limps and sweaty head falls on my wrist. Bodyguard is unconscious but still alive. I can feel the blood flushing through his veins and... a dark desire grows in me... The temptation becomes stronger – the temptation to bite into his artery and draw a few sips of life-giving nectar...

I'm taking a guard from the store to feed myself in a secluded location / 23
I’m leaving the guard unconscious and going out of the store / 24
I’m killing the guard and going out of the store / 26

23. I look around furtively, but fortunately no one is nearby. I am easily accusing unconscious man on my shoulder and leaving the store. I walk along the wall of the building, choosing a path away from the cameras, then hide in a secluded corner. Is it reasonable to nourish so close to the Nest? Such carelessness may ends in revealing it hidden location for unauthorized persons. If police will discover the body, it begin to sniffing around, and then... On the other hand, hunger is becoming a poignant and with every second lust is really getting harder and harder to stop...

I leave the unconscious bodyguard / 27
I bite into the unconscious body / 28


24. Hauling this guy is probably not a good idea. Better solution is just to hide body in the dark corner of the shopping corridor, away from the cameras, and then go out to the outside. I rapidly departing out of the light and run around the building, under cover of darkness easily finding the boiler room. That is a descent into the Nest.

Next / 14

25. Fortunately, the pipe is so wide that I can freely spread my wings inside it. The feeling of being in the body of the bat always makes me shudder, but it is not anything unpleasant. Without much difficulty I am finding the way to the opposite end of the tube and enter the Nest.

Next / 29

26. I clench my hand tightly, feeling under my fingers burst of blood in the arteries, and the spine can broken with a snap like a dry twig... This is life – so fragile, fleeting, easy to lose... Legs of the bodyguard beat for a while in my chest, as he is kicking in its death throes; bloody foam from his mouth comes straight to my hand...
Moments later he is stretching rapidly in the last death-spasm, and then his body limps in a moment. I am holding in my hand a leather bag full of flesh and blood – nothing more left from this life... 
But what next?!
Best solution is just to hide body in the dark corner of the shopping corridor, away from the cameras, and then go out to the outside. I rapidly departing out of the light and run around the building, under cover of darkness easily finding the boiler room. That is a descent into the Nest.

Next / 14

27. Hunger is really scary... I am about to face his neck, breathing in the scent of delight young, sweaty skin. No, no, no! I can’t just beat myself in such way, because I loose self-control in just a moment and... I am driving away dangerous thoughts, and then getting up quickly and pulling away into the darkness, to not leave any chance to change my mind. Under cover of darkness I am easily finding the boiler room. That is a descent into the Nest.

Next / 14

28. I take a deep breath and sinking fangs into his neck. The world spins under my eyelids, and when I take the first, greedy sip, I am almost going to loose consciousness... The pleasure is enormous, and his blood so sweet, so fresh – the true essence of life...

Next / 30

29. I had to sit upside down on a specially prepared rod, and then re-start Conversion. The pain is not as sharp as at the first time and I almost stopping myself from vomits, just on the floor below me.
After a moment, I am standing up on my feet and reaching behind me to the spare clothes locker. Around there is a lot of traffic – undressed vampires are preparing for Converion to fly away from the Nest and walk over the night streets of London. Others, like me, are coming back. Some bleeds heavily, but it is difficult to find out whether it is their own blood, or traces of the recent, extremely abundant feast. Along the walls of Platform appears extensive room ventilation pipe vents – the second end of each of them leads to different buildings across London, so vampires can easily penetrate to all parts of the city. They were established just only to cover feeds almost in the entire city, but also to investigated some more dangerous districts. These unfriendly places usually were aggressively penetrated by the Guardians, hostile clans, werewolves or Others, so Family established a kind of communication routes, available only after Conversion, and heavily armed in traps, which are deadly for non-vampires.

Next / 31

30. I see a flash in the corner of my eye. I lift my head, feeling the drops of bloods which flows down my neck, just onto heavily soiled dress. In the parking lot I see police car, not far from me. For a moment the sheaf of it lights illuminates me, along with the body of dead bodyguard. Did they spotted me?! Damn, yes!!! In the mouth I feel sweet and metallic taste his blood... There is still far away to satisfy my hunger, but the lights of the police car approaching quickly!

I quench my hunger, ignoring approaching police car / 32
I'm taking the body and I trying to get out to a safer place / 33
I’m leaving the body and escaping / 34

Początek formularza
31. I am leaving Platform, where next dozens of vampires are preparing for the journey into London. Some set off in groups or pairs, but most do it alone. Many of them are agents of the Family, performing more or less important, but always dangerous tasks. They can rely on capture the cash, necessary to pay the Servants – ordinary mortals which provides some services to the Nest – or gathering important information, or, at last, removing off the dangers which facing the Nest from the hands and claws of various clans and the hostile factions. Tabloids will report tomorrow morning about the anonymous victims of cutlery grudges, headless bodies found in the channels of the West End and several fatal car accidents...
I slowly wander through spacious auditorium, responding to greetings of friends and trying not to pay attention to the ceilings, on the Suspended. Tied upside down from the Platform’s ceiling, they howl, curse and cry, suffering a real Hunger, without a drop of life blood – for days, months or years, depending on the significance of the transgression committed against the Family. A punishment for them, but also a warning to us…
I am going further, and passing the Gallery of the Damned – here, in wall cavities, are walled up some of the biggest offenders. In stone walls protrude only their faces, black from the dirt, which covered them by indefinite period of time. Most had closed eyes, and look like crusted masks with accretion of pain and suffering. Although their names and crimes were forgotten from endless eons, they were sentenced be stuck here forever, in remembrance of their foul deeds and as a warning to the whole Family. And to prevent to contaminate rest of the Family with sins of the Damned, their mouths were poured with liquid gold. They are just stuck in their eternal prison, helplessly watching the common life ongoing around them, suffering untold anguish Famine and mental pain. They could not move, talk, drink blood, or even shorten their life by suicide – could only exists in the world of suffering, remembering guilt forgotten by others a long ago…
I passed the last Damned already, when he suddenly opened his eyes and... winked at me! When he realized that I look at him, he repeated the gesture, looking at me significantly; he want me to lure closer for sure. I hesitated – contacts with the Damned were strictly forbidden and could bring me nothing but trouble...

I walk over to the Damned / 35
I'm going away, not paying attention to him / 36

32. I'm going back to the interrupted meal, not paying attention to the patrol car. Clinging to the artery, slurping warm blood... My prey’s heart beats less and less, blood circulates in veins slower and slower... Taste becomes deeper, I need to...
Sound of reloaded shotgun breaks me out of the trance. I think I should pay attention to this?
– Hey you! – I hear the bass voice. In the light of car headlights I see a policeman aiming at me with a shotgun. A few steps away stands second one, holding another big gun. – Move up and turn slowly in my direction!

I obey policeman’s order / 37
I pretend fainting / 38
I don’t do anything / 39

33. I am lifting up the bodyguard’s body, placing it on my shoulder and in one leap I am hiding behind the building. A moment later the lights of police car sweeps my previous hideout. If they saw me, it would be a real problem! The price I could pay for a moment of pleasure is far too high... It's time to abandon the corpse and safely return to the Nest.

I hide the body in a nearby manhole / 40
I'm looking for a better place to hide body / 41

34. Is it really a good idea? If the police find dead – what is certain – it will begin searching the area and may find the Nest! And then the Family will punish me horribly, condemning to join the Damned – vampires alive but bricked up in the walls, suffering of a mad, never satisfied Hunger...

I'm taking the body and try to get out to a safer place / 33
I leave the body, I need to get out of here as soon as possible!!! / 42

35. I am carefully walking up closer, looking around for any spectators. Fortunately, no one watching me, all are chasing their own affairs, so I have the opportunity to discretely meet one of the Damned! It's a hell of a dangerous game, but maybe it’s worth the risk? On the other hand, if someone caught me at the contact with him, it's a matter of short time when I join Suspenders under the Platform’s ceiling...

I walk closer to the Damned/ 43
I am going out / 36

36. I think it was not a good idea. I am turning on hell and going on my way. But what if someone saw me with the Damned?! Punishment is rough: several days of painful suspending over the Platform’s ceiling, with real Hunger biting my stomach. And all that can happen on my own request – just pure nightmare!
I walk down the narrow corridor, at the end of which two Guardians are standing in front of the door to the Meridian Hall. And that's where I'm going to go...

Next / 44

37. I am slowly getting up on my feet, and turning to the policeman.
– What the fuck... – I hear his astonished gasp, but I shouldn’t be surprised by this. Even the worst slut looks probably better than I at the moment – with blood streaming down my face, madly sparkling eyes and big wild fangs, reaching far beyond the lower lip. I smile at him evilly and I assume my hands behind head.
– Okay, come here to me, I have something to tell you on the ear... – says the policeman. At least it sounds strange, but... maybe I will have chance to take so unexpected opportunity?

I walk over and I'm trying to make a surprise attack against policeman / 45
I walk as directed and not trying anything stupid / 46

38. I turn slowly, smoothly, gently... and I fall on the bloodied body of a guard, pretending sudden fainting. I hear a heavy sigh and then steps, when policeman approaching to me. Without any fuss he just… kicks me straight in the face!

I am attacking the bastard! / 47
Still I go to pretend unconscious / 48

39. In the glare of headlights I see a police officer silhouette. He walks up to me in slow pace, convinced about his domination , and unexpectedly pounding me in the face with the rifle butt!

Next / 49

40. I am lifting the corpse up on the shoulder and, bent slightly, run along the fence to the nearest storm drain. Without much trouble I am fetching the cover and throwing guard’s body inside. It will take some time before anyone finds him here, and in the meantime Washers will deal with the problem. Washers are vampires who takes away bodies abandoned after a meal eaten too close to the Nests. Removing them in an efficient and discreet way guarantee the safety of the Nests and a lack of prying eyes and ears in the vicinity. Making sure that no one is observing me I follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.

Next / 14

41. I throw the corpse on the shoulder and, bent to half, I run along the fence, looking for chance how to remove it for good. My attention is attracted by van truck standing at the back of the building. Crate in the back is open, in the middle of it someone placed pile of empty bags. I choose the biggest of them, and then getting the body inside, tie the bag and hide it under other junk. When the police find him it will be far away... I am ensuring that no one observes me, and then follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.

Next / 14

42. I am jumping away from the corpse, and then, curled up, running along the fence, away from this place. Behind me I hear the clatter of a police siren – apparently they have found the body! What to do?! Besides all, this was not a wise idea to leave that damn body! I can try to get into the Nest, or to run away on my own. With the first solution I am exposing whole Family to possible danger, and with second I am convicting myself on living alone, without any help from my comrades and friends...

I'm going back to the Nest / 50
I'm leaving the Nest and Family for good/ 51

43. The Damned looks at me intently, and when he is already sure that I paid attention to him, he begins to blinks rapidly. After a while he stops and looks at me. Seeing a surprise on my face he winces his nose in disgust, and blinks again. The characters are repeated in a logical sequence. It looks like a... code? Or maybe alphabet... Yeah, it's... Morse’s alphabet! The Damned is trying to tell me something in this way, only available to him – but what??

I'm trying to read the signs given by the Damned / 52
I'm leaving / 53

44. The corridor leads directly to the heavy double doors. A few steps in front of them stands quiet, well-built man in a long leather coat and heavy military boots. His ginger, neatly trimmed beard and bright, wavy hair betray Nordic origin. Some say that Yossa received Gift of Truelife directly from Rollo Lothbrok, the famous Viking explorer and the first vampire-founder of the Family.
Above his head girl dressed in white costume sits on the ceiling, looking at me with hatred. Her long hair falls on the head of a man standing just beneath her, creating something like his haircut. This couple looks really grotesque, but I am not in mood to laugh when looking in his eyes, cold as Norwegian sky. 
He is watching on me without any visible emotion, tracking every move, but a girl is more impatient.
– What are you doing here, bitch?! – If the voice could kill, I would fall dead on the floor. – Still not enough for you after the last time? I understand that you came for more? Do not worry, you'll get what you want!
She moves in my direction, running across the ceiling. Her completely red eyes burns with hatred, making contrast with the immaculate white dress. It's really interesting effect, maybe I need to consider change of my tailor? 
– Stop – says man. Says quietly, almost in a whisper, but his voice is so thick with commanding power... Girl stops immediately, suddenly loses her balance and just falls on the floor of the corridor, right under my feet.

I am attacking a girl/ 54
I am just going straight to Yossa / 55
I am waiting / 56

45. I am not granting him with time to think, just going to shorten the distance and simple punching policeman in throat, wanting to disable him as soon as possible. His body falls on the ground, and now I am ready to deal with second cop. Unfortunately, this seemingly simple plan does not works to the end – after my attack policeman easily performs fast dodge, and then pounds with shotgun butt in my face! World explodes in paroxysm of pain...

Next / 57

46. ​​A police officer leaves the gun and smiles to himself, and then looks pointedly at his partner, who still aims to me.
– You see, Zaks? I’ve talked exactly about that kind of garbage! They are able only to make chaos! Will spread client’s guts throughout the area, and then YOU need to clean whole mess! Which is already? The sixth this week?
Angry policeman gasping for a moment, showing long, yellow fangs, but at last he calms down enough to be able to pull out a notebook from his pocket.
– Name, clan, Nest? – he asks in official tone. I breathe with a sigh of relief – it's better I’ve expected! They are Washers – vampires involved in the removal of traces of reckless feasts, that can attract unwanted attention to the Nests.
– Valerie, clan DeChamps, Nest Meridian – I answer reflexively.
– Aaaah, that is local! Well, get out of here, we'll do the rest. But remember, honey, you owe us a favor. – Cop smiling lasciviously. – I hope you know what I mean. Meet us here tomorrow at the same time , as we pick your... gratitude. If not, this report – shakes notebook significantly – will hit where it should be today, and you bear the consequences. I hope that you know what...
I know: it’s about the week of suspending beneath Platform’s ceiling or meals from the Dead Blood; I do not know which of these tortures is worse... I am smiling sadly (both of them looks equally unappetizing, and, in addition, they are old – Gift of Truelife cannot be granted in such late age!), then nod my head and leaving into darkness. I am ensuring that no one observes me and then I follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.

Next / 14

47. I am slowly raising on feet, remnants of broken fangs munching in my mouth. Pain decreases with every moment, but rage is growing! With the Power together... Oh yes, I love this feeling, almost erotic pleasure, when fills me strength so great that I am able to lift cars, jump over buildings and... give a lesson to brutal policeman! I look at him, lifting the upper lip and revealing broken teeth, which will start to grow again in a moment – I allow him to see, because this is last sight of his life! In meanwhile the cop takes a similar approach, and... As soon as I see... He have... fangs! So it is... vampire like me! I feel like all the energy flows from me. Now I realize that might be the consequences of my recklessness.
– You prepared a true messy shit... sister! Now we have to clean it up – grumbles already relaxed vampire-policeman, seeing me conceded. They are Washers – vampires involved in the removal of traces of reckless feasts, that can attract unwanted attention to the Nests.
– Well, get out of here, we'll do the rest. But remember, honey, you owe us a favor. – Cop smiling lasciviously. – I hope you know what I mean. Meet us here tomorrow at the same time , as we pick your... gratitude. If not, this report – shakes notebook significantly – will hit where it should be today, and you bear the consequences. I hope that you know what...
I know: it’s about the week of suspending beneath Platform’s ceiling or meals from the Dead Blood; I do not know which of these tortures is worse... I am smiling sadly (both of them looks equally unappetizing, and, in addition, they are old – Gift of Truelife cannot be granted in such late age!), then nod my head and leaving into darkness. I am ensuring that no one observes me, and then I follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.
Next/14

48 – Do you want another kick, or you will get up? – policeman is really angry. He perfectly knows that I am not unconscious. I wave hand in conciliatory gesture and I am slowly raising on feet, remnants of broken fangs munching in my mouth. Pain decreases with every moment, but rage is growing! With the Power together... Oh yes, I love this feeling, almost erotic pleasure, when fills me strength so great, that I am able to lift cars, jump over buildings and... give a lesson to brutal policeman! I look at him, lifting the upper lip and revealing broken teeth, which will start to grow again in a moment – I allow him to see, because this is last sight of his life! In meanwhile the cop takes a similar approach, and... As soon as I see... He have... fangs! So it is... vampire like me! I feel like all the energy flows from me. Now I realize that might be the consequences of my recklessness.
– You prepared a true messy shit... sister! Now we have to clean it up – grumbles already relaxed vampire-policeman, seeing me conceded. They are Washers – vampires involved in the removal of traces of reckless feasts, that can attract unwanted attention to the Nests.
– Well, get out of here, we'll do the rest. But remember, honey, you owe us a favor. – Cop smiling lasciviously. – I hope you know what I mean. Meet us here tomorrow at the same time , as we pick your... gratitude. If not, this report – shakes notebook significantly – will hit where it should be today, and you bear the consequences. I hope that you know what...
I know: it’s about the week of suspending beneath Platform’s ceiling or meals from the Dead Blood; I do not know which of these tortures is worse... I am smiling sadly (both of them looks equally unappetizing, and, in addition, they are old – Gift of Truelife cannot be granted in such late age!), then nod my head and leaving into darkness. I am ensuring that no one observes me, and then I follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.
Next/14

49. The unexpected blow surprises me at all. I have even no chance to react, not saying about defend! I fall to the ground, lying for a long time, completely stunned. After a minute or so I am slowly raising on feet, remnants of broken fangs munching in my mouth. Pain decreases with every moment, but rage is growing! With the Power together... Oh yes, I love this feeling, almost erotic pleasure, when fills me strength so great, that I am able to lift cars, jump over buildings and... give a lesson to brutal policeman! I look at him, lifting the upper lip and revealing broken teeth, which will start to grow again in a moment – I allow him to see, because this is last sight of his life! In meanwhile the cop takes a similar approach, and... As soon as I see... He have... fangs! So it is... vampire like me! I feel like all the energy flows from me. Now I realize that might be the consequences of my recklessness.
– You prepared a true messy shit... sister! Now we have to clean it up – grumbles already relaxed vampire-policeman, seeing me conceded. They are Washers – vampires involved in the removal of traces of reckless feasts, that can attract unwanted attention to the Nests.
– Well, get out of here, we'll do the rest. But remember, honey, you owe us a favor. – Cop smiling lasciviously. – I hope you know what I mean. Meet us here tomorrow at the same time , as we pick your... gratitude. If not, this report – shakes notebook significantly – will hit where it should be today, and you bear the consequences. I hope that you know what...
I know: it’s about the week of suspending beneath Platform’s ceiling or meals from the Dead Blood; I do not know which of these tortures is worse... I am smiling sadly (both of them looks equally unappetizing, and, in addition, they are old – Gift of Truelife cannot be granted in such late age!), then nod my head and leaving into darkness. I am ensuring that no one observes me, and then I follow a circuitous route to the boiler room at the back of the building. Here is the entrance to the Nest.
Next/14

50. One of the entrances to the Nest is located in the boiler room. Ordinary mortals do not have a clue and even do not realize it is there any hidden passage to other spaces. In the corner of the room, behind a pile of garbage and broken furniture, lays an entrance to air duct. It’s too small for a man, but a bat can manage to squeeze... I am taking my clothes off and hiding them beneath junk, then starting Conversion. I know what awaits me, but I'm ready for it, saying the right transformation words. I do not feel cold or fear. Pain occurs after a while, at first barely perceptible, somewhere on the border of the mind, but is growing by the moment! I feel like my body shrinks, my legs and arms are shorter and shorter, in exchange of membranous wings. The pain increases to white, struggling flash, after which I almost lose consciousness. When I regain my senses, the world looks completely different... Colors faded, but everywhere I hear strange noises and my senses extend into a system of corridors. I see them every section, every curve and throat, up to the entrance of the Nest. Spread wings up – it's time to fly!
Fortunately, the pipe is so broad that it can fly inside without any problems. The feeling of being in the body of the bat always makes me shudder, but it is not anything unpleasant. But when my fly comes to the end, I am facing nasty surprise – the entrance of the Nest is locked with heavy, iron lid. Did the news about my fault have already reached here and Family took necessary precautions? If so, then I have to go back and find shelter until the things calm down. If Family already knows about my last action, I will not avoid punishment for sure. The Nest is guarded by observers, who probably noticed suspicious police activity and warned Family, which ordered to close all the entrances. Well, I can have a claim only to myself! Or maybe it was only a momentary lock, from a completely different reason, and I can just wait patiently for opening entrance to the Nest?

Waiting for the entrance opening / 57
I turn back and going to find another hiding / 58

51. I’ve exposed the Family to danger, and this is reason for my leave. Time to begin new life outside the Nest. For decades it was my house, the first and only after the Transformation. I leave friends, brothers and sisters, all the past and all which I was. Life of lonely vampire is not easy, but possible – but will I find happiness in it? I am on point of no return. I’ve unleashed my weakness for one moment, and temptation irreversibly changed my fate. If only I could turn time back... but I can’t! Let’s go into the city, night awaits me…

I want to start again / 1

52. I am focusing on his eyes, and after a while I manage to catch the rhythm of the information.... “A-K-W-I-T-H-K-A-Y-L-E-T-S-B-E-G-I-N-S-P-E-A-K-W-I-T-H-K-A-Y-L-E-T... The Damned is still blinking at the same pace, trying to pass one sentence: "Speak with Kay, let's begin." Hmm, what dealings this creature could have with Kay, one of the most powerful vampires of the Family… and my Brother of Blood? It smells like illegal conspiracy... If I’ll involve myself in this story, I can pay high for that. On the other hand, if I tell this story to Kay, I’ll do him a favor and perhaps will gain a major ally... I am nodding slightly, giving the Damned a sign that I’ve understood his message, and then going away, making sure that no one watching me. I need to find a way to talk to Kay discreetly, however during the meeting of the Inner Family it will not be a piece of cake...

Next / 59

53. No one could have even a slight suspicion that I am contacting with the Damned in any way or even receiving any messages from him! Hmm, but, on the other hand, If it was something really important? Maybe I should not ignore this?

I'm going to the Meridian Hall for a meeting with the Family / 44
I'm going back to the Damned / 43

54. Oh, sweet revenge! So many times I had to put up with her contemptuous gaze, when she walked at hand with Chestie on all official receptions and meetings! This bitch knew that I loved him for a long time, and she ensnared him just to gloat over my suffering! Therefore I am walking closer and with a delightful smile hitting with my knee just in her beautiful face. Dull crunch of cracking bones, blood spurting on all sides – this is the best reward for all the humiliation which I was suffered from this bitch! This is of course just a down payment, as major feud will come later... I am passing stunned vampire and going to the door, smiling to Yossa, which stands patiently and without word, just watching me impassively.

Next / 55

55. I come to the door, when a man raises his hand, with this gesture stopping me on place. In his every move I fill this deep, natural power and charisma, which cannot be resisted in any way. At first glance he is recognized as a vampire of First Blood, and when you look at his eyes, you finding in them immeasurable eons of time, a reflection of all of these places, eras and people, among whom he lived...and who died in front of him from so many reasons…
The vampire looks at me without saying a word, and we both know that he do not need to say anything – I’ll pass to the Meridian Hall only under one condition. Without any delay I am pulling medallion out of my pocket and showing it to him. A man moves his hand lightly over the medallion, hardens his face intently for a moment, then looks at me with appreciate. I'm damn proud of myself, because I know now that the first part of my test is successful, and the medallion have the Power. Vampire consists of cold kiss on my forehead and opens the double doors in front of me.
– Good luck, my child... – whispers in my ear, and when I go into the next room, quietly closing the doors behind me.
As soon as I enter, vampires gathered around long table fall silent, and then gets up. They are dressed in ceremonial costumes of the era – women's dress with a train, men in frock coats – worn only for the most important occasions. Twenty pairs of red eyes staring intently on future Queen.
On me.

Next / 60
Początek formularza
56. The man on the end of the corridor nods encouragingly at me with his hand. I hesitate for a moment, and then go on my way, skipping stunned vampire. I come to the door, when a man raises his hand, with this gesture stopping me on place. In his every move I fill this deep, natural power and charisma, which cannot be resisted in any way. At first glance he is recognized as a vampire of First Blood, and when you look at his eyes, you finding in them immeasurable eons of time, a reflection of all of these places, eras and people, among whom he lived...and who died in front of him from so many reasons…
The vampire looks at me without saying a word, and we both know that he do not need to say anything – I’ll pass to the Meridian Hall only under one condition. Without any delay I am pulling medallion out of my pocket and showing it to him. A man moves his hand lightly over the medallion, hardens his face intently for a moment, then looks at me with appreciate. I'm damn proud of myself, because I know now that the first part of my test is successful, and the medallion have the Power. Vampire consists of cold kiss on my forehead and opens the double doors in front of me.
– Good luck, my child... – whispers in my ear, and when I go into the next room, quietly closing the doors behind me.
As soon as I enter, vampires gathered around long table fall silent, and then gets up. They are dressed in ceremonial costumes of the era – women's dress with a train, men in frock coats – worn only for the most important occasions. Twenty pairs of red eyes staring intently on future Queen.
On me.


Next / 60

57. An hour passes, then another, and finally I realize that this is a punishment. I’ve exposed Family to danger, and from this reason I have to leave – access to the Nest is forever forbidden for me. I'm going back to the exit, performing Conversion, turning back into a man, then slowly wear my clothes and go outside. Time to begin new life outside the Nest. For decades it was my house, the first and only one after the Gift of Truelife ceremony. I leave friends, brothers and sisters, all the past and all which I was. Life of lonely vampire is not easy, but possible – but will I find happiness in it? I am on point of no return. I’ve unleashed my weakness for one moment, and temptation irreversibly changed my fate. If only I could turn time back... but I can’t!
Let’s go into the city, night awaits me…

I want to start again / 1


58. I'm going back to the exit, performing Conversion and turning back into a man, then slowly wear my clothes and go outside. Now I realize the reason, understand my guilt. I’ve exposed Family to danger, and entrance to the Nest is forever closed for me. For this one and all others... Time to begin new life outside. For decades it was my house, the first and only one after the Gift of Truelife ceremony. I leave friends, brothers and sisters, all the past and all which I was. Life of lonely vampire is not easy, but possible – but will I find happiness in it? I am on point of no return. I’ve unleashed my weakness for one moment, and temptation irreversibly changed my fate. If only I could turn time back... but I can’t!
 Let’s go into the city, night awaits me…

I want to start again / 1

59. The corridor leads directly to the heavy double doors. A few steps in front of them stands quiet, well-built man in a long leather coat and heavy military boots. His ginger, neatly trimmed beard and bright, wavy hair betray Nordic origin. Some say that Yossa received Gift of Truelife directly from Rollo Lothbrok, the famous Viking explorer and the first vampire-founder of the Family.
Above his head girl dressed in white costume sits on the ceiling, looking at me with hatred. Her long hair falls on the head of a man standing just beneath her, creating something like his haircut. This couple looks really grotesque, but I am not in mood to laugh when looking in his eyes, cold as Norwegian sky. 
He is watching on me without any visible emotion, tracking every move, but a girl is more impatient.
– What are you doing here, bitch?! – If the voice could kill, I would fall dead on the floor. – Still not enough for you after the last time? I understand that you came for more? Do not worry, you'll get what you want!
She moves in my direction, running across the ceiling. Her completely red eyes burns with hatred, making contrast with the immaculate white dress. It's really interesting effect, maybe I need to consider change of my tailor? 
– Stop – says man. Says quietly, almost in a whisper, but his voice is so thick with commanding power... Girl stops immediately, suddenly loses her balance and just falls on the floor of the corridor, right under my feet.



I am attacking girl / 61
I am passing girl by and going to the doors / 62

60. I come to the table, hanging medallion around my neck, and sit on the only empty chair, taking a neutral expression. At that moment, in THIS group, displaying any affections can be more than stupid, although emotions almost going to explode in my heart! With medallion stolen from embassy I went first, a preliminary test, so I am able to go to next stage. I do not know what Inner Family plans to me, but if you go over all tests, as the daughter of the oldest vampire of First Blood I become his successor – Queen of the Vampires, first from the century! I am looking at my father, sitting on the opposite side of the table. He looks really great, in ceremonial dress coat, with brilliant flashes spreading from the Legion of Honor star, hanged on a decorative ribbon. And next to him... Chestie, my beloved... No, no – former beloved! Since this louse Milou catch him... and this traitor threw himself in her arms! Chestie looks at me with his beautiful, golden (or maybe honey?) eyes, and I feel like my knees softens to the wax, and my thoughts tangles up in a maze of memories. I fly in the sight of all those wonderful moments we spent together, a great time when we went to the movie theaters, holding hands like teenagers, hunting in the East End and the British Museum, laughing to tears at the sight of horror and disbelief on the faces of our victims, as with every sip greedy blood flushed their throats, together with precious life... And then, in the unfettered, intimate solitude Chestie kissed me gently, savoring taste of my lips... In slow, leisure touches he’s unbuttoning my blouse, his delicate hands lazily strayed over my stomach and back. We both enjoyed the same moment, and I waited impatiently until his fingers in their unhurried journey goes to reach my...
– Valerie, damn, wake up at last! – whisper of vampire sitting next to me pulls me out of the trance. Chestie looks at me with a sneer in the corner of his lips, as if he knew exactly whether I think. And maybe he knows? We were together long enough to know well about partner’s thoughts, needs, desires... 
Arrrgh, bygone that all! I need to focus attention on the father, who raised a ceremonial cup. Everybody gets up, now I notice that each vampire holds in hand similar one.
– Dear Valerie! – says the father in a solemn tone. – I wish to congratulate you this successful completion of the first test, both as a father and regent of the Inner Family, which from so long time led our community. For the first time in a century may gain – in your person – a Queen. This means that you will be able to represent us on an equal footing to other Families, which, being a regent, I do not.
It was true – every Family can be headed of regent and the Inner Family, council's oldest and most experienced vampires, but only the King or Queen had full authority over the Family. He is able to begin the end of the war, to negotiate on an equal footing with other Families and, in accordance with the Eternal Law, to establish new Nests, expanding the influence of his Family to the new territories and Herds. If from any reason the Family lost their ruler, protection over it belongs to regent elected from the members of Inner Family. And only his natural descendant – not mortal granted with Gift of Truelife – after reaching the proper age and passing the appropriate tests could be the rightful ruler of the whole community. So says the Eternal Law and tradition.

Next / 63

61. Oh, sweet revenge! So many times I had to put up with her contemptuous gaze, when she walked at hand with Chestie on all official receptions and meetings! This bitch knew that I loved him for a long time, and she ensnared him just to gloat over my suffering! Therefore I am walking closer and with a delightful smile hitting with my knee just in her beautiful face. Dull crunch of cracking bones, blood spurting on all sides – this is the best reward for all the humiliation which I was suffered from this bitch! This is of course just a down payment, as major feud will come later... I am passing stunned vampire and going to the door, smiling to Yossa, which stands patiently and without word, just watching me impassively.

Next / 64

62. The man on the end of the corridor nods encouragingly at me with his hand. I hesitate for a moment, and then go on my way, skipping stunned vampire. I come to the door, when a man raises his hand, with this gesture stopping me on place. In his every move I fill this deep, natural power and charisma, which cannot be resisted in any way. At first glance he is recognized as a vampire of First Blood, and when you look at his eyes, you finding in them immeasurable eons of time, a reflection of all of these places, eras and people, among whom he lived...and who died in front of him from so many reasons…
The vampire looks at me without saying a word, and we both know that he do not need to say anything – I’ll pass to the Meridian Hall only under one condition. Without any delay I am pulling medallion out of my pocket and showing it to him. A man moves his hand lightly over the medallion, hardens his face intently for a moment, then looks at me with appreciate. I'm damn proud of myself, because I know now that the first part of my test is successful, and the medallion have the Power. Vampire consists of cold kiss on my forehead and opens the double doors in front of me.
– Good luck, my child... – whispers in my ear, and when I go into the next room, quietly closing the doors behind me.
As soon as I enter, vampires gathered around long table fall silent, and then gets up. They are dressed in ceremonial costumes of the era – women's dress with a train, men in frock coats – worn only for the most important occasions. Twenty pairs of red eyes staring intently on future Queen. 
On me.

Next / 65

63 – Happy birthday, my dear! – says the father and raises the cup in a toast, while others looks on me expectantly. Well, I guess that’s the next part of the whole ceremony. I lift the cup to my lips and, smiling faintly, in one gulp lean out the entire liquid. The monstrous fire hits with the force of a hammer in my esophagus and stomach. I’m falling to the ground without breath, knocking off the table cloths, which rolls with clatter around on the floor.... Through my viscera rushes tornado of pain, from which almost I lose consciousness! After a moment , long as eternity, I’m able to catch first breath, then another... I lay curled up under the table, helplessly staring on a small puddle of bloody saliva, which leaks slowly from my burning mouth… And on the shoes of the other fellow guests, who did not deign to come to me with any help. Hmm, so it was planned... Everybody knows what's going on – except me! For a long, long time I’m waiting as raging fire in my belly comes to the end, then slowly lifting up, to finally settle down on my chair.
And I look in the face of my father, who had just tried to kill me with a poison!

Next / 66

64. I come to the door, when a man raises his hand, with this gesture stopping me on place. In his every move I fill this deep, natural power and charisma, which cannot be resisted in any way. At first glance he is recognized as a vampire of First Blood, and when you look at his eyes, you finding in them immeasurable eons of time, a reflection of all of these places, eras and people, among whom he lived...and who died in front of him from so many reasons…
The vampire looks at me without saying a word, and we both know that he do not need to say anything – I’ll pass to the Meridian Hall only under one condition. Without any delay I am pulling medallion out of my pocket and showing it to him. A man moves his hand lightly over the medallion, hardens his face intently for a moment, then looks at me with appreciate. I'm damn proud of myself, because I know now that the first part of my test is successful, and the medallion have the Power. Vampire consists of cold kiss on my forehead and opens the double doors in front of me.
– Good luck, my child... – whispers in my ear, and when I go into the next room, quietly closing the doors behind me.
As soon as I enter, vampires gathered around long table fall silent, and then gets up. They are dressed in ceremonial costumes of the era – women's dress with a train, men in frock coats – worn only for the most important occasions. Twenty pairs of red eyes staring intently on future Queen.
On me.

Next / 65

65. I come to the table, hanging medallion around my neck, and sit on the only empty chair, taking a neutral expression. At that moment, in THIS group, displaying any affections can be more than stupid, although emotions almost going to explode in my heart! With medallion stolen from embassy I went first, a preliminary test, so I am able to go to next stage. I do not know what Inner Family plans to me, but if you go over all tests, as the daughter of the oldest vampire of First Blood I become his successor – Queen of the Vampires, first from the century! I am looking at my father, sitting on the opposite side of the table. He looks really great, in ceremonial dress coat, with brilliant flashes spreading from the Legion of Honor star, hanged on a decorative ribbon. And next to him... Chestie, my beloved... No, no – former beloved! Since this louse Milou catch him... and this traitor threw himself in her arms! Chestie looks at me with his beautiful, golden (or maybe honey?) eyes, and I feel like my knees softens to the wax, and my thoughts tangles up in a maze of memories. I fly in the sight of all those wonderful moments we spent together, a great time when we went to the movie theaters, holding hands like teenagers, hunting in the East End and the British Museum, laughing to tears at the sight of horror and disbelief on the faces of our victims, as with every sip greedy blood flushed their throats, together with precious life... And then, in the unfettered, intimate solitude Chestie kissed me gently, savoring taste of my lips... In slow, leisure touches he’s unbuttoning my blouse, his delicate hands lazily strayed over my stomach and back. We both enjoyed the same moment, and I waited impatiently until his fingers in their unhurried journey goes to reach my...
– Valerie, damn, wake up at last! – whisper of vampire sitting next to me pulls me out of the trance. Chestie looks at me with a sneer in the corner of his lips, as if he knew exactly whether I think. And maybe he knows? We were together long enough to know well about partner’s thoughts, needs, desires... 
Arrrgh, bygone that all! I need to focus attention on the father, who raises a ceremonial cup. Everybody gets up, now I notice that each vampire holds in hand similar one.
– Dear Valerie! – says the father of a solemn tone. – I wish to congratulate you this successful completion of the first test, both as a father and regent of the Inner Family, which from so long time led our community. For the first time in a century may gain – in your person – a Queen. This means that you will be able to represent us on an equal footing to other Families, which, being a regent, I do not.
It was true – every Family can be headed of regent and the Inner Family, council's oldest and most experienced vampires, but only the King or Queen had full authority over the Family. He is able to begin the end of the war, to negotiate on an equal footing with other Families and, in accordance with the Eternal Law, to establish new Nests, expanding the influence of his Family to the new territories and Herds. If from any reason the Family lost their ruler, protection over it belongs to regent elected form members of Inner Family. And only his natural descendant – not mortal granted with Gift of Truelife – after reaching the proper age and passing the appropriate tests could be the rightful ruler of the whole community. So says the Eternal Law and tradition.

Next / 67

66. – It's not what you think, honey – father smiles at me cheerfully, and I feel that my anger, pain and sorrow flies away for good. Well, I should have guess that mission in the embassy was just an innocent exercise before real test. – No one wants to hurt you, however trial of the Dead Blood is an integral part of the ritual, our eternal sacred tradition. The future Queen need to have ability to deal with any danger, also a direct threat to her own life, because only then she will find in herself enough determination to effectively protect the Nest. If you're not afraid to lose your life, you will find the strength to protect others. Your next task will be to find and take antidote for poison you’ve just drank, and you have twenty four hours from now. After this time, the poison begins to work, and, well, you die again, but this time for eternity.
Of course Dead Blood was only in my cup. Sitting at a table and leisurely sipping wine, all vampires looks at me – some with sympathy, some with curiosity, and others with an ingratiating smile on their ceremoniously powdered faces. In my mind I analyze their gestures and glances, trying to feel who in the future may stand by my side and who is tempted by rivalry and will try to undermine my position. If I REALLY want to be Queen, now I have to find allies and adherents, keeping an eye on potential enemies and self-appointed usurpers.
– The burden of being the Queen is imposed by birth, not by choice – continues father. – However at this stage of trial pretender to the throne still has the right to choose his own destiny. Do it wisely, my daughter, because then there will be no turning back – he points with a gesture a small table, on which I see waxed envelope and vial of red liquid. – If you select an envelope, you will find the details of your next job, and the next day you will fight for your life. But you can also take the antidote to the poison right now, reaching for the vial. However this means giving up the aspiration to be Queen and ruling of the Nest, and returning to a normal life of an ordinary vampire. Consider and make your choice...

I choose the envelope / 68
I choose the antidote / 69

67 – Happy birthday, my dear! – says the father and raises the cup in a toast, while others looks on me expectantly. Well, I guess that’s the next part of the whole ceremony. I lift the cup to my lips and, smiling faintly, in one gulp lean out the entire liquid. The monstrous fire hits with the force of a hammer in my esophagus and stomach. I’m falling to the ground without breath, knocking off the table cloths, which rolls with clatter around on the floor.... Through my viscera rushes tornado of pain, from which almost I lose consciousness! After a moment , long as eternity, I’m able to catch first breath, then another... I lay curled up under the table, helplessly staring on a small puddle of bloody saliva, which leaks slowly from my burning mouth… And on the shoes of the other fellow guests, who did not deign to come to me with any help. Hmm, so it was planned... Everybody knows what's going on – except me! For a long, long time while I’m waiting as raging fire in my belly comes to the end, then slowly lifting up, to finally settle down on my chair.
And I look in the face of my father, who had just tried to kill me with a poison!

Next / 70

68. Without hesitation I reach for the envelope and seal crumble in my fingers, opening rustling parchment card. Remains of sealing wax silently crumbling to the floor, like the pieces of my past. From this moment my life is changing forever... Now I am jumping straight into mad, twenty-four hour race, where the only prize is my life. Thoughtfully I am looking for a moment on radiant, pleased father's face, and then coming back to the parchment, focusing my full attention on it. Time to reveal details of my second task...

Next / 71

69. I'm not going to die in a senseless race for power! Without hesitation I reach for the ampoule and quickly drinking it bittersweet content. Father looks at me hardly, in his eyes I see the sadness and… despair? But there were HIS hopes and plans. Not mine... not mine! I want to live, away from the court conspiracies, clan wars, poisons and tricks. When I become a Queen, this horror will turn into my everyday life. Which I don’t need, don’t want, which I hate!!!
– You had a choice, Valerie – says the father. Now in his voice I hear not only sadness, but also... contempt?! – You have had a chance to be the Queen. To lead the Nest, gain new Herds and expand our dominion. But you not grown up to carry this role, and betrayed the confidence which all of us put on you. That's the reason why you have to die.
And so it... it was not an antidote?!
– Burn the corpse – he’s ordering rest of the vampires and goes out, even without single look at me. From this moment I am already not exist to him. I feel like my body weakens in fast rate, so after just few seconds I am not able to maintain balance. Slowly I am sitting down on a chair, feeling that my consciousness fades and falls apart.
So that was the... plan: the kingdom… or death...
My thou.. gh…ts  fa…d…e..s

I want to start again / 1

70. – It's not what you think, honey – father smiles at me cheerfully, and I feel that my anger, pain and sorrow flies away for good. Well, I should have guess that mission in the embassy was just an innocent exercise before real test. – No one wants to hurt you, however trial of the Dead Blood is an integral part of the ritual, our eternal sacred tradition. The future Queen need to have ability to deal with any danger, also a direct threat to her own life, because only then she will find in herself enough determination to effectively protect the Nest. If you're not afraid to lose your life, you will find the strength to protect others. Your next task will be to find and ingestion antidote for poison you’ve just drank, and you have twenty four hours from now. After this time, the poison begins to work, and, well, you die again, but this time for eternity.
Of course Dead Blood was only in my cup. Sitting at a table and leisurely sipping wine, all vampires looks at me – some with sympathy, some with curiosity, and others with an ingratiating smile on their ceremoniously powdered faces. In my mind I analyze their gestures and glances, trying to feel who in the future may stand by my side and who is tempted by rivalry and will try to undermine my position. If I REALLY want to be Queen, now I have to find allies and adherents, keeping an eye on potential enemies and self-appointed usurpers.
– The burden of being the Queen is imposed by birth, not by choice – continues father. – However at this stage of trial pretender to the throne still has the right to choose his own destiny. Do it wisely, my daughter, because then there will be no turning back – he points with a gesture a small table, on which I see waxed envelope and vial of red liquid. – If you select an envelope, you will find the details of your next job, and the next day you will fight for your life. But you can also take the antidote to the poison right now, reaching for the vial. However this means giving up the aspiration to be Queen and ruling of the Nest, and returning to a normal life of an ordinary vampire. Consider and make your choice...

I choose the envelope / 72
I choose the antidote / 73

71. Message is short: I have to fly on the next plane to Nairobi, where someone is waiting for me – courier with antidote or... information about it. The letter is accompanied by an airline ticket and a wad of cash. Hmm, I still do not know the basic facts, it looks like I'm forced to prepare plan of action a little further...
– An observer will travel with you on same flight – says the father. – Of course you do not know him who it is and his personality will be concealed. His task is an… let’s say... assessment of your actions during the mission. Now move, because time is running out. Remember, you have only twenty four hours to save your live... and now even less.
Father takes me by the shoulders and ceremoniously kisses me on the forehead.
– Good luck, my future Queen – in his voice I hear barely concealed emotions. I turn on my heel and leave the Meridian Hall, watched closely by all present. I quietly shut the door behind me and at last have a time to burst into tears...

Next / 74

72. Without hesitation I reach for the envelope and seal crumble in my fingers, opening rustling parchment card. Remains of sealing wax silently crumbling to the floor, like the pieces of my past. From this moment my life is changing forever... Now I am jumping straight into mad, twenty-four hour race, where the only prize is my life. Thoughtfully I am looking for a moment on radiant, pleased father's face, and then coming back to the parchment, focusing my full attention on it. Time to reveal details of my second task...

Next / 75

73. I'm not going to die in a senseless race for power! Without hesitation I reach for the ampoule and quickly drinking it bittersweet content. Father looks at me hardly, in his eyes I see the sadness and… despair? But there were HIS hopes and plans. Not mine... not mine! I want to live, away from the court conspiracies, clan wars, poisons and tricks. When I become a Queen, this horror will turn into my everyday life. Which I don’t need, don’t want, which I hate!!!
– You had a choice, Valerie – says the father. Now in his voice I hear not only sadness, but also... contempt?! – You have had a chance to be the Queen. To lead the Nest, gain new Herds and expand our dominion. But you not grown up to carry this role, and betrayed the confidence which all of us put on you. That's the reason why you have to die.
And so it... it was not an antidote?!
– Burn the corpse – he’s ordering rest of the vampires and goes out, even without single look at me. From this moment I am already not exist to him. I feel like my body weakens in fast rate, so after just few seconds I am not able to maintain balance. Slowly I am sitting down on a chair, feeling that my consciousness fades and falls apart.
So that was the... plan: the kingdom or death...
My thou.. ghts fa…d…e..s

I want to start again / 1

74. Pain, fear, fatigue... All of this flushes from me in spasmodic, almost hysterical sobbing, which explode shortly after I leaving the Meridian Hall. I don’t care about vampire-guard, who stands near me, or even that, despite the closed door, all vampires in the Hall probably heard me well... At last, after long moment, I am slowly calming down and bringing myself to order. Uff, now I'm ready to...
– Valerie, wait! – I hear a voice behind me. 
His voice...
It’s Kay!

Next / 76

75. Message is short: I have to fly on the next plane to Nairobi, where someone is waiting for me – courier with antidote or... information about it. The letter is accompanied by an airline ticket and a wad of cash. Hmm, I still do not know the basic facts, it looks like I'm forced to prepare plan of action a little further...
– An observer will travel with you on same flight – says the father. – Of course you do not know who it is and his personality will be concealed. His task is an… let’s say... assessment of your actions during the mission. Now move, because time is running out. Remember, you have only twenty four hours to save your live... and now even less.
Father takes me by the shoulders and ceremoniously kisses me on the forehead.
– Good luck, my future Queen – in his voice I hear barely concealed emotions. I turn on my heel and leave the Meridian Hall, watched closely by all present. I quietly shut the door behind me and at last have a time to burst into tears...

Next / 77

76. My brother-in-Blood looks extremely chic and elegant, as usual, dressed in a dark suit from Marconi, with diamond buckle in a tie, a mane of raven-black hair and a hot look equally black eyes. Charming dandy appears noble and sunny, with bright smile, always adored by women. I admit that sometimes I'd been jealous of him...
– Valerie – he whispers, gently touching my face. – We both are proud of you, me and father. He had no other choice, you know about it...
Of course, he's right. Since I can remember father prepared me for this role. He specially obtained a natural daughter, as in accordance with the Eternal Law it could be Queen. Throughout all my life I’ve been prepared and trained for this moment... and the next, when I become a Queen of the Nest. But first I need to pass the test!
I'm feeling raw, masculine scent of his perfume, when he kisses me lightly on the cheek for goodbye and then turns to go...
I want to say something to him... / 78
I'm leaving / 79

77. Pain, fear, fatigue... All of this flushes from me in spasmodic, almost hysterical sobbing, which explode shortly after I leaving the Meridian Hall. I don’t care about vampire-guard, who stands near me, or even that, despite the closed door, probably all vampires in the Hall heard me well... At last, after long moment, I am slowly calming down and bringing myself to order. Uff, now I'm ready to...
– Valerie, wait! – I hear a voice behind me. 
His voice...
It’s Kay!
Next / 80

78. It’s perhaps our last meeting. I believe in my strength, but I’ve convinced already that fate can play the worst and most unexpected tricks... But what I really want to tell him?!

That the father does not believe in me / 81
That he’s the worst bastard I've ever met! / 83
I give up at the last moment and walk away / 79

79. I look after him for a moment, thinking about all the things I would like to say, then I'm going out, on rendez-vous with my destiny. Half an hour later I am sitting in a cab, on the way to the airport.

Next / 84

80. My brother-in-Blood looks extremely chic and elegant, as usual, dressed in a dark suit from Marconi, with diamond buckle in a tie, a mane of raven-black hair and a hot look equally black eyes. Charming dandy appears noble and sunny, with bright smile, always adored by women. I admit that sometimes I'd been jealous of him...
– Valerie – he whispers, gently touching my face. – We both are proud of you, me and father. He had no other choice, you know about it...
Of course, he's right. Since I can remember father prepared me for this role. He specially obtained a natural daughter, as in accordance with the Eternal Law it could be Queen. Throughout all my life I’ve been prepared and trained for this moment... and the next, when I become a Queen of the Nest. But first I need to pass the test!
I'm feeling raw, masculine scent of his perfume, when he kisses me lightly on the cheek for goodbye and then turns to go...

I want to say something to him... / 85
I'm leaving / 79

81. – You know we never lived closely – I say slowly, suppressing emotions with difficulty. – You had your case, and always been close to our father. I know that he would prefer to see you in my place, as King. He ever dreamed about it – about natural son. We both know that he even supposedly had a few, but they all died or disappeared in mysterious circumstances. He never talked about it, but everything was changed since you showed up. My impression is that... he loves you more, and he gave you all his hopes and dreams. He easily confides you the secrets and matters, about which even not mentioned in my presence... We both know that according to his desire you should be on my place. He trained me for the role of the Queen with a sense of duty to the Family, however without natural love, passion and heart. But both of you should know – I mount my voice aloud – that I also have something to say on this matter. Maybe I’ve not fulfilled his expectations, but I'm going to meet mine! I'll be the Queen in not accordance with his wishes, and not against you, but for me! It’s highest time I would decide myself about own fate. You will not stop me in this, I don’t care!
– And if I help you? – Kay asks softly. – And if I also want you to be the Queen? If I want to see my sister-in-Blood as a ruler of our Family and the Nest? Is this option acceptable for you? I want to give you something that will definitely help you in your search. Treat this support not as a gift from your brother, but only from... a loyal member of the Family. Loyal to the future Queen...
In his eyes is sadness, but the voice, velvety and deep, does not betray emotions. I know very well how skillful manipulator he can be, easily convincing even the most stubborn and obstinate opponents to his point of view. Is he going to trick me now? Or maybe he really want to help me, in case of future benefits??

I accept his offer / 86
I reject/ 87


82. – You know, I have to tell you something. What's really important... – could it’s this critical moment, finally? I knew that someday I would have to tell him that, and it seemed this time has come. – Since I can remember, my father dreamed to have a natural son. We both know that even supposedly had a few, but they all died or disappeared in mysterious circumstances. I never talked about it, but since you showed up, everything changed. The point is that... I loved you, brother. Father trained me for the role of the Queen with a sense of duty to the Family, however without natural love, passion and heart. We both know that you should be on my place...
Driven by the impulse I am giving him a hot, deep kiss, embracing him tenderly. Gods, how long I waited for this moment!
Kay is a little surprised by my spontaneous gesture. Somewhat embarrassed, he is stroking my hair, and I feel shivers on the back... Shivers of pleasure and desire...
– I love you too, my sister – he saying uncertainly.
Is he still does not understand? Why men are so stupid?! I pull up a bit and look him straight in the eyes.
– Kay – I say emphatically. – I do not love you like a sister, but desire as a woman!

Next / 88

83. – You know we never lived closely – I say slowly, suppressing emotions with difficulty. – You had your case, and always been close to our father. I know that he would prefer to see you in my place, as King. He ever dreamed about it – about natural son. We both know that he even supposedly had a few, but they all died or disappeared in mysterious circumstances. He never talked about it, but everything was changed since you showed up. My impression is that... he loves you more, and he gave you all his hopes and dreams. He easily confides you the secrets and matters, about which even not mentioned in my presence... We both know that according to his desire you should be on my place. He trained me for the role of the Queen with a sense of duty to the Family, however without natural love, passion and heart. But both of you should know – I mount my voice aloud – that I also have something to say on this matter. Maybe I’ve not fulfilled his expectations, but I'm going to meet mine! I'll be the Queen in not accordance with his wishes, and not against you, but for me! It’s highest time I would decide myself about own fate. You will not stop me in this, I don’t care!
– And if I help you? – Kay asks softly. – And if I also want you to be the Queen? If I want to see my sister-in-Blood as a ruler of our Family and the Nest? Is this option acceptable for you? I want to give you something that will definitely help you in your search. Treat this support not as a gift from your brother, but only from... a loyal member of the Family. Loyal to the future Queen...
In his eyes is sadness, but the voice, velvety and deep, does not betray emotions. I know very well how skillful manipulator he can be, easily convincing even the most stubborn and obstinate opponents to his point of view. Is he going to trick me now? Or maybe he really want to help me, in case of future benefits??
I accept gift / 86
I reject the offer / 87

84. Clearance does not last long and after a few minutes I'm sitting in the plane, silently watching rest of the passengers. I wonder who from them is the Family’s agent? Several men notes my gaze and smiles encouragingly, but I haven’t even the slightest desire to establish any closer acquaintance. Knowledge about lethal dose of poison in my veins effectively spoils my mood.
– I'm sorry, but this is my place – a grizzled man in a suit is waving ticket beneath my face. – You took my seat! I always sit at the window!
The guy screwed up, almost shouting and leaning over me! I’m looking at his ticket with composure – boor actually have right, my place is in the chair next to...

I give him in the face for inappropriate behavior / 88
I’m sit without a word on right place / 89
I call the stewardess to explain the situation / 90

85. It’s probably our last meeting... I believe in my strength, but I’ve already convinced that fate can play the worst and most unexpected tricks... But what I really want to tell him?

That Damned has a message for him / 91
That he is the worst bastard I've ever met! / 83
I give up at the last moment and walk away / 79

86. – So what is it? – I asked curiously. – Just, please, cut it short, because basically I should have to sit now in a taxi to the airport.
– This is information that may be useful to you. I was able to overhear a father’s conversation with a couple of vampires from the Inner Family. You need to watch out for mimic, he will be your observer – or maybe he's the antidote courier? I do not know it exactly, but certainly he will try to be close to you during the entire mission. You need to watch out for him...
It seemed that the family went to the really serious matter. Mimic is a very specific kind of creature, that he’s able to change his appearance in the blink of an eye. Once looked like an old man, in a second changes to an young, energetic girl, or anyone wanted, but always seen before – just like metal T-1000 from the second part of the "Terminator" movie. Because of their unusual ability mimics are sometimes used as observers or couriers, but persuading mimic to collaboration requires a lot of time, because they are fickle creatures, skittish and very unreliable.
– Thank you, Kay – I smile to him. – At least now I know that I have to worry about virtually every person I met along my way.
– Well, I just overheard it through the door of father's study – says my brother-in-Blood and lightly kisses me on the cheek for goodbye. I can smell his male, raw perfume, which always moves me to strange excitement. – Maybe I'm wrong and they talked just about a completely different action? Anyway, just watch out for your back and keep eyes open!

Next / 79

87. – Keep your revelations to yourself – I’m straining through clenched teeth. – I'm not interested in your intrigues, collusions and deceptions. We both know perfectly well that you are the master of lies and dirty tricks of all sort, but this time it’s my game! And it will be played on my terms. Remember that this game just started, so it’s wise to quickly assimilate it rules, before other players take advantage over you!
For a moment he looks at me with great care, very unusual for him. In his eyes I see a flash of curiosity and something like... respect? But the moment passes, then he again pulls on the face a mask of indifference and irony. He makes old-fashioned, deep bow and disappears behind the door to Meridian Hall.

Next / 79

88. – Well, maybe you're right, but it’s really is not a reason to act like a total boor! Someone needs to teach you the basic manners, just a pity that this chore falls on me! – I’m straining through gritted teeth and just slapping him in the face! Is so delicate that guy only staggers backward, and his head is still on the neck. I do not want to kill him, but only teach some basic behavior in contacts with woman! Intruder retreats back, mumbling apologies, and sitting on first free seat, avoiding my eyes. His energy escapes suddenly somewhere… He’s not paying attention to me any further, as if nothing had happened. Did he was forced to this tasteless action against his will? The flight attendants are busy with sitting passengers on their places and probably none of them drew attention to this incident, however I have the impression that several passengers looks at me intently. Is it just a random coincidence with this unpleasant event, or there are agent of the Family, who lurks among them?

Next / 92

89. – Well, you're right – I smile with icy politeness. – But you could make an effort in a little more polite tone. There are no need to use such treatment!
I get up and step down, and he eagerly sits on my seat, without losing the opportunity to assess my shapely ass and long legs. I would like to change place to somewhere else, but all seats are occupied, and the flight attendants just check boarding passes, making sure that each passenger is assigned to it booked place. Well, it looks like I'll have to spend the journey next to this… boor. Fortunately, it's only three hours of flight. I'm trying to find comfortable position in my seat and start reading a magazine bought at the airport, unsuccessfully trying to find in it any interesting article. Meanwhile my unpleasant neighbor unexpectedly changes his attitude. For a moment he’s looking at me with an ambiguous smile, even specifically not hiding this, then decides to go on the offensive.
– Pardon me, madam, I am Marcel Hibidge, a businessman from the hydraulic sector. I deeply apologize for this misunderstanding, I'm tired after a long journey, and that's another flight today... I suggest a little drink on the agreement, what do you say?
I look briefly at him over the newspaper. In fact in this well-cut suit he looks quite good, and a gray at the temples even adds him a little charm. But these manners! How he can treat a woman in such way?!

I’m ignoring offender / 93
I accept his proposal / 94

90. – I think the stewardess will help you to solve this problem – I’m straining through teeths and raise hand to call one of them. But to my amazement intruder retreats back, mumbling apologies, and sitting on first free seat, avoiding my eyes. His energy escapes suddenly somewhere… He’s not paying attention to me any further, as if nothing had happened. Did he was forced to this tasteless action against his will? The flight attendants are busy with sitting passengers on their places and probably none of them drew attention to this incident, however I have the impression that several passengers looks at me intently. Is it just a random coincidence with this unpleasant event, or there are agent of the Family, who lurks among them?

Next / 92

91. – I have a feeling that you are in close collaboration with the Damned, but I do not know how this is even possible?
Kay’s face is a mask of cold politeness, but I see a sudden flash of interest in his eyes. It seems that I found his weak spot.
– One of them have something important to tell you – I say.
– Really? – he asks with feigned indifference. – A kind of what he said? And how, as each of them have a golden mouthful?

I give him a message from the Damned / 95
I decide to bargain / 96

92. Plane is circling at the runway, then it takes off and after a few minutes we are in the air. Lights of the night London quickly disappears behind, passengers reach for pillows and blankets, getting ready for a nap. I’m discretely looking on them, trying to guess which one is mimic? Is this the woman in middle age, with damaged hair and tired eyes, or maybe a bearded young man in a military jacket? Or is it one of the flight attendants? No, I need to stop thinking about that, it’s just a shortest way to fall into paranoia…
Darkness covers whole plane board, only here and there, over single seats, I see little lights – some passengers prefer to read than a nap. Monotonous hum of engines makes me sleepy and slowly I am falling into light sleep, when suddenly I feel that something is wrong. Very, VERY wrong... My senses are sharpen, as just before battle, and upper lip rises to the top, slightly revealing fangs. I'm ready – but for what? The answer comes quickly… In the rear of the plane I hear a series of strong, swift strokes, and at the same time air is pierced by dull roar of an angry predator. Hairs comes up on my neck, that voice can’t be missed with any other. Well, it seems that we have a werewolf on the board!

I am waiting on my seat to see what will happen next / 97
I'm going to the back of plane to check the situation / 98

93. I’m declining his proposal with haughty silence, implying that I have no intention to go into any closer acquaintance. Plane is circling at the runway, then it takes off and after a few minutes we are in the air. Lights of the night London quickly disappears behind, passengers reach for pillows and blankets, getting ready for a nap. I’m discretely looking on them, trying to guess which one is mimic? Is this the woman in middle age, with damaged hair and tired eyes, or maybe a bearded young man in a military jacket? Or is it one of the flight attendants? No, I need to stop thinking about that, it’s just a shortest way to fall into paranoia…
Darkness covers whole plane board, only here and there, over single seats, I see little lights – some passengers prefer to read than a nap. Monotonous hum of engines makes me sleepy and slowly I am falling into light sleep, when suddenly I feel that something is wrong. Very, VERY wrong... My senses are sharpen, as just before battle, and upper lip rises to the top, slightly revealing fangs. I'm ready – but for what? The answer comes quickly… In the rear of the plane I hear a series of strong, swift strokes, and at the same time air is pierced by dull roar of an angry predator. Hairs comes up on my neck, that voice can’t be missed with any other. Well, it seems that we have a werewolf on the board!

I am waiting on my seat to see what will happen next / 97
I'm going to the back of plane to check the situation / 98

94. – Okay, then let's forget about that little incident – I’m saying in a conciliatory tone, taking martini from the stewardess. Hibidge, visible pleasant, is going to refer some terribly boring family stories, clumsily trying to pick me up, but I do not pay much attention to the chatter – I still can use him for something, although haven’t any real plan yet. Plane is circling at the runway, then it takes off and after a few minutes we are in the air. Lights of the night London quickly disappears behind, passengers reach for pillows and blankets, getting ready for a nap. I’m discretely looking on them, trying to guess which one is mimic? Is this the woman in middle age, with damaged hair and tired eyes, or maybe a bearded young man in a military jacket? Or is it one of the flight attendants? No, I need to stop thinking about that, it’s just a shortest way to fall into paranoia…
Darkness covers whole plane board, only here and there, over single seats, I see little lights – some passengers prefer to read than a nap. Monotonous hum of engines makes me sleepy and slowly I am falling into light sleep, when suddenly I feel that something is wrong. Very, VERY wrong... My senses are sharpen, as just before battle, and upper lip rises to the top, slightly revealing fangs. I'm ready – but for what? The answer comes quickly… In the rear of the plane I hear a series of strong, swift strokes, and at the same time air is pierced by dull roar of an angry predator. Hairs comes up on my neck, that voice can’t be missed with any other. Well, it seems that we have a werewolf on the board!

I am waiting on my seat to see what will happen next / 97
I'm going to the rear of plane to check the situation / 98

95. – They know the Morse alphabet, my dear. One of them asked you to get started. Just only that... or that much. I do not know in which troubles you are involved this time, but do not engage in anything with no way of return. I do not want to lose you, brother – I say quietly, and the impulse moves me to kiss him. Kay embraces me tenderly.
– There are some things in our Nest, which require... acceleration, so to speak – he says after a long pause. – We fallen into dangerous stagnation and a lack of rightful King emboldened other Families to act more and more boldly against us, and in result we can be conquered and finally destroyed by them!
I feel cold grasping my heart. There are words of betrayal I pull away from him, realizing what his words really mean.
– Have you any secret deals with the Damned? – I ask incredulously.
– My dear Valerie – Kay folds his hands in pyramid and looks at me with a smile. Am I really see the irony and cynicism in his eyes? Why so late?! How stupid and naive I was! 
– It’s the highest time to leave the land of innocent childhood and come face to face with the real life! – Kay says as if reading my mind. – I can tell you my intentions, but then you'll have to join our... civic initiative and change your life plans. On the other hand, you can also forget about this conversation and continue you mission to become the Queen – and you need to know that I honestly support it, seeing it as an opportunity for our Family to break it out of from apathy and passivity, consuming it from so long time, and to directing it future on new tracks. You can also, of course, try to stop our plans and share you doubts with our father. He, as the guardian of the old order and known legalist, certainly will use all available powers to break our plans. Of course I can’t let this happen, but if the only way to keep my secret still unrevealed is to kill you, with regret and sorrow I’ll consider this solution for sure. So what you tell me, my sweet sister?

I agree to join the Kay’s conspiracy / 99
I decided to forget about this conversation and to continue my mission / 100
I want to speak about all of that with father and take a chance against Kay / 101

96. – Perhaps it's something important, brother. Something so important and urgent, that the Damned decided to engage the first person who passed by, ignoring the danger, to find a chance to provide you the message – I say in cautious tone. Kay watches me with a neutral expression, as if we were discussing about harvest forecasts in the Herd, not his plausible betrayal, or at least conscious action against the Eternal Law!
– I wonder this is very valuable information. Valuable for you, of course, because I'm sure that the Inquisitors would also be interested. And of course our father too, I am bet on this. But I'm sure that – in the face, I guess, long-term and broad preparation, and high expectations that you’ve put in this project – you are able to win this small private auction of hope and desire, brother...

Next / 102

97. There nothing happens by a long moment, and most of the awakened passengers slowly goes back to sleep, considering initial noise as a remnant of bad dream, when scream explodes again. But his time, however, this is not deaf, vibrating roar, resembling the sound of a very angry beast, but ear piercing, shrill cry of shocked woman. Some passengers looks at the rear of the plane, just in time to see the stewardess running in panic along the main aisle. The front of her uniform is bloodied up to her necks, but her right hand... just disappeared! Streams of ruby blood spread across from her broken veins, marking seats, floor and faces the surrounding shocked passengers. Woman takes several steps, still shouting loud, and behind her... Behind her I see SOMETHING... Fuzzy, grayish shape similar to giant wolf rushes at great speed on all fours legs just a few meters behind the woman. Monster jumps up, almost gliding cabin ceiling, and falls on the stewardess back, with a thud knocking it between the seats.

Next / 103

98. I am getting up from my seat and going to the rear of the plane. There nothing happens by a long moment, and most of the awakened passengers slowly goes back to sleep, considering initial noise as a remnant of bad dream, when scream explodes again. But his time, however, this is not deaf, vibrating roar, resembling the sound of a very angry beast, but ear piercing, shrill cry of shocked woman. Some passengers looks at the rear of the plane, just in time to see the stewardess running in panic along the main aisle. The front of her uniform is bloodied up to her necks, but her right hand... just disappeared! Streams of ruby blood spread across from her broken veins, marking seats, floor and faces the surrounding shocked passengers. Woman takes several steps, still shouting loud, and behind her... Behind her I see SOMETHING... Fuzzy, grayish shape similar to giant wolf rushes at great speed on all fours legs just a few meters behind the woman. Monster jumps up, almost gliding cabin ceiling, and falls on the stewardess back, with a thud knocking it between the seats. Exactly one step ahead of me...

Next / 104

99. – Okay, so I reveal you my secret, if you really desire it so much... – Kay smiles ironically. – But you must know that this means not only giving up your plans, but also burning out our father’s hope to make you ruler of our Nest. Are you ready for telling him straight in the face that you – you personally – destroyed his hopes and dreams? And of course your own... But I'm not as heartless as our father. Because he does not give you any choice, adopting you to role of the Queen just since your birth. I wasn’t granted with this honor not so well, so I had to fend about me for myself. – Kay smiles bitterly, but after a while he looks at me with new energy. – I am not cruel. I'm not... I'm not Him. – he pronounces the last word with such emphasis that we both know about who he’s talking about. – I'll give you an honest choice: you can assimilate my secret and go this new route, abandoning father’s miracles for good, or forget about our current conversation and start your own mission, to become finally the Queen...

I want to know Kay’s secret and want to abandon my task / 105
I decided to forget about this conversation and continue my mission / 100

100. – I will not expose my mission in exchange for your... suspicious machinations! – I say in surly tone. Last thing I need is to lead my mission to fail!
– Of course, I can promise you that our conversation did not come out of these walls. But for your... future machinations please select more discreet collaborator! – I can’t refuse myself this little malice. Kay keeps worried face and bows in front of me in a formal manner, with gesture ending the conversation, end then leaves without single word. Ah, shit on it! Half hour later I am sitting in a taxi on the way to the airport...
Next / 84

101. – I think you’ve lost your mind, my dear brother – I’m saying with a sneer. – You asking me not only for just leave my chance of a lifetime, but also for put the lives of the Nest’s inhabitants into danger because of your... suspicious machinations?! Is this how I need to act as the Queen? To be a puppet in the hands of this or that coterie, which, as I see, not only grows just now, but also are trying to impose their will?! That it not be, bro! I think it's time to inform the Inner Family about your conspiracy...
I must admit that he’s fast. As soon as I turn to the door, he rises in front of me. He spreads arms, putting on face a false mask of sorrow.
– I am very disappointed, Valerie. Really. I thought that you are able to look further than on the tip of your nose. And which good things were performed by the Inner Family, as you admit it so warmly? It abstain King selection from over a century, and during this time other Families expanded their hunting grounds, won and bred Herds, strengthened influences, formed new alliances. And we? We are just staying, trapped under the weight of an ancient tradition! But enough of that! I do not turn back from my path, and things had gone too far for me to let you stop them thoughtlessly. Your destiny against mine – let's see who is stronger!

Go to battle! / 106

102. However, I must admit that he’s fast. As soon as I turn to the door, he rises in front of me. He spreads arms, putting on face a false mask of sorrow.
– I am very disappointed, Valerie. Really. I thought that you are able to look further than on the tip of your nose. And which good things were performed by the Inner Family, as you admit it so warmly? It abstain King selection from over a century, and during this time other Families expanded their hunting grounds, won and bred Herds, strengthened influences, formed new alliances. And we? We are just staying, trapped under the weight of an ancient tradition! But enough of that! I do not turn back from my path, and things had gone too far for me to let you stop them thoughtlessly. Your destiny against mine – let's see who is stronger!
Go to battle! / 106

103. I walk over and look on a werewolf biting poor flight attendants back, and this scene rises in my heart a wave of rage and fury. Not this simple unpleasant emotions, when you unexpectedly steps into goo or are slated by surly boss, but a real, deep atavistic HATE to the ancient enemy! I feel Call of Blood, a dark, red murder frenzy rising quickly in my head – in next moment I lose control over myself and jump in the fight with a werewolf, not paying attention to where and who I am... Somewhere behind me, around me, I hear the shrill screams of passengers, but they are muffled, distant, unimportant... And if there are more werewolves? If they provoked whole situation to find out who of the passengers is the future Queen? Quite clever plan – eliminate Queen of the one of the vampire families before it really takes her throne. Or maybe I am falling into paranoia, as this is just simple attack of alone werewolf, which fallen into uncontrolled lust for murder? Quite the same lust which seizes me in a moment...

I’m attacking werewolf / 107
I’m sitting at my seat and trying to regain self-control / 108

104. The werewolf looks at me with yellow eyes, his gray muzzle is plowed with scars – it's probably Senior of the horde. He looks at me for a moment, but finally he’s back to the feast, gnawing with taste the chunks of meat from bloody back of flight attendant, which kicks below him. I feel as rage and fury rapidly grows in my heart. Not this simple unpleasant emotions, when you unexpectedly steps into goo or are slated by surly boss, but a real, deep atavistic HATE to the ancient enemy! I feel Call of Blood, a dark, red murder frenzy rising quickly in my head – in next moment I lose control over myself and jump in the fight with a werewolf, not paying attention to where and who I am... Somewhere behind me, around me, I hear the shrill screams of passengers, but they are muffled, distant, unimportant... And if there are more werewolves? If they provoked whole situation to find out who of the passengers is the future Queen? Quite clever plan – eliminate Queen of the one of the vampire families before it really takes her throne. Or maybe I am falling into paranoia, as this is just simple attack of alone werewolf, which fallen into uncontrolled lust for murder? Quite the same lust which seizes me in a moment...

I’m attacking werewolf / 107
I’m sitting at my seat and trying to regain self-control / 108

105. – So it be – I answer, looking him straight in the eye. – Tell me what secret is so important, for which I would have to NOT BE the Queen and betray Family? Why are you want so deeply to change my mind? Why this is so important?

Next / 109

106. In one gesture Kay pulls his jacket off and smiles evilly, revealing a long, glistening fangs. I am also a vampire and I know conditions of the ritual duel. According to this ancient rules, during the ritual fight opponents are not allowed to make Conversions or use any weapon – only the cunning, speed and strength counts. If I win, it means that the right was on my side. So states the Eternal Law. Since, however, Kay went to conspiracy against the Family, I would be naive with assumption that he will follow the rules. It will be dirty, treacherous battle...
Kay circles around me, sneering and shaking jacket in his hand. I feel that anger starts to crackle in my veins; instinctively I’m showing fangs, getting ready for the fight. Following enemy moves, I’m wondering which tactic will be best – should I attack him first, counting on the surprise, or better bet on dodging and lurking for Kay’s mistake, which will allow me to counterattack successfully?

I am attacking first / 110
Waiting for Kay’s mistake/ 111

107. I feel that I'm losing control of myself, my sight covers red mist, and the heart is filled with lust for murder! I only see a werewolf beating back of stewardess; woman is writhing in convulsions under monster’s paws. The beast looks up, grinning at me bloody fangs. He knows that I am not an ordinary passenger, bag of meat howling with fear – but who then? May I summon any danger? Can I threaten him? Well, I'm not gonna stand here forever until beast reaches the right conclusions. I have no time for the Conversion, but a full potential rage gives me almost superhuman strength. It allows me to grab the beast by the neck, pull away from the victim and hurl it through the entire length of the aircraft. A small shock passes through entire plane, when werewolf’s heavy body hits with rumble in cockpit doors. Unfortunately, this is far too little to make him serious harm. A second later the werewolf is again on his feet and already makes huge strides at me, growling furiously. What to do now?!

I respond with counterattack! / 112
I’m dodging, diving between the seats / 113
I'm trying to cover up with an accidental passenger / 114

108. I am breathing deeply, trying to clear emotions from the mind. I need to calm down and clearly analyze whole situation, not paying attention to werewolf, which makes his fest next to. Will his presence on board is a pure accident? Or is this a part of the test? I try to focus on the analysis of the facts, not paying attention to the pandemonium unleashed around me. Several people, probably fainted, lies in their seats and between them, but most of passengers just screams loudly, staring in horror on werewolf, which devours still alive stewardess. But after a while I see something interesting – ten rows in front of me sits a few men, completely calm and relaxed... They are quite short, broad-shouldered, very hairy. From time to time they squinting at the raging werewolf, but without fear or disgust. I'm listening, trying to pick out the words of their conversation from aloud chaos.
– You know what to do – one of them says to rest of his companions. – We are looking for girl with Medallion of Seven Words. She’s a candidate for the Queen, the daughter of this damned regent! I don’t need to remind you how many sufferings we received from their hands! Killing the girl will allow us to kill two birds with one stone: we will have revenge on the old enemy and at the same time we destroy the future Queen. She is here, so take a look around, but carefully. At last we just kill all these meat bags...
Man rises to his feet and moves to the front of the plane, while his companions walks on the back, passing raging werewolf. One of them leans over beast and whispers a few words in it hairy ear. Beast calms down and leaves mutilated body, following rest of the gang. Well, the thing seems to be clear – they are werewolves from the horde of Yellow Moon, with whom our family have endless and merciless war. Somehow they revealed my mission and began hunt for a future Queen. It seems that they are determined to accomplish their goals, as they decided to attack in the presence of many people. This means they are able to mercilessly slay all the passengers, if it will be only solution to eliminate me.

I look forward what will happen next / 115
I’m suddenly attacking one of the werewolves / 116
I reveal my identity in the hope of saving the other passengers / 117

109. Kay looks at me with attention, then begins to speak. With a group of trusted vampires together he want to release the Damned from their eternal torment and force his government over the Nest, removing father and the Inner Family. After that he plans to declare himself a King. But what is my role in this plot? Kay want me to lure our father, along with his adjutants, to appointed place, where, as he said, he will "finally solve this problem." Then I become his wife – not the Queen, but the wife of the King...

I agree to this plan / 118
I reject his proposal / 119

110. Kay clings very close to the learned, formal rules of fight, and this may be my chance. He circulates in the variable rate around me, but every now and then he suddenly takes two steps in my direction, marks the attack, then withdraws, probably hoping that by with another such attempt my vigilance will weakens, and he will be able to derive a real blow. He must be very surprised, as with next such try I’m unexpectedly moving forward to meet him. Two quick, well pointed blows pushes him on the wall, and wounded leg begins to bleed – my nails are still sharp. It's no picnic, because the wounds of another vampire claws are not self-healing. Kay realizes that the blood flow will weaken him significantly just in short time. Therefore he puts everything on one card and with a loud roar he charges straight at me!

Also turn to attack! / 120
I'm trying to dodge him / 121
Run away! / 122

111. Kay clings very close to the learned, formal rules of fight, and this may be my chance. He circulates in the variable rate around me, but every now and then he suddenly takes two steps in my direction, marks the attack, then withdraws, probably hoping that by with another such attempt my vigilance will weakens, and he will be able to derive a real blow. He must be very surprised, as with next such try I’m unexpectedly moving forward to meet him, but he acts with cold blood – quickly falls to the ground and striking out blindly in a place where he expects me.
And I, unfortunately, I am there...
His mighty blow pushes me on the wall, I feel terrible pain in the injured leg. Wound is bleeding profusely, and this is a real danger, because damages caused by claws of another vampire are not self-healing. I realize that blood flow will considerably weaken me in a moment, and the next Kay’s attack will end this fight for good…

I’m going to attack! / 123
I want to stop fighting and talk to Kay / 124
I want to get out of here!!! / 125

112. Red mist of rage disturbs my brain, and hot stream of lust and anger flows through my heart! My muscles suddenly bursts under expensive coat, nails turn into a long, hard as steel claws, and my senses sharpens beyond all bounds of miserable human body. I hear a silent prayer of an elderly man hidden in plane’s kitchen, murmur of his prayer, beads of rosary flows in his fingers. I hear the sound of fuel flushing into engines and soundless scream of passenger from seat 16A, whose mind is balancing on the edge of madness. And furious roar of the werewolf, who makes high jump onto me. I fall back, overacting my body with the pace of his movement, and when the monster falls softly on the floor, just to tear me into bloody pieces, I quickly throw arms up. My claws easily dig into the werewolf’s throat like in the butter, his hot blood splashes on my face. Continuing the movement, I’m clenching hands on his neck and hold it in place, allowing the energy of the pitch do the rest – the backbone of the creature brokes like a stick and inert carcass falls on me, pinning to the floor with it weight. 
Loudly madness around me ends in one moment and I hear silence. Silence so deep, that I hear only bass murmur of the engines and the voice of single man.
– This is regent’s daughter we're looking for – he says. – Queen of the vampires can’t leave the plane alive. Take her!

Next / 126

113. I throw myself immediately on the side, between the seats, and accelerated beast passes me with angry roar. Red mist of rage disturbs my brain, and hot stream of lust and anger flows through my heart! My muscles suddenly bursts under expensive coat, nails turn into a long, hard as steel claws, and my senses sharpens beyond all bounds of miserable human body. I hear a silent prayer of an elderly man hidden in plane’s kitchen, murmur of his prayer, beads of rosary flows in his fingers. I hear the sound of fuel flushing into engines and soundless scream of passenger from seat 16A, whose mind is balancing on the edge of madness. And furious roar of the werewolf, who makes high jump onto me. I fall back, overacting my body with the pace of his movement, and when the monster falls softly on the floor, just to tear me into bloody pieces, I quickly throw arms up. My claws easily dig into the werewolf’s throat like in the butter, his hot blood splashes on my face. Continuing the movement, I’m clenching hands on his neck and hold it in place, allowing the energy of the pitch do the rest – the backbone of the creature brokes like a stick and inert carcass falls on me, pinning to the floor with it weight. 
Loudly madness around me ends in one moment and I hear silence. Silence so deep, that I hear only bass murmur of the engines and the voice of single man.
– This is regent’s daughter we're looking for – he says. – Queen of the vampires can’t leave the plane alive. Take her!

Next / 126

114. I grab frightened old man under his arms, trying to shield him against charging werewolf, but beast jumps quickly over us, gliding just below the plane’s ceiling. Flying over the old man he kicks with paw on his head, killing him in this unusual way... I throw myself immediately on the side, between the seats, and accelerated monster passes me with angry roar. Red mist of rage disturbs my brain, and hot stream of lust and anger flows through my heart! My muscles suddenly bursts under expensive coat, nails turn into a long, hard as steel claws, and my senses sharpens beyond all bounds of miserable human body. I hear a silent prayer of an elderly man hidden in plane’s kitchen, murmur of his prayer, beads of rosary flows in his fingers. I hear the sound of fuel flushing into engines and soundless scream of passenger from seat 16A, whose mind is balancing on the edge of madness. And furious roar of the werewolf, who makes high jump onto me. I fall back, overacting my body with the pace of his movement, and when the monster falls softly on the floor, just to tear me into bloody pieces, I quickly throw arms up. My claws easily dig into the werewolf’s throat like in the butter, his hot blood splashes on my face. Continuing the movement, I’m clenching hands on his neck and hold it in place, allowing the energy of the pitch do the rest – the backbone of the creature brokes like a stick and inert carcass falls on me, pinning to the floor with it weight. 
Loudly madness around me ends in one moment and I hear silence. Silence so deep, that I hear only bass murmur of the engines and the voice of single man.
– This is regent’s daughter we're looking for – he says. – Queen of the vampires can’t leave the plane alive. Take her!
Next / 126

115. Werewolves spread across the plane, brutally checking all women in search of the medallion. Younger and more pretty are also groped, but all protests are suppressed with fists and insulting words. Werewolves systematically continues their action, slowly approaching my place.
I’m going to sudden attack on one of the werewolves / 116
I reveal my identity in the hope of saving the other passengers / 117

116. I wonder that it isn’t really good idea – they are three, and I’m only one. My chances in this challenge are rather poor...

Despite everything I decide to suddenly attack one of the werewolves / 128
 I reveal my identity in hope of saving the other passengers / 117 
I'm thinking about any other solution / 127

117. I know that werewolves are ready to kill all passengers just to get me. If they reveal my identity, there is a very faint, but still a chance to save passengers alive. Let it will happen then… If I could just open window and jump out of here, into the garden. Although... This tough leads me to other idea... What if I force the plane to land immediately? We fly over the land all the time, so just a piece of flat ground will be enough to land safely. In the confusion caused by emergency landings I have a chance to escape my enemies – or at least try to do it. It is more than certain that the werewolves comes for my life, so better to die in battle than to be slaughtered like sheep! 
OK, time to bring my plan to life. I bent in half and slowly move to the cockpit.
– Where are you going?! – one of the werewolves stops me unceremoniously.
– I need the toilet... – I groan with terrified face.
– You missed directions, girl – thug is chuckling abominably. – Go back to your place, you just be searched, and be sure that I will do it very deeply... – smiles lasciviously.

I’m going back on my place / 128
I run to the cockpit / 129
 
118. I made a decision – I want to live with Kay as his wife. I am convinced that as the King he will do a better job than I. It is true that the price for my decision is removing of our father, lured by me in a death trap, although it's unavoidable costs; painful, but necessary... We discuss details of the plan, and finally I'm going to invite my father.
At the farewell dinner.
Father opens the door and I kiss him on the cheek with a beaming smile.
– Father, eat dinner today with me and Kay, please. We have a plan which want to reveal you...

I want to start from the beginning / 1

119. – I think you lost your mind, my dear brother – I’m saying with a sneer. – You asking me not only for just leave my chance of a lifetime, but also for put the lives of the Nest’s inhabitants into danger because of your... suspicious machinations?! Is this how I need to act as the Queen? To be a puppet in the hands of this or that coterie, which, as I see, not only grows just now, but also are trying to impose their will?! That it not be, bro! I think it's time to inform the Inner Family about your conspiracy...
I must admit that he’s fast. As soon as I turn to the door, he rises in front of me. He spreads arms, putting on face a false mask of sorrow.
– I am very disappointed, Valerie. Really. I thought that you are able to look further than on the tip of your nose. And which good things were performed by the Inner Family, as you admit it so warmly? It abstain King selection for over a century, and during this time other Families expanded their hunting grounds, won and bred Herds, strengthened influences, formed new alliances. And we? We are just staying, trapped under the weight of an ancient tradition! But enough of that! I do not turn back from my path, and things had gone too far for me to let you stop them thoughtlessly. Your destiny against mine – let's see who is stronger!

Go to fight! / 106

120. Kay’s attack works for me like a red rag to a bull – I throw myself at him and in a moment begins deadly ballet of fast blows, dodges and parades. Luckily, Kay have wounded leg and it’s my advantage. Initial vigor leaves him quickly, movements become slightly slower and he begins to make mistakes. Again and again my claws catching him in hand and cheek. For a split second our eyes meet, and we both know that it's over. I pretend to blow his left hand, but Kay’s dodge is too slow and clumsy – he left his guard for a moment, and I’m exploiting this with no mercy. My arm moves like thunder and I’m digging claws straight into his heart! Kay shifts back, looking at me in disbelief, then rolls over like clockwork doll which suddenly ran out of energy...
I run out of the room without looking back. I do not think. I do not feel. I do not remember. I do not remember all the wonderful times we spent together. When did this happen? When idea of betrayal poisoned his heart, and finally led us... led me to this moment, when I run down the hall, swallowing tears of despair and grief?! Why he betrayed us all? Why he did it to… me?!

Next / 130

121. Enraged vampire attacks me without mercy. I'm trying to avoid his punches, but he is so sharp and fast! I get several blows in the head and abdomen, fortunately harmless. In a moment begins deadly ballet of fast blows, dodges and parades. Luckily, Kay have wounded leg and it’s my advantage. Initial vigor leaves him quickly, movements become slightly slower and he begins to make mistakes. Again and again my claws catching him in hand and cheek. For a split second our eyes meet, and we both know that it's over. I pretend to blow his left hand, but Kay’s dodge is too slow and clumsy – he left his guard for a moment, and I’m exploiting this with no mercy. My arm moves like thunder and I’m digging claws straight into his heart! Kay shifts back, looking at me in disbelief, then rolls over like clockwork doll which suddenly ran out of energy...
I run out of the room without looking back. I do not think. I do not feel. I do not remember. I do not remember all the wonderful times we spent together. When did this happen? When idea of betrayal poisoned his heart, and finally led us... led me to this moment, when I run down the hall, swallowing tears of despair and grief?! Why he betrayed us all? Why he did it to… me?!

Next / 130

122. Enraged and bleeding Kay looks like the incarnation of death. I’m fraying with the door, trying to get away from this damn room, pursued by his throaty, mocking laughter! Kay is a few meters away from me and pulls something out of his pocket.
This is the key!
– Is this you're looking for, honey? – asks grimly and throws me a key. I grab it and frantically trying to push into the lock. Does the key fit?! – After all these years spent together you are running away in panic just like a rat, terrified with perspective which I’ve opened before you! How sad! You are not grown enough to be not only a Queen, but also my wife! But what we talking about – you even haven’t heart to stand up with me to fair fight! If you feel up such fear, let me deliver you pain suitable for it...
In a panic I turn the key, and grab the handle – I want to get away, get away as soon as possible! I look over my shoulder and see him approaching. For a second he looks at me intently – and what I see in his eyes, the sadness and grief? – but then, without warning, he outputs a simple kick straight into my loins, breaking my spine. With last gaze, before fade of all light, I see long, silver knife in his hand.
And the tears trembling on his eyelids...

I want to start from the beginning / 1

123. I am hurt and flow of blood will weaken me in a moment so much that Kay will not have to do anything – he will just wait minute or two until I die! That bastard is acutely aware of this, so avoids the fight, observing my approaching death.
And that's exactly what I want.
I’m slowing down the pace, then lean against the wall, panting deeply. Kay pretends few blows, but I dodge awkwardly, demonstrating extreme weakness. There is, moreover, no bluff, a few minutes of crazy parades and intense fight almost completely exhausted me. "Almost" is, however, very big word, because when Kay comes closer, relaxed and smiled, getting ready for the final blow, my arm moves like thunder and I’m digging claws straight into his heart! Kay shifts back, looking at me in disbelief, then rolls over like clockwork doll which suddenly ran out of energy...
I run out of the room without looking back. I do not think. I do not feel. I do not remember. I do not remember all the wonderful times we spent together. When did this happen? When idea of betrayal poisoned his heart, and finally led us... led me to this moment, when I run down the hall, swallowing tears of despair and grief?! Why he betrayed us all? Why he did it to… me?!
Next / 130

124. – Stop immediately! Kay! KAY! – I'm mad at him and feel that whole situation moves me to cry. – Don’t you understand?! We need to talk!
For a long while I’m avoiding fighting and shouting at Kay, until I see that something begins to reach out to him. He holds attacks, but still keeps combat stance, ready for immediate return to the fight.
– Time of negotiations and discussions have already passed, dear sister – he says with irony. – You can accept or reject my proposal. I’ve clearly explained my rights, so there's no nothing to discuss. Are you with me or against me – choose!

I accept Kay’s proposal to join his conspiracy/ 131
I reject his proposal / 132

125. Enraged and bleeding Kay looks like the incarnation of death. I’m fraying with the door, trying to get away from this damn room, pursued by his throaty, mocking laughter! Kay is a few meters away from me and pulls something out of his pocket.
This is the key!
– Is this you're looking for, honey? – asks grimly and throws me a key. I grab it and frantically trying to push into the lock. Does the key fit?! – After all these years spent together you are running away in panic just like a rat, terrified with perspective which I’ve opened before you! How sad! You are not grown enough to be not only a Queen, but also my wife! But what we talking about – you even haven’t heart to stand up with me to fair fight! If you feel up such fear, let me deliver you pain suitable for it...
In a panic I turn the key, and grab the handle – I want to get away, get away as soon as possible! I look over my shoulder and see him approaching. For a second he looks at me intently – and what I see in his eyes, the sadness and grief? – but then, without warning, he outputs a simple kick straight into my loins, breaking my spine. With last gaze, before fade of all light, I see long, silver knife in his hand.
And the tears trembling on his eyelids...

I want to start from the beginning / 1

126. So they found me! With some difficulty I’m pushing aside heavy flesh of dead werewolf out from me and raise on my feet. Thugs move in my direction, baring their fangs. They are so self-confident that they do not pay attention to the elegant old woman which rises behind of the last werewolf passing her and in one smooth motion she stabs him in the neck with silver wire, removed from the manual needlework. Her victim howl shrill and the smell of burnt flesh mixes with the roar of surprised werewolves. One of them goes to attack my unexpected helper, while others occur to me from both sides, at front and rear of the plane, apparently preparing to simultaneous attack!

I’m going to help old woman / 133
I'm trying to get into the cockpit / 134
I'm fighting with werewolves / 135

127. Werewolves enjoy groping the girls, as searching for the medallion is here only a pretext… They are so self-confident that they do not pay attention to the elegant old woman, which rises behind of the last werewolf passing her and in one smooth motion she stabs him in the neck with silver wire, removed from the manual needlework. Her victim howl shrill and the smell of burnt flesh mixes with the roar of surprised werewolves. One of them goes to attack my unexpected helper, while others occur to me from both sides, at front and rear of the plane, apparently preparing to simultaneous attack.

I’m going to help old woman / 133
I'm trying to get into the cockpit / 134
I'm fighting with werewolves / 135

128. I sit on my place, looking at opponents. Werewolves enjoy groping the girls, as searching for the medallion is here only a pretext… They are so self-confident that they do not pay attention to the elegant old woman, which rises behind of the last werewolf passing her and in one smooth motion she stabs him in the neck with silver wire, removed from the manual needlework. Her victim howl shrill and the smell of burnt flesh mixes with the roar of surprised werewolves. One of them goes to attack my unexpected helper, while others occur to me from both sides, at front and rear of the plane, apparently preparing to simultaneous attack!

I’m going to help old woman / 133
I'm trying to get into the cockpit / 134
I'm fighting with werewolves / 135

129. I don’t want to wait for the fulfillment of this little gently proposal. I’m just passing thug by and heading to the cockpit. I need to force pilots to land as soon as possible, because werewolves will slay everyone here – me and other passengers. Beasts are so surprised by my move than nothing happens for a moment, but at last one of them advances to me, roaring furiously! They do not pay attention to the elegant old woman, which rises behind of the last werewolf passing her and in one smooth motion she stabs him in the neck with silver wire, removed from the manual needlework. Her victim howl shrill and the smell of burnt flesh mixes with the roar of surprised werewolves. One of them goes to attack my unexpected helper, while others occur to me from both sides, at front and rear of the plane, apparently preparing to simultaneous attack.

I’m going to help old woman / 133
I'm trying to get into the cockpit / 134
I'm fighting with werewolves / 135

130. I’m regaining self-control after a really long time... Reverse Conversion is extremely painful and unpleasant, as always when emotions burst my heart... Half hour later cab carries me to the airport. Clearance does not last long and after a few minutes I'm sitting in the plane, silently watching rest of the passengers. I wonder who from them is the Family’s agent? Several men notes my gaze and smiles encouragingly, but I haven’t even the slightest desire to establish any closer acquaintance. Knowledge about lethal dose of poison in my veins effectively spoiling my mood.
– I'm sorry, but this is my place – a grizzled man in a suit is waving ticket beneath my face. – You took my seat! I always sit at the window!
The guy screwed up, almost shouting and leaning over me! I’m looking at his ticket with composure – boor actually have right, my place is in the seat next to...

I give him in the face for inappropriate behavior / 88
Sit without a word on right place / 89
I call the stewardess to explain the situation / 90

131. I made a decision – I want to live with Kay as his wife. I am convinced that, as the King, he will do a better job than I. It is true that the price for my decision is removing of our father, lured by me in a death trap, although it's unavoidable costs; painful, but necessary... We discuss details of the plan, and finally I'm going to invite my father.
At the farewell dinner.
Father opens the door and I kiss him on the cheek with a beaming smile.
– Father, eat dinner today with me and Kay, please. We have a plan which want to reveal you...

I want to start from the beginning / 1

132. – You .. you... fucking traitor! – I scream in his face, fully enraged. Does he said it seriously?! – How dare you even submit me such proposals? Not all around are made from shit, like you! I'd rather die than betray Family and father!
– It could have be – Kay smiles, winking at me in an ironic gesture of intimacy, but also moves to me a little, as if preparing to attack. Ignoring a pulsating pain (oh, how the wound is bleeding!) I’m trying to be vigilant. – Always friendly, always well behaved, always so... suitable! It used even to admire in you, but in the end I could see that behind this wise-like mask does not hide anything at all. You are like a flock of sheep that will follow their guide into the abyss, because they’re trained to obey orders. This is kind of mindless, blind obedience, contrary to common sense and facts, which I hate most. However your sacrifice is futile and will no change anything ... You're obviously ready to defend your ideals to the death? In that case I have good news for you – this moment just arrived!

I’m going to attack! / 123
I want to get out of here!!! / 125

133. Help from unexpected ally surprised me at all, but it comes at the best time. I had a really no chance against four werewolves, but now it looks a bit better, however still not very rosy. One of the beast shows reflexes and, seeing what was going on, turns on his heel in the direction of a new threat, trying to take True Form immediately. It manages to make only partial transformation – I’m observing this process with fascination, than hand of even handsome guy’s turns into half-animal paw, covered with thick muscles, and tearing apart the sleeve of his jacket. Curved wolf claws hits straight into the throat of old woman, which falls between the seats, with blood flushing on her neck and breast.
But why her blood... is... blue?!

Next / 136

134. Way to the cockpit is blocked by approaching werewolves, so it's time to show a bit of creativity and sense of balance.... Without any delay I’m jumping on the back of the seat and rushing to the front of the plane, bouncing off between the heads of the passengers. Well, in normal circumstances I would receive ten million views on Youtube, but no one pays attention to me now. Maybe except werewolves, as one of them jumps over seats, trying to grab my ankle. I’m escaping him with graceful maneuver and wolvie-acrobat lands between the seats with painful noise. I hear his angry growl, but I have no time to wave him, as I'm already just next to pilot’s cockpit. And behind my back I hear the cry of the old woman.
I'm going to react on this sound!
I turn around and see my ally fighting against werewolf with use of her wire. Beast feels a clear respect for the piece of silver, dodging admittedly quick thrusts of old lady. In meanwhile another beast, who had already crawled out from between the seats, hush her from behind. This is a typical example of a tactic used by the werewolf horde – one of them provokes the victim and pulls her attention, while other is getting ready for a surprise attack. However, with use a kind of seventh sense woman feels a new threat and turns to face it. From scratches on her neck and hands spits blood, dripping on the floor of the cabin. Woman looks at me with pleading eyes over the head of werewolf. He’s transforming into it True Form and it’s absolutely clear that he will move to attack with his companion together just in next few seconds, but my thoughts are far away from this danger, as wonder about something very, very strange...
Why blood of this old woman... Her blood... is... blue?

I want to help the old lady / 136
I'm trying to get into the cockpit / 137

135. I need to resolve this situation quickly, because fight against two opponents at the same time will quickly exhaust my strength. The main thing is not to let them take the initiative! I’m lurking behind seats and jumping directly on one of the werewolves, grabbing him by the throat. He is surprised by my attack, but reacts rapidly, trying to go to the True Form. His face shrinks and extends, turning in a long, wolf's mouth covered with hair and full of long fangs. Common werewolf is incomparably stronger than a vampire, and now I feel like his mighty paw grip on my ribs. In a just few seconds he will tear me apart with his thick legs and sharp claws! No time for thinking, just react! I am shoving my fangs and biting his... big, wet nose! Beast jumps out from me, howling loudly. Fight is paused for a moment, and I have a little time to breathe and check the situation. Between me and the cockpit aren’t any enemies, so maybe...? Enraged beasts will hunt me for death, so it may be a last chance to speak with pilots!

No, I want to continue the fight and kill all bastards! / 138
I need to get into the cockpit / 137

136. I’m going to the werewolf, praying for reach him before he take full True Form and... I do! Gods – in which I do not believe – likes me today...
I bite my fangs into the neck of a monster, that under my lips turns into a thick knot of wolf muscles and tendons. But it's too late – my fangs had time to reach the spinal cord and break it. Werewolf limps in the moment like a rag doll, looking at me with yellow eyes, in which for the first time I see fear... He is paralyzed and completely harmless, so I could afford myself for sort of compassion, but I need to take care of his companion, who is not going to idly watch the whole scene…

Next / 139

137. I am checking doors to pilot’s cockpit, but they are closed! 
I can try to force them by strength, but... maybe simple knock-knock will be enough? I can also use an internal intercom, commonly at disposal of flight attendants, as the way to communicate with the pilots and make try to convince them to let me in.

I make an attempt to force door / 140
I knock gently / 141
I'm going to search for intercom / 142

138. Yes, the thought of fighting and complete destroying of these bastards is extremely tempting, but I can’t let the anger and rage overshadow me cold thinking. I'm just not to fight with the werewolves, but just to do the job. I was lucky until now, but I can’t still bet on same card – fight with enraged werewolves may ends up quickly in very unpleasant way...
I need to get into the cockpit!/ 137

139. I’m rushing on the last enemy, hoping that he’s REALLY the last one. And if other werewolves are still hidden among the passengers and will reveal their presence in most unpleasant moment? Maybe they’re watching the entire scene now and have a big fun before continuing this mad slaughter?!
“Don’t thing about this and focus on the last opponent” – I am rebuking myself. The werewolf stays on bent legs, apparently getting ready to jump on me over the old woman, which is still lying on the ground. I look at her briefly, and this scene takes my breath away! Wounds on her neck and hands are covered blue blood... Her pale face, surrounded by white hairs, slowly begins to change... Her features melt, soaking in the face like a soft dough, and then... I look in grizzled gray eyes of a man, who watches me carefully, and after a moment it turns into face of smiling, chubby girls, and then in the pimpled face of frightened teenager. Faces are changing faster and faster – green eyes, gray, blue and gold, prominent noses and Rome noses, freckles, warts, smooth skin models, pockmarked face of thug. Love, pain, dreaminess, irony and fear – until finally, with his last breath, there is nothing on a perfectly smooth blank, empty face...
Is eternity looks like that?

Next / 143

140. It is easier to said than do... I haven’t under hand anything that could be used as a temporary battering ram, and doors are closed from inside.

I knock gently / 141
I'm going to look for intercom / 142

141. Maybe I can just knock to the doors? This simple, nice gesture often opens a lot of them... Amazingly, it works also this time! After a moment the door slightly opens, and in the gap I see the little man in the pilot’s uniform. He is in complete disarray – he nervously stares once or twice on the passenger’s cabin, looking with panic at the bloodied seats and on the bodies lying in disorder around them.
– No, no, no, there's no entry for terrorists! – shouts to me with panic in his voice, and attempts to close the door. I block them without difficulty, then knocking back the terrified pilot and moving into the cockpit. I do not even have time to look around when I hear muffled roar at my back; the last surviving werewolf noticed my maneuvers and runs already in my direction, fast as released spring. I block the door at the last moment, as his body pounds on full speed in thick bulkhead, which separates me now from the passenger compartment. I hear that beast sniffs by a minute or so around a doors, then goes back to the rear of the plane.
I turn around; cabin is shrouded by darkness, dim light of indicators and control screens only draws the silhouettes of characters sitting in front of me. Nobody says a word, all four men look at me as if I fell to their cabins directly from another planet. I can only guess how I look, and rather I do not envy them this view...
I must calm them down at all costs, otherwise we all come to disaster. And get them to work!
– Gentlemen, an explanation will come later – I’m saying with calm voice. – We need to land immediately, because in a moment you’ll drive the flying hearse!

Next / 144

142. The nearest terminal intercom is located behind the bulkhead, which separates the entire passenger compartment on business and economics parts. Unfortunately, in order to get there I need to deal with survived werewolves. One of them is watching me from the other end of the cabin, waiting for my move, while second apparently hid somewhere between the seats. Upset by recent events, I can’t concentrate well enough to be able to locate it. The plane looks like after bomb explosion: floor and seats are spattered with blood, some of them are chewed and torn. On the floor lies a few motionless bodies, most of the passengers are huddled in their seats, deadly terrified, and only a few them were so lucky to lose consciousness.
I'm not on a sightseeing trip, and werewolves quickly recalls me back. One of the monsters lurks between the seats and surprisingly attacks me with a single blow, when I’m passing by his hideout! "You should be expected this, stupid bitch!", I slate myself in panic. Werewolf claws pierces deep into my thigh... Instinctively I bounce and fall back, dazed by severe pain. Beast straightens up to his full height, looking at me with contempt in yellow eyes. Exposing the soft underbelly he knows that I could use my sharp fangs to rip his abdomen. But I swirl in pain on the floor of the cabin, totally immobilized, and we both know perfectly well that I can’t do anything to him. I'd rather want a quick and instant death, but no – at first must be performed ritual of humiliation and contempt, which these animals rarely refuse themselves...
Next to werewolf I see the mouth of his companion; monster easily jumps over the seats and lands behind me. But why they not going to finish me?! Both werewolves stands over me and growling to himself, what appears to be a kind of grotesque discussion.
– Damn you, fucking monkeys! – I hiss through clenched teeth. I have no idea what to do, anger mixes with fear, injured leg pulses in monstrous pain, just fading my senses. I feel that I’m near the end...
I hear a soft click behind me. Cockpit door opens slightly and someone throws from the middle of the cabin two shiny balls, that falls on the floor with clang of metal, spreading around the clouds of colored smoke. A moment later I feel weak and... I guess... drifting....

Next / 145

143. Busy with mimic, I completely forgot about werewolves! One of them is watching me from the other end of the cabin, waiting for my move, while second apparently hid somewhere between the seats. Upset by recent events, I can’t concentrate well enough to be able to locate it. The plane looks like after bomb explosion: floor and seats are spattered with blood, some of them are chewed and torn. On the floor lies a few motionless bodies, most of the passengers are huddled in their seats, deadly terrified, and only a few them were so lucky to lose consciousness.
I'm not on a sightseeing trip, and werewolves quickly recalls me back. One of the monsters lurks between the seats and surprisingly attacks me with a single blow, when I’m passing by his hideout! "You should be expected this, stupid bitch!", I slate myself in panic. Werewolf claws pierces deep into my thigh... Instinctively I bounce and fall back, dazed by severe pain. Beast straightens up to his full height, looking at me with contempt in yellow eyes. Exposing the soft underbelly he knows that I could use my sharp fangs to rip his abdomen. But I swirl in pain on the floor of the cabin, totally immobilized, and we both know perfectly well that I can’t do anything to him. I'd rather want a quick and instant death, but no – at first must be performed ritual of humiliation and contempt, which these animals rarely refuse themselves...
Next to werewolf I see the mouth of his companion; monster easily jumps over the seats and lands behind me. But why they not going to finish me?! Both werewolves stands over me and growling to himself, what appears to be a kind of grotesque discussion.
– Damn you, fucking monkeys! – I hiss through clenched teeth. I have no idea what to do, anger mixes with fear, injured leg pulses in monstrous pain, just fading my senses. I feel that I’m near the end...
I hear a soft click behind me. Cockpit door opens slightly and someone throws from the middle of the cabin two shiny balls, that falls on the floor with clang of metal, spreading around the clouds of colored smoke. A moment later I feel weak and... I guess... drifting....

Next / 145

144. – Then sit back, Valerie – says one of the pilots, indicating free seat and pressing in my hand a glass of whiskey. – You have done well. For now do not say anything and do not ask for anything. In a moment we land, and then it will be time to explain.
I am so surprised by whole situation that just sitting without word. Another crew member opens doors for a moment and throws two shiny balls into the passenger compartment. I'm trying to focus and reach the senses deeper into the plane, but hear only a strange hissing sound like a rapidly expanding gas. Well, it seems that I’m safe here, so according to the command I sit quietly, sipping a drink and watching the pilots, which carry out their duties as if nothing had already happened. The plane is put in a soft turn, and after a time from surrounding us darkness, somewhere far below, emerges lonely, golden point. After a moment it turns into a regular row of lights to indicate the location of the runway. So this is airport! Airplane descends, apparently approaching for landing.

Next / 146

145. When I regain consciousness, I see faces emerging over me. I slowly awake and realize that I'm... in the cockpit. One of pilots, with tall dark raven eyebrows, raises me to my feet.
– You have done well, Valerie – says, pressing a glass of whiskey in my hand. – For now do not say anything and do not ask for anything. In a moment we land, and then it will be time for all explains.
– And... what about the passengers? – I asked, fearing the worst. Werewolves slay all passengers for sure, just to fill their bloodlust!
– They are safe – he opens the door to the cabin for a moment, allowing me to look inside. Everywhere I see a bodies lying around... – Little amount of gas helped us to lull everyone. Werewolves were a bit... hyperactive, so we had to intervene.
I am so surprised by whole situation that just sitting without word. Another crew member opens doors for a moment and throws two shiny balls into the passenger compartment. I'm trying to focus and reach the senses deeper into the plane, but hear only a strange hissing sound like a rapidly expanding gas. Well, it seems that I’m safe here, so according to the command I sit quietly, sipping a drink and watching the pilots, which carry out their duties as if nothing had already happened. The plane is put in a soft turn, and after a time from surrounding us darkness, somewhere far below, emerges lonely, golden point. After a moment it turns into a regular row of lights to indicate the location of the runway. So this is airport! Airplane descends, apparently approaching for landing.
Next / 146

146. The plane approaches to land softly and stops at the end of the runway. Deep, impenetrable darkness reigns around, lit only by small spotlights highlighting the runway. But something is strange here – why they are mobile?! I watch through the window as the lights moves, forming an extensive circle, and the single brilliance sheaves are focused at one point, illuminating it from all sides.
– Go, Valerie – dark haired pilot smiles. – They waiting for you... Your destiny is finally fulfilled.
Plane’s door opens and the emergency ramp is filled with the sound of compressed air, creating a convenient bridge to descend to the ground. Part of the light points breaks away from the circle and approaching the ramp, forming a row of light, which leads directly to the bright spot in the middle of the circle. In the distance looms black wall of quiet forest... Seems that I need to go to the circle.
But what if it's a trap?! What I need to do?

I'm going to circle of light / 147
I’m going back into plane, in the hope of receiving some clarifications from the pilot / 148
 
147. I’m carefully going down the ramp and then straight to lightened circle, in the lane of silent men. Each of them holds a small, but powerful reflector, and lance of penetrating light shows me direction. I breathe deeply with cold night air, saturated with the smell of wet earth and pine needles. In the center of the circle of light I see three silhouettes, I assume they are waiting for me. This is the decisive moment of my life, I know it... I can accept my destiny... or escape!

I come to the mysterious figures / 149
Run away! / 150

148. – Valerie, do not be a child... Just go already, they will explain you everything – says the pilot with kindly smile and pulls out a dagger, silvery shimmering in the glow of lights and screens. Following him other crew members are doing the same. I'm standing in front of a group of pilots and flight attendants, armed with silver knives and silver plated brass knuckles.
The situation is just ridiculous, but at the bottom of my heart I feel that he's right! If I want to regain control over my life and the destiny, I need to face my own demons and fears. Never ending escape would lead me to nowhere, and the worse is that to the end of my life I will accuse myself that have not used this unique opportunity...
I turn around and go outside, to a meet my destiny...

Next / 147

149. I'm in the circle of light, spotlights blinded me for a while, and when I regain my sight, I see before me... my father?! On the Gods, what's this all about?!
– It's not what you think, honey – father smiles at me indulgently, but with pride. – I admit that we prepared kind of… clever plan, but everything took place with the approval of the Inner Family. They wanted to make sure that you show courage, cunning and character, and will not afraid to put your own live at risk. Well, we count highly not only your personal skills, but also the desire to protect the Herd, even as small as a group of plane’s passengers on the plane. You are from my blood, if may say that! – The father comes and solemnly kisses me on the forehead.
– Well, and what about poison? How could you let this happen?! – I ask more and more angry. So all of this was a... big joke! This whole circus was prepared in advance, they just wanted to check me out!
– You do not think I would let allow to something like that? – The father looks at me with a clear distaste. – It was only properly tasteless liquid, which was prepared to convince you that you drank real poison and have a little time, which, consequently, could lead to incorrect decisions made under stress and lack of time. Pilots and flight attendants are our people, they bring the plane to an abandoned military base in Scotland, where currently we are – the father shows with a broad gesture the surrounding forests, which exactly not looks like jungle around Nairobi, where we were supposed to go. – But I must admit that werewolves on board were not our idea. Horde of Yellow Moon, our arch-enemies, somehow found out about your mission and decided to kill the future Queen on plane’s board. Fortunately we controlled the situation, recognizing it as a good test and training material for you. When things started to move in a dangerous direction, the crew knocked out all passengers with sleeping gas. Oh, and the whole story!
– So you know all about?! You ordered crew? I risked death for kind of... what? A... show?! – I’m straining through clenched teeth, trying to suppress my anger at all cost!
– Let's say that we’ve monitored the situation. We broke it when you proved Family that you can lead our society as the Queen, and when the danger of killing the whole Herd by werewolf was raised too high. We voted for candidacy and you was chosen by acclamation. Tomorrow we go back to the home and you will be crowned as Queen in presence of whole Nest!
I’m really stunned... Have I really won?! I hear the applause from all vampires standing around – the first, yet unofficial homage to the Queen…
But bag with surprises wasn’t empty yet...
– Let me introduce you to someone – says the father. Now I pay attention to someone standing next to him, to a tall, swarthy young man with the captivating eyes and a glorious mane of snow-white hair. – Here is Donovan, The Prince and the future King of friendly Masgarath clan, who rules from immemorial time a famous lands of the North.
– Who is it? – I ask instinctively.
– Your future husband – father smiles to me warmly. OK, he can count next point on his side, as I can’t even believe my ears: do I really marry legendary Prince of North?! – You will marry immediately after your coronation. Apart from a certain symbolism, of which is no sense discuss now, two such important events organized one after the other can...
I stop to listen to him, staring into the eyes of Donovan, blue like Norwegian sky... Vampire looks at me with sympathy and hugs me unexpectedly, kissing firmly and devotedly. I can feel my heart beating hard, as It was expected this moment from a long time...
After a moment I can finally catch breath, but Donovan kneels and kisses my hand in ceremonial gesture. From this moment I’m officially bride-to-be, and I... I have nothing against it!
A second later I see a man with a rifle, who, crouching among the trees, prepares for a shot. I want to shout, to warn, but it's too late...

End / 151
 
150. I throw myself to escape, running blindly into the darkness. I want to get away, as far from this place as possible! It is certainly a trap, this time the final and fatal. They not caught me up on the plane, so will finish their job now, among the spotlights and the excited, blood hungry crowd...
I run to the first trees already, when I hear the gunshot and a split second later a heavy projectile explodes in my skull.
It really was a trap or... I betrayed Family?

I'll try to start from the beginning / 1

151. Does the mysterious sniper shot will hit someone? And if so, who will get the bullet – Valerie or Donovan? Will the victim survive? And what about Coronation? What will happen next? All this you will learn in the second part of the adventures Valerie, titled "Revival of the Queen of the Vampires", now available in the shop where you bought this first part.


Welcome to FB profile: facebook.com/ myunfinishedstories
All newest stuff, including free copies and demo versions of books from “Unfinished Stories” genre, you will find on www.unfinished-stories.com
Please subscribe to newsletter available on site to receive regular bonus content, including demo and free versions of new books!

Questions? Comments? Ideas? Write to me: jessievaletta@gmail.com
