Vampire Dreams
Katherine X. Rylien

Copyright 2020 Katherine X. Rylien
Smashwords Edition


Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends.
This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes,
provided the book remains in its complete original form.

Acknowledgements
Many thanks to my editor, Karen MacLeod, for all her assistance and encouragement. 

Four of these stories were published previously in Margaret L. Carter’s fanzine, THE VAMPIRE’S CRYPT. “A Visit From Paulie”, “County Fair 2094”, and “Neverath” appeared there, along with an earlier version of “Into the Night” (“Chasing the Twilight”).

It would be impossible for me to revisit the Roger stories without remembering fellow author Suzanne Feld, who was surprised that I didn’t look more like Jennifer the first time we met in person.

Cover Art
Main cover image by Igor Link from Pixabay
Blood splatters from OnlyGFX.com
Cover font: BlowBrush by Petar Acanski
Contents


The Unicorn

The Gazebo Cycle:
Into the Night
Laila’s Tale

The Roger Chronicles:
In Residence
A Visit from Paulie
County Fair 2094

Beltane at the Headless Turtle

Neverath

The Unicorn
 
Griff thought the two little girls were as pretty as bright spring flowers. They looked fresh and new, with tiny jewels of water sparkling on their raincoats now that the sun was starting to emerge from the clouds. Their brown hair was neatly braided and fastened with fat worms of yarn, matching the raincoats, one being pink and the other, yellow.
He watched them come out of Samson's Family Grocery and Deli, then rose unsteadily from his seat on the bus stop bench, with its painted advertisement—Be more confident! Meet people! Ballroom, Waltz, Tap! More! Toni Duncan School of dance, couples and singles welcome.
"Hi, there!" His words were a magical incantation, with the power to stop the children in their tracks. The smaller girl drew back, alarmed. The older one held her ground, looking up at him curiously.
They must be sisters, Griff thought foggily. Those eyes… grey, wide, and fringed with dark lashes. Radiating fragile innocence.
"Excuse me." It was hard for him to concentrate, to speak clearly. It had gotten worse since he'd retired. His mind laughed at the lie, made a rhyme of it—retired, fired, can't get re-hired.
Perhaps he should just go home. He couldn't think of anything to say. The magic had failed him. But there were the two little girls, looking at him. They must be freezing! They had nothing on their legs but thin pastel stockings. What could their parents be thinking of? Griff imagined taking one child in each hand and putting them in the pockets of his big, baggy overcoat. They were such little girls. He pulled the coat more firmly around himself—it wasn't really that cold out, but the coat served to cover his tattered clothing, which he often forgot to wash or change. Drinking, stinking, muddles your thinking, his inner voice jeered.
"Would you like—" His words seemed to crystallize in the air, then shatter, sending fragments all over the street. Momentarily, he saw four little girls, two regarding him warily and sucking their thumbs, two with crossed arms and faintly superior expressions.
They were such pretty little girls. "Would you like to see a unicorn?" There, it was out; they would probably run away, as they’d been taught to do—and before long, the police would be around to see him. The thought filled him with fear, like a tightly coiled snake. He could smell sour sweat, breath stale with cigarette smoke, disinfectant, urine. Piss, abyss, give me a kiss.
"Bad!" The smaller girl protested in a shrill voice. Griff flinched. "Momma said not to, she said not!" She tugged at her sister's hand, trying to draw her away.
"It’ll be all right," the older girl replied in a reassuring tone. She turned to Griff. "Where's the unicorn?"
"In the park. It's not far."
The street was deserted after a late spring thundershower, but now that the rain had stopped, Griff wanted to get the two little girls out of sight before somebody came along. Pointing, prying, whisking them away from him. He led them into the park, then stopped behind a stand of trees to wait. The older sister was dragging the younger one down the darkly shimmering asphalt path.
"Where?"
"I'll show you." And he would, knew that he could. He could feel it. Stirring, rising from quiescence.
There was no one in sight, and now, there were trees and shrubs hiding the street from view. He would bring them to the log playhouse in the center of the park; that was where he'd show them the unicorn. He wouldn't ask them to touch it, or try to hurt them. He just wanted them to see.
They were dawdling, strolling along on their short legs as if time were of no importance, when someone could come along at any moment and interfere. He wished he could communicate his impatience to them.
Griff looked back over his shoulder, realizing they had stopped at a bend in the path, where a hollow in the land had allowed a temporary pond to form. The path itself was partially submerged. The older sister was crouched down on the ground, fishing for something in the pocket of her raincoat. As Griff watched, she opened her hand and allowed whatever had been in her pocket to fall into the grass, then looked up and him and smiled.
"Mister, the unicorn's over here. Come and see."
"No." But he felt as if a magnetic force were dragging him back toward the two girls. He submitted to it reluctantly. "No, this way."
"Look, see what we have."
The younger sister's cheeks were damp with tears. "Momma said not to, Ree. I want to go home." The older girl ignored her. Griff knelt on the soggy ground, and looked at her collection of—what were they, marbles? They appeared to be made of glass. No two were alike; some were clouded, others, brilliant and luminescent. The colors ranged from soft and translucent to violent swirls that clashed painfully. He reached out to touch one. Perhaps if he scooped the marbles up with his hands, the girls would follow him further on down the path that led to the playhouse.
The older sister caught his hand, still smiling. He felt an excitement as potent as old wine. 
"Look. There!" With her free hand, she pointed—and standing in the water there was a stilt-legged pony, no, a unicorn, its delicately spiraling horn resembling the iridescent shell of a snail. The animal's coat was white and the mane, insubstantial as sea foam, caught the light with pale pink and aqua and violet highlights. The eyes were dark, unfathomable rips in the fabric of reality. Griff found himself unable to move as the unicorn approached him.
When it stood at arm's length from him so that he had to strain his neck to look up into those eyes, it bent its head as if in benediction and touched the tip of its horn to Griff's forehead.

"Bad, bad, bad," Chrissy kept repeating. She had her hands stuffed into her pockets, and wouldn't look at the old man. 
Maria picked up her stones from the ground, and poured them back into her pocket, where they clinked together gently. "It's okay, Chrissy. We'll go home now."
"You shouldn't of done it. Momma said!"
"We don't have to tell her." Maria reached toward the man's face—he had fallen on his back, legs in an untidy tangle, mouth hanging open in an expression of wonder—and plucked the twin jewels from their pools of blood and fluid, already congealing in the chill air. The jewels weren’t big enough to fill the eye sockets, so it was not hard to work her fingers underneath to lift them out. When she turned away, a pink-tinted tear rolled down the old man's temple.
Maria washed the new stones in the pool of rainwater beside the path. The matching orbs were muddy yellow, marbled with brown, and they were warm in her hand even after the shock of the cold water. She slipped one into her pocket, and offered the other to her sister. Chrissy reached out to take it. A hesitant smile finally lit up her face.

Into the Night

Lena found herself alone in the women’s room of the rest stop, something of a miracle, even at five A.M. ‘Five A.M. in the morning,’ her mother used to say, and her father would always respond by pointing out the redundancy. Such are the mundane details that define people’s lives, but not hers, not anymore. For better or worse.
She looked at her reflection in the mirror. Do I really look that pale? Probably just the lighting, harsh and flattering to nobody. She checked again to be sure she was alone, loosened the filmy scarf around her neck, and gently ran her fingers over the fading marks there. This brought a smile to her face, improving the appearance of her reflection somewhat.
Leo. Leo Ranenewitz. She had met him at one of those staid, boring evening socials connected with her husband’s job. This one had not been so boring, though, not at all. This one had changed her life forever. For better or worse.
Leo. Unremarkable name, unremarkable in appearance. Tall and slender, but not unusually so; apparent age, anywhere from forty to mid-fifties. Although he told her later that he was older than that. Much older.
How could she explain it, even to herself, what had happened that night? The first time she saw him, there had been something like a shock of recognition. Yet, she was sure she’d never seen him before. They talked, briefly. Such a strange conversation. He asked her if she ever went out into her suburban backyard at night; if she sat there and looked at the stars. She mentioned their gazebo. “Ten O’clock, tomorrow night,” he said, seemingly out of context, but they shared a smile of secret understanding. Then, he turned away, reaching for the table where he’d set his nearly-full wine glass a few moments ago, picking up one that was almost empty, as if by accident. He wandered off without looking back at her.
But he came to her, and they embraced, under a cloudy sky with no stars or moon to alleviate the darkness. They didn’t talk much, that first time. Not like later on. He held her close and said, “Whatever you’re expecting, this will probably be different. Do you want me to explain?”
Her heart was pounding. “Just kiss me.” And he did, although not on her mouth. 
Before he left, he asked, “Next week, around the same time?”
She nodded, wondering if he could see well enough in the dark to pick up the gesture, thinking quite possibly he can. She could feel the hair on her scalp trying to stand up, although the evening air was warm. Her mind was still coming to terms with what had just happened, trying to process it. Just in case, she added, “I’ll be here.” He pressed her fingers to his lips for a moment and vanished, silently, into the night.
Lena took to warning scarves and turtlenecks, although the marks didn’t really look like anything. They were barely visible. She felt as though she were branded in her strangeness, her difference, now, from those who she’d once thought of as being more or less like herself. What would they say, any of them, if they knew the full truth about her secret lover? Vampire. Sometimes she said it out loud, when she was alone, and laughed a little. Sometimes she wondered if she had gone mad and was imagining all of it.
When she came to bed at night wearing a gown that left the marks in plain view, Mike didn’t seem to notice anything new. Or if he did, he didn’t say. Once, she imagined saying, “Oh, that? I’ve been meeting a vampire in the gazebo.” She let out a snort of laughter at the thought, drawing an inquiring look from her husband. She kissed him briefly on the lips, then turned away, not wanting it to turn to intimacy. She didn’t want that, not with him, not anymore. No great change. It had become rare enough already as they moved into their forties, passing the point where they had been married half their lives, and together longer than that. She still loved him in an abstract way, and as far as she could tell, he felt the same.

Lena was shaken from her reverie when the door to the women’s room whooshed open, around a tiled corner and out of sight. She waved her hands under the faucet to wet them again, and rubbed her face. Nobody came into the room, but she could hear shuffling and muted voices. She was not concerned. It seemed to her that if this journey ended badly, it wouldn’t be a crazy man or a drugged-up woman with a knife that would be her downfall. She’d moved sideways into a stranger world than that. While she knew that ordinary dangers still posed the same threat as they ever had, she felt no fear as she dried her hands and face, dropped the paper towel neatly into the trash, and walked toward the exit. The young woman who was trying to shepherd two small children into the room looked up at her with an apologetic smile. Lena held the door for her.
She sank down into the driver’s seat of the unfamiliar car, locked the door, and closed her eyes. Just for a moment, she promised herself. And found herself thinking that she might have gone on indefinitely, the way things were. Meeting Leo and talking late into the night, enjoying the cool touch of his hand enfolding hers as they sat close together after that strange and passionate embrace, which Leo called intimacies of the blood when he spoke of it at all.
Then came the night when he told her he was going far away, that he would not be back. Her heart felt as if it were in free fall when he pulled her close and whispered, “You can come with me if you like. It’s up to you. But if you choose that, you can never come back here. You would be dead to them, do you understand? Worse, you would be vanished without a trace. You could leave them a note, and that would be the last they’d ever hear from you. I’m sorry it has to be this way. I know this will be a difficult choice for you.” He released her and stepped away, his face in shadows. “I’ll be back here next week, at our usual time. If I don’t find you out here, I will understand. Meet me here if you will, and if you decide to stay, we can say our goodbyes. If you want to come away with me, and leave behind everything you know, we can discuss those plans.”
He laid one palm against her cheek for a moment, then stepped out onto the neatly trimmed grass. The moon was bright that evening. She could see his face clearly when he turned to look at her. She stood in deep shadow, but no longer doubted that he could see hers as well. He turned away and walked off toward the patch of woods between the properties. He hadn’t kissed her hand the way he usually did when they parted, and she had the feeling he did not believe she would choose him. She felt numb.
The next week passed strangely for her, seeming to drag on forever. More than once, Lena found herself wondering if he would even come back. He will, he promised. There was still a part of her that wondered if it was all some wonderful, terrible dream. Those marks, they could be anything. The shiver of sensitivity when she brushed them with her fingertips? All part of the delusion. But for the most part, she knew better.
Three children. Her firstborn was married now, and settled into a good job. Then her daughter—and secret favorite—away at college and doing well. And the baby, taller than her, now, applying to colleges with grades and SAT scores that would give him a range of choices. She and Mike had agreed, they were lucky. Out of three, no real problem child, no serious mental issues, drug addiction, or jail time. Laila had, perhaps, escaped the curse of the invisible middle child because she was the only girl.
Mike, her husband. Funny, affectionate, if somewhat absorbed in his work. Smart but down-to-earth. Her high school sweetheart, still married after more than two decades in spite of the odds. Until now. The big house, the cars, the tropical vacations and the investment portfolio. They were far from rich, but they were comfortable. Happy? She would have said they were happy. Blessed. She was not religious, but would cheerfully have accepted that term. Before.
None of it compared to Leo’s kisses in the darkness. The sharp sting, followed by ecstasy. Was it just the pleasure? Was she as shallow as that? No, something far deeper; something she could not put into words. She was about to shatter the charmed circle the five of them had formed—six now, with Robbie’s wife Cassidy, a lovely young woman who was hoping to give her a grandchild soon. A child she would never meet or even know about, now.
Lena had composed the note a hundred times in her mind, a dozen times on paper, writing by hand and shredding the discarded drafts. Finally, no more than Mike, I’m leaving. I’m sorry to tell you like this, but it’s for the best. I love you and you’ve done nothing wrong. It’s me, I’ve met someone, I don’t know how else to say it. Don’t try to find me. Much love to you and the kids. I wish you the best, and will miss you, but this is goodbye. 
She’d signed it with just her first name, and saw that she’d written it with the careful, rounded characters she’d used as a teenager, rather than the more angular script her signature had evolved into over the years. This was the way she’d written when she’d practiced writing Lena Harrison instead of Lena Torborg, long before it was actually true. Good enough. She thought of writing a separate note to the library, but Nanette would figure it out. She liked Nanette, and would miss her, too. But the library was easy, compared to her family.
She put the note into the small suitcase she’d packed, on top of the few things that were worth bringing along. Everything was in readiness when she went out to the gazebo for their final meeting there. For all she knew, he meant to take her away that night. She stood there, too restless to sit, and clasped her hands to her chest when she saw him walking out of the trees, across the moonlit lawn. Then she held her arms out to him, and saw from his expression that no words were needed. She said them anyway: “I want to come with you.”
His smile was radiant on his ordinary face, but he was businesslike at first, telling her the plan. “I could drive you, or send a car, but I want to be certain. In my own mind, and in yours. This has to be your choice. I will leave a car and some documents for you. False ID, credit cards, for the journey. A map showing where you’ll need to drive. It will take more than one day. You will need to stay in a hotel. You can do this?”
“Of course.” She was a little amused by the question.
“Three days from now, on Wednesday, a white car will be parked in front of your house. Everything else will be in the glove compartment. Don’t take any of your own credit cards. That life is done. Someone will leave the key in your mailbox, by day, and ring the doorbell. They’ll be gone before you come to the door. You should leave immediately, once that happens. Do you have any questions?
“No. I feel like I’m in a spy movie.”
“Your life will be very different than what you’ve grown accustomed to. This is what you want? You are quite sure?”
“Yes. It’s what I want.”
When they parted company he gave her a long kiss on the mouth, which was something he didn’t usually do. She parted her lips and could taste a faint trace of her own blood.

She opened her eyes, and saw the woman with her two children coming out of the restroom. Had she been sitting these that long, lost in her own thoughts? Perhaps she should have slept longer, in her hotel room. There was no rush. But she’d been eager to be on her way. Could you actually feel a hunger to share your blood, was that really possible? 
Of course it was. Lena smiled, and started the engine. Soon. I’ll be with him again, soon. Her heart soared at the thought as she turned away from the rising sun, and drove on.

Laila’s Tale

My name is Laila Harrison, and I am 57 years old. I have a necklace that belonged to my mother, for which I have no explanation. The world is a stranger place than we realize.
I made a shrine to my mother’s memory, all the best photographs of her that I could find, in a leaded glass frame shaped like a cross. I’m not religious, but when I saw it in the local antique store, I knew it was perfect for the project. It seemed the most provident find, though not so remarkable as the one that would come later. No, and I’ll get to that.
My mother, Lena, disappeared when I was 23. I didn’t create the shrine until more than three decades later. I started it after my father died. I didn’t need a shrine for him; there were so many memories, and we already had pictures of him on the walls of our house. But I barely remembered what my mother looked like. It would have been awkward to display all those photos of her while Dad was still alive, because was bitter about her leaving, and didn’t like to be reminded.
Apparently, she left him for another man. He tried to find her, if only because he had a few things to say. He wanted a legal divorce, at least. My father had resources, and spent considerable time and money on the search, but she was gone. In my heart, I always believed she was dead. And now? I don’t really know anymore, to be honest.
I never resented her desertion the way Dad did. I figured she’d been tricked by an evil man, and had come to a bad end. If she’d made a mistake, she’d paid dearly for it. Another female victim of male violence. So I built my shrine, and memorized her face, particularly as she’d been just before she vanished. The place of honor in my display featured the last photo of the two of us, fortunately a good one, taken by Dad when I was home from college for the weekend. In a way, the shrine was about mourning him, as well.
In that last photo, she was wearing a nice blue dress, impeccably groomed as always, me in a T-shirt and jeans with messy hair. Standing with our arms around each other, next to a flowering lilac bush, in front of the gazebo in our old back yard. 
Once the shrine was complete, I would stand, gazing at it, waiting for creative inspiration to strike. After a while, I decided to paint her portrait. I studied the photos with a more analytical eye, dragging out all the other old pictures that showed her with different expressions, from different angles, since I lacked a living model.
So, in spite of all the years that had passed, I knew my mother’s face; knew it very well, on that night when Sandy and I went to that charity event at the art museum. Sandy, my beautiful wife, elegant in heels and sequins, me trying without success to match her seemingly effortless grace. She’s a banker, like my dad. Yeah, in a sense you could say I married my father, the female edition anyway.
Feeling short and unstylish in my flat heels, awkward in my dress, I was paying more attention to the paintings than to the people at the event. I love the museum, but I hate crowds. I only went because I knew it would make Sandy happy, and because it was to raise money for art scholarships. I did scan the sea of faces from time to time, hoping to spot someone I knew. Then I saw the woman who looked just like my mother.
Just like her. If she were still alive, of course, she’d be much older, and I might not even recognize her. No, this woman looked the way Mom had around the time of her disappearance. Perhaps a bit younger. She had that same golden hair, which people often assumed was dyed unless they noticed the scattering of silvery gray. Mom wore her hair short most of her life, although photos of her as a girl showed it longer. This woman had long hair, piled on top of her head and held with jeweled combs.
She wore a silvery sheath dress that flattered both her slender figure and her pale complexion. Scandinavian, I thought, studying those cheekbones. My mother’s cheekbones. I was looking at her in profile, thinking that the resemblance would fade when I saw her from a different angle.
Perhaps she felt my gaze. She turned to look at me, and the resemblance only grew stronger. When she met my eyes, I knew the only courteous thing to do was to smile, and look away. But I couldn’t. It was her. It couldn’t possibly be, yet it was. Mother. My lips might have mouthed the word, but I’m certain I made no sound.
Her expression, at first, was the inquisitive what-are-you-staring-at that you might expect, seasoned with a touch of good humor, resting on a bedrock of deep self-confidence. Slowly, it changed to one of utter shock. It made her look older, though nowhere near 76, which would be my mother’s age if she were still alive.
She was standing with a man, around her own age, maybe a little older. Tall and thin, with the kind of face that blends into the crowd. Not anyone I had ever seen before. She broke eye contact and turned away, leaning against his shoulder, seeming almost to collapse against him. He bent down to speak with her, putting an arm around her, their backs to me as they walked into the next room.
I spent the rest of the party wandering from one room to another, pretending to study the artwork, looking for her. I was obsessed with the thought of getting close enough to her to see if there were strands of silver in that golden hair, proving it was no dye job. But she was gone. Vanished without a trace.
None of that would be preying on my mind if that was the end of it. Everybody has a double somewhere, probably some distant, unsuspected cousin. Perhaps I had reminded her of someone as well. Hell, given the age difference and the evident genetic similarity, maybe I was the living image of her dead mother.

I had put it all out of my mind, the way we do with those odd little incidents we really can’t explain, when I found the necklace. I woke up one morning, a few days after the charity thing, and there it was on my dresser. Sandy and I each have our own, a matching set, on either side of the bed like a pair of big old bookends. Hers is neat and tidy, mine not so much so, but I knew damn well the necklace hadn’t been there the night before.
I was still half asleep, looking without quite daring to touch it. Sandy was just about ready to leave for work, lost in her own thoughts, probably mistaking my shock and confusion for my normal morning muzziness. With a waft of subtle and expensive perfume, she gave me a quick kiss on that sensitive spot just below my ear and headed off to start her day, heels clacking on the hardwood floor.
Two things kept running through my mind: It had not been there last night. It hadn’t. And: It was my mother’s necklace, big flat beads carved from bone by some Inuit artist, acquired on a trip to Alaska during her youth. Some of the beads were shaped like seals. It was a clunky thing, quite distinctive. It had been promised to me, the only girl, but mother always said I’d have to wait until she was gone to have it. Then, she’d taken it with her on that day. I hadn’t thought of it in years.
Finally, I picked it up. When I first saw it, I felt afraid, even violated. Someone had entered our bedroom while we slept. But we hadn’t been harmed; if harm was the intent, it would have been done. And, besides. Besides.
I unscrewed the clasp, also made of bone. It had a finely threaded metal peg implanted into one side. Just as I remembered. I put it on, slipping it under the collar of my nightshirt. It felt cool and familiar, after all these years, like the times I tried it on as a girl. I began to cry. Tears ran down my face, and I made no attempt to wipe them away, or to stop.

I wear the necklace a lot. Sandy only mentioned it once; I just told her it had been my mother’s, and had turned up when I was going through some old things. I’ve kept very few things from her in the course of our marriage, but how could I tell her about any of this? What would I say?
I made a point of wearing it when we got together with my brothers and their families for Thanksgiving. I don’t know what I was hoping for. Neither of them even noticed it. Even after Rob’s wife, Cass, gave me a compliment on it, asking if I’d made it. When I said it had been Mom’s, Connor flinched. The youngest, and still at home when she left, he had shared Dad’s view of the whole business. I think the two of them came to hate her more than a little. I couldn’t have discussed the whole business with him, anyway; he was like Dad, like Sandy. Rational to the bone. 
I could have seen myself opening up to my big brother about it, particularly if it was just the two of us and a bottle of wine. If Rob had looked over at me, at the necklace, maybe with an unspoken question in his eyes, I might have looked for an opportunity to follow up with him later on. But he seemed completely absorbed in some rambling story about high school sports rivalries being told to him by Connor’s younger boy, Trevor. And how could I have explained about the necklace, in any way that made sense to him, when I couldn’t figure out what to think of it myself?
On warm summer nights, I wear Mom’s necklace when I sit out in our gazebo. I had that built in our back yard, because I’d loved the one we had behind the house where I grew up. It makes me feel connected to my past. All the childhood memories, most of them good, all of them precious. 
It’s been over a year, and nothing else has happened that connects to any of this. Whatever it was, I guess it’s over and done. But sometimes I sit out there at night and look at the stars, and think about how strange the world can be, and how there are so many things in it that we will never really understand.

In Residence

Jennifer Meyers lay in the darkness, staring up at the ceiling of her new bedroom, which was faintly illuminated by the light coming under the door. Sleep felt as far out of her reach as her former home in Chicago. Moving out into the country had been her dream for many years. The city had been so noisy, the lack of peace and quiet a constant source of irritation.
She'd decided the first time she saw the old farmhouse that it was perfect for her. It was surrounded by acres of tall grass and young forest. The house was four times the size of her apartment, at a third the monthly rent. But it had noises of its own, alarming ones, rather than merely annoying. 
It’s settling. Old houses settle, boards creak back into place. That’s all it is. But there, that sounded like footsteps. Someone on the stairs. Deliberate, heavy footfalls, as if designed to get her attention. She turned on the light and picked up the Glock she’d set on the floor next to her mattress. She’d been so busy setting up her studio that she hadn’t even put the bed frame together.
Feeling as if she were auditioning for a police drama, she crept to the door, holding the gun. Tall for a woman, with a heavy, muscular build, Jennifer was stronger than some of the men she knew. The charts published in fitness magazines told her she was overweight for her height. At fifty-three, she found herself less concerned about that with every passing year. Her work as a sculptor, working primarily with metal, kept her in shape. 
More footsteps, just outside her bedroom door. Fear turned to anger, and she slid the heavy-duty bolt open. It hadn’t been there when she’d moved in, three days earlier, but she’d installed it after that first night. Her finger was on the trigger of the Glock. Somebody had once told her not to do that, not until she knew what she was going to shoot. She was beyond caring. She threw the door open. 
Nothing. Nobody. The hall light was already on, so she would have seen them. There had been no sound of anyone scurrying away across the old wooden floor. She shut the door.
With a deep, shaky breath, Jennifer slid the bolt closed, and put the gun down. The sounds were real, but perhaps it was all a recording, played through hidden speakers. She could almost swear she’d felt the vibration of those footsteps, as well as hearing them. But she was willing to believe that part had been her imagination.
When she turned out the light, the sounds resumed. It was a long time before she fell asleep, and her dreams were troubled.

She woke around noon, feeling parched and lethargic. Downstairs, she checked the chain on the front door. It was a bright day. In her fogged mental state, the cheerful sunlight seemed to illuminate a profound, insubstantial darkness. She went into the kitchen, realizing she had a pounding headache. It was not that she’d acquired it at that moment; she'd probably had it ever since she woke up. How, she wondered, could she have not noticed the painful throbbing in her temples?
The chain was in place on the back door, as it had been in front. The bolt that secured the door to the basement, where she’d set up her welding equipment, was closed and undamaged. As Jennifer turned to prepare some coffee, she saw the dead squirrel in the sink.
There was no question of the animal having gotten in somehow, and died on its own. It had been ripped into several bloody pieces. She looked at it, feeling sick, and afraid. But vindicated. No recordings, no nervous city-dweller’s imaginings. She went upstairs and got her gun, shoving it into the waistband of her jeans. She had a holster, somewhere, in one of these boxes. Until recently, she hadn’t touched the gun in years.
Perhaps I should call the police. But she wouldn’t. Over a squirrel? They would laugh. They would call her ‘honey’ and tell her not to worry. I’ll deal with him myself, whoever the hell he is. He, or they. At least the poor rodent hadn’t been killed in her kitchen. Not enough blood. Maybe it was just roadkill, arranged for effect. Nothing more than a sick prank. Probably kids. If so, she didn’t intend to shoot them, but she’d give them a scare of their own.
But how were they getting in? She’d secured the windows, upstairs and down. Those that didn’t have good latches, she’d nailed. Her landlord could go to hell if he didn’t like it, and he could take her security deposit with him. He could’ve told me there was a problem. Warned me. When the neighbor boy had stopped by on her first day in town, to let her know he was available for odd jobs, he’d mentioned that the place was supposed to be haunted. It had been the first she’d heard about it. She’d laughed.
Perhaps that boy is doing this. Or the landlord. At that point, Jennifer suspected everybody she’d met. People in the neighborhood were friendly, going out of their way to greet her. Which of them was hiding a sick sense of humor behind that countified charm?
As she checked the windows, she had a chilling thought. Perhaps her tormenter wasn’t getting in. Or out. Gun in hand, she began searching for a hiding place. The only possibility she found was an odd door under the attic stairs. But it couldn’t be reached. The steps were only horizontal treads, with no risers. Looking between them, she could see a space underneath the stairway, inaccessible because it was only as wide as the stairs themselves. The door was barely visible because it was at an oblique angle to her, being on one of the long sides of the narrow area of dead space, and because it was constructed of the same wood as the surrounding wall.
She trained her flashlight on the door. Jennifer had a good mental picture of the layout of the house. It seemed to her, at first, that the door was set into an outside wall, a dozen feet above ground level. Exceedingly strange. Then she remembered the sun porch in front of the house. Of course, the door must lead to a crawl space beneath its roof.
She shook her head at the quirk of design that had provided such a door but made it impossible to use it without removing half the attic stairs. She shook each of the steps to be sure they were solid. It seemed unlikely anyone was hiding in there. She continued up the stairs to the attic itself. It was big and unfinished, empty except for a few boxes stacked against one wall. They were too small to have hidden even a child, but she searched them anyway. Nothing but some old clothing that looked, and smelled, as if it hadn’t been touched in decades.

Returning to the front room, she tried to shake off the feeling that something in the stillness resented her presence. She remembered how enchanted she’d been with that big room when she’d first seen it, full of light and air. Like a chapel.
Sure. For the worship of the devil. She had to get out of there for a few days. Before she went crazy.
From the basement, she took what little finished work she’d managed to produce. Nothing but those metal tree branches, with the leaves burnished by the cutting torch. So boring. But they sold. Not enough of them to justify a trip into the city, but she needed to see people she knew, people she trusted.
Jennifer spent two days at the home of a friend in her old neighborhood, but made no mention of the odd sounds, or the squirrel. Because as soon as she hit the city limits, those things ceased to seem real. Another friend, who owned a gallery, had good news; one of her larger abstract pieces had sold for over a thousand dollars. Her mood was ebullient for the rest of the day, which she spent prowling junkyards for odd items that fired her imagination—bits of machinery she couldn’t identify, but which would serve, splendidly, as the starting point for new projects.
The bed of her truck full of possibilities, Jennifer headed back to her new home, fantasizing about exclusive showings and her name on the covers of certain magazines. And never again having to make another spray of leaves, or a sailboat, to hang on the wall of any of the gift shops that provided the bulk of her income. 
When she pulled into the driveway, she saw all her belongings, stacked on and around the front porch. Her things hadn’t been arranged with any great care, but nothing seemed damaged. She unlocked the door, only to find that the chain was fastened. Furious, she went back to the truck and got out the tire iron. She held the door open with her foot and struck the chain as hard as she could. Two blows were sufficient to rip it from its mounting on the frame of the door.
"A lot of protection that would have been," she muttered.
 Still carrying the tire iron, she once again searched the house from top to bottom. She spent the rest of the day bringing her belongings back inside. It had been a long drive, and she was tired, but the sky looked as if it might let loose with a thunderstorm at any minute. 
The situation was becoming intolerable. She would have to call the police. Tell them about the squirrel. Maybe I should have saved it. I have nothing to show them. I’m new in town. What if they decide I’m the crazy one?
Jennifer decided to think about it in the morning. A good night's rest would leave her a lot more capable of dealing with the whole mess. Her mind had a way of coming up with inventive solutions to almost any problem if she gave it time, and didn't think about it too much on a conscious level. To supplement the bolt on the door, she pushed a chair under the doorknob. She made sure her gun was within easy reach.
It seemed to her she had no sooner fallen asleep than she was awakened by a low rumbling noise, like a growling dog. It sounded as if it were coming from inside the room. She reached for her Glock. Once it was firmly in her grasp, she turned on the bedside lamp.
A pale, unhealthy-looking individual was standing at the far end of the room. Her first impression of the intruder was that he strongly resembled the sort of juvenile punk that hung around on street corners back in the city, looking for someone to intimidate.
 Then he snarled at her. His face had such a look of inhuman savagery that it didn’t even register on her at first that his eyeteeth were considerably longer and sharper than those of any normal person.
He took a step toward her, teeth bared and a low, almost subsonic growl reverberating from his throat. She fired the gun almost reflexively. The bullet hit her intended target, stitching a small dimple into his oversized sweatshirt, but he didn’t give any sign that he noticed. She fired again. The stranger, apparently unaffected by the two bullets that had struck him in the chest, picked up the chair Jennifer had pushed against the door and hurled it at the window. He missed, and it hit the wall with a thunderous crash.
He vanished. It didn’t happen all at once; first he grew translucent, and the growling became fainter, before he disappeared altogether from sight and sound.
Jennifer sat pointing her gun at the place where he’d been, her hands shaking. But her mind was calm. She’d never believed any of her grandmother’s tales, but had listened anyway, because they were entertaining.
A vampire. Granny had claimed that she’d lived next door to one for years, back in Germany. She’d gone into such detail about his habits, the young Jennifer had sometimes forgotten how fantastical the story was. 
 
When the sun was fully up, she got her crowbar and pried three steps from their places on the narrow attic stairway. It took considerable courage for her to crawl through the gap she had created, into the space beneath the stairs. She sat there with the beam of her flashlight illuminating the waist-high door, terrified to open it. There was something in there. She could feel it.
Jennifer looked at the door for what seemed like a long time, half-expecting it to open. She felt dizzy with fear, heart and lungs laboring as if she were running at top speed. 
She reached for the door, and pushed it open.
The space inside was long and narrow. The roof, highest along the wall that contained the door, slanted downwards until it met the floor at an oblique angle along the other long side of the crawl space. Once inside, she found the roof was too low, even at its highest point, for her to stand up.
She could detect a peculiar odor, one she was sure she’d never encountered before. There were dozens of mildewed draperies and curtains stuffed under the low part of the roof, like the nest-lining of some giant rodent. The rest of the floor was cluttered with an odd assortment of things; faded letters, silverware, a clock, a broken porcelain chamber pot, assorted clothing.
Jennifer found she couldn’t really see the half of the crawl space that lay to her left without closing the door. Once she had done so, she felt trapped and claustrophobic. The air seemed to hold a damp electric charge. She jerked the flashlight around the room, feeling as if something were watching her from the shadows.
She froze, training the beam of light on the far end of the crawl space. There was a body there, curled loosely into a sleeping position. She recognized him as her uninvited visitor from the night before. He showed no signs of life. After watching his chest for a few minutes, Jennifer concluded he wasn’t breathing.
The vampire didn’t look particularly intimidating at the moment. She was at somewhat of a loss as to what she ought to do next. The traditional method of dealing with such a creature, she knew, was to kill it by driving a wooden stake through its heart. But Jennifer didn't think she could do it. The vampire looked like a sleeping child. He didn't have any shoes on; in fact, he was wearing a pair of pajamas.
No, that was out of the question. But she didn’t mean to let the vampire continue disturbing her sleep and her possessions. She had the upper hand, and intended to use it. That had been Grandma’s philosophy on dealing with what she called ‘the undead’; you had to be firm with them, and tolerate no nonsense.

Jennifer slept most of the day, but made sure to set her alarm clock for well before sundown. When it rang, she had some dinner and a shower. She wasn’t looking forward to going back up there. It would still be light for an hour or so, but what if the vampire woke up a little early? He might not take kindly to having his secret room invaded.
She lit her acetylene torch, which she'd dragged up two flights of stairs, before opening the door under the attic stairway. She’d left the gun behind, since it had already proved ineffective.
The vampire didn’t appear to have moved since she'd found him some hours earlier. She sat with her back against the door, torch in one hand and flashlight clamped clumsily between her knees, pointed in his general direction. With her other hand, she reached into her shirt and pulled out her grandmother's silver crucifix. She had felt rather silly putting it on; she'd suspected the vampire would see it and laugh. Now that she was in the tiny room with him, though, being laughed at was low on her list of concerns.
It happened very suddenly. The vampire's eyes opened, and he sat up. It seemed to Jennifer he’d done this in less time than it would have taken her to blink.
Her hand flew to the fuel valve and the flame coming from the torch surged out, becoming longer and brighter. He started back and hit the wall behind him with a thud and a low snarl. To Jennifer, the room seemed as hot as an oven, although she hadn’t noticed the temperature before.
The vampire, who had covered his face with his hands, peered out from between his fingers. "Turn that thing off, before you set the place on fire!"
Jennifer, a little startled at being addressed in this peremptory tone, responded by saying the first thing that came to mind. "You’re the worst housemate ever. The noise at all hours of the night, and leaving my stuff outside, not to mention that disgusting mess in the sink. I want you to stop it."
There was a long moment of silence. "You have no right to be here in the first place," he said indignantly, "much less to tell me how I ought to behave in my own house." 
"I have a lease." She wondered if she ought to show it to him.
 "That means nothing to me, madam. This is my home. I have been living here since before you were born, and no sheet of paper is going to convince me you have any legitimate claim. Now, turn that damn thing off."
Jennifer redirected the flashlight so it spotlighted his face. "You have no call to be rude. I don't—"
"If you don't get out of this house," he said sweetly, "I will rip your throat out. How’s that for rude?"
"Don't you threaten me! I've got half a mind to set you on fire, and your precious house with you!"
The vampire, his face buried in his arms, blindly threw a sock at her. She jerked the torch to one side a few inches to avoid igniting it. He groped around for something more substantial to throw. "Turn off that light, it hurts my eyes."
"If you knock the torch out of my hand, all this junk in here will catch fire."
His tone became more reasonable. "At least point the flashlight somewhere else. And be careful with that open flame. The wood in here is very dry."
Jennifer lowered the flashlight, and the vampire raised his head. Then he moved. Before she could react, he had vanished through the wall.
She glanced around, feeling trapped and helpless. For all she knew, he could reappear through any wall he chose, or possibly even the floor or ceiling.
There was a brisk series of knocks, coming from the attic stairs from the sound of it. Not footsteps, but knuckles on wood. With some trepidation, she backed away from the door so she could open it, and turned awkwardly around.
The vampire was leaning on the stairs, smirking at her. "Perhaps I should just nail these steps back into place and leave you here."
Fear gave way to a flare of temper. He sounded like a spoiled little boy. "I'm sure I'd manage to get out."
He sighed. "Yes, I suppose you would. What am I going to do with you?"
"Why don't you just leave me alone? I've done nothing to you, yet you’ve been harassing me since I got here."
"I did not invite you to come here. You are not welcome, and I suggest you pack your things and go."
"I told you, I have a lease. If I moved out, I wouldn't get my money back. But I think the house is big enough for both of us. I'm mostly up during the day, anyway."
The vampire gave her a look of disbelief. "I don’t enjoy the thought of sharing my house with a stranger. Now that you know about my hiding place, how do I know you won't murder me in my sleep?"
"If I’d wanted to do that, I would have done it this morning, when I first found you."
He sat down on the steps, regarding her thoughtfully. "The idea does have a certain merit. Having you here would discourage other squatters. At least you don’t have children. You might even prove useful. I have quite a bit of mending that needs to be done. Do you sew?"
"No, I don't."
"Ah, well. Still, I suppose it would be more trouble than it's really worth to get rid of you. You may remain, under certain conditions. The first among these is that you are never again to come up here while I am sleeping. Is that clear?"
"Fine by me. Listen, you stay the hell out of my bedroom, too, you hear me?" He was being relatively civil now, but Jennifer vividly recalled his bared teeth, the savagery in his expression. 
The vampire looked at her disdainfully. "Not to worry."
"Can I get out of here?"
"By all means. But, shut that damnable thing off before you set something afire."
Jennifer did so—it would have been difficult to move the cart while the torch was burning, anyway—and climbed through the aperture in the stairs. She lifted the cart out behind her, having to turn her back on the vampire, not an easy thing to do. But trust would have to begin somewhere, if they were going to coexist in the same house.
"I hope you’ll repair those steps. You can do that, can't you?"
"Yes." Her stomach filled with ice as she walked past the vampire, who was leaning indolently against the wall. She remembered his casual comment about ripping her throat out, and how quickly he’d moved. 
He merely said, "Well, at least you’re good for something. Perhaps you can do other minor repairs around the place. For instance, some of the trim has fallen off the front of the house, in case you hadn't noticed. And, once it’s been replaced, it will need to be painted."
"Call the landlord about it." Now that she was out in the hall, Jennifer's courage was returning. She turned back to face him. "I'm Jennifer Meyers, by the way. What should I call you?"
The vampire, whose mother had named him Theophile, said, "Call me anything you like."
"Don't you have a name?"
He examined his fingernails. She noticed they were long and rather sharp-looking. She waited, but he remained obstinately silent.
"If you won't tell me, I think I'll call you Roger. That seems like a good name for you. I used to have a neighbor with a son named Roger, and you remind me of him. He used to stay out all night, and—"
"I don't wish to hear about it." The vampire, Roger, slammed the door to the attic stairs between them.
"Rude," Jennifer muttered. She went downstairs to get a hammer and some nails.
 
 
A visit from Paulie

"My niece is coming for a visit," Jennifer commented to Roger as she put away the last of the dishes.
"Oh?” Roger was in the process of cleaning his hands, which were covered with blood. He did this by licking them, rather like a cat.
Jennifer, convinced that he did such things for the sole purpose of offending her, ignored this.
"Could you toss me something to wipe my hands with?” He asked at length, having reached the point of diminishing returns.
"Wash them in the sink. I don't need you getting that stuff all over my dishtowel."
Roger, disdaining to rise from his seat on the kitchen table, wiped his hands on his pants.
"I expect you to behave yourself while my niece is here, Roger. I don’t want you frightening her."
"Oh?” Roger said noncommittally.
"She'll only be here for a week. All that I ask is that you sit in a chair, for instance.” She snapped the damp dishtowel at him.
"Do that again," he challenged. Instead, she hung the towel up to dry. Roger extended his two sharp, retractable fangs and began to use one of them to clean underneath his nails.
"I hope you don't intend to do that while my niece is here. She’s also bringing her seven-year-old son with her."
"You didn't think to ask me if you could invite your niece and her brat. Why should I show any consideration for your feelings?"
Jennifer hadn’t specifically invited her favorite niece to visit. Paulie had called earlier that day, and asked her for directions. "If it's not too much trouble, Aunt Jen. Matt and I are having some problems.” Jennifer had long since made it clear to Paulie that she was welcome to visit at any time. Although that was before she’d moved to the big old house in the country, which was reputed to be haunted. When Jennifer figured out the truth about Roger, she found the cubbyhole under the stairs where he slept in the daytime, waited for him to wake up, and suggested—with her grandmother's silver crucifix tucked into her shirt, and an oxyacetylene torch in one hand—that the house was big enough for both of them. The arrangement worked out well enough… most of the time.
"Roger, please. They’ll only be staying here a week or so."
"'Or so.' You expect me to behave in a fashion which is unnatural to me for 'a week or so' for the benefit of your relatives. What do I get out of it?” Roger looked at her with calculation. "Supposing you were to buy me a couple of rabbits, though. Nice fat ones..."

The day of Paulie's arrival came. Jennifer's niece looked haggard and thin. Timmy looked as if he were about to explode into one of the temper tantrums for which, Paulie had said, he was becoming infamous.
"Come on in," Jennifer said warmly. "I've fixed some cookies, and there's lemonade in the fridge."
"I don't suppose you've got any beer?” Wearily, Paulie pulled a suitcase from the back seat of her car.
"No... whiskey, but it's only noon."
"I'll take it. It's been a rough drive."
Jennifer took the suitcase from her niece, lifting it easily with one hand. She was a big woman.
"Got any candy?"
"Timmy," Paulie remonstrated, without any force.
"I told you, I made cookies. Chocolate chip.” She ruffled her grand-nephew's hair affectionately.
"I don't want anything you made. I want a Hershey bar."
Jennifer subdued an urge to cuff the boy's ear. "Come in the house, Paulie. You look like you could use to sit down."
"Grandma always has Hershey bars. And Coke and Doritos. All you've got is cookies?"
They had reached the door of the house. "Timmy, why don't you play in the yard while Aunt Jen and I talk?"
"I don't want to. I want to come in the house.” He smiled; it was a game.
"Please? I'll buy you a Hershey bar in town tomorrow."
"Tonight."
"Timmy, I may not be able to get into town tonight. I'm not sure how late everything is open. Now, go play in the yard."
"Two Hershey bars?"
"All right, two. Tomorrow.” 
Jennifer was suddenly reminded of Roger.
In the kitchen, Paulie collapsed in a chair. "Thanks for letting me come out here, Aunt Jen, just thanks a million. I don't know what I would have done if I hadn't been able to take a break from everything at home."
"Things are that bad, then, with Matt?"
"And Timmy.” Paulie lowered her voice. "I don't know how I can take it, sometimes. He's just unmanageable."
Jennifer had never been a mother, and wasn't sure what advice she could offer her niece. She stood up. "Paulie, why don't you try some of these cookies."

Roger usually came downstairs shortly after sunset to sit in the living room for a while, but there was no sign of him that evening. The next day, Jennifer and Paulie went into town for groceries. Jennifer stopped at a nearby farm and bought two healthy rabbits. Paulie laid in a large supply of Hershey bars.
Back at the house, Jennifer put the wire cage containing the two rabbits outside on the lawn. She figured they might as well enjoy the outdoor air, and munch on the grass a little. But when she came back to check on them a couple of hours later, Timmy had set them free, and was frightening them by waving a stick and running back and forth.
"Just what do you think you are doing, young man?"
Timmy looked up, guiltily, and one of the rabbits made a break for it. Jennifer caught the animal, carried it back to the cage, and put it inside. When she went to get the other one, Timmy began waving his arms and yelling, "Run! Run!” The rabbit froze, making it easy for Jennifer to scoop it up and put it in the cage with the other one. She closed the top and secured it.
"Do you have some explanation for all of this?"
"I was just giving them a chance," Timmy said obstinately. "I figured that if they could get past me, they deserved their freedom."
Jennifer looked at the boy with an emotion that was close to affection. "Those rabbits are tame, Timmy. I don't think they could survive in the wild.” Although it would be better than their chances if Roger gets hold of them. 
"Besides," she added in a sterner tone, "They don't belong to you.” All she needed was to have to go and buy a couple more rabbits. She had a finite amount of money, and Roger coaxed her into buying his dinner often enough as it was. "Now, come in the house and have lunch."

Later that evening, Jennifer and Paulie were sitting in the living room, enjoying Cokes fortified with a splash of whiskey. There were only two bedrooms upstairs, so Jennifer had set up a cot for Timmy in a downstairs room that might once had been a study. There was no sign of Roger.
Suddenly, there was a frantic hammering on the back door, followed by an incoherent scream. Paulie leaped up.
"Careful! Don't answer it!” Jennifer was cautious at night; she had lived in the city most of her adult life, and the rural darkness still spooked her. Sometimes, especially after eating rich foods, she had nightmares in which Roger's furry little victims came back, thirsty for blood and revenge. Attack of the vampire bunnies. She smiled at the fancy in the daytime, but at night, she kept the door locked. 
Paulie was fumbling with the chain Jennifer had installed on the door. She unfastened it, and turned the key in the deadbolt. "It's Timmy! It's my baby!"
It was, indeed, Timmy. He stumbled into the house yelling for his mother, ran past her, then came back and clung to her waist, babbling incoherently. Jennifer relocked the door and secured the chain.
"Timmy, Timmy what is it? Oh darling, it's all right, Mommy's here.” She looked at Jennifer. "I thought you put him to bed?” She went back to comforting her offspring, so relentlessly that, if Timmy had anything to say, he would have had a hard time getting a word in edgewise. He contented himself with snuffling into the crook of his mother’s elbow.
Jennifer went into the room she’d prepared for Timmy. There, she found the window, as she had expected, open to the night air. She closed it, and went back into the kitchen. "I did put him to bed," she told her niece. "He crawled out the window."
She pulled the boy away from his mother and asked, in a low, intense voice, "Why were you yelling? What did you see?"
"He t-t-t, he, he," Timmy began to sob.
"There, there. You're too old to cry. You sound just like a little baby.” Jennifer disliked herself a little for using this ploy, but she wanted to know what the boy had seen.
"He tore the rabbit's head off," Timmy sobbed. She was relieved to hear this, but Paulie found it rather alarming.
"Who? Who did you see, baby boy?” Jennifer did not think that Paulie's shrill tone, or the way she was gripping her son’s shoulders, was very conducive to calmness.
"A—a man. I didn't know him. He smiled at me, and told me he, he'd kill me if I didn't go back to bed. He hurt my arm."
Jennifer frowned. "Let me see."
"He twisted it.” Timmy sniffed, but was too involved in his narrative to engage in any more serious crying.
"And what were you doing out of bed in the first place?” Timmy looked at his great-aunt in disbelief, shocked that she would chastise him in his moment of drama. "Well?"
"I was going to let loose the rabbits," he said defiantly. Jennifer repressed a smile, imagining what must have happened.
"He tore the rabbit's head off! There was blood all over the place, and he started licking it up! And then he, oh, gross, I think I'm going to throw up."
"What did he do then?” Jennifer was curious, despite herself. Paulie shot her a look of outrage.
"He smushed it. He squished it all up, and one of the eyeballs came out. Then he threw it, like it was a baseball."
Paulie looked worried. "Jen, do you suppose someone did threaten Timmy out there? Do you suppose he really saw something?"
"No, I don't. Let's forget about it, and go to bed.” 
"Forget about it! My little boy does not make up things like that. Well, I mean I'm sure he made up some of it, or misunderstood what he saw, but he must have seen something. I think we should go out and look around."
"If there is someone dangerous out there, hadn't we better stay inside?"
"I don't really think there's anyone out there. I just want to check. I won't be able to sleep, otherwise."
Against this illogic, Jennifer could say nothing. She hoped Roger had cleaned up after himself. Knowing Roger, he probably hadn't. The two women ventured out into the back yard, armed only with a flashlight.
Jennifer shone it in a semicircle, and saw nothing out of the ordinary. "Satisfied? Let's go back inside."
"No, I'm not. Give me that flashlight.” Jennifer surrendered it reluctantly. Hell of a time for the girl to develop a backbone.
"Where did you put that rabbit cage?"
"Over there."
"Where? Oh, I see it...” Paulie walked toward the cage. “Oh, my God! Blood! Jen, there's only one rabbit, and there's blood smeared on the cage!"
Two hours later, Jennifer finally managed to get her niece calm enough—or drunk enough—to go to bed. It had been a long day, and promised to be a long week. Damn him! He had promised.

"It's him! Mommy, it's him! He's the one I saw!"
Roger had finally put in an appearance, knocking on the front door as if he were one of the neighbors. "Roger, come in. Meet my niece, Paulie. You may already have met her son. I'm afraid you gave him a bit of a scare the other night.”
"Well, I'm afraid I did speak rather harshly to the boy," Roger said, with a smile that made it difficult to imagine any such thing. "He was setting loose the rabbits you got me."
Jennifer wished one of them had thought of something to explain the blood.
"But Mommy, he tore its head off, and then he—"
"Hush, Timmy.” Paulie's cheeks flushed with embarrassment, and she looked apologetically at Roger.
Jennifer smiled at Timmy, feeling a little sorry for the boy. He had told nothing but the truth, but because of his age and the implausibility of his story, he was being ignored.
To her relief, Roger not only sat in a chair and kept his shoes on, but did his best to charm Paulie, and even Timmy. Timmy wasn't having any, but the evening passed pleasantly, and ended uneventfully, which suited Jennifer just fine.

Roger became a regular visitor over the next few evenings, maintaining the fiction that he lived down the road. Timmy did not lose his fear of the vampire. Jennifer caught Roger baring his fangs at the child once, and gave him a dark look. Roger answered her with an apologetic smile, but she suspected he went on doing the same kind of thing when her back was turned. It seemed to Jennifer that Timmy's behavior improved, even during the day.
It was her niece's opinion that really mattered to Jennifer. She, in turn, appeared to be a civilizing influence on Roger, who continued on his best behavior for an unprecedented stretch of time. 
Then, early one morning, Jennifer woke to hear Paulie calling her, frantically but at some distance. She shrugged into her housecoat, wondering irritably why the girl couldn't come to her, if it was so urgent. It was scarcely dawn.
She followed Paulie's voice out into the hallway, and heard a whisper of disquiet within her half-awake brain. Her niece's voice was coming from the door that led to the attic stairs. By unwritten agreement, that part of the house belonged to Roger. What is she doing in there?
Jennifer walked over to the door, becoming more alarmed with each step she took, and opened it.
"Aunt Jen! There you are. I can't get out of here. Help me, would you?"
Jennifer stood in the doorway, frozen with atavistic dread. In the darkness, she could see Paulie's face only as a pale blur, but it was clear that the younger woman was trapped in the tiny space beneath the attic stairs. And there was no way that she could be. The one time Jennifer had been under there, she'd had to pry up three of the steps with a crowbar. She bent and felt the steps; they were solid, undisturbed since she had repaired them with three-inch patio nails.
Paulie's hand came out from between the steps and grabbed her wrist. She flinched. At that moment, Paulie seemed to Jennifer like a ghostly and inhuman presence, crouched in the darkness beneath the stairs.
"Can you pull me out of here, Aunt Jen? I can't seem to squeeze through, by myself."
"The space is much too narrow. I doubt Timmy could fit. How on earth did you get in there?"
"I don't remember.” Paulie retracted her arm. "Just get me out of here, will you?"
"I'll have to get some tools. I won't be long.” She hurried downstairs, thankful that she'd awakened before Timmy has heard his mother's cries. She collected her crowbar and flashlight, and went back upstairs. She shined the flashlight under the steps.
"Are you all right?"
"I'm fine. Just get me out of here!” Shielding her eyes from the flashlight's glare, Paulie seemed more annoyed than frightened. 
"Stand back, so you won't be hurt.” Jennifer went to work with the crowbar, and soon had two of the steps loose. After her niece had climbed out through the gap, Jennifer threw the steps far back into the space beneath the stairs. One of them hit the waist-high door to the crawl space over the porch, Roger's daytime resting place.
"Paulie, try to remember how you got in there.” Jennifer had been in the crawl space, and knew there was no other entrance. Paulie lifted one hand to her head, dramatically, in lieu of a reply. Jennifer grabbed her by the wrist. "What did you do to your arm?” 
"Nothing," Paulie snapped, snatching the arm away. "I don't feel well, Aunt Jen. I want to go to bed."
"Not until you tell me what happened to your arm. What have you been doing, shooting heroin?” Although she could think of a more likely explanation for the bruise, and the two slightly swollen puncture, marks in the crook of Paulie's elbow.
"I don't remember. I think I'm going to pass out. Stop bothering me.” Paulie sat down on one of the remaining stairs.
"All right. Come downstairs, and have some breakfast."
"I don't want any breakfast. I'm very tired. I just want to go to bed."
Paulie allowed herself to be drawn to her feet and led downstairs, where Jennifer fixed an omelet garnished with pieces of bacon left over from the day before.
“If that's for me, Aunt Jen, you're wasting your time. I think I'm coming down with something. My head hurts, the light hurts my eyes, and if I try to eat, I'm going to hurl.”
“I think you're dehydrated. Have some water, at least.”
When the food was actually set in front of her, Paulie allowed herself to be persuaded to try a few bites; soon she was eating ravenously. The food seemed to restore her, and she made no further mention of going to bed.

Jennifer waited until after dinner. She took the flashlight upstairs, and managed, with a certain amount of strain, to fit through the aperture she had made in the attic stairs. Crawling on all fours, she went through the small door that led to the space under the porch roof.
Roger, neither moving nor breathing, was sprawled on a bare mattress at one end of the long, narrow room. The place was considerably neater than the last time she’d seen it. Roger's clothes were folded, and stacked on the floor along one wall. Jennifer sat down and held the flashlight loosely in one hand while she waited for Roger to awaken.
After a short time—Jennifer having timed her visit so she would not have to wait long—he lifted his head, blinking with surprise.
"Jennifer...? What are you doing here?"
"You promised to behave, Roger."
"What?” He did not sound completely awake.
"You bit my niece. Don't bother trying to deny it."
He sat up. "Do you consider that a breach of etiquette? Frankly, I don't think it's any of your business."
"I think 'breach of etiquette' is an understatement."
"I fail to see your concern, or your reason for bursting in on me like this. Are you under the impression that I forced myself on her?"
"Paulie says she doesn't remember what happened. What did you do, hypnotize her?” To Jennifer, this possibility was even more horrifying than physical force.
"Really, Jennifer, you have been reading too many penny dreadfuls. Do you actually think I can hypnotize people? If I could, I would have hypnotized you to leave when you first came here, rather than enduring your continued presence."
Jennifer, hurt by this sentiment, said nothing.
"Incidentally, I thought I set as a condition of your remaining here, that you are never to come into this room while I am sleeping. I suppose you ruined the attic stairs again?"
"I had to, so Paulie could get out. She was trapped in here."
"Oh," he said sheepishly. "Oh, I guess I forgot."
Jennifer pressed the advantage. "Roger, I want you to keep your hands—and your teeth—off of my niece!”
"No," Roger said quietly.
Jennifer strove to keep her own voice low, in the hope that they wouldn't be overheard. "Roger, I will not tolerate your feeding on my niece. Why can't you go back to catching squirrels and bunny rabbits?"
"Too much trouble, for one thing. Have you ever tried to catch a rabbit with your bare hands, in the middle of the night? Besides, it is much... nicer. I wouldn't expect you to understand. Let me assure you, however, that I did not in any way coerce Paulie. I certainly did not hypnotize her.” He gave the word a scornful inflection. "If you must know, she offered herself to me."
"That's not what she told me."
"Has it occurred to you that she doesn’t wish to discuss the matter with you?"
"Well, I will ask her if what you say is true. I’d better not find out that you are lying… Incidentally, I think you ought to know that Paulie is married."
"I really don't see what that has to do with it. If you think it has anything to do with the sex act, whatsoever, you have been misinformed."
Jennifer, who did not spend much time wondering about the sexual habits of vampires, let this slide by without comment.
"I will ask Paulie. But I don't like this at all.” 
"Do you think I like having you burst in here, waving that light around, asking about things that are none of your business and which you don't understand to begin with?"
"I won't have you victimizing my niece."
"I am not victimizing her."
Jennifer, who was tired of arguing and felt that her point had somehow gotten lost, did not reply. She crawled out of the enclosure backward, wishing that she could make a more graceful exit. Roger followed her.
"I hope you're going to fix my stairs."
"Keep your hands off Paulie, and I will."
"Forget it. Come to think of it, the damage you’ve done will make it easier for Paulie to come and see me."
She glanced at one of the discarded steps. “How did Paulie get in there in the first place, anyway?"
"I wouldn't expect you to understand."

Later that evening, after Timmy had been put to bed, Jennifer went into Paulie's room.
"Paulie, I need to ask you something. About Roger."
"Yes?” Paulie regarded her aunt warily. She seemed morose and listless; since that morning, her moods had alternated between gloom and an uncharacteristic, sunny cheerfulness.
"About this morning... you really can't remember what happened to you?"
Paulie turned away. "I really don't want to talk about it."
"I'm afraid we have to. I know what he did to you. He claims he had your permission. If he is lying to me, I may go out in the shed, tomorrow, and sort through the scrap lumber to see if I can find anything that will hold a point."
"Don't hurt him, Aunt Jen! You can't do that!” Paulie stood up, as if she were afraid Jennifer intended to go after Roger barehanded, and without further delay.
"Talk to me, Paulie. What really happened?"
Not looking at her, Paulie said, "Roger told you the truth. All right? I lied. I didn't want to talk about it, so I lied. Are you happy now?"
"Why on earth would you permit him to do a thing like that?"
Paulie blushed. "I'd really rather not talk about it."
"All right. Fine. I wish you’d said that in the first place, though. You could have saved me a lot of embarrassment."
"I'm sorry," Paulie said woodenly.
Now, she would have to apologize to Roger, and fix his stairs... yes, she definitely thought she would fix those stairs. She was itching to ask Paulie how she had gotten underneath them in the first place, but she suspected her niece would just say she didn't want to talk about it. She, Jennifer, had put her foot in her mouth enough for one day.
"I'm going to fix myself a drink. Can I get you anything?"

That afternoon, Jennifer went into town to buy groceries. She got several more rabbits for Roger, partly in atonement, and partly in the hopes that it would keep him off Paulie. Shortly after sunset, Roger reappeared and began lounging around the house, as was his custom in the early evenings before he worked up the energy to go hunting. He did not speak to Jennifer, but merely gave her an occasional cold look.
She decided it was up to her to try to reestablish diplomatic relations. "I fixed your stairs, Roger."
"I noticed. I asked you not to."
"I distinctly remember your asking me to fix them."
"I changed my mind."
"Well, I'm sorry," Jennifer said with difficulty. "For not believing you about Paulie, too. I bought you some more rabbits. They're outside, in the cage."
"I don't recall asking you to do that, either."
Jennifer left the room without another word. She had gone as far as she was willing or able to. Roger could go back to Indianapolis with Paulie and Timmy, if he liked, and live in the attic of their garage. It was all the same to her.

Paulie had been there for over two weeks, but made no mention of going home. Jennifer was content that she should remain. Her niece had taken over the housework, and most of the cooking, and no longer bent Jennifer's ear about her husband's personal failings. She seemed to have forgotten that he existed.
Timmy made a pet of the surviving rabbit of the two Jennifer had bought on the day after his arrival, and decided to call it Spot. Roger showed no signs of mellowing toward Jennifer, but she had noticed that three of the additional six rabbits she'd bought had disappeared. She bought a separate cage for Spot, and installed it in Timmy's room. Timmy asked her for a piece of poster board, and painted a sign reading TIMMY'S RABBIT, DO NOT EAT. He added a second sign, which said, THIS MEANS YOU ROGER. The signs aroused Paulie's ire; she was in one of her moody phases when she saw them.
"What do you mean, giving my son a pet without asking me! You know as well as I do what's going to happen to that rabbit. Are you deliberately trying to provoke hostilities between Timmy and Roger?"
"You don't have to let him take the rabbit home with him, if you don't want to, but as long as he is here, that is Timmy's rabbit. Roger has plenty of his own, for which he has never properly thanked me."
Paulie tucked her hands into the long, loose sleeves of her dress. "Well, he isn't taking it home, that's for sure. They're filthy animals.” She stalked off.

Jennifer was in the basement, applying her cutting torch to a piece of sheet metal, when Timmy came running down the stairs. She shut off the torch, and pushed her safety mask up onto her forehead.
"Timmy, I've told you not to come down here while I'm working. You could be hurt. Now, what is it?"
"Mommy fell down, and she won’t wake up!"
Jennifer set down the still-cooling torch and followed Timmy up the stairs. Paulie had collapsed in a heap on the kitchen floor. Jennifer checked her pulse, and found it to be steady but quite rapid. She lifted her niece, carried her into the living room, and laid her on the couch. 
"Timmy, get a pitcher of water."
Jennifer unbuttoned the cuff of her niece's shirtsleeve and rolled it up above the elbow. The inside surface of Paulie's arm was a bruised mass of puncture wounds. She rolled up the other sleeve and found more of the same, although not to the same extent. She swore and rolled the sleeves down so the Timmy would not see the wounds.
He returned shortly with the pitcher. Jennifer splashed a handful of water onto her niece's face. Paulie coughed, and opened her eyes. "What are you trying to do, drown me?” 
"You fainted."
Paulie started to get up, then fell back, looking pale and exhausted.
"I think we’d better get you to a doctor."
"No!” Paulie sat up. "That isn't necessary. I'm fine.” She noticed her unbuttoned cuffs. "Nosey, aren't you."
"When a person faints, you’re supposed to loosen their clothing." 
Paulie gave her a dirty look, and managed to get to her feet.

Later, when Timmy was out of earshot, Jennifer cornered her niece. "Paulie, I think we need to talk about this. What you do is your own business, but you’re going to die from loss of blood if you keep letting him do this to you."
"Aunt Jen, it's not what you think.” Paulie's manner abruptly became sweet and conciliatory. Jennifer, who for once was not at all sure what she thought, remained silent.
"He's really a wonderful person, Aunt Jen.” Her lips curved faintly in a beatific smile. "He's just lonely and misunderstood. I wish you'd give him a chance, just try to get to know him a little."
Jennifer, who thought that she knew Roger a lot better that Paulie did, said, "Did you know that he chews on the furniture?"
Paulie blinked. "What?"
"Yes, he does. He rips up the upholstery, with those fangs of his that you like so well. I don't know if you've ever noticed all those places on the back of the couch? I might as well have a cat. He also leaves dead animals lying around, and gets blood all over the place. Sometimes he even bites his toenails."
Paulie gave her aunt a deeply offended look. "You won't even try."
"He really does those things. I swear it to you, Paulie. He just doesn't do it when you're around."
"Can't you see that none of that really matters?"
"I think you'd better lie down for a while, Paulie. I'll wake you for dinner."

Conversation at the table that night was strained and monosyllabic. Timmy kept looking anxiously at his mother, who looked much better, to Jennifer's relief, and seemed to have a good appetite.
Later that evening, after she tucked Timmy in, Jennifer went into the living room to say goodnight to her niece.
"Now, for heaven's sake, if Roger comes around bothering you, tell him no. Tell him to go out and catch a squirrel, or something, all right?” Paulie answered her with a hostile look.
"If you pass out again, Paulie, you'll wake up in the hospital. I promise you that.” Troubled, she went to bed and dreamed of finding Paulie's drained body, draped over the attic stairs.
In the morning, she quietly opened the door to Paulie's room and found that her niece was sleeping peacefully. Her breathing was deep and regular. Maybe the girl had some common sense, after all; she hoped so.

Two days later, Paulie announced that she was leaving. "Timmy needs his father. And he needs to spend more time with children his own age. So, I've decided to give dear old Matt another chance."
Jennifer thought her niece's eyes looked red, as if she had been crying. Timmy certainly cried, when he was told that they were leaving; he resigned himself to going only when Paulie agreed that he could bring Spot.
Roger took their departure badly. He moped around the house, looking dejected and miserable. Jennifer felt sorry for him; she missed Paulie, too, but at the same time she was glad her niece had left the house before Roger succeeded in completely exsanguinating her.

About a month after Paulie's departure, a letter arrived at the house. Jennifer saw that it was from Paulie, and was about to open it, when she noticed that it wasn’t addressed to her. She left it on the attic stairs, and that night Roger came into the living room, beaming with joy, and handed Jennifer a flowery weed he had found in the yard.
"Paulie is coming to visit us!"
"Oh?” Jennifer was a little miffed that Paulie hadn't seen fit to inform her about these plans. "Did she say when?"
"Right after Christmas," Roger said, smiling fatuously. "Oh, I almost forgot—she says to tell you she said 'hi.’"
Christmas was a long way off; she didn't need to start worrying about it now. Not until, say, October, at the very earliest.

County Fair 2094

"Here, boy.” Roger, repelled by the smell of decomposing blood, held the lump of hamburger well away from his face. "Come on, Duke, there's a good dog.” But Kenneth's Great Dane wouldn't come out from under the porch.
Damn, I must've weakened him too much the last time.
He considered going in after the dog, but it was dirty under there. The problem was, the neighborhood was getting so overrun with omnivores that half the time, he couldn't even catch a lousy rabbit. He couldn't even remember the last time he'd seen a deer in the dwindling patch of woods near the house. It sometimes seemed to him that his formerly rural neighborhood had been absorbed by an uninterrupted urban sprawl stretching from Detroit to Chicago. Roger considered it more trouble than it was worth to hunt warmblooded humans for food, although they were the only animal species whose numbers had increased rather than diminishing. The herd instinct, combined with intelligence, made them dangerous prey. 
He threw the meat to Duke and wiped his hand on the grass. When he heard the porch door open, he stood up and peered through the railing. Andrea stood on the opposite side of the porch, staring off into the warm, moonless night. He climbed over the railing and leaned against it, facing her. She didn’t notice that he was there, so he gave the porch swing a shove with his foot, allowing its distinctive creak to announce his presence.
"Roger! I didn't see you."
"Beautiful night, isn't it? Have a seat and keep me company for a while.” One way or the other, Andrea was likely to provide him with some breakfast. When she didn't respond to his invitation, he walked over and took her hand. "Come sit on the porch swing."
Andrea pulled her hand away. "Don't you ever give up?” Her eyes narrowed with annoyance. Roger knew annoyance was real; he could smell it. She was also tempted and intrigued, and he could smell that, too. She could hide it from herself, to an extent, but not from him. That was why he had no intention of giving up on her. He didn't usually make a nuisance of himself—just when he thought there was a good chance of getting something out of it.
"I'm sorry," he said, summoning up a contrite expression. "I forgot myself. It's just that you look so lovely this evening.” 
She flushed, then her expression softened. "You're hungry, aren't you. Come on up to the lab."
Well, it was better than nothing. Andrea was a medical doctor, currently engaged in hematological research, which Roger considered a subject well worthy of study, even if he couldn't follow half of what she had to say on the topic.
He followed her up two flights of stairs to the attic, which had been converted into a thoroughly modern laboratory, except for the unconcealed wooden rafters overhead. Andrea put a bag of human blood in an electronic warmer, then sat at her computer console clicking and muttering to herself. Roger sat on a couch in one corner of the room and waited with the patient stillness of the natural predator—although, recently, he'd felt more like a house pet. It galled him to have to rely on Andrea's charity. It would be different if she'd let him bite her. Then, he'd be giving her something in return. More fun for him, too.
The cultured blood she supplied him with tasted pretty good. It did lack a certain quality of individuality; it was grown in a vat, subject to a rigorous scientific standard. Because it was gender-neutral, containing no sex hormones, it made him feel as if he were feeding on a small child. And the anticoagulant gave it a slightly bitter aftertaste. But Andrea was very generous with it. He smiled and thanked her when she handed him a colorful mug of the stuff, heated to body temperature. He closed his eyes while slowly sipping it, aware nonetheless of Andrea watching him. He wished he knew what she was thinking.

Andrea began to ignore him after a while, so he went downstairs. Denise was sitting in the living room, and her eyes lit up at the sight of him, which he couldn't help but find gratifying. It was a pity she was only fourteen.
"The county fair starts tonight, Roger. Would you take me to the fairgrounds?” She looked at him entreatingly.
Roger took a moment to consider his answer. Kenneth, Denise's father, would not approve... of course, he was out of town for the weekend. Roger was not particularly attracted to bright lights and noisy crowds of strangers, but when Kenneth found out, he'd be livid. His face would turn just as red as a cherry tomato.
Roger smiled. "Well, all right. I'll run upstairs and tell your mother where we're going."
"Maybe we should just leave her a note."
"No, I'd better make sure it's okay. I'll be right back.” Roger did not intend to leave himself open to charges that he'd removed Denise from the premises without parental permission. But asking Bellera was just a formality; she was a placid, accommodating creature—the only kind of woman, in Roger's opinion, that would have married a penny-ante martinet like Kenneth. Unfortunately, her compliancy had its limits. If Roger got too close, or tried to touch her, she shrank away and her eyes filled with tears. She had no control over the fear and revulsion she felt toward him, and he tried not to take it personally.
"Don't worry," he told Denise, to erase the worried look from the girl's face. "I won't bother your aunt. She's up working in her lab."

Roger drove Denise to the fairgrounds just outside of Wixton in the 2033 Ford XOS that he lovingly maintained. It took them twice as long to get there by way of the pitted ruins of the highway as it would have if they'd taken a repulsortrack capsule, but Denise didn't seem to mind; to her, the antique road car was a fascinating artifact.
The fair was every bit as loud and busy as Roger had feared. Once they’d found a place to park, Denise made her way to a concession stand and asked for something called Choo-Eetz. She extended her left hand, allowed a scanner to be passed over her credit bracelet, and thumbed the pad to validate the transaction. Then she turned her hand over to receive a box about the size of a deck of cards. She held it close to her face, opened her mouth, and pressed a recessed button. One end of the box popped open, and there was a shrill whirring noise. A stream of some frothy, blue glop came out, then the box closed with a resentful snap, cutting off the string of goo, which Denise began to chew as if it were a wad of gum. "Poor Roger," she said, sotto voce. "I'm afraid they haven't got anything for you, but you might be able to catch someone out behind the chemical toilets."
"I don't do that," Roger said hotly. Denise gave him a disbelieving and conspiratorial smile.
They wandered down the avenue formed by two lines of booths and attractions. Denise wanted to see everything; she led him across the close-cropped meadow grass at a snail's pace, paying her own way when she ducked into one of the exhibits and consuming so much Choo-Eetz that she almost seemed to be inhaling it. Roger began to wonder how much of the stuff that tiny box could possibly contain.
"Oh, look—there’s the Universal Equilibrium!” Denise stopped in her tracks, looking up worshipfully at several dozen white spheres that floated serenely over a fenced-in platform. These spheres, held up by invisible bands of force, first began to revolve slowly around a central axis near the middle of the platform like planets circling an invisible sun; then they sped up and began to spiral inward, provoking a few screams from those watching, because it looked certain that they would collide.
"You're not scared to ride it with me, are you?” Denise asked teasingly. "You have to have two people, in case one of them passes out."
"Scared?” Roger looked dubiously up at the gyrating white spheres. He hadn't realized there were people inside. "Not at all, I assure you."
"Good, because I've never gotten to ride before.” Denise slipped her Choo-Eetz dispenser into one of the many pockets on her loose, hip-length uniform jacket. For nearly two years, she’d been a member of the girls' auxiliary of ISIS—International Sisterhood In Solidarity, not to be confused with the terrorist organization of the previous century. Her father would have preferred that she join the youth program associated with the American Decency League, of which both he and Bellera were members—but Andrea, an ISIS officer, had talked him into letting the girl make her own choice when she turned thirteen.
They waited in a long line leading up to the entrance, and when their turn came, Denise insisted on paying for both tickets. The padded interior of the sphere was very cramped, more so after a bored-looking attendant inflated the pneumatic restraints that held the passengers' legs and torsos firmly in place. "If you wish to terminate your ride early," the attendant droned, "press the red stop bar at the front of the pod but if you press the stop bar even by accident the ride is over and you are not eligible for a refund enjoy your ride.” The upper half of the sphere slammed into place, and they were off. Roger was relieved to find that they could see out, a little, although the world beneath them appeared fogged and indistinct. Their pod rose to join the others, and they were spun through a series of tight loops as the pod described a corkscrew pattern. Denise's face began to turn pale. "I don't feel so good, Roger. I think I'm going to throw up."
He reached for the stop bar, but she grabbed his wrist and clung to it grimly. "No, don't you dare! We won't get any proofs!"
So there he was, trapped inside a tumbling ping-pong ball with an omnivore who was likely to regurgitate half-digested blue glop all over him. Very distressing.
"Promise me you won't press it, Roger! Promise me!"
"All right, but please tell me you're not really going to vomit."
"Probably not—oh!” The pod gave a sudden lurch and began bouncing up and down, causing Roger to feel as if he were trapped in a giant paint mixer. Denise clamped both hands over her mouth. Roger closed his eyes, trying to recall his religious training. Let's see, Now I lay me down to sleep... Our Father, who art in Heaven... nothing about teenage girls chucking up their Choo-Eetz on a carnival ride. He decided it would be rather audacious of him to call on God for assistance, anyway, since he hadn't been inside a church in nearly two centuries.
They finally made it to the ground without disaster. The attendant gave them each a small plastic clip, which seemed hardly worth the trouble to Roger.
"Could I have yours?” Roger handed it to her, and she fastened them both to the collar of her jacket. Denise’s own equilibrium seemed to have left her for the moment, and she clung to Roger's arm.
Her body-warmth felt awfully nice. He reminded himself sternly that she was just a kid. Even if she would be fifteen in a few weeks. Even if she didn't smell like a kid, anymore.
"Look, let's go in there!” Oblivious to the effect she was having on him, Denise pointed to a portable building that looked as if it were about to collapse under the weight of the hologram just above it. The roof appeared to be dripping with pink, fleshy vegetation, and the holosign read Forests of Venus.
Roger spared it a disinterested glance. Denise had regained her balance, but had not released his arm. His fang teeth were threatening to break through the skin of his lower lip, and he caught himself scanning the surrounding buildings and tents for some shadowed corner, someplace where he could find a little privacy and make the fair a really memorable experience for Denise. It wasn't as if she didn't know what to expect. And it wasn't as if there were any doubt as to whether she would agree to it….
Paulie would kill him. Paulie, Roger's protegee and Denise's great, great, great grandmother, would never let him get away with breaking the vampire law that declared children under sixteen years of age strictly off-limits. Not if it involved one of her descendants.
He forced his fangs to retract, focusing his attention on the building she'd pointed out. "It's probably all papier-mâché."
"What?"
"Plastic. Fake."
"Come on, let's go in!” There was a puzzled note in her voice; Denise could tell he was upset but, thank whatever deities might be, hadn't figured out why.
"All right, if you like."
They had to climb a flight of stairs to get to the entrance, where they joined a line of people shuffling slowly down a narrow boardwalk. It was dim and gloomy inside, but to Roger's surprise, the fleshy trees were real. Their trunks were as big around as the torso of a large man and covered with white, silky fur. There were no cordons to keep the customers in line; the trees themselves served that function, with a dense intertwining of pink, hairless branches, flexible as a nest of snakes. Smaller branches, resembling long fingers, clutched at any available surface. A few ventured into the aisle, seeking with slow, underwater movements for something to hold. A girl behind Roger and Denise squealed; "It pinched me!” The people around her laughed uneasily.
The trees weren't from Venus, of course; there was nothing beneath those hot, thick clouds but algae and cockroaches. No, they had to be a product of recombinant DNA. Roger reached out covertly and made a small nick in a nearby trunk. A drop of vermillion fluid welled up—not sap. Blood.
It smelled absolutely delicious.
As they neared the exit, Roger pulled experimentally on a set of clutching twigs, separating them from the fur of a nearby trunk. He stepped off the boardwalk onto soft, loamy soil, pulling Denise with him, gently parting the tendrils that blocked the section just ahead. The forest closed seamlessly behind them.
"Roger, what are you doing, it's dark, I can't see! I don't think we're supposed to be in here.” But she followed, clinging to his shoulder.
He made his way to the back of the enclosure, twice stepping over ridges where the large planters had been placed up against one another. The branches groped blindly through his hair, and Denise had a death-grip on his shirt, but Roger was undeterred. Presently he reached the door which he'd been just barely able to see from the boardwalk, pulled Denise through it, and switched on a light—only a fifteen-watt bulb, but sufficient for his purposes. He examined the sacks and bottles of various chemicals that were stacked on rough wooden shelves in the back of the storeroom, reading labels and sniffing. A few minutes later, an exterior door opened abruptly, and the proprietor strode into the tiny room as if in response to some silent alarm. He stood looking at Roger and Denise expressionlessly.
Roger's own alarms went off the minute he met the stranger's eyes—he was a vampire, older and more powerful than Roger. If that weren't bad enough, he was better than six feet tall. Roger lowered his eyes submissively, them flicked them up briefly with what he hoped was an endearing and unthreatening expression.
When it appeared that he was expected to make the first overture, he said, "Pardon me for intruding, but I couldn't help myself—your, ah plants, they're so beautiful.” The stranger's face appeared to thaw a little. "Do you mind my asking what kind of care they require?"
Denise looked bored and shot a streamer of Choo-Eetz into her mouth. The stranger gave Roger a long, calculating look. In high Tsangue, ancient language of the vampires, he said, "I could sell you a pair if you're interested."
Denise's eyes widened when she heard the blend of low coughs, birdlike cries, and other sounds that could not quite be duplicated by an unmodified human larynx. She straightened up in a hurry, put her Choo-Eetz away and tried to look sultry. To Roger's relief, their host ignored her. "Why don't you come back later tonight, or anytime this week, and we'll talk. You can even sample the merchandise.” He stepped to one side, and added, "You can leave by the back stairs."
A few minutes later, Roger and Denise found themselves back on one of the bustling, grassy thoroughfares that traversed the fairgrounds. Denise pulled out her Choo-Eetz dispenser and pressed the button, but it only gasped and spattered a few tiny blue globules into the air, then wheezed anticlimactically for a few seconds before falling silent. She dropped it into a nearby collection bin, shaped, not surprisingly, like a giant Choo-Eetz package stood on end.
"Shall we head back?"
"Roger, it's only three! I want to ride the Universal Equilibrium again. Can we?"
"What? No, absolutely not. I found it most distressing."
"All right—we'll go on the Ferris wheel, then. It's an antique. And I want to see if I can win some of that stuffed junk. But first, I have to get more Choo-Eetz!"

When they finally left the fairgrounds, the eastern horizon was starting to turn that curious greenish-yellow that had become so common in recent decades. Roger hadn't even thought to bring his sunglasses. Ouch.
Denise fell asleep, snoring gently, by the time they pulled up in front of the house. She looked so awfully young. Roger was horrified that he had, even momentarily, been tempted to seduce her. He hated to wake her up, but he was afraid that if he carried her into the house and Andrea saw, she'd assume the worst.
With no little effort, he persuaded her to get out of the car. "Say, Denise, you don't have that Activities Camp of yours today, do you?"
"Oh, that's right. It's Saturday.” She sounded as if she found this a profound revelation.
"Maybe you'd better skip it, this once."
"No, I'll be all right. And," she added scornfully, "it's the Junior Girls' Camp, not the Activities Camp."
"Right, I forgot, that was last year. Come on, let's go inside. It's getting light."

The following night, Roger returned to the fairgrounds alone. He purchased two small, pink, furry saplings from Jojo, the proprietor of Forests of Venus. Jojo also threw in a sack of dry chemicals, and a great deal of advice on the care and feeding of what he referred to as ‘bloodfruit trees.’
When Roger got home, Andrea was sitting on a bench in the garage workshop, a dire expression on her face. He decided to show her the trees some other time, when she was in a better mood.
"Andrea! I would offer to take you for a ride, but I—"
"You know perfectly well that my brother would never have permitted you to take Denise into town for that fair."
"I didn't see any harm in it. Her mother—"
"Bellera! Don't talk to me about Bellera. You kept that girl out all night, and didn't feed her anything but Choo-Eetz."
"She wanted to stay there all night. I hope to tell you it wasn't my idea. And she could have bought a hot dog or something if—"
"But that's precisely my point, damn it! She's only fourteen. She sometimes needs to be told what to eat, and what time to go to bed. She's still a child. You do understand that, don't you?"
Roger sighed. Andrea was a very intelligent woman, but subtlety was not her strong point. "Yes, of course I do. You're probably right. I should have gotten her something else to eat. I hope you kept her home from that camp of hers so she could rest. She seems to think they'll court-martial her or something if she takes a day off."
"One of the functions of the ISIS training camps is to cultivate a sense of discipline in young women. Maybe she'll learn something from this, even if you haven't. She's sleeping right now—she went to bed as soon as she got home. Don't you even think about waking her up."
Andrea stalked out of the garage. Roger opened the cargo hatch of the XOS. The bloodfruit trees clung to each other, their rootlets whispering against the smooth upholstery of the car. Jojo had said that their rudimentary brains were endowed with a degree of telepathy, and that he could not sell Roger just one tree, because it would waste away and die if separated from others of its kind. But if he planted the two at a moderate distance from one another, they would reach out for companionship the only way they knew how; by propagating into small clusters that would spread until they merged into a single grove. It seemed cruel to separate them, but Roger was entranced by the idea of his own private orchard, which he planned to locate in the dirt-floored cellar of the house. The bloodfruit trees neither required, nor could they tolerate, much sunlight.
He carried the trees and the sack of dry chemicals down into the basement, then returned to the garage for an electric shovel. Jojo had told him to loosen the dirt, then lace it with the chemicals he'd prepared. Physical labor was anathema to Roger, but he couldn't see any way around it. Denise was asleep; Andrea was mad at him; and Bellera was not in good physical condition, as she spent most of her time lying on the couch jacked into a virtual reality program.
He took the shovel down into the basement and began to dig. 

The night of Kenneth's return, Roger could hear raised voices, coming from the kitchen, all the way up in his hidden room underneath the attic stairs. He crept down into the living room to eavesdrop, and heard Denise screaming, "You can't make me! You can't sign me up for it, I have to sign myself up, and I won't do it, you can’t make me!"
"Hartland is another story, young lady," her father replied. His volume control was better, but he sounded just as angry as Denise.
"You hate me!” Denise stormed out of the room, saw Roger, and gasped. She made an effort to repair her appearance, then gave up and threw her arms around him. "Oh, Roger! They want to get rid of me!"
"What?” He could hear Bellera calling plaintively after her daughter.
"Let her sulk for a while," Kenneth said. "It won't do any good to go running after her."
Roger hustled Denise out onto the front porch, where he sat her down firmly in the porch swing and leaned against the railing, facing her. "Now, what's this? Have they put you up for adoption?"
"They're sending me away! Daddy says if I don't apply to the ISIS training academy in Alaska, he'll send me to Hartland—that's where they send kids who get caught troffing, for God’s sake!"
"Better apply, then. I thought you wanted to go to the ISIS school. Let's see, Kenneth was a Nazi because he wouldn't let you go, he was—"
"That was last year!" Denise explained impatiently. "You're supposed to start the year you turn fourteen, but I turn fifteen next month. I'd have to join a group that's been together for a whole year. And besides, I'd miss you.” She gave him a beseeching look.
"Oh, Denise. I'll be here when you get back, and it's only for two years."
She looked crestfallen. "You want to get rid of me, too."
"Nonsense.” He kissed her gently near the corner of her mouth, then vanished while her eyes were still closed.

Six weeks later, Denise left for Alaska. The bloodfruit trees had begun to fill out, and a furred lump no bigger than a crouching rabbit had appeared next to one of them. Roger, returning from a hunting expedition, slipped down into a window-well and through the basement window to admire them. He tore the exsanguine body of his kill—a rather scrawny hare—neatly in half, breaking the spine with a sharp twist. He offered the hindquarters to the nearest tree; a branch felt its way slowly toward him, then conveyed the meat to an aperture at the top of the trunk. The other tree began to stir restlessly.
Already, they had sent their thick-skinned roots deep into the earth to seek out groundwater, minerals and burrowing creatures. Not confined to planters, his trees would not need as many artificial chemicals as the ones at Forests of Venus, and they had a subtly different smell, a wild perfume that made him want to taste the elixir they produced... but for the time being, he wanted to let them grow as quickly as possible. The hare had satisfied his hunger; there was no need to be greedy.
He gave the remaining half of that unfortunate lagomorph to the other tree, and went upstairs. It was nice to be able to walk around without having to worry about whether Denise was lying in wait for him, but the house seemed empty. He decided to go upstairs and see Andrea.
She was sitting on the couch, reading a magazine on the lit-plate, but set it down when he walked in. "Hi, want some breakfast?"
"No, thank you.” He flopped down on the opposite end of the couch. "It's awfully quiet around here, isn't it."
She smiled. "I'm glad Kenneth finally decided to let that girl grow up a little. He's so overprotective."
Roger looked at her closely. "If she thought you had anything to do with it, she'd never forgive you."
"But I didn't," Andrea said innocently. "I could argue until I was blue in the face, but my brother would never have agreed to send his little girl to a place he regards as 'a hotbed of lesbianism and decadence,' not unless he regarded it as the lesser of two evils."
"You vixen," Roger said, not without admiration.
"A couple of years away from home will do her a world of good."
"I don't appreciate being used as a bogeyman."
"Poor Roger, we don't treat you very well around here, do we?” To his surprise, Andrea covered his hand with her own. He moved closer to her, and was delighted when she did not object.
"Your brother despises me," he said dolefully, "and Bellera thinks I’m some kind of monster. But you're always very nice to me, Andrea."
He entwined his fingers in her hair, and she still didn't protest, but he sensed she was getting a little nervous, so he disentangled them and drew her to her feet. "Did I tell you I have a new hobby? Come down in the basement with me, and I'll show you. I think you'll enjoy this."

Beltane at the Headless Turtle

"Are you sure she's old enough?"
"She's thirteen." Becca's sister Alison raised her voice as she turned to face the other tenth-grade girls. "That's how old we were."
Becca stood in the doorway, watching the older girls sprawled out across the living room carpet with their sleeping bags. She'd been standing there most of the evening, unnoticed, while they giggled over Playgirl and whispered secrets. But now they were sneaking out, like they did every year. And Becca was coming along. It didn't matter what the others thought, because Alison said so, and it was her birthday.
Out into the night, cutting across backyards, squealing at branches moved by the wind, and telling each other to shh.
Downtown, where the stores were dark and closed:
"So Debbie goes, she goes like, 'I want him to ask me out but he's too shy,' so she goes—"
"Hey, who has money?"
"Sherry, did you find out anything more about Mark and Trina?"
"Yeah, you have to tell us everything."
"Omigod, Debbie is such a slut. I'd never say a thing like that to a guy!"
"I can lend you five, Heather, but you have to pay me back."
Then to the FoodFast MiniMart that was open all night; flirting with the old clerk, he must have been forty, and his stained teeth smelled of tobacco. Becca hung in the background, watching, as the others practiced their enchantments on him.
Frozen Cokes in hand, they poured out into the darkness. Becca was intoxicated with the joy of running with the pack, and the forbidden dangers of the night. Behind the elementary school, where power lines hatched the sky like claw marks, they took turns pushing each other on the swings, reminiscing as if they were old ladies. When Becca swung forward she let her head fall back and she could see the stars.
When they finished swinging, they went to stand near the concrete turtle that stood vigil over the sand boxes. Its head had long ago been broken off, the stump worn smooth by small hands and feet. The turtle had always been the uncontested property of the girls on the playground.
"You sure he's coming?"
"He'll be here, Jodie." Becca could barely see her sister in the darkness, but Alison's voice was rich with confidence. "I told him to bring some beer." A high-pitched giggle from one of them, Becca couldn't tell which.
Beer—was that what this was all about? Becca had tried beer before, and hadn't liked it much. Her sister had hinted that this would be something special.
There was a movement in the bushes near the sidewalk. "He's here!"
Another giggle. "Oh, Rob." Their voices were sweet and low.
A male voice, uncertain and cracking: "I didn't know you were going to bring all your friends." 
"They wanted to see you, too."
Becca retreated to the swing set and sat with the rubber thong of a seat cradling her buttocks, cold at first, but warming quickly with her body heat.
She could see better now; her eyes were adjusting. Her sister unbuttoned the young man's shirt and ran her finger down his chest, while the others gathered round. Jodie, heavy and full-breasted, took something out of her oversized purse and swung it. There was a sound like when Becca's mother used a meat mallet to tenderize steak before soaking it in marinade—but the boy, Rob, didn't fall, because the girls were pressed tight around him, holding him up. They laid him on the concrete shell of the turtle, his back arched by its curvature, and Jodie took something else out of her purse. Becca recognized the bulky, rounded silhouette of a roll of duct tape.
Wrists and ankles taped to the turtle's legs, the boy moaned and tried to raise his head. Jodie wrapped a strip of tape across his mouth, then around the tail of the turtle. Becca scuffed her feet in the dirt beneath the swing, but didn't let it move freely because that might make a noise. Shh.
The older girls began to undress, some of them folding their clothes neatly and others dropping them carelessly in piles. Becca was afraid they'd make her be naked, too. She was ashamed of her hairless pubes and relatively flat chest. But they ignored her, and began to dance around the supine young man. One of them—wispy Heather, who scarcely looked older than Becca—reached out to touch him, but Alison slapped her hand away.
They danced, their feet making a heartbeat on the packed earth. Their fingers flicked out and touched one another’s, a chaste, delicate brushing, then they joined hands in a circle. Becca hugged the chains that supported the swing against her chest to keep them quiet, holding her feet still. She was cold in spite of the warmth of the late-April breeze.
The circle of nude bodies began to revolve. The dim light confused Becca, making her see two rings spinning in opposite directions and many young women, too many. Their pale flesh was so luminous, as if there were a moon, but the sky was dark except for a few pinpoint stars—no, when she pulled her eyes away from her sister and the others, she saw an oval of deep purple above them. The color shimmered in and out of the visible spectrum, teasing Becca's eyes.
The worn cement of the turtle, usually a tired pinkish-gray by daylight, began to glow. Pure white, until the purple in the sky had to surge forth to compete with it, iridescent and difficult to look at. Becca turned her attention back to the circle of naked girls; she could see them clearly now. They were leaning back, supporting each other with their hands. They spun faster, faster, their eyes closed and their teeth bared in grins of ecstasy.
A new sound, like the crackle of a microphone tapped by a finger, yet not the same. Nor was it quite the sound of static from a radio set between stations, or the surf against a rocky coastline, although it had something of the qualities of all of these. A rush of air made dirt fly up in Becca's face, stinging her eyes. There was a white-hot flash of light from the turtle and a burst of noise, filling and incapacitating her senses.
When she could see again, a little, it was dark and the girls were pulling on their clothes and gathering slack loops of tape, pulling them from the turtle's limbs.
"Too bad about Rob, I kind of liked him."
"Well you'll have to find someone else to like." Alison's voice was sharp, brooking no challenge to her authority.
"Anyone got a cigarette?" Heather's soft voice sounded as if it were coming from far away.
"No, I'm trying to quit."
"Just a minute, I got one in here someplace."
Becca could feel a wetness between her legs, and her cheeks heated invisibly in the darkness. Had she really pissed her pants? She didn't think she'd been that scared. She dug around in her purse until she found a tissue, and stuck it down the front of her underwear, lodging it where she felt the dampest. She hoped none of them could see. Some got on her hand, and she tried to wipe it off on another tissue, then went over to stand near the others.
Heather's lighter flared, and that was when Becca saw the shocking red smear on her fingers. Only for a moment, and then it was dark again.
She held her hand up to her face, breathing in the sharp, electric stink. They were ignoring her again, but next year she wouldn't just watch:
She would be one of them.

Neverath

"Someone is following us.” Tanea's voice was calm, and she kept her eyes on the path as she walked. Avery wondered how she could see well enough to keep from stumbling, when it was so dark that even his sharp nocturnal eyes could not pick out much detail from the rock-strewn desert that surrounded them on all sides.
"Following us? I don't hear anything. Are you sure?"
"They're back a ways, tracking us by magic. Every few minutes I can feel them checking on our progress."
Avery restrained the urge to look back up the trail. It frustrated him that Tanea's sorcerous powers allowed her to sense things he could not, and he found what she'd said worrisome, as well. The tapestries they were bringing to the marketplace in Seeho were quite valuable, invested as they were with magical qualities by the sisters of Tanea's order, who patiently wove them by hand in the deep subterranean chambers of their temples.
But Tanea had concealed their merchandise—along with most of their camping gear—in one of the pockets she could fold into space, allowing them to carry all of it effortlessly and invisibly. If whoever was following them knew about the tapestries, they must also know of Tanea's abilities; if they still meant to try robbery, it followed that they must have formidable powers of their own.
"How much information have you picked up about whoever's back there?” Avery kept his voice low.
"Not much. But, I do see a way out of this… here, take my hand. I'm going to leave the trail in a moment, and when I do, stay close—now!” She began to run, leaping nimbly over small rocks and threading her way around the larger ones.
A sudden, blinding light drove Avery to his knees. It was nothing like the subtle transition of the warp-gates he was accustomed to. At first he thought the light was part of whatever magic Tanea was using, and need only be endured for a moment, but it did not go away even after she released his hand. He clawed at the hood of his shadow-cloak until he managed to pull it up, then hid his hands in his sleeves. Covered from head to foot in shadow-cloth, he felt no worse than if he'd been looking out at the daylight from inside the shelter of a cave or a building with thick stone walls. The cloak, black in dim lighting, flared pale blue as it absorbed the abundant solar energy.
"You might have warned me it would be daytime here."
"Didn't think of it. Sorry."
They were in a field of dry grass. Avery could see a dirt road over to his left. When he stood up, Tanea headed in that direction. He followed, not without misgivings. "How far will we have to walk?"
"Only a few miles."
The cloak did make it possible for him to walk that far in bright daylight… possible, but hardly pleasant. Why hadn't he thought to bring a pair of sunglasses? Keeping his eyes on the chalky dust that covered the road, so that his hood covered as much of his face as possible, he glowered at his shadow. 
Not shadow; shadows, two of them. One dark and short, almost directly ahead of him; the other off to one side, longer and less pronounced. His scalp tingled. He'd known that the Lands Between led to other worlds, but he'd never seen anything like this before. It appeared that Tanea had managed to drag him someplace where there were not just one sun high overhead, but rather two of them. His feet felt unusually heavy, and he wondered if this were just normal daylight-induced lethargy, or if the planet had a higher gravitational pull than he was accustomed to.
"What is this place? It doesn't look like there's anything but dead grass for miles and miles—how many is 'a few,’ anyway?"
"It looks flat here, but there's quite a curve to the horizon. The city of Neverath is right up ahead, not so far as all that…"
Tanea turned to look at him inquisitively as he stopped, unable in his shock to do more than send her a wordless *!!* in reply. After a moment Avery managed to say, "Neverath! You must be—we have to go back. We'd be much better off taking our chances with whoever was following us."
"It's a one-way gate.” She gestured back out at the featureless brown plain they'd come away from. "It wouldn't have been my first choice, but it was the only one available. Don't worry, though, I know what I'm doing. Come on. Let's keep walking."
He fell into step beside her, if only to prevent her from ignoring what he had to say. "Well, I guess we're stuck here for the moment, then, but I don't think it's a very good idea to try to go into the city."
"We don't have any choice. I only know of one gate out of here, and it's in Lord Rendle's palace. But he won't—"
"Lord Rendle! Do you expect that he and his gang of psychopaths will greet me as some sort of long-lost cousin, and offer us the key to the city? More likely, they'll kill me on sight—you, they might keep as livestock."
"We're not exactly helpless, Avery. At any rate, we'll be out of Neverath before the sun sets. Rendle will never know we were here."

Some thousands of weary steps later, Avery could see farms; rows of stunted plant life tended by a few sun-bronzed, muscular humans, who watched sullenly as the two travelers approached. Avery felt vulnerable, worried less about Lord Rendle, now, than the peasants with their long-handled hoes. From all he'd heard, Rendle's regime was brutal, and the farmers could not but resent their vampire overlords. Nor could they mistake what he was, with his face hidden so deeply in the hood of his shadow-cloak and every inch of his skin shielded from the sunlight. True, he and Tanea each had their defenses, but both of them were weaker in the daytime, and if a group of the locals attacked them all at once…
As they passed one farm after another, the farmers did nothing but watch. After a time Avery could see the fortified city itself, a collection of stone buildings surrounded by a high wall. It looked forbidding.
As they drew closer, a young man working in front of a sunbaked shack shouted at them. "We pay our taxes! When are we going to get some rain?” A large woman, probably his mother, struck him a savage open-handed blow to the side of the head, and dragged him inside, looking apprehensively back over her shoulder at Avery. His own fear turned, at least momentarily, to embarrassment; he didn't care to be identified with Rendle and his pack. He began to consider the possibility of rain, or at least a few clouds… not to answer the human's request—the man hadn't paid him any taxes, after all—but just for the sake of a little shade. When he sent his mind seeking into the atmosphere, he found virtually no moisture. How does anyone live in such a place?
When they reached the city gates, they were stopped by three brawny human guards, all of whom held vicious-looking wooden spears.
"See your safepassage," demanded one, a woman whose shoulders were as massive as those of her male comrades.
"We're here to see Lord Rendle," Tanea said in a low, sweet voice that nevertheless carried the unmistakable ring of authority. "Is there a place we can wait until he's able to speak with us?"
"Safepassage," the woman guard repeated.
"Don't think they've got one, Ani," one of the men commented.
"My companion is of the night blood, and kin to Lord Rendle," Tanea said. "It will go better for you if you escort us to—"
"You'll get your chance to meet His Lordship, bitch—meantime, only place we'll be escorting you is to a cell.” Ani had tucked her spear under one arm and was pointing a long, slender wand at them. Avery held very still. Set in the end of this wand was a yellow-green blast-crystal; if activated by the guard's mental command, it would emit a cone of lethal destructive energy—a fairly wide one, judging from the way the crystal was cut. Ani knew enough to hold it away from the shadows of her body so that it could borrow the full power of both suns, and the light that passed through the crystal made a pair of poisonous green coruscations which were starting to burn into the packed dirt of the road. Avery glanced around and saw that the other two guards had also taken out blast-wands. Dear Goddess, it was hopeless! How could this have happened so quickly?
"Take down that hood, you—let's have a look."
Avery obeyed, and the sunlight washed over his face like molten wax. It was all he could do to keep from screaming, but he didn't want to startle the guards, not while they held those wands.
"Think he's really a vamp?"
"Like enough—he looks it. Not one of ours, though."
"Why don't we kill him now, keep the girl for ourselves?"
"Don't be a fool, Cluf. If His Lordship found out, we'd all find ourselves serving in the yards."
"Come on, Ani—how's he going to find out? Give Dorn and me a couple of hours with her, then since you've no use for her that way, you get half the price she'll fetch when we sell her, and we two will split the other half. That's fair, don't you think?"
Tanea's face was pale with anger. "I warn you, your lord will not be pleased if you continue to treat us in this manner. I am a Priestess of the Dark Moon, and—” Ani brought up the butt-end of her spear and dealt the priestess a solid blow to the midsection.
Tanea bent over and wrapped her arms around herself, but her head whipped up, eyes glowing with blue-white radiance as bright as Avery's shadow-cloak.
"Tanea, no!” Avery did not find much comfort in the knowledge that the blast-crystal radiation would kill him almost instantaneously. Tanea would not be so lucky; she would die from it, but not for hours. Perhaps days. She looked around at the guards, and their weapons, and the blue fire in her eyes died away.
"You two fools still want to take her behind the shed? Come on, let's move.” Ani prodded Avery in the back with the fire-hardened tip of her spear.
They were herded into a building, then shoved into a windowless room. A metal door slammed shut, leaving them in a darkness so deep that even Avery's night-vision revealed nothing about their surroundings, although his other senses told him that they were in a small, low-ceilinged chamber with stone walls. He was so glad to be out of the daylight that he didn’t care what would happen come nightfall; he curled up in a corner and let the burden of consciousness drop away from him.

When he woke, the room was filled with a sourceless, restfully dim light. Tanea sat leaning against a wall, facing him, with something that looked like a bundle of rags in her lap.
"Avery! I was beginning to wonder if you'd ever wake up. I could feel over an hour ago that it was full dark. They brought me some bread and stew while you were asleep, better than I'd have expected, actually, but all they left for you was this poor baby."
Still numb and dazed from his exposure to the binary suns, Avery had not realized that the thing in her lap was a human infant, wrapped in one of the expensive tapestries they were supposed to be transporting to Seeho. He flared his nostrils; the child smelled healthy enough, if not particularly clean. "Fine. Give it here."
Tanea looked horrified and clutched the baby close to her chest. What, Avery wondered, was her problem? "They left it for me, didn't they? Not for you. And I'm hungry. Now, give it over."
"She's not an it, Avery, and I can't believe you'd really—” Avery rose to his feet with inhuman fluidity. Tanea stopped talking, and stood up too, albeit less gracefully. Her eyes took on a dangerous luminosity. "You can't have her. If you need blood, though, you're welcome to some of mine.” Avery was tempted, but the last time he'd tasted Tanea's blood, the experience had left him feeling weak and dizzy. Wasn't that supposed to work the other way around?
"Keep the damn thing, then, although I don't see what good it will do you.” He slumped against the wall of their cell. "I wish I'd never left Chicago. We're going to be killed, you know, and Rendle will only give the baby to someone else, anyway.” He glanced at it wistfully; wasn't he at least entitled to a last meal?
"Don't be silly. Everything will work out, you'll see.” She touched the sleeping infant's cheek with her finger; it didn't stir.
Avery suspected she'd spelled it to keep it quiet. He found her show of maternal instinct a little hard to take at face value; of the three aspects of womanhood, Tanea's order—the House of the Dark Moon—embodied the Maiden and the Crone, bypassing that of the Mother. Tanea had no more use for an infant than he did—more to the point, he did have a use for it.
"What do you want with the damn baby, anyway?” Avery asked plaintively.
The metal door rattled and swung open. Two guards, Tsaia this time, brought them through a series of long, echoing hallways to an elegantly appointed room where a short vampire of unremarkable appearance stood next to a long dining table. Unremarkable, that is, until Avery met his eyes, which fairly crackled with eldritch power.
Lord Rendle—for it could be no other—dismissed his guards with a wave. "Do sit down, children.” He took Tanea's elbow, with an amused look at the colorfully swaddled baby, and led her around to the far side of the table, where he pulled out a chair for her and took the one beside it for himself. Avery sat across from them in the only remaining chair, and found himself facing a mirror; he forced away the visions that came to any of his kind who looked into a reflective surface. He could not allow the silvery glass to entrance him now, as useful as his scrying abilities might be on other occasions, so he allowed himself to see only the room and its three occupants in the mirror. Lord Rendle observed his mastery of this basic discipline without looking particularly impressed. They both knew that Avery was, by far, the weaker of the two vampires.
An adolescent boy entered the room, carrying two jewel-encrusted goblets on a tray. There were dark circles under his eyes, and dozens of scars and healing puncture wounds on his thin arms, which shook so badly that Avery held his breath until the boy had set down the tray at one end of the table. He brought one cup to Tanea—Avery caught a whiff of wine, and the boy's nervous sweat—and set the other in front of Avery, who lifted it to smell the contents. Human blood, and quite fresh. No point in refusing it; if Lord Rendle wanted to harm him, he wouldn’t need to use anything as subtle as poison. The taste and feel of it was incredible, a soothing balm like a rain shower turning dry, cracked earth back into good topsoil.
When he looked up again, Rendle was running his fingers through Tanea's hair. The priestess's expression was remote. "So what shall I do with the two of you, eh?"
"Let us go," Tanea suggested. Lord Rendle smiled, and rested his hand on the back of her neck. Tanea relaxed visibly and leaned up against his arm. Did she really think, Avery wondered, that it would be as simple as that? He gazed at the mirror, eyes roaming idly over the things reflected in it. The room was crammed with lavish furnishings—brass-bound trunks, paintings in gilded frames, intricately carved hardwood display cabinets full of expensive-looking trinkets. An archway led into a walled courtyard, which was planted with ornamental trees. A slight breeze carried in the scent of over-ripe fruit.
"You’re a friendly thing, aren't you," Lord Rendle said to Tanea. "I suppose I can find a place for you among my favorites. You can even keep your little pet.” He stroked the velvety fuzz on top of the baby's head. "But what are we to do with your friend?"
Tanea shrugged artfully and gave him a playful nip on the shoulder. *distract him!* she mind-sent to Avery. *throw your cup at him or something*
Avery looked at the mirror and pretended not to have heard. Rendle had probably picked up the supposedly private transmission, and even if he hadn't, Avery was having no part of whatever plan the sorceress had come up with. She was the one who'd gotten them into this mess in the first place. Perhaps if he just told Rendle he could keep her…
*Avery! I know you can hear me!* Avery pushed the empty goblet away with the side of his hand, and sat back in his chair.
Tanea let out a high-pitched shriek and clutched at Rendle's arm. "A rat!” She pointed, and Avery turned to look, although not before he caught the look on the vampire lord's face; the idea of finding any such hint of corruption amidst the opulence of his dining chamber clearly horrified and dismayed him.
Avery felt something like the wind a large truck might create if it passed quite close to him at a high speed, but the curtains on either side of the stone archway hung undisturbed, belying that there had been any great movement of air. He turned back to the table in time to see Lord Rendle collapse, much as if someone had struck him a hard blow from behind.
"Honestly," Tanea said acidly, "did you really think I wanted to apply for membership in his little harem?"
"We still have to get out of here.” Not surprisingly, no one had come running in response to Tanea's scream; but Avery remembered how many armed, alert Tsaia there had been in the maze of corridors they'd traversed on their way to the dining chamber.
"Oh, that's not any problem. We're right where we want to be. The warp-gate is right through here.” She led the way into the courtyard; it was not very large. But as they wound through the trees in a seemingly aimless pattern, circling around and crossing their backtrail as if they were children playing some game of follow-the-leader, the stone walls that defined it seemed to be farther apart.
With each twist and turn, the trees that surrounded them grew taller, until they towered high overhead and their trunks hid any sign of Rendle's palace. All Avery's senses told him that he was deep in the woods, far from any human habitat. Starlight, filtered through a rich canopy of leaves, provided just enough illumination for him to see adequately.
"Any chance he'll be able to follow us here?"
"Not likely—he'd have a hard time figuring out which way we took, and beyond that, it'll be three or four nights before 'his lordship' wakes up."
"Unless one of his followers takes the opportunity to kill him so they can rule in his place.” Avery doubted it would be much of an improvement, but he didn't imagine it would make matters much worse, either. "What do you mean to do with that infant, anyway? It'll starve if you keep it spelled unconscious, you know. It's too young to eat that trail jerky you're always chewing. I suppose you could work a spell on yourself, though, so that you'd commence to lactate."
Tanea looked revolted—which had been Avery's intent; he thought she was entirely too smug about the way she'd handled Rendle. "I've slowed the hours for her, so she'll be all right until we reach the house of my order, where we'll be spending the day. I'm sure the housekeeper there will be able to find someone to look after her."
"But what do you intend to do with her? Not take her on to Seeho, I hope. "
"Offer her to the Lady whom I serve, of course—all that I do is in Her honor, Avery, you know that."
Avery had been more than willing to kill the child for its blood, but the thought of it being used for some ritual sacrifice made him uneasy. "Will it be, um, quick?"
Tanea looked at him blankly for a moment, then pulled the unnaturally still baby close to her as if she were afraid he'd make a grab for it. "Barbarian! Think, now; we don't bear children of our own, so where do you imagine our novices come from? Good luck that it's a girl—more than luck, perhaps. The Lady's blessing. Appropriate, really, that we should find her in Neverath."
 "How so?"
 "Don't you know what Neverath means in the old tongue? I'm surprised at you. It translates as 'rebirth.'” Tanea's laughter, wild and yet as musical is glass windchimes, rang out into the night forest.

About the author:
Katherine X. Rylien began writing fiction in high school, as a way to escape mentally what she could not evade physically. She found that if she tried to read a book, it would be confiscated, but if she scribbled in a notebook, people assumed she was taking notes.

More recently, she has enjoyed martial arts, flying small planes, skydiving, and a variety of other adventures. Katherine lives in eastern North Carolina and works as a network administrator. She has recently rediscovered her love of writing. Her fiction is a blend of fantasy, horror, and science fiction.

Her current project is a novel about time travel, vampires, and a haunted house where the ghosts are products of lost technology from the nineteenth century. She hopes to release that in early 2021.

If you enjoy her work, she'd love to hear from you at katherine.rylien@gmail.com! 

