

WHEN LIONS RUN
BOOK 4
VEIL OF THE MONSTER

P.D. STARGAZER

Copyright © 2019 P.D. Stargazer
All rights reserved.
stargazerstories.com
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by ebooklaunch.com


Special thanks to all my wonderful family and friends for all their loving support.

CONTENTS
Prologue
1. Bryent Spots
2. The Laughing Angel
3. Confession
4. Stones Of The Heart
5. Here We Go
6. You Came From Me
7. Plans
8. The Dirty Girls
9. More Sisters
10. In The Sawtee Countryside
11. Arrival
12. Yours For The Taking
13. Welcome
14. Ladies In The Night
15. Let The Games Begin
16. What’s Going On Here
17. Wanderland
18. There She Is Again
19. The World Of Odyois
20. More Than You Wanted To Know
21. The Bad Queen
22. Not This Time
23. Night Of The Monster
24. There Will Be Hell To Pay
25. Punishment
26. Abinnar, Of Many Tangs
27. Spots
28. What Are The Chances
29. I Was Once Beautiful Like You
30. Like Mice
31. Murder
32. Odyois Has A Dream
33. Afternoon Prayer
34. Vow Of Silence
35. It Burns Like Kindle
36. Odyois Runs
37. Odyois
38. Anything? Nothing
39. Plans
40. Del And Elleyn
41. The New Losman
42. Moonlight
43. My Mission
44. Home
45. Good Morning

PROLOGUE
Some time had passed since Von brought the rest of the family out of TowHummy and into Exiland. Donna gave birth to another son, Hunter. She wasn’t alone as the population had tripled in size. Although not needed Von and his now teen son Rory, helped build a small army, just in case.
The Lossmen stayed an intimidating barrier to outsiders. The TowHummy and all their gold itched in the back of their minds, as their kings came and fell in Sawtee. On the other side, the Cods lived well and had commerce with the Misch.
Elleyn worked as expected with his grandfathers in the laboratory. Michael loved medicine and was also often found in the laboratory or the library. Hunter was still young and could be found everywhere.
Blair’s sons were architects and were responsible for the expansion of the palace grounds, roadways and were in the midst of carving a massive fortress wall from a mountain.
Then there was Gabe. He was at the center of everything; he handled the kingdom purse strings.
But no matter how content, comfortable and secure you are, tucked away in your warm corner, eventually you have to come out for some reason.

1.
BRYENT SPOTS
The family, all but the king had gathered in a room with physicians to bid a sad farewell to Nina and Gabe’s three week old baby, Bryent. This is the third child they will lose to a strange ailment, spots covering his body and a high fever. Nina and Gabe couldn’t believe that not even the wonders of Exiland could save the child.
King Vincent entered the room demanding to know how this was possible. He was assured that all had been done. The infant had perhaps one more day. He stood over the crib alone, almost angry. He turned to Gabe and Nina, staring them down with a scowl but said nothing. He turned back to the babe and then his brow lifted. He slowly turned to his Queen, Kissna. He pulled her aside and whispered something in her face. Whatever it was, terrified her, she covered her mouth with both hands.
The king turned to his son Gabe, “Do you trust me with what’s left of your son’s life?”
Gabe and Nina lifted their heads with hope. “Yes father, anything.” The king picked up the child and handed him to Kissna.
Kissna looked up at the king with pleading watery eyes. “What, what do I do?”
He wasn’t smiling, “It’s your mess, you fix it.” And in a huff, he was out the door.
With all eyes tight on her, Kissna pulled herself together as best she could. Looking down at the child, she expressed in a manner uncommon to her. “I, I, I’ll do what I can.” She rushed from the room as questions raced her down the hall. But none would be answered after she slammed the door behind her.
Nina paced the floor, pining for her child. It had been three weeks, and no one had seen the queen but Rose, who was also tight lipped and scarcely seen. Gabe was grateful for everyday he was not informed of his child’s death. Another day, whether he saw him or not, he was alive, and now it had been three weeks.
Von and Donna were also a little anxious. Their last son Hunter had two of the same spots on one of his small legs. Not knowing what it was, they ignored it, and it faded away. Now they were concerned and curious at the least.
At last, word came for Nina to come to the queen’s private chambers and it invited just her, not her husband. Her body could not get there fast enough. On the way, she discovered her sister and Donna had also been invited.
The first sign that this was a happy occasion was the smile on Rose’s round face when she opened the door. Bustling dresses flooded the warm room with color and yearning excitement.
But if that wasn’t enough, seeing Kissna was another stunner, to say the least. She sat like a Queen on a large red velvet gold thrown. In her arms, suckling from her breast was a spotless child. Nina could hear him coo and see his arms wave and legs kick. She hit the floor at the foot of the Queen and burst into tears of joy. She wanted to thank her, but the lump in her throat was so large she couldn’t speak. Donna and Carla sat close as Kissna handed the baby to his mother. They were in awe, and tears of joy ran heavy.
Kissna covered herself. “Yes, you have questions, how even at my age, I can suckle a babe, it can only be the wonders of this place. And yes, there are things you don’t know and that I must tell you. But for today lets just thank God for giving us our child back. Before you leave, for obvious reasons, I forbid you to speak of what you have seen here. Swear upon your lives that you will never tell another soul. Your husbands, the king, no one must know. I have given you back your son, please don’t taunt me.” She gave Donna a stern look, “I mean no one. Am I understood?” Intimidated, they nodded in unison.
The palace was in a complete uproar. The royal infant was alive but how? Rumors ran the Queen from a gifted spiritual healer to a witch of the black arts. And the four ladies who knew the truth, claimed no knowledge. Kissna was right on all accounts. The King whom she would tell herself, was the only exception.
When Gabe laid eyes on his lovely wife, holding his now healthy and happy infant son, his heart burst with joy, and he couldn’t have cared less as to how it happened. But such was not the case for his brother.
The Queen had given Donna the harsh warning for a good reason, it seems she knows her son well. No one pressed harder than Von for the answers, he hadn’t forgotten the incident three weeks before, something about the way the king pulled her aside, what was that all about? He knew his wife knew nothing before, but she certainly did now. He was relentless, the more she refused, the more he obsessed over it day and night. He could hardly sleep, this was big, after all, it was his parents. First the pendant from hell and now this. Who are these people I thought I knew, he wondered?
At first, Von’s constant badgering was intolerable. The Queen simply ordered him away, but poor Donna was at wit's end until she took a good look at his tortured face. She felt sorry for him but at the same time, knowing the truth, that it was a sweet and wonderful thing, made it all laughable. The more he pushed, the funnier it became.
Where normally he would be about his business, he seemed to follow her around, sulking. He knew she was his best chance of solving the mystery. In the sitting room they shared lunch, honey baked nuts, cheese, fruit, and wine. It was a lovely spring day, and the windows blew in nose flaring fresh air.
“I still can’t get over mother healing that baby.” He waited for her to pick up the conversation. “If the black rock couldn’t save him, how could she?” He watched her and waits again.
Donna tries to change the subject. “My father said they have started to quarry the mountain range and that one day there will be a huge fortress wall as high as the east and west peeks, can you believe it?”
“Yes, I was there,” Slightly irritated but loving the subject, he added, “The fortification itself will be the mountain, but on our side, it will look like a wall. Blair said it’s hard stone but when they are done Towten may get a little more sunshine.”
“That’s so wonderful, I hate to think of Towten or Hummy, cold and empty. Restoring them sounds fascinating.”
“Not as fascinating as my mother healing that baby.” He bounced back to his topic.
Donna’s voice softened, and her eyes lit up. “Dearest, you should have seen Nina’s face when mother handed her, her babe back. Oh God,” She reached over and caressed his face. “it made my heart swell.”
“In that case,” he protested, “you must see the importance of telling me how she did it. How could you not? You saw those same very spots on our own son. Don’t you think I should be able to protect him should they reappear?”
With compassion filled eyes, “You know I’m sworn to secrecy, I can’t tell you.”
Von tried to reason, “Whatever it is, it just saved a child’s life, and you keep it a secret?” Knowing better, he tries, “She’s my own mother I’m sure she wants me to know.”
But Donna’s wise, “Then you should go ask her yourself.
He rose from his seat, and paced around the small table, pulling on his chin whiskers as if he had an idea. “What if you just point at it, or keep your eyes on it, put it in your lap, leave one on the table? I’ll find it, and you will never have said a word.”
Reflecting on what had actually saved the child, caused Donna to cry out laughing. But Von persisted, “Whatever it is, I know I can find it, I can do it.”
Donna laughed all the harder and louder. “No, my heart, you can’t.”
Knuckles to the table, he leaned over it, looking a little defeated. Donna understood his pain, and with a little wit, she relented. “Okay, okay, you’re such a big baby about it. I’ll tell you.”
Von grinned from ear to ear, grabbed his chair and swooped down beside her. She paused for a moment. “It was the smoke from the purple stones, she had the baby inhale it day after day, the whole time she had him. She would put the stones onto a physician’s tray and set them ablaze.” Donna’s voice changed, her eyes widened as her hands told the story. “Then she blew the smoke into the infant's face and all over his body.”
Von’s eyes darted, he slowly rose from his seat. “Purple stone, Amethyst? But I've never seen them burn.”
“No, no, not like any stone I’ve ever seen.”
“A stone you can burn. It must have come from deep in the Lossmen somewhere.” He clasped his finger and rubbed his thumbs.
Not wanting him to journey too far for her fictional remedy, she added, “No, I’m sure it wasn’t from the forest. And remember, I didn’t tell you anything. You mustn’t mention it to anyone?”
In deep thought, as though he didn’t hear a word she said, he replied softly, “Sure.” And swiftly left the room.
Donna breathed a sigh of relief. She imagined the yarn would keep him deep in his books for a few days, maybe even a week.

2.
THE LAUGHING ANGEL
A week later, Von saw Nina joyfully bounce from a room with her healthy babe in her arms. After a short greeting, he peeps in to find his wife and mother. It looked like the perfect time to confront her with the question that had been biting at him for two weeks. He had spent hours hovering over book after book looking for anything about a purple smoking stone. He found nothing, even in the old books of the Lossmen Forest, with all its peculiar oddities, it made no mention of purple smoking stones.
As Von made a beeline to the queen, Donna took notice, as it was out of character for him to pop in for a casual chitchat with the ladies. Standing close to his mother, he leaned over and whispered, “We need to talk, you need to tell me about the cure.”
Kissna looked him straight in the eyes, “I told you, I have nothing to tell you.”
“Mother, I already know,” Kissna raised an eyebrow. “about the purple stones.”
His words put her mind at ease. “What stones? She blurted out loud enough for Donna to hear, and she starts to snicker.
Von whispered lower, “I know, I know about the smoking stones, but you need to tell me where to find them and how to use them.”
Kissna frowned and shook her head. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, purple stones.” She pushed him out of her way and moved to a table where she had been rearranging flowers in a vase. He followed.
“Mother we need more of those stones. What if it happened again? This isn’t the kind of healing you should keep to yourself. Teach me, so I will at least be able to administer such a cure.”
Kissna became more irritated and louder. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, purple stones and smoke. What purple stones?”
Donna, sitting at a right angle, watching and hearing everything, could hold it in no longer and her giggle could be heard. Von froze, something about the way his mother’s response was all wrong. Normally when she held a secret, she wears a certain smile of satisfaction, but she wouldn’t tell an outright lie. She’d rather you pine and smolder for it. And then, in the background was that meddlesome giggle, telling him something. He dropped his head and blinked his eyes, he had been had.
Just about then, Donna eased out of her seat and slips out the door. Von takes another exit to cut her off. She checks to see if he’s following, and it looks like he’s not, but when she turned around, she bumped into him. Laughing hysterically, she wiped the tears from her eyes. He cornered her against the wall with his arms.
“You lied to me, you of all people. The one person I know would never like to me, you, my angel.”
Catching her breath, “You made me lie, you knew I was sworn to secrecy, but you just wouldn’t stop.” Still laughing, “So I told you the smoking rock story. And you weren’t supposed to say anything. Now I see you can’t be trusted with my secrets.” She snorts her way from under his arms, he is dumbfounded. She snickers her way down the hall occasionally turning to point.
“I will never go in that room again.” He muttered to himself.
That night, he found her sitting at a table cleaning her paint brushes. He circled around her a few times with his arms crossed. She couldn’t get the smirk off her face.
“Okay, so you can’t give me the slightest hint?”
“Oh, if you only knew.” She starts to snicker again.
“Can’t you see, if you have such a cure, you can’t keep it to yourself.”
Laughing louder now, she tried to catch her breath, “Stop, stop, okay, I’ll tell you.” She put on a straight face. But the moment he looked into her eyes she started to giggle, and he knew she was lying. Frustrated he left the room and can still hear her chortles out into the hall.

3.
CONFESSION
A few weeks later, the adult royal family had gathered around a long table facing a rather large covered painting of the boys and their hulyees. While they waited for the King to arrive, the room filled with idle chitchat.
Then, “I don’t think I know this artist, do I?” Carla questioned herself out loud.
“Yes, you do,” Gabe answered, “He was with us in Towten.”
Carla responded bluntly, “Oh, well, after that spell with the pendant from hell, I just can’t remember anything.
Her words put a wrinkle in the Queen’s brow, and the others caught their breath and try to keep up the small talk.
“Where are you planning to hang it?” Blair asked.
“Between ours in the main gallery,” Donna answered.
But it was too late, Kissna narrowed her eyes and looked them all over one by one until she stopped at Von, who returned the speculative gaze for too long. He watched her tighten her fist and thought, this is the moment where you save grace or lose it.
The Queen slammed her fist down on the table and roared out in a harsh tone. “Why am I seeing my oldest sister and where is the cursed pendant?” Her outburst stunned the room into silence. Still scowling, she got to her feet. “Somebody had better tell me, or I’ll have all your tongues!” She went from face to face at the silent table and stopped at Von.
He answered objectively, “Towten had more stories than we confessed.”
Gabe interrupted, “You should know that Von always wanted to tell you, but we kept him…”
With her eyes heavy on Von, she snapped back. “You can’t keep him from doing anything. Explain.”
Again, Von took note. It was a rare sight to see the Queen so angry she trembled. “I opened the north tower, the far far north tower.”
Kissna put her hand to her forehead, closed her eyes, threw her head back and took a deep broken sigh.
Von went on. “It was locked, but there was no decree or seal. You know I would have honored it. With all the rubble, I thought it had been abandoned, forgotten, deserted after a bad earthquake.” He raised his brow and with a long breath expelled, “Carla found the pendant, we dealt with it, and all is well.”
With one hand still on her forehead, Kisssna waves the other in protest. “No, no, no, all is not well. Where is the pendant now?”
Von and Blair both answer in unison.
Von said, “It's back in its dark place in Towten.”
And Blair blurted out. “I have it.”
Von jumped from his seat completely outraged, with eyes wild, he asked, “What! Have you gone mad, bringing that cursed jewel of the devil here? All these years you’ve had it?” Mouths fell open, and all eyes were on Blair.
Thoughts of all and everything that had gone wrong since their arrival in Exiland was suddenly attributed to Blair having it in his possession, including the bad health of Gabe and Nina’s son.
Blair flushed red but kept his composure. “I had to, in her condition I wasn’t sure that her soul wasn’t trapped in it. If I had lost her, I would have buried it with her, and no one would have been the wiser.”
Von was dumbfounded and fell back in his seat. Kissna crossed her arms and started to circle the table. “As with anything that evil it’s out of control. So, you know the story of my oldest sister?” Von answered yes with his eyes. “How did you find out about that? And she really wasn’t that beautiful, it was that pheromone that rolled off her head. Even the women could smell it.” She grimaced.
She stopped in the middle of the floor before them. “Carla was afflicted? Then how is it she sits here before me?”
“I’m not positive,” Blair answered, “but I believe it was the moonlight. On the way here, our wagon was filled with it when she materialized.”
“And it was the full moon that started it all,” Nina added
The queen looked down on Carla’s bewildered face. “And you child, you have nothing to say for yourself?”
Carla dropped her head and shook it, no, “I recall nothing, nothing at all.”
The room went quiet for a few moments while Kissna thought, she took a seat in the king’s chair. Then with her eyes scanning their faces, she demanded. “I want the stone, and this must be kept secret. Above all, it cannot reach the king. There is no telling what kind of action he’ll take. Our very lives may be at stake.”
That wasn’t the response Von had expected or wanted, “Mother, with all due respect, you know how you felt when you found out this had been kept from you. How can we keep it from him?”
Looking in his face, she replied, “Von, my sisters, and I were dungeon'd and scheduled for beheading, around this incident. Do you really think I want to bring up a name not spoken since his father’s death? We dare not mention this in any way.
“Then let us destroy it,” Von blasted, “hammer it to dust, melt it down. What are we to do with it?”
“No!” Blair leans out, I wouldn’t do that. “I’m not sure what effect trying to destroy it would have. In these past years, I searched for its origin and discovered it’s a Harpies Blood Stone. It’s from the outland, and there’s a ring too.” Blair has everyone’s attention. “It was hued from a singular blue vein in a large moonstone, but when it was cut, it turned a clear deep blue.” He took Carla’s hand. “When I first saw it on her, it was not blue, it was white.”
Nina gasp, “This is true. When we found it, it was blue.”
Blair went on, “But when I went back to that room to recover it, it had what looked like a bloodstain in it.”
Von grimaced, “I only recall seeing it white.” He glanced at Donna who shook her head, as she and Rose never dared to look at it while it was in their possession.
“What color is it now? Von asked.
“It’s back to its original beautiful blue. I believe this harpy stone is one of a kind, coming from deep in the belly of the earth when this small continent was being formed. It changes the life force of the person wearing it. The minerals react to only female chemistry, the place and time in conjunction with the moon. How it ended up here, I suspect the Sawtee. It is indeed a devious weapon of profound evil, capable of killing a king.”
Von narrowed his eyes, “What’s keeping me from hammering it to dust?”
“What’s to keep it from blowing in the wind and cursing everything it comes in contact with?” Blair shook his head, “I’m not saying I know. I’m asking if you want to take that chance?”
Discouraged, Von eyed Blair. “That sounds ridiculous… but if I hadn’t seen it for myself, I’d call you a liar.”
Blair replied calmly. “Then you yourself, stand before me a lie. You should have been dead years ago. Yet here you are.”
Von raised a brow. “Granted, so how do we end this nightmare?
Kissna interrupted with a deep sigh, “Give me the stone. I know where it belongs.”
“What?” Von objected, “Where does it belong? And do you really think we can keep this a secret from him? Whatever your hiding let’s get it out, let's get it over with.”
“Son, did you not hear me? In a rage, he could kill us all.”
“Mother, he’s not Sawtee, and after all these years don’t you think he may have mellowed a little?” Von rose, stood close, and whispered. “It’s just that my relationship with him is one of deep respect. I’m sick to hell with this sneaking and concealing the whole damn story. I need to confess it.”
The queen responded loud enough for all to hear. “At the cost of all of us?”
All eyes are on him. “I said I would take full responsibility. Can’t you see this is for all of you as well? Won’t you feel a sense of relief when the true story is exposed? Don’t you see it could happen again?”
The queen got louder, “You don’t want to confess, you want the king to confess. Well I can tell you, Blair knows more about that evil thing than he does. And I know even less. What you want, he doesn’t have.”
Von stepped away defiant, “There’s more here and if I have to tell him, to get it I will.”
The double doors opened, and the king entered, “Tell me what?” Vincent took a seat in his chair, clasp his hands with eyes on Von.
Von looked at his family then his mother and arrogantly eyed his father, hoping to shed some light on the dark questions in his mind. “There is more to the Towten journey then you were told.” The king nodded his head for Von to continue. “I found the north tower. There was no decree posted, and I opened it. Eventually, the pendant from hell was found and possessed one of us… for a short time. I take full responsibility.”
Vincent’s face contorted, he lunged from his chair right into Von’s face. “Don’t presume to tell me who takes responsibility. Get the hell out of here.” He waved his hand, “All of you!”
They all swiftly filed out, Von and Kissna lastly when the King grumbled, “Not you Kissna.”
As the door closed, Von looked back to see fear and sorrow on his mother’s face. He returned one of compassion, love, and concern.

4.
STONES OF THE HEART
Gabe led the rest of the family a few doors down to a sitting room, and when Von enters, he has to ask. “Well brother, are you happy now, do you feel better? In my whole life, I have never seen him so angry.”
“I must admit it was intimidating,” Blair commented.
Donna approached her husband, “Intimidating? It was outright frightening. And mother, she is truly terrified.”
Gabe crossed his arms and leaned back. “No one knows him better than you. What do you think he’ll do?”
Von dropped his head in thought, he scratched his bearded face and looked out a nearby open window. Turning back to the others standing in wait, he answered with a bit of sarcasm. “He’s not going to kill us. He could exile us, but even then, it would most likely just be me.” He turned his back to the window, with his elbows on the seal, clasps his fingers and rolled his thumbs in deep thought. “I just want the whole story. Look at it, he suffers a tremendous loss, his father the king, as a result of this pendant. He almost takes the head of the woman he loves, then what does he do? Takes the damn thing and buries it under a rock. All these years no one makes a peep, not even a note in the books. The king's heart failed is all it says. As far as I’m concerned this is partly his fault too.”
Nina narrowed her eyes and cried out, “No one is taking me back to Towten, I’ll run away first.” She glanced at her sister, wondering if she remembered the last time they ran off.
Gabe responded quickly, “There more wicked things out there than Towten.”
She snapped back, “We have gold, that should…”
Blair stopped her, “Make it worst. Did you not hear him say it would most likely just be him?”
Donna knows that if Von goes’s so will she, with eyes on him she adds the bright side, “My father said when they quarry the mountain the sun will shine all the way to Towten.”
Von corrected her, “Lam, that’s a lot of stone, and it will take years.”
“Well, my father knows lots of places we can hide.” She persisted.
Von got to his feet and vowed loudly. “What, a cave? I’m not living in a cave, in fact, I’m not going anyplace until I get the full story. Even if he takes my head, I’ll haunt him until he’s running down the halls screaming it!”
All eyes are on Carla when she admits, “This is all my fault, but I can’t recall any of it. Are you sure I…”
Their faces read yes, but no one said a word, then Blair took her hand with a soft consoling smile, “Yes, you did.”
Back staring out the window at a beautiful day, Von’s mind was down the hall wondering what was happening to his mother and pondering on whether he should intervene.
When they had left her, the queen stood in the middle of the room like a frightened rabbit, and the king circled her like a large bird of prey. What was he thinking she wondered? Why did this nightmare have to bring its darkness back into our lives again? It’s my fault, if I hadn’t demanded to know, it would still be their secret, and I wouldn’t be standing here, she thought.
It was like she was on trial all over again. She felt light headed, her heart pounded waiting for him to pass sentence. Suddenly he stopped right behind her. He pulled the pins and comb from her hair, in the deafening silence she could hear them hit the floor. Her eyes searched, wondering what he was doing. He took hold of her hair and twisted it in his fist so tight her eyes slant. He pulled her head to one side, stretching her long neck far enough to pull her shoulder out of her dress. Her fear was exposed as blood rapidly pulsed to her brain.
In her mind, she envisioned a huge lion with his mouth gaping wide and dripping sabers, ready to chomp. Or maybe he had a dagger in his other hand. She waited and instead felt the tickle of his whiskers and his soft lips slowly kissing her until he reached her ear, where he uttered in a harsh deep voice, “Kissna, I loved my father.”
He pulled away, her hair fell loose. But from the tone of his voice, she dares to budge. He fell back in his chair and looked off into nothingness. With excitement and elation, he bolstered, waving his hands. “Oh, you should have seen him. He would hit the battlefield like thunder and lightning. He literally scared half the Hummy to death. My brothers and I followed in his wake, fearlessly, fearlessly.
With his eyes still out there, he radiated, “We would come home, win or lose, rip off our bloody clothes and burn them in the fires of the feast. Even the wounded joined in the clearest ale and the loudest laughs. My ears would ring all night.” Much calmer he sighed, “No matter how many torches I lit in the great hall, I could never get it as bright as it once was.”
He rose from his seat and started to circle her again. Kissna was still hadn’t moved but was much more relaxed. With his hands behind him, he continued. “My mother and I were furious. We needed someone to punish, someone to hurt. You were her sisters and coming from the outland, you seemed the perfect target. My mother in her jealousy over Danica, wanted you all beheaded.
At last, he invited her to take a seat. Sitting across from her with a straight face he looked her square in the eyes. “I was a coward, I had you thrown into prison. I needed time to defuse the anger, the resentment, to think clearly, especially since I was the one who gave Danica the devilish thing.”
Kissna’s brows arched, her mouth fell a jar. Vincent grabbed her hand to explain. “You see, it was Merchants’ Day, and my father knowing how I felt about you, told me to pick a gift for all the sisters. At first, I picked the damn pendant out for you. It was the most beautiful thing in the entire lot. But I changed my mind and gave you the gold box all the gifts came in and put a note…”
Kissna smiled, “It read, this belongs to you, it may look empty, but if you close your eyes and look with your heart, you will see the box is filled with mine.”
“Word for word,” he gave her a smile with half mooned eyes. They clasp hands, “And you sent me a note saying you had taken it out of the box and put it in a safe place. In your breast next to your own heart.”
They passed a loving gaze before he went on. “I gave the pendant to Danica as she was the oldest sister, and my mother’s cousin had had his eye on her. Then like day and night, she changed into a seductive witch that was draining the life out of my father. My mother secretly put her in that tower, but my father found her and nothing could keep him away. On his deathbed, his last word was her name. That coal burned in my mother’s heart for the rest of her life.”
“You were all scheduled for death when word, the truth came from the monastery. You were all innocent, it was the pendant. I confronted the evil Danica and ripped the pendant from her neck. She fell to the floor, and I never saw her again. My mother in her jealousy, still wanted you all beheaded. Then the damnedest thing happened. More than any head, the queen wanted Danica’s but…, but she…” Vincent frowned in confusion.
There was a pause, the king rubbed his forehead. “I was crowned, and I sent you to the cottage and your sisters back to the monastery for their own safety. I wasn’t sure what my mother might do behind my back. I convinced her of your innocence, and she eventually recanted. By then the war was in full swing, and I felt you were all safer where you were.”
Vincent clasped and kissed the back of her hand. He looked softly into her eyes for a moment then confessed, “Kissna, forgive me, but I have no idea where your sisters body is. Perhaps she was taken back to the monastery.”
Kissna’s eyes lit up, she caressed his tortured face, “No, now it all makes sense. In her strange condition, they explained they were afraid she would have been burned alive, so they left her here in a crypt, offered by your uncle, the one that had his eye on her. They claimed she was faint, hard to see. I wasn’t sure what that meant.” Kissna’s eyes bounced around.
The kings face eased in awe, “That is all I have to confess.”
Kissna replied, “Me too.”
The king kissed her on the head, “Good, because it’s unhealthy to keep old stones in our hearts.”
With her fears put to rest, she jumped to her feet with joy and spun around. He watched her, with her hair down and her dress hanging off, a most unusual sight. He locked the door.
• • •
An hour or so later Kissna had pulled herself together and skipped down the hall opening doors looking for the rest of the family. She came to a door where she could hear voices, bickering, blaming one another. When they finally noticed she was in their midst, they were stunned. Though she had done a fine job of pulling herself together, it was nowhere near her normal standards. Her hair was a mess, and her dress was lopsided. She stood silent, expressionless, adding all the more alarm to the site. It was all over their faces, but before one could cry out mother, she burst out with an ecstatic, “All is well!” Hugs and kisses of joy were passed around until the queen caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror and suddenly dashed off.

5.
HERE WE GO
Down the main hallway was a smaller hallway that led to a door. Kissna took it. As she got closer, she heard laughter and growling noises coming from the room. Slowly she entered without knocking. She was stunned by what she finds. It looked like zoo animals going wild under a tent. Beneath the blanket, heads, elbows, and knees flew in all directions, accompanied by giggles, cries, snickers, moans, and groans.
Kissna lost control and added a snicker of her own, and the entertainment froze. With one swift stroke, the blanket flew back exposing humans. Donna sat on her knees and Von on his elbow behind her. “Mother!” Donna cried, surprised.
“I hope I didn’t interrupt anything.” the intruder replied.
“If you had, I wouldn’t have stopped. “Von smirked. Donna, with her hair a complete mess, giggled and elbowed him. They waited for Kissna to tell them why she barged in.
The queen stood tall and clasp her hands in front of her. “I have good news. It’s been decided. We are all going to the Outland.” She waited for an instant then quickly left the room, making her own giggling sounds all the way down the hall. Once again, Von and Donna were frozen in place, from complete shock, then his face turned red and contorted. He drew a deep breath and roared out loud enough to make sure she heard him, no matter where she was. “Are you Mad? No, no we’re not. We’re not going.”
• • •
Vincent was cracking nuts when Kissna dashed in, stopping at the fireplace with a devilish grin on her face. “You know what I did?”
Vincent crunched, “Yes, I think I can hear him all the way up here.” He watched her and shook his head. “You should have let me tell him.”
Her eyes darted, and she wrinkled her nose. “I know, I’m terrible. I just couldn’t help myself,” she tittered.
• • •
Meanwhile, the fun and games had come to a screeching halt in Von and Donna’s room. She was speechless. He stomped around the room as his mind quaked through all reason and possibility. “There’s no way I’m going out there, let alone taking all of you. No, no, no!” He pounded his fist into his palm and swung his head from side to side. “We will be like chickens in a wolf den.” Donna’s eyes dart. “I knew it.” He spat, “As soon as Glenda was old enough to join the council, I knew you women were going to try and kill us. Sure enough, here it is. And believe me, this is the best way to get rid of us all. Do you women have any idea what she’s asking? You Donna of all people…”
Donna quickly rolled with her back to him, “You promised you would never speak of it.” She shut down.
Von caught himself and calmed, “Yes, I did, I’m sorry. He fell back across the bed and lay silent for a moment. Reaching out, he gently touched her, but where she would normally roll back into his arms, she hesitated. “You have to know I only want to protect you.”
His voice was gentle and sincere. Without a smile, she relented and rolled over to his side. But the issue was too big, he wasn’t done venting, and she let him continue, she understood. The few experiences she had had were terrifying, to say the least. She softly smoothed the hair on his chest.
“Lam, the simplest things we take for granted, are not over there, for anyone. I couldn’t buy them with all the gold we have.” He stared at the ceiling. “You drink clean, clear water, there is none so sweet. You bathe in it, your hair so thick and shiny, your skin is so soft and firm. The whites of our eyes are so clear, our teeth don’t bleed, and our breath is inviting. This is everyday effortless.”
He grabbed her wandering fingers when they reached the now well healed chyistlum wound, “Yes, my parents and I would have been gone long ago. A mere footnote in our books. But here I am, alive. I stand on the balcony every day and inflate my chest to bursting, in gratitude. I love my life right now. I have you and my sons. There’s no war at hand. What more can I ask for? I’ll tell you, nothing! We have no complaints; we have what everyone else wants. We are blessed, we don’t even get sick. Let alone the failing. We live a dream. Why isn't that enough?”
Donna laid her head on his chest, also baffled at why the queen desired such a venture. “Maybe it’s not as perfect as it seems for all of us.”
Von misunderstood and flung himself over her, with his eyes wild searching her face, he asked, “You’re not happy? What, what do you want?” His brows arched, “Just ask me heart. I love you. It’s so easy for me to please you. But you have to let me know your needs.”
His sincerity caused her eyes to gloss, she took the moment and blinked it away. She lovingly caressed his face and put him at ease. “No, my love, not me.” She smiled tenderly, “I too am, incredibly content. How can I give this up but for another who is not as fortunate as you and I?”
Von had a thought, there were a lot of unanswered questions, and they all led back to the king and queen. Kissa never explained how she healed the baby and while Vincent wasn’t going to exile anyone, what was the whole story? And now this. You can only push a man like Von so far.
He sat up in a huff. “Now you’re talking in riddles. Who?” He stood up and continued his rampage. “I don’t care I’m not going, and neither are you. Nobody is going! This foolish idea stops here. The council, they don’t decide, he does. I’m going to the old man right now! So forget it!”
He put on his robe and stormed from the room as Donna cried out “Wait, calm down first.” She noticed, in his bluster, he had forgotten his slippers.
“No,” he replied, I have to get to him before she does.”
Other than a fly on the wall, Donna didn’t want to be near that quarrel. It wasn’t so much the anger, but the trimmer from their voices would be enough to move brick and mortar.
Keeping with the spirit, Von carried his anger down the hall, grumbling to himself. Seeing a servant, he asked. “Where’s the King?”
The servant quickly replied, “He’s taking breakfast in the large center room, with the Queen.”
“Damn it!” Von cried out. On his way back to his room, he noticed that his feet were very cold.

6.
YOU CAME FROM ME
A meeting was called, in the same room where Kissna first found out about Carla and the pendant. Von got dressed without a word, no doubt hashing over the words he planned to impress. Dashing down the hall, Donna could hardly keep up with him. But upon opening the door, they were surprised. There was no council gathered only the family, Nina and Gabe, chitchatting with the king and queen. Von gave his mother a heavy brow and found his father returning it.
Once Von and Donna were seated, the king opened, “After some serious consideration I,” he glanced at Von, “have decided a journey to the outland is crucial.”
“Father,” Von moaned.
Vincent raised his hand, “I have my reasons.”
Von could tell by the look on Gabe’s face, that they had no idea what was going on. He asked, “But what could be so important and exactly who is going, rather who has to go?”
The king answered bluntly, “Everyone in my bloodline.”
Von’s voice rose a bit. “May I at least ask why! I mean this isn't just a merchant trip. Because the chances of us getting killed is a likely buy.”
Kissna looked at the king and took his hand. “Let me try to explain to them.”
“No,” Vincent replied, “my queen, you don’t have to explain anything.”
Her eyes locked with his and she whispered loud enough for them to hear. “But they need to know where they came from.”
Her words resonated in the minds of Von and Gabe. Where we came from? What the hell is she talking about?
It was all over their faces causing the king to lash out. “You came from me, jackasses.” His sons lost their expression. The queen sat back in her seat and took a moment as she wanted to present her story cautiously. All eyes were heavy on her, no one blinked.
Kissna nervously rolled her ring, “My sisters, and I were purchased from a monastery in the Outland.”
“It was an expensive purchase I might add, if any dung heads want to know.” Vincent interrupted.
“We were specially bred to have only male children. This is why you have no sisters and why your Donna has no daughters, I suspect. It was made possible by licking the sap and drinking the tea from the new leaves of a certain tree. As far as I know, there is only one like it. The monks harvest a few seeds and burn the rest to maintain control over its enchantment.”
There was a pause as the queen reached out and took the hands of Gabe and then Nina, her voice cracked as she solemnly added, “I think this is why your children were dying.” The room gasps. “Now do you see how important it is that we make this journey? This could be the last of our bloodline.”
Gabe looked puzzled, “But Von has four fine sons.”
“Yes, but our last child had a few of those same spots.” Von confessed, “But we ignored them, and they went away. Donna having grown up here, may have had something to do with it. Mother, I can get these leaves and the sap. Where do I go? I’ll leave tonight.”
“I’ll go with him,” Gabe added.
Their wives’ gasps at the thought of it.
But Kissna shook her head sadly, “It’s the women who must drink the tea of only newly sprouted leaves and lick the freshly run sap at least once in their lives.” There is silence as no one knew what to say. Kissna rose with both hands to her face, she rushed from the room with the king reaching out to her, Gabe, Nina, and Donna followed.
The king leaned back with a sigh. “There’s more, I’m not going. I’d love to.” He scratched one side of his bearded face. “But I don’t think I could survive it.”
Von nodded, “Understood.”
“But your mother is. She wants to bring her youngest sister back. She has to be over a hundred years old. This could make your journey more difficult. Maybe you can talk her out of it, I tried. I’ve already spoken to Blair, nothing could keep him from being by your side, and if Nina go’s as she must, Carla will not stay behind.”
Von said nothing but his head dropped an inch or so. “Take as many men as you need to be safe, and oh, one other thing, I’m sending Rory along. I want him to bring me a package back from an orphanage. This will be good for him.” The king rose, stretched a bit and patted the still silent Von on the back as he passed on his way out the door. Von dropped his head on the table.

7.
PLANS
For a day and a half, Von was nowhere to be found. He had vanished to the point of alarm. Though the challenges facing him were heavy and not to his liking, running off was totally out of character. And while his mother and others started to fret a bit, his father was quite at ease, and rightly so, as Von soon reappeared robust and full of zest for the quest.
When asked where had he been, he just smiled and thought he should never give that secret away. He called the family, including Rory, Blair, and Carla, to a meeting in the same receiving room. This time the table was covered with maps and books open to references to Lapuslandee and its history, along with other information as to the present kings and heads of power. It was obvious, where ever Von had vanished too, he hadn’t been sleeping.
He basically lectured the table. There were no buts, if’s or how comes, tolerated. If they were going, he was in charge, and these were the rules. Excepting his fate, he had plans to make it a worthwhile venture for all. Though he seemed excited, he was deadlocked serious when it came to any changes to his strategy and preparation. Such things as no guards would be going along. No fancy clothes, jewelry, lavish hairdos or combs. They would carry only small amounts of gold and use mostly silver. By the time he was done laying out rhyme and reason, fear and anxiety were replaced with anxious anticipation.
The next two weeks were busy. Blair had his men build narrow merchants’ wagons, as a change in terrane was something that could not be foreseen. Not even the Lossmen had been traveled since the flood, at least no one had returned to speak of it. On the other hand, there was a huge surprise waiting. A hidden gate.
Kissna sent birds telling her sister Rona, she would be arriving, and that she was welcome to return to home with her if she wished. The queen had not seen her sister since the incident with Danica in Towten years ago. But she had kept in touch. Although Rona was Kissna’s youngest sister, she had to be over a hundred years and needed assistance in correspondence. Gurtis was her name, and Rona spoke very highly of her. The thought of seeing Rona again kept the queen rolling her ring and biting her nails in hopes that perhaps the most potent of healing water would bestow a miracle and restore the old woman.
Though Von and Blair had traveled the Outland, Gabe not so much and the others had never stepped foot beyond the Inland. Von suggested the ladies might trade a few of their finer dresses for a few plainer ones for the journey. And as you might guess, it took a lot of prompting from their husbands to get the sisters to submit. But in the end with their very lives at stake, they did comply.
Donna having once been abducted and carried away in a terrifying event had mixed feelings. She could say she had been to the Outland, but she couldn’t say she saw anything she cared to remember. But seeing her husband’s zeal, nothing could keep her behind. This was a journey of a lifetime, and with him, nothing could happen to her.
Suddenly there was a rift between Rory and Elleyn. Surely both brothers could not go. It was simple, Rory was the oldest. The King assured Elleyn that his day would come and softened the animosity by immersing him into a new invention. One that needed the crystal Vincent was sending Rory to get.
All in all, hearts pounded in anticipation. In its least, the journey would surely be written in the books. Von kept to his wit and pounded that his word was law and wouldn’t budge on preparations not even an inch. The ladies were to stay two weeks at the monastery, leaving the men to indulge in other things.
• • •
On the morning of departure, Von tautly rode up and down the small caravan, looking for even the smallest thing out of place. The group was supposed to look like a family of average merchants on a short vacation. As Von passed Nina sitting comfortably waiting to get on their way, he noticed she was wearing ornamental shoes. Livid, he said nothing to her but found her husband and lashed out, asking how many times did he have to say it and did they understand the importance of following his orders. Gabe promptly passed the verbal battering on to his wife. Nina pulled the shoes off and while Von watched Gabe personally replaced the decorative shoes with the dull ones, and when his brother turned away, Gabe kissed his wife’s ankle, winked and smiled.
Blair had done a good job as the wagons looked worn on the outside but were new on the inside. Like most merchants wagons they were brightly painted to attract attention but scraped and scratched up, making them unattractive. Never the less they were all painted different, so it was easy to tell who or what was inside. In the end, there were four wagons and eight horses. As they pulled out, Von was pleasantly content that they looked quite boring.
Rory held up the rear and waved goodbye to the king and his brother.
Blair led the party through the mountains in the wrong direction. No one ever took this route for anything. There were no trees, no wildlife, just rock. Yet the pathway between the mountains was clear. Then there were soldiers, some words back and forth, watching and waiting as Blair demonstrated his well kept secret. It looked as if the mountain opened up and revealed a rough, never traveled, terribly twisted road ahead. It was a portion of the mountain itself that pivoted at the edge of a cliff, otherwise looking like a dead end until they opened it. It had its own guard house and seemed to function with little effort. Anyone reaching that point from the other side would surely think they had come to the end of the road. Watching the marvel operate felt like a good omen.
After traveling an entire day through the mountains, they hit tree level and made a well needed stop. The untraveled bumpy road had taken a toll on the tender pampered Exilanders. The next morning the men were excited to get on their way. Something was coming, something big. They whispered among themselves, laughed, smiled and hovered around.
Before they reached it, they could smell it, and as they got closer, they could hear it. The sun was starting to set when they stopped the wagons and scattered. Von took Donna and Rory to the edge of a high cliff, and for the first time in their lives they saw the ocean and as luck would have it a magnificent sunset. He couldn’t take his eyes off her, recalling the first time he saw such a wonder. Was it the stunning, majestic beauty, the vast panorama, or the salt air that softly blew into her face and hair that made her eyes tear, he wondered? Rory ran off downhill to get a closer look. Von and Donna stayed captivated until the sun was gone. Silently they inhaled, absorbed, and sopped up every breathtaking moment.
But the thrills weren’t over yet. The meal was wild, cooked over an outdoor open flame and other than blackest berries, the meal was mostly prepared by the men. They had packed one wagon well, their water, cheese, dried meat, and some fruit.
A warm, restful wind was blowing in from the coastline, so they ate outside. Their laughter drew in a stranger. Von welcomed him as the best way to get an idea of what to expect in the coming days. The fat stranger sat down and had a meal with them. When he introduced himself, Von told him they were a family of merchants on vacation, who had just arrived from Swat, a small speck he found in an old map book. Located overseas, he hoped that would lessen their chances of a run in with a Swaten.
The gentlemen’s name was Cook, an old fisherman, and he seemed good natured. The more he ate, the more he talked, and they kept feeding him. Like a roadmap, he laid out the what, where, how’s and who’s who, of the Outland. The family sat spellbound watching the campfire flicker in his face and listening to every word he said.
One of his more amusing warnings came when Cook asked where they were headed and Von answered, “South to a monastery.”
“Oh, it’s just a day or two away. You’ll be fine, just don’t go that way.” He points in the direction of Exiland.
Von asked, “Why?
Cook widened his eyes, and answered, “They say an evil king lives up there with the darkest of witches.” Von, who sat on a log between his mother and wife, gave the Queen a puckered brow and slid a little closer to Donna.
“And that prince,” Cook went on, “Dead for years and still walks around.” Gabe and Blair gave Von the puckered brow.
Von asked, “Is there anyone else there?
Oh yes, Cook went on, “The saddest thing, two wicked princes keep three beautiful princesses’ captive, and no one dares to travel the malevolent forest and withered swamp to rescue them. When they try to escape, a wicked storm comes and turns anyone and anything to bloody gemstone. They’re so evil not even the sun shines there anymore.”
With eyes wide, Nina clutched on to Gabe tightly, “Good heavens, I hope we never run into them.”
After the stranger left, and all had gone to bed, Von took Donna back out to the cliffs where the moon took its turn embellishing the ocean view. They slept well that night.

8.
THE DIRTY GIRLS
The next morning the family collected shells and walked along the shore before leaving the beach. After two days with no incidents, Von decided it was time for a treat. With the monastery not far away, and the sun setting low, he stopped in a small inn. It would be two weeks before they saw the ladies again. They were able to safely stable the wagons and get four rooms.
Later that night the tavern was getting a bit lively. Von found, what he thought was a large inconspicuous table in the corner and invited everyone down for dinner. The family seemed to blend in well, but when the entertainment started, and folks settled down a bit, he made an observation.
Von and Blair leaned against a nearby wall and watched as a young man played a lute and girl started to sing a lovely song. Von was then distracted when he realized the man was playing to his Donna. He must have felt a heavy gaze on him, as he suddenly glanced up at Von and bounced his eyes elsewhere. Nina picked in her plate until some giggling caught her attention. It was three ladies with eyes on her Gabe. She made sure they noticed she was with him, but that only egged them on. So, she moved in close to her husband, whispered something in his ear and pointed in their direction. Gabe laughed out loud and put his arm around her. Nina put her nose in the air, and the gawking ended. Before the song was over, no member of the family had been spared the attention of an admiring stranger. Even Kissna had the eye of an older man who sent one of his sons to invite her to his well set table, that Von quietly disrupted. Von thought, “Clearly, you can take the royal out of the clothes, but that’s about all you can do.
Upstairs, Donna took a room with the queen, and Rory, with his father. Rory laid down on the cot as Von washed his face. When Von sat down and started to blow out the candle, he was confronted with an overwhelming foul stench. No, he didn’t expect the place to be up to Exiland standards, that was part of its appeal, but this was insufferable. He inched around the room looking for the stinking culprit. The search led him back to Rory and right beside the bed were his boots. He startled the already half asleep boy awake. “Rory, don’t you ever air out your boots?”
“Yes father, all the time.”
Von pinched up the boots, opened the window and threw them in a flower box. He shook his head and laid down. Although the last four days had been without incident, and thankfully boring, these were not dull people. In the morning he would give them another talking to. Once he got the ladies to the monastery, he would feel much better. He thought.
The next morning Von called a meeting in his mother’s room. After what he had observed the night before, he needed to stitch the gaping wound, that bled royal blood out loudly. Everyone in the family was there and found him in a seriously stony mood, that dampened the room to silence.
With eyes locking, he lectured, “Listen carefully, your life and ours depend on it. To succeed with our plans and safely return to TowHummy, there is a strategy in place. First, understand that you are different. Few people here think and act like you.” He caught himself at his mother’s gaze as he started to take a stance mimicking his father. “Watch them, mirror their moves and ways and be kind.” He points, “You are a guest in their land, you have no army to defend you, no title or royal hand will protect you. However, you are highly prized, like water to the thirsty and meat to the hungry, your head on a post is exceedingly desirable. You’re worth a lot dead.”
He took a breath and his voice softened a little. “For the sake of our lives, you must take on a new persona. Think of someone you know, a kind hand maid, a kitchen worker, a gardener. Try to think and act like he or she may.”
When he was finished, he noticed their faces were like stone. He never imagined how difficult his request would be. Eyes searched, who do I want to be like? To snap them out of the stupor, he added, “We won’t be coming back this way, so shop, but remember who you are, nobody special, with very little gold.”
• • •
Von and Blair found themselves captivated in the stables as the man there rambled on to the strangers about the small village rumors and gossip. But what really got their attention was the games at Abinnar. They had planned to spend their time away from the ladies hunting, scouring the countryside for tidbits of information and updates on the Sawtee, and perhaps a chance glance or encounter with a royal or two. But Atar, could they be so fortunate as to be vacationing during the games?
Meanwhile, the rest of the family found the market place quite daunting. Rarely if ever were they surrounded by so many strangers. Unaware of who they were, the royals were not prepared for such reproach. Before they gave themselves away with a possible outburst, Gabe gathered the family and led them a short distance to a shop with an appearance worthy of their attention. Inside was a treasure chest of color and delights they had never seen before. Slow to buy but defiantly amused, they browsed and admired the peculiar. Though they lacked for nothing, it had been years since a caravan of merchants had visited TowHummy.
Nina found her sister staring at pieces of crystalized fruit in a jar. It looked strangely as if it had been caught in a cryistlum storm. Nina gasp, and hopefully asked, “Is your memory coming back? Does that remind you of anything?”
“No,” Carla replied. “It’s so beautiful, I just can’t decide, is it to be eaten, is it art or a beauty to be worn?”
As they stared at the jar on the counter, a young girl approached. “Did you want something?”
Barely looking up, Carla asked, “What are these, what are they for?”
The question sparked Meena’s curiosity causing her to look closer at the strangers. “It’s candy, fruit dipped in honey ice and dried. You have never seen it before?” She asked quizzically as it was quite common in the better shops.
Amazed, Nina asked, “Is it rotten? It looks fresh.”
Still a bit skeptical, Meena answered, “The honey crystals keep it from rotting. Would you like to try one?”
“Oh yes.” Nina jumped.
The two strangers watched closely as Meena reached in the jar and retrieved one. “I believe this is a slice of apple.”
With the sister's eyes salivating, Nina reached out to receive the delight. But Meena’s hand were so dirty Nina withdrew, and for the first time they looked up to see the person behind the counter was a girl of maybe fifteen.
“Oh, I change my mind. We’ve only just eaten not long ago.” She made her apologies, but it was too late, they had failed to catch their frowns of disgust. Meena had already received the basket load of condescending rotten fruit, in their now fake smiling faces. Insulted, she threw the candy back in the jar.
Moving farther down the counter, Nina noted in a whisper, “I love honey but not that much. Those hands had sick with a fever smeared all over them. Can you imagine if one of us…”
Carla interrupted, “Oh Nina, look how gorgeous.”
Nina’s mouth fell ajar. There under glass was a dazzling bracelet and the main stone was shaped just like the bewitched gem, only it was white and not blue.
“Does it remind you of anything?” Nina asked.
“No, I just think it’s absolutely beautiful.”
Meena had made her way to that end of the counter. “Would you like to see something?” she asked, with a bad attitude that went completely ignored.
“Yes,” Carla bounced, “Can I see this bracelet? The one with the large sparkling white stones. How beautiful it is.”
Meena pulled it out of the case for Carla, and when she reached her hands out to get it, Meena took notice of how soft and well kept they were. “How soft and beautiful your hands look. Are you rich?”
Caught off guard, the sisters scrambled for words as Carla recoiled. “No, no, not us.”
Meena frowned, “Then how do you keep your hands so soft and beautiful? What do you do to live?”
Scrambling for an answer, Nina looked at Meena’s dirty hands. “We wash all day.”
“Wash?” Meena shook her head, “Washer women have the worst hands of anybody.”
“No.” Carla added, “We wash fat for rendering.”
Meena narrowed her eyes with suspicion. “So, do you put it on your face too? Where do you come from?”
Carla continued, and Nina nods, “We come from far away to visit the monastery. My lady wants to do pennants there. We are just checking it before she arrives.” She smiled and tried to change the subject. “Now, what are those beautiful stones? I’ve never seen anything like them.”
“They are called Opel. It’s expensive, how can you afford it?”
“We will put our money together.” Nina replied quickly.
Carla’s eyes widened as she reached for the bracelet, then recoiled and whispered to her sister, “Do you think it’s from hell?”
“No.” Nina giggled, “But does it remind you of the sparkling snow from the cryistlum storms?”
Carla smiled and flashed at Meena. “I’ll take it. I will wear it and glance at its beauty when I read.”
Astonished, Meena cried, “You can read?”
Carla took a second, “Oh… ah yeah, read the lines better when I’m sewing, my lady likes them to be straight.”
Meena looked at Carla’s hands again, “Your fingertips don't look like you've been doing much sewing.”
Finally fed up with having to lie in the first place, Nina snapped. “Well, at least they're clean. Have you ever washed under those nails? I've seen cleaner hooves on pigs.”
“Are you going to sell it or what?” Carla chimed in loudly.
“Do you want it with its box, it will cost you more?” Meena judged with a raised eyebrow.
“Of course,” They belted with an air of authority, “We want the box.” Carla slammed silver beads on the counter. “Get on with it.”
“And stop asking so many questions.” Nina fussed, “Who do you think you are, nosing into our business. Your no…”
Just at that moment, Carla nudged Nina when a tall, handsome man entered the shop. It was Von, moving in their direction.
Carla put on a smile and spoke up loudly, “Yes, thank you. If it’s not too much to ask.”
Meena’s mouth fell ajar, “It’s no problem.” suspiciously exchanging the boxed bracelet for the beads, then catching a glimpse of the tall stranger. “That man, is he your master?” she smirked.
Carla huffed a low, “No.”
And Nina a muffled, “Yes.”
As Von entered the aisle in clear view of the sisters, Carla, tilted her head and thanked the girl kindly and wished her a wonderful life. Nina agreed with a nod. The number eleven was clearly folded between Meena’s eyebrows when they left.
• • •
Von heard a pisst sound, as if someone was trying to get his attention. There, in the back of the store was the shopkeeper waving him over. Von approached cautiously as the man stood by a curtain, and when he pulled it open, there stood a young girl.
Von was clearly uninterested, but the man pursued. “Hey stranger, don’t just walk away, she is trained in the arts of pleasure giving and is still a virgin.”
Von frowned with disgust until his eyes landed on Donna. “Well if not for yourself,” The shopkeeper went on, “then maybe for that young man, is he your son? I noticed the same blotch on your face, is it a birthmark?” Von ignored the man but thought perhaps they needed to use a little more makeup to cover the crest on their faces.
Von found Donna looking over a number of ink wells and plumes, she whispered, “Poor thing.” He ignores the ploy and examined the tips of the plums to see if they rival the ones he had at home.
Donna watched as a man followed the shopkeeper behind the curtain. Visibly shaken she grabbed a serious hold on Von. “Husband, please do this for me.” He was surprised, and she has his attention. “Please buy the girl!”
“What,” Von gasp and gave a very firm “No!”
“Please, just this once.”
Von lowered his voice, “What for? And sense when do we buy people. No.” he frowned, “And that’s final, and I forbid you to even think of it.” He walked away.
Still trying to find anything of better quality than what he already had at home, Von glanced up to find Donna sulking, arms folded waiting in a corner. He felt bad, he may have been a little harsh, he thought. But the girl was impossible, he had enough on his plate without some lost outland child. It was madness.
Von tried a little humor, it usually worked. “Dearest, you aren’t going to get anything? You didn’t see anything you liked?”
“No.” She tightened her folded arms.
“I knew it,” he bolstered, “I knew I had given you everything you could have ever wanted.” But she didn’t flinch in the least. He studied her face and took her by the shoulders. “You’re shaking. Donna, what is this really about?”
Finally locking eyes, “Maybe I shouldn't have come. You were right. I hate it already. Nothing has changed much sense the last time I was in Outland. I would have stayed home, but with you and mother gone I wouldn't have known what to do with myself.”
She thumped his heart strings. “Oh… it brings back bad memories? Would you like me to take you back? I’ll let them wait at the monastery.”
“Oh, good heavens no.” she interrupted, “I’ll be okay. I just needed a moment.”
With arched brows, he hugged her tightly, “Don’t you know I would never let anything happen to you?”
“Yes,” she sniffled and affirmed, “If you weren't here, you know I wouldn't be.” Looking over his shoulder, she saw Rory, and a strategy came to mind.
Von took her by the hand, “Come, you ride with me.”
“Oh, just one moment, love, I need to speak with our son before we reach the monastery and we are separated for weeks.”
Von nodded and went out for the horses.
Donna rushed up to Rory and whispered, “Son, I need you to do me a great favor.”
Surprised, and with eyes wide, he agreed, “Yes mother, anything.” It was a bit strange, his mother asking for a favor.
Donna hesitated, then glanced at the poor girl still standing near the curtain. She shimmied, pulled and unknotted a thin silver belt from around her waist and handed it to him. “Take this to the shopkeeper and buy that girl. This should be enough.”
“But mother?” Rory puffed.
“No! I just want her released.” She explained, “Once you set foot out the door, tell her she is free. Tell her to go home to her family.”
Rory had a pleasant smile as his mother rushed off. The gesture was a kind act, and he had the permission and privilege of carrying it out. Moments later he walked out with the girl. “What is your name?”
“Lisa,” she replied.
“Well, Lisa, it is a fortunate day for you. You have my mother to thank. You are free.”
Grinning from ear to ear, the girl asked, “So where do we go?”
Rory flung his arms open, “You can go where ever you please, you are free.”
But the girl was confused, “No, I am yours, I belong to you.”
Rory lost his smile, “No, you can’t be with me. You’re a free person now, go home to your family, mother and father, aunts and uncles?”
“The Shopkeeper is my uncle.” She pouted.
Rory was befuddled, “That was your uncle that just sold you?”
Looking eager, Lisa cried. “Yes, to you.”
“No! No! I didn't buy you. My mother did.”
Rory watched his parents slowly ride away. His father looked back with a suspicious eye and Rory took the moment, “Farewell, I must go now. Have a wonderful life.” Mounting his horse, he caught up to his mother, wanting to reveal the girl’s story but Donna wouldn’t hear of it, as she didn’t want his father to catch on to what she had done.
The entire family gathered near a small river in a picturesque spot not far from the monastery. On top of a hill, in full view the ladies marveled at its beauty and surrounding fields. It was a last chance to say their personal goodbyes.
Rory, having said his goodbyes and being the odd one out, sat by the river pitching stones. Taking in the clear sky and surroundings, he saw what looked like a washed out orange color moving in his direction. It was the girl, trailing after him. Now it was serious, serious enough he went to his father, who had been watching the stranger approaching and had already surmised his mother’s scheme.
Rory, still unable to get the attention of anyone, grabbed his father and pointed, “Mother had me buy her, she has no family. That was her uncle that sold her. I told her she was free, but I think she’s following us.”
“Do you want her?” Von asked.
Rory made a grimace, shaking his head. “No, her scent is way off for me.”
Von chuckled, “And tell me son, what sent is that?”
With eyes wide, Rory explained, “Like Jessica, or her sister Liddi. She scares me with that laugh she has.
Von smiled, “Well I have an Idea. You’re headed to the orphanage, right? So take her there and drop her off. That’s about the safest place.”
Rory’s mouth fell ajar, and his eyes darted with excitement. “That’s right! It’s the Perfect solution.” He grabbed a hulyee, hopped on his horse and took off.
The rest of the family slowly made their way through the beautiful countryside to the monastery.
Kissna was in high spirits, “You boys are going to be so surprised when you get your wives back. I suspect you will see quite a change in them.”
“Such as what mother?” Gabe asked
Kissna motioned her hand as if she threw flowers into the air. “A beautiful refinement that only hours of quiet reflection can bring about.”
The sisters passed a paranoid frown between them.
“They may not seem as sweet, once you get them back,” Kissna went on, “but wise and confident, thought provoking, your conversations will go deeper than you ever imagined.”
The men raise a brow as she went on.
“She will be trained in ways of unselfish pleasure giving, with a deep sense of your spiritual needs and will be there to support you in all your endeavors with prompt obedience.”
Von couldn’t deny himself. “A lot like you mother?”
Before she could answer, Gabe muffled his laughter and apologized.
Quiet smiles traveled all the way to the cloister.

9.
MORE SISTERS
Arteus played his mandolin in what was left of the morning shade. Seated on a narrow balcony, when he was done, he leaned back and gave a long loud sigh. He filled his chest with cool freshness and got to his feet. Gurtis was sprawled across a large chair. “Arteus, my sweet Arteus, all the surrounding beautiful would be lost if not for you. I could listen to you play all day.”
Arteus leaned in the doorjamb of a most elaborate large room. “When will our guest arrive?”
“To soon, today sometime.” She snarled and glanced at the dull faded black robe laying over her elegant bed. “The things I do for my sister.” Arteus kneeled by her side and ran his fingers through her thick lush hair and leaned in for a kiss. “After this performance, we will be free, she promised a small fortune. We’ll go far from the shackles of this place.” Half dressed she slipped past the kiss and with the face of determination stood in the mirror and pulled her hair into a tight roll on top her head. She stared into her own eyes, “My life is going to change.”

10.
IN THE SAWTEE COUNTRYSIDE
Lisa tried to keep up with Rory as he made his way to the orphanage. “Come on.” he cried without looking back.
“How can I on this old horse?” she whimpered.
“He’s not old, and he’s not a horse, he’s a huylee. And he can keep up.”
“Where are we going and what happened to the others?”
“None of your business,” He snapped.
“What's your mother like?… Shouldn't I be working for her?… I would make a wonderful handmaiden.” Lisa went on whining.
Rory ignored her.
“Can I ride with you?… Do you think your family may want to buy my sister? She's treated so badly.”
“Stop dreaming,” he cried, “and hurry up or I'll leave you. I have a mission to complete, and I'd like to do it before my father catches up with me.” This is one thing I would like to say I did on my own, he thought.
Lisa was quiet for a while, still lagging behind. Rory stopped, and before he could say a word, she pointed to the nearby river.
“I just need a drink and so does this huee.”
“It’s a hulyee, and he won’t drink that water.” He slapped with frustration.
“Please,” she pouted.
Annoyed he waved her on. She slid off the hulyee and pulled him to the river. Rory watched them both drink the water. This got his attention, and he dismounted, cupped his hands to sniffed the water. He backed off and watched them.
“What’s wrong, the water is cool and clean.” She fanned her hands and stood up.
“Yeah, it's clean, clean enough for you to step into it.” She hesitated, “Go on, I paid for you.” She slowly started to remove her clothing. “No,” he stopped her. “Leave them on and go to the deepest part then just swish around a bit.” She walked out into the water, and he laid back in a grassy spot.
After a while, she asked, “Can I come out now?”
“No,” He answered in a relaxed voice. “not yet. Not until you can hold your head under the water and count to one hundred. Then I'll let you ride with me.” Lisa was so delighted. She tried over and over to Rory’s laughter, realizing she couldn’t count. “Don't stop, keep trying, you're doing better.”
Rory had almost dozed off when he heard Lisa whining, “Can I come out now?”
“I guess so. We have to get going.” He stood and dusted himself off. He watched as a pretty clean face emerged from the water. She looked down at her dress, and it looked new. He smiled as she twisted the water out of her hair.
Seeing he was pleased, she asked, “Can I ride with you now?”
“No,” he promptly replied, mounting his horse, “You’re all wet.”
• • •
Moving along with Lisa still lagging, they hadn’t noticed, robbers had been checking out his horse and looking for anything else he may be carrying. But little do the robbers know that on a nearby ridge his father and uncles are keeping a close eye on them.

11.
ARRIVAL
“They’re here,” Gurtis announced from the window. “The things I do for my sister. But,” she turned to face Arteus, “she promised enough gold to set us free. I want this over as soon as possible.”
“No worries my lady,” he whispered. “all has been prepared.”
• • •
The family pulled into a courtyard of blossom filled trees. The beauty and aroma was otherworldly. It felt like a place of possibilities. It looked like it belonged in heaven. The men instructed the speechless monks about the wagons and personal supplies.
As Von attempted to enter the building, he was stopped. He pushed people aside until he was confronted with Gurtis coming out to greet them. Catching the situation Kissna stopped him. “Son, you can't come in here. There are only women allowed.”
“And those are?” Von points out the many monks moving about.
“Yes, they are eunuchs.” She smirked, “Now if you were spiritual enough to get castrated you too could stay.”
Von said nothing, just stared blankly into her laughing eyes. Gurtis greeted them all graciously. “All has been prepared, and your sister is most excited to see you.” She took Kissna by the arm.
Still looking around, Von stopped her. “Just how safe is this place?”
Gurtis proudly tilted her head up, “I've been here since the age fifteen. And in that time no one has been able to tarnish the reputation of this monastery, its serenity, beauty or safety. My lady, your sister has lived here in safe serenity for how long?”
Kissna stuttered, not wanting to let on to how old she really was. “I, I can’t remember, but I can hardly wait to see her again. Son, now that we're here and safe. Go! And leave us women to our peace of mind.”
Von felt the pressure of all eyes on him as he stared down Gurtis then relented. Donna pulled him aside, and let her eyes wander, “I feel safe here.”
As the men mounted their horses and exited the courtyard, they were greeted by an older man. “Gentlemen.” He nodded.
Von stopped, “You spoke.”
“Yes, I am Odyois.”
Von studied the brown robed man, “Odyois, how long have you been here?”
“Oh my, I was only eighteen, I think.” He looked out beyond the fields. “There has been no reason for me to leave this little spot of paradise.”
Something about him rang true with Von. He nodded, and the men moved on. Feeling a little lighter, the venture took on a whole new mood.

12.
YOURS FOR THE TAKING
Not far behind Rory, and with the ladies safe at the monastery, the princes of Exiland took their time. Von somewhat distracted and watching his son from a distance, drew the attention of the others.
“Rory is so well behaved. He acts more like a son of mine than yours.” Gabe notes.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Von asked.
“Only that there were some outland missions that made the books, where you were concerned. One of father’s favorites was quite bizarre to say the least.”
Von’s eyes widened. “They are bazar because they are most likely not true. And how would you know, you weren’t even born.”
Gabe has Blair’s attention. “Oh, now this sounds good, please continue.”
Gabe tilted his head to the side and narrowed his eyes. “Well, one in specific comes to mind. It’s father’s favorite story. Hum, he called it, Von and the painted stones.” He turned his attention to Von, “I was wondering, does Donna know about this one?”
Von shook his head, “Don’t do it Gabe, I don’t know where or when but I’ll owe you one, and I’ll pay it back only when the room is bursting. Besides, I was just a child of maybe six.”
I believe you were more like seven. Gabe aimed his attention toward Blair. So, here’s the story. It’s Von, two of my uncles and three of my brothers, I never had the pleasure of meeting. They were returning from Abinnar. Somewhere along the way, Von spotted some painted stones and takes one.
“Actually,” Von disputed “I only saw one painted stone, one.”
“No matter,” Gabe went on, “It belonged to the Nuckas. A tribe ruled by women. It was one of their sacred stones, and one of them saw Von take one. To make a long story short, the Nuckas hunted them down, stripped them naked, and dyed their bodies blue with fish oils.
Blair roared out loud laughing.
Gabe could barely catch his breath to get the rest of the story out, “But that’s not all. They then hung them out by the arms for everybody to see, for three days.”
Trying not to join in the laughter, Von added, “What always seems to be forgotten about that story is the fact that we were being honored. It was a special blessing. One rarely bestowed upon anyone.”
Catching his breath, Gabe replied, “That’s because you’re the only one clever enough to pick up one of their stones.”
Von had a quick flashback of his father’s face when they returned home that day, and had to join the sidesplitting moment himself…, knowing Gabe had no idea just how funny it really was.
Keeping an eye on Rory and grateful he wasn’t there for the story, Von suggested they camp just outside the orphanage that night. But in an open area, Blair pulled out his spyglass and discovered they had lots of alarming company.
Watching Rory and Lisa were three men, possible robbers and farther he saw what looked like Sawtee soldiers watching the main road.
Taking the spyglass, Von said, “Perhaps we should get a little closer. If anything should happen, we could easily take those three.”
“And the Sawtee patrolling the road farther down? There must be about twenty. We will have to find another way.” Blair noted.
Still looking through the glass, Von speculated. “Rory and the girl appear unassuming. Just a young man and his lady, or brother and sister. The Sawtee will take no notice of them. It is the robbers that pose the bigger problem. If they search him, they will find a nice sack of gold, a generous payment for a stone of some sort that my father wants. We’ll have to stop the thieves,” Von sighed, “and just when I was about to mention how peaceful it had been so far.”
“But wait,” Gabe added, “A ruckus may draw the attention of the Sawtee. We’ll have to sneak upon them.”
“No, I have a better idea.” Von looked the two men over, dipped a brow and gave a smirk. “Yeah, we’ll never lay a hand on them. It may be a little expensive but quite the bargain for the favor they’ll do for us.”
• • •
Moments later three very dusty and tired looking travelers make their way down the road. Unfortunately, the bundles their horses are carrying have caught the eyes of robbers. The travelers protest that the loot belongs to their master and despite pleads to at least leave a few articles, as there would be hell to pay when they returned home with nothing, the robber took everything but their horses and the dusty clothes on their backs.
There were a few rather nice looking robes in the bundle, a fine hat, boots, a short braid of silver along with other handy items. They sorted and split the loot on the spot and took off looking quite dashing.
The dusty travelers backtracked to a bushy area where they recovered their gold and weapons. “That was amazing.” Gabe chuckled. “You know any number of things could have gone wrong. And all we had to defend ourselves were a few small daggers.”
“Those skinny twigs didn’t stand a chance. It was all I could do to keep from snapping their scrawny necks. But we need them.”
A comfortable distance away Blair gasped and laughed as he peered through the spyglass. “Gentlemen,” he handed the glass to Von. “Our scheme has been executed precisely as we had planned. I don’t think it could have gone better if we had ordered it.”
“Oh, yes, brilliant.” Von watched, then handed the glass to Gabe, who found it disturbing, but he couldn’t stop watching.
“Good heavens, they’re taking their heads.”
Von and Blair sat relaxed in the saddle with smiles of satisfaction as Gabe observed and rattled off the gory details.
After a few moments of Von asked Gabe who still gawked out the spyglass, “Are they leaving?” and after a few minutes he replied,
“Yes, yes they are.”
They had pulled off the perfect hoodwink, eliminating three birds with one stone. But Von figured the hoax wouldn’t last long. Once someone noticed the heads had no crest on the face. Then again as they discussed the ordeal, came the question, how did they know they were coming, or perhaps the Sawtee were waiting for the robbers in the first place. Whatever the case, they were gone, and Rory was safe.
Down by the orphanage and close to the river, they made camp. The chat around the fire and meal of roasted hare, would be who leaked their arrival in outland. They decided to stay dusty.

13.
WELCOME
They stood in the courtyard of the monastery and marveled at its age. It had a peculiar beauty. Gurtis gave the ladies a tour through the main halls. The rooms were filled with character and mystery. Immaculate and polished, it was easy to see why someone might want to be quiet and alone in its presence.
Gurtis explained, that ages ago it had been the home of a wealthy lord who found himself on the wrong side of his king. The place was left abandon until a new king gave it to his brother who belonged to an order of monks. As she went through each room and tried to tell its story, she was constantly interrupted by Kissna who being older, gave the stories more romance and detail. And she claimed most of it had not changed since she had been there. The princesses had never seen anything like it.
At the end of the tour, they were led to their rooms, which were separated an uneasy distance from one another. Each room had its own narrow dark hall to the door, and with in two steps into the room, the sisters like magnets, found each other to commiserate.
Somehow, they had come to the conclusion that their rooms would in some way resemble the lovelies they had just toured. But it couldn’t have been more different. The first thought was that this part of the monastery must have once been a prison. And to that frightening thought, the sisters immediately checked the doors to make sure they weren’t locked behind them.
Roughly plastered walls, and one small window to high to look out, the dark, cold rooms were instantly depressing and sent the sisters into the hall seeking each other. Catching two monks who did not speak, they asked if they would be so kind as to move one bed into the others room. Carla’s room was larger and even had a lopsided table and a chair. But it was still drab and gloomy.
Once set up, they closed the door, stood shoulder to shoulder, looked around and opened up. “No carpet or fireplace, a mattress made of straw, no curtain, one sad looking table with a hard little chair, how long did mother say we were staying… two weeks?” Nina complained with her arms folded, “I’m not sure I can survive it.”
Carla took the chair, placed it under the small window and attempted to stand on it but it was too rickety to risk. “Blair warned me not to expect too much, but not even a fireplace, how are we supposed to stay warm in the mornings?”
Nina sat gently on her unmade bed. “You’re going to want to sleep standing up. These beds feel like the nightmare before you fall asleep.”
Carla rocked the table, looking at the too high window. “It was so beautiful. What a shame we can’t even see outside.” With a sigh, she plopped down on her bed and bounced up. “Ouch! Something stuck me in the behind.” She threw back the covers exposing the lumpy mattress and decided to take her chances with the chair. “Fresh straw beds, they’ll get better just about the time we’re supposed to leave.”
Nina sadly admitted, “I think mother was right. We are going to change. All Gabe has to do is threaten to send me back to this monstrosity, and I’ll be on my knees pleading, Oh yes! I’ll shut the hell up, my dearest and sweetest husband.” She snickered.
Carla sat silently in thought for a moment or two while Nina waited for her to ponder a way out of their situation. She looked at her bed with its tattered wool blanket. “I’m not doing this,” she shook her head, and her eyes wandered.
But where will we go?” Nina reasoned, “Our men have gone.”
Carla sprung from her seat, “Hay! What are we whimpering about? They didn’t take our wagons, and they are bursting. We have mattresses and warm blankets, robes, and rugs and I think enough stuff to make even this place livable.”
“We can’t do that.” Nina’s eyes popped, “Aren’t we supposed to be suffering or reflecting or something? Mother will be furious.”
“We won’t tell anyone.” Carla assured, “We’ll go in the night and drag our bedding in. Who has to know?”
Nina dropped her head.
“Okay,” Carla snickered, “You don’t have too, but I’m doing my side of the room.”
Before Nina could agree, there was a knock at the door. It was an invitation to dinner. As they left the room, Carla pulled Nina aside. “Blair warned me about the food too.”
• • •
Meanwhile, Rory reached the orphanage with Lisa in tow. The place was little more than a habitable ruin sitting on acres of farmland. The door was open, and though the place was a run with children, they took little notice of the strangers that had just entered. There were children of all ages, and despite their meager lives, they seemed quite happy. The place had a feeling of contentment, harmony and the atmosphere was joyous. The sun had started to drop, but it had not dampened the play and noise. In all the commotion it was hard to find a person in charge, an adult. It seemed everyone had a job and knew what to do, where to go and did so cheerfully.
Rory studied Lisa, “Your face and hair look nice and clean. Your clothing, much better! I’m going to see if they’ll keep you. You’ll have food and a place to sleep every night. And in a place like this, you could really help out a lot.”
“No,” she pulled away from him, I don’t want to stay here. I wouldn't mind but what about my sister. Can you please go back for her? I’m lost without her.
“That’s impossible.” Rory frowned and shook his head no. “Did you not say that you belong to me?” His voice was stern, “Then this is what I want you to do, stay here. Why can’t you just be grateful you’re away from that terrible place?”
About that time he spotted a young man about his own age. He grabbed Lisa by the hand and asked for the headmaster. He was led to a clean shaven short haired old man, and for the first time, someone frowned with curiosity. Rory put him at ease quickly when he introduced himself and reminded the old man that his grandfather said he would be expecting him.
“Oh yes, my name is Tad. Sorry, I assumed you would be much older. Are you and your young lady traveling alone?”
Rory’s eyes widened, “Oh no, I am on this mission for my grandfather, and this is Lisa, I bought her in town.” The headmaster looked confused. “No, I didn't buy her for me, my mother did, but not for me.” Rory fumbled his words, “What I’m trying to say is, can you take her? She’s free now and has no place to go.”
The headmaster gave her a pleasing sincere smile, “You, my dear, would be a welcome addition to our family.” He took her by the hand, “But it’s up to you.”
Before she could answer, Rory did. “Yes, we’ve already discussed it, and she will stay.”
“Very well then, let’s get on with your mission young man.” Tad led the way, and Rory motioned for Lisa to wait where she stood. “I have your package right here.” The old man went to an adjacent room where there was just enough space between doors for Lisa to watch the two men.
Rory reached in his jacket and pulled out a sack of gold beads. He poured a few in his hand and showed it to the headmaster, whose eyes were as big as saucers. Rory put them back in the sack and handed it to him. “Grandfather said I was to pay you with this.”
Tad’s voice dropped to a whisper. “Oh my! I believe I told him the crystal was basically worthless. Did anyone see you with this?” He tilts and hides from the door.
“Thankfully,” Rory smiled, “our trip here has been quite uneventful.”
“Your grandfather is truly the most generous man I’ve ever known. Tell him his kindheartedness is greatly appreciated and it will help and feed many for a long time.”
“He said if you are willing he may need more in the future.”
Tad was almost shaking, “Tell him we will always be looking and if we find them, I will send a bird.”
The old man put the package in a burlap sack and handed it to Rory. When they returned, the old man took Lisa by the hand. “Come along child, we’ll find a nice space for you. Are either of you hungry? It’s almost dinner.”
Rory had spotted some fruit pies and couldn’t refuse the invite. Lisa was introduced to two women a little older. They were kind, and for a moment it did indeed seem like the ideal place to be.
Tad took Rory out on a patio where they ate alone discussing Tad’s life. The sun was still dipping as Rory filled his belly with pie and his mind with whimsical Tad stories. But when no one was watching, Lisa sneaked outside where Rory had tied the worthless crystal stone to his horse and replaced the package in the burlap sack with a white stone from the wall.
She seemed so happy, grateful and content when he left, he decided to leave her the hulyee. She wouldn’t be able to buy her sister with it, but she could visit her someday. He bid them all farewell and tried to reach the river before it was completely dark… and he had sweet pies to share.
• • •
Back at the monastery, dinner was served in a simple room with a round dining table, nothing special. There were enough chairs and one extra. It must have been there for Kissna’s sister, they thought. Along with bowls of colorful fruit and vegetables, was a leg of lamb. There was wine and as requested, their water. The tableware was dull pewter, but flowers had been thrown about, and with the large open window at the end of the room, it was all a welcoming sight.
The sisters sat beside each other, as they had plans and may need to whisper now and then. Soon Kissna and Ana joined them.
The queen sat with her hands in her lap. “Now, I know your rooms are nothing like what you are used too. But you won’t be spending much time in them. So far you have only seen a small part of this magnificent place. There are so many rooms, towers, spiral staircases, secret passages and prayer rooms,” she smiled and clasps her hands together, “I can’t wait to show you. This place is truly astounding.”
The ladies had never seen Kissna speak so amorously about anything. “At the end of the day when you go back to your small dark room, you will reflect on your day, and that will bring about deep feelings of humility, and you will no longer take your wonderful life for granted.”
Carla coarsely interrupted Kissna’s daydream. “Well, we’re already humiliated.”
“And we won’t take our lives for granted anymore. Now, where is the tree? So we can lick it, sip it and go home.” Nina snapped.
Donna giggled, and Kissna sighed, “Ladies, ladies, we have two weeks. This is a spiritual journey. It can’t be done overnight. And look what a wonderful spread they have laid out for us. This is truly not the norm. They have no need for such food. To a monk, food is just a source of nourishment.”
Nina and Carla were not impressed.
“It’s not about sweet and sour, crunchy or fluffy, yellow and red, fresh or stale. They don’t need it to smell or look good to eat it.” Kissna tried to enlighten.
Nina crossed her arms, “I guess they don’t need their beds too fluffy because mine is crunchy.”
Ana muffles another giggle as Kissna became more flustered.
Carla asked, “Were you two given your own rooms?”
“Yes, didn't you?” Donna answered.
“No, we’ve never been in outland or in a place like this, so we didn't want to be separated. So we stopped them. We wanted to be together.”
“Oh, I can understand.” Donna’s eyes wandered. “But a monastery is a place of peace and serenity and refuge from the outland. It may take a few days to get used to, but eventually you’ll understand what mothers trying to tell us.”
Nina twisted her mouth, “It’s going to take more than a few days to get used to that back scratcher of a mattress I have.”
Donna snickered and turned to Kissna, “By the way mother, have you seen or heard from your sister Rona yet?”
Kissna looked at the empty seat next to her, but before she could say a word, Gurtis and Odyois appeared. Gurtis introduces him as Abbot, to which he blinked a few times. The robust middle aged man smiled kindly and left them in the good care of Gurtis.
“Have you been waiting for us?” Gurtis eyes went around the table. “Please don’t, we prepared this table just for you. I’m afraid we are used to a much simpler diet. I trust the table we prepared is to your liking?”
Kissna tilted her head and smiled at the girls, then Gurtis, “It is most gracious and kind of you to go out of your way. I know this is far from the norm.”
As Nina and Carla impatiently waited to dive into the meal, Gurtis went on, “We have wonderful gardens. But we sell most of what we produce. It pays for the upkeep of this place and keeps all of us well fed.”
Donna glanced out the window, “This must be the most wonderful time of the year, with the trees and land in full bloom.”
Gurtis started to remove the high backed chair she had been leaning on. When Kissna asked curiously, “When will I finally see my sister? She’s not getting any younger, you know.”
Gurtis eyes widened, and the most sincere smile covered her face. “I can imagine you are so anxious, and so is she. You can see how, after living a life here for so many years going home with you might be a little overwhelming. I think she’s trying to prepare herself for her new life.”
“Well, she needn’t worry about that. All the more reason I should see her as soon as possible. I can cure her every ail, she will shed years like she never dreamed. And I have the most wonderful place picked out for her, it’s beautiful. Did you know any of my other sisters?”
Gurtis shook her head. “I’m afraid not. They were all gone by the time I arrived.”
“It was so many years ago. I hope she’ll still recognize me.” Kissna covered her smirk, knowing she looked much younger than her sister would suspect.
“We're all anxious to see her,” Donna added.
At that moment a servant popped in and whispered something in Gurtis ear. She stood tall and announced, “I’m sorry I’m late for our evening prayer. Seems they won’t start without me.”
“May we join you?” Kissna asked solemnly.
Nina and Carla’s mouth’s fell open.
“Oh, not today, perhaps tomorrow, we’ll see. It’s quite intense. Please enjoy your meal, and we can all get better acquainted tomorrow after a good night sleep.” With that, she nodded and quickly left the room.
And the sisters gave a loud sigh of relief. As Nina reached for a dish to fill her plate, the Queen cleared her throat, “Here, we give thanks before we eat.” Embarrassed, Nina recoiled and exhaled with a moan.
The ladies finish dinner, said their good nights, gave hugs, went back to their rooms but before they could close the doors, Gurtis was kind enough to send a cool craft of wine to ease their first night.
• • •
Nina and Carla drank the wine as they discussed their plans for later that night. They put the candle under the table and stuffed one of the tattered blankets under the door to make it appear as if they had gone to sleep.
Alone in her room, Kissna drank wine and swirled around dizzy with memories of her life as a young girl and reminisced about how her life had unfolded. Just the smell of the place brought back ghost from the past. But as she blew out her one candle, she had to admit sleeping on that mattress was a mean penance on its own.
Though she didn’t admit it, Donna was a bit anxious and the cool wine helped. As the night grew still, she felt very alone with her thoughts. How much easier this would be with her Von at her side. Perhaps she had taken him for granted. Only one other time had she truly been terrified, it was in Outland. Before the walls completely closed in, she reminded herself of what she had told the sisters earlier, that this is a safe place. As for her mattress, she wondered, what would Von do? She laid it on the floor and stomped it supple, yielding a bit more comfort.
• • •
Rory had found his father and uncles and blessed their meal with pies. When his father asked how he faired with his mission, Rory answered, “Uneventful father, uneventful. So where is the excitement?”
Von snickered, “You’ll see in a day or so. I promise you the adventure of your life. You will never see anything like it again.” With that, the men went on with stories that lasted deep into the partial moonlit night.
• • •
When it was dark, and still enough, Lisa took the package, got on the hulyee and left the orphanage in the middle of the night.

14.
LADIES IN THE NIGHT
Carla woke up and discovered they had nodded off to sleep, during which time the monastery had gone completely silent. Tiptoeing around they slowly and quietly pulled the blanket away and opened the door. Some candles had burned out, and the hall was much darker. The excitement cut their breath short.
Once outside the closest exit, Nina asked her sister, “Are you sure you know where the wagons are?”
“They went this way.” She assured, “Don’t worry, we have all night to explore.”
“These monks aren’t going to pop out of a dark corner and grab us, are they?” Nina asked as her eyes rolled around getting used to the darkness of night.
Carla muffled her snicker, “No, they are monks, they don’t want us, they have been emasculated, down there, they look like you and me.”
Nina breathed a sigh of relief until they turned the corner of the building. It looked as if it went on forever, but the ladies continued, determined not to sleep on a crunchy mattress.
Being especially careful not to make too much noise, they stayed off the gravel and in the grass as much as possible. It was a slightly chilly evening, so most of the windows were closed, and a nice slice of moon lit the path the wagon would have taken. The rode started to climb, and the ladies found themselves skirting the walls where there was still soft green grass.
So far, all the windows had been closed and that along with the wind rattling shutters and trees, most likely no one would hear them sneaking around. But they came across two that were open. The first one was dark and when they peeped in the moonlight hit on a nice size room with four men sleeping, and even the wind couldn’t drown out the roaring snores. The ladies muffled their giggle.
The next window would be more of a challenge. The candle glowed brightly, perhaps it was a hallway they hoped, but when they peeped, they could see it was a room, and someone was moving around. They were just in time to see a boot hit the floor, then clothing fell on to a chair. Then it was quiet, Nina took her chance and tiptoed passed the open window. She couldn’t help but look. She saw a naked young man standing at a tall chest of drawers with a mirror facing away from the window. Close call, she thought as she waited for her sister to take her chances. Looking over the young man she couldn’t help but notice things weren’t quite as her sister had explained.
Fortunately, the rest of the way uphill was dark, and all the windows were closed. But to her surprise, Carla seemed spellbound.
As she watched her sister ogle, she whispered like the wind. “I thought you said they were just like us.”
Carla studied the man, who had a smooth muscular frame. What fabulous arms and broad shoulders he had. She watched him take a cloth with oil and wipe the soil off his chest. She stared too long in awe. “They are,” she finally answered her sister.
“Not that one.” Nina snapped a tad over a whisper. “Carla, Carla come on! Move before he sees you.” Nudged out of her stupor, Carla joined her sister just in time. The man glanced toward the window and looked around as the ladies hugged the wall, then he closed it.
As they suspected, at the top of the hill they found their wagons. Not only that, they discovered their room was closer to that spot, and after moving the candle and table, most of the new furnishings were delivered via the window. Oddly, the too high window in the room was only a few feet high outside. It didn’t take long before the decorators were done with their room.
Mother was right, they were truly grateful to be lying in their fluffy beds, surrounded by other buttresses of comfort. The exciting night left a little tickle in their bellies. There was a lot to explore.

15.
LET THE GAMES BEGIN
Meanwhile, out in the Sawtee countryside, it was morning, and the men were breaking up camp heading for Abinnar. They keep their eyes and ears open but laughed and sang songs along the way.
Rory raised his nose in the air and grimaced, “Father, what’s that smell? It keeps getting worse.”
Von pointed up far on top of a hill. “There's a city behind a great wall, Abinnar. It’s said no Abinnarian is ever lost, if he has a nose.”
Rory frowned, “If it smells that bad back here what will it smell like when we get there? I think I’ll just stay lost.”
“Come on, son.” Von and the others snickered, “It’ll make a real man out of you. We’ll write it in our story… And Rory savored the sweet scent of Abinnar for the first time.”
“And it does have a way of sticking to you.” Blair looked at Von, “We’re getting pretty close. Maybe we should set up camp about here for tonight.”
Von nodded in agreement. “We’ll eat and get a good night’s rest. We have a big day tomorrow. There’s just nothing like the games. Gabe, what’s for dinner?”
Gabe leaned back in his saddle, “Well now, how about fresh jackrabbit, water, loads of apples still a little green, and wine, hot wine.”
Rory frowned at the thought of hot wine, but his father smiled, “Now that’s a manly meal.”
“Especially that hot wine,” Gabe added.

16.
WHAT’S GOING ON HERE
Back at the monastery; the next morning the ladies were surprised to find no breakfast, not even a bowl of mush. And when Carla entered the kitchen to enquire, the cook and his helper looked shocked to see her. The princesses had to admit, they were accustomed to waking up late especially with no fireplace in the room.
However, Queen Kissna was up and dressed early as expected, but she could not find Gurtis. A few pointed to her room, and that she was still sleeping. That was obviously ridiculous, she was most likely in the fields already. She considered going out to look for her, but the farm was enormous and such a task was impossible. Nevertheless, the morning was so lovely the queen took a walk.
Famished, Kissna returned to the dining room where they had eaten dinner the night before. The rest of the hungry ladies had gathered waiting for eggs, slivers of pork, sweet cakes of all kinds, leftovers from last night, or just a biscuit or two. As they sat around the table believing they had arrived too late for breakfast, a rushed monk entered with a large pot with bowls and spoons. He filled them and they passed them around. He nodded and left. They waited for bread, butter, milk, and honey or maybe a pitcher of their water, but it never came.
Being hungry, they choked down the food. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t been warned. Then from the kitchen, Gurtis could be heard arguing something about wine. No doubt they could have at least brought wine, the ladies thought the quarreling must have been about.
But that wasn’t quite the case. Gurtis was furious, she questioned whether the special wine she had made, just for these specific guest, had been served at dinner and before they retired for bed the night before. After the startled kitchen aids nodded, absolutely, Gurtis eyes popped from spot to spot in deep thought. “Okay, I want another batch made, undiluted, and sat in the river in the shade, so that by dinner it will be icy cool and refreshing.”
When she entered the dining room, Kissna expected to see her a bit ruffled and maybe a bit dirty with all the work she must have been doing since early that morning, as she herself was a little dusty, but Gurtis was as if she had just gotten dressed, even her shoes were clean.
“She bolstered a bright and bubbly good morning, made her apologies, that nothing gets done properly if she’s not watching over it, and invited them on another tour. This time they discovered just how vast the place was. There were rooms and rooms with more rooms, staircases, and passageways old and new. Everyone kept up, fearing that if they should get lost, no one would find them.
Seeing that she had exhausted them, especially Kissna, Gurtis took them to the one place she knew they were anxious to see, the grand library. There were rooms full of books but this place was enormous and perhaps the most beautiful room in the entire monastery. The ladies were awestruck. Their eyes widened as if they had found a great treasure. Gurtis gloated, “We have tied books and scrolls from spiritual leaders, wizards, healers, philosophers, alchemists and architects from around the world. Drawings and paintings of people and animals, plants, trees and what’s below the sea, from every spot in the world, if that kind of thing interest you. We also have a history of the families from here and abroad, and some local from before the war.” She looked at Nina and Carla, “The family books had been left behind when King Eric fled Hummy. Most have been translated. The script would come to us and of course, we would keep a copy for ourselves. Many are very old, so please treat them with gentle care.”
She led them out on to a patio with a huge tree growing in the center. She stood in front of it and flung her arms and fingers out. “This is the Alkaleen tree, it the one you seek to heal your womb. Lick the fresh running sap and drink the tea from leaves just sprouting. And you shall have healthy robust sons.”
Nina and Donna approached the tree to examine it. Just as mother had said it was old and humongous with blood red leaves. Though the bark on the trunk was rough, you could clearly see sap running from it. Donna was first to taste, “Oh, it is sweet, it’s delicious.”
Nina on behalf of all her lost children, took an emotional step and tasted the sap. She smiled at her sister, “Yes, it’s like a woody honey.”
Carla’s eyes welled up just a little, knowing all her sister had been through. However, she would never know what it tasted like. Unlike Donna and Nina, Carla and Blair’s family had no blood ties to Towten’s or Kissna, and she had daughters just the right age for Von’s sons. This was an easy fix.
On the second floor, was a grand balcony. From there, Gurtis showed them the landscape. It stretched as far as they could see. There were buildings scattered across where field workers lived. Gurtis explained that one large red one was where most of the women stayed. The monastery and its surroundings were littered with spots of breathtaking beauty and quiet serenity.
“We only have two meals a day here. If you get a little hungry, just reach up a tree or ask. There is always something growing nearby. So, until dinner, ladies.” Gurtis bid them good day, confident she would know where they were and what they were doing for the rest of the day. And she was right, they hardly spoke to one another, but spun off in different directions looking for wonders of the world. The library was so gigantic one had no idea where to start. And no matter where you started, there were walls and walls more. Thoughts flashed that perhaps a few weeks just wasn’t enough. Queen Kissna had all but forgotten her sister, but wondered what Gurtis would be willing to part with, for the right price. Carla found the family history of the Hummy and wondered if she could make the argument that it belonged with its people.
Dinner was long, though the leftover lamb was a little dry, no one complained. The candles burned down as hearts pounded and like explorers from around the world, they delivered their discoveries. Eyes popped, jaws fell and bread was pulled apart. Like treasure spilled out across the table eyes sparked and voices whispered even to conspire and steal. Even with the jugs of cool wine empty, tonight’s sleep would be restless.

17.
WANDERLAND
The next day Gurtis was in her private office, a place she neglected to show her guest on the tour. Artius spread himself out on a large chair and watched her storm from one end of the room to the other. “It is true, they are not human, they should all be dead, three times dead by now. But no, they are not showing the slightest signs of illness. What am I to do with them? How can my sister expect me to kill these she devils, I have no experience with such things?”
“Perhaps they are immune to the berries, they may have been eating them all their lives.” Artius groaned, “They look completely harmless to me, even the old queen. How old did you say she was?”
Gurtis stopped to face him. “See, that’s what I’m talking about. Her youngest sister Rona would have been over ninety by now.”
Artius sat up with a puzzled frown.
“Yes, that’s what I’m trying to tell you.” she went back to her pacing. “She’s not normal. None of them are.” She threw her hands up in the air. “Nothing’s going according to plan. They were supposed to die from the berry wine and I was going to explain that they had eaten the poison berries by accident. But now what’s my excuse. I can’t kill them until my sister has confirmed that their men are dead. And I’ve run out of lies to tell that pushy queen. What am I to do with her?”
At the end of her stride was a tall cabinet with glass doors. Something inside put a grin on her face. She went to her desk, pulled a necklace with a small silver bottle hanging from it. “I think the queen is going on a retreat with her sister.”
• • •
Meanwhile, the ladies scooped up breakfast and carried it into the library, so they could eat, chat and study to their heart's content. The day continued as the night before, with books lain open to affirm the absurd stories professed by its last reader.
Pillows from chairs lined a wooden bench along the balcony rim, and a small table and chairs dragged from the inside out made a nice cozy corner. Kissna reminded them, “Don’t forget, we must return things as we found them. We are not at home.”
Nina smiled, craning her neck, looking around, “This place is like a dream. I think we should build one like it when we get back.”
“And fill it with what?” Carla asked, “Half the fascination is the books it carries. And those heavily lacquered walls, who’s going to keep them polished like these. They have a massive workforce, and we don’t. Though our palace will rival any I have ever seen, and it is spotless, the work is spread thin, and that keeps things relaxed and our people happy. Not like the old days when father ruled.” She looked out in the field to see a line of workers. “And I have yet to hear one of them utter a single complaint.”
“That’s because they have given a vow of silence.” Kissna interrupts, “Some have not spoken for years.”
“Years,” Nina cried out, “I can’t imagine.” She causes the others to laugh.
“We should play a game,” Donna blurts, “to see who can stay silent the longest, and mother, you can’t play.” Kissna raised an eyebrow, and there was more laughter.
• • •
It was just about noon when Donna entered the library returning an armload of books. She was surprised to find Kissna quietly staring out a window. Donna took notice, the queen’s hair was pulled back into one plain long braid, and she was wearing a drab, faded, flat cut, black dress. “Well hello mother, see anything interesting?”
Kissna didn’t answer.
Donna could see the queen was tense, rolling her ring. She put the books down and gently approached, “Still, no word from Rona?”
With the clouds reflecting in her eyes Kissna answered, “Nothing. Perhaps after all these years, she hates me. What if they thought I was responsible for sending them away?”
Donna shook her head, “But what about the birds you sent? Surely she was expecting us.”
“No, not exactly. I told her I was coming to get her.” Kissna exhaled deeply and dropped her eyes. “I've been so rude to Gertis, there's no telling what she’s told her.” She turned to Donna with a quizzical look. “I sent a bird to Vincent last night, strangest thing, I didn't recognize not one of the birds. I mean, I send them all the time, back and forth for years. I should think I would recognize at least one.” She waved it off and went back to staring at the clouds. “No matter, most likely they’re with Rona.”
Donna’s eyes wandered, “What did Gertis say?”
“Not much, be patient.” After a bit of silence, Kissna added, “This place has been a real test for me. I never realized how impatient I am.” She raised her voice and blinked a few times. “Right now, I’m ready to demand Gertis bring Rona to me, immediately. That’s exactly the way we were taught not to be. In the old days, I would have been scolded terribly for my behavior.”
They snicker. Sounding a bit more hopeful, Kissna put Donna’s heart at ease. “When I finally see her, I just want us to at least spend some time together. Maybe go on a retreat or something. She is my last living sister.” They exchange an optimistic smile.
• • •
Sitting on the second floor library balcony, Nina and Carla sip tea and flip pages. Now and then they lift their heads to inhale the beauty. Nina’s attention is captured by a line of workers passing nearby. Her mouth fell ajar as one, in particular, looked familiar. With her knees on the bench and leaning over she frowns. “Good heavens, that looked like Chee.”
Nina barely got a rise out of Carla, who answered in a monotone voice and never takes her eyes from her book. “Sorry, you know I can’t recall much from back then.”
Watching the young lady disappear, she explained. “We were just like sisters. We are the same age. We ate slept and played together until we went to Towten, and ran off with Chin when he took his family away during the blizzards. I’m going out to see if I can get a better look.”
But before she could, Donna stepped out onto the balcony, “Here you are. It's dinner and I didn’t want to eat alone.”
“Where’s mother?” Nina asked, with eyes wide.
“I can’t find her. I looked in her room to see if she wanted to join me for dinner. I’m hoping she’s with Rona.”
“Now that would be nice,” Carla shut her book. “She was getting a bit flustered. We started to take our vow of silence seriously whenever she was around.” They giggled.
“Well let’s have dinner.” Donna suggested, “Gertis always pops in around that time. I'm sure she’ll tell us all about it.”
“Yes, I have a question to ask her.” Nina brushed past Donna eagerly. “I think I saw a close friend of mine in the fields. I would love to see her again. We were like sisters in Hummy when we were children.”
“That’s extraordinary, to find a childhood friend after all these years, way out here in a place like this.” Donna blinked a few times.
• • •
As expected, near the end of dinner, Gurtis arrived as lively as ever. “Good evening ladies. Before you retire, I just had to give you the wonderful news. Your mother has gone on a retreat with her sister. Let’s pray they rekindle the peace and love they’ve missed all these years.” Her news was met with pleased faces.
But before she could bid them goodnight, Nina asked, “Gurtis? I saw a young girl working in the fields who looks a lot like a friend of ours. Her name was Chee.”
The ball on top Gurtis head went from one side to the other. “Chee? No, we have no one here with that name. Not even similar. I’m so sorry.”
A little disappointed and a little relieved, Nina relented. “Oh, it’s okay, I’m glad. I hope she’s happy somewhere with her family.”

18.
THERE SHE IS AGAIN
Pointing, “Look! There she is again. That girl right there. She looks just like Chee.”
Nina stared intensely as a line of women were escorted out into the fields. In urgent haste, she hopped over the low barrier and brush, just in time to catch the girl and pull her aside.
Seeing her face, Nina was positive it was indeed Chee and her heart burst. “Chee it’s me, Nina!” Chee seemed to be in a kind of stupor. Nina grabbed her and pulled her into the tall foliage and waited until the others had passed. Staring into her face, Chee’s eyes finally widened. The two hugged in an explosion of lost love.
Carla stood lookout and helped pull them back onto the patio. They sat on a nearby bench. Chee was worn, her face, skin, and hair so perfect at one time now made her look older and sad, but in her eyes was a soul closer than her own sister. Nina held her hands and had a thousand questions.
“Chee, my sweetest, I think of you all the time. I wondered what happened to you and your family.” Nina blinked away the welling tear in her eye. Chee motioned with her hand that she had wondered the same.
Nina took notice, “So, you took a vow of silence?”
Chee put her hand over her mouth and shook her head no, then drop her eyes as a tear ran off the end of her nose.
Nina sat confused, “So, you didn’t take a vow? Then why won’t you speak?”
Carla who had sat quietly observing, rose and gently lifted Chee’s head and opened her mouth. Nina had to look, then gasp covering her mouth with the back of her hand.
“They took your tongue, didn’t they?” Carla asked compassionately. “These people aren't monks they’re probably Sauwtee slaves. That’s why no one ever smiles. They use them to work these fields. No wonder the place is so immaculate and well kept. I wonder what other secrets they’re keeping.”
Pulling herself together, Nina asked, I wonder if Mother knows? She wrapped an arm around her long lost friend.
Carla’s eyes wandered, and she lowered her voice. “Probably not since she has never seen Gurtis before and Gurtis lied and said she didn't know Chee. Where is mother anyway? She’s been gone on this retreat for what, four or five days already? Kind of think of it we haven't seen Donna today either. I think we need to find them and stay together.”
“What about Chee?” Nina’s lip quivered. She held her close and the woman’s head fell heavy as if weary. “Let’s hide her in our room. Chee, you can stay with us. You can lock the door. They’ll think you ran away.”
The woman stood up shaking her head, no. With her eyes wide she looked the sister’s over, amazed that they had hardly changed in all the years since they were separated during the storms in Towten. Her face lifted, arched brows and a slight smile broke Nina’s heart.
“Please, you can’t leave me. What, why? Let us help you. Do you have a family now? Where’s your father?” Nina tried to hold on to Chee, who with a sincere expression of love, quickly jumped over the wall and ran off. It was all too much for her, too many questions, too painful to recall.
Nina stood blank, “She was tortured, I’ve never seen anything like that in my whole life. Whatever her reason, we must save her.”
Carla said nothing, catching Nina’s attention. “Lala, it’s Chee!”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t remember her.” Carla looked off into the past. “I remember walking down the hall at Old Hummy Palace, and guards tussling with a prisoner headed to the gallows, he looked as if he had been beaten and blood ran from his nose and mouth. As he passed, he looked at me and opened his mouth,” she grimaced, “his tongue was missing.” She shook her head, “I can recall that horrible moment but I can’t remember your friend.”
“My friend,” Nina protested, “Carla, we loved her like a sister, we grew up together.”
Carla blinked a few times, “I’m so sorry, I just can’t remember. You can’t imagine how hard it is.” And there was silence as Nina sat feeling helpless and alone and Carla, feeling useless and hollow.
But it was too quiet between them. Carla jumped to her feet with a sigh, “Come on, we need to find Donna and Mother.” Those words pulled them both out of their despair and reminded them of what they do best… snoop.
The rest of the day they spent casually visiting all common areas and accidentally intruding in private places on purpose. Eventually ending up back at their own room, where they could come up with a new strategy.
Nina plopped down on her bed, kicked off her shoes and laid back. “So, slowly we disappear, one by one. Thank heavens we’re sharing a room.”
With her hands at her hips, Carla paced the floor. “Who, who can we trust? Oh, I wonder?” She tucked in her bottom lip.
Nina sat up, “What?”
Carla gave her sister a sneaky grin, “Maybe that young man, Motto.”
Nina gasp, “I’ve noticed the way you two look at one another. What’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Carla smirked. “my blood just runs a little warmer than yours.”
“You wouldn’t.” Nina dared.
Carla spun around to face her sister. “No, I would not! I love my Blair. I have all my life. But I’m fascinated at the sight of Motto. You see him, but not like I do. I can see the heat roll off his back whenever I’m near.”
Nina’s mouth fell ajar.
“Of course I would never touch him.” She smiled, “Me, leave the life I have, to live out here, with a man with no tongue?” She leaned down into Nina’s face. “Tell me sister, the last time you looked in my ear, did you see clear out to the other side?”
They laughed until the problem at hand dawned again. Carla approached a pile of large books, pulling one from the stack. “We’re laughing but if we don’t see Donna or Mother at dinner, I’d say we’re in deep trouble. Late tonight I think we should go where we have no excuse or business being.”
“Now you have me excited. Why am I like that?” Nina wrinkled her brow, talking to herself.
Flipping the pages, Carla went on, “I knew I had seen this earlier.” Nina joined her. The book was full of beautiful illustrations and detailed drawings of the Monastery inside and out. “I was thinking, what if this place had an attic? We could hear everyone’s conversations. And maybe find Mother and Donna. Hopefully, they will be at dinner.”
The ladies raked over the pages for interesting locations, finding where they believed Mother and Donna stayed and noting changes made through the years and good places to hide a person.
Dinner came, and they were alone again. After the servant came with their nightly bottle of wine that, due to new suspicions would not be drank that night, they took a nap.
They dressed in the monk garb that had been left for them to change into when they first arrived. Nina giggled, getting Carla’s attention. “Guess what I have?” Carla watched her dig in a junk jewelry box and pull out a huge ring of keys.
Carla’s eyes grew with delight. “Where in the world?”
“You can’t remember,” Nina snickered, “but I’ve been stealing these since we were little kids.”
With that said, they covered their heads, blew out the candle and left with maps drawn in their minds.

19.
THE WORLD OF ODYOIS
A portion of the library was allocated to record keeping. A narrow hallway and door led to Odyois office. He managed the business side of the monastery. It was the laughter that first made him sit up and take notice. Laughter, with the exception of some dry sarcasm, was rarely heard at the monastery but he hadn’t forgotten it existed. At first, he found it annoying, a distraction, even with his door closed in a quiet moment of thought, it rudely slithered in. He had to see where this noise was coming from, who were these giggling chickens.
This is when he first caught a glimpse of Donna, dashing back and forth like some imaginary glimmer of light. She lifted his heart. Now he left the door open, and every day he could hear the little birds chirping, forcing him to crack a smile. Where once he would have had someone else pull files and record books from the library, now he would go himself, just to get a glimpse of them. Deep in their titter, they were never the wiser.
He made it his business to be just passing if there was a chance he could catch the one called Donna. He made small talk and found her intelligent and refreshingly friendly.
Normally with mother gone, Donna would have been lost. But not in a place like this. Fill your pockets with biscuits and fruit, stop by the library load up and find a nice quiet spot. You have no place to be, No one is looking for you, there’s no one to take care of, it’s just you, free. She felt a little guilty, but this was a once in a lifetime opportunity. She had to take it for all it was worth. At the end of the day, when she stepped out into the halls, it felt like she had been gone for days and just returned from some far off journey. A place much further away than Outland.
• • •
One morning with the list fresh in her mind, Donna started to stack her desired reading for the day. Odyois pulled a book nearby, “Oh, good morning dear lady. Have you been here all night? It seems I never step in here and not see you.”
Donna was a little caught off guard, “Good morning, Yes I suppose it might look that way, it’s just that I have never been exposed to so much in one place at one time. And as I will only be here for a short time, I must gather as much as I can.”
“Oh, I’m not complaining, I find it most encouraging to see a young woman with such an eager desire to study.”
Donna smiled at the word’s young woman, as she was at least his age. He purposefully headed back to his office, and Donna being the nosey person she was, followed him, as he hoped she would.
“What exactly are you wanting to find? What interest you the most? As there are thousands of books here, I might be able to direct you to your pleasure.”
Upon entering his office, Donna was spellbound and at a loss for words. Except for the lacquered walls, it reminded her of old Towten Palace from when she was a child and lived there. Yes, he had walls of books, but some were bound with gemstone covers, gold, wood, animal hides and one appeared to be dried human skin.
She turned to him and asked point blank, “Odyois, tell me truly, are you a wizard?”
Odyois was caught off guard, “Heavens no,” He laughed heartily.
“What’s so funny?” Donna asked seriously, “It’s just that some of the books you display are bizarre, to say the least. And shall I dare to open one?”
Odyois saw himself as a kind and gentle soul, set apart from most. Maybe even too lax in some areas of his surrounding life. The last thing he would be is a wizard. That said, if anyone had the potential, knowledge, and capacity, he did.
He settled down and motioned for her to have a seat. “I am a wizard in that I study people, how they think and react. To that end, I have become the gatekeeper, trusted with what could become the dangerous tools of a wizard or such.”
Donna’s eyes widened, and her mouth fell ajar.
“Surrounded by such things and what became of the past owners, is enough to keep any wise person from dabbling. Basically, my child, I’m a coward when it comes to those kinds of things.”
Donna’s eyes rolled with her thoughts. “I was wondering if I might have a look in one?” She hesitated, “I have, there is an object that I know of, and I would like to find out more about it. It’s the kind of thing that may be found in a book like those.” She pointed.
Odyois dropped his smile and raised his brow. Upon finding out who these ladies were, he happened on information that he excepted with a lot of skepticism. And to look at her, she seemed more angelic than demonic. But now she speaks of possessing something that might be cataloged in one of his books of darkness.
“What is it?” He asked.
Donna drew back, not wanting to say anything until she talked to Mother.
“Donna, such things are dangerous, they can cause havoc in your life and the people around you. Your family, even whole villages have been lost to dark possessions.”
Donna still said nothing.
“I can help you, that is what I do. I lock up these evils.”
Donna dropped her gaze, and an uncomfortable amount of time passed. She waits for Odyois to change the subject but when she looked up his eyes were still heavy on her. Odyois wondered if this was the true purpose of their journey. He considered himself the authority on such things and was suddenly dry and deadly serious.
“Donna,” he softened his voice, “I understand these entities, trust me.” He motioned, “Come, I will show you.”
For Donna, the books she had just seen put her on guard. But something about the man made her feel safe. His friendship seemed genuine, his voice and smile sincere. He unlocked a door, and she followed him into another smaller room with more oddities. He locked the door behind them.
She thought, so this is what he wanted to show me, but he lit a candle, pushed a bookcase and exposed a long flight of stairs, deep and dark. He hummed a tune and brushed away a few cobwebs till, at the bottom, he pulled a key from around his neck, and opened the door to blackness. Donna’s heart pounded with fear, what is this? She wondered.
“No one but no one must ever know about this place.” He fumbled for a lamp, “Only me and one other knows of it. I’m telling you because I know who you are and from where you come. You pose no threat to me.”
At that moment he found the lamp, and the room lit up. It shimmered with the reflections of treasure on display. Gem covered boxes, crowns, scepters, swords, and more books. But Odyois walked past all that uttering, “Just gifts and payments from the past.”
He suddenly stopped, turning to Donna, “Don’t be afraid, nothing down here can hurt you.” With that, he lit another lamp and Donna was shocked to see the unbelievable.
Donna examined with eyes wide. “What, what is all this?”
“Things, things put here for safekeeping. Some sacred, some cursed. Please, I wouldn't touch anything.” He warned.
As Odyois moved along, Donna lagged, spellbound. “Is this a real human head?”
“Yes,” he slowed to explain, “That’s the head of Sattaos. It's gold gilled. There’s a story for everything in here. I should keep better records, but I’m getting old, and I can ask no one to help me. If the Sawtee knew I had all this, they would surely kill me, kill us all, so no one can know.”
Donna leaned in on a lacy crystal box. “I understand why. Odyois, is this heart really beating?”
He laughed out loud, “I wondered about that myself, I had to open it. I discovered it was the way it’s set in the box that makes it look like it’s beating.” He was only too happy to take it out of its special case and show her.
Odyois tour continues through the most beautiful, strange, and bizarre. As Donna followed him, she was enchanted and shared her amusement. She was fascinated by the wild and funny stories he told and by the amazing things she saw.
She took notice of a ring that matched the blue moon pendant. Her nose flared, “Odyois, where did this come from?”
“That my dear is the most desired, Blue Moon Ring. It’s said to bestow great power over men to the woman who wears it. However, there is a matching pendant. If one should wear the ring and the pendant the irresistible power is said to be so deadly, it can drain the life out of a man with just one touch.”
His words took her breath, she put her hand to her chest. “Where did it come from?”
“I’m not sure. I have the story around here some were, but look around, how would I find it. I need to keep better records. Someone will have to take my place one day. They need to know what they are dealing with. I need someone I can trust, someone who knows the dangers of such eccentricities.”
It was all over her face, and he read it like one of his books. “Perhaps you may want to help me with this task?”
Donna’s face lit up at the thought of being an apprentice to a man she could only think of as a good wizard. “I would love to, but I’m not sure how long I’ll be here.”
Odyois assured her, “I will gladly accept any amount of time you are willing to give.”
As he led her out and darkness closed in behind them, they passed by the ring, and she pocketed a dust covered scroll.

20.
MORE THAN YOU WANTED TO KNOW
With no candle, hoods up, and stockinged feet, they quietly explored the dark structure, encountering few and in which case, a nod did suffice. After covering three floors and finding nothing of interest, there was only the attic and a few towers left.
Discouraged, they made their way to the dark narrow hall where the staircase should be. On the way, there appeared to be bright candlelight and movement of some kind. Something big was going on down there. Their disguise had worked so far but this would be a little too courageous for even them. However, this might be their only chance to find out what these so called people of peace were up too.
Ahead wasn’t the only way to the attic. There was a staircase on each end of the building which had an old side and a newer side. Attics of such a place, especially the old side didn’t fail their imagination. Upon reaching the hallway leading to the staircase, there were already cobwebs, in an otherwise spotless environment.
At the top of the stair, they ran into a door and yes it was locked. Carla stood watch in the shadows at the bottom to warn if someone should pass. Nina pulled out her noisy ring of keys and tried to find a match for the lock. It seemed to take forever.
At last, the door was opened with a blast of dust causing Nina to muffle a sneeze. Light shined down from small windows near the ceiling, but that didn’t stop them from bumping into an empty mop bucket, making a racket as loud as a thunderclap. They closed the door behind them and sat still until their eyes adjusted to the dark. The attic was massive, the length and width of the monastery without halls of walls. Darkness outlined large areas where crates and old furniture was stacked. Bird or bat wings flapped above.
Slowly and by the light of the moon filtering through blankets of cobwebs, they made their way passing small spikes of light from cracks in the ceiling plaster below. Here they could peep and listen to conversations. It quickly became clear that Chee was not the only one missing her tongue. The sisters watched the monks play cards, laugh and converse in a kind of grunting lingo that only they understood.
Two days of investigating had passed with no Donna or Mother in sight. Their imagination ran wild with fear. One more day in the attic by night and in the garden by day, was the plan. But that night in the midst of darkness, a loud voice came from the far opposite end of the attic where the commotion had been on the third floor days ago. Gurtis voice could clearly be heard. There was light leaking and many candles moving about, lots of noise. It was in the location of Mothers room which until now had been dark and silent. The sisters’ eyes lit up with hope as they peeked to see if mother was back in her room.
Their hearts pounded as they put an eye to the floor. There were servants rushing back and forth as Gurtis rudely hurled out orders to tear the room apart. “I don’t care how many times you searched; I want it searched again.”
“What are they looking for?” Nina whispered.
“I want that pendant and I want it tonight! I want every inch of this room turned inside out. I must have it.” Gurtis ranted.
The sisters’ watched in shock and clutched their hearts with arched brows when they heard another voice, a man, Odyois.
“What’s going on in here. What are you doing?” He coarsely inquired.
“This is none of your business, unless… Did Kissna give you anything for safekeeping?” Gurtis demanded.
“Like what?”
“The full moon pendant?”
Carla gasp almost loud enough to be heard.
Taken aback, Odyois replied, “Kissna has the Full Moon pendant? Good heavens. Why, what do you want with it? Certainly not for any good, of that I’m sure.”
Gurtis narrowed her eyes at him, “If you have it, you’d better give it up. Taska is coming, she wants it. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll stay out of our way.”
Odyois stepped back, “So, there was a dirty plot to all this. You lied to me. You said they were coming here for the tree sap and seeds. That pendant is no plaything. It’s not some silly trinket.”
“What do I care. I don’t want it?” Gurtis brushed it off, “Our Queen wants it.”
“Where is the other woman? Did you kill her?” Odyois snarled.
“No, I drugged her with tranquilsigh. She asked too many questions. And answered none of mine. She’s not dead yet. Go see for yourself, at the end of the hall.”
“I will. And what about the rest of them? Just what do you plan to do when her sons get back? You fool, those men will kill us all.”
“I don’t think so. Taska has taken care of that. We won’t be seeing them again.” Gurtis cooed.
Above, the sisters’ bounced from their peepholes in terror, covering their mouths but still listening.
“See, it’s not all bad Odyois. That one Donna? With her man out of the way, she belongs to you now.”
Odyois voice rose, “Shut up Gurtis. You disgust me. You have tar in your chest where a heart should be. I wish I had never walked in here. I’ll have nothing to do with any of this.”
As he stormed away, Gurtis yelled, “It’s too late, from the day you murdered my sister.” She cackled with an evil grin.
The sisters made their way to the end of the hall where Mother’s room should have been but there was no light or sound below.
Back in their room, the ladies couldn’t sleep. Carla paced the floor. Nina laid on her bed clutching a small fur pillow to her chest.
With arched brows, Carla wondered out loud, “If our men aren't coming back, what could have happened? They couldn't be…”
“Don’t say it, don’t say it, don’t say that word!!” Nina covered her ears. “I don’t believe it! You know…,” she threw her arms out to her sides and stared at the ceiling. “Whenever anything is seriously wrong with my Gabe, I can always feel a little something sick deep down inside. Well, I don't feel it. She has to be lying.”
Carla sat on the edge of Nina’s bed. “I usually feel something too. You don’t think we were so caught up with what’s going on here that we missed it?”
“No,” Nina shook her head. “but I just wish they could feel us. They would be back already.”
The next morning as they contemplated whether to eat the food or not, they entered the dining room and found Donna just leaving. Overjoyed they rushed her with cries of, “Where have you been, we have been desperately looking for you.”
But before she could answer, Carla grabbed her by the arm and whispered, “Donna we need to get out of here. You know us… We did some snooping around and heard Gurtis tell Odyois she drugged Mother. She was tearing mother’s room apart looking for the blue moon pendant. She said Mother was at the end of the hall but by the time we got there we found nothing.”
“That’s not all.” Nina interrupted, “She said her sister had taken care of our men, and they wouldn't be coming back. We need to get out of here quick. Whatever they plan on doing, it’s going to be soon.”
Donna was taken aback, her breath cut short, then she caught herself, after all, these two sisters could knot up some pretty good stories. “Are you sure?” she smirked in disbelief. “This is a monastery, and Gurtis and Odyois have only shown me kindness. And Mother told me herself, she wanted to go on a retreat with her sister for a few days.”
She tilted her head with some concern, “I have the pendant, not Mother. She gave it to Von, and he gave it to me, thinking it would be safer if it were kept in a place like this. Did you know it has a matching ring?”
The sisters bumped back, with eyes wide, and Nina asked, “No! It’s here too? What happens if you wear both … and walk into the moonlight?”
“Okay,” Donna burst before the princesses’ became, completely unhinged. “I’ll innocently ask around and see if I can find Mother and if she is just fine, will you two relax?”
With arched brows, Carla answered, “We will, but you’re not, not going to find her okay, that is. Just keep your eyes and ears open. Things are not what they seem.”
“Oh, and my poor friend Chee,” Nina added, “that was her, and her tongue had been cut out.”
Donna’s eyes wandered, “So if this is so. Who can we trust?”
“Only each other.” Carla blurted.
“We’ll keep looking for Mother too.” Nina shook her head and blinked a few times, “I don’t want to separate, but If we don’t, they may become suspicious that we know something. Be careful,” she took Donna’s hands and locked eyes, “and keep your door locked at night.”

21.
THE BAD QUEEN
Gurtis stood in the monastery courtyard, her sister had been spotted and was due to arrive any moment. Queen Taska and her small elaborate but junkie entourage was led to the library.
Dressed in her normal drab garb, Gurtis looked her lavishly dressed sister over twice. “You’re looking very well, my Queen.”
Standing close with her eyes hard on her sister, Taska replied in a dry demanding voice. “Thank you, now where’s the pendant?”
Stepping back, Gurtis answered nervously, “I've been working on that. I've searched all her belongings, and I found no pendant.”
The queen cornered her. “Are you sure? Sure as you losing your head if I don't get it?”
Gurtis swallowed hard and made her excuses, “Well, I had to drug the woman. She's an arrogant bitch! I’m not even sure that’s her. How old did you say she was? She doesn't look that old.”
“Of course she doesn’t, she's been wearing the pendant. Why do you think I'm here?” The queen stepped back and asked with a sigh, “Who did she bring with her?”
Gurtis stood behind her desk to put some room between her and her sister. “Her daughters, three princesses.”
“Where are they?”
“One is helping Odyois with his records,” she stuttered, “and, and the other two are basking under the beautiful trees. What worthless rags they are. You should see the way they pick and prep. I have plans for them.” She tried to get her sister’s mind off her incompetence.
Taska sat down and released a large jeweled clasp that allowed her cloak to fall away. It dressed the chair impressively. She leaned back with her nose in the air and ordered. “Show me the one helping Odyois. She has no idea who I am. I'll ask kindly at first. For all we know, Kissna may have given it to him.”
They share an evil cackle then hustle down the hall to Donna’s room, but no one was there. Taska has her guards search.
All the commotion drew Odyois attention, and he eavesdropped and heard the queen order, “If we don’t find it in here, we’ll find her, and I’ll pull every tooth out of her head to get that pendant.”
Odyois ran back to his office and took a small spiral staircase up to a quaint little room where Donna was working. His rush startled her. “Donna, child, stay here. Don’t make a move, don’t make a sound.” He whispered.
Donna’s eyes bugged, “Why, what’s happened?”
Odyois shook his head and put his finger to his lips. He blew out her candle and left her in the dark. Having seen Gurtis searching Kissna’s room the day before, he had a plan in place just in case. He hid the ring out where Taska could find it and he would tell her that this is what Kissna had given him. Hopefully, this would satisfy her vile heart. Like clockwork, the door burst open and the two wicked sisters floated in.
Odyois sat at his desk looking busy. “My queen, I see you still never learned to knock first. No matter. To what do I owe your most wonderful visit?”
“Shut it!” she scowled with her fist at her hips. “I know you hate the sight of me. I'm here for the pendant. I'm willing to pay you well. 100 gold coins.” Gurtis looked stabbed in the back. She motioned for her guards to start searching.
“I don't have the pendant and why would you think I did?”
As he spoke, she looked at the dark staircase. “The woman was to bring it here for safekeeping.”
Odyois shook his head with a sigh, “Such things are dangerous. It can come of no good. If you find it, give it to me and let me destroy it.”
Her hard narrow features and cold pale eyes were intimidating. “Jackass, do you think I’m playing games with you?” She turned to Gurtis, “Bring them all to me. I will have that pendant and they will be on their knees glad to give it to me.” Her nose was leading her to the dark staircase when Odyois stood up to bar her, but a guard rushed in just in time with the box he had planted, and she stopped.
“My queen,” he bowed, “Might this be what you are looking for?” He handed her the old wooden box but when she opened it, Odyois serious expression turned to astonishment, when he saw the missing pendant was also there. Donna must have also found the box as the scroll was missing.
Taska face lit up with delight as she held the pendant up to examine it. “Oh how beautiful, it is bewitching. And look the matching ring.” She put it on as everyone in the room gasp. She turned to Odyois, holding her hand out gawking at the ring. “What effect will the ring have on the pendant?”
He was so upset, he called her by her first name. “Taska, I beg you to put such things away. It's not a toy. They’re dangerous. You don't know what you’re doing.” One of her guards starred him down with his hand on a dagger. “It will intensify the power.” He relented.
“Oh come now, Odyois. As if you care about my well being. And if they used it and had it this long, well it's my turn.” The queen twirled around with joy, then whispered to a guard who left the room. “Now I must go. I definitely want to be home by the next full moon! You see Odyois, dearest, I do know some things.”
The guard returned with a large gold chest and set it on Odyois desk. “As I promised, here’s your reward.” Gurtis ran up and took the chest and scurried out with the queen and all the others in toe. Odyois closed and locked the door behind them.
• • •
Back at Gurtis office, Taska held the box close to her side as her handmaid helped her put on her cloak. Then the queen sent everyone out of the room.
Gurtis stood close to her sister, “What shall I do with these strange people? They don’t die easily. I gave them blackest burry wine, and it had no effect. I even added a few green ones, but they didn’t even get sick. What are they?”
“They are the devils own, and when their people find out they are missing they will come for them. I have a plan.” She handed Gurtis a small sack. “Mop the floors and wash the walls with a few sprinkles of this in the water. When you leave, and there will only be ashes left behind. Leave no one. I take it I'll never see you again?”
Gurtis eyes widened, and she smiled, “Yes sister, you have what you wanted and I have what I want, my freedom.” They hug and hold hands for a second… “Oh but sister, what about our brother?”
Taska looked surprised, “He’s still alive? Oh, our dear brother, you should take him with you. Gurtis lost her smile.
In the monastery courtyard, before she left, Taska warned, “When I get home, I'll send my right hand man back to pick you up and make sure you get safely where ever you plan to live. And live well my sister. Remember, you have three days to wash the floors and walls of this place.” She motioned and her carriage rode out the gate.
Gurtis skipped back to her office, locked the door, opened the box of treasure, dug her hands deep and pulled out a cluster of her glimmering reward. Then she hid the box.
• • •
Odyois watched Taska leave, then dashed upstairs to Donna, still standing in the dark. “Dearest Donna, don’t come down yet. Wait here till I come for you. Leave the candle out just in case. Did you hear them?”
Confused Donna answered, “Some of it, who was that?”
“A Sawtee witch from hell.” He grumbled, “You must stay here. I’ll find a safe place for you.”
“What about the rest of my family?” she caught him by the arm.
“I’ll do what I can.” He patted her hand and rushed off.
Odyois hurried down into the dark areas hidden under his office. There were rooms that hadn’t been touched in years. It was filthy dusty with cobwebs and very small windows at ground level. Odyois put his fist on his hips and looked around.
He grabbed a few tongueless servants to aid in turning the room into a true place of beauty. It took all day, but in the end, the sun came in brightly. Odyois sneaked Donna down to her new quarters.
She was surprised after walking in such dark and grubby hallways to find such a bright and lovely living quarters. “Odyois, what a wonderful room, I had no idea what to expect.”
A woman in the room smiled, “This is Nell.” he explained, “She is here to help with your every desire. Food, water whatever you want. It’s best if you stay down here. At least for now.”
Before he could leave, Donna pleaded, “But Odyois what about my family? I assure you we could all stay in this space comfortably.”
“Dearest, I haven’t forgotten. I’ll do what I can, but I can’t make too much of a stir. You see, I don't really have that much power and control. Queen Taska is Gurtis sister. She can bring her sisters wrath upon us if I’m not careful.”
Donna fell back, she flushed and her stomach turned. “Taska of the Sawtee! She’s a queen now? We know each other from before my first son was born. I don’t know how to repay you Odyois. You saved my life. If she gets the chance, she will definitely kill me.”
Odyois gazed into her eyes and it filled his heart like never in his life. He took her hands and place a box from his pocket in them. “Have no fear my sweet. Remember this? The Forever Life Lotus? Keep it close, and nothing can hurt you.”
While Donna examined and admired the gift, Odyois eyes wandered in his thoughts. “I will find your family.” He turned to Nell, “Make sure the windows are closed at night. Someone could see candlelight and get suspicious.”

22.
NOT THIS TIME
Gurtis stood in her office at a large window taking in the morning and dreaming about her future plans. Artius was restfully spread across a comfortable chair.
“Today is my brother’s birthday.” She smirked
Artius had no smile, behind her back, rather he did not consider her brother's birthday a joyous occasion, he narrowed his eyes. She turned from the window and sat at her desk.
“So how is he lately? Is he doing well? What do you think he would like for his birthday?”
Artius threw caution to the wind. “What he really wants is a visit from his sister.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” She spat with anger. But now wasn’t the time to treat Artius rudely as she still had favors to ask of her part time lover. She took a deep breath and lightened a little. “It’s a waxing gibbous moon tonight. Lockdown everything and everyone and let him out, free to romp and roam.”
She put her fist to her chin in thought. “Hum, he shouldn’t be alone. Maybe you can find him a little friend to play with.” She smirked.
Artius was not amused.
“How about that sweet friend of the TowHummy. What was her name? Ah, Chee, I think.”
Artius was sickened at the thought. “You don’t think a night frolicking in the moonlight is enough?”
She bounced up from her desk, “No! You heard me. And I want you to see to it personally. And make sure she’s gagged. I don't want to hear any screaming like last time.”
“That one has no tongue, remember? He argued.
“I want her gagged!” she slammed her fist down on her desk.
Artius knew it was time to leave. He nodded and left.
Gurtis was unnerved, Artius was becoming more rebellious, no longer was he her plaything. He was refusing to grant her wishes and opposing her every demand. What was she to do with him and her brother, she wondered?
• • •
Motto stood in Odyois office blocking the breeze coming through an open window. Odyois sat at his desk with a magnifying glass, looking over scraps of paper. “There’s a waxing moon tonight, and yes, it is Night of the Monster. You’ll need to make sure everyone is safe. Lockdown everything just in case.”
Motto’s fist tightened, “I don’t believe in monsters.”
Odyois stopped working, “Listen Motto, you stay out of trouble. I don't want any problems between you and Gurtis. She’s got the Queen, and not that they care about him, but they would kill us for doing them the favor.” With a sigh he added. “As far as I’m concerned, it is a monster and if you lock everyone away safely, it’ll be just another moonlit night.”
Motto stared at Odyois too long then left. Odyois shook his head hoping the young man would heed his warning.
Later that day Motto went straight to his guards and ordered, “I want you to account for every person and lock this place down completely, including the windows. By nightfall, I don’t want to hear even a bird peep.”
The guard nodded and mumbled something that sounded like… “Night of the Monster.”
Motto looked determined.

23.
NIGHT OF THE MONSTER
Carla and Nina were off the library at the edge of the balcony with a spyglass, hoping to spot their men riding back swiftly to rescue them. Or maybe catch a glimpse of Mother, and Donna hadn’t shown for any meals. It had now reached the point where they stayed out of sight in fear of being next to vanish.
Hiding out on a corner bench, Carla stood on one knee with a spyglass, skirting their surroundings like a ship's captain, while her sister sat lazily leaning.
“Nothing.” Carla blurted. “Here it’s your turn.” handing it to Nina. “You know I never even thought to ask them where they were going.”
Nina stood up and started her watch. “Neither did I.” Moments later, Nina lunged forward getting Carla’s attention.
“What? What do you see?”
“It’s Gurtis man. It looks like he’s got someone, he’s taking them down the road.”
“A man or a woman?”
“A woman, I hate to think it but it looks like Chee. Here, tell me what you think.” Nina looked worried as she handed the spyglass to Carla.
• • •
Indeed, it was Artius, leading Chee to a small building near a chicken coop, made of mud brick, with a high open window. “I’m sorry, but you must stay here tonight. Stay inside in a dark corner. Make no noise and stay away from the window. I will be back for you in the morning.” The woman grabbed his arm as he left. “Don’t worry, I know it’s the monster’s night.” He pointed to a long board. “When I leave, bar the door and you should be safe.” He smiled, left, and she shut and barred the door. It seemed safe enough.
• • •
Carla took a look, “I would almost swear that that's her. She had a blue scarf. It’s tied around her waist. He’s taking her into a small coop.”
“I wonder why? Wouldn't you know as soon as we had plans to snap her up, he’s got her.” Nina stood closer, antsy to have a look.
“He’s coming out now… alone.” Carla handed her the spyglass.
She anxiously took it. “Where? Oh, okay I see him. So what are we going to do?”
Carla stood silent, then took a deep sigh, “Tonight when all is quiet, we’ll set her free. We’ll hide her in our room. I doubt if anyone will come looking there especially sense Gurtis already told you Chee wasn't here.”
Nina nodded to the plan.
• • •
Chee sat in a corner in the dark. The wind had kicked up, briskly howling. The woman sat still listening for any sounds outside of the norm. The sun had long gone down and Chee nodded off to sleep. Suddenly she was awakened by the sound of whimpering, was some poor soul outside with the monster? Feeling safe behind the barred door, she went to the window to take a peek. In her life, she had never seen anything like him and she screamed. He wobbled over to the open window which seemed too small and too high for him to climb in, but he tried, relentlessly. Once his eyes adjusted, he could see his trembling prize.
His mother and father worked the fields under the rule of the old monastery. The family of five, (Gurtis and her sisters Taska and Marlus) were females who licked the sap from the tree and would be in great demand when they grew up. Soon their family would have another, perhaps a boy the father prayed.
One day in the orchard, the mother fell and was in much pain. For the rest of her pregnancy, she was bedridden and given many herbs to quell her pain. On the night her son was born, she wailed horribly and there were no smiles on his delivery. Surely the deformity could not survive the night but it did. Such could not be said for its mother who made the monastery monks and nuns swear not to kill her child. They agreed as the natural cores of life would not allow such things to live very long anyway, but he did.
Without his wife, the father simply walked away and was never heard from again. The child had no mental faculties and grew into a massive pugnacious monster. At times coherent, it seemed the misplaced eyes recognized you, maybe. But as some had tried and died in their efforts of sympathy, compassion, and kindness for the poor thing, his sisters, other than keeping him a secret, had long lost interest in the murderer.
But tonight, was his birthday and Gurtis needed him to do her a favor, that which he does best, murder.
Chee’s heart pounded; hot tears ran like a river down her swollen face. With no tongue, her cries sounded similar to his own, making him even more determined as he doggedly tried to reach her, and when half his body had squeezed through the opening and a long three fingered hand reached out, Chee could take no more. Believing him trapped tight in the window, she opened the barred door and ran for her life.
• • •
Later that night Carla and Nina found the monastery unusually still. Not one person was seen, not even a guard. Their footsteps seemed louder than ever. The door was chain locked and even Nina’s ring of keys had nothing like it, so they took a low window. Outside, the wind blew recklessly. It threw the skirts of their dresses over their heads and their hair was blown loose. The air was crisp and the night sky was clear, making the waxing moon brighter.
They took the large center rode, the one where Carla spotted the chicken coop. As they walked along in the sharp moonlight, the wind trashed trees and blew bushes and tall grasses left and right. Only the bungalows were still. The wind howled and bounced and raddled tools making them almost chime.
Once on the road, they discovered the coop was really quite some ways off. So they took this time to discuss their plans for keeping Chee hidden. And that soon they would have to decide whether to run away or hide in the attic. Perhaps they could start storing food up there. And what about Mother and Donna? They hadn’t searched everywhere; the place was huge. They were just now seeing these bungalows out in the fields. The challenge was daunting.
Closer to the chicken coop was the orchard. It was so dark they lost their chat. On both sides, the darkness closed in. Then a whimpering sound put some skip in their step, as it had to be the poor thing, Chee. Out from the darkness of the orchard were drag marks, and they followed them. The moon bounced off the buildings like sunlight. They approached a small window and peered inside, but saw nothing.
• • •
They could still hear the whimpering. Around to the front, Carla held the door open to the moon and found the place empty.
Cautiously the girls followed the drag marks and whimpering to someone lying in the road. It had to be Chee, whimpering from pain and fear. But her body was motionless and her eyes stared at nothing. Nina fell to her knees, frantically crying hugging and trying to get some kind of life to return to Chee’s body. Carla stepped out of the shadow she was casting across them. Nina stroked the girl’s head and bloody face, sobbing loudly. She had seen that look in the open eyes before and while she had lost all sense of awareness, her sister had not.
When Carla could stand still no longer, she pulled her sister away, “Nina, she’s dead.” Grabbing her distraught sister by the shoulders she managed to lock eyes with her. “Nina, we have to go. Whoever did this is still out here.”
Angry, Nina lashed back, “Well we can't just leave her here.”
Carla’s nose flared, but she calmed her voice. “I’m sorry my sister, but look at her. She's mangled and with bites all over. It must be some kind of animal. We need to move and quickly.”
The whimpering sounds picked up again from somewhere nearby. Nina stopped crying, and both sisters hushed and stood still to listen clearly. The wind was blowing everything out of its place and casting shadows on the run, they couldn’t tell where it was coming from. Then, there they nailed it, coming around the side of the building. With their eyes pinned in the direction of the cries, they started backing away as a formless shadow first appeared. It stopped for a moment, then jumped out.
There were no words for what they saw. A sweaty naked huge extremely deformed monster. At first glance, they saw eyes in the wrong place, long spats of hair and large bulges about the face and head. The legs were long with big feet. It had no neck and an extra something, maybe an arm. Two holes for a nose and a large mouth. For a moment time stood still as their minds grappled with the site.
Time moved, and they ran screaming and so did he, right after them. He was frightfully fast. Carla took off but Nina stumbled over Chee and It stepped on the hem of her dress. Nina mustered all her might to pull it from under its foot. Carla realized she had left Nina behind hearing her scream like never before. Nina’s hem had ripped away from the dress but was still attached to her dress holding her like a leash as the monster reached.
Carla frantically looked for something to hit it with and found a half sack of chicken feed and whacked it in the face. It was enough to make it drop the dress, and Nina took off. He reached out for Carla as she was that close but the seed was in his eyes and stuck to his sweaty skin. Carla caught up with her sister who was so frightened she screamed hysterically as she approached from behind.
They pulled and pleaded banging on every locked door at every glowing moonlit bungalow in sight, but all were too afraid to open. They looked at the monastery and it was still far off. With the thing nowhere in sight, they felt a little safer. Exhausted, they stopped to gather their wits and catch their breath for a moment.
Still spooked and frenzied Nina bent over coughing, whining and crying. “What! What, was that? It wasn't human. I've never seen anything like that! And, and that smell?”
With arched brows, Carla had no answers, “Come we must hurry, look how far we have to go.” Walking quickly back to the monastery, with their eyes wide in the dark, the moon and wind cast a monster in every corner. Then to their stark raving terror, the pathetic whimpering started again. They stopped, the wind made it hard to tell where it was coming from. Looking behind they started to tremble when they realized the cries weren’t coming from that direction.
Nina saw a shadow at her side and ran. Carla never saw the shadow, she just ran. They scattered, screaming even louder than before. The monster took after Nina. He’s fast, so she ran into the orchard hoping she can dodge and hide in the darkness of the trees. She muffled her sobs long enough to know he is near and sees the hem of her dress has been dragging behind her all this time. She feverishly tried to rip it from her dress, but she wasn’t fast enough. She took notice of the smell, she turned, pulled back in a short tug of war but the muscle bound monster jerked her in, knocking her down and pounced on top of her. She scratched, pushed kicked and screamed. He pulled and ripped at her dress then started licking the tears from her face with his slimy, sticky, larger than human tongue, that smelled like rotten meat. Her eyes shut as she held her mouth closed and turned her face away. It was then that she realized that he wasn’t whimpering, it was some kind of sick sounding laughter.
Just as the extra arm which had a tiny hand, reached over his shoulder to stroke her hair, a large rock hit him in the head. He rolled off Nina on to his back with his long tongue lapping out of his mouth. He made a gurgling sound, then released an enormous rectal tremor from his anus.
They stood spellbound for a second as their horrified minds ran farther than they could ever catch up. As if they could fly, the frightened rabbits ran all the way to the monastery and up and into their room, locking the door behind them. There would be no sleep for them that night.

24.
THERE WILL BE HELL TO PAY
No amount of washing or scented oils could remove the smell of last night from the minds of Carla and Nina. They would have burned their clothes if they had had a fireplace.
Gurtis hastily made her way out into the fields. There she joined a small crowd of men standing around the monster who had a dagger in his chest.
Artius had a grimace, “We found him like this.”
Gurtis covered her mouth with her garment and kneeled next to the body. She sobbed, uncovered her face to speak as flies buzzed around his snarly mug. “Oh, my dear brother… What did they do to you? You poor thing. I only wanted you to enjoy one night in the moonlight. Just one night! Why couldn't they at least give you that?”
Two men carrying the body of Chee passed by. She stopped her act, embarrassed at what her brother had done. She pulled the knife out of his chest and started yelling with rage. “Who did this? I want to know who killed him!”
Artius spoke up, with little emotion and some suspicion that she was the killer. “I have no suspects as yet. This place was locked tight last night. Perhaps it was a stranger.”
“A stranger?” Gurtis questioned, “Out last night, under the moon, in monster valley on Night of the Monster? Not likely!”
In disgust, Artius dropped his head, staring at the beast. “At least he is out of his misery. He is at peace with his horrific life. No more suffering.”
Gurtis, still grappling with her own guilt, knowing she was responsible for the death of the young mangled body they had just removed. “Are you trying to say I gave him a miserable life? That I didn't care?”
Artius had had enough and planned to leave as soon as the body was disposed of. He had by now made up his mind that Gurtis herself had killed her brother. It was in his gaze. “With all due respect madam how would you know. This is the first time you have seen him in what? How many years?”
Gurtis rose up and Artius never took his heavy accusing eyes off her. She approached him with the knife still in her hand and squared him in the face. “I gave him to you to protect, and you failed him. Now you can try again in death.”
In her guilt, she stabbed him in the chest. His eyes widened in shock as he never saw it coming. He looked down at the knife deep in his chest and fell to the ground.
Everyone stepped back stunned as fear fill the air. She never turned around. “Clean this mess up. There shall be no speaking or mumbling of this in any way. Is that understood?” They grunted and shook their heads. She dropped the knife and stormed off down the field road, then stopped, and took a few steps back and stared at something.
Nina and Carla had made their way to their usual spot on the balcony. They paced back and forth. Nina’s face was red from crying all night. “I can’t stop shaking. I can, I can still smell it. We should tell someone about Chee.”
Carla looked off out into the fields and without the spyglass, she could see nothing. “I suspect they already know, but not about our story. Who can we trust to tell? Where did he come from and why was Chee left out there for It? And no one would open a door to help us. I want to know more. Just wipe your face and at breakfast, we’ll pretend we heard some screaming and wondered what it was.”
Nina rubbed her forehead in protest, “How can I eat after that? I can’t stand still. I can’t sit still. Right now, I feel like running all the way home without stopping.”
As they express their fears, the woman on her way from the stables, stopped to eavesdrop on the princesses’ rant. She tightened her grip on the whip she carried. Focused, she made her way up the stairs, down the hall, into the library and out onto the balcony.
So caught up in their own woe, Carla cried, “We were lucky. I’ll never forget what I saw. I feel sick. Oh, good heavens, where are our men?”
Nina added, “And my poor Chee.”
At that moment a whip cracked across Nina’s back. Both girls screamed to the top of their voices. Gurtis swung the whip at Carla who jumped and was missed. The shock was electrifying, it felt as if every hair on Nina’s body had popped out. The sisters scattered, though Carla had been handled roughly in her past, neither had ever been beaten.
Gurtis roared in a low growl, “You little witches. You killed my brother!” Her face was twisted like something from hell as she threw a dirty, torn piece of light blue taffeta before them.
Nina narrowed her eyes and darkened. Her lips tight, her voice low as she teetered on the edge of derangement. “How dare you strike me.”
The look cautioned Gurtis and reminded her of how little she knew about these strange people.
Carla frowned, “That was your brother? I killed him?”
Nina’s fear had simmered down to anger. Her voice and body quaked “I will have your head for this. You are a dead bitch!”
Gurtis stepped back, wrapping the whip in her hand. She called the guards from behind her and they stood ready. “Ha! You? Have my head. I’m not sure who you were before but today you become my slaves. You will be put in the fields to work, and when I feel you have suffered enough, I will release you to a slow death.”
Carla noticed the tear from the whip on Nina’s dress, “Oh no, she hit you!”
Gurtis turned to the guard and pointed at the two sisters who stood side by side and gave her a glare that caused her voice to quiver until three more of her guards appeared. “I want them stripped. I want their wagons and all their belonging sold in the market place, today. They will no longer need their precious oils and creams and satiny clothing.”
She turned to the wrathful sisters, “No brushing your hair and your special clear water. Yes, you came here to learn. You will learn humility, pain, suffering, cruelty and then death. I want them to sleep on the floor and their clothing made of course sackcloth. They sleep shackled to the wall.”
Then feeling protected she shouted her banter loudly. “Oh, and I hope you’re not waiting for your men to come and save you. I am so pleased to inform you… they are dead!”
As the guards gently took hold of the ladies, Gurtis proceeded to leave. But not fast enough to miss Nina’s rant. “Our men are not dead. You are right, you don’t know us. You underestimate us. You don’t know who we are. We are the ones who will have your head on a stake as a warning to any other Sawtee pig that dares to touch a TowHummy.”
Out of sight, Gurtis stopped to catch her breath. She had to admit they were intimidating strange people. Never mind, she thought, I will be gone soon.

25.
PUNISHMENT
Odyois entered his office and found Motto in his usual spot by the window. He greeted him with a deep sigh as he closed the door. “So I hear the monster is dead.”
With his nose still at the window, Motto answered, “So I understand.”
Staring at Motto’s back, Odyois added, “But not before killing someone.”
Motto explained, “She was murdered, a birthday gift.” Finally turning around, “I was told, she was last seen with Artius.”
There was a knock at the door. A young man rushed in and mumbled something disturbing to Motto. “Problems Odyois asked?”
The young man ran out with Motto at his heels, “Gurtis just murdered Artius and she’s holding the Princesses responsible for killing the monster.”
Odyois looked over his spectacles. “Motto?”
“I know, I’ll fix it” and he rushed out.
“Then report back to me.” Odyois stared at the door, surprised at Motto’s reaction. Was it the ladies or was he responsible for killing the monster? He wondered.
That night, Nina and Carla were shackled to the wall as ordered. The bungalow had eight others who were fortunate enough to have a cot of their own. The room had only two candles, so it was dim. The ground where they were to sleep that night was cold stone. But they were grateful just for a moment of rest. They had been stripped and given clothing made of a coarse sackcloth, then put to work in the fields all day. Tired, barefoot and dirty, they barely had the energy to complain.
Nina whimpered, “Oh, my body hurts so badly. How could this be? We have been abandoned here in hell. We may be dead by the time our men get back… if they…
“Of course, they’re coming back, or what do we have to live for?” Carla picked the dirt from her fingernails. “At least we’re together.”
They laid down, tussling around trying to get comfortable, when they notice shadows approaching. As the figures came closer, you could see one had a pillow.
Alarmed, Nina cried, “What now. I’m not sure I can take any more. If they’re going to smother me… I really don’t care.”
The sisters crouched down cowering from the group. One woman came closer carrying a blanket. She mumbled, “We wanted to thank you for killing the monster. We don’t have much but we want you to have what we can give.” Hugs and tears were passed as the princesses excepted three blankets and two pillows. They fell asleep quickly.
Deep in the dark of night, the sisters were awakened by an old monk who whispered, “Shh, I was told to set you free to hide.” He unshackled them. “Go carefully and quietly.” The monk disappeared, and the ladies grabbed their bedding and tiptoed out.
Nina caught her sister’s eye, “Hey we’re not alone, someone cares about us. We have blankets and we’ve been set free.”
Carla suggested, “Let’s go back to our attic spot. No one found us there. Besides, we’ll be able to spy and maybe find Mother and Donna. We’ll come out at night like rats, steal food and whatever else we can get our hands on.” Nina agreed.
Sneaking around barefoot and that late at night, the two made their way to the familiar attic where they laid out their bedding and rested their heads.
Carla stared at the ceiling just making out the support beams in the dark. “I’m so tired but I feel safe and grateful to be alive.”
Nina laid on her side just barely making out her sister’s nose in the dark. “Yes, how wonderful to lie here hidden away safe as a mouse. Who do you think set us free? Your Motto?”
“I don’t know” Carla wondered.
“I’ve seen how you look at each other… I’m watching you!” Nina implied.
“I don’t need you to watch me!” Carla snapped back in a loud whisper and turned her back to her sister.
“Hump!” Nina replied and Carla returned the hump.
As the sun came up the girls awakened to comfortable monk robes, food, water and more, along with two red roses.
Surprised, Nina whispered, “Someone knows our hiding place.”
Carla replied, “Thank God.”

26.
ABINNAR, OF MANY TANGS
Years of drinking the healing waters of Exiland had bestowed blessings the TowHummy had long lost notice. Besides seeming to be ageless, the body performed to its optimum capacity. Clear eyes, healthy heads of hair and teeth, youthful skin and firm muscles even in the elderly. When everyone around you is healthy, one takes little notice. This journey was a stark reminder.
• • •
Dusty and smudged, the men checked their horses and blended in well, while they waited in a long line to get past the gates of the city. “Keep your eyes peeled,” Von instructed, “we stick together. No one wanders off. I have a few stories about those that have in the past.” Rory gave his father a sickly frown. A hefty guard asked, “Why have you come to Abinnar?”
And like most in the line, Von answered, “For the Games.”
The place was teeming with people of all types. Stepping into the city yard the four stood in awe for a moment. Like a massive river, they slowly advanced into the colossal opening of the building. The noise was deafening. Jammed against strangers that wouldn’t hesitate to kill you if they knew who you were, was frighteningly exciting. It was overwhelming for Rory and unknown to his father, he had a tight hold of Von’s cloak.
A little farther and they were in the market place were things opened up a bit. It was hard to imagine there was anything you couldn’t find in that place. Their eyes took it all in. Food, music, dancing ladies and entertainment, streets of shops, someone was selling something in every corner.
Blair marveled, “Look at this, I could find a nice spot to sit and watch the parade for the rest of the day. There’s just nothing like it.”
As if he just remembered something, Von grabbed Rory by the collar and held him close to his face. Rory’s eyes widened and his mouth fell open. Von showed all his teeth and in a low snarly voice he growled, “Stay close, that means no wandering off. I mean it! I didn't just make those stories up. I don't want to add the sad tale of Prince Rory!
The men sank deep into the market place. It was a combination of the ghastly, repulsive and disgusting and at the same time, the most rare and beautiful, in people and things.
In one shop Gabe found a large jar of Cryistlime powder. Alarmed, he whispered to the others, “Look what’s for sale.” Having done their best to exterminate the killer from their lands, the men shook their head and frowned with revulsion.
Von asked the storekeeper, “How much for the green stuff and where did you get it?”
The storekeeper was a big bald guy with gold earrings and a jolly smile, giving the impression that business had been good. “It’s expensive. A stranger brought it in here. He claimed it’s the best aphrodisiac in Abinnar. And I’m the only one who has it. How much would you like?”
“The whole thing.” Von snarled.
“Got a problem with the ladies do ya?” the storekeeper whispered and giggled, “Looking at you I wouldn't have figured it. Most of my customers are kinda… Well I’ve never tried it…
“Obviously.” Von interrupted, he dipped a brow and raised his voice.
“How much?”
“Well thank you.” The storekeeper blinked his eyes not getting the hint intended, “For you the price just 12 gold pieces.”
“What! That’s robbery.” Von cried.
“I assure you it works. Not one customer has returned with a complaint.”
Von reared back and looked the man up and down. “I’ll just bet they haven't!” He pulled five small gold beads from a pouch and laid them on the counter. “And no more.”
The storekeeper smiled and cried, “Deal, enjoy.”
The three men along with the storekeeper watched as Von poured lamp oil into the jar and lit it with a piece of straw. It went up in flames and turned black. Von put the lid on the burned out mess and tossed the jar into the fireplace.
The confused storekeeper bid Blair, “But I don’t understand.”
Blair answered, “If you see any ladies with a husband that just can’t make them happy. Just send them to him.”
“Oh, now I understand. I didn't think he looked like the type that had that problem.” He watched them leave the shop and shook his head, still confused.
Closer to the arena, the vast crowd slowed, the noise was crushing, the smell was overpowering. It was hot, and the air was thin but the excitement was tremendous. Finer things were sold in here. Furniture, Jewels, items of gold and silver, rugs and fine clothing. There were taverns where half dressed beautiful ladies smiled danced and blew kisses.
Rory’s eyes couldn’t get any bigger. He was so busy sightseeing, he started to lag behind. They were moving too fast, missing everything. He caught sight of the hugest emerald he had ever seen. Around the corner, he saw a grotesque man with a big pot cooking. An onion popped up to the top, as deep thick gravy simmered, then what looked like a human finger surfaced. He looked up at the cook who gave him a nasty smile. Rory’s hair stood on end as he weaved through the crowd panicked to find his father until finally ramming into him. bumped, Von turned to his son in question but asked nothing. He turned away and chuckled to himself. He knew that look as he had worn the same, many, many years ago.
Then the strangest thing happened, the heart gripping sound of someone calling Blair. It was a woman’s’ voice crying, “Blair, Blair is that you?” Blair hesitated then was approached by an older woman with a young man by her side. They stop surprised to see someone recognized him in Outland.
Blair blinked his wide eyes, “Madam?”
The woman stepped closer, and he took a step back. “Oh, I can hardly believe it. Look at you. Blair, it’s me, Marta. Blair, we are the same age, but you look so…”
She examined him.
“Marta, of course, I recognize you. How could I forget those beautiful eyes?” He pulled her in for a hug but found her resistant, as she was preoccupied with his youthful appearance.
Her widened eyes studied him, “Blair you look twenty years younger than I do. How is that possible? You’re older.”
Trying to change the subject, Blair asked, “Marta, how’s your family? Your father, your mother?”
“Oh Blair, they’re long gone. This is my youngest son Jake.” She placed her hand on the young man’s shoulder. She looked at the other three men and noticed they wore a tad of Towten Blue here and there, and though the faces were smudged, the black covered spot on the cheek of all three made her suspicious. She leaned in on Blair and whispered. “Are you in trouble? Those are high Towten if I’m not mistaken. Do you need help?”
“No dearest,” Blair laughed. Feeling a bit exposed standing in the center of a sea of moving people and noting the discomfort on the faces of his traveling partners, he suggested, “Perhaps we should find a better place to chat.” He took her by the hand and led her around a corner where it was not so loud.
Blair took her by the shoulders. “Darling Marta there is no more Hum or Tow wars. We are one people for many years now. I must introduce Prince Gabe, Prince Von and his son Rory.” Marta’s mouth fell open as she made a quick study of the Towten faces and nodded.
Her eyes back on Blair, “Please, will you have supper with me?”
Blair got an agreeable gaze from the others. “We would be pleased.”
They followed her down a few city streets to a small but clean looking cottage. She politely seated everyone and sat close to Blair. She put her hands on his face. “Blair we are the same age but you look so young. How is this possible?”
Blair smiled, pulled her hands from his face and tried to change the subject. “Marta, what were you doing in a place like that?”
She pulled her eyes off of him and explained. “My husband is imprisoned there. It’s a long story.”
He replied with concern, “We have a little time.”
“Perhaps with a little water and some fruit?” Von extended.
Marta suddenly lit up, “Oh I'm so sorry.”
Von reached out, “No madam, we will provide.” Von and Rory pulled out a few apples and poured the water. It was quite cool and relaxing, far from the turmoil of the games.
Settled, Blair asked, “Marta, what happened?”
She took a deep sigh, “You know my father was exiled. We came to Outland with the merchants. What no one knew was he brought a lot of the stolen gems with us. He used it to purchase some of the most beautiful land and built a beautiful Place. Life was better than ever.”
She looked at her son. “You know how lucky he was. Well, where a stream ran down the mountain and into the rocks, he found gold. We dug mines and the gold just kept coming. He built a fortress around us, and we were rich.”
She paused as the others baited. “Of course we paid tribute to the Sawtee to keep them at bay.” She frowned, “Then, the mines started to flood one after the other. It was too dangerous, no more mining, people were dying. No matter, we had plenty. Then… a failing year came and took my father. A year later my mother. I married a wealthy merchant, and years passed, we could no longer pay the Sawtee in Gold. But they still demand it.”
She got up and stood behind her chair where she proudly addresses them all. “We’ve been able to keep the dogs at bay but we let our guard down. We boldly went down into the valley to celebrate Blessings in Bloom.” She dropped her head almost in tears, but quickly remembered who she was and continued without emotion. “We were ambushed. They came from everywhere and whoever they didn't kill, they tried to make work in our mines.”
Blair tried to end the story, “And if they didn't, they imprisoned them.”
“No!” Marta spoke up anxiously, “They are to be hanged, and my husband and other two sons will die whether they work or not.”
The death sentence was disturbing. “They let me bring food.” She continued, “That’s the only chance I have to see them.”
“How long do they have and where are they kept?” Von asked.
Clearly stressed, Jake answered, “In the city. They die in three days. We’ve gathered a small army of men to make a rescue attempt.”
“How many men do you have?” Blair asked seriously, “Are they warriors… or field hands?”
Jake lost his light, “Just twelve field workers.” His mother gave him a soft smile.
Von, Gabe, and Blair relaxed their brows and sat back from the table, glancing back at one another. Then Blair asked endearingly, “Marta sweet one, can you excuse us for a moment.” She nodded and as the men move to the patio to whisper, she examined a piece of fruit.
Gabe scratched his head, “Ahh, I thought we came here to see some sport, not be the sport.”
“Well I can’t just leave her here like this,” Blair explained.
“Man, look at the way she looks at us? She hates us.” Gabe replied.
“Yeah, I’m not so sure she trusts us anyway.” Von agreed, “Besides, what can we do with a hand full of farmers in a Sawtee stronghold?”
Blair relented with a sigh, “That’s true. Maybe she can come back with me. At least she and the boy will be safe. She should be welcomed back as it wasn’t her doing but her father. He…”
Blair’s story was cut short when the sound of Jake yelling got their attention. “Mother! They’ve poisoned you!” As the men return, Jake pulled a dagger. “You filthy pigs, liars, murderers!”
Marta and the men were stunned. Blair easily wrestles the knife away from Jake. Then there’s an unexplained burst of laughter. Marta’s face was covered with spots.
“Not to worry Marta. It’s the fruit.” Blair assured, “It has a strange effect at first. It’ll wear off in a day or so.” Still angry, Jake pulled himself from Blair’s grip. “Come on lad, you saw us eat, and drink the same. Marta, I assure you there is no illness involved, despite what it may look like.”
Marta’s eyes darted around the room as if looking for something in the thin air. Jake returned and handed his mother a mirror. She gasps at the sight of herself, “Well… I feel fine. You say it’s just for a day or so?”
Suddenly Von stopped laughing and lit up with excitement. “Wait! Wait, I’ve got it, I have an idea. Marta, how many men did you say were imprisoned?”
“Maybe twenty. Why do you think you may want to help? I know It’s a lot to ask of a Towten. But if you really have changed and you’re willing to help us.”
She looked confused, “but how? You have no fighting men. We’ll be outnumbered badly. This is why we didn't try before.”
Von pulled his chin whiskers and smirked, “We don't need more men. And if I know my Sawtee like I think I do, they won’t bother you anymore.”
Staring at Marta, Blair admitted, “Oh, now I see.” The two men roared out loud laughing as the rest in the room looked baffled.

27.
SPOTS
Marta and her son Jake went to the prison wall where she would bring food and pass it through the bars to her husband every day. Jake yelled into the dungeon crowd. “Father! Father, we have a plan to get you out of there.”
When his father arrived, he was brokenhearted at the sight of his mother. “Oh my god Marta, you have the plague.”
To his confusion, Jake snickered heartily, “This is gonna work.”
“Listen carefully my husband. All of you must take a bite of this fruit. You will look like me but you will not be sick, but you must act sick as soon as the spots start to show.” She giggled and handed him four pieces of fruit through the bars. “You need but one bite. We’ll be waiting for you just outside the city gates.”
One small kiss, their eyes locked.
Then, as usual, a guard showed up to harass them. “Hay! What are you doing and what do you have there?”
Jake spoke up, “It’s just me and my mother, we have some fruit for my father.”
The guard put his hand out. Marta reached in the sack for the last piece but when she did, her scarf fell away from her face and head, exposing her spotted affliction.
The guard frowned and pulled away. “What the hell’s wrong with her?”
“Oh,” Jake replied, “my mother hasn't been feeling well lately.”
The guard leaned in for a good look, covered his face, and backed off quickly, yelling, “Get the hell out of here and don’t come back.” The guard was unnerved and uneasy as he watched Jake help his mother move along as if she were quite ill.
In the meantime, Blair rode up to the city gate with a farmhand laying across his horse, spotted and ailing.
“Where do you think you’re going?” the guard yelled.
“This man is ill,” Blair replied. “He needs a physician, quickly.”
“Ailing from what?” the guard tried to take a peek.
It was a move too soon, “Hey he may be dying, I’m in a hurry.” Blair blasted and handed him a coin. “Now where’s the nearest physician?”
The guard eyed the coin and pointed, “Down that road, the building with the blue dome.”
But Blair didn’t go in that direction, instead, he went all around town asking others for directions to a physician, while the spotted man wailed loudly drawing lots of attention. Some recognized the farmer and knew where he came from. He started to stir up lots of commotion all around the city.
He made sure to pass the prison where a guard asked while keeping his distance. “What’s wrong with him?”
Blair answered seriously, “He’s sick he needs a physician. I found him crawling away from that old mining area. I think he’s dying. Can you help me?” He made sure to expose a few fake spots of his own.
At that, the guard yelled angrily, “I’ll help you to get the hell out of here. Get out of here.” He pulled and cracked his whip just missing Blair’s horse. Moments later Blair and the farmer came flying out the city gate after being pelted with rocks and rotten fruit.
Not long after, Marta’s husband and the others were set free and run out of town. Out of sight they were laughing and cheering with hugs and kisses all around. “There wasn't a soul in sight. The streets were empty. The whole town was as quiet as a mouse.” Her husband cried.
“My dearest, we have these men to thank.” Great gratitude covered all their faces, and they asked them to stay as honored guest at the homecoming feast. The four princes returned a smile and bid them farewell as they did have a tight schedule and the games.
Blair’s goodbye stare was a tad too long.

28.
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
The four princes hit the city gates again, hoping to see the games. Blair cleaned himself up but the guard at the gate recognized him and yelled plague. Rocks start to fly, and they had to flee.
Later as they set up camp, Blair expressed his regret. “I’m sorry, I just didn't think he would remember me. I especially apologize to you Rory. This being your first time. I didn't want to rob you of things you’ve never seen before.”
“Oh, no worries,” Rory replied, “and believe me, I saw lots of things I hope I never see again.” This drew great laughter.
“Well men,” Gabe questioned, “what are we to do with all the extra time we have?”
“A little hunting?” Von suggested, “Or maybe we could backtrack and hunt in the new territory.”
“Good idea.” Blair burst, “You really have to see it. It’s almost like the Losmen. Do you remember how to navigate? I haven't in years.”
“Ha,” Von chortled, “now that sounds like some real fun, us lost in the quagmire of the new territory.”
“What’s navigate?” Rory asked.
Von smiled, “You’ll learn son, you’ll learn.”
“Well, we should consider,” Gabe noted, “we don't have much water left basically just what we’re carrying on ourselves. We may want to make a stop at the monastery and pull a bag.”
Gabe broke up some twigs and added them to the fire. “I wonder how our ladies are doing with their vows. I expect to see the headmaster, what’s his name Otes Ote something?”
“Odyois.” Von popped.
“Yes, that’s it. He should be swearing by the time that two weeks is up.”
“Now tell me honestly,” Blair added, “do you think they could really change? What did mother say… more refine, quiet, and eloquent? No more catty nitpicking and whining, no more witchy giggling and rude snickering.” They laughed heartily as Rory watched without a clue.
“Truly,” Von added, “I think you could take Donna’s head and that still wouldn't shut her up.” As they tried to catch their breath, he went on. “Besides how could they change that much. Look at the person who said it and how long was she there?”
That tone set the night, and they laughed and told stories until the fire went down.
• • •
The next morning, they pulled themselves together with some dried meat, boiled eggs, and biscuits, from a care package Marda had given them before they left. It was going to be a beautiful day; the sky was so clear it seemed you could see forever. Von stood up and stretched, watching a wagon pass on the nearby road. As his mood quickly changed it captured the attention of the other two men. Gabe jumped to his feet to see what Von was looking at and Blair joined in.
“Is that…?” Gabe asked.
“Yes.” Von answered disturbed.
“What are the chances that there is another…?” Blair wondered out loud.
Von answered, “None!” on the run.
The men dashed to their horses to chase the wagon down.
Rory, who was still lazily lying back, was suddenly alarmed seeing them hit the horses and taking off. He cried out “Father?”
Von yelled in passing, “Stay there.”
Down the road they raced to catch the wagon that by this time was some distance away. It was unusual to see someone dashing down the road, so when the driver of the wagon herd the horses galloping, he slowed and took a peek. Three men coming up on him quickly frightened him and he beat his horses to run faster. The race was on but the wagon was no match for the horses and when the road took a curve, the driver lost control and tumbled down a short embankment and hit a tree. The wagon busted against it, setting its horse free and its cargo flying, barrels of dark water crashed into each other and onto the ground. All was lost.
Before the driver could climb out, Von was upon him. “Filthy robbing no good thieves.” the old man griped as Von identified the wagon for sure to belong to his mother. “Well, you won’t get it either.” He pointed to the foiled cargo draining from the barrels down the hillside.
Von asked critically, “Where did you get that wagon?”
Rubbing his bumped head, the man answered, “Why? I don't suppose you want to buy one just like it. That’s why you ran me off the road!”
Sounding grave and threating, Von replied, “The wagon belongs to me. And I never put it up for sale.”
About this time, he realized the three men looking over the wreckage weren’t quite what he expected and changed his tone. “What? Well, I didn't steal it. One of the monks sold it and the clear water to me in town a few days ago. Believe me, I’m no thief. I gave him twenty-two pieces of silver. Mind you it had no horses.” He sat on the ground still rubbing the knot on his head, “Now look, all is lost.” He whined.
In a very dry tone, Von pushed, “You say a monk sold it to you. What else was he selling?”
“Another wagon full of fine ladies clothing and jewelry, lace pillows, even blankets.” He looked up at the three grave faces and whimpered. “You think you could give me a hand?” His horse nibbled in the bush.
They ignored him and dashed back up the hillside and back down the road. When they passed their campsite, Rory had packed up everything and joined the race back to the monastery.

29.
I WAS ONCE BEAUTIFUL LIKE YOU
Motto found Odyois in a small round map room. Large map books were laid out and some large maps hung on the wall. Odyois had a magnifying glass, busy reading and copying something from one such book.
Motto shut the door, “Gurtis is planning to leave. She is packing and had a few trunks carried downstairs.”
Without looking up Odyois answered, “Good! That witch should have been gone a long time ago, her and that bat of a sister. Don’t you think you can run this place a lot better than she ever has?”
Motto was surprised, his eyes wandered for a moment. “Are you planning on leaving?”
Odyois stood up and turned to a map on the wall, then looked at Motto. He ran his fingers over a large area on the map. “All this belongs to me.”
Motto took a few steps forward, and his mouth fell ajar as he looked at the map then back at Odyois. “But as I understand, these lands belong to Lord Theon, who is still traveling the world. Did you purchase land from him? It is said to be some of the best in the entire region including this monastery.”
Odyois placed his hand on Motto’s shoulder and locked eyes. “Motto. I am Lord Theon.”
Motto was speechless, his eye’s darted, and his face turned red. Odyois sat back down and continued his work. After a few moments Motto leaned over the desk, “I believe you because you have no reason to lie. But help me understand why you stay here.”
Odyois stopped writing and with a deep sigh and faraway look, he answered, “I was once young and strong and beautiful like you.” He looked him over and clasp his hands together, then glanced at the map. He opened his mouth to say something but couldn’t. Then turned away. “It’s a lot, but it’s worthless if you can’t share it.”
Motto shook his head, confused, “But Lord Theon could have as many women as he wanted. How could that stop you?”
Odyois tilted his head and gave Motto a smirk, “Yes, he could, have five or ten, all just like Gurtis.”
They laughed heartily, and Odyois added on a sincere note, “I know I've said this before but I can’t seem to say it enough. You’re like the son I never had and you know it.”
“Are you planning on leaving?” Motto asked with a frown.
“Well,” Odyois pulled his cap off and scratched his balding head. “I think this Donna is a second chance for me. Something I can’t explain. My cold heart is warmed when I look in her eyes. I thought I was dead but when I heard her laugh… I found I’m still alive.”
Motto took a step back, “Oh, but she belongs to someone else.” He shook his head again. “The way the man looks at her… you’re going to have to kill him.”
“I don't have to.” Odyois chuckled, “The witches already did it. I found out the other night. I've hidden the woman away. Gurtis wants to kill her too. Orders from her sister the devil.”
“Yes, she wants me to kill the rest of them. She thinks they’re in the fields suffering. She asked me to bring her the right eye of each,” He grimaced, “I let them go free to hide until their men come back. Now I'll have to tell them they are not.”
Then he asked quizzically, “Odyois, who are they? They’re different. Do you think they’ll want to stay? I had my eye on the dark headed one and now that her man will not be returning, thanks to Gurtis, I think I'll look a little closer.”
Odyois put his fist to his chin, “Once Gurtis leaves, I think the sun will shine on this place like the elders had intended.”
Motto paced the floor and ran his hands through his thick hair, as possibilities ran through his mind. “How will I handle the Sawtee?”
“Gurtis is gone with her gold, the vile queen has the cursed pendant and ring. She will no doubt kill herself. The Sawtee will get their harvest as usual. I’m convinced love and kindness can produce twice the harvest we do now.”
Both men smiled and Motto wiped his brow smooth as he headed toward the door but stopped, “What! What is it she holds over you? I used to think she threatened you with the Sawtee, but it’s not even that.”
In earnest, he answered, “Just think of how horrible this place would have been without the two of us.” Motto nodded in agreement.

30.
LIKE MICE
As the sun rose in the attic the next morning, the sisters were awakened by the sound of Carla’s stomach growling. Nina rolled over in her floor bed and stretched while Carla stared at the ceiling beams, through the slits of her eyes, “I’m hungry, do we have any fruit left?”
“No,” Nina yawned, “We’ll have to go on the hunt tonight my ravenous little mouse.”
“What about that sack of nuts I stole the other day, did we eat them all?”
Nina stood up and blinked her eyes at the new sun rising. “Yes, there’s a few, but they make so much noise cracking them, we’ll have to wait till midday to eat the rest, less they send someone to kill the meddlesome rats up here.” She put her hands in a bowl of water and washed her face. A lock of her long hair fell to her side. It was dirty and tangled, she grimaced, “How long do you believe we can hold out like this. Do you think our men will recognize us? I mean, look at my hair. I’m glad we don’t have a mirror.”
Carla sat up. “What I would give to be at home right now doing some boring embroidery and surrounded by my screaming children. If we could find Donna we could run away tonight.” She got up and looked out over the fields. “We could steal a horse or even a wagon.”
Nina cleaned the dirt from under her nails. “But where would we go? Do you have any idea how to get back home?”
“We could pull a page from a book in the library. Or we’ll ask someone to point us in the direction of the badlands where the evil TowHummy live.” Carla snickered. “But I wouldn’t feel right leaving Mother and Donna behind.”
There was singing, and the ladies sprang into action. It was morning prayer, the best time of the day to get about their surreptitious business. Even the kitchen was empty for about a half an hour every day.
Carla crept to the small attic door, pulled it open and found a young boy. Taken aback the ladies gasp. He smiled and Carla pulled him inside. With eyes wide, she took him by the shoulders and whispered, “What! Who are you and how did you find us?”
Nina shut the door, and the boy smiled. His tongue hadn’t been removed but his speech was garbled, so he motioned with his hands to help them understand him. “I’m Ti, Motto sent me to tell you to stay put and don’t worry. Soon lady Gurtis is leaving and everyone will be free. Motto will be our new headmaster.”
That news brightened their faces. He handed Carla a sack of bread and cheese and the three laid out the small meal and made new plans.

31.
MURDER
With Gurtis trunks at the door, the man in the tower rejoiced at the site of a wagon making its way up the lonely road that led to the monastery. He smiled as he assumed it was for Gurtis, but while he had his eye on what was close at hand, a far off was something coming up fast. Grabbing his spyglass, he made out four men driving hard on horseback. He rushed to pass the news to Motto, as this was hardly a road traveled so aggressively.
Odyois was in a small reading room when Gurtis dropped in to say goodbye. Putting books back on the shelf, he had his back to her when she said, “I’m leaving.”
He dryly replied, “Goodbye.”
“That’s it! Just like that?” Her head wobbled in frustration. Moments later she was still there. “Odyois, Taska has given me a chest of gold. You could come with me.” She suggested in a softer tone.
Without turning around he sighed, “Gurtis, I stayed here for you and your brother, and that harpy of a sister of yours. Life with you has been hell. I’ve hated it.”
She tightened her lips and looked him over a few times.
“Now he’s dead,” He went on, “I wish your evil sister was dead, and you’re leaving. Bless my heart!” he smiled.
“You owed us that much, for murdering my sister. If I hadn't lied to protect you. They would have taken your head the next morning.” She spat.
Odyois dropped his eyes, “For that, I am truly sorry.” He froze with a book in his hand, and thought in a whisper, “I still can’t believe I killed her”. How could I have done such a thing? He wondered.
Odyois still hadn’t turned around, and this infuriated Gurtis, “Oh, now I understand, you’ve got that new one hidden away to take my sisters place. You think you can just toss me away and live happily ever after?” He didn’t reply, so while his back was turned, she pulled a small bottle out of her pocket. She poured a few drops, hesitated, then poured the rest of the bottle in his cup of wine that sat on the table.
Odyois, with his back still turned, tried to reason, “Gurtis, you have your gold, enough to make yourself comfortable for the rest of your life. I would like to think the same thing could happen to me. You’re leaving, you’re happy, I’m leaving, I’m happy. Motto can run this place. Now everybody is happy.” He put the last book away and finally turned around, “So goodbye?”
The look of angry insanity was in her face and all he could think was he never had to see it again. He turned away, dropped his shoulders and unwound, pulled a book hoping she would soon leave.
But Gurtis eyes darted, and her face contorted with anger. She put on an evil smile. “Well, before I leave, here’s a bit of mold to spoil your cheese, you old rat!”
She leaned over the table to spout off loud and sharp. “Your right, you can’t remember killing Glenda, because I did it. I killed her.”
Odyois staggered, it took a moment for her words to sink in, a slight chill came over his body as every hair stood on end. He slowly turned around.
Gurtis gushed with pleasure at the pain on his face as she went on, “Yes, it was me. I overheard you say you were going to marry her and take her away. Do you think I was going to let you leave all of us here with Goggler, the devil himself?”
Odyois dropped the book and slowly moved toward her. His brows jammed into each other, as his face twisted into some kind of wild animal. She never knew this mild mannered gentleman possessed such a ferocious dark side.
Terrified, she stepped toward the door but he blocked her. “You think you can intimidate me. You forget I’ve watched you for over twenty years and I know you have about as much skin as a grape.” She squeaked.
With his face a snarl, his bushy brows stood up like horns, his eyes narrowed till only the black showed. His voice was gravelly, unnatural, with his hands curled like claws, he cornered her and hollered loud enough to make the windows raddle. “You evil rag of a witch. You fool of fools. You void of all light.”
In that moment Gurtis realized her life was in danger, she had taken it too far, her face fell, she was cornered, there was but one small chance she could reach the door. But Odyois was quickly upon her. He grabbed her by the shiny ball of dark hair on top of her head.
His lips pulled square around a gallery of larger than human looking teeth, he spat when he spoke, “You ruin my life and your own. I inherited the Dream Flatlands. I am Lord Theon. I came here for her.”
Gurtis screamed, kicked and punched him in the face and chest. She pulled books from the shelves scrambling to get away, but he was like a mindless beast and he wouldn’t let go of her hair.
Her face was red as she huffed and puffed as he raised her off the floor by her hair with one hand and put the other around her neck, and spewed “Yes, I was to marry your sister. Do you truly think she would have let me leave you here?” You make me sick.
Squeezing tighter and tighter she tried to peel his white knuckled fingers away from her throat. Gurgling and dribbling she tried to plead for her life. Then her eyes fluttered, and she started to go limp.
With all his might, Motto, who was horrified by the sight, pulled him off of her. She fell to the floor coughing. “Odyois what are you doing? Have you gone mad?” Odyois fell back, shaken, he pulled his hair out of his face. His head pounded as he watched with loathing, as Motto helped Gurtis up on to the bench and handed her the cup of wine that was there. Gurtis grabbed it with two hands and guzzled it down. Motto patted her on the back a few times while she tried to catch her breath. Odyois grabbed his hat and stumbled out of the room with Motto right behind him.
Motto stopped “Odyois!” he cried, “We have to move quickly. Your woman’s man returns. They're not dead. They race here. You have to take her up and leave now.” Motto grabbed him by the collar and locked eyes, “Did you hear me? Those men will be here any moment. You have to run.”
Odyois blinked out of his stupor. “No, no he would just hunt me down. Come I have another idea.”
Back in the room, Gurtis is still coughing, catching her breath with her hand at her chest, she was suddenly horrified.

32.
ODYOIS HAS A DREAM
Odyois and Motto moved swiftly down the empty hall as it was afternoon prayer time and most were in their rooms for a time of reflection and meditation. On the way to Donna’s hideout, Odyois stopped at his office and collected a small blue bottle. He grabbed a goblet off his desk and poured a little water in it, then a few drops from the bottle. His hands were shaking.
Motto raised a brow, “You’re going to give her Tranquilsigh?”
Odyois was sweating, “No this is Black Veil. Tranquilsigh is this stuff diluted with wine. Dam it! I don’t have time to dilute it properly.
“Is it dangerous?” Motto asked nervously.
“Yes, but it works faster. She’ll only take a sip.” He bit his lip and added a little more water to the mixture. He wiped the sweat from his brow, “That has to be it. Now, Motto, I want you to go to the marriage chamber. Inside is a small dressing room. Bring me the most modest gown and head adornment. One fitting a virgin. Go quickly then meet me upstairs in the round room.” Motto hurried off and Odyois rushed to Donna.
He composed himself and knocked on her door. She opened it with a big smile, delighted to see him and anxious to talk about her record keeping. But he cut her short. “Donna, did you hear the good news? Gurtis has gone. He took her hands and gave her a blissful cheek.
“How wonderful.” Donna expressed with utter joy. “I was told she was planning to leave, but I didn’t know when. Now we can openly find Mother and my sisters.”
“We have found your sisters and we are looking for your mother room to room as we speak. Come we are gathering in the small round room off the chapel.” He opened the door for her and as she passed him, he noticed the Forever Life Lotus still in its box on the table. He hesitated then put it in his pocket.
She followed him to a small round room with walls painted like a beautiful floral garden, complete with animals and trimmed in gold. Large windows let in the afternoon light. There were a few chairs but no tables.
“Wait here for me. I will only be a moment.” He left to his office and returned with the goblet of Black Veil. “Good news my dearest, your sisters are on their way. And don’t worry we will have your mother too. But first you have to try this! It’s the first new wine, and it’s absolutely delicious. You have to take a sip. If you like it, we shall all have it for dinner tonight.”
He passed the goblet, and she eagerly took a sip and another at which Odyois looked alarmed.
“It tastes like water and something, but I just can’t make it out?” She returned the goblet confused.
Odyois smile was gone and his face begged for forgiveness. “Here my dear have a seat. I wouldn't want you to fall and hurt yourself.”
Donna started to sway, and he led her to sit down. She looked at the goblet in Odyois hand. “What did you give me? Odyois, I trusted you. Oh, my legs, I can’t move my legs’ I’m dying. Odyois! why?”
Her last words fade out as she sat frozen like a statue. Odyois fell to his knees, her words had broken his heart. Having only read about the uses of Black Vail and Tranquilsigh, he had never witnessed it personally. It was the kind of thing only Gurtis used in her dark dealings.
“I’m so sorry my love.” He took her hand and wept, “I just couldn't let go. Hearing you laugh and seeing your smile. You don’t understand how rare that is.” He looked into her blank eyes. “I just don’t think I can live without it. I’m really a rich man. I can give you anything. You should want for nothing. My real home is beautiful, even more beautiful than here. I can…”
At that moment Motto returned with a soft white garment with a sheer pale blue scarf for her head. “Will this do?” He studied her still life face in awe.
Odyois closed her eyes then took the garments and looked them over. “Perfect! This will work. Come, help me prepare her.”

33.
AFTERNOON PRAYER
Thinking Gurtis was gone, and it was noon prayer hour, now seemed the perfect time for Nina and Carla to resume their search for Mother and Donna. But as soon as they opened the door, they found Ti. This time the child had no bag of tasty goodies but was sent to deliver the message that strangers on horseback were headed their way. “When, how long, how far?” the sisters pushed, but poor Ti could add no more.
The wonderful news brought tears of joy and sighs of relief. It was exit time but where was Donna and Mother? After what had happened to them, they could only pray they fared better. With no Gurtis and their men back at any moment, they pulled their hoods off and boldly went in search for the rest of their family.
Ti led them to a room where Gurtis had been seen leaving quite often. The sisters protested as they had checked that room before but when they opened the door, there she lay. Evidently, she had been moving Mother from place to place to keep Odyois from finding her.
She looked as if she were sleeping peacefully. Carla called, “Mother?” and there was no response. She reached out and gently caressed her face, but nothing. Carla put the other two at rest, “She’s not dead, she is still warm to the touch.”
Now that they knew where Mother was, it was time to find Donna but Ti had no ideas. So the sisters asked him if he would wait there with Queen Kissna just in case she should awaken while they were gone. As they made their way from door to door and interrupted others in their meditation, all greeted them with a gracious smile, it seemed Gurtis leaving had lifted the spirits of all. This was turning out to be one marvelous day.
Door after door Nina on one side and Carla on the other they searched. Carla opened a door and bounced when she realized she was looking at Gurtis. The ladies filed in with mean leers and shut the door behind them.
Carla boldly approached, “Gurtis… I suppose you know our men are returning early. No doubt that’s your reason for a hasty exit… witch.” They paced the floor at her back like hungry buzzards. “We have no intention of letting you just leave without saying goodbye to them. I don’t care if I have to sit right here a day or two waiting for that moment. Better yet, I think we should drag you home with us. Death would be letting you off too easy. I want to salivate every moment of your long painful demise. Her words were sharp and cutting but was nowhere near the wrath Nina was about to spew.
Confident and self-assured her man would soon be there to protect her at any moment, Nina leaned into her face, “You’re going to pay for murdering Chee. I could kill you myself.” She looked around, “If I could just find a knife, I’d start carving…” Then Nina noticed Gurtis hadn’t the slightest retort. She looked closely into her eyes, and in a low speculative voice, she addressed Carla. “Sister, there is some strange dark magic going on here. Have you noticed she hasn’t flinched a muscle, not even an eyelid?”
“She’s not dead I hope; we need her to tell us what she’s done with Donna. Is she dead or what? Damn it, did someone kill her before we had the chance?” Carla griped.
“No,” Nina smirked, “she’s in there, she can see me, but somehow, she can’t move. I can see her fear and feel her hatred.”
Carla waved her hand over Gurtis face but she didn’t budge. “It’s like she’s sitting here frozen in place.” She picked up the cup and sniffed it. “This isn’t water or wine. Maybe someone gave her a potion of some kind.”
Suddenly Nina burst out laughing. “Look in her eyes. She can see us, but she can’t move a muscle. She knows her cake is burnt!” She grabbed Gurtis by the hair, to hold her head steady, then landed an overly enthusiastic slap across the face. Then looked her in the eyes again. “Oh, Carla look at this, you can see it in her eyes. She’s furious!”
Carla was speechless, she had never witnessed such a thing, including seeing this dark side of her sister. Nina wound Gurtis hair into her fist and slapped her again, looking into her eyes laughing and cursing her in a voice Carla had never heard. “I don’t have a knife to cut out your tongue like you did so many others but I can poke out your eyes, or maybe hang you from the rafters by your hair, or…” She took another backswing with all her might.
Carla stopped her sister who was shaking and had tears running down her face. She dropped Gurtis bloody head on the table knocking over a small candle that rolled off onto the floor. “Nina stop, you sound evil. I’ve never seen you like this. Leave her, let the men deal with her.”
“She killed Chee, who never hurt a soul.” Nina explained, “If you had your memory back, you’d be full of hate too. It still hurts… a lot.”
Carla gave her trembling sister a much needed hug, “I know, I’m sorry. Come, let’s find Donna.”
In a flash, the room was ablaze. The burned down candle had somehow sat the room on fire. It ran across the floor and up the walls catching the books and then Carla shoe. She stomped it out and grabbed her sister who was fixated on Gurtis eyes. “Look at her. She can’t move. I can hear her screaming. Can you hear it? Can you hear It?” Nina covered her ears. She stared into Gurtis eyes as the woman started to catch on fire. Nina was horrified.
“No, I can’t hear a thing.” As the fire got bigger Carla grabbed Nina and shook her. “Stop it! Stop it! Have you gone mad?” Nina recovered, and they ran from the room with the door shutting behind them. But that wouldn’t stop this special kind of fire, one that Gurtis herself ordered the servants to wash the walls and floors with, a special gift from her sister the Sawtee Queen.
The hall was filled with smoke and people started to spill from their rooms.

34.
VOW OF SILENCE
Von blasted his way down the halls indiscriminately intruding on and interrupting all. Most slipped back into their rooms wanting nothing to do with these assertive aggressive types. Doors flew open and slammed and after a few frightened ones mumbled a garble when asks where the ladies were, it was clear this place was not what it was thought to be. From one room to another, the four men spread out causing an uproar.
Von entered the grand library and found Odyois seated, calmly reading a book by a window. He stood up looking surprised. “Oh my, I wasn't expecting you to return so soon. Come in and have a seat. I wanted to speak to you about your wife.
Von took no seat and his hostile tone caused Odyois heart to skip a beat. “That’s why I’m here. Where is she?” Von snarled and took a few steps closer.
Most often, monks are respected as being mild mannered, thus related to in kind. No one had attempted an assault on Odyois in years and this helped him carry his calm facade in the presence of someone obviously inflamed. He used a soothing voice hoping it might cool the man a bit. “I wanted to prepare you for a change she has made. None of us are sure what path life has in store for us.”
“Where is she?” Von asked critically.
Odyois felt his head pulse and suddenly his robes were a bit warm. “I want to prepare you for the fact that your wife has taken a vow of silence, chastity, and service. I know it may sound hard to believe but it happens quite often.” Von’s watch made him feel like an insect.
Von cornered him and kept the pressure on. “Not hard to believe. Impossible to believe. Now, are you going to tell me where she is?” Von grabbed him by the collar, tilted his head and leaned into his face and spoke through his large white teeth. “I've been known to make a few vows myself, not the peaceful kind.”
For the first time, Odyois wasn’t so sure his plan was a good one. Even if he pulled his dagger right now, he wasn’t sure he could survive such a stronger much younger man. Little did he know, Von was much older than he was. “Okay, okay, she’s right here but remember she won’t speak.” He squeaked.
Odyois led Von down a narrow side hall near the main chapel. He opened the door and there in the lovely room was his Donna. The setting was enchantingly heavy. Donna sat in a tall chair in a room painted like a fairy forest, with just enough light to make it seem dreamy. She had no expression, her eyes looked straight ahead. Von was put off at first sight of her, no smile, no glad to be in your arms again hug. He wasn’t sure how to handle the situation. Odyois left them alone but closed the door just so, so he could peek and eavesdrop.
Von approached and lightheartedly asked, “Donna, what’s this about you taking a vow of any kind? You have to know I was surprised. I know how interesting you find the world but I think you should know you’ve bitten off a little more than I think you can chew.” He wandered about the room. With no response, not even a blink, he was perplexed and bewildered. He found her hard to look at.
Donna, was terrified, desperately trapped and unable to move even her eyes, she screamed but no sound came out. She panicked, entombed in a body that would not move, screaming with a voice that couldn’t be heard. “Oh my love I knew you would come. Don’t turn away, please, I’m here look into my eyes, my soul must still be here. Odyois Why? Why did you do this to me! I helped you, I thought you cared about me, you saved my life and I trusted you!”
Von paced, gestured with his hands, rubbing his forehead. “Donna I’m having trouble believing you would just give up your life and your children. I tried to give you everything. I know there has always been the thing about the boys. Believe me, I couldn’t give them to you. They weren’t mine to give.” There was an offbeat stressful tone in his voice.
His confessions were unnecessary, “Von! Heart, I’m right here I’m in here! They lie, it’s a trick. Oh, what did they do to me?”
Still trying to find reason he went on, “Believe me I do understand that wealth isn't everything. I know that I love you. You must know that! Hell, everybody loves you. My life is difficult at times. Just being my wife puts you and our children at risk.” A glance was dampening, pouring his heart out had not aroused the slightest movement.
All the while Donna’s heart was breaking, “Heart, please look into my eyes. Please, please don't leave me. You are my life. I know you have always loved me.” But no amount of emotion could cause her body to budge even a finger.
He dropped his head in thought, “I admit I shouldn't have taken you under the waterfall that day, me being a cryistlum, but at the time nothing ever seemed so right in my entire life. I have never regretted it.” He turned toward her, “Never, never.” The tone of his voice changed, he was losing his patients.
“My love, you never took me, I took you. You should know that by now.” she wept.
Von had had enough, he had tried reasoning and got as close to a plea as he could bring himself. He stood before her grasping his options and had no intention on leaving without her. He envisioned throwing her bound and gagged over his shoulder. With a nasty smirk, his eyes shifted. He shook his head in disbelief, dipped an eyebrow in anger. He tilted his head and spoke in a slow deep sharp and cutting voice. “Madam, I will never beg! Never!”
Only one other time in her life did he ever use that tone of voice with her. Her heart was broken, she screamed, “Von! Von! Oh god, what can I do to make him see what they have done? Don't leave me!”
Her unwavering persistence to ignore him brought his anger to pitch. He swooped down on a knee to get square in her face, and with all his teeth showing he growled loudly. “This isn't right! Damn it woman! You can’t just walk out on me without saying a word!”
It was loud and mean enough to make Odyois take a peek, he had no idea what this man might do to get a response from her, maybe even hit her. Things could get out of hand, he thought.
Close in her face, Von looked into her eyes and saw them full. A tear dangled. Looking deeper he found her. His eyes blinked twice as the tear ran down her face. His face softened, almost sad, with deep pain and compassion. Then as if in slow motion, in the reflection of her eyes, someone was sneaking up behind him too fast for him to stop them from hitting him over the head.
“Oh no stop! Odyois! No, no Odyois why? Oh, my poor darling. Help, help, god help us!” Donna cried.
Odyois grabbed a curtain and wrapped Donna up and put her over his shoulder and dashed out the door leaving Von out cold on the floor.

35.
IT BURNS LIKE KINDLE
Smoke and the smell of it traveled fast causing panic in the halls of the monastery. Carla and Nina spotted a clog of commotion with tall Blair in the midst of it. And with no more than a shriek the ladies lifted their robes and ran like frightened children. It was a reunion of tears of joy and hugs that were too tight and lasted too long.
It must have been the special look in Gabe’s eyes when he caressed Nina’s face that caused her to remember she was a mess like he had never seen before. Her, turning away, tugging on her dirty hair and pulling her hood over her head, caused Carla to also react. They were as their men had never seen them. Though they felt a fright, the men found the not so perfect faces pleasantly different.
Although it was now obvious a fire somewhere was out of control. People came running carrying their few possessions through the halls and down three flights of stairs. The exits were starting to jam. Gabe urgently grabbed Nina by the shoulders, “Nina, where’s my mother?”
She screamed with a jump, and the sisters explained how they found her in some kind of deep sleep and that they had no idea where Donna was. Blair explained that he had seen Von follow the headmaster down a narrow hallway. It was quickly decided that Gabe, Rory, and the sisters would get Mother and head north taking the largest main road.
A quick cry from Carla, “No!” as Blair ran off in the direction of the fire. “Don’t go back. The fire! The fire, it’s not normal, it burns like kindle, it’s hellish!”
They led Gabe to where they had left Kissna and Ti. As they turned the corner, poor frightened Ti stood in the doorway waiting. Gabe grabbed his mother’s frail body and fought his way down the hall with Nina, Carla and Ti trailing. In the middle of massive chaos, Nina had Carla and Ti by the hand holding on tight, afraid her sister would run after Blair and that little Ti would get lost and trampled. Screams could be heard and Carla let go but Nina grabbed her wrist just in time. But Ti was suddenly giving a hard tug. It was his father who offered a grateful smile and Nina returned it.
Rory had gone ahead to get their horses. Better yet, Rory found a supply wagon. As people flooded out, it seemed no one was interested in the cart or the horses, they were all headed south on foot. Why and to where he wondered.
Rory and the cart were a welcome sight. Gabe put his mother in the back and wondered if Blair and his brother needed help. He made up his mind when his wife, reading his mind, tugged on him to leave, and knowing Carla would run back if he didn’t get her away from there. With the ladies on the cart, he drove them away from the monastery which was raging out of control. Carla could only watch, unable to breathe a word since her man left her to find Von and Donna.
“What happened?” Gabe asked with a brow deeply dipped.
“Thank heaven you’re here.” Nina’s voice cracked, “You’re a week early, how did you know? We had planned to run off tonight and find you.”
“I’m glad you didn't. We saw one of your wagons and knew something was wrong.”
“Wrong is barely the word.” Nina leaked a tear of gratitude. “We were enslaved, made to work in the field. I was beaten, and remember my little sister Chee? We found her here, and she was murdered by a monster.”
Gabe shook his head in confusion. Nina was talking a mile a minute, slaves, beating, murder, and a monster was all he heard. “What happened to my mother?”
“We don’t know what they did to her.” Nina tried to explain, “And Donna has completely disappeared. Tell me, did you open your mother’s eyes?”
“No,” Gabe frowned, slowed the wagon down and glanced in the back at the traumatized women, then at the roaring fire that could now be seen from far away.

36.
ODYOIS RUNS
The fire is much worst on this end and Blair pushed his way through the crowd expecting to find Von has already gone but when he opened the door, he was shocked to find Von lying on the floor.
Bair turned him over and he came to. “Von! What happened?”
Rubbing the back of his head Von sat for a moment, then scrambled to his feet recalling what had occurred. “Someone hit me over the head and took Donna. There was something wrong with her. It was as if she couldn't move. I think Odyois is the dog behind this. There’s smoke!”
Blair helped him to his feet, “And a fire. A bad one. This place is quickly turning into a death trap. Can you walk?”
Von stumbled and pulled himself together. “I’m fine. I've got to find Donna.”
The men ran out into the smoky hallway. There was a river of people leaving, they carried dishes, religious statues, scrolls, books, gold, jewels, food. Blair and Von frantically looked around for any sign of Donna or Odyois. They spotted him surrounded by the lost and confused. He had a blanket or carpet over his shoulder. It was big enough to hold a body. The crowd must have hampered his escape. But when he spotted them, he took the easy way out. Instead of running down the hall where he would have been caught, he ran up a nearby flight of stairs. Von pointed him out, and the two men fought the crowd to get to them.
Motto spotted Odyois hectically climbing the stairs with the bundle over his shoulder. He fought his way through the down climbers to catch up with him. At the top of the stairs Motto reached out to help. “Odyois!”
He was sweating and out of breath, but he pushed Motto’s hands away from the bundle on his shoulder. He gave him a hard eye, “Motto, this is not turning out the way I thought it would. Just, just in case. Here; take this ring, go to the flatlands and show it. I told them you were my son. Take the people with you.”
Motto took the ring and swallowed hard, “Why don't you just let her go. You can still live a good life. You and I, wives and children. Just let go of this wrong dream. She’s of another world. Give her back, she belongs to him.”
Odyois looked off quickly pondering his options.
“Believe me I understand, I loved the dark headed one enough to see it was all wrong. I looked deep into her. It would never work.” Motto looked down into the hustling crowd and the men fighting their way toward the staircase and pleaded with arched brows, “Here they come, just leave her Odyois!”
Odyois shook his head no and said softly, “I can’t.” Motto turned to see how close Von and Blair were getting and, in that instant, Odyois had run off. Motto caused a disturbance on the stair hoping to delay them. But Von literally pushed them all aside. He and Motto caught a glance of one another and the look made Motto take the ring and move with dire urgency.
Was Odyois a madman? Von wondered. He kept running against the crowd that was desperately trying to escape the fire. But Odyois knew there was a secret passage in Gurtis personal office, off her bedroom. He ran into that room and found it a flame, stepping out into the office he found the door and a nearby curtain to the hidden escape was on fire. He ran from the office only to have Von and Blair spot him. He ran back into the room where the fire raged, frantically trying to find a way out. Then he turned and was face to face with them.
Von with his dagger pulled, took a long step, and the floor fell away between them. Holding Donna in his arms like a child, Odyois looked around for any way out but there was none.
Time stood still and Von understood this man, but did this man love her enough? He laid his dagger down and reached out. “Odyois! Toss her to me! Odyois you’re trapped. Toss her to me!” He yelled urgently. He took a look at the fire around the confused Odyois. He slowed at the reality of the situation. His nose flared, He was shaking at the sight of it, his demeanor changed as he gave a humble plea. “Odyois, Odyois please.”
Odyois looked around again and then looked at the blanket in his arms. There was a long stare between the two men. There was pain in their eyes. Von slowly shook his head. “Odyois!”
It looked as if Odyois was in hell as the flames licked ever so close. He tossed Donna to Von. Von caught his treasure and went to his knees and uncovered her face but she was still unconscious.
Meanwhile, Blair frantically yelled to Odyois. “Come on man, jump!” but in the heat and his confusion, Odyois hesitates and then made the attempt just as the entire floor on the other side gave away to the ferocious fire below kicking up blinding flames. Blair covered his face and cried out, “Let’s get out of here.”
Von recovered and scooped up Donna. It was madness. The staircase they had just come up was engulfed in flames. It creeped up walls only so high and across floors but stopped short of going under large furniture, and its smoke wasn’t black, it was red.
At the end of a small hallway was a too small window but with flames licking the way, it had to work. Upon opening the window, there was a tree. It was going to be tricky but with belts and the blanket, they escaped and found Gurtis favorite horses still in the stable. No one knew where she was, but surely she wouldn’t leave her darlings. Strangely, the stable had not caught on fire.

37.
ODYOIS
Motto stood at the roadside high enough to watch the people filtering through the fields. As they passed him, he made a mental note so not to miss anyone. The entire monastery was engulfed in flames. All its history and all its treasures gone up in an eerie red smoke that could be seen for miles. Watching the many who, such as they were, had lost their homes, now more than ever he wished he had Odyois to help with this massive exit of people. He pulled the ring from his pocket and stared at it wondering if he was all the man Odyois thought he was.
The sun was going down and only a few stragglers were still sifting through the fields. There were a hundred stories Odyois had never finished that left Motto feeling empty. He called him his son, and he was the father he never knew. Why couldn’t he have just left the woman behind, he wondered.
With only a few still on the road, Motto started to count them, and one was almost black from soot and his robes burned so badly he was half naked. He was heavy in conversation as those around him had questions. Motto’s mouth fell open, “Could it be?” He dared to wonder. He ran into the arms of Odyois who was just as happy to see him with wordless smiles and tears of joy.
As Odyois walked up the road to his estate lands, in his tattered burn spotted robe, you could make out the shape of the Forever Life Lotus box bouncing in his pocket.

38.
ANYTHING? NOTHING
Gabe pulled the wagon off the road on a hillside where they could make camp and keep a watch for Von, Blair, and Donna. In an opening between the trees, they had the full view of the valley below. The monastery fire had almost gone out, only bellows of red smoke turned the sunset into the most beautiful they had ever seen.
They were spellbound, standing side by side as the spectacular marvel swirled in their eyes. “How’s my mother?” Gabe asked.
Nina took his hand and sorrowfully replied, “There is no change.”
“Centuries of peace and serenity reduced to burning rubble. You two didn't have anything to do with that, did you?” Gabe asked expecting them to say no. After all the fire was red.
Carla mumbled, “There was rubble inside, long before we got there.”
Nina tried to explain, “We wanted to be nice.”
• • •
The red smoke was gone, and the sun dropped until just a layer of its gold lit a distant mountain range. In the dim light, Rory made out two figures coming quickly up the road.
The family greeted Von and Blair with questions. Von still carrying Donna in his arms with her face covered, he handed her to Gabe, dismounted and took her back. All faces were grief stricken. Was she still alive?
Von looked at his mother and asked Gabe, “Anything?”
Gabe replied, “No.” He looked at Donna and asked, “Anything?” Von shook his head no, as the lump in his throat was so great he couldn’t speak. He could feel her body was still warm but deep in his heart, he hadn’t uncovered her face because seeing her motionless as if dead, was unbearable. He looked around and took a hike up a mountainside. Rory watched but felt uninvited and stayed below. The family stood speechless.
At the top of the mountain, Von found a small pool. He gently laid her down, uncovered her face, patted her with water and sprinkled it onto her lips. There wasn’t the slightest response. He found a throne like rock formation to relax in. From so high a beautiful sunset could still be seen. He held her in his arms and rocked her like a mother would a sick child.
“Donna my darling. My most precious wonder. Please come back to me. My love, my heart. I will be a shadow without you. Donna… Donna… Donna,” He took another look at her face, so perfect and beautiful. In his pain and rage, he trembled, then thundered out in anger, “What the hell did they do to you?”
The roar stunned the small camp below motionless. Rory started to run up the mountainside, but Gabe stopped him and shook his head remorsefully. Rory was brokenhearted but said nothing. He waited alone at the base of the mountain.
Von sat with his lifeless Donna in his lap. His face twisted with anger. His lips turned down in bitter suffering. With his arms resting on top the stones, he sat still, silently, praying and pleading. The sky changed from a beautiful sunset to the blackest night, with the brightest stars.
• • •
As the morning became lighter, it revealed Von’s head down, his sleeping face softened, his arms loosely cradled her. Slowly her eyes opened to the beautiful sun just starting to peek. She reached out and delicately caressed his face and brow, and spoke softly, “My love, don’t you know, I would never, ever, take a vow that would separate me from you.”
Slowly his eyes opened. His face was drenched with relief, and he held his miracle tightly.
Von helped her back downhill anxious to share the good news. Halfway, they found Rory still asleep curled up against a rock. Von squat down beside him and spoke softly. “Rory, wake up, look whose back.”
Rory woke blinking his eyes. Seeing his mother, he grabbed her with a tearful hug. “Mother!” he cried.
• • •
Von watched him as a tear leaked from one eye. But Rory burst out in denial. “I’m not crying! I’m not!”
Von gave him a smirky smile, and Donna lovingly pulled her son’s hair back from his face, and kissed his forehead, “It’s okay dear one, we won’t tell anybody.”

39.
PLANS
After Donna recovered, Von naturally presumed his mother had also, but that wasn’t the case. She was still alive but still in a deep sleep. Donna explained how Odyois had given her something to drink and she went on to describe what she experienced. Nina and Carla added the fact that they had seen Girtis in the same state.
Von suggested, “Under the circumstances, we need to return home as quickly as possible. I think we’re about three days away. One day of this lovely luscious berry patch. One day navigating in the New Losmen and another in green meadows, but on the deserted side of the valley.”
“Will we be able to navigate a wagon?” Gabe asked.
“Other than a merchant wagon I've never seen it done, but we’ll see when we get there.”
Blair summed things up, “We have no healing water. We gave the last to mother. But I must admit we have a wonderful camp with plenty of game for food, wild berries, dry bread and butter from the cart and clear water runs from the mountainside.”
The train of thought was broken by the loud cry of Rory. His father rushed to find him at his horse where he had just dashed a white painted stone to the ground.
“Son, what’s all this hollering.” Von had never seen Rory so angry.
“Witch! Witch!… I’m going to kill her. Where’s my knife? I’m going to kill that witch.” He kicked up some dust.
Von grabbed him by the shoulders and squared him in the face. “Hay keep it down. What the hell happened?”
Rory still had the face of a child but it was twisted with wrath. “Damn it! I have to go back. That witch! After we saved her, she steals from me. I hate her!”
“Calm down.” Von ordered, “How do you know it was she? We’ve been all over.”
Rory’s nose flared and tiny drops of sweat popped up. He showed all his perfect teeth when he spat, “She replaced the crystal with a stone painted white. The only place I’ve ever seen them was at the orphanage. And worst of all the crystal’s almost worthless.”
Von saw himself in his son’s madness. He lowered his voice to try and calm and reason with him. “Son, now is not the time to go. Look at your grandmother. She could die. I’m not sure what we’re facing. If you wait, I’ll go back with you.”
Rory’s eyes widen, and he lowered his voice. “Father I can’t fail my mission.”
Von shook his head, “Well you didn't. You got the stone but someone stole it afterward.”
Rory looked his father straight in the eyes. “I’m not going back until I complete my mission. I will not fail.” He pulled away and turned his back to him.
Von put his fist to his hip and whispered loudly. “You would leave me in a situation like this? Your mother just barely recovered. If it was just us men, you know I wouldn't ask but now is just a bad time.”
The young man sulked for a moment, then faced his father. “Okay, I’ll stay till grandmother recovers. Then I’m going to get my crystal back!”
Von nodded and Rory tightened his lip and walked off.
In a moment of silence, Carla spoke up, “You know, mother was right. We did learn a lot. We have been humiliated beyond her wildest expectations. We know what it’s like to be hungry, dirty, …
Nina interrupted, “Beaten, to hide like criminals, steal food like thieves, whimper like little children, to be rundown and attacked by a monster. A few days ago, I felt grateful to fall asleep for just a few moments.
The men found the story unbelievable, but the truth lay before their eyes. These women had never been so exposed in their lives. No fragrant fine oils for their skin, no fine brushes or jeweled combs for their hair, no color for the cheeks and lips and most of all no dark water. They took advantage of a nearby creek but it left their skin and hair dry and itchy. Scrapes, bruises, aches, and pains crept up on them as life without their healing water continued. There was no way of washing this away.
Nina surprised everyone by taking a knife and cutting her hair. In a mixed emotion of tears and laughter, she explained she had broken Gabe’s comb trying to get through it. Even the men had their moments, Gabe’s allergies came back, he had a runny nose and Blair and Von had a dry cough from all the red smoke they had inhaled.

40.
DEL AND ELLEYN
Back at Exiland, the king found it quite disturbing when he was told that twenty messenger birds had arrived at Kissna’s cages. She had been using them for years, even to exchange notes to her sister who lived at the monastery.
Del came front and center for the job. Was it just an oddity or was something seriously wrong? Von had requested that as few as possible would take the journey so Del was glad to have the excuse to explore the outland.
While in the stables packing his horse, Elleyn ran up behind him, “He gave me his blessing.” He yelled with excitement.
Del was a little dumbfounded, “Really! I’m surprised.” He scratched his head. “Well, pack your horse, let’s get going.”
Elleyn grinned from ear to ear.
They camped at the beach that night but stayed to themselves. They kept their ears open but heard nothing unusual. Back on the road, the first stop was a small town where they could check into an inn and maybe catch a story or two. Surely the capture of an Exilander would be big news. But for all they knew there could be nothing to worry about and this was just their own outland experience.
On the road, Elleyn asked, “Was there mention of where they may be headed. Or what kind of trouble we may expect?”
“Not really, there may be no problems at all.” Dell answered a little puzzled at the question, “Didn't the king brief you, he did give you his blessing?”
Elleyn replied assuredly, confirming his lie. “Of course he did, he said you could tell me everything. He was busy at the time.”
Dell couldn’t shake the feeling he had been hoodwinked.
• • •
By this time King Vincent knew two disturbing things for sure. One was that Elleyn was missing, and the other was that something was surely wrong at the monastery. The headmaster from the orphanage sent him a bird telling of a huge fire and that it no longer existed.

41.
THE NEW LOSMAN
At the edge of the new Losmen Forest, the family made camp. As the sun was about to drop, Von and Blair emerged from the Losmen darkness. They dropped three rabbets and all their gear but said nothing.
Gabe finally asked, “Well?”
Von answered dryly, “Not good, there’s no way to get the wagon through. It’s thick and riddled with sinkholes. If it weren't for the time lost, I’d turn back.
“Maybe we can rig something for Mother with the horses,” Gabe suggested.
“No, we’ll have enough problems just navigating. Our best bet will be to backtrack and travel along the mountainside.” Von sat and said nothing else the rest of the night. And in the morning, he and Mother were gone.
At breakfast, Donna explained, “He left before sunrise with Mother. He’ll return with help.”
“He could have said something.” Blair blasted, “Who wants to wait here?”
There wasn’t a sound.
“Good enough, we’ll take the mountainside. Let’s pack up. Rory, ride with me and I’ll teach you to navigate.” Blair smirked, “We may even beat him home.” They were all smiles.
That night they made camp in the forest. Tight on one another, it was unusually quiet.
Rory asked, “So this is camp, in the New Losmen?” He looked around amazed at its stillness and darkness.
Carla added, “It feels like a cave. There’s a full moon tonight. Where is it?”
“It will only get darker. There will be no sun tomorrow either. Hopefully, we won't have to travel too far in this new forest.” Blair said.
The sisters harmonized, “No sun?”
Donna’s eye’s wandered around the huge black canopy. The words, full moon, rang a bell and cut her breath short.

42.
MOONLIGHT
It was indeed a full moon night and Queen Taska’s hands were shaking with excitement and anticipation of the new powers she would obtain the moment the moon beamed down on the one wearing the blue moonstone ring and pendant.
Not even the Sawtee king was aware of her schemes. Depending on the strength of her new powers, she had plans for him too. She would allow him to sit on his throne but Lapuslandee would be ruled by her. After all, she had set it up so nice, and he couldn’t even see to it the TowHummy princes were put to death. The fact that her sister and broken brother had vanished, crossed her mind, but she assured herself they had escaped. The fire was the sign all had gone as planned. The stories of the spectacular fire delighted her heart even if there was the little thing about her coachmen returning, claiming he waited but her sister never showed up.
She went out onto her balcony and waited for; well she didn’t know what she was waiting for. Didn’t Odyois say no one had ever worn the ring and the pendant at the same time? Her heart pounded recalling as a young girl, reading the old book that said… expect the power of a goddess. The moon was rising, and it was a find huge bright one. Already she could feel a tingling in her fingers.
Within hours the full scale of her power was realized. The king lay on his throne dead. The queen on the floor with her youngest son in her arms dead. There were dead lying all around her. For guard stood with spears pointing at the glowing, wailing woman, rocking her son. “Why?” she cried, “It wasn’t supposed to be this way. My child, my child, what have I done?”
Her oldest son watched from the doorway as he dares not to get too close. He was now king and ordered her bricked up in her room, windows and all. They made it look as if she had never existed.

43.
MY MISSION
The family exited the Losmen Forest before sundown. Even hugging the mountain, it was a long dark and dangerous ride. Dinner would be water, cheese and hard bread from the cart which they had left behind. The meadows were covered with lush green grass and it was warm and bright.
When Blair finally decided where they would camp for the night, Carla slid off the horse she shared with Donna and collapsed onto the ground crying “Oh, it feels so good to be under the sun, lying on solid ground. Everyone laughed, but the feeling was mutual.
Blair truly wanted to use every moment of daylight to get closer to home and as fast as possible. He had to but look at them and listen to their complaints to realize they were aging by the day. They were not immune to pain, but the aches lingered. It was now obvious they could never survive in the outland. This was a dangerous vulnerability and needed to be kept secret from the rest of the world.
Gabe dismounted, “And my hat goes off to Blair. Excellent job of navigating.”
“Thank you, but I can’t take all the credit.” Blair replied, “You didn’t know it but halfway out Rory led the way. His eyesight was much better than mine in that darkness.”
Gabe took his hat off and bowed to the boy, “Well, hats off to you then, Rory. Well done, your father will be proud to hear of it. You are filling your place in the books quite well.”
Rory smiled but his uncle didn’t know he had failed his mission. Being younger he complained the least, just hunger pains. So he dashed off to get firewood on his own. This gave him time to think. He had to get away, but how could he leave them alone. Von was right, they were ailing. But the thought of seeing his grandfather’s disappointed face was unacceptable. But if he waited, it would become a joint adventure with his father.
Back at the camp, he asked Blair, “Just how far away are we from home?”
Blair smiled thinking the boy was anxious to get there, he whispered, “Tomorrow.”
This was music to Rory’s ears. Surely they could survive threw one more day. He convinced himself when thinking of all they had already been through. That night he made his bed close to his mother. Donna had picked up on his vibes and his father had explained the story of his outburst days ago.
Thinking he’s comforting his mother he spoke, “I’m sure he’s fine. Do you think he’s resting under the moonlight wondering about us right now?”
She surprised him with her answer, “Not a chance.”
Rory gasp, “Mother, I need to leave. I failed my mission. Father wants to help but I don’t want him too. It’s my mission, not his!”
Donna rubbed his shoulder. “You know your father, what would you like me to tell him?”
He thought for a moment, “Tell him to wait.”
• • •
As Von hit the top of the stairs still carrying the Queen, the king and Conner ran to meet him. He delivered her into his father’s arms as Conner held the door open. His father laid her down and unwrapped her.
Von was out of breath and tired, he tried to get a look but Conner blocked him. “It’s okay now we have her. We’ll take over now. Donna?”
“I have to go back, but yes, she’s fine, they all are. Those damn Sawtee. It was a hellish trip. Even I don’t have all the story yet.” He craned his neck to see past Conner. “How my mother ended up like this I’m still not sure.”
Conner closed him out more. “Von, go get some rest, you look…”
He finally got his attention. “Yeah, I look like hell. I’ve already been told.”
“No.” Conner replied in earnest, “I was going to say you look better than I’ve seen you in a long time.”
Von’s mouth fell loose. He kinda smiled then Conner shooed him off and shut the door. Von waited there for a moment, stood taller, dusted his hat off and bounced down the stairs.
The family awakened to find themselves surrounded by Von and an escort. Rory was gone. Von still mounted, with a fist to his hip, bellowed out, “Wake up sleepy heads. Home is within hours.”

44.
HOME
On the way home everyone was so tired and weary they barely spoke, but there was a lot to talk about. A lot of explaining to do and no one had even bothered to ask the big question whether they received the things they went there for in the first place.
The ladies were very uncomfortable being so exposed and covered their heads and faces. The men wanted to know what happened but received a very confused tale or nothing at all, as if they just didn’t care to speak of it. They themselves had a lot of unanswered questions. Their emotions ran high on gratitude, as they were so close to home and low when thinking of all they had been through and all they had lost to the point of depression.
It was night when they arrived. Still, their closest subjects were there to greet them with open arms. But even they were a bit taken aback at their condition, what had left just weeks ago was certainly not what had returned. The men were understandable but a princess should never look like that. One onlooker suggested that without their escorts they would have been rejected as outrageous imposters.
Gabe got down from his horse and complained, “Oh! I’m bowlegged for the rest of my life. I think I dislocated my behind.”
As Blair help Carla down, she frowned at him and asked, “Sweetest, is that dust or gray hair?”
He replied, “I’m sure a warm bath in the healing waters should be quite revealing.”
Gabe helped Nina dismount and with a very loud sigh she announced, “Heavens, I’m so happy to be home, I could just kiss the ground.” She turned to her sister, “Instead I’ll kiss you, my sister.” Somewhere along the long ride, Carla had acquired three large pimples. Finding a clear spot, Nina gave her a peck on the cheek, “It’s kind of the same thing.” She grimaced. Carla smiled, little did her sister know, she had acquired quite a few herself.
Von had unloaded Donna and was off.
Upon entering the palace, a handmaid approached Nina, “My lady, it’s so wonderful to see you home. Do you wish me to wake your children? They have been most anxious to see you.” Nina gasp and quickly demanded she banish the notion as she planned to be soaking in the healing waters for at least three days. “I don’t want to frighten the poor dears.”
The four stood side by side, staring at the seemingly insurmountable… the grand staircase. It was that bad, they actually questioned whether they could survive the climb.
Blair cried out, “Just think what awaits you up those stairs. The last one to the top is an old hulyee.”
But Carla quickly conceded, “Okay, I’m it. Nothing is going to make me race up those stairs.”
Then Gabe cried out, “The last one up those stairs will be stripped naked as you are, and locked out in the halls for everyone to see.”
Suddenly there was a burst of energy they hadn’t felt in days. They climbed, fell, tripped over one another, whimpering and laughing, they hand foot crawled up the stairs to the top. Moments later a servant arrived and was stunned to find them out of breath on the floor. He announced that their bath and a physician was ready and waiting.
• • •
Donna sat at a small table with her head down. She was awakened when someone’s finger gently pulled the hair away from her face and tenderly kissed her on the forehead. “Mother?” she asked.
Von shook his head no, “Nothing.”
He took a seat just a few steps away in a large throne like chair. It was so late it was quiet and their voices bounced off the walls. Von reached out his hands for her to come and join him in the oversized chair. Without straightening up she wandered into his lap.
Cradled in his arms staring at the grand staircase, she had a whimperly giggle, “You should have seen them crawling up the stairs.”
“Where are they now?” he asked.
“In the healing bath, I suspect.”
“All of them?”
“Humm.” She answered.
“I think we should wait.”
“Agreed! How about the royal bath?” She perked up.
“No, I don't want to bother them right now.” He frowned, then snickered, “So they crawled up the stairs. Ha, that’s going in the books, let them try to stop me.”
“Well look at it.” Donna whined, “I can’t make it up them either.”
“I’m sure we can find someone to carry you up.”
“But the only one I trust to carry me is you, my love.”
Von’s body went limp, his head fell back and arms fell to his side as if he had fainted. Donna giggled. “How about, I have a better idea.” He smirked.
• • •
It was a short ride to the source, the healing lake itself. It was the middle of the night and the moon was still high. The water luminesced if you swished it and there wasn’t another soul around, except a toed or two. They found a romantic warm water alcove and floated restfully as the tingling sensation of its healing covered their entire bodies. Von found it reminiscent of his past when these waters had saved his life. They made that night a new wonderful memory, that they would write in their own personal book.

45.
GOOD MORNING
Down a narrow dark hallway, behind closed doors you can hear growling, snickering and giggling. Without knocking, the door opens. Donna is still in her nightgown, on the bed, on her hands and knees. Von has her by one leg. They are frozen and stunned with delight at the sight before them.
Donna now sported a thin streak of white hair and Von had white sideburns. Mother stood before them for the first time since they returned. With their wide eyes fixed on her, she greeted them with a smile, “Good morning.” And a head full of snow white hair. She snickered all the way out and shut the door behind her.
As she made her way back down the narrow dark hall she could hear, Now, where were we? Then, Growling… ouch, Donna! Then more giggling and snickering.
THE END

The Queen sat down at a table with an old woman. Above a silver tray, she held her hands full of gemstones, pearls, and golden marbles. She let them go to fall where they may. To their shock and horror, a pearl popped off the tray, on to the table and onto the floor. Kissna covered her mouth and held the gasp as the old woman whispered “Murder.” In book 5.

Stargazerstories.com
P.D. Stargazer @ Facebook.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/doithere

