 VENDETTA

Descendants Saga – Crisis Sequence
Crossover Novel

By

James Somers



Smashwords Edition
2014© James Somers
www.jamessomers.blogspot.com

Discover other titles by James Somers 
This Ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. All characters and events are fictional except where taken directly from the Holy Bible or World History





Because VENDETTA is the final novel in the Descendants Saga and also the Prologue to the Crisis Sequence, I am giving it away free to celebrate the end of one very fun series and the beginning of another.

Since VENDETTA is also a CROSSOVER NOVEL I’ve included the VENDETTA: CRISIS SEQUENCE cover here so that readers and fans will know what to look for with the next series. I hope you enjoy this finale and join me for the follow up series with a whole new cast of characters.

Don’t forget to check out the cover for 
CRISIS SEQUENCE: RAGE at the end of this novel

For Audible.com fans and those who enjoy Audio Books:
Descendants Saga Novels are now available at Audible.com
And Don’t Forget—

The Realm Shift Trilogy Audio Books
Perdition’s Gate Audio Omnibus Edition
Serpent Kings Saga Audio Omnibus Edition

www.audible.com


Amazonia

Lush rainforest spread out beneath Lucifer in every direction toward the horizon. He floated down beneath the upper canopy of flowering trees. The month was December. The year 1943.
A glorious freedom to plan and work toward the fruition of those plans kept the fallen angel giddy these days. He did not miss the old rivalry with Black. Not even a little.
Over two decades earlier their sibling rivalry had ended in the city of Trinity created upon the spiritual plane by the three cherubim. Black had been kept preoccupied while Brody West crept upon the angel with Malak-esh in hand. An angry, vengeful thrust of the blessed sword through Black’s mortal host had been quite enough to finish the job. Black had been cut off from the mortal plane, drawn backward into Tartarus never to be heard from again.
The cherubim had likewise been cast into the angelic prison where they too awaited final judgment. All that they had remade upon the spiritual plane had been washed away by the Almighty and his heavenly host. Only a void remained now. It could be used for traveling, but there were no longer any destinations there.
Lucifer remained free to do as he pleased. He had kept Southresh attached to the mortal plane since the mad god continued to prove useful to his plans, particularly in the matter of relations between Adolf and the Japanese. However, should he turn from his service, Lucifer would cut the ties that bound Southresh to the world and be rid of him.
Dense foliage surrounded the angel as he drifted forward. Ungurahui and Rubber trees abounded in the rainforest. Lucifer noticed quite a few Walking Palms seeming to creep sluggishly upon their long stilted roots. Others, growing shallow in the soil, were supported by extensive buttress root systems.
Red Howler monkeys whooped high up in the canopy. A jaguar had pounced upon a capybara beside a stream and was busy taking its fill of the large rodent. A hungry ocelot watched the jaguar feeding, coveting the kill but not daring to tangle with its larger cousin over its meal.
Golden Lion tamarins swung from branch to branch unconcerned at the moment. Dwelling in the upper canopy, they had little to fear from such predators. A three-toed sloth lumbered along a branch nearby at its snail’s pace, a single baby clinging to its mother’s mossy fur. The ocelot kept an eye peeled, hoping for a fortuitous fall.
Lucifer took all of these rich details in, gliding through the air. The animals may have sensed him, but none could see him at the moment. He did not wish to spook the people dwelling here in the Amazon.
Flying insects buzzed through the humid jungle. Snakes of numerous varieties slithered and slinked across the jungle floor, or through the branches of trees in search of prey. But none of these concerned the angel at all, though his movements seemed very much like them.
It did not take him long to find what he was looking for. A group of Indians were huddled together among the ground foliage, peering up into the canopy. Their red skin contrasted with the greenery, but with their meager garments and body paint the effect was diminished so that they blended well enough.
A howler had spotted them despite their camouflage. The simian lookout began to call out to his group, warning them of danger below. Lucifer watched as one of the Indians leaped into the air, soaring high into the canopy after the monkey.
The howler attempted to flee, but the lithe Indian took off after him, branch to branch, leaping and flying through the air. After a furious chase that lasted mere seconds the Indian proffered a crude knife. A moment later the monkey screeched out its last breath.
The body dropped from the tree where it had been killed, hitting the jungle floor about thirty yards from the huddled Indians. They moved quickly and quietly to get the beast before another predator came after it. The last thing they wanted to do was fight with a jaguar over their dinner.
The Indian who had made the kill floated gently down beside his fellows where they were gathered around the carcass. The bloody knife was put away as he touched down upon the ground again. None of his companions seemed to find anything unusual about the Indian’s ability to defy gravity in this way. Nothing could have been more normal to them.
Lucifer smiled, revealing himself to them. They were startled at first. Who wouldn’t be at having someone like Lucifer suddenly appearing before you? Especially when you had, only a moment ago, been under the impression that no one else was around.
Still, they did not attack. They knew better than that. He was known to them already, though not under the friendliest of terms. After all, knowing one of the Fallen did not mean you looked forward to their arrival at your door, or jungle, as the case happened to be presently.
He had appeared in the garb of a gentleman. By his polished dress, Lucifer might have been out to a fine restaurant in Paris, or a Broadway play. He seemed completely foreign to this environment, which was how he liked it. The better to make these folk uncomfortable in his presence. Set them ill at ease, off balance, through his unpredictability. When people became anxious they often made mistakes—blunders that he could then exploit.
Standing among the undergrowth in his black suit with the red cravat, he leaned slightly upon an ebony walking stick with a silver serpent’s head knob on top. The Indians never took their eyes off of him. They were tense, possibly expecting the worse. Lucifer might as easily kill you as look at you, and all with a smile upon his face.
He allowed them to linger in this uncertainty for a moment before addressing them. There was a noticeable shudder from the group when his lips parted to speak. He smiled in his easy way like a wolf among sheep.
“Take me to Luxana.”



Gladstone woke with a start. A terrible dream had overtaken him during the night. Though it was difficult to remember the details, he did feel that he had been running. In danger for his life somehow.
The house was cool during these early morning hours. Spring had come, but this day in April would apparently be overcast. Apart from the meager light from a dim gray cast sky, Gladstone’s large house in Highgate stood in relative darkness.
His heavy velvet curtains were drawn almost together across the high window. A single bar of light issued through across the polished wooden floor. The aging prime minister sat in his poster bed, breathing away the last vestiges of his night terror.
Noises of unknown origin came to him. Gladstone stopped breathing momentarily, listening intently. It did not sound like the bustling of his servants. In fact, even with his acute elf’s hearing, he could not find the voices he usually heard at this time each day. 
Rothschild, his butler, would normally be on his way with breakfast by now. Yet, Gladstone could discern no sound emanating from his kitchen on the floor below. No footsteps resounded from the halls beyond his bedchamber door.
Yet, there was some sort of noise. It was hard to discern the nature of it. A thrum that seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere. No matter which way he turned his head, the sound was there.
Inquisitive, Gladstone scooted to the side of the bed. He called for Rothschild. No answer. Stepping down into his slippers beside the bed, he pulled his robe from a hook on the corner bedpost and put it on. The incessant thrum remained.
He crossed the room to his bedchamber door and opened it. Peering out around the door frame, Gladstone saw no one in the hall beyond. An ornately woven narrow hall carpet ran to either end before him. Every door along the corridor was closed. The thrum remained, though it seemed to have changed in pitch a little.
Gladstone called to Rothschild again. No answer. He repeated his call to anyone who might be within earshot. His voice boomed through the house unimpeded. No one replied.
Now, Gladstone was growing a bit angry. His anxiety level was only increasing, mostly because of how peculiar this all seemed following his night terror. Coincidence possibly. But, as an elf, he didn’t believe in coincidence much. He knew what things lurked in dark places, or beyond the veil of human sight.
Only the tick tock of the large grandfather clock standing in his dining room below cut through the steady and unidentified noise. Gladstone grumbled to himself and crossed the hall much like a soldier running from one safe place of cover to another. He peered down the curving stair toward the landing below. There was no one visible, no moving shadows.
He made his way down the stair, going gently, trying to remain as quiet as possible. When Gladstone came to the lower landing, standing now upon black and white tiles, he noticed that the noise had increased a little more in pitch and volume. 
He turned toward the vestibule and the sound diminished slightly. Turning back toward the ballroom at the back of the house, the noise increased again twofold. Apparently, the source was there.
Gladstone found that he could not resist. He had to know if this was dream or reality. What was going on? Had everyone disappeared, or would a simple explanation present itself?
He stepped lightly, heading through the short corridor that bypassed the kitchen on his right and a formal dining room on his left. At the far end, the carved wooden doors to the ballroom stood open, as they usually did. Beyond, wall sconces on the octagonal wall of the chamber illuminated the ballroom in warm yellow light.
Every step closer brought a change in the noise he had been hearing. When he walked through the door, what had gradually begun to sound like a distant scream muffled beneath a feather pillow, erupted into a full blown howl and stopped.
Before everyone of the three large windows was hung one of his servants. The curtain cords had been wrapped around their necks. His portly female cook, Gladys, as well as her two teenage sons who worked on the property, dangled from the ropes like rag dolls. 
Only Rothschild was missing. Could he have somehow perpetrated these heinous acts? It hardly seemed possible. The man was easily in his mid fifties.
However, as Gladstone stood in the center of the polished wood floor, gazing in horror upon his servant’s corpses, blood splattered lightly upon the ground at his feet. He looked down to see what it was first. Then he cast his eyes up toward the massive chandelier that dominated the room.
Rothschild’s battered and bloody body slid out of the chandelier arms, falling onto the floor before him. Gladstone leaped backward, screaming now. He suddenly realized he was in the house with a vicious killer. This did nothing for his screaming.
The ballroom doors suddenly slammed shut together behind him. No one was there. Laughter began to fill the room. Gladstone searched in every direction, but found no one there—at least, no one visible.
“Who are you?” he cried, wanting to back away, but not knowing which way to go. The voice cackled maniacally, mocking his fear.
And then someone tapped his shoulder.
Gladstone turned, instinctively firing off a plasm of energy from his fingertips. Southresh stood there in his Japanese host Toshima, waving the attack away as inconsequential.
“Guess who?” he cackled, seizing Gladstone by the throat.
This was it. His day had finally come. After all of these years, trying to serve faithfully as Britain’s Prime Minister, Gladstone was going to die at the hands of an abomination. But, while the angel had taken hold on him, he had not actually killed him yet. Gladstone’s eyes opened cautiously.
“It’s not quite time to die,” Southresh said, grinning. “Lucifer wants something from you. And if you don’t deliver, I’m to get creative in your demise. I have a very vivid imagination.”
Gladstone quivered in his grasp. “What do you require of me, my lord?” he asked, hoping his quick obedience might save his life. The last thing Gladstone wanted to experience was a creative death at the hands of the mad god.
Southresh smiled gleefully. “Lucifer wants you to surrender England, beginning with London.”
The request shocked Gladstone. “Surrender? You mean to Hitler?”
“Of course to Hitler,” Southresh said harshly. “Who else?”
Gladstone stammered, as though he might consider making some sort of protest. Southresh glared at him, waiting, probably hoping for the worst. The mad god was like a rabid dog on a chain—just itching to be set loose.
“What is your answer, Prime Minister?”
Gladstone swallowed with difficulty. His throat felt parched. Still, there was no use in delaying his answer. How could he possibly do anything else but what Lucifer had demanded? To refuse would mean death. And then Hitler would come to take what he had withheld anyway.
The aging Prime Minister nodded, swallowing again.
Southresh released the elf, straightening. “Pity,” he moaned softly. “We could have perpetrated the stuff of nightmares together.”
Gladstone couldn’t help but gulp audibly. He was sweating just thinking about what the mad god might have done to him. His torment would no doubt have lasted for days, or longer, the angel drawing out his agony with great care like a conductor leading an orchestra toward some magnificent crescendo.
Finally, he gathered his voice again. “How shall I do this?”
Southresh grinned. “Don’t worry, Gladstone. Lucifer will make it easy on you. The next bombing campaign against London will give you ample opportunity to give over control while saving political face. Hitler will probably even allow you to stay on as an administrator while he reshapes London society.”
Gladstone found this some small consolation, despite having to relinquish his long term in power. Essentially, he had reigned supreme for decades now uncontested. The second world war had only solidified his hold on power, the people fearing any uncertainty that might be caused by bringing in a new face.
Still, allowing Hitler and his Nazis to take control was a nauseating thought. Gladstone enjoyed living among the humans, enjoyed their society. He would rather have lived in London as anywhere else in the world. It suited him. But that would all change when Adolf came to rule here.



Overthrown

Lucifer realized spell casters must have accompanied Luxana and her sprites when they fled the ruined spiritual realm of Galidel. Magical barriers and wards had been erected which the sprites had no ability to conjure. These multilayered energy fields had the effect of shielding the sprites and their new city in the Amazon Jungle.
Passing through this barrier, Lucifer was not startled to see the glamour fall away from the sprites around him. He had been escorted to their village by a group of darkly tanned Indians wearing loin cloths and simple bowl style haircuts. However, their true appearance shown through now.
Beautiful diminutive creatures, with flowing white hair and gazes that could charm humans and Descendants alike, glided before him. Their feet never touched the ground. There was no paint on their skin, which was pale instead of deeply tanned. The Sprites had only assumed these disguises in order to look like the native tribes that dwelled in the Amazon. Actually, they were nothing like them.
The village was housed among the trees as had been the case in Galidel before its destruction during the overthrow by the three cherubim. The sprites had always felt safer off the ground. Of course, their unique ability to defy gravity made this sort of society easy to accomplish.
His escorts lifted from the Earth, rising toward the village proper. Lucifer had no trouble following in like manner. He didn’t even have to employ his wings which were invisible at the moment.
Unlike Wood Elves, who also built their villages and towns among the thick boughs of dense forests, the sprites did not employ any walkways or bridges between structures. Naturally, they had no need for them. And, in the event of an attack, their village would remain more secure.
Homes had been constructed around the trunks with tree branches radiating out through the walls that had been built around them. None of the structures were what he would consider lavish. But they were not sloppy in appearance either. A simple elegance, he thought.
Most of the sprites—there were exactly one thousand seven hundred and fifty three that he could either see or feel—were adorned in no more than wreaths of flowers and the occasional loin cloth. Clearly nothing had changed. This was exactly the way their simple communal society had functioned while in Galidel.
It seemed that all of the village citizens had come out to see. This was curiosity pure and simple. He could sense their fear also. Sprites enjoyed control, and usually they had it in totality within the minds of those who gazed upon them. But this overwhelming persuasion they held over others did not extend to angels. His gaze swept over the crowd, and it was the sprites who in fear looked away.
The crowd soon parted, making way for their queen. When Luxana emerged from her royal retinue, she was dressed in a shimmering gown. Her attire was sheer and not quite transparent, a garment so subtle yet striking that it might have been made from web and silver thread. A thin band of silver alighted upon her head with a single luminescent diamond shining at the center of her forehead.
“As radiant as ever,” Lucifer said, admiring her.
Luxana had aged, at least a little by appearance. However, the years had certainly not ravaged her fine features. She was still exquisitely beautiful. Only the sharp eyes of an angel would have noticed the subtle changes that time had wrought.
Luxana’s mouth remained a grim line on her face. She wasn’t accepting any of his flattery. Truth be told, he had only flattered her to enrage her in the first place.
Lucifer had come to this jungle in order to make a request of the Queen of the Sprites. He had come because of the request made by Adolf, however he knew that Luxana would not honor it. Her negative response would then give way to Adolf’s negative response, and this was the true reason he had come.
Luxana stared at Lucifer with a mixture of fear and loathing in her expression. She had still not replied, had not said a word. The entire village became quite still. Everyone except Lucifer. He was grinning, his eyes sparkling with amusement, waiting for her to speak.
When Luxana finally did, there was a slight tremor in her voice. “Why are you here?”
There. She had asked the obvious.
He smiled.
“I want to employ your services,” Lucifer began. “Sprites are the best mortals for influencing the minds of humans. I want you to persuade the leaders of our adversaries to kill their families, both women and children, and then take their own lives.”
It was an appalling request. Even had Luxana been the cold and calculated mercenary she once had been, it would have still been beyond her to cause men to kill their own children under her control. However, Lucifer happened to know that she was not at all the same sprite his son, Grayson Stone, had once employed. She had a conscience now.
She shuddered at his request, as he had expected. But she did not back down from him. So, she is both weak and foolish, he thought.
Her people looked from his face to hers, waiting for her reply.
“I will not,” she said. “Surely, you knew that already.”
He had.
“I felt I had to ask anyway,” Lucifer said gently, his eyes never leaving hers.
Luxana gave him a puzzled look. “You aren’t going to threaten me, or attempt to force the issue?”
Lucifer appeared a little taken aback. “Would that have helped?”
She mustered her resolve, lifting her chin in reply. “No, it would not.”
“And yet I had hoped,” he lied. “I wanted to spare you what was coming, you know, for old time’s sake.”
Luxana’s eyes darted around to the faces of her fellow sprites. She had noticed the collective gasp. A shiver of fear had run through them all. What was Lucifer referring to? What was coming?”
She returned her gaze to the angel standing before her, forcing herself to remain steady. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Lucifer grinned in his devilish way. “Of course you don’t,” he said. “I didn’t think that you would.”
The queen waited, but Lucifer said nothing more about it. Instead, he was scanned the faces in the crowd, looking over their village among the trees. He seemed uninterested in their conversation now.
“Such a primitive lifestyle,” he remarked. “Why you would remain out here in the jungle, when you have the ability to merge with human society and enjoy its luxuries, I have no idea.”
Luxana waited, looking between her people and the angel. They were growing anxious, wondering what this was all leading toward. But Lucifer simply stood there.
Finally growing impatient, she asked, “What is coming, Lucifer?”
He had been nodding to people in the surrounding crowd, seeming as friendly as could be. Now he turned his eyes back to Luxana, a toothy smile on his face. “Retribution.”
Before anyone could react to this, Lucifer faded away like a mirage in the desert. No flash. No bang. Just gone, leaving behind that final word echoing in the minds of everyone present.



Retribution

Sunlight glinted from the metal fuselage of an aircraft passing high above the thick green canopy where howler monkeys carried on with their cacophonous choruses. Given the huge expanse of the Amazon Jungle, it was not so unusual to have planes occasionally fly over. It was, however, extremely rare for them to leave anyone, or anything, behind.
The aircraft was unremarkable. A common twin engine variety that normally carried freight. There were no particular markings either, no obvious affiliation with any of the warring super powers.
Inside the cargo hold, a single occupant sat on the metal floor, feeling every jarring jolt through the fuselage. The man was of medium height and average build. He wore a pair of tan cargo pants and a black tee shirt that fit well enough to show off his lithe muscular build.
A parachute adorned his back as he stood. A red light with a buzzer came on in the cabin, signaling him to be ready. The jump coordinates were coming up now. The man barely regarded the indicator. He already knew when to jump.
He was a highly trained operative. An elite soldier. A man without pity or remorse. However, none of these characteristics would make the difference today.
It just so happened that this man was carrying something within in him that made him special. He was human, but he was an enhanced human. That was how his Fuhrer had put it. A superman, made in the image of a superman.
The pilot hollered back to him from his chair at the plane’s controls. He was the only other person on the aircraft. A green light next to the red came on as the other went off. It was time.
Without any hint of hesitation, the man ran forward, passing through the open cargo hold door. Gravity and wind fought for possession of his body in a tug of war that dragged him down toward the green expanse of jungle below. He was spread eagle for a moment, plummeting toward the trees.
The soldier pulled the ripcord on his parachute. The flap came open. The wind snatched the silk cloth, threatening to rip it away from him. However, the lines held true, and the soldier was pulled back momentarily from Gravity’s monstrous grip. His plummet toward death had been reduced to a steady descent.
Monkeys screamed warning cries as he approached from on high. They leaped away from the tree where he was clearly going to crash. Most likely, he would be tangled and trapped high in the canopy, unable to get down to the jungle floor.
However, this man wasn’t concerned. Just before his chute would have dropped with him into the high branches of the jungle canopy, he released the buckle, sliding out of his parachute harness. Gravity yanked him down fast as the wind wrenched the chute away, sending it gliding off like a ghost in flight.
The soldier passed through a maze of branches before reaching out to take hold of one sturdy enough to support his weight. He caught hold, his fingers and forearms straining with the effort. Normally such a maneuver would have torn muscle and snapped bone. But his enhancements prevented such damage now, and he was grateful for it.
The branch gave way, bending with his one hundred and eighty-four pounds. The trunk of the tree, however, exerted its own rigidity, resisting the pull of gravity on its branch. The soldier swayed in the air, gripping the branch while looking for another nearby.
Hand over hand, he moved laterally on this limb, and then dropped to grab another. Closer to the trunk of the tree, he maneuvered through limbs where they jutted out from the main body of the tree closer together. Quick progress was made, and he soon found himself on the leaf-strewn jungle floor amid thick foliage.
The soldier sniffed the air, inhaling deeply. He had been given a scent to seek after. Again, only his enhancements made it possible for him to actually recognize the smells of the jungle and differentiate them from one another. Without them he might have noticed only two or three very strong odors in such an environment. He was like a hound now, and his master was expecting results.
Eyes closed, sifting through the information his nose brought to him, he found what he was looking for. The soldier’s eyes snapped open reflexively, finding his direction. Instantly he shot away through the jungle after his prey.



Luxana did not know what to make of Lucifer’s odd behavior or his threatening pronouncement. It almost seemed to her that he had made his initial request with the hope that she would refuse him. Perhaps this retribution he had spoken of, just prior to vanishing, had been the real cause for his coming. If so, why did he then leave them without violence?
Her people were just as bewildered by these events as she was. No one knew what to make of the angel’s arrival here in the jungle, especially after so long a time. The sprites had come to believe by now that they were a forgotten people. And that was what they wanted.
The last thing Luxana desired was to become entangled in further strife among the Descendant clans. Too much damage had resulted already. She liked the idea of being swept up within human conflicts, like this second world war, even less.
The Amazon Jungle had been the perfect place to get away from it all. Here they had been able to put the past behind them and start over. The jungle was akin to their former home of Galidel on the spiritual plane, howbeit more treacherous. Naturally, this kept most of the tourists away.
The jungle also provided all that they could need. Food was plentiful here, and fertile plots had been sown with seed to create lavish gardens and orchards for fruits. Meat was also in abundant supply, and the sprites enjoyed a protein rich diet of monkey and capybara with anaconda gumbo on special occasions.
They had spent several decades in the Amazon since the release of the cherubim on the spiritual plane and the subsequent destruction of their world. And they wanted nothing more now than to be left alone, separated from the troubles of the world, where they could dwell at peace. But Lucifer’s arrival had spoiled all of that.
Sprites were not forgotten after all, as they had hoped. The Fallen still knew how to find them. And where these wicked angels inserted themselves, trouble was never far behind.
Mere seconds had passed when the first cries of distress came to Luxana’s ears. The villagers were still huddled together, murmuring about the cryptic manner of Lucifer’s visit and departure while attempting to ascertain what it all must mean. The first she heard were shouts of warning silenced quickly. The next she heard came as shrieks of horror.
Warrior sprites attempted to make their way, flying over the crowd in the direction of this sudden disturbance, even as others retreated. They found that a man had emerged from the jungle, pouncing like a panther. He was so quick—much faster in his movements than a human should be.
Luxana hovered high, trying to get a good view of this interloper. She saw a soldier crashing through sprites like some crazed juggernaut. Her warriors were there to oppose him, but the soldier barely regarded their interference. Their slight bodies made them like children to this man.
What made no sense at the moment was why he was still coming. Clearly her warriors had attempted to ensnare the man’s mind with their angelic gazes. But this soldier kept coming, as though nothing at all could stand in his way.
Humans and Descendants alike were not immune to the wily charms of sprites. At a sprite’s command, almost anyone would gladly take their own life, or that of another, without hesitation. But something was wrong here.
Already others had realized that their efforts were in vain. For whatever reason, the soldier went unaffected by their powers of persuasion. Luxana and her warriors retrieved swords and bows from an armory kept close at hand. Tears came to her eyes, hearing the screaming pleas of her people in the throes of death.
They flew at the man, weapons in hand. Several of Luxana’s more adept warriors attacked with swords. The soldier dodged away and then back at them, disarming two at a time with crushing blows. He took up their weapons, becoming even more dangerous than he had been while unarmed.
Bowmen sent a volley at the soldier at Luxana’s order. The soldier dashed aside among more sprites, the entire village a chaotic mass of frightened lambs trying to escape the slaughter that had suddenly come upon them. It was hard to tell where the man was at times, causing many who fled from him to actually run toward him.
More arrows were fired, but the speed of this assailant and the ensuing chaos caused sprites to be killed with every volley. Even though the soldier had been hit a few times, he had not stopped. The arrow shafts were pulled out or snapped off. But he kept on killing.
Then Luxana realized what she had not noticed before. The man’s gaze was dull. His eyes did not focus upon any particular target. He was blind.
Lucifer had chosen his assassin well. This soldier was particularly suited to this job. Being blind, he was not subject to the power of sprites which, apart from mild telekinesis in some, was primarily invested in their beauty and persuasive powers. Terror struck her, understanding that her people were all but powerless against this killer.
Sprites fled into the jungle while the brave remained, unwilling to let this murderer chase them away. Luxana was among them. A contingent of her warriors attempted to shield her, keep her from the fight. After all, she was their queen. They could not afford to lose her.
However, those who made the attempt to stop this human gone berserk were quickly dispatched without mercy. The blind assassin cut them down like wheat before a scythe. There was no chance of overpowering him. He was too big for them. There was no chance of out maneuvering him. His other senses apparently more than compensated for his lack of sight.
Her people were dying all around her. Luxana felt dumb and mute. She had stopped calling orders to her soldiers as the situation turned into pure chaos. How could this have happened?
Luxana had failed. She was nothing more than a useless figure head. She had no idea how to stop this man whom Lucifer had sent. And she had no doubt that the angel had been the one to send him. His timely arrival just after Lucifer had threatened her and then vanished? It could not be coincidence.
She drifted down to the ground in her despair. Pixies lay dead or dying no matter which direction her gaze fell. Others ran frantically. The frenzied melee had caused lanterns to be shattered, their fire spreading quickly to begin consuming the trees where they had their homes. The remains of her meager kingdom were literally going up in smoke.
Then Luxana mustered the vestiges of her strength. She was not so young as she had once been, but she could still fight. She might still be able to kill this individual and stop the slaughter of her people. At the very least, she had to try.
Getting her legs under her again, Luxana stood to her feet. This she rarely did, since sprites tended to fly rather than walk. But she strode toward the man, even as he was busy intercepting her frightened citizens and destroying them.
Luxana raised her sword and ran at him, hot tears running down her cheeks in anger. The blind eyes did not react, but the head turned, hearing her approach. She noticed the slightest wrinkle of his nose, somehow in recognition.
At the last moment, he dodged sideways, hammering her arm with his own. The sword dislodged, clattering to the jungle floor. She winced at the pain. When she looked up at him, a fist pummeled her into unconsciousness.



The world was dark. Luxana felt pain radiating throughout her skull. She smelled burning and vaguely remembered that their homes among the trees had been set ablaze. Sound was muffled and distant.
Gradually, her eyes opened, allowing light to filter in though it hurt to do so. She felt the leaves and cool earth beneath her body. She was lying on the jungle floor.
Luxana’s eyes opened. Dead eyes stared back at her, causing her to start at the sight. Despite the aching throughout her slight body, she moved to put any distance she could between herself and those eyes.
The dead gaze belonged to a sprite, one of hers, who had still been alive hours ago. Before she could survey the rest of the scene around her, a strong hand grabbed hold of the back of her clothing, hauling her to her feet. Her eyes focused upon a man standing before her.
She did not recognize this person. The one holding her firmly in place was the same blind soldier who had killed her people. But this man was different. He could see her, his eyes already boring into her from ten feet away.
The man wore a dark uniform with a red armband bearing some sort of symbol within a white circle. Luxana did not recognize the symbol. She had been living in this jungle since the sprites had escaped Galidel’s destruction.
He possessed a single square of facial hair sitting on his top lip and a head of dark hair, receding slightly, combed to one side. He scowled at her. Whatever this had been, he was connected to it, and it appeared to be personal.
“Who are you?” Luxana demanded, trying to pull away from the blind soldier. 
It was no use. His hand was like a vice, much too strong. Rough calluses grated against her delicate pale skin. His hands and arms—literally his whole body—was caked in dried blood. Looking to the ground where hundreds of her sprites lay dead or dying, she knew exactly where it had come from.
The man in the dark suit did not regard the catastrophic loss of life. He simply stared at her, beginning now to step closer. His hands were clasped together behind his back.
“Why have you done this?” she demanded again.
“Do you happen to remember Anai?” the man asked.
Luxana was bewildered by the question. What could she possibly have to do with this?
“Anai is my sister,” Luxana said. “Have you done something to her? Where is she?”
With blinding speed, the man slapped her across the face, causing her to reel to her left side. Only the grip of iron upon her arm kept her from falling. Luxana could taste blood in her mouth now.
“She is dead,” he said.
Luxana started to cry out, to spit at him, shout or scream—she didn’t know what. Again, his open hand battered her, this time on the other side of her face. She staggered, but the arm held her firm.
“You killed her.” He was attempting to keep his voice calm, but his contempt still shone through.
“What?” she said, the blood in her mouth now staining her teeth. “Anai is dead? But how?”
“Because her beloved sister didn’t bother to warn her of the coming destruction of Galidel,” he said. “You left her and her son to die.”
Then it struck Luxana. A familiarity. “Adolf?”
Adolf grinned. “Figured it out finally? But then you wouldn’t expect to see me, would you? We were meant to die, after all. But you failed.”
Luxana tried to shake off the fog enveloping her mind. Her head was throbbing from the blows she had been dealt. “Adolf, Lucifer has caused this,” she attempted to explain. “He was just here. He probably told you all sorts of lies—”
“Enough,” he said. “Without Lucifer, my mother and I would have died. And now that fate has finally come to you and your followers.”
Adolf raised a Luger 9mm pistol, aiming at her head. Luxana was looking down the dark barrel. She tried to speak, to explain herself, but her mind was muddled now. She couldn’t get the words out.
“Having trouble speaking?” Adolf asked.
Luxana was surprised by this. Did he actually have the power to mesmerize a sprite. She couldn’t focus. Only his words came through clearly now.
Adolf smiled. “This must seem ironic to you,” he said. “I wonder how many times you forced the will of individuals so that they shot themselves. And now it’s you that’s looking down the barrel of a gun.”
“Adolf—”
His smile vanished, leaving only grim determination. He had been waiting a long time for this. Retribution.
Adolf squeezed the trigger. The weapon recoiled a little in his hand with the shot. Luxana collapsed, falling away from the grip of the blind soldier.
He looked at the assassin. “You did well today, Corporal.”
The soldier began to speak, but Adolf moved the barrel toward him. Being blind, the man didn’t notice. Adolf fired again, killing his guinea pig. 
This had been another successful experiment. However, the serum still wasn’t perfect. Blind soldiers might have done well enough for something like this operation, but they wouldn’t survive long on a battlefield.
Adolf surveyed the village. Some of the sprites were still alive, but mortally wounded. He left them on the ground. The predators in the jungle had to eat too, after all.
He rose into the air using his power of flight. Some of the sprites had fled into the jungle. No matter. He had come for Luxana. The rest had merely been killed in order to destroy her spirit before she died. Whatever it took to meet his goals. As far as Adolf was concerned, the end justified the means.



Mercenary

Cole was the one who answered the door at their Lakefront home in the city of Kingston, Tennessee in the United States. He did so with great caution. They had settled here years ago in order to get away from the world of Descendants. It had proven more difficult than expected to find a place away from that world. However, America was still a very young nation by comparison, and so they had eventually ended up here, finding a remote location away from larger cities where they could observe the world in a somewhat detached manner.
Brody was presently here at the house but asleep. He still visited various people around the world, but his health had never recovered to its former state following Adolf’s attack upon him during our time in the city of Trinity. His lion’s head cane had, over the years, become less of a weapon and more of a crutch to lean upon. Compared to his former glory, the man seemed frail.
Cole had taken it upon himself to see to his safety. There were still those who would seek to do him harm. According to Brody’s intuition, which was rarely wrong, Southresh was still present somewhere in the world. In fact, any time that Brody felt his nearness, he drew up stakes and moved them all away to another location.
That was how they had come to dwell here at a lakefront property overlooking the Clinch River. It was remote with only a small town nearby. The nearest true city was a little more than one half hour away. In this place they had remained for nearly five years without Brody feeling that the fallen angel had sniffed them out.
Black had never been seen or heard from again. Quite possibly, Brody’s attack with Malak-esh had done him in. Still, since none of them shared any blood bond with the angel—Black possibly never having had any Descendant children of his own—it remained impossible to tell if he was in the world or not.
Sadie was not home. Presently, she was traveling abroad. One of her attempts at killing Adolf. Unfortunately, she spent a great deal of time doing this.
It wasn’t that she neglected her father’s safety. Sadie simply claimed that Adolf was the biggest threat, and therefore the best she could do for any of us was to use Malak-esh to kill him. Then they would all be safe, and she and her father would be at peace for the loss of her mother.
Honestly, though Cole did love Sadie, he did not believe any of her excuses. Brody had already come to grips with Sophia’s death decades ago. He had no desire to chase about after Adolf or Southresh and had even gone so far as to forbid his daughter to do so.
But Sadie was consumed with revenge. She wanted Adolf killed and she wanted Southresh banished to Tartarus. Admittedly, both goals were laudable. Adolf had proven himself to be a menace to the world at large, and Southresh was almost certainly involved in the war’s progression, even if only from behind the scenes in service to Lucifer.
Adolf had gone on to ascend to power after their bout at Trinity. His attempts at gaining prestige through the German military had seemed successful at first. However, the political climate of the day was not ripe for him, and he had been cast into prison, though this was brief.
When he emerged, malcontent was sweeping Germany. They had suffered in the first world war due to the Treaty of Versailles and were eager for a leader who would restore Germany’s former glory. Adolf had promised to do exactly that.
With the current war it had seemed very much like the way was open before him. Brody and Cole had combed the scriptures, particularly those regarding the Beast of Revelation, wondering if Adolf might be the fulfillment. Opposition which should have come by common sense alone, failed to materialize again and again. Adolf’s power and fame grew exponentially
He drew in other nations with him, Italy and Spain, and more lately Japan. On every hand, sovereign nations around him fell to his will, sometimes without even one shot fired. Still, there were those that opposed him. Britain took the lead in the beginning with France joining and ultimately, surprisingly, Russia.
For a time, the United States had kept out of the matter, leaving it to those across the Atlantic. Neutrality had been the opinion of the day for years. However, a surprise attack by the Japanese, two years prior in December, had ended that position. The United States had immediately entered the war. And, though not apparent at first, Adolf’s power had begun to wane steadily from that time on.
Cole searched through the windows, looking to find if there was a contingent set around the house. He saw no one prowling the grounds. No liers-in-wait among the shrubbery. No hunched individuals creeping across the manicured lawn.
Going to the door, Cole peeked outside through a side window. The feet hovering just above the ground was his first clue that these were not simple salesmen—not human callers at all. To have sprites visiting was a strange thing. 
According to Brody, the sprites had taken up in the Amazon Jungle. Their queen, Luxana, had led them to this remote wilderness in order to live out their lives far from society and the world’s growing problems. Certainly, Cole could see their point with the state of the world being as it was. 
To Cole’s knowledge there remained no animosity between Brody and the Queen of the Sprites. Still, it paid to be cautious, even after so long a time. Sprites were dangerous Descendants, capable of turning a person’s mind against them.
Brody had related to Sadie and Cole the time when he and Oliver James had come upon two sprites within Oliver’s home in Highgate. One of those sprites had been the future queen, Luxana. She had nearly forced Brody to put a bullet into his brain, all the while desiring to do it because he felt it would make her happy. Such is the compulsion sprites can wield against even the strongest minds. Only angels are said to be impervious to their charms. 
It had only been Oliver’s impeccable timing that had saved Brody’s life. After having dispatched the other sprite in the house with a python strangulation, he had arrived to find Brody with the pistol pressed against his temple. He had barely had time to kinetically force Brody’s hand away when the trigger was pulled and the shot fired. A near miss, thankfully.
Brody’s subsequent mercy toward Luxana had moved her to such a degree that she eventually turned on her master, Grayson Stone. When next she caught Brody in her mental snare, instead of killing himself, she had ordered him to use Malak-esh to end Stone’s life. Truly, mercy and grace had won the day.
But neither of these sprites appeared to be the queen. They were dressed in plain looking clothes, the sort worn by folk in this area of the country. Button-up off-white shirts and beige pants with brown leather shoes. They looked about as threatening as a couple of boy scouts.
Cole reached out his hand and produced, from nothing, a pair of sunglasses possessing mirrored lenses. It had been discovered that charms like those employed by sprites could be warded effectively with lenses that reflected their own beauty back at them. This did not diminish their power, nor did the lenses keep you from seeing them. However, the glasses did tend to block their view of your eyes and work to discomfit them by casting their own reflections back instead.
Donning the sunglasses, Cole opened the door with a smile. The two diminutive male figures appeared to be standing upon the doorstep. However, his keen vision saw them for what they actually were: sprites hovering nearly three inches off of the ground.
This was all very weird to be sure. They made their best attempt to seem wholesome and unthreatening. But with sprites, with their unending flat affects, they only managed to come across as creepy.
When they saw the mirrored lenses of Cole’s sunglasses, he noticed a shudder run over them like cold chills. They glanced at one another, unnerved by his appearance, possibly unsure how to proceed with whatever business had brought them here in the first place.
Cole decided to save them any trouble attempting to beat around the bush. “Sprites,” he stated right off. “Now, why would you be here in the United States knocking on my door? Surely, you know who I am and probably who else lives here. So, out with it. What do you want?”
Admittedly, this wasn’t the most polite way to answer the door. Downright rude most would say. But Cole was in no mood. Brody had never recovered his full health, and Sadie was ever frustrating him being gone all of the time in her quest for revenge. If he had a fight ahead of him today, then he wanted to just get on with it.
“Does Brody West live here?” one of them asked.
Cole stood there for a moment before coming to the conclusion that it didn’t matter telling them at this point. Obviously, they knew he was here. How else could they have found them in the middle of nowhere?
“He does,” Cole replied. However, he remained standing in the doorway, peering at them through his mirrored sunglasses, unwilling to ask them in or move out of the way.
They glanced at one another again. The other spoke up this time. “It is imperative that we speak with him. Our tribe has been attacked.”
“In the Amazon?” Cole asked. He was surprised that anyone would bother. There was nothing there to conquer, no land to take. And, if someone had wanted jungle wilderness for some reason, there was plenty to go around. The only other reason that came to mind was revenge, but he couldn’t imagine who.
The sprites answered his question with a simultaneous nod.
“Our queen, Luxana, was killed in the attack,” the first said.
“Do you know who it was? Why they attacked?”
Again, they nodded in unison. The first said, “It was Adolf Hitler.”



The return trip to the Amazon Jungle was a much shorter affair than it had been for the sprites coming to find us after the attack on their village. Brody was the last of them to pass out of the portal he had conjured as their means of transport. As the gateway winked out behind them, they found themselves amid tall palms and other trees from which the elves had constructed an entire town high in the jungle canopy.
A scene of horror opened up before them. Bodies lay bloating in the sun. The humidity hit them, suddenly oppressive, making it difficult to breathe. Even the sprites seemed taken by it.
“The magical wards have diminished already,” one of them said. “It wasn’t this bad when we left two days ago.”
Insects, vultures and rats had already descended on the dead. Brody closed his eyes. It was an awful sight. The sprites had been massacred.
When Brody opened his eyes again, he said, “These wards were conjured by Luxana?”
“No,” the second sprite answered. “By spell casters, but attached to the life of the queen, I think.”
He nodded and then pushed outward with his hand and his power. The rats screeched and skittered away. The vultures rose into the air. Even the flies and other insects left the grizzly carnage as though pursued.
The humidity diminished quickly, and the sun seemed to lessen its intensity upon them. Unfortunately, the terrible odor of death remained. This was grim business indeed. However, they had to know what had happened here and why.
They spent the next half hour surveying the remains of Luxana’s village. All of the carnage had taken place in this centralized area upon the ground. No fighting really among the trees. This surprised them. The sprites were not bound to the earth and would have taken any fighting up high, or so they had supposed.
“Here is the body of the assassin,” one of the sprites said. They still hadn’t gotten their names. Brody had not asked, and Cole had simply assumed their must be some reason why they hadn’t given them.
“That isn’t Adolf,” Cole said when they led them to the body.
“No,” Brody agreed. “In fact this isn’t even a Descendant. And you say this one man killed all of your dead?”
They both nodded.
“How is it that the queen did not ensnare this individual when he came upon your village?” Brody asked.
“The eyes,” the second sprite said, pointing to the man’s face.
The assassin was lying on his stomach in the dead leaves of the forest floor. His head was turned slightly to the side, but Cole could make nothing of the eyes. They were only partially open.
“He was blind,” the first sprite said. “None of our warriors could control his mind.”
Brody and Cole looked up at the two sprites, unsure whether or not they could believe what they had just said.
“A blind man did all of this?” Cole asked.
“I know what you’re thinking,” the second sprite said. “Believe me when I say that we were just as skeptical. But it is true.”
“He fought like no human we have ever seen,” added the first sprite.
“But you mentioned Adolf,” Cole said. “What about him? He did none of this killing himself?”
“Only the queen,” the first said.
“The assassin has a bullet wound to his head,” Brody said. “One of you used a gun on him?”
“Adolf also killed his own assassin, after the queen was dead,” the second clarified.
“Adolf’s mother was a sprite,” Cole said. “His father was Grayson Stone.”
“He was the queen’s nephew,” the second said. “His mother Anai was Luxana’s sister. They lived apart from our community when we were still in Galidel.”
“Why would that be?” Brody asked.
The sprites looked at one another then back to them.
“Because of the shame of her son being a half breed,” the first said. “Luxana and her sister did not get along well following his birth and the matter of who the father was.”
“That could have been enough to spur Adolf to revenge,” Cole said.
Brody nodded. “But I still wonder about the method. A blind human soldier for his assassin? Seems to me, he would have just done the job himself. After all, he is quite powerful. With Grayson’s abilities, he could have easily done this and more. Why send a human?”
“To shame them first?” Cole ventured.
“But why was he blind?” Brody asked. “Surely the man, as a soldier, wasn’t inducted into his army being blind. What good would that be?”
“Which means he was made blind,” Cole said. “Perhaps to keep the sprites from bewitching his mind?”
Brody gave him an incredulous look.
“But how could he have done all of this being blind?” Cole reasoned. “I see your point. It doesn’t make any sense.”
“We’ll take the body with us,” Brody declared suddenly. “I would like Sadie to use her healer’s gifts. Maybe she can shed some light on what was at work in this man’s body before he died.”
“What about our people?” the first sprite said.
“Obviously, you and the other survivors should relocate,” Brody said. “I’m not sure about the matter of revenge. It may be that Adolf’s malice toward your people has been sated with Luxana’s death. Honestly, I’m still not certain that retribution is the sole cause for why he did this or the manner in which he accomplished it. Still, for your safety…”
“Very well,” the second said. “But there are not many of us and our few spell casters were killed in the attack. We would ask your help in establishing new wards to keep prying eyes from a new location.”
Brody nodded to them. “I can take care of that for you,” he said. “As a favor to your queen, I will make the necessary arrangements for you.” Turning back he said, “Cole, I want you to return this body to the infirmary at home. Spell the body to preserve it. We’ll have to wait for Sadie to return before we can get any answers from it. I will go with these two and make the necessary provisions for them.”
“Thank you, Lord West,” the sprites said. “We have set up a temporary camp nearly twenty miles from here. It may even be a good enough location to serve as a permanent settlement.”
Brody nodded back to Cole. He went about spelling the body of the assassin for the journey home. Brody went with the sprites, utilizing another portal that would convey them to the place where the sprites directed. Cole looked around at the dead sprites. In days, the jungle would consume what was left. 
It was a terrible tragedy. However, this strange blind assassin, from the ranks of Adolf’s Nazi army, would be accompanying him back to America. Hopefully, this dead man still had tales to tell.



Sadie

She waited until she was positive this would be the place where Hitler’s procession of vehicles stopped. Standing across the street, Sadie watched intently but discreetly as the three Mercedes-Benz 770K staff cars rolled to a stop outside the traditional German restaurant, Im Fuchschen, in Düsseldorf.
Trucks carrying infantry soldiers parked on both sides of the street. The men exited the trucks first, taking up positions all the way up and down the road. No one had disembarked from the identical staff cars so far.
Sadie knew from experience that these cars were made more secure by bulletproof glass and reinforced steel plates. She understood this because she had attempted already to destroy one by gunfire and then her own fiery abilities.
Hitler had escaped that day. His car had surged away with spidery bullet impacts up and down the glass and a great number of holes punched through the sheet metal. After a barrage of fire balls hastily thrown after it, the Benz had kept going, trailing flame and smoke as the paint peeled away in strips. The men had remained alive inside.
Finally several of the soldiers stationed outside the vehicles, stepped forward to open the curbside doors of the staff cars. Half a dozen men exited the vehicles, all dressed in similar black military uniforms. The red and black and white insignias, bearing the Fuhrer’s swastika emblazoned their attire.
They were all escorted to the door of Im Fuchschen and inside by soldiers with MP40 submachine guns. The world had by now turned into a much more dangerous place. Even Descendants, few as they were, couldn’t hope to evade machine gun fire forever in a fight.
Technologically, the humans had progressed by leaps and bounds in recent years. The course and character of these two world wars had done much for the development of large scale and small arms. Machine guns fired so many bullets that even Lycans and Breed warriors would have been lucky to stay out of harms way.
Sadie walked through the door of a shop on the opposite side of the street, so that she was out of view. In that fraction of a second when her form seemed to enter the shop and sunlight reflected from the glass of the front door, she vanished. The soldiers on the street, though watching everyone in the near vicinity, were none the wiser.
She had known the layout of the restaurant prior to coming here today. After all, this wasn’t the first time Adolf had dined at this establishment. In fact, the man might have deviated from his routines a little better if he wanted to remain secure from would-be assassins like herself.
Instead, Adolf acted as though no one could possibly touch him, let alone harm him. There was some truth in that idea, she mused. Adolf’s touch was far more likely to be fatal to an assassin than they would be to him. 
However, there were any number of ways to kill a man and a carefully placed bullet from one hundred yards away was usually as effective as was needed. But Sadie would never take that way. She had a personal score to settle and she didn’t want to be a mile off when the light of life left his eyes. Sadie intended to look him in the face so he would know who had done the deed. She hoped the same for the angel Southresh when his time finally came.
The fact of the matter was that Adolf had not killed her mother, but he was all a part of the machinations of the Fallen. He was Lucifer’s man right now and he had been used to massacre millions. If anyone deserved death it was Adolf.
Southresh was probably no better off than a pawn either, but he played his part nonetheless. And it had been the mad god who had actually taken Sophia’s life along with that of the Shade King. The downfall of the Leprechauns had resulted soon after.
To be rid of these two would essentially be the excision of all that had caused ruin in her life. Still, Lucifer would remain. But God’s plan for him was already a matter written in the heavens and indisputable. He would get his, when all was said and done.
Sadie appeared in the restaurant’s kitchen. She did not materialize in her natural form, however, but in the guise of one of the waitresses. She gave little thought to the matter of running into the woman. She didn’t intend on holding this disguise that long.
Coming from the back of the restaurant, Sadie walked past several cooks who paid her only minor attention. A cursory glance and a flicker of recognition and they continued with their work. However, another, possibly the manager on duty, inspected her with some degree of uncertainty.
“Janice?” he asked. “I thought this was your day off.”
Sadie smiled impishly. “And miss the Fuhrer’s visit? I wanted to help, if you’ll have me.”
The man smiled. “Sure, why not.”
Beyond, in the dining room, Sadie could see that Hitler was seated already in a section of the restaurant reserved for special groups. The table was oval in shape and elongated so that twenty people could be seated comfortably. Hitler sat at the head with several lower ranking officers to either side.
A retinue of soldiers from the trucks outside were already stationed around the restaurant and the Fuhrer himself. They all carried MP40 submachine guns strapped across their torsos and held ready before them. The best course of action would be to get in close before striking.
Even from here, Sadie could see the man’s features. He was much older than when they had known one another in Rockunder. Of course, all of them had aged well into adulthood. Sadie would already be considered middle-aged by number, though in appearance she only seemed to be in her mid to late twenties.
Adolf looked older than she did. He had the appearance of a human in their mid-thirties despite being almost the same age as her. Perhaps the guilt from his many evils, or the pressures of losing a war, as he currently was, had mounted to age him prematurely. Maybe it was something else entirely.
She had noticed that her father, seemed much older than he should have for being one of the Sons of Anarchy, a direct Descendant of the Fallen. He had noticed the same. Brody had even postulated that the time of the Descendants must truly be drawing to a close and that their ability to age more gracefully was failing at the same time.
Her father was now officially approaching the ninety-year-old mark. An age that should have been not even mid-life for someone of his heritage, especially considering the kind of long ages that Donatus and Laish had known. Yet, her father looked like a human in his late forties already. Perhaps there was more to his theory than just musing.
If that was indeed the case, that the time of Descendants was drawing to a close in the grand plan of the Almighty, then she had that much more reason to get this business over with speedily. Her father and Cole worried about her, but she felt confident. With the aid of Malak-esh, she would defeat not only Adolf but Southresh as well.
“Janice?”
“Yes?” she said, turning her attention back to the manager.
“Why don’t you take the wine cart out for Francois,” he said, indicating a silver cart with three levels. Several bottles of wine were already chilling on top. The glasses would already be sitting on the table. “He’ll be out to take their orders momentarily.”
“Of course,” she said with a smile, maneuvering around to push the cart out of the kitchen. “My pleasure.”
All eyes were upon Sadie as she made her way to the side room. The soldiers watched her with hawk’s eyes, scrutinizing her. The safety of their Fuhrer depended upon constant vigilance.
But this was a restaurant where Hitler had dined many times. The staff were trusted here. This woman they were seeing had been working here for years. Some of the soldiers knew her from previous visits. Others considered her simply to be no threat—of little consequence. After all, they were military men, trained and heavily armed.
So, there was no difficulty getting close to the man. Adolf only glanced at her approaching the table. She stopped, taking her hands off of the cart.
The power within her itched to be released. Her fingers felt tingly with anticipation. This scourge on Descendants, indeed upon the world, would soon be dead. She would be that much closer to having inner peace—peace she hadn’t known since her mother’s death years ago.
Without a second thought about her actions, Sadie attacked. Fire flew from her outstretched hands toward the Fuhrer. As the blaze ignited, flying out toward him, Adolf’s eyes found her. Orange light cascaded across his face.
Sadie’s expression was that of grim determination. She had known Adolf personally, though they had never been friends. He was a Descendant, but still a menace to society. She told herself that this was for the greater good and she believed it.
Then something unexpected happened. The guards flanking Hitler were engulfed in flames. Her inferno had divided at the Fuhrer and scattered to set his soldiers ablaze instead. He was magically shielded—an ability Adolf had never possessed before.
Sadie’s fury burned as hot as the flames leaping from her fingertips. She had been tricked again. This was clearly another imposter that Adolf had left in his wake. He knew she was seeking to kill him. Yet, he never faced her himself. Adolf was toying with her.
Her disguise as Janice the waitress vanished, leaving her true appearance behind. The soldiers writhed in flame, rolling about on the floor, running blinding into furniture and other panicked members of Adolf’s entourage. Even the kitchen crew were shouting in alarm now.
The remaining soldiers turned on Sadie with their MP40 submachine guns, opening fire. She knew from experience that a shield of the kind she could manage would do little good against their weapons. Magical attacks were one thing, bullets were another. Her father would have been impervious to them, but her power was more limited, save for the fire she could conjure as his daughter.
However, she still possessed the prowess of a werewolf from her mother. Sadie dodged, leaping over the table. Becoming a blur to the soldiers, she moved quickly to incapacitate them, namely with Malak-esh.
Her sword came to her waiting hand. Already the flames were spreading in this area of the restaurant. Several people remained on fire, and the building was now ablaze as furniture and curtains spread the flames from bodies to the structure itself.
Bullets sprayed from the weapons of the Nazi soldiers, peppering the walls where beige wallpaper with curled green leaves had been applied only two years prior. Crystal clear panes in the French doors to the private room were driven through with holes that spider-webbed out through the glass or shattered them completely, leaving shards upon the freshly vacuumed carpet.
Sadie had been standing there only a fraction of a second before. Only the blurred light of her passing remained for the soldiers to fix upon. She was already skirting the table to attack from a flanking position while gunfire pattered through the restaurant sending the staff running for their lives through the kitchen and out the back door.
Malak-esh cut through the soldiers each in turn, dividing their guns before dividing their flesh. Between those on fire and those she dispatched with Malak-esh, Sadie had made short work of Adolf’s contingent. However, the man himself was not simply going to cower beneath the table.
Magical attacks followed her from across the room: lightning and shockwaves that only aided the fire burning out of control in the private dining room. This imposter was most definitely a Descendant, possibly an elf, at the very least a spell caster. These were not abilities she had ever seen in the real Adolf.
Lightning forked out at her, the imposter already backing toward the front of the restaurant keeping the thickly made dining room table between them. The attack was easily absorbed by Malak-esh. The sword could handle anything this spell caster might hurl at her. Even angels couldn’t best this blade. It remained, perhaps, the one weapon they feared.
Soldiers from outside on the street had responded quickly. As yet, only seconds had passed from the time that Sadie had launched her assault. Seeing their Fuhrer in danger, or the one they took for their Fuhrer, they flanked him on either side, firing back into the restaurant as Sadie pursued.
Several shots clattered against Malak-esh. She dodged to the side again, hoping to keep clear of their gunfire. Normally, the movements of humans appeared very slow to her. The same could be said for vampires like Cole. She and he were far faster, making mere mortals seem sluggish in comparison. However, bullets cut through the air at hundreds of feet per second. Too fast to get out of the way.
The trick was to anticipate correctly. The aim was still slow being dependent on human movements. So, a single rifle shot could be determined fairly easy. Just by watching the aim and line of sight, she could be gone before the shot was even fired. Machine guns, with their high rate of fire, made it more difficult but not impossible.
She sprayed the room ahead of her with fire, causing the soldiers to instinctively flinch away. This gave her the opportunity she needed. Sadie cut back toward them and hurled Malak-esh at the imposter. He made a desperate last ditch attempt at defense.
The blade radiated light. Then it hit its mark. The imposter fell. His disguise came away, leaving only a man in appearance. He might still have been an elf. Not all of the clans possessed the tell-tale ears.
It didn’t matter now. It wasn’t Adolf. That much was now certain. The blade protruded from his chest momentarily and then vanished from the wound, leaving behind a corpse that would puzzle the surviving soldiers. But even that probably wouldn’t last. 
Adolf’s power over these Nazi’s seemed absolute. They fawned over him like a god in human form, hanging upon every word as divine revelation. If Adolf suggested that nothing mysterious at all had happened here today, all would be forgotten in favor of whatever he wanted them to remember in its place.
This registered for her in the blink of an eye. With her mission a failure, she dashed away, crashing through the plate glass façade. The soldiers managed to recover as the flames roiled and dissipated. They fired their weapons after her, merely because they had seen something plow through the window.
But she was already gone. Malak-esh had returned to its place in the dimensional pocket near her at all times. The imposter lay dead, wearing Adolf’s uniform with a slim wound in the middle of his chest where blood seeped out steadily. The restaurant continued to burn.
In a few minutes, as smoke ascended above the street, a fire engine would make an attempt at saving the eatery. It would be a futile attempt. Gutted by fire, it would not be reopened. No one would ever know why the waitress had attacked. 
The real Janice would be taken into custody regardless of her pleas of innocence, despite the fact that the Fuhrer had never actually been in attendance. Three days of questioning would end with a quiet execution inside a Nazi military outpost with no answers to their questions. A bullet to the back of the head would close the matter forever. 
  
 
 

Investigation

Cole had only just made it back to the United States with the body of the assassin when he was struck by an epiphany. Sadie was in Germany. There was no way of knowing when she might return. It seemed to him that she was gone these days more often than she was home. If they wanted answers quickly, it was unlikely they could depend on Sadie to get them.
There was also the matter of her skill with the healing arts. She had studied years ago, but her training had never been complete, not by a long shot. Sadie could do minor healings and was maybe only a little better at determining causality. But this was nothing compared to true healers.
A healer spent their entire upbringing studying the arts, apprenticed to an elder of their clan. They were human in appearance and found it easy to blend in with the peoples of the world, though they tended to reside primarily in the Asian nations. Their skills were far superior to anything Sadie could offer.
Brody wasn’t here now to consult with him on the matter, but Cole knew what needed to be done. He would take this assassin’s corpse to the only sect of healers he knew of in the world. In the mountainous region of Tibet, a group had started a monastery hundreds of years earlier. They had taken the semblance of monks to a certain religious order, but all of them were, in fact, Descendant healers quietly studying and practicing their art far away from the prying eyes of the world.
It was near dark in Tennessee and would be early morning there where he had to go. The monastery was really in no place at all. A village with so few people that it didn’t even deserve a name on a map. But Cole knew where he had to go even if it didn’t have a real name in the world, a place just south of Shigatse in Tibet.
Brody had constructed a library here taken from the one in his Highgate home in England. Every volume had been painstakingly removed one winter evening following a recent bombing of the city of London. Brody had grown concerned that his beloved library, which had once been Oliver’s library, might be destroyed should Hitler’s Luftwaffe continue its attacks unmolested.
By a magical transference, Brody had caused all of the volumes in his Highgate home to push out from the shelves and line up. They spent the next twenty minutes filing through the hearth portal from London to Tennessee like a parade of polygons. At the very last, shelves now bare in London and any beloved furnishings already removed from the manor house, the spelled hearth deconstructed itself.
The mortar had crumbled to dust and then, stone by precious stone, it had sucked in upon itself, each river rock coming through the portal until the very last departed. On the other side, within their new home in Tennessee, the hearth had reconstructed itself. From several buckets mixed and waiting, mortar flowed into the spaces between the stones and solidified there.
Cole entered the library with the wrapped body in tow behind him, hovering over the floor like a fish suspended in a tank. He called down a spelled volume containing a history of the region and the name of the monastery found therein. It had been notable in days gone by and so the name was recorded.
“Shalu Monastery,” Cole said to the floating volume.
The book opened on it own, pages flapping by quickly. They stopped where the mention was first made of the monastery. He gave the pages a cursory look just to be sure it was correct. After all, Cole was about to walk through a portal based upon the record here. He wanted to arrive at the right place.
Cole waved the book away toward the hearth. Obediently, the volume flew through the air and landed upon the mantle, activating the portal matrix. Green fire stirred in the hearth which was tall enough to accommodate a large troll if need be. He remembered his friend Redclaw and smiled before putting memories aside. He had work to do.
Cole looked back at the assassin’s body, hoping that it would not be there. The last thing he wanted right now was another mystery to solve. He had had enough of fighting. Cole’s hopes lay with Sadie now, that we might somehow have a life beyond all of these problems. But those hopes remained frustrated.
This body was just one more reminder that their problems—the problems that had dogged them from his youth up—had never gone away. Cole couldn’t have a normal life. He wasn’t normal. Perhaps, he never would be.
He sighed, saying, “Come on then.” He expected no response, of course. He wasn’t quite crazy yet. Just frustrated.
Cole walked on into the hearth and through. Its green fire enveloped him, though there was no pain to it. The flames were simply a manifestation of the power at work within the matrix.
The body of the assassin, wrapped in a canvas tarp Brody had conjured while still in the jungle, followed behind him, going where Cole went like an obedient lap dog. The portal enveloped this as well, never balking at the fact that this person was no longer living. A portal just took whatever you threw into it and carried it along to a point of destination.
Cole emerged in the very chill air washing around and over the Shalu Monastery. It was a very unimposing edifice similar in architectural style to that of the Chinese, their sweeping roofs curving at the ends and adorned with ceramic tiles and figurines of idol gods. The structure was broad horizontally but squat in stature.
The cold bit into his skin, a dry sweeping wind surging through the Himalayas. Cole was now standing in the highest populated area in the world. And, yet, Heaven remained untouchable for man even in this place. Christ was still the only bridge between the mortal and the divine.
Monks were already awake and about their chores in the light of the early morning sun, peeking above the distant horizon in the east. When they saw Cole come through the portal to stand before their temple, they paused. There was no shocked surprise on their faces, only a curiosity lurking behind blank expressionless eyes.
They knew who Cole was or, at least, what he was. These men, appearing distinctly Asian in appearance by birth rather than any sort of glamour, had seen portals many times. Some of them likely had the ability to produce them. They were Descendants, every one of them, which was precisely why he had chosen Shalu Monastery.
On this side of the gateway, the green fire had not appeared. Cole had only materialized from nothing to them. They were not human in the sense that their reflexes would be so slow. He had not come upon them unawares. These monks would have perceived his arrival immediately. Cole wasn’t sure, but they may have even shared a telepathic link. Others within the monastery temple might already know of his arrival.
Cole had suspected telepathy in their ritual for some time, but the subject had never seemed relevant when he had had opportunities to talk with Sadie about it. Those fleeting moments were more precious to him than ever these days. Still, the healers were able to link their minds and their power during their rituals which gave them collectively greater strength than was possessed by any one individual. He hoped they might be able to provide him answers now.
The eyes of the five monks present before the monastery entrance, where they swept the block paths leading inside, darted to the canvas wrap that followed Cole through the portal a moment later. Several cocked their eyebrows. Clearly, the size and shape of this parcel told them it was a body. And, since that body was wrapped head to toe in heavy canvas, it was not a living person in need of their usual blessed healing.
Cole answered the unstated question. “An assassin. I need answers that I hope you and your order can provide.”
Sidelong glances were passed between the monks, all of them deferring to one in particular who happened to be standing closest to the monastery’s main doors. Cole noticed that his robes possibly indicated a higher rank—longer sleeves and an extra bit of color peeking out across his chest. The monk came closer to where Cole stood waiting.
“I am Chetsune,” he said in Tibetan, but did not offer his hand. 
Cole understood languages well as a Descendant, though he did not speak them all perfectly. 
Chetsune looked behind Cole at the wrapped body. “How long has this person been deceased?”
“Not even a full day to my knowledge,” he replied, hopefully.
The monk considered this momentarily and then looked back at his fellows. Chetsune nodded once to the other monks, before turning back to Cole. They came immediately to collect the assassin’s body, guiding the floating corpse on toward the monastery building.
“We will do our best,” Chetsune said, without making promises. “It may be possible to learn many things since corruption has not yet set in.”
“That is all I can hope for,” Cole replied and then followed Chetsune and the other monks inside.
Upon entering the monastery, the monks immediately veered to the right toward an alcove that appeared to have little to no purpose in the construction. Also, there was no room, not even enough for all of them to stand. However, the monk who happened to be first in line ahead of them, made a gesture and spoke a word in Tibetan that Cole did not recognize.
A shimmer crossed the space before the monk and was gone. A portal, Cole guessed, had just been opened. The monk proceeded forward and quickly vanished. The second monk, walking with the assassin’s wrapped body, followed after and was taken also. Chetsune and Cole came after.
Once through, they came into a bright chamber filled with what Cole recognized as spelled light. This illumination seemed to come from no distinct point in the room. It was simply present—photons of such great quantity that light came from every point in the room at once.
In the center of this cylindrical room stood a squat column. Since there was no other furnishings in this chamber, Cole assumed that this must be where the body would be positioned for their examination. Most likely this was the same place where a patient would be brought in order to undergo the healing ritual.
The first monk in line led the body to the pedestal where it hovered over and settled into position several inches above the stone. Cole had been wondering how comfortable such an arrangement could possibly be for a wounded or sick individual, but this seemed to answer his question. An enchantment kept the patient, or body in this case, suspended and also confined within the space of the pedestal.
A moment later, more monks materialized at various places in the chamber, each one making their way to the body. Still, out of all of them, it was Chetsune who appeared to be in charge. The dozen monks in attendance took up equidistant positions around the pedestal with Chetsune at the head.
Each monk took hold of his neighbor’s hands and then bowed their heads. They began to chant in unison, falling into a gentle cadence. Cole, too, closed his eyes and came into sync with their rhythm, concentrating upon the ritual as Sadie had shown him to do. He was still only an observer, but even this much was fascinating.
Opening his mind’s eye to this process, Cole immediately saw the room in an altogether different light. Rather than prominent solid lines for the room, there were indistinct suggestions of boundaries. These seemed to be superimposed with other boundaries that may have represented the rest of the monastery, though Cole had no idea in what relation this chamber sat with regard to the rest of the temple.
The twelve figures in the midst of the room were surrounded by auras of light, each bearing a slightly different color that ran together and merged with the others to envelop the assassin’s corpse hovering above the plinth. Unlike living patients, the dead body did not produce any living aura itself, but only appeared as a lifeless shell of a man.
The combined light of the monks, however, soon penetrated the assassin’s body, probing throughout, questing for the answers that Cole sought about the nature of this killer. He could only guess at what they saw of the assassin’s condition. He was outside of the process completely and blind to the results.



The ritual continued for the next hour before the light returned to the individual monks and they completed the matter. Cole receded back to his body in spirit, opening his eyes to find the room just the same and the wrapped body also. However, Chetsune and the other monks did not look entirely pleased with what they had found. As the others retreated, disappearing again through the portals by which they had come, Chetsune came to speak with him.
“I will give you honesty, if you will do me the same courtesy,” he said by way of an introduction.
A little surprised by this beginning, Cole said, “Absolutely, of course. Is there something wrong?”
He still looked troubled, maybe even perplexed.
“This man was blind,” he began.
“Correct. In fact, this was the primary reason given by his intended victims, the sprites, as to why they could not deal with him themselves. Most of their tribe dwelling in the Amazon were killed including their queen.”
“He was blind, but he was not born that way,” Chetsune continued. “This man is fully human, but his physiology has been severely altered.”
“You believe he was made blind in order to attack the sprites?” Cole asked.
“No,” Chetsune said. “The blindness appears to be a side effect of the process he was put through in order to ramp up his metabolism and the rest.”
“The rest?”
“This human has been altered in order to produce greater speed and strength. His vastly increased metabolism would have required almost constant eating in order to replenish the calories he was burning.”
“This was a soldier sent by Hitler,” Cole offered.
“That is troubling,” Chetsune replied thoughtfully. “However, this man was disposable. He was made to burn out quickly. I suppose after his job was done.”
“Disposable soldiers? That seems pretty inefficient, even for Hitler.”
“Well, this is the result of whatever process he was put through,” Chetsune said. “It likely wasn’t the intention, though. Probably just another side effect. In this case, he was killed anyway, so it didn’t matter.”
“The sprites indicated that Hitler himself arrived after the queen was taken,” Cole said. “Apparently, he is the one that actually killed his own assassin.”
“The bullet to the head?”
Cole nodded.
“Then he never meant for the soldier to leave,” Chetsune said.
“The war has carried rumors of grisly experiments conducted by the Nazis,” Cole replied thoughtfully.
“This fellow might have been an unfortunate coincidence. Hitler saw an opportunity and used it on the sprites.”
“Except for one thing that doesn’t make sense,” Cole said.
“What?”
“Why would he have been conducting experiments upon his own soldiers?”



Return

Cole finished his business with the monks at Shalu Monastery. The mechanism of this transformation still eluded their investigation. They had been unable to determine what method had been used to cause the physiologic changes in the human assassin sent and killed by Adolf. Something at the molecular level, but the biological trail was cold. Maybe if he had still been alive, certainly then, but there was nothing that could be done for that condition.
Chetsune had been concerned about the body—who had been exposed to it and so on. Cole had tried to assure him that only he and Brody and the sprites had been near. As far as touching the man, none of them had. Telekinesis had made it unnecessary to handle the corpse.
“Still, I think it is best that we incinerate the body here,” he had insisted. “It’s possible, though there is no residual radiation, that such energy was used. Or maybe some sort of pathogen. At any rate, we should destroy it and not take the risk of exposing anyone else.”
Cole agreed easily with him. Chetsune assured him that they would take care of the matter. Cole thanked them for their help and the information they had gathered. They offered him a meal which he politely refused, relaying his need to return in a timely manner so he could share their findings. Cole departed from the Shalu Monastery and Tibet the same way he had come.



When he arrived back home, returning through the hearth portal which had delivered him, Cole found both Brody and Sadie standing in the library. They had plainly been speaking with one another. The expressions on their faces told him with one glance that neither of them were pleased with the direction of their conversation.
This looked like the same old argument. Brody attempting to hold on to her for safety’s sake, Sadie pulling away as she sought some consolation for her dead mother. For his part, Cole had always tried to stay out of these melees between them. He could sympathize with them both, after all, and had no desire to take sides uselessly.
The fact of the matter was that Sadie would leave anyway. Nothing either of them had said to her so far had dissuaded her from this need to find Southresh and Adolf and punish them. Cole couldn’t blame her for her feelings, but Southresh seemed, to him, to  be out of reach and Adolf excessive.
The idea that she might find the fallen angel and then somehow outsmart him and dispatch him to Tartarus seemed ludicrous. Oliver James, a man said to be vastly experienced and more powerful than either Sadie or himself, had failed to stop the angel. Not to mention he had never been said to be subject to the kind of emotionalism Sadie was consumed with presently. What hope could she have for success?
As for Adolf, it was true that he had become a blight upon humanity, and he was directly responsible for her father’s current poor health. His campaign to eradicate the Jews was the most heinous of his crimes so far. However, he was no less inclined to destroy anyone who stood in his way toward world domination. But fighting Adolf meant fighting Lucifer, and this alone made the prospect even less likely to succeed than doing away with Southresh.
As they turned their attention from each other to Cole, Brody was overcome by a puzzled expression. Cole knew why, but Brody still voiced his question before he could explain.
“Where is the body?” he asked.
Sadie must have already been informed about the assassin and our first plan to have her examine his body. She didn’t seem surprised by her father’s question.
“Since I wasn’t sure when Sadie might return, I opted to take the body instead to Tibet,” Cole replied.
“To the healers at Shalu?” she asked.
“Yes. I had hoped also that their numbers might enable them to provide a more in depth analysis since we were dealing with a corpse instead of a living being.”
Sadie gave Cole a look that told him she wasn’t buying this excuse. He didn’t want to say that it had anything to do with her limited training in the healing arts. But she likely knew that was part of it, even if he was trying to beat around the bush about it.
Brody was more to the point. “And the results were?” he queried.
Cole settled in on the information. He hoped to leave any unwanted inferences about Sadie’s abilities behind, in addition to the matter of her many and long absences. He had honestly been surprised to find her back from Germany so soon.
“I spoke with a monk there, called Chetsune,” Cole began. “He and eleven other monks performed the healing ritual upon the dead man. Upon its conclusion, Chetsune told me that his physiology had been altered by a means they could not determine. However, he did affirm that the man was completely human despite what he had accomplished.”
“Did they determine why he could do these things?” Brody asked.
Sadie stood by, listening, though still not looking entirely pleased. Cole could tell something was pressing on her mind. Hopefully they would have an opportunity to speak without her father around.
“Chetsune noted that the assassin’s strength and speed would have been greatly increased,” Cole continued. “He did mention, however, that the blindness did not appear to be something that was engineered. Most likely a side effect that Adolf put to particular use against the sprites.”
“And they were unable to determine causality?” Sadie asked.
“Well, perhaps because the man was dead?” Cole offered. “He mentioned the possibility of radiation, but dismissed it almost as quickly since there appeared to be no residual traces in the man’s tissue. Since he was not surgically altered, Chetsune even hazarded a guess that some sort of pathogen might have been employed to bring about the changes.”
“But they found no traces?” Brody asked.
“He did not say exactly,” Cole recalled. “Only that their findings remain inconclusive on that point.”
Brody nodded gravely. He looked tired, worn down. Most likely the matter with the sprites and their new home in the Amazon had taxed him. Brody would have done the spell himself for them. There was no one else to call for it, and he figured he still owed some debt to their Queen Luxana even in her death.
“And the body?” Sadie asked. “Surely, you didn’t allow them to keep it.”
Cole was a bit taken aback by this—more by her tone than the accusation itself. Apparently, matters with Adolf had gone their usual way. Adolf had either not materialized as Sadie had hoped, or he had gotten away again.
Despite her blunt manner, Cole attempted to answer calmly. “Chetsune expressed a need for the body to be burned,” he explained.
“Burned?” Sadie exclaimed in some bewilderment.
“Yes,” Cole continued, determined not to be baited into an argument. “Chetsune was very concerned that exposure to others might lead to further problems. He specifically asked about our exposure to the body before bringing it to them in Tibet.” Cole addressed Brody in particular here, saying, “I gave him permission to burn the body in the interest of preventing any transmission. I hope you don’t mind.”
Brody was about to agree when Sadie interrupted. “But you don’t know that it was a pathogen, and now we’ll never know because they incinerated the only evidence.”
“Sadie!” Brody said abruptly. His fatherly tone had the desired effect of halting her outburst. “We cannot be too careful if a lethal pathogen is involved. Cole did the right thing by having the body destroyed.”
She relented but was not mollified. Brody sighed. All of these matters were weighing heavily upon him. They were upon them all.
He walked over to his daughter plaintively, laying his hand upon her upper arm. “Please,” he said, “let’s not fight amongst ourselves.”
She nodded curtly, but said nothing, her eyes still upon the ground.
Brody leaned forward and kissed her upon the forehead gently. “I need to rest,” he said.
Cole wondered if he actually required the rest, or if this might only be an excuse to give Sadie and him the opportunity to speak with one another alone. Brody had long held out a hope that Sadie would settle down, forget about this matter of vengeance and marry. They had discussed the issue before, and Brody knew of their feelings for one another.
“Before you leave, daughter, please come and say goodbye,” he added.
She nodded again, this time a little more hesitant and her eyes rose to meet his. Brody smiled, kissed her again on the forehead, and then vanished cleanly from the room. No smoke, no lights, or theatrics of any kind.
Sadie’s eyes then found Cole’s. “I’m sorry,” she said.
He sighed, not a little relieved, though still tense because of the brief altercation. They were standing only a few feet apart now, but he could sense a great distance between them. The only time this feeling abated was when she was actually gone, her presence a constant reminder of the state of their relationship.
“No need to apologize,” Cole said, attempting to smile a little. Then, because he felt the question could not be avoided, he asked, “So, you’re leaving again?”
Cole was attempting not to make it sound like an accusation, especially after having words only a moment ago. It was, however, difficult to make it come out any other way. She had been gone more than present since they had come to live in the United States, always traveling abroad, tracking her elusive prey.
Her father and Cole had often spoken of this, both of them worrying for her safety. No doubt, as this behavior continued, with no relief brought about by success, Sadie would naturally grow more bold in her attempts. Her own safety would be sacrificed for any last ditch gambit, and Cole privately wondered when the day would come that she would not return at all.
Sadie nodded without replying, as though she had been insulted. “I’ve told my father already,” she said. “I’m traveling to Japan.”
“Not Berlin?”
“Southresh is in Japan,” she said. “I believe he is still using his previous host, Toshima. I have intelligence to that effect. No doubt he has the Emperor’s ear. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was the reason why the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor two years ago. Who else could have persuaded them to risk bringing the Americans into the war by so brazen a move?”
Cole considered it, nodding slightly. “I’m sure you’re right,” he replied. However, he wasn’t interested in this line of conversation. He wanted to hold her, to persuade her not to leave again. Not even because it was Southresh she intended to find, but because they were drifting apart and it seemed that soon there would be no recovering the closeness they had once known.
Instead of speaking his true feelings, however, Cole backed away from them, retreating to the shameful tactic of using her father’s health against her. “He’s not well, you know?”
Sadie looked up at him. She probably smelled a rat in his comment, but it could not be denied that what Cole said was true. And, equally true, was the fact that, as Brody’s daughter, she shouldn’t be gallivanting about Europe and Asia while he was in such a state. All of these things had, by and by, been stated before, either by Cole or Brody himself—all to none effect. There seemed little point in stating it all again now.
She took two steps toward him, tears held welling in her eyes. “You know that I have to go, Cole,” she said.
He sighed heavily now, reaching out to take hold of her shoulders. “I only know that you will go. You do not have to do this.”
“Yes, I must,” she said. She did not draw away from him. “If I do not avenge them, then I will have no peace. What kind of wife would I make then? What kind of mother?”
“Yet, if you persist in this savage anger, you risk your life and any we could have together.” Cole replied more insistently now. “I have been waiting, Sadie, waiting for years in the hope that we might come together.”
“I’m sorry if I’m not worth waiting for,” she said angrily, half-heartedly attempting to pull away.
“You know very well, that is not what I meant. You only mean to deflect my statements because you are unwilling to face the facts.”
“And what are the facts?” she asked, looking into his eyes steadfastly.
The welling anger ebbed away from him. Cole smiled a little, feeling exasperated. His mounting bluster deflated. “I love you,” he said. “I have for as long as I can remember.”
“I’ve loved you as well, Cole. You’ve always been like a brother to me.”
Shaking his head, he said, “No. I love you. I want to marry you, to raise a family with you. I’ve made no secret about my feelings for you.”
“I know,” she said.
“And do you not also love me? Do you not want to be my wife, to have children together, to give up all of this warfare for a better life?”
The tears which had been building now rolled down her cheeks as she stared into his eyes. Sadie nodded slightly, choking on her next words a little. “I do, Cole,” she answered finally. “But not yet. Not until this is finished. I cannot give myself to anyone right now. I would only hurt you.”
“It’s too late to worry about hurting me,” Cole said. “Every time you leave, I watch the woman I love placing her life and our future into jeopardy. Do you not feel that we are pulling apart? How long can that last?”
“Are you saying that you won’t wait for me?” she asked, genuinely now and not just for spite.
“I’m saying, Sadie, that I fear you will pull so far away from me that you will not care if you return or not. My only hope is that this has not happened yet, that there remains some part of you that wants a life with me and is unwilling to give that future up.”
She softened then and smiled weakly. Leaning forward she placed a delicate kiss upon his lips. “I haven’t given up that future,” she said. “Only, please don’t give up on me. I still have to leave. But my leaving is with the hope of finishing this course so that I may go on to the life you describe, a wonderful life that I would very much like to have. Can you wait for me?”
Cole tried to smile, but it was half-hearted at best. Releasing her, he said, “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll look after your father.”
She nodded and then gave him another small kiss, as though to reassure him of her intentions. Cole received it, but there was little conviction. He did not suppose for one moment that she would ever stop this madness. She would hunt them until they took her life, and he would never see her again. 



Auschwitz, 1945

“Twins Out!” shouted the doctor. He walked the line, his white linen physician’s lab coat flapping behind him. The prisoners in the camp had the notion that this made the doctor appear like an angel with white wings. An angel of death.
Doctor Josef Mengele had taken the position here at Auschwitz nearly six months ago at the behest of the Fuhrer. His experiments required fresher subjects. Auschwitz was receiving trains regularly. The ghettos had been emptied by now as the Fuhrer sought to eradicate the hated Jews.
Hitler had come to Germany as a savior to their people, rallying the Aryan race against the lesser species of men inhabiting the world. Adolf had shown a particular malice for the Jews, something deeper than the scientific evidences found in Darwin’s theories which clearly showed men unequal.
These matters of science had been enough for Mengele. In fact, it was the German race that rightly deserved to sit atop the world as the pinnacle of Natural Selection. It was a proven fact. 
Of course, there were doubters, like the Japanese, who wrongly assumed that they should be the masters of the world. They were mistaken, of course. However, those matters would be settled once this war was won by the Axis powers. The proper order would come to be once Hitler proved himself against the Allies. Despite recent setbacks and miscalculations, he still trusted that the Reich would prevail.
In the meantime, Josef’s experiments were necessary to this cause. He had been appointed to the task of perfecting a serum based upon the peculiar properties of Adolf’s blood. The Berserker Strain was his Fuhrer’s pride and joy. Still, there were also his personal dalliances—his research regarding twins, for example, remained his particular fancy.
He felt that he was on the verge of important discoveries, if only he could reserve time for his own pursuits. Unfortunately, the Fuhrer was scheduled to arrive today. His expectations would be high. They always were. The matter of side effects had never been resolved. There was always some destructive problem, whether blindness, or catastrophic organ failure, hemorrhagic complications.
The subjects never lasted. Even if some were useful for a time, as the blind soldier had been not long ago, they all ultimately ended in failure. Adolf was growing impatient with him. Only his great skill with the manipulation of viruses kept him alive. Truth be told, the Fuhrer needed him.
Emaciated figures did their best to stand at attention. They kept their expressions neutral, their faces downcast lest the doctor’s stern derision cause one of the soldiers to step forward and shoot them dead upon the spot. This was not an uncommon occurrence. No doubt today’s inspection would send the elderly and infirm straight to the gas chambers.
But this was life, such as it was. Those living it still clung to some meager hope that the God of Israel would somehow deliver them from the genocide come upon them. Though, day by day, as they toiled at useless work beneath the ash cloud from the ovens, that hoped waned.
Mengele searched the lines. There were no twins in this lot so far, and he was nearly finished. This perturbed him. He wanted to at least secure one set of new subjects before the Fuhrer arrived.
A line of cars rumbled toward the camp upon the only road in or out. Staff cars, adorned with the small flags above the headlights bearing the eagle of the Reich paused long enough for the camp gates to be opened. The soldiers opened to the Fuhrer hastily.
Mengele sighed heavily. His time was up. Adolf would demand his full attention now. Frustrated, he handed his clipboard to a subordinate. He was angry and ruffled at the intrusion as well as the frustrating demands placed upon him for results that stubbornly eluded him.
“And these?” his lab assistant asked, looking over the lineup.
Josef glanced at the assembled Jews. None of them dared to look at him. They stood in the cold, shivering helplessly, their ragged breath hanging in the air as snow fell gently upon them.
“Send them to the showers,” Josef said indignantly. 
“All of them?” his assistant asked.
“Of course, all of them,” he replied. “I have no time for them now.”
Mengele trudged away, leaving the lineup. He walked toward the long building which served as his laboratory. There was no need to meet the Fuhrer’s car at the front of the camp. His driver would drop him off at the laboratory momentarily anyway. The commandant might be expecting an official inspection, but Hitler left such matters to others. The Berserker Strain was the real reason he had come.



Adolf waited. The good doctor was testing his patience, and it was wearing thin. Results should have been forthcoming by now. It had been too long since Adolf had used one of Mengele’s experiments to destroy the site in the Amazon Jungle where his late aunt, Luxana, had established a kingdom for the sprites. He wanted a solution to his mounting concerns with the war. Matters had taken a turn for the worse of late.
However, the problem of Mengele’s serum causing catastrophic physiologic problems to his patients had thus far never been resolved. As powerful as the subjects briefly became, they remained useless for real war. Blind soldiers would simply not last in the midst of mortar explosions and machine gun fire, neither those whose bones became so brittle that they shattered, or the many who bled out from every orifice until they ceased to function.
And those were only the best case scenarios. Many others had suffered sudden heart attacks, liver failure, he couldn’t count how many strokes, and then their was the one that had killed several SS officers before blowing his own brains out. It seemed like a disaster awaited the project at every turn.
Nearly two years had passed without sufficient progress from Mengele. He pondered strangling the man, but thought better of it. The doctor was, after all, a genius in his own right, despite his morbid curiosity.
It was now 1945, and the Allied forces were closing the noose about Adolf’s neck. His intelligence department indicated that the Americans were very close to completion of a terrible super weapon. Adolf had his scientists working toward an Atomic weapon, but setbacks abounded here as well. 
Still, there was the serum. His berserker rage, unleashed during his battle within the coliseum at Trinity years ago, had given him the idea in the first place. If this power could be isolated and then carried to host subjects through a viral strain then a super human army could be developed to win Adolf the war.
After all, atomic weapons were not ideal. Scorched earth made for a poor empire. But men could be set loose anywhere. There was nothing like an army of men who fought with such terrible rage and violence that no one could stand before them. These would fight to the death without fear, and if the massacre of the sprites was any indicator, they would kill many before they fell in battle.
Mengele appeared at the vaulted door to his laboratory. “If you are ready, my Fuhrer?”
Adolf stood, now wearing a similar white lab coat along with a surgical mask and a pair of protective goggles. The doctor handed him a pair of rubber gloves when they stepped inside the door. There was probably no danger to a Descendant from the strain. The necessary components had come from a Descendant in Adolf, but caution never hurt.
The vault sealed itself with a hydraulic hiss. On the far end of Josef’s laboratory sat an electron microscope with which the doctor could manipulate his viruses. A collection of test tubes and other scientific brick-a-brack sat on a workstation nearby. Closer to the middle of the chamber Mengele had ordered a surgery to be built.
This was not quarantined from the rest of his lab, but had rather become the center of it. A patient lay awake strapped to the operating table. Adolf observed the Jew impassively. He felt no pity for the creature. As far as he was concerned, this was better than that race deserved.
He still held the Jews responsible for the death of his mother. They had been the ones watching him. They had been the ones who called him demon in their native Hebrew. If he accomplished nothing else by this war, he meant to see them all eradicated.
The side wall was lined with clear acrylic cylinders, each large enough to allow three grown men to stand side by side within them. The cylinders were presently occupied with what Adolf could only deem recent failures of the doctor’s experiments.
At the top of each cylinder was a system of tubes that could pump oxygen in, or remove it altogether. Other substances could also be introduced—the Berserker Strain for example. It delivered as a colorless, odorless vapor. Several days of incubating then produced these wretched creatures. Adolf recoiled from closer inspection. He had just eaten a healthy lunch and wished to retain it..
Only one of the subjects appeared to still be alive. The other dozen had expired in one way or another, leaving unsightly messes within their cages. The last was busy thumping his cranium against his cylinder’s transparent inner wall. Already his white skull was exposed. Torn flesh, little more than bloody pulp by now, was splattered against the acrylic. This beastly man had gone quite mad and was intent on beating his own brains out.
Adolf glared at the specimens. “Is this the progress you promised me?”
“That all depends upon the results you hope to achieve, my Fuhrer,” he replied, paying close attention to his patient strapped down upon the stainless steel operating table.
Adolf rounded on the doctor. “What I want from you is an army that will fight to the death, furiously destroying my enemies.” He stepped toward Mengele at his operating table. “In case you haven’t realized it yet, this is all about to come crashing down around our heads. The Allies are closing in.”
“Exactly, my Fuhrer,” Mengele said. He swallowed hard, noticing Hitler’s clenching fists. The Fuhrer had been known to kill men with his bare hands. Josef did not wish to be his next victim. He would tread carefully as usual. “If your army has proven incapable of defeating the Allies then perhaps it is time to let the Allies destroy themselves.”
“Explain,” Adolf demanded.
“Well, sir, so far I’ve had no luck finding a way to make mortal men like you,” Mengele said. “You are quite unique.”
In his younger days, Adolf might have received such flattery with a grin. However, this situation with the war had seared his ego. He was close to losing what opportunity for world dominion he had left. 
Already, he had lost his close contact with his angelic benefactor. Lucifer had not been nearly so attentive since the war effort began to go badly for him. It was just one more sign of things to come. Adolf was near to desperation.
“My uniqueness has little to do with this,” Adolf said. “I’d call it simple incompetence, Doctor. I’ve obviously put my faith in the wrong man for this job.”
“With all due respect, my Fuhrer, I am the only man for this job,” Josef said. “As I was saying, what could not be done one way, might still be accomplished another way. What we’ve thus far considered to be detrimental side effects may have been exactly what we should have been looking for all along.”
Adolf grew angry. He gestured stiffly toward the acrylic cylinder where the test subject was still madly crashing his skull against the inner wall. “You’re telling me that will win the war for me? A man beating his brains out?”
“What if that man was your enemy beating his brains out?” Josef asked. “Doing so instead of fighting against you?”
Adolf paused, considering the doctor’s words.
“Infect them with this?” Adolf asked.
Mengele smiled. “Precisely,” he said. “What better way to win the war?”
“But I wish to rule mankind,” Adolf said, “not destroy them!”
“Destroy some so that others may be ruled,” Mengele bargained. “It is not the world that resists, my Fuhrer. Only the Allies threaten us.”
Adolf considered this further. He did need some sort of solution. If nothing more was forthcoming, he would lose to the Allies and either be imprisoned or executed. And, if Lucifer persisted in his unwillingness to help him turn the tide, what choice did he really have?
“I wanted to show you something interesting today,” Mengele said, turning to the patient waiting upon the operating table.
Adolf gave closer attention to the setup Mengele had assembled around the bed. The man, a Jew taken from the camp prisoners, was gaunt of frame and pale of skin. His eyes remained fixed upon some set point, stoically disregarding him and the doctor. Whether he was sedated or not Adolf could not say.
From a pole with a rolling base, hung a bottle of blood which was attached by a tube and needle running to the man’s arm into his vein. As yet, none of the blood was flowing. Beside the bed a box shaped device appeared to be monitoring the patient’s heart rate and possibly his blood pressure, though Adolf was not familiar with medical equipment and could not be sure.
“What is all of this anyway?” he asked Mengele.
The doctor was going over the arrangement, looking entirely pleased with what he had put together for his demonstration.
“I have come up with a new serum based upon your blood,” Josef said proudly. “Animal trials on rats were very interesting, but I wanted you to be here for the first human trial.”
“And this is related to your proposal?” Adolf asked.
“Yes,” Josef said proudly. “However, this is only an experiment with the serum. Any effects will subside by tomorrow.”
“It’s not permanent?”
“Not yet,” Josef explained. “For permanent changes to be made, I would have to introduce the serum through a viral carrier. My plan would utilize a rhinovirus in order to promote speedy transmission from host to host.”
“A rhinovirus?” Adolf asked dubiously.
“The same virus that carries what we refer to as the common cold,” he clarified. “No one has yet come up with a cure for it. The Allies will be helpless.”
“And then whatever happens will be permanent?”
Mengele grinned knowingly. “The serum which I will introduce here,” he said, indicating the bottle of blood, “will cause his tissues—muscles, organs, even his brain—to be transformed temporarily. Think of it like a boy eating sugar. That rush of energy does not last. Neither will this because it is not introduced into the cells in a way that effects fundamental change. The virus carrier can do this when the time comes to unleash it upon the Allies.”
Adolf nodded thoughtfully. “But where would this virus be released? Certainly, not on the battlefield. If they infected our soldiers as well as their own—”
Mengele was nodding. “Correct,” he interjected. “A battlefield would not accomplish our aims. It would be introduced into their cities. Transmission would occur person to person through body fluid transfers. I’ve already conducted an experiment using caged rats. The entire dozen were infected or dead within seconds.”
“They killed one another?”
Mengele turned to look at the label he had placed upon the blood bottle. Adolf followed his gaze curiously. A four letter word written in capital letters.
“I’ve labeled this new variant strain a little differently,” Josef said. “The Berserker Strain was focused upon control. The ability of a soldier to unleash his fury in tightly controlled bursts. The man remained. But this variant extinguishes the man completely. He is left ravening and mad like a beast, killing indiscriminately. Well, at least the uninfected. They seem to recognize one another as like minded and then work in concert, though they will kill one another if food becomes scarce, or if there is too much competition.”
Adolf read the word aloud, wondering what in the world Mengele had spawned from his blood. “Rage.”



Symptomatic

For a short while it had seemed like nothing at all had been administered to the Jew lying upon Josef Mengele’s operating table. Adolf had watched as the doctor opened the IV tubing valve, allowing the blood to flow into and throughout the man’s emaciated form. One half hour later, nothing of consequence had occurred.
But then the man grew fevered. Adolf  sat at a small table with Mengele, drinking coffee. The room grew noticeably warmer. The doctor had noticed this also. Adolf turned to look at the patient. 
Josef was grinning like the cat that ate the canary. “It’s beginning,” he said.
The Jew was flush now and trembling. His arms and legs were bound to the table with thick leather straps. Presumably, the man would thrash about as the serum overcame him. Josef stood expectantly. Adolf unconsciously did likewise.
He wasn’t fearful of what might happen. After all, Adolf had faced far worse things—creatures whose unbridled fury would cause an entire platoon of hardened soldiers to run screaming in terror. These he had killed with his bare hands in his younger days.
The patient’s trembling now turned to full blown tetanus, his muscles straining and pulling his quivering form rigid. He cried out then, bloody slobber spraying as his jaw clenched down tight upon his tongue. The end of the appendage fell onto his bare chest as the Jew’s head thrashed back and forth, his eyes wide and wild with rage.
Adolf backed away, remembering Josef’s words about the transmission of this disease through contact with bodily fluids. He knew he should have been immune—the serum had been derived from his own blood—but that knowledge was little comfort while watching the man transform into an enraged beast.
“Stop this,” Adolf said suddenly.
Mengele looked queerly at him. “Sir?”
“Stop this at once,” Adolf said more forcefully. 
The doctor seemed not to know what to make of his Fuhrer’s reaction to the experiment. Everything was going according to plan.
“Please do not be distressed,” Mengele said. “He’s only a Jew.”
Adolf gave Josef an incredulous look. “I’m not worried about him,” he bellowed over the growing din. “I just don’t want it loose.”
As if to punctuate this concern, the right wrist strap came loose from its mount on the operating table. One hand was now free. The Jew came up off of the table as much as was possible. His legs were still bound at the ankles and his left wrist also.
Adolf and Mengele both backed away now.
“I thought you said those straps would hold it,” Adolf said accusingly. “Put him down now.”
The doctor turned to one of his work tables, fiddling with a vial of some drug that Adolf did not recognize. Josef inserted a syringe and needle combination through the stopper on the bottle and withdrew a small amount of fluid. He put down the vial again and held the needle out before him.
Looking at Adolf he said, “This is cyanide.”
The ravening Jew was reaching frantically for them, scrabbling on the table top, trying desperately to get to them. Bloody mucus spilled over his lower lip, down across its chin and onto the emaciated bare chest. Behind the blood-washed teeth, the stump of the gnawed tongue waved back and forth at them like a severed tentacle.
“Do it,” Adolf hissed.
Josef hesitated. He wasn’t sure where he might get hold of the man without coming into reach of his free arm. The man was flailing hard to be free of the restraints.
Adolf noticed the doctor’s hesitation. “You’ve inoculated yourself, haven’t you?”
“Of course,” Josef said. “I just don’t want to have my hand taken off in the process.”
Adolf rolled his eyes. He reached for the syringe and took it carefully from Mengele’s hand. “I’ll do it then,” he said.
Coming to the foot of the bed, Adolf shoved the needle straight through the bottom of the struggling man’s foot. He held it there for a moment, puzzled. Mengele’s patient had not reacted to a piece of metal nearly the size of a nail being shoved into the arch of his foot. He was still thrashing, but nothing had changed.
Josef was watching this also. He had seen similar results in the rats he had given the serum to. They ignored pain. Almost as if the brain could not comprehend the sensation any longer. He also knew what would happen when the cyanide was injected.
Adolf depressed the syringe plunger, forcing the cyanide into the man’s body. He withdrew the needle and tossed it back onto the table, waiting. They watched the writhing, thrashing Jew. After minutes, nothing had happened.
“Are you sure you drew up cyanide?” Adolf asked when there was no change in the man. “He should have been dead in under a minute.”
“Seconds,” Josef said, grinning at his patient.
Adolf glanced over at him. “You knew?”
Mengele nodded. “Medications have very little effect. Poisons are the same. The rats could not be killed apart from catastrophic physical damage.”
A dull cracking of bone and tearing of sinew resounded throughout the room. The raving maniac on the table had torn his shoulder out of joint completely in his attempt to free himself. The wrist strap still held firm. Now the arm dangled stiffly from skin pulled taut at the shoulder. The joint had been severed, but the elastic skin was still intact, giving the beastly man more maneuverability without freeing him.
Josef nodded thoughtfully. “Amazing isn’t it?” he asked. “Even then he didn’t notice the pain. An entire shoulder joint pulled apart and he doesn’t care a thing for it.”
The Fuhrer was not as amused as Mengele.
“Enough,” Adolf said. He removed a long black-bladed dagger from his belt beneath the lab coat. He strode quickly to the man, fainted with his outstretched left hand to draw the maniac’s attention, and then struck down into the chest with his knife. Blood boiled from the terrible wound, but the man kept fighting, trying to get his teeth into Adolf’s arm.
He had stabbed directly into the man’s heart, but the man kept fighting. Slowly, and only after a great deal of blood had poured out of his chest, did the crazed Jew begin to lose his momentum. His body spasmed finally and then went slack. Until that final moment, his teeth had continued gnashing, his hands reaching, wanting to get at them until his last breath expired.
Adolf stood with the dagger in his bloody gloved hands for a long moment. Josef stood with him as they stared at the corpse on the operating table. The eyes were open wide but now still. The one arm was disjointed at the shoulder, the head of the humerus pushing hard at the skin as the body had collapsed in a twisted state. The ankles were bloody also, the skin sheared away on the leather straps.
“Sir?” Josef finally asked. “Are you all right?”
Adolf started, seeming to wake from a dream. He held up the dagger, looked at it and then let it fall to the floor where it clattered against the tiles, splattering them with drops of coagulating blood. He wasn’t breathless, or terrified, only very still.
When he spoke finally, he said, “What happens to the world, if this cannot be contained?”
“We will only use it on the Allies,” Josef stated. “We can keep it contained. In fact, we can contain it geographically by unleashing it in North America first. The Allies cannot stand against us without the involvement of the Americans. They’ll have to recall their troops immediately in order to deal with the growing outbreak.”
“Matters at home would take precedent over Europe,” Adolf said, furthering the thought. “But then what? Leave North America as a plague continent?”
“The vaccine can be synthesized from your blood, my Fuhrer,” Josef said. “While you live, the effects can be reversed.”
Adolf smiled at this. “But by then their governments will have collapsed and their cities will be in ruins. All the better a state for my army to come across the sea and take over once I’ve conquered Europe.”
“Exactly,” Josef said confidently.
Adolf looked back at the dead patient. There was still one roadblock to implementing this plan. He could still be overruled by the Fallen. It was time to speak with his father’s father. He only hoped the angel would listen to reason.



Permission

The Mercedes-Benz 770K staff car trundled along the winding road of the Olbersalzberg in the Bavarian Alps toward the Berghof. Hitler’s personal home near Berchtesgaden had long remained his favorite. However, the war had made security an increasing problem.
  He noticed with disdain the barracks which housed many SS soldiers in order to maintain constant patrols around the Berghof. The smoke machines which had been installed to hide his chalet style home from enemy bombers were, thankfully, not in operation today.
Truth be told, Adolf understood why these measures had been deemed necessary. He was the Fuhrer of the greatest nation in the world. He must be kept safe. Not to mention that the Allies were closing in upon Germany.
He had even taken his own more personal measures in order to avoid assassination by both human and Descendant agents. He and his beloved mistress, Anna Parks, each had their own body doubles. Using his mental control over her, Adolf had caused Anna to accept the name Eva Braun. She was known publicly by this name.
The real Eva Braun happened to be a different, less lovely woman altogether. She had been paired with Adolf’s doppelganger and the two had hit it off quite nicely. They might have even fallen in love by now, but Adolf cared not the least. Their purpose was to look and act like Adolf and Anna so that it remained much less likely for assassins to see success.
These days, Adolf rarely made public appearances at all. It could even be said that his stand-in was running much of the war effort on his behalf. He might have worried about this were it not for the fact that he had hand picked the man for the job.
Karlheinz Schuschnigg was an intelligent man and loyal to his Fuhrer. He had been consenting to the extensive plastic surgery which had been required to transform his appearance and he enjoyed the luxury and seeming power the position afforded him. After all, he was, for all intensive purposes, one of the most powerful men in the world now, even if it was only for the sake of a ruse.
He was allowed to use the Berghof, when Adolf was not scheduled to be there, and any other home or convenience that the Fuhrer had been afforded. They convened together regularly in secret and through correspondence sent between them by way of Adolf’s personal valet, Heinz Linge. Despite even these securities, he had placed Karlheinz under his personal mental control just as he had with Anna and many others. He would obey him without question, to the death if he required.
Adolf’s staff car passed through the gate with its two flanking guard houses. Two soldiers saluted with arms raised as his car passed between them. The Mercedes meandered along the drive until finally pulling before the house itself.
Heinz was already waiting to open the door. When Adolf exited the vehicle, his valet closed the door and followed him inside. He walked on through the entrance hall, passing curious specimens of cacti in majolica pots. He had taken to collecting them as a dalliance, fascinated by their prickly tenacity, surviving in conditions where others perished. He fancied himself to be of a similar nature.
The corridor took him past the large dining room paneled in costly cembra pine, his private study complete with telephone switchboard, and the entrance to the Great Hall. One of his favorite rooms in the house, it featured a collection of Teutonic furniture as well as a large world globe. He imagined controlling every country whose image had been inscribed upon it. An expansive red marble fireplace took up most of a side wall like the very mouth of Hell, and on another Hollywood movies were sometimes shown from an adjoining projection room.
“Miss Parks has been asking after you since her arrival, sir,” Heinz said.
“Where is she?” he asked.
“She is walking with the dogs,” Heinz replied. “May I relay a message to her?”
“Only that I will see her at Dinner, Heinz,” he said. “Until then, I’ll take some time alone on the terrace to unwind.”
Heinz nodded. “Very good, sir. I shall inform her and lay out one of your evening suits.”
“Has there been any recent communiqué from Karl?”
“None sir,” Heinz reported. “He is on his way to a conference at the Reichstag. When he telephones, I shall relay all that he says.”
Adolf nodded and went on, walking toward the glass doors leading to the expansive terrace. Heinz withdrew without another word. The Reichstag in Berlin may have been the seat of German power, but Adolf was fully confident in Karl to represent him there.
Adolf pushed through the doors, walking out onto the terrace. He was afforded a sweeping view which included snow capped mountains in his former home of Austria. Each time he looked upon them he remembered his beloved mother. And he remembered the Jews who had killed her there, renewing the fire in his heart.
He stood there stone still like a statue, allowing the breeze to wash over him. His mind was a storm of possibilities, survival his primary concern at this point. How long will I be able to stand in this place? he wondered. How long before the end comes?



Two figures stood upon the terrace unseen, watching the man known by the world as Adolf Hitler. His hands were clasped behind his back which was held very straight. His pressed uniform presented him as the brave leader of a self proclaimed master race.
“Ah, the noble human form,” Southresh intoned with a doe-eyed expression of melancholy. “I believe I might actually wretch.”
Lucifer stood with him, but he did not comment on the remark. He just watched the son of his son. Southresh noticed the disappointment there in his expression. It wasn’t because the man had failed to become the villain he had always envisioned. Rather his disapproval stemmed from the fact that Adolf was not to be. He would not become the architect of the world system that Lucifer still desired to create.
“Are we here to kill him?” Southresh asked when Lucifer remained silent.
“That won’t be necessary,” he said finally.
“No, I suppose the Allies will shortly dispose of him,” Southresh said.
“Perhaps,” he replied coolly.
“Of course they will. He may have won a few battles, but he’s lost the war. Now, it’s only a matter of time.”
Southresh stood invisible in the human host of Toshima, the Japanese assassin. “You could let me deal with him.”
“I never remove a piece from the board,” Lucifer said.
“More chess metaphors?”
“He could still prove useful, even if his end is near. Besides, you have enough toys to play with. What of the girl?”
“I’ve led her on one goose chase after another,” Southresh said, grinning. “She’s tenacious. I’ll give the little imp that much. She’s chased me all over Japan with that cursed sword.”
“Then I suggest you return to the game there,” Lucifer said. “Germany will be lost, but Japan may still present difficulties for the Allies. The Japanese value victory over their own lives.”
“That all depends on whether you’re the one giving it or not,” Southresh said. “You don’t see the nobles crashing their planes into enemy war ships. Humans are all the same. Give them power and they find more value in their own skins.”
Lucifer did not dispute his brother. Still, he fixed him with a hard, telling glare.
“Oh, all right, I’m going,” Southresh complained. “But if you do decide to kill him, give him to me.”
He vanished in a huff, leaving Lucifer alone. A second later Lucifer became visible upon the mortal plane. For a moment Adolf didn’t seem to notice him. Until he spoke.
“I thought you might be near,” Adolf said. “Sensed you before I arrived at the house. Good. I’ve been waiting to speak with you for some time with no joy.”
Lucifer did not answer the clear accusation.
Adolf waited a moment for the angel to speak. He did not. Instead, Lucifer’s gaze remained fixed upon him. An eerie feeling crept up Adolf’s spine. The angel was stone still, not even possessing the rise and fall that came with mortal breathing. Of course, he was not mortal.
Finally, Adolf looked away and began to speak. “Why have you not answered my calls? The war has gone badly of late. I need your help.”
Still, the angel did not reply.
Adolf grew angry. He could not withhold an outburst any longer.
“Why have you not answered me?!”
“You are not the one,” Lucifer replied calmly.
Adolf was taken aback. “What?”
Lucifer spoke deliberately slow now. “You are not the one.”
“I heard you,” Adolf said. “What do you mean, I am not the one?”
“There is one coming into the world. I wait for him. He will fulfill my desires for world domination. You are not the one.”
“Because you have abandoned me!” Adolf shouted.
Lucifer grinned. “Your time is nearly at an end, Adolf.”
Adolf pulled up short of a reply. He had known that this might be the case. Still, he couldn’t just surrender to that analysis of the situation. He was making contingency plans for his death, but he wasn’t dead yet.
“It doesn’t have to be that way,” he said, stammering for some way out. “We can still salvage the effort. The Allies can be defeated. With your help, I can—”
Lucifer shook his head slowly. “There will be no help. I am withheld from changing this outcome.”
“Withheld?” Adolf asked, flustered. “Withheld by whom…God?”
“You see?” Lucifer asked.
“What?”
“You are not the one,” he replied. “You do not even believe in our great enemy.”
“Why should I believe in God?” Adolf asked, incredulous. “I’ve seen nothing to convince me that he exists. You only mention God when you feel like not helping me…just a convenient excuse to withhold your power.”
“You simpleton,” Lucifer said. “You’ve bought into the lie. That’s for the common cattle, not for the man who will be used to dominate the world. As I have said, you are not the one.”
Adolf was close to bursting with fury. He had to do something. Everything was falling apart around him. The war, Lucifer, even his relationship with Anna. 
She was complaining more frequently of the headaches that plagued those who remained under his mental domination for too long. If he did not release his hold on her soon, she would suffer an aneurysm and die. It had happened more than once with others.
Worst of all was the ever increasing realization that his life was going to end in the near future. Everyone seemed to see this. Even he could not deny that circumstances were turning in that direction.
“Fine,” Adolf said finally. “I don’t need you anyway. I have a plan of my own.”
“What plan would that be?” Lucifer said, drawing himself up to an intimidating height.
Adolf considered whether he should reveal the matter. This virus developed by Mengele did not require angelic assistance. Perhaps, it was time for him to stop looking to the angel. He would take matters into his own hands.
“A group of assassins I’m considering,” Adolf lied. “I can have the leaders of my enemies killed. While their governments are in chaos, I will rebuild my army.”
Lucifer scrutinized him. “A bold plan,” he said.
Adolf could hear the sarcasm in his voice.
“It’s worth more than any help you’ve given me,” Adolf said icily.
“You are unwise to tempt me,” Lucifer threatened.
“Are you going to kill me?” Adolf asked uncertainly. “I thought you couldn’t interfere.”
Lucifer’s expression turned stony. “I don’t have to waste my time with you any longer,” he said. “Your fate is already sealed. There’s nothing either of us can do about that now. I only regret that I’ve exhausted so many resources on you.”
With this, Lucifer burst into a swarm of biting flies that shot out toward Adolf. He swatted at them madly for a moment as the angel pricked his skin in hundreds of places. Then the swarm flew on out of sight.
Adolf stood up, his flesh tingling with rising welts. He cursed after the angel, but it was no use. There was nothing that he could do about it. In the order of things, angels were greater in power and might. Lucifer was immortal. He feared nothing.
“Wait a minute,” Adolf whispered to himself. “Angels fear almost nothing. If I could get one of those swords…something to consider.”
 


Dispatched

Of all the countries Sadie had ever visited, Japan was, perhaps, the smallest and most beautiful. The island nation, created by volcanism, was still shrouded in an ancient refinement. Even as the twentieth century marched on, the Land of the Rising Sun remained anchored firmly in its brutal past and elegant traditions.
The war in the Pacific was now at its height, even as Germany began to crumble around Hitler. It was expected that the Fuhrer’s days were already numbered. The Allies would march across his doorstep very soon.
Consequently, Sadie had considered whether she should devote more effort toward killing Adolf before he could be captured. However, captured or not, he wasn’t going anywhere. He was mortal and subject to the world because of it. 
No longer could the spiritual plane be used as a safe haven. The place she had known all of her young life as home was now gone. In its place remained a void. And, while portal constructs could be fixed upon the boundaries for speedy travel beyond human sight, it was home no longer to any Descendants.
Elves and dwarves, as well as what remained of the trolls and Leprechauns, the Lycans and the vampires and others, all had to reside in the mortal world. The remnants of Descendant clans now kept themselves hidden from humans, their numbers too few to ever hope of fighting for dominance again. In many ways, Sadie understood just how short their time was in the world.
However, the angel she was tracking might just as easily disappear for decades at a time. It had been that way already several times. Years would go by without any conclusive evidence that the Fallen were actively involved in the world, and then they would suddenly show up. 
Most of those occurrences had caught her and her family and friends completely by surprise. The last surprise had been the worst in Sadie’s opinion. Southresh had come to the court of the Shade King in order to impersonate her father and kill Brian Shade. Her mother had been present, attempting to stop what was happening. Southresh had taken her life also.
Still, it had been decades since that had happened. The first World War in Europe had only just begun at the time. Now, the second might be drawing near to a close, if all went as was expected.
Sadie didn’t pretend to care about the war. This was a matter to be decided by humans. They were always at war with one another. Truth be told, she couldn’t find a better record with the Descendants either. But this particular fight was not hers. She only wanted Southresh and Adolf dead for what they had done to her mother and father.
She had been able to track the angel by way of his human host, the Japanese assassin, Toshima. He had meandered across the country with various military leaders who were part of the ruling oligarchy in Japan. Sometimes he traveled alone, sometimes with others. And, while his movements were not broadcast to the public, Sadie was tapped into a group of healers here.
Just as they had settled in many other Asian countries like Tibet, because this was the normal human appearance they possessed, so they had also taken residence in Japan. Had it not been for her connections to the healers upon the spiritual plane decades ago when she had trained as a young princess, they would not have given her the time of day now. But she was known and well liked.
Her mother, Queen Sophia, had once kept strong relations with the healing clans. Even as far back as her grandfather, Lycean, a mutually beneficial trust had been cultivated with healers holding numerous positions in the royal court of the Lycans. All of this despite a naturally healthy regenerative ability in werewolves.
The healers had never forgotten their ties to the Lycans and the city of Tidus. Only its destruction, along with all of the kingdoms of the spiritual plane, had forced them to make the human world their permanent home. As with all of the remaining Descendants, they were refugees who feared discovery by a population of humans who were growing increasingly dangerous to themselves and others.
Sadie had now followed Toshima to Horyu-ji in Ikaruga within Japan’s Nara Prefecture. Here stood the Temple of the Flourishing Law, a Buddhist temple laid out among several buildings with their adjoining courtyards. Several of the world’s oldest wooden buildings could be found on this historical site along with a number of Japan’s national treasures.
She had remained outside the perimeter wall, waiting for night to come. A waning moon peeked from behind drifting low hanging clouds. It was relatively dark, but Sadie had no trouble seeing with her Lycan eyes.
Toshima had arrived three hours earlier by car. Exiting with two other gentlemen she did not recognize, the angel in disguise accompanied the men inside the squat Kondo with its curving double roof. Behind this structure, the five story Pagoda loomed tall like a big brother threatening any unwelcome guests.
Sadie decided to not come at the Kondo from the front. She spent the next five minutes rounding the temple compound. She found a spot where she was obscured by shrubbery at the outside of the wall. With night fully upon the temple, she took a few deep breaths, deciding whether she really meant to do this.
After all, the similarity to Oliver James’ death in China could not be overlooked. What if she was walking into a trap? She thought of her mother, of the mad god in the guise of her father killing her. Her anger kindled afresh.
So what if she was walking into a trap? She hadn’t come all this way for nothing. No way was she just going to turn around and skulk home like a whipped pup with its tale between its legs. Trap or not, she had Malak-esh with her. She was young and full of fire, but not inexperienced. Even if she faced death, she would not be dissuaded.
With a push of her legs, Sadie sprang up and over the wall as nimbly as a deer. She landed on the soft grass on the other side with barely a sound. To her surprise, a man was rounding a nearby building smoking a cigarette. She had been so preoccupied with mustering her courage that she had neglected the scent.
Quick as a flash, Sadie darted out, snatching the man by the head. Before he could utter a sound, she snapped his neck with a sickening crack. His body went instantly rigid and then limp as an old rag. She pulled his body out of plain sight tucking him between the perimeter wall and the small building.
No one else was presently nearby. Sadie took her werewolf form, creeping low in the darkness, her padded paws making no sound. Steadily she drew nearer to the tall Pagoda.
She paused. Two monks were walking a path nearby. They had not spotted her. She remained motionless, barely breathing. The men spoke in hushed tones, though not conspiratorially. Just polite conversation. They remained unaware of her presence, and she let them pass on before moving forward again.
Running now as she neared the Pagoda, Sadie leaped as a wolf, transformed in flight and landed upon the first story roof light as a feather, diminishing her impact as her body folded down to crouch there. No reaction. No one in the courtyard to see her. 
She sprang away again, taking the form of an eagle in flight. A short glide and she landed near the spire on the second tier roof. Here a sliding window allowed her to enter the Kondo.
In human form again, Sadie made her way cautiously down toward the main floor. She quickly emerged on a landing that overlooked the large open room. A number of diplomats were in the process of watching geisha dancers upon a low square platform around which they all sat. Toshima was seated upon the floor with them. 
Presently, his back was to her. She could not have asked for better circumstances. The men were preoccupied with the women weaving through complex maneuvers before them. Somehow this was meant to be sensual, but Sadie did not understand it. Neither did she care.
Her quarry was seated before her unaware. His back was like a painted target just begging for her to launch herself away from the balcony, Malak-esh in hand to bury it between his shoulder blades. Only one thing was stopping her. This all seemed too easy.
The geishas had ended their dance by now. They found their respective diplomats for the evening and sat down with them, pouring Sake rice wine into porcelain cups, fawning over the men as they were paid to do. The scene made Sadie want to wretch. Deplorable behavior, she thought.
Was this what normally went on inside of a Buddhist temple? She did not hold with the religion herself, but felt quite sure geisha girls would be considered out of place here. Undoubtedly, a great sum of money had been given in order to have the building for the evening. Either this or the monks feared to displease the leaders of their country for fear of reprisal.
Onto the square platform came a monk in orange robes. His arms were free of loose hanging garments and he was carrying a bunch of silk handkerchiefs of varying colors. His feet were bare also.
The monk came to stand in the middle of the platform where all could see. Sadie assumed he must be about to perform for them also, and she was not wrong. The monk took his bunch of handkerchiefs and tossed them as one into the air above his head. A strange new dance had begun.
Several hand drummers began to play as the colored silks came apart in the air like a flock of brightly plumed birds, revealing a total number of twelve. Sadie had counted them almost instantly, despite the quick and varied movements they made. The monk now whirled around and gesticulated wildly, moving with balletic grace among the silks, snatching them from the grip of gravity to toss them, one by one, back into the air.
To the casual observer the monk might have appeared to be dancing within an excited swarm of multicolored jellyfish. As each silk handkerchief drifted down toward the floor, he plucked them back to the air, never allowing even one to sink below his waist. Sadie had to admit that it was an impressive display, especially for a human. He knew precisely where each silk was at all times and never made a grasp without finding the exact one he had been reaching for.
So entrancing was the monk’s whirling silken dance that Sadie almost did not notice the subtle movement which now took place within the Kondo. Men were moving among the shadows, men dressed completely in black. Ninja she realized.
To the dulled senses of humans these men would have seemed virtually invisible, undetectable. But Sadie heard every gentle breath, every rustling of the black fabric, every soft footfall upon the wooden floor. She saw them also, their ability to meld with shadow lost on her preternatural sight. Even in the darkness of the Kondo’s upper rooms and balcony, she viewed them plain as day.
Unfortunately, they saw her also. It might have been reasonable to assume, with so many Japanese dignitaries present in the room below, that one or all of them were to be assassinated tonight. But Sadie knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she was their target.
A dozen assassins were closing in. Already weapons had come into their hands. At least four of the twelve, approaching along the catwalk that ringed the open space above the lower floor, had their hands raised above their shoulders, fingers gripping the corded hilts of their swords. Four others had produced bows and were nocking black arrows with fletches made of raven feathers.
Two others came toward her with bamboo rods in their hands—blowguns with poison tipped darts. They might only incapacitate her, or they might kill. She didn’t want to find out which.
The last two, which were the closest to her position, brandished handfuls of shuriken. Hurled at frightening velocity, these spiked discs of metal had prongs that could pierce deep enough to reach the heart and might also be covered in a poison residue. At any rate, all of the assassins carried deadly potential. But they would have to catch her first.
As yet, none of the guests below had noticed anything amiss above them. Toshima’s back was still to her. However, if she didn’t act fast everything would be ruined. She might not get this chance again.
Still, Sadie waited. She had not yet brought out Malak-esh. Once it was free, the energetic glow of the mercurial blade would draw the attention of everyone in the vicinity. Alerted too soon, Southresh might choose to flee rather than face her. After all, he had been careering all over the island, so far. He surely wasn’t so dense that he did not realize she was pursuing him. She had already drawn the blade on him at two other times over the past six months only to have him evade and escape.
She made her decision. Southresh must know that she might come for him tonight, even if only the possibility. Why else would these Ninja be waiting for her? She would wait no longer.
Sadie thrust her hands out to either side. The Ninja had trapped themselves on the catwalk. They had limited choices when it came to fleeing. Of course, they likely saw it from the other side of the things: that she wouldn’t be able to escape them. But they hadn’t known that their quarry could unleash fire upon them.
Flames burst from her outstretched hands in both directions, flowing toward the oncoming assassins in a wave of searing heat that forced them to back-pedal quickly. But there was nowhere to go.
Several caught fire and began screaming. Stealth ended there. Sadie leaped from the catwalk as arrows and darts and shurikens were sent after her in pursuit. But she was too quick for them.
Wings burst from her arms as she took the form of an eagle in flight, sent herself swooping up and sideways and then spun left. Flying projectiles attempted to take her down all along the way, but unsuccessfully. She pulled hard right then tumbled mid-air, becoming an agile lemur.
Catching a support pillar with her long arms, she spun round it and down to the floor. Another black arrow shaft slammed into the floor next to her foot, quivering in the wood. The lemur sprang toward the company who had, moments ago, been seated upon the floor being entertained.
Panic had since taken over after the gouts of flame high above them and the screams of dying men. The diplomats, perhaps already fearing assassination, scattered like roaches from light. Only Toshima remained. Everyone else was running for cover.
Malak-esh appeared in Sadie’s hand as she became human again. In her peripheral vision she saw the half dozen Ninjas who were still willing and able to come after her. They dropped from the catwalk to the ground floor below a bit unsteadily due to the height. But they were still standing and still coming at their master Toshima’s request.
More projectiles came after her as she ran toward Southresh in his human guise. He was staring sternly at her, waiting, willing her on. This was a trap. She knew it, but she still would not flee this place.
Sadie shielded herself against attacks coming hurriedly from the Ninja. Her defensive wards dealt easily with the projectiles. Instead of a bubble of energy to repel attacks as her father had learned from Oliver James long ago, she now employed a technique that Cole had picked up from Laish and then taught her.
Protective wards had been established previous to her coming here. These proximity triggered spells used certain amounts of power either at the time they protected her, or at the time when they were cast. Sadie had utilized both methods. She had placed several very draining wards three days ago when she felt no present danger would force her to fight. She had slept a lot since, trying to replenish her energies.
However, she had also employed spell wards that took energy right now. Those were meant to deal with magical attacks if Southresh should have any spell casters working for him as bodyguards. Unlikely, but it was best to be safe. Most likely these would not be necessary and would not cost her energy while fighting the angel.
The other wards—those which used up energy already given—worked now to destroy the Ninja’s arrows and darts and shuriken. These were nicely vaporized when they came within a meter of her person. However, the energy contained within these wards would dwindle to nothing as more attacks came. She was safe from these attacks temporarily, but only temporarily.
She decided that there was no use drawing out this fight. Sadie had no lectures to give, no witticisms to bandy around, and no threats or conveyances of her deep emotional turmoil over the loss of her mother at Southresh’s hands. She just wanted him dead, which meant his mortal host killed and Southresh banished back to Tartarus.
Southresh raised his hands as Sadie crossed the floor toward him. Green sparks of energy flowed along and between his fingers. What was he thinking? Did he not realize the weapon she held?
Sadie decided that she might be acting predictably. This was a terrible weakness when facing an intelligence like one of the Fallen. Angels were naturally more powerful and cunning than Descendants or humans. 
If this had been a chess game, Southresh would be thinking ten or twenty moves ahead of her. She couldn’t do what came natural. He would always outwit her. He would always know what a logical course of action was for her. The only way to defeat that intelligence was to do something ludicrous.
Sadie charged the energies of Malak-esh with her mind. The mercurial blade reacted faithfully to her call, beginning to glow brightly with pent up power. She noted the position of everyone in the room at that moment and then attacked.
Malak-esh spun away from Sadie’s outstretched hand. Southresh, confused by the move, dodged quickly out of the way. Sadie vanished in that same instant, even as Southresh attempted to lash out with an attack of green lightning. Finding no Sadie, the lightning surged on into the Ninja which had been coming at her with his sword raised over his head to strike.
The charge hit the man’s sword first, conducted along the blade to his body and blasted him backward off of his feet in the opposite direction. Southresh looked miffed by this. He turned back to find that the sword had cut an arc through the air and struck another of his assassins. The blade then vanished as its victim dropped dead to the wooden floor.
Sadie and Malak-esh then appeared together near another one of the Ninjas in the room. Surprised by her sudden materialization, the black clad assassin whipped his blade from the scabbard strapped across his back and lunged at her. Angel Fire glowed brightly with power. Sadie cut through his blade and then the man himself, vanishing again before Southresh could mount another attack.
This was odd. She shouldn’t have abandoned her primary target. She had already proven that her protective wards could defend her from the Ninja’s projectile attacks. All she had to deal with was fighting the angel. Southresh didn’t understand why she wasn’t then doing just that.
Sadie then appeared where no Ninja was waiting. Exactly where Southresh had not been looking. Logically, since she intended to take down the assassins first, he had expected her to teleport to each and kill them. He had taken the fraction of a second necessary to then focus upon the three who were left only to be disappointed now.
However, Sadie hurled her blade with deadly position at Southresh again, the blade glowing white hot. He didn’t have time to hit the weapon with an energy attack. It wouldn’t have stopped Malak-esh anyway. All he could do was get out of the way. 
But even as he dodged to safety again, he realized that the girl’s attack had shown a two-fold objective. Either to kill him, or take down another of his henchmen. He had saved himself, but another Ninja had been in the line of fire. This man was hit by the sword before it disappeared yet again.
Southresh was growing frustrated now, a feeling he did not enjoy in the least. He was the mad god. He was not outwitted by mortals—and yet. He decided to change the game himself.
His power erupted outward now like a tidal wave, a hurricane’s fury unleashed in one moment. Everything within the Kondo was instantly set ablaze. Then the shockwave of force coming off of Southresh’s mortal host pummeled the structure. The two story Kondo flew apart, splintered shards of burning wood flying in every direction away from the Japanese assassin standing in the midst of its charred parquet floor.
There were no Ninja left now. Southresh had killed the remaining two with his outburst. The wooden walls of the Kondo had been laid flat all around. The curved double roof and the open upper story had been scattered upward and outward across the entire temple complex. Even the Pagoda behind the Kondo had been set ablaze and its structure damaged by the blast. It was beginning to lean dangerously already as monks came from all directions to investigate the calamity the angel had wrought.
However, much to his chagrin, the girl was nowhere to be found. Even such a furious attack shouldn’t have killed her so easily. He might have expected her to be caught somewhere in the conflagration and be knocked unconscious or grievously wounded, but not incinerated.
She appeared suddenly before him, casting several fireballs from her fists as they beat the air furiously. Then she vanished, reappearing to his right, screaming and hurling more fireballs from that direction. She vanished again, appeared behind him and did the same again.
But Southresh deflected the power of these easily. After all, fire was his particular gift. He had to give her credit for using the ability carried down from her father. It was brazen, and he liked that, but foolish. He laughed.
The fireballs grew larger and larger as her vanishing, reappearing, and fireball attack continued. But he only grew more amused, deflecting these. It was like a child furiously hurling snowballs at its parent. The effort was inconsequential—a waste of energy. At least, until the last came.
Southresh had been so amused by her pitiful effort, that he hadn’t expected what was hidden inside her last fireball. The spinning form of Malak-esh had been hurled at him, surrounded by an envelope of fire to disguise it. Southresh scattered this fire like the others. But the blade came on through.
Toshima stood with Malak-esh buried to the hilt in his chest. His eyes lowered to the weapon, his expression the height of bewilderment. How could this have happened? How could she have outsmarted him?
Sadie walked around to face the angel, leaving the blade where she had driven it. He sank to his knees amid the burning wreckage of the Kondo building. Monks stood at a distance unsure whether they should risk approaching. They stayed away. The fire spreading at the five story Pagoda building quickly drew their attention away.
Southresh looked at her until his human host failed in strength and he could no longer stay upright. He fell forward, unable to brace for the impact, and hit the charred boards hard. Sadie did not flinch. She did not remove the sword.
Instead, she waited, watching Toshima’s body. She saw nothing to indicate that the angel had passed from his host. Saw nothing to indicate that he had been sucked away back into the angelic prison of Tartarus. Malak-esh continued to burn with power in the wound. Sadie simply stood there until Toshima’s entire body had burned to ash around the sword. When the breeze finally began to blow away what was left of him, she vanished. Angel Fire went with her.  



Frustration

It was already well after midnight when Sadie woke with a start. She quickly assessed herself and the room. She had taken a room for the night at a small family run inn within the city of Wiesbaden in Germany, an old spa town known for its many hot springs. With Southresh gone, she meant to get back to the business of dealing with Adolf once and for all.
Sadie had not returned to the United States in many months. She told herself that her father was in good hands with Cole. She would only make matters worse by continually going back and leaving over and over. 
This way she was sparing herself and Cole and her father the pain that came with goodbyes. At least, that was the excuse she used every time the nagging guilt clawed at her mind. Truth be told, she never really bought that excuse. But she always managed to push the doubt out of her mind. She wasn’t going to leave this matter undone. And now, with her greatest challenge already behind her, she assumed the rest would be easy by comparison.
The room around her was very dark. The curtain was open, but the moon was barely a sliver in the sky now and did nothing to lighten the room. However, being a Lycan, her eyes were well suited for the night. But the room beyond the end of the bed remained swathed in darkness despite her keen eyesight.
It was Malak-esh that had woke her. She could still feel the pulse emanating from the sword even though it was hidden away in the dimensional pocket just beyond sight. It had always surged with energy like this while in the presence of one of the Fallen, so she knew that she was not alone here.
As Sadie reached out her arm toward the impenetrable blackness beyond her bed, Malak-esh came to her hand. The light from the glowing mercurial blade invaded the darkness. She saw the figure of a man revealed as the darkness fled. Still, his features were indistinct. She could not tell the identity of the person.
“I felt the mad god pass from this world yesterday.”
Sadie shuddered, realizing that Lucifer was standing across the room. It had to be him. He was the only one of the Fallen left in the world now. Malak-esh had not lied about the presence of an angelic enemy.
She whipped the blanket aside and came to her feet beside the bed as quick as a flash. She did not want to become entangled within her bed covers when the angel attacked her. In her mind, she could think of no other reason why he would have come.
Lucifer remained where he was, standing as still as a statue before the door. He seemed unperturbed by her sudden posturing with the sword. He did not move at all.
“Are you here to kill me?” Sadie asked. It was all she could think of to say.
“I came to congratulate you on your hard won victory,” he replied politely. “Ridding the world of Southresh was a great accomplishment.”
“Congratulate me? I doubt it. More likely you mean to stop me from killing your precious Adolf.”
Lucifer grinned. “Now why would I be concerned about that? Perhaps you think that I could not stop you, that I fear that weapon you’re holding. Rubbish. Maybe you’re too stupid to see that Adolf’s time is already coming to an end, regardless of what you or I do. He is not the one.”
“The one?” she asked uncertainly.
“Child, when my time comes to rise, there will be nothing anyone can do to stop me,” Lucifer crowed. “It has been written and it will be done.”
Sadie straightened. “There have been a great many more things written on that subject than just your rising to power in the world.”
Lucifer sniffed indignantly at this and then vanished from the room without another word. The previous pervasive blackness in the room scattered with his departure. Sadie could see now as well as she ever had with nothing hidden in the dark. What she couldn’t see was the true reason for this visitation.
Malak-esh drew down its power. With the danger gone, it rested again. Lucifer had truly left her. She wasn’t sure if she could sleep now. Probably not. Regardless, her hunt for Adolf would take up again tomorrow.



A private car had been sent to the airport to receive Mengele. However, the drive all the way into the Bavarian Mountains had taken longer than Josef had expected. Hitler had summoned him and, though he did not like to leave his experiments at Auschwitz unattended, he had no choice but to go.
The winding drive was made more tolerable by handsome scenery passing through the mountains. It was far more enjoyable than walking through Berlin at the moment. Allied bombing had increased over the past few days, and much of the city was suffering with it.
Barracks passed by on either side as the car approached the private drive of Adolf’s home. Josef could see vigilant patrols marching the perimeter of the estate. The Fuhrer wasn’t taking any chances with his or Anna’s safety.
Mengele was one of the few people to know of Anna Parks, to know that she was not the woman Eva Braun. He was also one of the few people living to know that Adolf was not entirely human. Josef had guessed as much by the man’s blood sample. 
Others had once been entrusted with the Fuhrer’s super human status, but they had since been eliminated. Josef realized that Adolf could not have kept the secret from him after submitting to testing in order to develop the now failed Berserker Strain. But he remained alive because Adolf needed Josef to produce the new Rage Virus. With this, Adolf hoped to spread it to the enemy masses and then watch as they destroyed themselves. If he was going to reclaim the world after that then Mengele would still be necessary.
They turned past the guards stationed near the home, pulling into the last length of the drive. The Berghof stood in the distance up ahead at the top of the hill. With all that was happening, this might be the last meeting like this they would be able to have.
Pulling up to the house, the driver got out and opened the door for Josef. The doctor climbed out, carrying a metal suitcase with him. A chain ran from the case to a single handcuff attached to his wrist.
A servant opened the door. Mengele did not pause, but walked on through. Heinz Linge, Hitler’s personal valet, appeared in the foyer.
“This way, sir,” Heinz said with a slight bow.
He led the way to the Great Hall. Inside, Hitler was waiting beside the red mantle. To Mengele’s surprise, Anna Parks was seated in the room also, speaking with Adolf as he walked inside.
He strode to his Fuhrer, offering his hand. They shook.
“That will be all, Heinz,” Adolf said.
Heinz bowed with a respectful nod. “Very good, sir,” he said and then withdrew.
Josef nodded to Anna politely. “Fraulein,” he said, taking her hand and kissing the knuckle.
“Doctor Mengele,” she replied kindly.
“Anna, would you excuse us?” Adolf asked. “I need to discuss some important matters with Josef.”
She stood with slight difficulty. “Of course,” she said.
Josef noticed that her pregnancy was beginning to show now. Adolf had only mentioned the matter in passing before leaving Auschwitz. They waited as she quietly left the room. When the door closed behind her, Adolf began to speak.
“Is that it?” he asked, indicating the briefcase attached by the chain to Josef’s wrist.
“Yes, this case contains the Rage Virus.”
“Very good,” Adolf said, draining the last of the scotch from his glass. “You will not return to the camp.”
Josef began to protest gently. “But my experiments—”
“I know what you’re going to say, Josef, but the Allies are closing in around us. I’ve already made arrangements and sent my double to my Fuhrer bunker in Berlin. I feel fairly certain that we only have days before the end now. The Russians are advancing their line toward the capital. The others will not be far behind.”
Josef nodded with a deep exhale. He had wondered if this would separate him from his work at the camp. His intuition had not been wrong. Hitler was making preparations for the end of the war.
“We must keep the virus close now to protect it,” Adolf said. “What about the antidote? Do you have it also?” 
“I have several doses in here,” Josef said.
Adolf left his glass setting upon the mantle as he began to pace the room. “Yes, but does it work? We must be sure.”
Josef removed his jacket, unbuttoned his cuff and rolled up the sleeve of his shirt. He turned his forearm toward his fuhrer. The flesh was macerated and inflamed.
“What happened?” Hitler asked, walking over to him.
“One of my patients got out of control briefly,” Josef replied.
“Are you?”
“Infected?” Josef said, finishing his question. “Yes, I tested positive for the virus. However, I had enough time to vaccinate myself using the serum made from your blood.”
“How long ago?”
“Two days,” Josef said, smiling. “Two days and I have not developed even the first symptom. I’ve tested positive for antibodies. I am now immune.”
Adolf smiled. “Excellent. Now that we are sure of the cure, we must decide the best means of delivery.”
“I’ve considered this issue already,” Josef said.
“And?”
“With the serum we have seen changes beginning at roughly one half hour. Depending upon the subject, I would expect that number to be the same across the board. However, the virus will take longer.”
Adolf’s gaze narrowed impatiently. “How much longer?”
“The rhinovirus I have chosen generally causes patients to become symptomatic within a day,” Josef explained. “From the time the fever develops they should be contagious though they would not become violent yet.”
“How long would that take to happen?”
“Consider, my Fuhrer, that those who are caring for these sick ones could also become infected even before the violence. Transmission should occur by contact with fluid transfer to the mucous membranes. This wouldn’t be as sure as transmission through blood like a bite, but it is possible.”
Adolf sat down on a couch opposite Mengele. “So you’re saying that these non-violent infected have the potential to infect many people before anyone realizes the problem.”
“If they are only looking for the violence before they become fearful then, yes, these could infect quite a few and it might spread through the non-violent rapidly before the onset of further symptoms. A whole group, previously thought to be fine could become suddenly feverish and then violent within hours after.”
Adolf considered this. “What about resistance to the strain? After all, not everyone is susceptible to the same diseases.”
“True,” Josef admitted. “But those people would present a negligible threat to the spread. They would be running for their lives, soon killed by the others. You’ve seen already what they would be up against.”
“Yes,” Adolf said, remembering the Jew at Auschwitz.
“Now, multiply that kind of threat by hundreds of thousands.”
“But we can reverse these effects?” Adolf asked. “I don’t want a world of these things. It must be contained to the Allies.”
“Containment will be the more difficult aspect,” Josef said. “We cannot control where people go or who they come into contact with. However, once we synthesize more of the vaccine we can even sell it to these nations. Your war coffers would be refilled overnight. There will be a tremendous amount of wealth left lying in banks and vaults in every one of these nations.”
Adolf liked the sound of that. The war had bankrupted them already, as was evidenced by their current state. If he was going to reclaim what had been lost and more, money would be necessary.
“Josef, you said that you had become infected.”
“Yes.”
“And that you are a carrier now?”
“Yes.”
“Have I been exposed to this virus then?” Adolf asked.
Josef remained very still at this point. He knew what the answer was. He ran down his contact with people since the incident all the way up to this point. “Potentially,” Josef said.
Adolf rose immediately, his expression threatening.
Josef rose with him, hoping the man wouldn’t strike him. Adolf’s temper and his strength were terrible to behold. “However, you are immune, my Fuhrer,” he said quickly. “The vaccine was made from your blood sample. You already have immunity to this virus.”
Adolf considered this and his temper began to quell. But then he thought again. “Could I be a carrier?”
Josef nodded.
“Anna? My unborn child?”
Adolf’s anger was kindled again. He remembered the gentlemanly kiss of her hand as Josef had entered the room with them.
“But the child is of your blood and the mother protected because of the child,” Josef hastened to say.
Adolf looked ready to strangle the doctor. “You had better hope so, Josef. We will watch and see if what you say is true. But if anything amiss happens to Anna, you will die by my hand.”
Josef gulped. Then he nodded. He hoped he was right. His life now depended upon it.



Doppelganger

Sadie woke the next morning, realizing only then that she had managed to drift off to sleep again even after the appearance of Lucifer in her room. Malak-esh had never warned her again of his return. She was still safe, but wary of the visit. She couldn’t imagine that he had simply been looking for something to do with his time last night.
Still, there was nothing she could do about the Fallen and her hunt for her last target must begin today. She considered the fight with Southresh again. Matters had gone much better than expected. Her confidence was emboldened now to finish the task with Adolf. 
Once she had disposed of him, she could then return to America. She missed her father and she missed Cole. Sadie hoped Cole had decided to wait for her like he had promised. They could finally have a life together.
At least, that was the plan. She hoped they could have a life together. But the realization that she was nearing her goal—the goal she had focused upon for years now—made her wonder if she could return to a life that didn’t revolve around hunting down her adversaries. A dread of the normal hung in the back of her mind. 
She did her best to push that kind of thinking aside and walked out of her room at the inn. She came to the kitchen, finding the wife of the inn keeper there preparing breakfast for her guests. It smelled good, but Sadie didn’t want to waste any time. She paid her bill and departed.
Emerging on the street, Sadie couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Across the street, on the sidewalk opposite, stood Adolf in his dress uniform. His cap was held under his left arm. A swastika armband wrapped his right bicep.
“Surprised to see me?” he said.
Despite standing across the two lane street from the man, Sadie heard every word perfectly. The smug look on his face was outrageous. She had been chasing him for so long, and now here he was. His audacity kindled the flames of her anger anew.
“You seemed to be having such a hard time of it.” Adolf said. “I decided that you must have some help if you were ever going to catch me.”
Sadie was too furious to speak. She bared her teeth at him, calling Malak-esh to her hand. The weapon came obediently, appearing quickly and gleaming with power.
“Let us see if you are truly up to the task!” Adolf said, springing sideways to his right. A portal envelope swallowed his form almost instantly.
Sadie hadn’t even noticed the shimmer of its presence. Stranger than this was the knowledge that Adolf could create portals at all. It had been her understanding that he did not possess this ability. Clearly, she had been misinformed.
She launched herself across the street after him. Portals were clumsy devices when compared with other means of teleportation. It was a fact that even vampires, who normally possessed no skill with portal constructs, could still apply enough energy to activate the tell-tale traces left behind in order to follow their prey through.
Sadie employed a similar technique here, activating Adolf’s portal trace and passing through after him. She would thus be delivered to the same place where he reappeared. Adolf was a fool if he thought he could lose her this way.
The portal gave way to daylight again. Adolf was running down a cobbled street ahead of her. A quick glance told her that they were no longer in the same city. This didn’t even look like Germany. The language on several signs was oriental, possibly Chinese, but she had no time to concern herself.
Adolf drew his pistol and fired. Bullets ricocheted from a nearby wall. Several more shots hit the window of a parked car as she passed. She raised the sword and kept after him.
He turned and created a portal several meters ahead. Adolf passed through, leaving only the remnants of his laughter. Sadie gritted her teeth and followed, leaping through mere seconds after he vanished. She had to add her own power to the construct, but it was a simple matter for someone with her level of power.
She could sense that Adolf was attempting to shut the portals down in some way, like sucking out all of the energy he had put to their constructs in the first place. She wasn’t sure if that was possible. However, if he did manage to collapse the construct completely, she guessed that it would essentially be like he had never created the portal in the first place. If that happened, she wouldn’t be able to follow him.
Sadie emerged again, this time in Paris. The Eiffel Tower looming in the near distance left her with no doubt. Adolf was running ahead, trying to get to another portal. His look was more desperate now. Perhaps he had not expected her to stay with him so easily, and the threat of Malak-esh remained very real as she carried it like a torch running through the street after him.
The street was still dark here. The sun had not quite risen yet. If only the people of this city—of this country—could know who it was that was running madly through their street. They would have rushed out as a mob to seize Adolf and put him to death.
But there was no one else out at this hour. They rushed down the dew wet street—him running, and her chasing. Adolf uttered a curse at her in German just before diving through the portal.
Sadie saw it drawing down before her. She struggled to make it. The circular opening was closing, a barely defined shimmer that he was pulling apart before she could get to it. She never would have guessed that he could do this. It was a trick even she had never learned.
Increasing her speed, pushing her self to the limit, Sadie dashed toward the collapsing portal. She launched herself at the meager shimmer, hoping she wouldn’t be too late. She took hold of the portal in her mind, trying to open it again, but he was fighting from the other side to close it and she couldn’t overcome his will upon it.
Seeing she wouldn’t make it if she ran, she dove. Passing through, the portal snapped completely shut behind her. She had made it. But this cat and mouse game could not continue. Sadie knew she had to do something fast, when they emerged again, or she might lose him.



Sitting inside the Berghof, drinking scotch from stubby crystal tumblers, the last thing either Adolf Hitler or Josef Mengele had been expecting was the shimmering distortion that rippled the air before the far wall like the disturbed surface of a pond. However, the next event easily beat out the portal construct for least expected occurrence.
Adolf Hitler, in full military dress, leaped out of the air at the portal to stand before them. He began to speak quickly. He also changed his appearance.
“Lucifer?” Adolf asked, looking down at the scotch left in his glass and then up at the angel who had just been disguised as him.
“I’m offering you one final opportunity to prove yourself to me, Adolf,” Lucifer said. The portal still shimmered in the air behind him like the surface of a pool.
Mengele stood dumbfounded, unable to speak.
Behind the angel, the portal began to do something. Adolf realized someone else was about to come through. He couldn’t figure out what was going on.
Lucifer grinned at him, and the portal behind simultaneously changed color from almost clear to an angry red. Someone passed through like they had been diving into a pool. The portal, suddenly charged with a different sort of energy, crackled with what appeared to be red lightning.
The energy conducted to the woman as she passed through the membrane. She cried out in pain and then hit the floor before them with a heavy thump. A weapon—a sword he realized—skittered across the floor from her hand. The weapon came to rest at Adolf’s feet.
He started in surprise as recognition dawned upon him. “Malak-esh!”



How had this happened? That thought was all that kept coming to mind. He hadn’t expected Lucifer to come again to him—at least not in this manner, handing him possibly one of the most powerful weapons ever made and his adversary on a platter. If anything, he had been concerned that the angel might kill him. But never this.
Reflexively, Adolf reached down for the sword lying on the tile floor before him. Josef only watched. He hadn’t said a word yet. Behind the angel, the portal had disappeared completely.
“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” Lucifer warned. “At least, not if you want to live.”
Adolf paused half way to the floor. He began to withdraw his hand. “Why?” he asked.
“I would have thought you knew already,” Lucifer said. “That weapon belongs to the girl. It knows her and will function only for her.”
“And if I had grabbed it?”
“You might be dead right now,” Lucifer said. “I’m not sure. Best not to risk it, especially when you could use the weapon in my service.”
Adolf straightened, considering the angel. Mengele looked between them. He was still speechless.
“How can I use a weapon that will not obey me?”
“I’ve been asking myself that same question for years,” Lucifer commented.
Adolf glared at him.
“Her blood is the key to control,” Lucifer said. “However, her death will send the blade away to whomever she may have chosen as a successor. Already, she received this weapon from Oliver James that very way.”
“If you had her blood upon your hands then the sword would think you were the girl!” Josef said, bursting into the conversation.
Adolf and Lucifer gave the doctor an odd look. Adolf was actually surprised that Lucifer had allowed Josef remain alive. Then again, if there was anyone who seemed a disciple of this fallen angel it was Josef Mengele. He was called the Angel of Death by many already.
“What do you want me to do?” Adolf said.
“Kill the father when he comes for his daughter,” Lucifer said.
“How do you know West will come?”
Lucifer smiled. “Of course, he will come. The blood bond will guide him right to her and you. But you will be equally matched with Angel Fire in your hand. Just remember to keep the girl unconscious. Your doctor can accomplish that, I think. Otherwise, she will take the weapon from you in a heartbeat.”
Adolf stood there for a moment, considering the angel’s words. “And what will I receive for this service?” Adolf asked. “Will you restore me to power. Will you destroy my enemies?”
“Of course,” Lucifer said evenly. “You will have all that you deserve.”



Desperation

Brody brought his axe down again, splitting the log with one clean blow. He was tired and sweating. It felt good to be outside. It felt good to be working. With April drawing to a close it was getting much warmer. 
Cole had been away for three days. Brody wasn’t sure where he had gone. He checked in on a regular basis, but with Sadie gone for so long now he didn’t stay around all of the time.
It was a sad situation for Brody. He had hoped that the feelings Cole and Sadie had for one another would have been enough to pull her away from this insane vendetta. But even love could not keep her from chasing phantoms.
He felt bad for Cole as well. The young man didn’t deserve this kind of treatment from anyone. He was a faithful and good friend. He wouldn’t leave Brody here alone for long, probably because he didn’t want Sadie to know the loss of both parents as Cole had experienced. That and he knew that Brody had been his father’s best friend.
Still, Brody had regained a good deal of his strength over the years since Adolf had attacked him. The ability to kill with his touch had not been as potent in him as it had been in his father Grayson Stone. Brody was truly thankful for that fact. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be alive now.
Another log on the stump. He whipped the axe back over his shoulder, preparing to bring it down again. A feeling struck him suddenly, causing him to hold his swing.
Malak-esh was stored away in the dimensional space around him. But the sword was pulsing with power now. An angel was near, one of the Fallen. That was the only time it came to life on its own like this.
Brody paused and waited. Would it be an attack? Somehow, he didn’t think so. This wasn’t Southresh. He would have felt the angel’s nearness even without the warning pulse of Angel Fire. And, since he knew of no other fallen angel in the world except Lucifer…
He turned. Sure enough, the angel stood not ten yards away before him. He was dressed in a suit of more current style, though not American style. European Brody noticed. He didn’t give any more thought to it than that. It was unimportant.
Brody waited. He did not speak. Since the angel was making the effort here, he would see what he wanted before he said a word.
For almost sixty seconds Lucifer also said nothing. Then, when it was clear Brody would not open up the conversation, he did. “Your health seems to be returning.”
Brody sighed. “I have no time for your games. I’m going to call out to my Heavenly Father. When I do, you will have to flee.”
“So I should be quick?” Lucifer asked. “Very well. Adolf has your precious daughter.”
Brody straightened. He appraised the angel for a moment. “You want me to go to her,” he said. “Obviously, this is a trap.”
“Obviously,” Lucifer said, grinning. “But I’m sure that won’t stop you.”
Brody was breathing harder now, his heart rate increasing with every second. “No,” he breathed, closing his eyes, leaning upon the axe now set against the stump. “Heavenly Father, I ask for your help to save my daughter. I am not capable of winning this fight, any fight, without you. Please give me victory today over my enemy in the name of my savior Jesus Christ.”
Brody opened his eyes again. Lucifer was no longer standing there. Brody knew that he would have gone as soon as his prayer began. He could not remain, but had to flee.
So, his daughter had come to be captured. He had wondered when something like this might happen. Hoping it wouldn’t had not prevented it. Her possessing Malak-esh had not stopped it. Brody sighed. He was her father. Trap or not, he had no choice.
Cole was not there with him. In a way, he was glad of that fact. If he was about to go to his death, then he did not want to risk the young man’s life along with his own. But he wouldn’t go without a word either.
Brody appeared inside the house again. He scrawled a hasty message: Sadie in danger. Adolf has her.
This would be enough. He had made preparation years ago. In the event of his death, Malak-esh would go to Cole. There was no one else worthy to wield the weapon.
Brody made a change of clothing with his mind. From work shirt and jeans, his dress changed to dark pants, boots, a dark shirt and a black duster. He had not gone into battle in years, but he had kept up on his skills. Malak-esh seemed to be waiting to be freed. It soon would be.



Karlheinz had ordered the doors shut at the Reich Chancellery bunker, also known as the Fuhrerbunker. He turned to his new wife, Eva. They had married only days ago. However, since he had long before assumed the role and life of his leader, Adolf Hitler, she would be known as having married him. Karlheinz had ceased to exist long ago.
He kissed his wife and poured wine for them. She was talking, asking him what they would do now. How long would the Allies be kept at bay here in the bunker? Did he have a means of escape planned?
Karl could only smile and nod, handing her the glass of wine he had prepared for her. She took the glass, looking into his eyes. The noise of battle in Berlin was kept at bay down here.
“Are you sure we shouldn’t leave Germany?” she asked.
Karl sat beside her with a glass of wine in his hand also. “Do you trust me, my love?”
“Of course, darling,” she said.
He closed his eyes, sighing, then opened them again to look at her. “Then do not worry. I have planned our escape.”
Eva nodded, sitting back on the couch. She brought the glass to her lips and drew the wine into her mouth and swallowed. Karl closed his eyes again.
Within seconds, he heard the glass drop from her hands. There was a slight gurgling deep within her throat. Karl did not open his eyes until she became still.
Even then, he did not look at her face. He wanted the final memory of his wife to be of her alive. The poison had twisted her expression. He did not want to see her this way.
He stood and crossed the room. Bombs thumped down upon buildings far across Berlin. The Allies were coming. His Fuhrer’s command had been specific. It was time to obey his master.
He opened his center desk drawer and withdrew his Walther PPK 7.65. He walked back to the sofa, deferring from looking directly at Eva’s drawn figure. He sat upon the couch on her right. Placing the gun to his temple, he fired a single shot.



Adolf did not know when his doppelganger, Karlheinz, killed his wife and himself in Berlin. It did not matter. He had made the arrangement months ago when it became clear that the Allies would take Berlin. The thought planted in Karlheinz’s mind, Adolf had known that he would carry out the plan to the letter without reservation. Such was his power as being descended from sprites.
Even his Anna would obey his every word. Only his death could break the spell he had upon her mind. But with Malak-esh in his possession, his death was distant in his thoughts now.
Yes, Lucifer had said that Brody West would come. But Adolf did not fear this man now. Not when the odds had been turned in his favor. After all, what was the great fear that everyone had held for the man? That sword. It and it alone had almost guaranteed that no one could defeat him. Not anymore.
The bunker he had built here at the Berghof would provide the perfect place for him to end this matter once and for all with West. It had been a long time coming. Adolf had failed to kill the man and avenge his own father. He had been robbed of that opportunity. Now, he had another chance. He meant not to waste it.
“I want you to go,” Adolf said to Mengele.
The doctor turned from the girl. Sadie was lying on a gurney. There Mengele had strapped her down and given her what Adolf had provided to keep the girl sedated.
“But this will kill her,” Mengele had said.
“No,” Adolf had assured him. “She is a Lycan. Poison Dart frog venom is just the thing to keep her down for as long as I need.”
Mengele walked to him, watching Adolf with the sword in his hands. “The blood, it worked,” he said.
Adolf held Malak-esh in his hands, admiring the weapon’s mercurial blade. His hands were stained crimson red with Sadie’s blood. She had been kept alive, but enough had been taken to coat his hands and the hilt of the sword. It would comply with anyone holding it, for now.
“Go away?” the doctor asked. “Why? Where?”
“I have a portal construct in place. It was made for me by some of the best spell casters still living.”
“I don’t know,” Josef said. “I am a man of science. I don’t understand all of these mystical things that happen around you. I wouldn’t know how to—”
“You don’t need to know,” Adolf said. “I can send you anywhere. Japan would be best. You are known. If the Allies find you, they will kill you. Take the virus to our allies in Japan.”
“They will not let me keep it, if they find it on me,” Josef said.
“I’m not sending you to the Imperial Command,” Adolf explained. “I was thinking Hiroshima. Take the virus there. If it becomes clear that Japan will fall then I want you to unleash it.”
“In Japan?”
“Only if the Allies are going to take it,” Adolf said. “When they invade the island, they will take the disease back with them. It will spread. You have been vaccinated. I’m safe and Anna and my unborn child are safe.”
Josef stared at him for a long moment. “And if you don’t survive this?”
Adolf glared at him. “I have no intention of losing.”
Josef said nothing.
“However,” Adolf continued, “if I die here today, then the world will burn.”
“But I—”
Adolf stared into Josef’s eyes, taking hold of the man’s mind with his own. “You do understand my orders don’t you, Josef?”
Josef gazed back at him in sudden wonder of the man. He nodded eagerly now. “Yes, I understand. I will release the virus in Japan. I will do it for you.”
Adolf smiled. “Very good, Josef. Let’s get you on your way then.”
He walked Josef to the looking glass hanging upon the wall. It stood the height of a man. Adolf touched the glass. It shimmered beneath his fingers. “Hiroshima, Japan,” he said and then removed his touch. The portal continued to shimmer like water.
“Step through, Josef, and farewell.”
The doctor nodded and then stepped through the glass with the silver briefcase still handcuffed to his wrist. Inside the case, a vial rested. And, inside the vial, a virus waited to be unleashed upon the world.
Adolf waited a moment, wanting to be sure that Mengele had been transported to his destination. Then he raised Malak-esh and struck it across the mirror, destroying the portal for good. The glass shattered with a slight electrical discharge arcing to the blade as it went through. Now, no one would be able to follow the doctor.
He turned. Anna stood on the other side of the room, waiting for him. He smiled at her, but she was entranced at the moment, staring into the distance.
“Anna, my love,” he said.
She looked at him now. “You will not remember any of these things. Not meeting me. Nothing at all but the life you had with your parents when you were still young.”
“My parents?”
“They moved to London several years ago,” he said. “You’re going to go see them.”
She did not seem to understand. Of course, this was normal. He had held her under his mental control for so long it was expected that she would not know anything now that he was wiping her memory of him. 
Still, it had to be done. He would not have her suffer because of him. If he failed to kill West then she would never remember him. She would have a life with her parents and with their child. If he did kill West and then escape, then he would know where to reclaim his family.
“Take this,” he said, holding out a small silver sphere.
Anna took the sphere from his hand. “What is it?”
“This will take you into the future, away from this time, away from this war. These were made for me by a great spell caster. One of the few remaining Sons of Anarchy.”
He held up another. “I have one just like it. We can be together in another time. While this present calamity passes, we will be kept safe, waiting. Then we will all be together.”
“Together?” she asked, still comprehending nothing that he said.
He smiled. “I love you, Anna,” he said and kissed her.
This did not register either, but it didn’t matter. All that was left now was to speak the word and send her into a spelled limbo that would release her only years into the future, when they would be forgotten and safe.
A flash of light erupted behind him.



Brody West stood next to the gurney where Sadie had been strapped down. His gaze found Adolf instantly. His eyes took in Malak-esh in Adolf’s hands. He saw Anna Parks standing there as well. She was obviously with child. He hadn’t realized what had happened to her, that she had been with Adolf all of this time. He was shocked by it all.
Adolf spoke a word. “Proficiscor.”
Brody wasn’t sure, but he thought it might be Latin for depart.
A radiant light whirled around Anna Parks and tore her away from the room. Some kind of portal. Adolf was sending her away.
Brody began to stalk toward him. “It did not have to be this way, Adolf. You should have left well enough alone.”
“I still owe you, old man, for the death of my father!”
Adolf ran at him with Malak-esh raised high. Brody could see the blood upon his hands. He assumed this must be how he was controlling the sword and why Sadie was unconscious on the gurney. A brilliant maneuver, but it wasn’t going to help him. Not if he had anything to say about it.
However, Brody still hadn’t produced his own Angel Fire sword.
“Time to die, old man!” Adolf shouted.
But when he drew within twenty feet, Brody whipped out a Sten MK3 submachine gun from beneath his duster. Adolf’s eyes grew wide with surprise and horror. He hadn’t expected such a thing.
Brody opened fire. Adolf attempted to deflect bullets, but Malak-esh had only been given the power to absorb magical attacks like those produced by Superomancers and angels. In this situation, it was only a sword.
Bullets tore into Adolf’s body, driving him backwards. Malak-esh fell away from his hands as they were hit multiple times by gunfire. His uniform was bloodied, but he wasn’t dead yet.
Adolf picked himself back up, standing defiantly to his feet again. As he straightened, he laughed. Blood ran down his face and stains spread on his shredded khaki pants and jacket. He gained strength every second.
“Did you forget my ability to heal, old man?!” he shouted.
Brody’s mouth turned up in a slight grin. “No, Adolf, I didn’t forget.”
He tossed the submachine gun with its spent magazine down to the concrete floor. Then he dashed across the space between them as a blur. Three broad blindingly fast steps closed the gap. Adolf held out his hands to deliver a death grip. Brody called his own Malak-esh to his hands.
The mercurial blade drove through Adolf’s chest as he laid his hands upon Brody’s face. Brody released the sword, breaking the grip Adolf was trying to hold upon him before any damage could be done. Adolf staggered backward with Angel Fire still driven through him. 
He fell to his knees finally, his healing power unable to overcome the blade. Adolf fell forward onto his face as Malak-esh vanished from the wound, returning to Brody’s waiting hand. He shut his eyes, unwilling to take any chances on the man rising again. Brody sent a fire into Adolf’s body, burning him to ash in seconds with a white hot flame.
The deed was done.
Brody lifted Sadie’s weapon from the floor. There was no danger. The sword would not obey him, even if he had decided to use it, but he could still carry it.
He brought the blade back to Sadie and placed it with her. She had been drugged and there was nothing he could do for her except allow whatever it was to wear off. Brody cut her chains with his own sword and then placed his hand upon his daughter. A moment later, she was transported back to their home in Tennessee. She would wake up the next day in her own bed none the worse for wear.
Brody, however, still had a loose end to tie up. Anna Parks had been sent away. A woman who was apparently working with Adolf and probably carrying his child. All of these problems had been caused by Grayson Stone’s child. He wouldn’t have Adolf’s unborn son one day rising to do the same things. It was a terrible business, but it had to be done.
He strode back to the place where Anna had been standing when she vanished. A portal trace was still present. He would be able to follow her through to wherever she had gone. She had only been gone ten minutes. He would arrive after her by only that much. Even if she tried to hide herself, it would be unlikely that she could be successful in that amount of time.
Applying the necessary energy to the portal construct still in place, Brody watched as the spell took hold. The portal energized once more. Brody West walked through.



Dilemma

Cole had fortunately found Sadie sitting upon the couch in their home in Kingston before he found Brody’s note. In fact, Sadie was holding the note crumpled in her hand when he arrived. She looked a mess, like she had been in a fight and hadn’t bothered to clean up yet.
When she looked up at him, she was sobbing, tears still fresh on her cheeks. “He’s gone,” she said, sounding utterly bewildered.
“Gone? What do you mean?”
Sadie proffered the crumpled paper as he drew near. Cole took the page and read the words Brody had left. He didn’t know what to make of it. This didn’t make sense.
“He addressed it to you,” Sadie said. “Why weren’t you here with him?”
The words stung him. Cole looked up from the page at her, glaring. “Why wasn’t I here with him?”
Sadie relented. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I know it wasn’t your place. I’m just frantic, Cole. He’s gone.”
“Now, wait a moment,” he said, trying not to panic. He didn’t even understand what the note meant yet. “Explain this to me. Why would he leave a note saying he’s gone to rescue you when you’re here at home, safe and sound?”
“But I wasn’t,” she said, starting to cry again. “I’m not sure what happened. I was chasing him and then, all of a sudden, I’m waking up here instead.”
Cole sat down beside her. “Calm down. I don’t know what’s happened,” he said soothingly. “Tell me everything you remember and maybe we can figure out what’s going on together.”
Sadie took several deep breaths, trying to rein in her emotions. She dried her tears on her sleeve. Cole waited patiently until she had calmed down enough to begin.
“Last we knew, you were in Japan hunting Southresh,” Cole said.
“That’s right,” Sadie replied. “I followed him a long way, all across the islands. Then I found him in Horyu-ji in Ikaruga. He lured me to a Buddhist temple there.”
“Lured you? A trap?”
“Don’t worry, I knew it was a trap from the beginning,” she said. “I wasn’t going to let that dissuade me.”
Cole held his tongue. Knowing that she had not been harmed allowed him to push back the fears he naturally felt from hearing that she had knowingly walked into Southresh’s hands. He nodded instead, allowing her to continue.
“I faced Southresh and defeated him,” she said.
Cole’s raised his brow in surprise.
“You didn’t think I could do it?” she asked, but the anger was gone from her tone. “I’m still surprised myself. But, yes, I killed his host. Southresh is back in Tartarus now.”
“You’re sure of that?” he asked.
Sadie nodded. “After I killed his host and departed, I stayed the night in Germany, preparing to go after Adolf again. That night Lucifer appeared in my room.”
The hairs on the back of Cole’s neck stood up. Again, he had to quell his fear for her. He kept reminding himself that she was here with him. She was safe.
“Did he say anything?” Cole asked.
“He said that he felt Southresh leave this world,” Sadie explained. “So, I think he must really be gone.”
“What else? Surely that wasn’t all he came for.”
“He threatened that we couldn’t stop his true plans, that Adolf’s time was drawing to a close anyway,” she said. “He didn’t seem to care that I was after him.”
“And that’s all?”
“He left me after that,” she continued. “But, when I woke the next morning and departed the inn, Adolf was standing across the street. He taunted me.”
Cole looked puzzled. “That seems odd. How would he have known where to find you? Especially when you had only come from Japan the night before.”
“Maybe Lucifer told him?”
“And Adolf would just show up?” Cole said, balking at the idea. “He knows that you have Malak-esh. All this time he’s been running from you, using decoys and such. Did he bring an army with him?”
“It was only Adolf,” Sadie replied. “When I tore after him, he did run. In fact, he led me on a chase through several portals.”
“Wait a minute,” Cole said, interrupting her. “Adolf can’t construct portals.”
“I wondered about that,” she said. “But I saw him do it.”
Cole was shaking his head. “Something’s not right. Why did you follow him?”
“I wasn’t thinking about that,” she explained, her tone growing angry. “I just wanted to get him finally.”
Cole studied her, considering her story. “It was a trap,” he said after a moment.
“Probably, but—”
“No,” he interrupted. “I don’t mean Adolf. I’ve known him most of my life. We were close back in our youth. Adolf did not have the ability to create portal constructs. He’s not a spell caster. Someone else must have—”
“Who else?” she asked.
“Lucifer was the only one, that you know of, who knew where you were,” he said. “He could have appeared to you as Adolf and he can generate portals all day long.”
Sadie’s anger began to slip. She considered what he was saying. “He was taunting me,” she said. “Like he wanted me to follow him.”
Cole was nodding in agreement. “Of course, but why?”
Sadie looked into his eyes. “That’s where I can’t remember,” she said. “I was chasing him, dogging his heels. He emerged several times and leaped back through different portals. I thought at the time that he was trying to slip away from me. Each time I thought I might lose him only made me try that much harder. The last one I barely got through.”
Cole gave her a questioning look.
“He was drawing the portals down after he went through,” she explained. “Like he was pulling away even the portal traces so that I wouldn’t be able to follow.”
“Making sure that you would rush ahead without thinking about whether it was really Adolf?”
Sadie nodded. “I was so angry. I didn’t care that it all seemed strange to me. I just wanted to catch him and end this mess once and for all.”
Cole smiled. “I understand,” he said.
“But you don’t really believe it was Adolf?”
“Do you?” he asked.
“I suppose not, now that I consider the evidence.”
“Where did he lead you?” Cole asked.
“I don’t know,” she answered. “I barely made it through the last and then…nothing. Pain, maybe. But I don’t remember anything else other than waking up here. I found this note also.”
Cole looked at the paper again. “Obviously, Brody knew that you were in trouble. But if you didn’t tell him then someone else must have. He would have gone without hesitation and without delay. Whomever told him must have known that also.”
“You think Lucifer used me as bait in order to trap my father?” Sadie asked, tears welling in her eyes again. She stood, beginning to pace. “Of course, he did. That’s just the sort of thing he would do, and I fell for it. Because of me!”
Cole stood also, trying again to calm her before she began to panic. “He left me a note,” he said. “He knew where he was headed. He knew where you were, even though he didn’t leave it written for me to follow.”
“Yes, and he went,” she said, becoming even more agitated than before. “I caused this!”
“But you’re here,” Cole said.
“What?”
“You’re here,” Cole repeated. “You were being held, possibly unconscious, since you can’t remember, and now you’ve awoke here. Brody must have been successful. Whomever did this surely wouldn’t let you go. Even if they wanted Brody, they wouldn’t just send you home once they got him. He had to be the one to save you and send you back here.”
Sadie had stopped pacing, trying to comprehend what he was saying. Then the obvious struck her. “Then why didn’t he return with me?”
Cole puzzled. “I don’t know.”
“And why can’t I sense him now?” Sadie asked. “I can’t feel him anywhere. He’s my father and I can’t sense him in the world at all.”
Cole considered this. “You’re right,” he said after a moment. “We shared a blood bond long ago, but I can’t feel him either.”
“And our blood bond is even stronger,” she continued. “It’s as though he’s vanished from the face of the Earth.”



Josef Mengele paused at the newsstand. He had been allowed another three hours out in the city with a military escort. This escort had been assigned to him the next day after his arrival. He had been identified rapidly as a foreigner and the heavy military presence currently in Hiroshima meant that he was turned over quickly by the local authorities.
Both the 2nd General Army and the Chugoku Regional Army were headquartered in Hiroshima. Fortunately, he had been able to successfully identify himself as a member of Hitler’s staff. It may have been the only thing to save his life. Still, the Japanese were on high alert and they weren’t about to let him go running about on his own.
Josef was allowed to take walks, so long as his guards remained with him. As much for his own safety as anything else, according the local battalion commander. Josef had not argued the point.
His silver case containing the Rage Virus had been abandoned almost as quickly as he arrived. Fortunately, it had been after midnight in the Japanese islands at the time. Josef had known what would happen if anyone spotted the case. The virus would be confiscated immediately. And, if they had discovered what he was carrying, the local officials would have put him to death, supposing he meant to unleash it upon the population here.
Josef had managed to remove the necessary vial and hide it on his person. The vaccine remained with the Fuhrer himself, contained within his blood. The case had been buried within a trash bin. When the local authorities came to him the following morning, he presented his papers and was led straight to the battalion commander.
Mengele looked out over the harbor. The sun was beating down upon him, sparkling off of the water there at Ujina Port. Great battle ships were preparing to depart for the war still raging in the Pacific.
He turned back to the newspapers lying on the shelf of the newsstand. Josef did not have to be able to read Japanese in order to know what was written there. Splashed all over the front page of the paper was the black and white photograph of his Fuhrer. It was clear from the din around him and by the prominence of the picture that Adolf Hitler was dead.
His Fuhrer’s final command rang in his mind, overtaking his thoughts. Hitler had ordered him to unleash the virus here in Hiroshima. He considered this action for a moment. He had no desire to disobey. There was only the matter of how to accomplish the task effectively.
The man running the newspaper stand was saying something to him in Japanese. His tone and his motions made it abundantly clear that he was not running a library. If Josef wanted to read the paper then he would have to pay for the privilege.
The method came to him then.
Josef fingered the vial in his pocket. He thumbed off the stopper, allowing the liquid medium inside to spill into his palm and wash over his fingers. He removed this hand, rubbing it with his other as though applying lotion.
The doctor then approached the man behind his stand. He smiled at him, holding out his hand in a show of good will. The man looked at him askance for a moment and then, noticing the armed military escort with the foreigner, held out his own hand and shook with the stranger.
Since the man’s hands were sweaty already and no doubt dirtier than Josef’s, he didn’t seem to notice the moisture. In fact, upon withdrawing his own hand, the man drew the back of it across his mouth and nose. Nodding and smiling now, he handed Josef a newspaper.
When the doctor offered to pay, the man shooed him away affectionately. No doubt the presence of the military guard had been the reason for his sudden good mood. But Josef didn’t mind. He had received the paper, despite the fact that he couldn’t read a word of it. In return, Josef had given this man something no one else in the world could impart. He had given him Rage.



Little Boy

Colonel Paul Tibbets could not relax at the controls of his B-29 bomber. The Enola Gay had been a faithful girl. She and her crew had come through many tough scrapes during her career. But this flight was different. They had never flown a mission like this before. No one had.
Flanked by two other super fortresses, one to monitor the weather for them and the other do principle photography for the event, the Enola Gay carried on, driving high through the sky with the Japanese islands now below them. If all went well today, another mission would soon follow.
Paul’s hopes were high. Their new super weapon, it had been decided, could not be spared. The dire situation in Japan required an extreme response. Already a number of cities had been subjected to firebombing. Many had died. But the greatest threats from the Japanese remained in two principle cities: Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Here, it had been discovered by Central Command, were the hotspots for a super virus evidently developed by the Japanese as a last resort against Allied invasion. During the war in the Pacific, the American Navy had already witnessed the sort of tactics the Japanese were willing to employ in order to kill their enemies.
The Kamikaze had destroyed numerous vessels. Flying their bomb-laden planes into the sides of destroyers and cruisers, they had managed maximum damage. They did not consider their lives too great a cost to accomplish the desires of their emperor.
The boys on the ground had already taken to calling this terrifying disease the Kamikaze Plague. All because the Japanese were willing to sacrifice themselves in order to spread this killer virus to the soldiers encroaching upon their territory. Just like the Kamikaze pilots ramming their fighter planes into Allied ships, the citizens of the island nation were willing to feed their bodies to this monster in order to wrestle their enemies into death with them.
As far as Paul and his crew were concerned, the bomb couldn’t have come at a better time. “By the grace of God Almighty,” a few had even said. He had never known the boys to be religious, but he couldn’t help agreeing with them on this point. The firebombing campaigns had done a good job in smaller outbreak areas, burning everything down to the ground, but this was large scale. It required more than what they could accomplish with conventional weapons.
Before he knew it, Hiroshima lay before them, the early morning sun bathing it in bright light. “Ferebee,” Paul called over the radio headset.
“Yes, Colonel?”
“It’s time,” Paul said. “Turning over control to you on my mark. Three, two, one, go.”
“I’ve got her, Colonel,” Ferebee said. “Commencing our run.”
Major Thomas Ferebee assumed control of the Enola Gay, marking the time at 8:09AM. Little Boy waited in its harness. Time crept by onboard, every second ticking by with enough anxiety to put the whole crew in sanitariums for a year. Bombay doors opened in preparation. The bomb was armed and ready to drop.
At precisely 8:15AM, Little Boy was released from the belly of the Enola Gay. A crosswind blew that morning. Not so much that it would make a difference. Eight hundred feet off the mark wasn’t much when you were packing one hundred and forty pounds of Uranium-235 and a yield of sixteen kilotons of TNT.



At precisely 8:15AM, Hiroshima time, patients in the Shima Surgical Clinic were fighting against and breaking their bonds asunder. As impossible as it seemed to the nurses and physicians on staff at the clinic, the infected were chewing through the leather gauntlets meant to keep them in their beds. In some cases, patients had erupted into such violent fits that they overturned the stretchers and dragged them along behind them, tethered to the devices but too enraged to care.
They wanted one thing and one thing only—to attack and kill and feed upon those who were attempting to care for them in the clinic. Nurses and physicians scrambled amid a growing chaos, administering analgesics for pain as well as anesthesia drugs that were used for surgery alone, all in a desperate effort to calm their patients, or put them under. Nothing was working.
All across the city, outbreaks were growing worse. Hospitals were filled to capacity with the infected and the injured and the dead. Despite Hiroshima being the headquarters for the 2nd General Army and the Chugoku Regional Army, they were losing to this unprecedented plague outbreak.
Where medicine was failing, the military had taken over, shooting citizens in the streets. Still, the doctors fought on in the hospitals and clinics, wanting to save those they could. But even the caregivers were becoming infected. Clawed and bitten, bruised and beaten, they came down with the same disease within twenty four hours.
At Hiroshima Castle, not far away, the 2nd General Army Headquarters was under siege. The soldiers had been deployed two days before. Barricades had been erected, but the infected clambered over the tops, piling upon one another to breach the army’s makeshift defenses.
The soldiers retreated steadily back toward the castle. After all of their efforts, this was what the war had come to. The Allies, with their supposed humanitarian ideals, had committed genocide upon the people of Japan. Clearly, they had infected the people with a horrific plague meant to transform their own citizens into ravening monsters. All the Allies had to do now was watch as the noble Empire of Japan consumed itself from the inside out.
This was the general belief. This was where the evidence appeared to lead. The Allies were invading. The Japanese were defending their home. Unable to force their way in, the round eyes had taken to subtler tactics. And those tactics were doing their worst.
The streets had turned into killing fields. The infected seemed to be everywhere. Men, women and children. No one was spared. The lines had quickly been drawn. Either you were one of the infected—a mindless, bloodthirsty killing machine—or you were one of the hunted. But running for their lives did little good. The enemy was unseen. You were just as likely to become one of these gruesome ghouls by the next sunrise.
At precisely 8:15AM Hiroshima was in the grip of terror, ripping itself apart. Forty three seconds later, an object that no one could see from the ground, and that no one was looking for, dropped to a height of six hundred meters above the city and detonated.
Directly below Little Boy, within the Shima Surgery Clinic, Doctor Kumao Imoto was screaming for an orderly to pull his scrub nurse off of him. Her eyes were rolled back into her head and her teeth were driven into the flesh of his shoulder through his lab coat. Minutes ago, she had been sitting at the nurse station. Now, she was screaming herself hoarse, rending the man she had worked with for over twelve years.
The orderly Doctor Imoto had been calling to for help was otherwise indisposed, having been assailed by three infected patients who had burst through a barricaded set of doors leading onto the ward. Sho Kanoko battered the plague victims with a steel pipe taken from an IV pole. One went down, writhing on the floor, her skull impacted just behind her left ear.
The two others beset him while he was gathering steam for another swing. All three went down to the floor, one beneath Sho, the other, a child, raking and tearing with bloodied teeth into his back. Sho was attempting to choke the woman caught beneath him while the small boy on his back tore at him furiously.
Then Little Boy rained down fire upon the city. Doctor Imoto and his plague-crazed nurse assistant, along with Sho and the infected assaulting him, as well as every other caregiver and raving mad patient were vaporized instantly as the temperature rose at the ground to 6000° Kelvin, approximately the same as the surface of the sun.
The struggle for survival at Hiroshima Castle some nine hundred yards away was still in motion when detonation occurred.  The castle’s resident military command, as well as the hundreds of soldiers fending off hundreds more of the raging infected, were burned to ash in less than a second. Almost every building within a one mile radius was incinerated and then obliterated by the shockwave. Many more, for miles around, were set ablaze.
Only then did the infected cease their wailing and moaning. Only then did they escape the terrible burning pain and hunger to feed. Days later, when Nagasaki burned, Hiroshima would still be quieted of the infected. However, the pain of those surviving had only just begun.



Out of Time

The flashes of light that accompanied his arrival were not in any way produced by the portal which had delivered him to his present destination. Fireworks popped in the air above him. Launched from a giant Ferris wheel the likes of which Brody had never seen before.
It was absolutely monumental. Then his eyes roved over the scene around him. Where had he come to? He had been following Anna Parks, pregnant with Adolf’s child, if he was any guess.
But this was not Berlin. It wasn’t even Germany. The river beyond the giant wheel—he recognized that river. The Thames. And nearby was the Clock Tower, more recently called Big Ben. He remembered the days when it had not been so.
He stood there among what appeared to be thousands of people celebrating. Had the war ended while he was confronting Adolf in his Berghof bunker? That didn’t make any sense. Besides, the city didn’t look like it had before.
London had been in ruins. Bombs had scattered across the cityscape over the past few years. London had suffered much from Adolf’s Luftwaffe. Yet, the city was unmarred. Not a building in sight was damaged now. In fact, it appeared very modern in comparison with what he had witnessed recently on rare visits.
Brody felt a headache coming on. He was confused. This wasn’t right. Yet, he could sense that no magic was at work here. This was not an illusion. But there were bright lights, electric images projected here and there. He did not know what they were.
He wasn’t sure why the people were celebrating. Everything was wrong. The clothes on the individuals around him, and, in some cases, the lack of clothing on them bore no resemblance to the fashion of the day when he had last seen London. That had only been a year before.
Everywhere there was the din of celebration, of revelry. The bright lights only added to his dismay. What was happening to him?
Couples embraced one another, singing a song he did not recognize. A man holding the hand of another man. What? They began to—
This world was not the world he knew. Some of the buildings and the Thames were right, but the rest…he couldn’t figure out how all of these changes could take place in so short a time. London had been his home for so many years. He had known her as a refined lady, but this was a harlot in comparison with the splendid city he had come to call home.
He had to get his bearings. Where was the woman? Where had Anna gone? He didn’t see her. There were too many people to find her—the crowd too uproarious to pick her out.
Brody paused. He had to look for the right clue. Both of them had passed through a portal. There would be residual energies, traces of the portal matrix upon them both. She would only have arrived minutes before him. A woman in her condition could not have gotten far, especially not in all of this clamor.
Feeling with senses that mere mortals did not possess, Brody picked at the wispy traces of the portal. He could perceive them now. They matched the same that clung to him still.
A trail began to form, passing through the crowd, heading away from the fireworks, moving away from the massive four-faced clock now chiming midnight nearby. Wisps of power like a trail of smoke led him on and he followed.
He saw another group of lights, these were spinning on top of a vehicle. Red lights on top of some kind of van. He did recognize the red medical cross painted upon the white body of the van. An ambulance. The traces of portal energy were leading in that direction.
Brody teleported nearer. He was now standing within thirty feet of the woman. Anna was holding her stomach as if she was in pain. She didn’t appear to be in labor, though it was hard to tell. By his estimation, she didn’t look far enough along.
The medical personnel tended to her. The array of apparatus inside the vehicle left him dumbfounded. He didn’t recognize the kinds of machines they were using—none of them.
Anna was laid out upon a gurney of some kind. Something, a clear mask, was placed over her face, presumably to help her breathe. They strapped her to the gurney and then loaded her inside the ambulance. Closing the doors behind, the men loaded into the front of the vehicle. 
Sirens blared at those who had gathered around to watch the pregnant woman being loaded up. The crowd parted as the ambulance began a steady trek on toward the main road. If things were the same in this strange version of London, then St. Mary’s Hospital was only a few miles away.
Brody teleported after the ambulance, short distances only that left the impression he was a man walking, but that upon closer observation skipped a hundred paces at a time. The vehicle made a slow trip, since traffic was heavy. He didn’t have any trouble keeping up, or remaining inconspicuous.
As he had expected, the hospital was the same that he had remembered. It had been young when he first journeyed across the Atlantic with his father to London. Clearly it was different now—updated—but it was the same basic construction.
He followed nearby as the ambulance made its way around the building to a lower level. Here there were places for the vehicles to park and for patients to disembark into the facility itself. The medics with Anna removed her from the rear of the vehicle and wheeled her inside.
Brody was unsure now what his course of action should be. If he followed her inside, he might well be able to end this now. Obviously, she was in no condition to run. But he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not yet.
All of this was so strange, his surroundings, the city and its citizens. He walked around the hospital again, trying to think. He passed shops full of things he had never laid eyes on before. Lights were everywhere, bright colors and banners.
Then he spotted something that shook him to his core. Rectangular devices displaying moving pictures in color. He had seen larger versions of these: movies they were called. It wasn’t the technology that troubled him now. It was the images being shown.
There on the small screens behind the plate glass window of the shop, the celebration was on display—the same that he had just witnessed below the great Ferris wheel. The fireworks were still going off. He looked back toward the river. The air was quiet. No fireworks now.
Words came across the screens over the moving pictures. Happy New Year! 
Brody gasped. It was impossible. How could this have happened. And yet he knew that it must also be true. This was the puzzle piece to explain all that he was witnessing.
He was really in London, but it wasn’t 1945 any longer. The portal he and Anna Parks had passed through—somehow they had been held within and then released much later. This was the beginning of the next century: January 1st 2000.



RAGE: CRISIS SEQUENCE ONE

Jonathan Parks never expected to see the end of the
world. He never expected to be the cause of it



Coming Spring 2014

Audible Audio Books available from James Somers

Fallen
Descendant
Revenant
Millennium
Aftermath

Realm Shift
Order of Shaddai
Sword of Gideon

Perdition’s Gate: Inferno: Omnibus Edition
Serpent Kings Saga: Omnibus Edition

www.audible.com

