 
 
Verge of Darkness
 Ollie Odebunmi
 
 
 
Copyright © 2016 Ollie Odebunmi
All Rights Reserved
 
Second edition published Dec 2018
 
Third edition published March 2021
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Prologue
The Philosopher’s Folly
Warnings
The Desolate Peaks
The Jade Castle
To Grasp a Breeze
Zhaojin
Counsel
Black Threads
The Horror
The Usurper
The Hunting Party
A Chance Meeting
The Ghost Fortress
Desolation
The Isle of Kandros
Ausak Demon Bane
Reunion
Hounds in the Night
The High Priestess of Mithros
Maggots in the Gloom
Lessons
Towers in the Clouds
Sacrifice
Aftermath
Epilogue
Threads of Fate: Book Two Teaser
Destiny Awakens
Acknowledgements and a Word from the Author
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prologue
 
 
Elphemina, the High Priestess of the ancient Order of Mithros had been concerned for a while. A nagging worry at the edge of her consciousness had been causing her sleepless nights. 
Seeking answers, she walked the paths of shadow, her spirit-body tracing the myriad threads that determine the fate of man and possible events to come. It was an exhausting process, and she was close to giving up in despair, when a pulsing gold thread drew her attention. Tracing it to its originator, she observed a fair-haired young man hunched over a yellow-aged parchment in a large chamber full of floor-to-ceiling shelves stacked with books and scrolls. Though he was unknown to her, there was something oddly familiar about the cast of his features.
Deciding this warranted more investigation, the priestess retreated to a small room adjoining her quarters. A large oval glass-topped table dominated the windowless room. A large sunburst in glorious colour was painted on the ceiling directly above the table, and a low shelf containing a line of coloured fist-sized stones, ran along a wall.
Elphemina was a tall regal woman, her long golden hair woven into a single braid, hanging down to the small of her back. Her unlined face and well-formed figure suggested a woman in her prime years, but something about her curiously coloured golden eyes suggested she was much older. Indeed, it could be said she was older beyond imagining, for she carried the memories of her predecessors dating back a thousand years. Such a burden has a certain...effect.
Grasping a red scrying-stone, she passed it over the table and whispered the words of power. The room darkened and the glass turned opaque before revealing an image. Elphemina saw the remains of an ancient city, now a blighted landscape of jumbled boulders and huge stone blocks. What remained of seven towers leaned drunkenly in various states of disrepair. She suppressed an involuntary shiver as a chill ran down her spine, for she recognized the ruins.
She passed the red stone over the table again, and another scene presented itself. A boy, dark-skinned and slender, was in earnest conversation with a scrawny, bald old man wearing a ridiculously elaborate ostrich-feather cloak. The boy was laughing, his clear brown eyes sparkling as the old man made a jest. 
The scene faded, and Elphemina saw an ice-covered landscape. A figure swathed in furs sat huddled before a fire in a cave, while thick snowflakes swirled in the wind outside. A huge snow-bear loomed in the mouth of the cave and charged at the figure.
As the figure stood, Elphemina saw it was only a boy, though rather large for his age. Trapped, the boy didn't cower in fear, but drew a broad-bladed dagger and met the enraged monarch of the mountains head-on.
The scene changed, and the boy was now a man, huge, black-bearded and fearsome and sporting a black leather patch over what would have been his left eye. He was swinging a large double-bitted axe with remorseless efficiency as fur-wrapped, mail-clad warriors were locked in fierce combat. Men, faces contorted in fear, scrambled to get out of the way as the wicked looking axe blades splintered skulls and rended flesh in a welter of blood. 
The images faded, and the high priestess now saw a young girl of perhaps ten summers sitting under a tree in a large well-kept garden bordered by high trees. The sun shone from a clear blue sky, but as Elphemina watched, black storm clouds sped across the sky in double-quick time, and the bright summer's day became dark and gloomy.
Rain lashed down, and lightning raced across the heavens. But the girl didn't hurry indoors to seek shelter in the many-storied building Elphemina could see in the background. Instead, she stood and ran about, face raised to the sky, and eyes alight with excitement.
Rainwater plastered her once-curly dark hair to her head and face, and her white dress to her body. A jagged flash of lightning appeared to spear her atop the head, illuminating and turning her translucent, making her skeletal structure momentarily visible to the watcher.
Elphemina gasped in surprise for the lightning sprite didn't shrivel into a burnt-out husk. Instead she raised her head to the heavens, mouth open in joyous laughter.
The scene changed, and the girl was now a striking young woman, slender and lithe with fierce eyes the colour of storm clouds. She was still in the large garden, but this time she was not alone. She was engaged in bare-handed combat with a slightly-built man whose features Elphemina couldn’t make out. Their skill was breath-taking and their movements a blur as they exchanged kicks and punches. The high priestess found herself holding her breath as she wondered which of the two would strike the telling blow. Then she relaxed, a slight smile tugging the corner of her lips as she realised the two were merely play-fighting, sparring to test their skills. 
The scene shifted and this time the slender woman was on the deck of a ship in the midst of a heaving mass of struggling men. Weapons rose and fell, as men hacked at themselves furiously. Wielding two slightly-curved swords, she moved effortless through the melee, almost dance-like as her twin swords licked out, leaving bloodied figures sprawled in her wake. This was no play-fight. As with the axeman Elphemina had observed earlier, men scrambled to get out of her way. The priestess smiled again. It was one thing to see men who fancied themselves warriors soiling themselves in their haste to avoid a blood-splattered colossus, but this was only a slip of a girl. 
The glass atop the table turned dark, then assumed its normal consistency.
Elphemina took a deep breath and let it out with a sigh. Returning the scrying-stone to the shelf, she sat on an upholstered high-backed chair, leaned back, and closed her eyes. The portends were grim, great peril was at hand and it appeared the three figures she had observed would have a hand to play in what was to come. But she needed to know more.
Weary, she climbed to her feet, and moved to the door leading to her bed chamber. Tomorrow, she would walk the paths of shadow again, seeking more enlightenment. 
 
The Philosopher’s Folly
 
 
“No stinkin’ dark-skinned heathen lays his hands on me and tells me what to do!” The words echoed around the now silent tavern, which only a short while ago had rung with appreciation for the musical talents of Aeneas, the young son of Casca, the tavern owner.
Some of the patrons had banged their tankards on tables, spilling more ale on the already sodden straw-covered floor. Others had raised their voices in loud cheers, while those more sunk in their cups, sat silently with moist eyes, as the haunting notes of the seven-stringed kithara touched their very souls.
Aeneas had left the raised podium at the far end of the tavern, winding his way through the packed room toward the bar where a goblet of squeezed summer fruits juice awaited him. A leg snaked out, and unable to keep his balance, he sprawled on the floor, his kithara beneath him.
The neck of the musical instrument painstakingly crafted by his father, cracked under his weight. Not content with that, the lout who tripped him placed his foot on Aeneas’s backside, and propelled him face-first into one of the shallow trays of straw placed throughout the tavern.
Aeneas scrambled to his feet with bits of straw in his fair hair, and a cut on the bridge of his nose. His face crumpled as he saw the broken kithara. The lout guffawed, showing black rotten teeth as his two associates grinned and patted him on the back. 
“You shouldn’t have done that my friend,” Pagan said in a soft voice, as he stepped forward to place a restraining hand on the bully's shoulder.
He was a relatively small man, a full head shorter than lout and his associates. The hulking brute, his lank dark hair tied in two braids either side of his heavily bearded pock-marked face, squinted down at Pagan, his pig-small eyes glinting. There was more sport to be had here. This half-sized heathen would be taught not to lay his pox-ridden hands on his betters.
Pig Eyes hawked and spat on the floor as his friends moved alongside him. Big, burly men clad in tight leather trews with ale-distended bellies straining against their belt lines, and sleeveless jerkins exposing hairy muscular arms. 
They were not local men. The scars adorning their forearms, and crudely fashioned markings on their upper arms, indicated they were wandering swords-for-hire. The lands to the west of Petralis were riven with civil war, and fighting men who cared not for cause, right or wrong, could earn good coin for putting their otherwise worthless lives on the line.
Pig Eyes’ breath, a noxious mix of sour ale and onions, washed over Pagan, as a heavy fist lanced toward his face. Lamp-light glinted off the wicked punch-dagger protruding from the big scarred fist. Pagan shifted to his right and hammered the edge of his hand into the inside of his assailant’s elbow. Pig Eyes grunted, dropping the dagger as pain shot up his arm. Pagan grabbed the arm, and twisting on his heel, used the bully’s momentum to hurl him into his companions.
As they fell, one cracked his temple on the edge of a table and slumped senseless on the floor. The other surged to his feet with intent, only to stumble back down on the seat of his pants, choking and gasping for breath as Pagan struck him on the throat with just enough force to incapacitate him.
Pig Eyes wasn’t finished. He was a veteran of numerous battlefield skirmishes and tavern brawls, and damned if a dark-skinned outlander was going to best him. Faced twisted in hate, he hurled himself forward, arms spread. “I am going to break you in half, barbarian,” he snarled. 
Pagan didn’t back away, but stepped into the embrace, snapping a front elbow strike into the charging man’s temple. 
The big man’s eyes rolled up in his head as he hit the ale-sodden, straw-covered floor. He didn’t get up this time.
Pagan stepped back and surveyed the tavern. The other patrons, nursing their precious tankards of ale and platters of food, had stepped back in a loose circle to allow the combatants room. They were predominantly locals, aware of the prowess of the quiet, dark-skinned man who had arrived amongst them a couple of years earlier. He had taken up residence at the curiously named Philosopher’s Folly tavern, where he helped Casca keep the peace when itinerant mercenaries, labourers, or the occasional drunk got too boisterous. Always polite and helpful, after their initial misgivings they had accepted him as one of their own.
The sudden burst of violence had lasted only a few heartbeats. Casca appeared from his station behind the bar, and with the help of a serving maid, cleared up the debris of upturned and smashed furniture.
Six members of the city watch arrived to escort the mercenaries, all the loutishness and fight beaten out of them, to the city boundaries.
Pagan put his arm around Aeneas’s shoulders. “Are you all right son?” he asked. The fair-haired young man, the very image of his father, looked up and nodded.
Casca approached and ruffled his son’s hair. “Off you go now Aeneas, get yourself cleaned up. There is a cool drink awaiting you round the back.” He glanced around. It was late, and the tavern was emptying save for a few die-hard drinkers. “Pagan and I have to clear out these motherless louts.” 
Grinning widely, Casca raised his voice. “Come on, youse sheep shaggers, haven’t you got homes to go to? The fun is over for the night. Pagan needs his beauty sleep, or should I get him to throw your sorry backsides out?”
With the last stragglers departed, Casca barred the door, and with Pagan's help, opened wide all the widows to let in what hot, still, summer air there was, to sweep away the smell of stale sweat and spilt ale. The two serving girls Casca employed busied themselves clearing away tankards and platters, rearranging furniture, and sweeping up the floor.
Their night’s work done, Casca slipped the girls a silver coin each, before bidding them goodnight. Some thought he overpaid them, but as owner of the most popular tavern in the city, he wasn’t short of coin, and believed in paying a fair wage for a night’s work.
Casca turned to Pagan. “Now that we are alone, I’ll stand you a drink and a pipe.” Reaching under the bar he grabbed a bottle of their special concoction, a blend of squeezed summer fruits and a strong spirit distilled from barley.
Both men sat at a table, and Casca poured each a small measure of the fiery liquid. Pagan took a sip and regarded the man who had become the closest friend he had ever had. Bronzed fair skin and long fair hair tied back at the nape of the neck, deep-set blue eyes in a faintly ascetic but strong face gazed back at Pagan. “My gratitude for standing up for Aeneas,” Casca said.
Pagan shrugged. “It was nothing. I have always disliked bullies, and Aeneas is a fine boy. I love him like he was mine.” He took another sip of the fruit-flavoured spirit. Casca had two children. Aeneas was thirteen summers, and a daughter Althea of nine summers, who lived with Casca’s sister Leonna. 
Leonna and her husband Marcos, had three daughters whom Althea loved spending time with. She loved her father and older brother dearly but felt more at home with her cousins in a spacious house with a large garden, rather than a smelly old tavern. Casca didn’t begrudge her it.
Casca’s wife, a fey beauty who always thought the grass was greener elsewhere, had run off with a rich merchant a few years earlier, leaving him to bring up their children. 
He was an unusual man, hardly your typical fat-jowled tavern owner with a gross belly straining against a stained apron. Casca was a spare-framed man who fancied himself a philosopher and scholar. He liked nothing better than sitting ensconced in the great library of Petralis, studying ancient tomes and age-bleached parchments. 
A veritable source of knowledge, he and Pagan had spent many long nights discussing the rich and sometimes dark history of Petralis and the surrounding lands.
Sharing Casca’s love of history and ancient lore, Pagan loved exploring the ancient ruins to the west of Petralis. According to Casca, these were the remains of the once mighty city of Tor-Arnath. But that was all he divulged. Usually verbose and animated regarding such matters, Casca was strangely reticent about Tor-Arnath, and tried to dissuade his friend from exploring the ruins.
Pagan took a last mouthful of the fiery but smooth-tasting spirit and grinned at Casca. “Thanks to your sorry backside, I’ve developed a bit of a taste for this foul-tasting poison. It feels like my insides are on fire. Now what happened to that pipe you promised?” 
Casca laughed. “You dark-skinned folk could never handle your drink.”
Pagan snorted in derision. “And how would you know? I am the only one of my kind you’ve ever met. Now get that pigging pipe out. That is real stuff for civilized folk, and a fine way for men of class and culture to end the evening.”
“What would you know of class and culture?” Casca retorted, arcing an eyebrow. Digging into a pouch on his belt, he pulled out a handful of the dried flowers of the hagash plant and stuffed them into the bowl of his long-stemmed pipe. Lighting a thin taper from the lamp on the table, he set it to the buds and took a lungful of smoke before passing the pipe to Pagan. 
The stem of the pipe was worked with intricately carved leaves and glyphs. Worn by time and constant use, Pagan squinted at the symbols trying to make them out. 
“You should feel honoured my friend,” Casca announced with mock solemnity. “That pipe was passed down from my great grandfather to my grandfather, to my father and on to me. The Goddess knows, it is older than time itself!” 
Laughing at the absurdity of his statement, Casca half choked as he blew out a great gout of smoke. “Now get your lips around that before it goes to waste.” Pagan did so, and drew down a lungful of the aromatic, narcotic smoke.
The two friends sat in easy companionable silence passing the pipe. Casca got up to shut the windows, barred the shutters, and the sweet aromatic essence of hagash filled the room.
 
*******
 
It was well into the early hours of the morning when Pagan returned to his sparse quarters. Such evenings with Casca invariable ended with both men swapping tall tales and rambling philosophical discourse, as they put the world aright and solved ages old problems.
Pagan lay back on his pallet, his mind drifting. The threads of fate were indeed unfathomable. As a boy growing up among his people in the never-ending grasslands of Amadou-Zongai, any other life had been unimaginable.
Theirs was a violent land as the tribes of the grasslands warred incessantly for territory and control of the best hunting grounds. Enmities were long established, and blood-feuds spanned generations.
Upon reaching ten summers, male children were trained in the use of the broad-leafed spear, short-hafted axe, and iron-shod club. Proficiency in weapons, and feats of strength and endurance were highly valued. Competition was harsh as the boys became youths keen to establish their standing and catch the eyes of adoring young women.
Pagan underwent the training as prescribed but showed little aptitude. Smaller and weaker than his fellows, he derived no satisfaction or joy in physical pursuits. The thought of piercing another’s flesh with sharp objects or crunching their bones with clubs was abhorrent to him. A quiet, introspective boy, he was largely shunned. His lot would have been far worse, but for his father being the head of the tribe.
 His father, the mighty Assantewa, was a fearsome warrior. Enemies’ courage fled when faced with his almost elemental fury, and Pagan was always in awe of him. Though he must have secretly despaired his son was a weakling, Assantewa always displayed a brusque love and understanding.
Perhaps it was because he had two other sons; strapping young men who had inherited their sire’s strength, courage and leadership qualities. One of them would succeed him when his time came to journey to the halls of the dead to join his mighty ancestors.
Seemingly out of place in his environment, Pagan resigned himself to a lonely life. Then a shaft of bright sunlight broke through the dark clouds of his loneliness. Amla came into his life. A gentle maiden with soft brown eyes and lithe limbs, she was different from the other young women. She didn’t mock the slender young man of eighteen summers and went out of her way to seek his company.
Shy and awkward, Pagan usually found his tongue curiously unworkable when in the company of girls his age. Initially uncomfortable and suspicious of Amla’s attentions, it eventually dawned on him that he enjoyed her company immensely. His tongue became more pliable, and the two spent long dreamy days sitting in the shade of Baobab trees and walking arm in arm in the swaying long grass. 
 One fine summer's evening, Amla led him to a secluded grove. She cupped his face in her hands, gazed into his eyes, pressed her lithe body against him and gently pulled him down onto the soft turf.
As they lay together, Pagan for the first time in his short life, experienced the joys of a loving physical union between a man and woman. At first, their coupling was fumbling and frenzied. Then, their initial ardour sated, were pleasantly surprised to discover there was more joy to be had as they languidly explored each other with a delightful lack of urgency.
Afterward, they laid entwined pleasantly exhausted under the soft light of the full moon. To Pagan, it seemed the entire world had coalesced into an intimate bubble comprising only the two of them. All his doubts, fears and insecurities melted away. 
The gentle kiss of a cool breeze flowed over their sweat-sheened bodies bringing the scent of hibiscus flowers. For the first time in his life, he was truly content. He looked deep into Amla’s soft brown eyes and wished the moment would last forever.
“Why me Amla? he asked, gently stroking her face. “You could have had your choice of any of the others.”
She nuzzled his neck and smiled. “Your soul called to me, my love,” she said, her voice soft. “All the others, strutting about like peacocks hold no attraction for me. You are different; thoughtful, kind and caring. We are kindred spirits, soul mates. From this night on, we are united forever.”
A curious bat-eared vixen with two cubs in tow, rustled out of a nearby bush to investigate the two humans who had intruded into her territory. Amla extracted a strip of dried meat wrapped in a piece of linen-cloth and extended it. “Come little one,” she whispered. “An offering for our impertinence in invading your territory.” Eyes glowing in the moonlight and nostrils quivering, the vixen hesitantly approached before snatching the offering. Pagan and Amla chuckled as it retreated to her cubs to share the repast with them. 
Their inquisitive visitors disappeared back into the bush. Amla sighed in contentment, snuggled closer to Pagan and the lovers drifted off into blissful slumber.
Sometime later, Pagan’s eyes snapped open, and for a moment he forgot where he was. Then he felt the soft warm body lying next to him. Amla; beautiful gentle Amla. The memories of what had happened earlier, the most wonderful moments of his life came flooding back.
Still sleep-fogged, he glanced around the moon-lit clearing. Everything seemed normal. He could hear the usual night-sounds of the grasslands; the chirping of unseen insects, and small creatures rustling in the bush.
Pagan glanced up as a large owl flew overhead before alighting on the branch of a Whistling Thorn tree. With a flap of wings, the nocturnal bird took off from its perch, and Pagan realized the glade had gone silent. A feeling of foreboding hit him, making him sit up and shake Amla awake. “I think we should return,” he whispered, as she opened her eyes. “Something isn’t right.”
Amla saw his unease and instantly understood. As they tugged on their clothing, the bush parted and six dark figures padded into the clearing. They were tall fierce looking men clad in animal-skin breech-clouts, bearing long spears and short-hafted axes. Brutal faces marred with tribal markings, oiled lean muscular torsos, and long powerful legs, glistened in the moonlight.
Fear washed over Pagan as his heart drummed in his chest. Their facial scars and crocodile-teeth necklaces marked them as members of the Crocodile Head tribe who lived on the banks of the great river that flowed to the south. Their blood-feud with his people went back to the time of Pagan’s great-grandfather. These six were clearly scouts preceding a war party bringing death and destruction to his people.
Bestial grunts reverberated in the previously peaceful glade as they threw themselves at the two young lovers. Pagan could do little but push Amla behind him as he vainly tried to protect her. Ducking under a clutching hand, his fist cracked against the cheekbone of the lead scout. The scarred man barked with harsh laughter and contemptuously back-handed Pagan to the turf.
Pagan scrambled to his feet and hurled himself at the beasts in human form, then everything went dark as the flat of an axe blade glanced off his temple.
All was silent when Pagan regained consciousness. Head splitting with pain, and nausea threatening to overwhelm him, he got to his hands and knees. Amla. Where was she? Fear and anguish ran through him as he looked around. Then he spotted her crumpled form lying by the bush the vixen had padded from, in what seemed a lifetime ago.
He crawled toward her, hoping against hope she was still alive. The dark mass of blood beneath her head told him she was gone.
Cruel fickle fate, allied with the harsh realities of life in the grasslands, had taken a hand.
 
*******
Pagan rose from his pallet, padded to the door and stepped into the courtyard of the tavern. Glancing up at the early morning sky he took a deep shuddering breath and exhaled slowly. He repeated this several times, then pressed his thumbs against his temples and rolled them in a tight circle.
His head was foggy, his tongue sore and his heart heavy. He had overindulged in the pipe with Casca, and the hagash had opened the halls of his memory. Memories of a bitter-sweet night.
 What had been the most wondrous night of his life had swiftly changed into one of dreadful soul-crushing nightmare. 
He walked across the tight-packed earth of the courtyard toward the well by the far wall. Dipping the bucket, he grasped a nearby long-handled ladle and took three deep draughts, before tipping the contents of the bucket over his head.
As he spluttered and shook his head, he heard a low deep growl behind him. He turned around knowing it was Aeneas’s hound announcing itself. He grinned as the huge mastiff-wolf cross ambled forward. 
Aeneas had found the grievously wounded hound in front of the Philosopher’s Folly a few years earlier. It was sometime before Pagan arrived at the Folly. Despite his father’s misgivings, he had taken the beast in, and nursed it back to health. 
One evening, eyes alight with excitement, Aeneas told Pagan of Ripper’s sire. The aptly named Killer, was a huge ugly mastiff of particularly bad disposition, the champion dog of the fighting pits. His owner was a cruel brute of a man. One fine day, the beast turned on his master, near-ripping his arm off before running away into the wilds.
Months later, some hunters returned bearing a litter of puppies with decidedly wolf-mastiff aspects. Only one survived. It ended up in the fighting pits, and like its sire, became champion until losing to an even fiercer dog. Of no more use, it was discarded and left to die.
Not surprisingly, Casca had no wish to share his and Aeneas’s home with a part-wolf beast. But Aeneas was a particularly strong-willed boy, and luckily the dog proved to have more of its sire’s temperament than its wolf dam’s.
Deeply unhappy at the situation, Casca told Aeneas he would have the beast slain at the first unwarranted show of aggression. But the dog responded well to Aeneas’s gentleness and kindness. A deep bond developed between boy and dog, and Ripper, as named by Aeneas became part of the family.
Not wishing to return to his cramped airless quarters, Pagan walked over to a low bench with Ripper padding alongside him. Sitting, he stretched out his legs and scratched the dog behind the ear. 
Ripper settled down, pushed against Pagan’s legs, and looked up with wolf-gold eyes, a low growl rumbling in his throat. Pagan glanced down, and gently tapped the dog’s cold muzzle with his fist. “Shut up, mallet head, let you and I sit quietly and enjoy the early morning peace.” 
Ripper licked his hand, and let out another low growl. Pagan chuckled, leaned back against the backrest of the bench, and closed his eyes.
 
Warnings
 
 
Casca sat in a secluded corner of the library, a stack of ancient vellum-bound tomes and rolled up parchments before him. Something had been bothering him for a few days, a sense of unease he couldn't quite grasp. Then he’d had a disturbing dream the previous night.
He was alone behind the bar at the Philosopher’s Folly when a tall figure with a full white beard brushing his chest walked in. The man came up to the bar and fixed him with piercing blue eyes. 
“Beware, Casca, the Gualich are returning,” he announced in a deep sonorous voice. Casca was about to ask who he was, when the figure’s head and body parted down the middle, his skin peeled back, and a huge, many-tentacled monstrosity with a single lidless eye stood in his place. The eye grew larger, drawing Casca into its black depths. He screamed as agony tore through him, then he woke up trembling and bathed in sweat.
Brushing dust from a particularly old volume, he leafed through it, taking care not to damage the thin, yellow-aged paper. It was an account of the history of Petralis and the surrounding lands, penned by about a thousand years ago by the philosopher-historian, Elander Zucross. A history of a dark time long lost in antiquity.
In typical evocative flowery prose, Zucross described a time of almost cataclysmic war.
Behold the dark times of the Gualich shape shifters, who held Petralis and the surrounding lands in awful thrall, from their night-blighted towers in Tor-Arnath. 
These abominable beings, none knew from whence they came – though rumour told they arrived through a gateway between worlds – fed on the life essence of living creatures. Their awful servants; the Suanggi soul drinkers or harvesters, and their demon hounds, the Bahktak, ranged across the land, leaving it devoid of all life. Their perverted taste was for human souls, but their depraved appetites also included every living creature that walked, crawled, or flew across the face of the earth. In time, even the trees to the tiniest blade of grass shrivelled and died.
Casca read on, shuddering at the illustrations. The chronicler was indeed gifted. He had managed to capture the demonic essence of the Gualich and their minions, as they leered at Casca from the pages, like creatures from a dark drug-induced nightmare of a particularly depraved necromancer.
These monstrosities defiled the very earth, were the antithesis of life itself, and inimical to every living being. Humanity had to stand against them, or the world was doomed. 
In time, an alliance of mages and warriors gathered, and assisted by the Elementals of air, sea and land, stepped forth to face the depraved abominations. The very heavens trembled and the ground sundered, as the earth spewed fire and ash. Great winds blew and the waters rose to meet the skies. But the seven Gualich brothers; Beleth, Narok, Kbari, Kalor, Taron, Jakut and Surgat proved too mighty to be slain. 
But the Alliance was mighty too. Led by the sorcerer Castillan, and an awe-inspiring mysterious woman of uncommon radiance, whose eyes blazed like the golden globe that gives life and light to the earth. They drove the shape shifters and their servants wailing back to their desolate, barren world. The portal from whence they gained ingress to the world of man was sealed, and great was the rejoicing as the world could breathe again.
But woe betide all, should the abominations breathe the sweet air of the world again.
Sweat beaded Casca’s brow as he recalled stories told him by his father. As he grew older, he had tried to dismiss them as mere tall tales told in wicked jest. But a part of him, which he chose to dismiss, had cautioned as to their truth.
Care abandoned, Casca turned the pages feverishly, and wasn’t surprised when Zucros made reference to another volume. An obscure treatise by the Chenghuan sage and clairvoyant, Zou Yan-Tse. He didn’t have to sift through the pile before him, for he knew exactly where it was.
Casca hurried down the stairs of the library as best his unsteady legs would allow him. He blindly brushed past the many acquaintances who nodded greetings to him as he made his way through the marbled great hall. Sunlight shone through the high-vaulted many-hued thick glass ceiling supported by marble pillars. Colourful tapestries depicting heroic figures slaying fearsome beasts hung on the walls beneath high stained-glass windows.
Cunningly fashioned air vents set low on the walls blew chilled air to diffuse the stifling heat. Dust motes glinting with refracted sunlight floated in the air. Casca had always marvelled at the breath-taking beauty created by the clever architecture but had little eye for it today. 
The library had been commissioned by the tyrant king, Serranos-Halbro III, long before Casca’s birth. A project of ridiculous vanity, considering the city had more pressing needs such as poor sanitation that spread disease. The tyrant had spared no costs, bringing in highly skilled craftsmen from as far as Chenghuan. 
Serranos-Halbro also known as the Scholar King – one of the kinder sobriquets anointed him – cared little for his subjects and their welfare. 
Emerging through the huge oak doors onto the wide-paved avenue lined with the imposing red-brick houses of rich merchants and Petralis’s grasping city elders, Casca loped down the wide stairs fronting the library. Turning left, he made his way to the stables at the rear. He slipped the hostler a couple of copper coins before vaulting into the saddle of his bay mare.
 
*******
 
Casca walked through the deserted tavern, stepped behind the bar and through the door leading to the living quarters. He hurried up the rickety stairs to the small attic-room he used as a study. Crudely fashioned shelves on the walls buckled beneath rows of leather and vellum-bound books.
Stacks of rolled up scrolls and parchments were flung seemingly haphazardly in corners. A small desk with ornately carved legs stood under a window overlooking the courtyard.
Casca shoved the desk under a row of shelves. Clambering upon it, he reached for the uppermost shelf and ran his fingers along a row of books. He tugged out a slim plain-bound volume and stepped down. 
In the last days of his life, Casca’s father had impressed upon him the importance of the unprepossessing looking book, suggesting the knowledge it held might be of significant help one day. An archaic Chenghuan symbol adorned the cover.
Casca was one of the few people outside Chenghuan who could read the ancient text. His father had been a trade ambassador to the court of the Emerald Emperor. 
As a boy of twelve summers growing up in the Ambassadors’ quarter of the many-spired sprawling Imperial palace complex in the capital city of Chengpian, he had loved exploring.
One day, he wandered into a large building and stopped mouth agape in wonder at the floor-to-ceiling shelves bearing stacks of bound parchments and rolled-up scrolls.
As he walked along the shelves, he failed to notice the figure sitting at a large desk with a pile of writings.
“Ah, young gwai-loh – round-eyed foreigner – what do you here?” The voice had startled him. The man who addressed him had long black hair gathered atop his head in a queue in the style favoured by warriors, and wide-spaced brown eyes in a high-cheek-boned flat-planed face.
Caught by surprise, Casca had answered in halting Cheng. The man raised an eyebrow in surprise. “You speak our language?” Casca nodded, and a bit frightened, started to back out of the room. But the man held up a hand. “Wait, you don’t have to go.” He gestured at the shelves. “I noticed you seem fascinated by the writings. Would you like to learn how to read our words?” 
Casca nodded again. The man smiled, then his expression changed, his brows drawing together into a frown. “It’s very difficult, young gwai-loh. Are you sure you still want to learn?”
Casca drew his shoulders back and met the man’s fierce gaze. “Yes.”
The man laughed, his eyes sparkling with humour. “Good. Meet me here at this time in three days, and we will begin your lessons.” As Casca turned to leave, his teacher-to-be spoke again. “My name is Xiang Tse. I will see you at the anointed time.”
Casca smiled as he remembered the delight on Xiang Tse’s face when he arrived at their assignment considerably earlier than agreed.
Casca jumped off the desk, pushed it back into place and sat before it. Thumbing open the volume, his smile faded as the demonic visage of a Gualich leered up at him from the first page. He settled down and began to read.
A considerable time later, he sat back and rubbed his eyes. Deciphering the Cheng text had been trying, and the cryptically worded last passage, particularly disturbing.
To those whose giri – duty, it is to oppose these demons, beware their red-bladed weapons that sunder flesh and kill, but do not kill. For they leave the soul trapped in the broken flesh where it suffers untold agony before the demons consume it at their leisure.
Casca shuddered in revulsion, for he reasoned this horror was akin to tenderizing and seasoning a piece of meat before eating.  
 
******* 
 
Pagan heeled the gelding into a run, grinning with delight as the wind blew into his face. The cloying embrace of city life set him on edge, and his frequent excursions into the surrounding countryside provided welcome relief.
A legacy of his upbringing in the wide-open spaces of his homeland, Pagan loved the feel of the wind in his face and the smell and sounds of nature.
“This is the life, eh, boy!” he yelled. Ripper, loping alongside the gelding, barked in apparent agreement. Pagan on a whim, had decided to bring the hound along. Every now and again, the dog would veer off to chase down a rabbit. The little creatures were always too canny and swift to be caught by the great lumbering beast, but that didn’t seem to deter him.
Approaching the remains of a low wall, Pagan could see the outlines of the ruins of Tor-Arnath to the west. The gelding soared over the wall with ease, and not to be outdone, Ripper followed suit. “Show off!” Pagan yelled. Ripper looked up at him, great tongue lolling, and let out two self-congratulatory barks.
As they approached the ruins, Pagan slowed the gelding to a walk, studying the vista ahead. Tor-Arnath was set on a hill dominating the surrounding countryside. Compared to the lush vegetation, teeming life, and birdsong to the east, the area was arid and lifeless. 
The ground was rocky and hard, and here and there, scrawny hardy trees with spine-like leaves had managed to eke out a semblance of life. 
In times past, a great wall must have girded Tor-Arnath to protect it against invaders. All that remained were huge blocks rearing high and standing as silent sentinels. Some were etched with curious looking symbols, worn smooth by sand, wind, and the ravages of time. Other blocks, smaller, but still of appreciable size, some blackened and fused together by what must have been an unimaginable heat, lay flung about, as if by beings of incalculable size and power.
 Beyond the silent sentinels and fused rock, lay the city-proper comprised of what seemed like hundreds of low buildings all interconnected as if to serve some curious communal life. It was difficult to ascertain their exact nature and architectural style, as there were few standing walls. Only their foundations gave Pagan an inkling of their design.
Seven towers dominated this blighted landscape, or more accurately the remnants of seven towers. Constructed with what looked like a greenish stone, they leaned drunkenly in various states of disrepair. 
Pagan couldn’t tell how high the towers might have been in their pomp, but going by the number of heat-blasted blocks at their bases, he judged they must have near-reached into the heavens. On previous visits, he had mused at the impossibility of such structures, and wondered what sort of beings could have built them. He had sought to draw Casca on the matter on numerous occasions, but his friend always feigned disinterest.
 Pagan nudged the gelding forward, but the horse refused to move. He stroked its neck, whispering encouraging words in its ear, but it remained steadfast. Ears flat against its skull, a tremor began in its flank. A growl came from Ripper. 
Pagan glanced down at the dog. Eyes wide, the mastiff-wolf cross, clearly terrified of something, was slowly backing away.
Pagan looked around, but nothing seemed amiss. The surroundings were desolate and grim, but no more so than usual. Perhaps the animals had scented one of the giant bears that laired in these western highlands. Pagan ran his hand over his shaven sweat-sheened skull, reached down, took a drink of water from a leather-bound flask, and shook his head in bewilderment.
He was tempted to tether the gelding, leave Ripper to his devices, and continue his exploration of the ruins. But his heritage whispered the folly of that course. 
Pagan knew there was much in the world beyond human ken, and the heightened awareness of animals was better tuned to such, than humankind's blunted senses. With one last look around, he wheeled his mount and called to Ripper. Neither needed further encouragement to depart the blighted area.
 
 
The Desolate Peaks
 
 
The man called Moon was dying, though none would have guessed so by regarding him. A giant, his outlandish size, almost preternatural breadth of shoulder and swell of chest, allied with tree trunks masquerading as legs, threatened to block out the sun.
He looked the picture of enduring vitality. Indestructible as the snow-capped Northir mountains of his homeland. Unlike most of his Northland kin who favoured long unkempt hair, Moon chose to keep his head clean-shaved. His allowance to the hirsute nature of his kind being the heavy black beard he wore.
The shaven head and beard, allied with the leather patch he wore over the empty socket that once housed his left eye, lent him a most fearsome aspect.
He had lost the orb when as a mere stripling of sixteen winters, he single-handedly slew a great snow-bear that attacked his lone camp high in the mountains. A callow boy, he had foolishly taken refuge in the bear's cave. The aggrieved beast had attacked without warning. A huge white furry mass hurtling out of the snowstorm in a fury of slashing claws.
With no chance to flee, young Moon had stood his ground, ramming his dagger deep into the behemoth’s belly as slashing claws laid open his face, ripping out his left eye. The great monarch of the snow-capped mountains wrapped him in an awful embrace, claws ripping great gouges in his back, but Moon doggedly held onto his dagger, ripping it upward, gutting the bear and eventually sundering its heart.
A lesser man would have died of the grievous wounds, but the young mountain man survived. Stuffing snow into his empty eye-socket, he fashioned a rough bandage to hold it in place, and made his way back to the kraals of his people sporting a new thick white bearskin cloak.
Moon’s legend grew over the ensuing years. He fought many blood feuds, and when war came against other clans, he was always in the front ranks.
Moon was a man of awesome strength and vitality. None could stand before him in single combat. The people of the north spoke in awe of his axe and the trail of lopped off heads, crushed skulls and sundered limbs left in its wake. Widowmaker they called it. Moon was the ten-year undefeated fist-fighting and wrestling champion of the summer games. The games were held once a year over a three-day period when the usually feuding clans of the Northlands called a truce and put aside ages-old enmities.
The games were a time of laughter, drinking, eating, dancing and whoring. The axeman had a voracious appetite for ale, food, and women. After knocking men senseless with his giant fists, the night-time festivities would see him devour huge platters of meat and imbibe copious amounts of ale, before staggering off into the night with two or three willing women in tow.
But Moon was not popular among his fellows. He was surly and bad tempered, and given to bursts of sudden rage. Men only sought his company in times of strife and war. But that didn’t bother him, for he was a solitary man who preferred his own company.
Then the blinding headaches began. He ignored them at first, then in desperation decided to seek the counsel of the old witch-woman.
Moon didn’t fear man or beast but something about the ancient hag sent shivers down his spine. She always gave him the evil eye whenever he came across her in the settlement, like she was staring into his very soul. He always had the strangest notion she knew things about him that even he didn’t.
Known as the Ancient One or the Old Woman, she performed the role of healer, midwife and oracle to the clan. She lived in a solitary cabin on a tiny island on a wide stream flowing just north of the settlement. Unlike other rivers and streams, these waters didn’t freeze over in winter. Bubbling and steaming with mysterious heat, the only way across was via a small ferry manned by an evil looking hunchbacked dwarf. The ferryman’s price was a single silver piece. Those who sought another way across died horribly. Boiled alive as their boats sank, leaving them floundering in the cursed waters, as skin slowly sloughed from flesh, and eyeballs stewed in sockets. 
Moon paid the hunchback his due, and stood silently with folded arms as the dwarf hauled on the ferry rope grunting and muttering to himself. Every now and then, he favoured the Axeman with a baleful glare, but Moon paid no heed.
Upon reaching the other side, Moon leaped off the ferry and approached the old woman’s cabin. The door swung open on creaking hinges and a voice came from within. “Come in Moon, we’ve been expecting you.”
Moon stepped over the threshold and the door swung shut behind him. The interior of the cabin was dark and shadowed, the only light coming from a curtained small window on the far wall.
The cabin smelled of dead things. Various-sized bottles and jars filled with curious looking roots, herbs, plants and other objects stood on shelves lining the walls. To Moon’s horror, one or two appeared to contain still-born babies – umbilical cords trailing – in a cloudy liquid.
“Come sit, Moon.” The old woman bade the axeman to sit opposite her.
As he sat, Moon scrutinized the figure opposite him in the dim light.
A tattered long-sleeved linen dress of nondescript colour covered her bony frame, with what looked suspiciously like a shawl of human skin draped over her shoulders. The ancient one stared back at Moon with rheumy eyes. She was almost completely bald, save a few strands of hair that clung stubbornly to her liver-spotted skull.  She had no nose to speak of, her breath wheezing noisily through two holes in her face.
By the horned god, she is ugly, the thought passed through Moon’s mind.
“Ah yes, I am Axeman,” she said in a voice as dry as the fluttering of dead eyelashes.
Moon half jumped from his seat, for it appeared the old hag could read his mind.
A dry strangled sound Moon assumed was laughter, rattled deep in her bony chest. “No, Moon, I cannot read your mind,” she wheezed. “But it was easy to divine your thoughts from your expression. And yes, I am ugly, as would you, if you’ve lived as long as I have. I was old when the people of the Nordir settled in these mountains hundreds of years ago, after they fled through the great gates to escape their dreadful enemy, the Nissir.” She coughed – a dry clacking sound, then hawked, turned her head and spat. The globule of spittle resounded with a wet thump on the bottom of the copper bowl at the foot of her chair. 
Wiping her mouth with the back of a bony hand, she continued. “The Nordir were a great people then. They could have swept through this world with iron and fire and bent it to their will. But consumed by their petty squabbles, they split into clans. I tried to offer them wise counsel, but their leaders, small men with little vision dismissed me as a foolish old woman.”
She glared at Moon with ill-disguised malice. “But you wouldn’t know nowt about such matters, Moon. You are merely a half-blood nithing!”
Moon’s brow wrinkled in confusion. What was she raving on about? What gates, and who in the six hells are the Nissir? He began to question his wisdom in coming here.
Hjotra – that was the old woman’s name, one not uttered by man in over a hundred years, smiled at Moon, her tone softening. “But, come child, I prattle too much. Come kneel before me so I can see what ails you.”
Moon cowered. The baring of black gums and the stump of a single tooth in what passed for a smile almost unmanned him. Such was the miasma of malice emanating from her, he was within a heartbeat of bolting from the cabin into the pure whiteness of the ice and snow outside.
Steeling himself, he did as bidden. Leaning forward, Hjotra placed her hands on Moon’s head and closed her eyes.
Moon felt a heat within his skull. It wasn’t unpleasant so he relaxed. After a short time, Hjotra removed her hands and sat back in her chair.
Moon returned to his seat and stared at the old woman. She regarded him silently for what seemed an eternity, then she finally spoke. “You have a growth within your skull, Axeman and it will be the death of you.”
Struck dumb by the revelation, Moon continued to stare at her.
Hjotra cocked her head, eyebrows raised in mock surprise. “Nothing to say child? You are not going to rage at me, accuse old Hjotra of being an evil old crone bent on frightening you with lies?”
“No,” Moon croaked. The headaches had got worse recently. It felt like the minions of Sutr, the lord of the six hells were making merry with steel hammers within his skull. He had experienced blinding pain, and flashing lights before his eyes. At times, he felt like disgorging the contents of his stomach, as the ground seemed to move beneath him.
Air wheezed noisily through the old woman’s nostrils as she studied Moon intently. “Are you afraid of dying, Axeman?”
Moon suddenly noticed the wart on the side of her face. It was an ugly thing, with strands of wiry hair protruding from its flat mushroom-like tip. The idea of dying scared him. He had seen death before, bloated gas-distended bellies, and lifeless wide-staring eyes before they were plucked out by crows and other carrion birds.
“No,” he blustered. “But can you cure me of these Sutr-damned headaches? There are times when I feel like ripping my own head off just to stop the pain.”
Hjotra’s dry, strangled, humourless laughter rang out again before it was curtailed by a hacking cough. She spoke after regaining her breath. “You come to me seeking a cure for your headaches, but there is much more at work here. I have watched the Norns weave, and walked the paths of many lives. I have seen them merge and have great effect on events that are, and to be. I have watched you for years, Moon. You are strong, and I don’t mean the strength of your overgrown oafish body. There is great strength within you, strength that comes from your tainted blood. But what have you done with this great gift? Wasted it on debauchery, whoring, and useless bloodletting.
Moon shook his head. Not a man known for his patience, he was growing tired of the old hag’s riddles. “Who or what in the six hells are Norns?” he asked.
Hjotra ignored his question. “There is still much that I haven’t seen, but I can give you some herbs to ease your pain. I will walk the paths again and have more answers for you in seven days.”
She pointed to a bottle containing what looked like dried herbs and roots. “My knees are not what they once were. Fetch me that bottle, boy.”
Moon got to his feet and did as requested.
Hjotra weighed the bottle in her hands, before handing it back to Moon. “The herbs and roots are called brainwort. Put a pinch in water, stir it till it dissolves, and drink it once a day, preferably in the morning before you break your fast. When the herbs are finished, pound the root into a fine powder and use it as you did the herbs.” She stared at Moon. “You are a wilful man, so a word of warning. Do not use more than a pinch each day. If you do, it will drive you mad, and the minions of Sutr will invade your mind.”
The axeman shuddered before nodding in acquiescence.
“Now leave me, Moon. I have much to think upon, and little time left. Remember, be back here in seven days. A lot depends on it.”
 
*******
 
Moon made camp in a small cave, after carefully checking it for bear-spoor. He led his horse – a white stallion of eighteen hands – inside, and lifted his saddle, pack, and bedroll from its back. Taking a stiff brush, he groomed the animal, brushing snow and ice from its back. Lifting each leg, he ensured no stones or pebbles were lodged between its hooves. He poured a handful of oats into a feeding bag, which he looped over its head. Running his fingers through its mane, he stroked its great head and whispered into its ear. “You’ve done well today, great one. Eat and rest now.” The horse lifted its head, an eye swivelling to regard him gravely. Moon may not have cared greatly for people, but he liked animals. They never did anyone any harm – except that cursed bear that took his eye out, but then, mused the Axeman, that was his own mule-headed fault for blundering into its territory. Animals were faithful, loyal, and never let you down.
Stepping outside the cave, he foraged for dry branches before snapping them into smaller pieces. Returning to the cave, he got out his tinder box and built a small fire some distance in, close to a wall. The fire would cast less reflection that might draw unwanted attention, for he was travelling through hostile land. Removing a blanket from his bedroll, he warmed it over the fire before placing it over the stallion’s back.
The axeman removed a battered old pot, a crudely carved wooden spoon, a jar of honey carefully wrapped in rags, and a bag of barley oats from his pack.
Stooping, he scooped a handful of snow into the pot. Placing the pot over the fire, he waited until the snow melted before pouring in a fistful of oats. Using his wooden spoon, he stirred it into a smooth consistency. He hated lumpy bits in his oats. Removing the pot from the fire, Moon stirred in a drip of honey and sat back to enjoy his repast. He sighed with pleasure as the honey-sweetened mess slid down his throat and warmed his insides. 
Moon checked on the stallion, then stepped to the cave mouth. A half-moon bathed the white-shrouded landscape. It was a cold, cold still night. Satisfied all was quiet, he returned to the fire and stretched out on the ground wrapped in his blanket. He was five days out of the settlement and hadn’t seen another person in the last two. 
He had hidden behind a screen of snow-covered trees as four riders slowly picked their way through the snow. Grim looking men in chain mail and wrapped in furs to ward off the cold. Fur-covered hoods shielded their faces, but Moon recognized them as Borga One-Ear and his brothers Finn, Hrogar, and Hogni.
Borga and his four brothers were skua – clanless scavengers, who lived by raiding and looting from the many clans scattered in the valleys of the mountain range. They had mostly left Moon alone, perhaps because he had little of value to steal. But last autumn, he had a run-in with the youngest of the brood, a simpleton named Finnbogi. He hoped they were not trailing him.
The brainwort the old woman had given him was working wonders. He was following her instructions precisely regarding the dosages, and at worst, his headaches had been reduced to a dull throb nagging away at him. Sometimes, he felt no pain at all.
He had returned to the old hag’s cabin on the seventh day as instructed. She had been wearing the same filthy linen dress with cadaver skin shawl draped over her shoulders. The small room still stank of death, and he was certain she was in the exact position as when he left her seven days earlier. He shuddered in revulsion as his gaze fixated once again on the purple-hued mole on her cheek.
“Ah, Moon, you return, though I think there were times when you doubted the wisdom of coming to see old Hjotra again,” she cackled.
“Well, can you cure my headaches?” he asked brusquely, desperate to be away from her disconcerting presence and nonsensical ramblings about Norns and such.
The old woman had laughed as she mocked him. “Your headaches, your headaches. The world doesn’t care about your big ugly head Moon. I told you there was more at play here than your head, Axeman. I have further walked the paths weaved by the Norns. The threads converge and you have a significant role to play.”
He had felt his exasperation growing. What game was the old hag playing? Then he heard the words he had been dreading.
“I cannot cure your headaches, Moon. That is beyond my powers. I already told you they would be the death of you. But I can offer you some relief. Travel south beyond the mountains to the lowlands below. Seek the city of Petralis. There you will find what you seek. It is a long perilous journey, but you are strong.”
“Will I find a cure there?” Moon asked, hope in his voice.
The old woman smiled her dreadful smile, but offered no further answers.
Moon knew she wasn’t telling him everything. But he had no real choice in the matter. This pigging growth in his head was killing him, and if travelling to the lowlands was his only option, then south he would go. Besides, he had no ties here. He had never knotted the bridle, and had no offspring. He had always wanted to see what lay beyond the mountains of the Nordir. If he was to die, at least he would get to see some rare sights.
At dawn the next day, he had oiled and sharpened the blades of his axe – though it rarely needed it – packed what he needed for the journey, and saddled his great white stallion. All was quiet in the still of a chill early morning except for a strong wind sighing through the snow-laden branches of the fir and pine trees.
There was not a soul abroad. Pulling the hood of his bearskin robe over his head, he settled Widowmaker in the specially made leather holster next to his saddle and rode away from his cabin. Briefly stopping to look back at what had been his home all his life, he turned his face onward, and rode into the early morning mist.
 
*******
 
Moon added some small branches to the fire and took a light pull from a leather-bound flask. He smacked his lips as the fiery liquid slid down his throat. Moon loved his ale, but also had a taste for the strong spirit distilled from barley.
His father had always claimed the stuff could rot the inside of a man’s head. Maybe that’s why he has this pigging thing growing inside his skull. Moon didn’t remember his father with any fondness. Racvir was a red-bearded bull of a man reputed to be the best swordsman in the mountains. He had walked away alive from a dozen single-combat challenges until meeting a better bladesman two winters ago. Moon hadn’t witnessed the duel, but those who did said it lasted almost half the morning, both men cut in several places before Racvir was pierced through the throat.
Unlike other fathers, Racvir hadn’t tutored his son in the way of the blade – Moon mused that was probably why he had decided to take up the axe – nor had he taken him hunting. Moon had taken the fearsome, black-bladed axe from a giant warrior he slew in single combat. The man had slipped on a patch of ice as he swept the axe at Moon’s head. The younger man had stepped in and skewered him with his sword.
Moon’s skills were innate. Fighting, and skill with arms came easily to him. His enormous size and prodigious strength were a great help, but he was no lumbering slow-witted giant. Opponents over the years had paid the ultimate price for underestimating the speed, balance and dexterity of the black-bearded one-eyed behemoth.
Moon’s father hadn’t been overtly cruel. He had simply ignored him. There had been no rough and tumble play between father and son when he was a boy, and as he grew into a man, Racvir always left a room whenever Moon was present. He had grown up as a lonely child, sullenly observing from a distance other boys learning the way of life in the mountains from rough, gruff, but loving fathers.
A great envy had grown in him, eating away at his soul like a malignant cancer. This manifested in fights with other boys. Not the usual harmless scuffles between boys discovering and exploring their strengths, but brutal assaults, as young Moon usually left the others bleeding and senseless.
As he grew older and significantly bigger than his peers, they had walked a wide path around him. The escapade with the bear brought awed respect and fear, and he grew into a man alone.
Always wondering why his father hated him so, his mother had provided the answer on her deathbed. The coughing sickness had stripped her down to the bone, and Moon had knelt by her sick bed, holding her hand as the end drew close.
She had gripped his hand with feverish strength and looked up at him, pain evident in her eyes. “Forgive me my son, I have wronged you greatly.”
Moon had been shocked. “Forgive you mother? You haven’t wronged me. Hush now and rest.”
But she had been insistent. “No, my son, there are things I must tell you, before I take the long journey... Your father wasn’t your father.”
“What do you mean…my father… wasn’t… my father?”
“Your real father was a lowlander. I caught his eye at the summer games. A wandering warrior… like you he was a giant of a man…you are his image except for your shaven head and…that missing eye.” She smiled wistfully as a tear trickled down the side of her face.
“We were both so young and full of life. Young, strong, and proud, and determined to take our pleasures.”
Her eyes sparkled at the memory. “We wandered off to a quiet meadow and lay together. What a man he was, what a night. So strong, so…virile. I was with child when I knotted the braid with your father…Racvir. When you were born, he took one look at you… and he knew. I confessed to him… but he was a proud man and wouldn’t throw us out, for all would know his shame.”
She slipped away quietly sometime later as Moon knelt by her bedside.
Early the next morning, Moon washed her body, and brushed her long thin white hair. He dressed her in her favourite dress, and wrapped her in a white cloak, then he built a small pyre in front of her cabin and sent her spirit to the halls of the dead.
An owl hooted in the cold-night stillness. Moon took another pull from his flask.
He had been shocked by his mother’s revelation, but understood a lot more. Racvir must have been torn. Bringing up another man’s child must have been difficult, but he had done his best and provided safety, food, and warmth. Though he couldn’t bring himself to show affection and was remiss in other duties, he was never cruel nor did he beat him.
Moon wrapped himself tighter in his blanket. He had to get some sleep. He had some hard riding to do in the morning.
 
*******
  
Moon was in a rare, good mood as he set out at dawn after drinking his daily dose of brainwort and breakfasting on honey-sweetened oats. His head was mercifully pain-free. Not normally given to introspection, his musings of the previous night seemed to have lifted a load off his shoulders.
He could draw a line under that part of his life. He felt no bitterness toward Racvir or his mother. Life in the mountains was harsh, particularly for women. Regarded mainly as brood-mares for lusty men seeking sons to carry on their bloodline, women aged before their time. With nothing but a life of servitude and drudgery ahead of them, young women had to seek their pleasures where they could.
His mother must have been a real beauty in her youth. He could imagine how her long dark tresses, fair skin and proud walk had smitten his father. He had not known the man, but she had told him he was a mighty dark-bearded warrior unlike none she had met before. He must have swept her off her feet.
As for Racvir, the man he had called father for so long, he had done his best for him and his mother. It was best to leave it at that.
Dark clouds scudded in the sky above as the snowfall intensified. The stallion plodded on, the snow was deep underfoot, the going difficult, as its legs sank deep with each step.
On they plodded. Moon flipped back his hood to enjoy the feel of the snowflakes splattering on his head. He slipped off his mitten, ran his hand over his shaven head, down over his face and into his beard. He tilted his head back, ice-cold flakes spattered on his upturned face. He opened his mouth wide to let the cold flakes slide down his throat.
Moon shook his head, water spraying from his beard like tiny icicles. He laughed, the sound rumbling deep in his chest to burst forth into the mountain air, echoing through the cold grandeur of the desolate peaks.
Moon felt invigorated. He was a free man, unburdened and venturing into the unknown. Hjotra had said the journey would be perilous, and Moon had sensed fear in her when she spoke about the lowlands. The Nordir believed man’s fate was predestined by the gods. Moon believed no such nonsense. The gods gave man strength and desire, and the power to decide his own fate, and by Sutr, he was a man. Whatever dangers were ahead he would face with his axe in hand, and he had yet to meet any foe, man or beast who could stand before him.
A deep rumbling in the distance told him he was approaching the waterfalls. 
Sometime later, a sound like thunder assailed his ears as he reached the drop over which the rushing waters cascaded into the river far below. He had to traverse a narrow rocky path, but luckily the snowfall had abated, making it somewhat less perilous. Sheer cliff walls reared on one side, the other ending in an abrupt fall off the edge. Moon climbed off the stallion. It would be folly to try to ride across.
Gripping the reins firmly, he took a tentative step. Beneath the layer of snow, the ice was treacherous and slippery. Scree from the cliff-face added to the uncertain footing. The path ran in an irregular pattern for about three-hundred paces, slopping downward and curving around the rock-face in places.
Moon took another step forward, but the stallion baulked, its eyes wide with fear. Displaying better sense than the man, it had no intention of setting foot on the narrow ledge. The Axeman stopped, stroked its head and whispered in its ear. “Come on brave one. Just one step at a time, nice and carefully, there is nothing to it.”
Man and horse stepped onto the ice-covered path. His left hand gripping the reins, and right hand pressed lightly against the cliff-face, Moon carefully walked his horse across. Their progress was painfully slow. One inadvertent step, one bit of carelessness, and man and beast would plunge to their deaths. 
Midway across, the snow began to fall again. The accompanying wind blew snowflakes and shards of ice into the faces of the travellers, as they wound their precarious way with the chasm below beckoning. Moon muttered a curse, tucked his chin into his chest, tightened his grip on the reins, and walked on.
For a moment, he debated the wisdom of holding tightly to the reins. They were also wrapped around his forearm. If the horse slipped, it would be the end for both. As the tendrils of that comforting thought writhed through his mind, the stallion’s hooves lost purchase.
Moon’s heart beat a loud staccato in his chest as the horse slid, dragging him with it. There was nothing he could do. It seemed they would both plunge into the abyss to end up crushed and bleeding on the rocks below.
Scrambling desperately, the horse found firm footing, and the Axeman breathed a little easier. Only a few more paces to go. They stepped off the path, and he let out a breath of relief. He wouldn’t want to do that again.
The snowfall abated, and the ground underfoot was firmer. A watery sun shone from a clear blue sky. Shaking his head in bemusement at the vagaries of the weather, Moon swung into the saddle. As he rounded a large snow drift, he hauled on the stallion’s bit, bringing it to a stop.
Four men stood in a line a few paces in front of him blocking his path. Big men with long braided hair and heavy beards. Moon recognized Borga and his brothers. They had discarded their heavy furs and stood ready in knee-length chain mail and drawn swords.
 Moon muttered a curse. They had been trailing him, but he had no idea how they had got in front of him. They must have found a way that avoided that treacherous path by the falls.
Slipping off his bearskin robe, he stepped off his mount, and slipped Widowmaker from its scabbard.
“I see you Moon!” Borga called “You killed our brother, and blood demands blood!”
Moon grasped his axe and moved to within a few paces of the men. He shook his head. “I didn’t mean to kill Finnbogi. I caught the mule-head trying to steal some of the logs I had stacked up for winter fuel. The fool drew his sword and came at me screaming like one of Sutr’s demons. I slapped the sword away and cuffed him about the head. I wasn’t about to kill a man over some pigging logs. I was surprised when he didn’t get up. How was I to know he had a weak skull?”
“Aye, he had a weak skull and weak brains to boot,” Borga grunted. As he spoke, the other three fanned out, eyes fixed on the Axeman. “I sent him to gather dry branches and such for our fire, but he must have taken a fancy to your logs. He was never the clever one.”
Moon breathed deeply, eyes narrowing as he noted the brothers’ movement. This was only going to end one way.
But Borga wasn’t done talking. “He may have been simple-minded, but he was our brother. We are going to send you on the dark path, you ugly one-eyed goat shagger.”
Moon hefted Widowmaker and charged, ripping into the shocked brothers like a great enraged bear. Wielding the axe with one hand, he swung it in a tight arc. 
Widowmaker smashed Hrogar’s upraised sword into jagged splinters, before splintering his ribs in a shower of blood. The axe swept on, shearing through Finn’s sword arm just above the elbow. Screaming in shock and pain, he stared disbelievingly at the stump, while the severed limb still grasping the sword, soared briefly through the air. Blood gushing, he fell to his knees.
Spinning swiftly, Moon batted aside a sword thrust from Borga, stepped in and hammered an elbow into his jaw. Borga fell, senseless. Hogni, now alone, stood with his sword held loosely as he looked down in horror at what was left of his brothers. Hrogar was lying face down in the now-crimson snow, his entrails spreading beneath him. Finn kneeling, cradling what was left of his right arm, slowly toppled onto his side as his lifeblood spurted from the severed limb. Borga appeared alive, but unmoving.
Wide eyes fixed on Moon, Hogni raised a hand, palm facing outward, and slowly backed away. Never a brave man, he had been against this entire enterprise. He had told Borga so, but felt compelled to go along with his brothers. But Sutr be damned, if he was going to face this one-eyed madman alone. Reaching the bush where their horses were tethered, he got onto his mount, and with a backward glance at the Axeman and the prone bodies of his brothers, rode away.
Groggy, Borga shook his head and sat up, looking around. He didn’t like what he saw. His eyes flicked upward to Moon. The Axeman was standing a few paces in front of him leaning on his axe, both hands on top of the haft, and those awful blades pressed into the snow. The Axeman was regarding him levelly, no anger or hostility in the gaze.
Borga marvelled at their folly in thinking they could kill the one-eyed giant. Standing there, his condensed breath writhing like smoke around his head, and splatters of blood glistening in his ice-encrusted beard, Moon looked like some awful god of war. The speed and raw elemental power of the man had shocked Borga. In a lifetime of wielding a blade, he had never come across the like.
He looked again at what was left of his brothers. His creed demanded blood for blood, but Borga was a pragmatist. If he rose to his feet to confront that dreadful axe again, he knew he would end up in the snow like his brothers. 
He couldn’t see Hogni’s body. Hogni had spoken against this folly. He had always been the wisest. Looked like Moon had spared him. Frigga’s tits, he had never liked his brothers much, except Hogni. The two of them would do well together, and there would be more loot to go around.
Borga scrambled to his feet and trudged toward his horse.
 
 
The Jade Castle
 
 
Pagan was in no hurry to get back to the city. Alternating between a walk and a canter, he marvelled at how swiftly the horse reacted to his promptings. There were no horses in his homeland, though the stripped animals that roamed the grasslands bore some resemblance. He smiled as he imagined how those proud stately beasts would react to bearing man on their backs. Not too kindly he guessed.
Thoughts of his homeland revived painful memories. Once again, he was back in the moonlit glade kneeling by Amla’s lifeless body. After the indescribable anguish of that horrible moment, his thoughts had turned to his people. The silence didn’t bode well for it suggested the raiders had finished their bloody work and departed.
Carrying Amla’s body in his arms, he had returned to the village. He would never forget the horror of what he saw. There were bodies bearing horrific wounds strewn everywhere – men and women, old and young, children and babies. The raiders in their frenzied blood-lust hadn’t spared anyone. Splashes of blood and bits of human tissue on the hard-baked mud walls paid horrific testament to how the beasts in human guise had killed the little ones. Grabbing them by the ankles and dashing their brains out against the walls.
He felt a terrible anger well up inside him, his limbs shaking as if from the ague. These monsters had destroyed his only chance at happiness, and now this unholy murder. He would kill them. Slaughter them all. 
Walking on through the carnage, he came across the bodies of his father and two brothers surrounded by a pile of enemy corpses. They had taken a terrible toll on the raiders before being cut down. He fell to his knees with tears coursing down his face.
A sound broke through his sorrow. Lying a few paces away, was the body of the tribe shaman, Sagayetha. The spear standing from the belly of the wizened old man had impaled him to the ground, but he appeared to be still alive.
As he knelt by his side, the old man’s eyes fluttered open. “Ahh… I knew you still lived boy,” he whispered, blood bubbling from his mouth.
Sagayetha gripped his forearm with surprising strength and pulled him closer. “Come nearer Nnwanowa, I have a gift for you…help you…you have much to do…quickly now before my spirit departs this broken shell.” He closed his eyes and whispered some words in a guttural language unknown to Pagan. He felt an odd sensation like a throbbing in his head, then Sagayetha’s hand dropped away.
Looking down at the shaman’s body, he remembered how the children had found great merriment at the sight of the old man strutting around the village in his proud cloak of ostrich feathers with his bandy legs poking from underneath.
Tears running down his face, he went around the village and carried all the bodies of his people to the front of his father’s hut. It was a back-breaking, harrowing task. Then he piled up dry branches and pieces of broken furniture, lit a funeral pyre, and as the flames shot into the night sky, bowed his head in silent prayer, calling on his ancestors to guide his people in the next life.
Grabbing a spear and tucking a hand axe and dagger into his belt, he walked into the forest.
After walking through the night, he reached the Crocodile people’s village some time before dawn. Surveying the rows of silent huts, he had only one thought. To kill as many of them as he could before they cut him down. 
Pagan shuddered as he remembered what he had done that awful night. The night that changed his life. Going from hut to hut, he had cut the throats of everyone he found inside, old and young, male and female. He spared no one.
Creeping into one of the last huts, he saw a lusty warrior atop his woman, buttocks pumping furiously. She had her eyes open, seemingly unmoved by his exertions. Seeing his blood-splattered figure in the dim light, she let out an ear-splitting scream.
The warrior swung around, and Pagan recognized the scout who had knocked him unconscious back at the glade. Screaming in rage, he plunged his dagger into his neck, and as the woman extricated herself from the trashing limbs, proceeded to saw his head off.
The woman tore out of the hut like all the demons of the underworld were at her heels. As her screams reverberated through the village, he heard querying voices and shouts as the place came alive.
Stepping from the hut, holding the severed head by its topknot, he hadn’t tried to run. He held the head up high and bellowed his father’s war cry, as half-naked warriors scrambled from their huts and ran at him.
Hurling the head at the warriors, he brandished his axe and spear and bellowed another incoherent war cry. He was ready to die, but would take as many of the Crocodile men with him as he could.
At that moment, a voice sounded in his ear. “Run you fool! Run towards the light, you are not meant to die here.” 
Startled, he glanced around, and saw a light hovering about head-height in the bushes to his left. As he neared, he saw the spectral figure of Sagayetha, indistinct and hazy in the moonlight.
“B…but you are dead,” he stammered.
“Yes, I am gone from the flesh. What you see is my spirit-body,” the shade replied.
A dozen Crocodile warriors rushed toward them brandishing spears, intent on revenge on the murderer who had spilt the blood of so many of their kin. He readied himself for death, but was surprised when they ran straight past him and the shaman.
“They couldn’t see us,” Sagayetha said. “A simple trick, bending light to render us invisible to them.”
Pagan stared at the shaman. It seemed he was growing more indistinct.
“They will expect you to go north. Follow the river south. No time for explanations now. My time here grows short and my powers are fading. We will not see each other again on this earthly plane, but we will meet again. Now go!” Sagayetha urged.
He had done as bidden, briefly stopping to wash off the drying blood on his body, while keeping a close eye out for the crocodiles that lived in the river. Enormous reptiles that sometimes grew to the length of four tall men.
The reality of his bloody deeds and the impact of the night’s events suddenly hit him. He felt nauseous and sick to his stomach and his limbs began to tremble uncontrollably. His legs buckled and he sat heavily on the riverbank. His stomach heaved, and he retched violently, emptying its scant contents between his legs.
As he sat under the early dawn sky with a puddle of his own vomit between his legs, his head between his hands, eyes squeezed shut, and tears running down his cheeks, he felt hideously alone. Everything and everyone he had loved and cherished were dead.
He didn’t remember getting to his feet and walking on. Wary of crocodiles, he left the riverbank, and moved into the trees. His mind a blank, he continued walking. Sagayetha had told him to go south, so he held on to that.
The countryside was unlike anything he had seen before. Strange looking trees with roots above the ground so it appeared they were balancing on stilts. The canopy overhead so thick, the sun could barely penetrate. The ground was mushy and sodden with rotting vegetation.
Thousands of insects buzzed above pools of stagnant brackish water, and mud-holes bubbled and frothed, sending noxious vapours into the air. Attracted by his body heat, clouds of the insects descended upon him, and the stinging pain as they sank tiny mandibles into his flesh deepened his despair and desolation.
On he stumbled, hacking a path through the dense undergrowth with his hand axe. Large painful blisters formed on his hands, and he occasionally sank ankle-deep in the soggy ground.
 The sun rose higher in the sky, and the humidity became almost unbearable. He had no water to drink, and the water in the brackish pools, uninviting.
As the day wore on, the heat and humidity enveloped him like a suffocating shroud, and weariness weighed upon him like death.
He began to question the wisdom of his direction. Go south, Sagayetha had said. In life, the shaman had always offered wise counsel. But it was what the old man had called his spirit-body that had advised to go south. And weren’t spirits meant to be mischievous deceivers?
Hunger cramped his stomach. Seeing a tree he recognised, he used a broken branch to knock down one of the low-hanging fruit.
Slumping down against the tree, he tore open the skin, scooped out and flung away the tiny black seeds, and sank his teeth into the juicy yellow pulp, sighing with pleasure as the sweet juice flowed down his throat.
A sudden noise startled him. Peering around the tree he froze in mid-bite – juice running unheeded down his chin and onto his chest – at the tableau before him.
A shaft of bright sunlight shone through a break in the dense canopy upon seven figures. Spears stabbing and axes chopping, six Crocodile-men surrounded the strangest looking man Pagan had ever seen. A slight figure with impossibly light skin, in loose-fitting clothes that shimmered in the sunlight.
It seemed only a matter of time before the fierce towering warriors brought down the stranger.
Pagan blinked in surprise as the light-skinned man moved with bewildering speed. Twisting, turning, ducking, he seemed to flow through and around his attackers, his only weapons his hands, elbows, knees and feet. In a few heartbeats, the Crocodile-men were down on the sward, some unmoving, others groaning in pain.
A sudden movement caught Pagan's attention. A Crocodile-man hiding behind a thick-boled tree was poised to hurl a spear at the stranger’s back. Instinctively, he grabbed his axe and flung it at the would-be backstabber.
The axe tumbled through the air to crunch into the Crocodile-man’s skull. He fell to the ground with a grunt.
The stranger spun around at the sound, then turned to face him. He was no bigger than Pagan with long straight dark hair pulled back and tied at the nape of his neck. Wide-spaced, slightly slanted dark eyes in a flat-planed high cheek-boned face, regarded him serenely. He spoke, the words at first a jumble of noise in his ears, then they became clearer.
“…ah, a pagan… heathen who is not intent on killing me.” He bowed – a slight inclination of the head, and glanced at the Crocodile-man with the axe embedded in his skull. “I am most grateful for your help. What are you called my boy?”
Nonplussed, Pagan copied the stranger’s bow.
The man's eyebrows arched in surprise. “And a pagan with manners!”
“My name is…I cannot find words for my name in your tongue,” Pagan replied. Confusion shot through him. How could he possibly understand and speak the stranger’s words? His mind was in a whirl.
The stranger’s eyebrows arched up higher. “And one who also speaks the great tongue! This is strange indeed. My name is Xiang Tse. My ship was blown off course in a storm. Seeing this land, I decided to come ashore. I have always been fascinated by foreign lands.” He pointed at the trees. “And this...vegetation is fascinating.” Gesturing at his supine assailants, he wrinkled his nose in distaste. “Tell me, who are they?”
“They are warriors of the Crocodile tribe,” Pagan said. “They are my people’s enemies, and they kill everyone who doesn’t look like them. They’ve killed all my people. I am the only one left.”
The stranger nodded. “A terrible tale that I am sorry to hear. Is that why you are here, seeking to avenge the death of your people?”
Pagan bowed his head. “I have… killed them all,” he said, voice cracking. He looked at his hands. “I had their blood all over me. I felt ashamed, dirty… no better than them. And it hasn’t brought… Amla or my people back. It is an evil thing to kill people.”
The stranger stepped closer and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Killing shouldn’t sit easily with a man. The shame you feel for your actions does you great credit, boy. Now tell me, how is it you understand my words?”
Pagan shook his head. “I don’t know.” Then he remembered the shaman. “Old Sagayetha, our tribe shaman gave me a gift before he died. A strange gift, for I couldn’t touch or see it. He said I had much to do and it would help me. Perhaps the gift helps me understand strange words?”
Xiang Tse was quiet for a while, his brow furrowed in thought. “This is strange indeed,” he muttered. “Now my boy, tell me your name again.”
“I can’t,” Pagan replied. “I can’t find the words for my name in your tongue. But you called me something when you first saw me. You called me a pagan? I like the sound of that. So, you can call me Pagan. My name is Pagan.”
Xiang Tse smiled. “Pagan, hmmm? By the Creator of all things, that does sound rather fitting, doesn’t it? But you are no uncouth pagan or barbarian my young friend. There is much untapped strength and nobility in you.” He looked closely at the young man before him. “So, what do you intend doing now Pagan? Wander the jungle or seek to kill more of these?” He gestured at the supine Crocodile-men.
Pagan had no idea what he was going to do next. Everything he knew was gone. He shrugged, and the pangs of loneliness and hopelessness pierced him like a twin-pronged spear.
 “A series of seemingly random events have brought you and I to this point,” Xiang Tse said. “Some might say it’s simply chance, but I don’t believe in coincidence. The Laws of the Creator of all things don’t allow for coincidences. There is significance and meaning in every encounter. The threads of our fates have crossed, and a wise man should pay heed. I have a proposition for you Pagan. Why don’t you come with me? My land is very far from here. I will be your teacher and will show you a world you never dreamed of. You will learn many things such as philosophy, history, reading, writing, and fighting arts.” 
A kaleidoscope of images and thoughts flowed through Pagan’s mind: Lying with Amla in the moonlit grove, the Crocodile warrior striking him down, Amla’s lifeless body when he came to, the death and destruction in his village, the butchered bodies of his father and brothers...He locked gazes with Xiang Tse. Noted the kind eyes overlying the strong unwavering gaze of the warrior. His father had had the same, though much fiercer gaze.
Xiang Tse looked ageless, though he guessed he was somewhat older than his father. He could sense no malice in him, and felt at ease in his presence. He had no idea what philosophy, or reading and writing were, and had no intention of fighting with anyone. But he liked how the slightly built man had easily bested the fearsome Crocodile-men without spilling blood.
He made the only choice he could. “Yes, I will come with you.”
Xiang Tse led him back to the riverbank, and both men followed the river south for some distance until they met a small group of Xiang Tse’s countrymen. Xiang Tse barked instructions, and judging by the bows, obsequious mannerisms, and the speed at which they responded, Pagan guessed him to be a powerful and respected leader.
Further downstream, they came across another group of men loading barrels into two small boats. He noticed many of them cast quizzical glances at him. After all, their master had wandered off into the jungle by himself.
He and Xiang Tse climbed into one of the boats with two other sailors who skilfully manoeuvred it down the river estuary into the open sea. His eyes widened when he saw the sea. He had heard of it, but never seen such a huge expanse of water before. Moored in the distance was a large ship with two triangular-shaped sails.
Once aboard, Xiang Tse led him to a large cabin. “I think you and I should have a bath my friend,” he said, smiling. Noting his guest’s quizzical look, he pointed to two large wooden tubs filled with hot steaming water. Stripping his clothes off, he climbed into one of the tubs and immersed himself in the hot water with a sigh.
Pagan followed suit. Initially the water felt too hot, but his body soon adjusted to it.
Xiang Tse clapped his hands, and two young women with long dark hair piled atop their heads, and flawless skin even paler than Xiang Tse’s, entered the cabin. They were carrying long handled scrubbing brushes and bottles of different-coloured liquids.
Pagan squirmed deeper into the tub with embarrassment as one of them approached him. Opening the stoppers, she poured measures of the liquids into the tub. The water foamed and a pleasant soothing aroma rose with the steam that suffused the air.
He glanced across at Xiang Tse. He was leaning forward as his attendant gently scrubbed his back. Copying his new-found benefactor, Pagan also leant forward.
The idea of being washed by an attractive woman or anyone else for that matter was decidedly strange to him. But as he relaxed, he found the experience wasn’t altogether unpleasant. The stirrings of an erection made him squirm again. Upon seeing his discomfort, the woman raised a delicately shaped eyebrow and giggled.
After the bath, the women dried them with large thick soft cloths, then helped them into light, soft shiny robes. Then Xiang Tse led him to another cabin and sat him before a table laden with aromatic smelling dishes. His benefactor ladled his plate with a generous portion of fresh fish and vegetables. The red and green vegetables were unfamiliar, but the hot spicy condiment that flavoured the fish was not dissimilar to that used by his people.
Ravenously hungry, he wolfed down the food, nodding with a full mouth when Xiang Tse enquired if it was to his taste. Xiang Tse smiled, and they ate in silence. Pagan was simply content to take in his new surroundings, and Xiang Tse knew he had to give his new charge time and space to adapt.
 
*******
 
Standing on the deck as the ship set sail, Pagan watched the shoreline slowly dwindle in the distance. It occurred to him it was unlikely he would ever see it again. Xiang Tse had said his land was far away. He wondered how far it could possibly be. Four to five day’s journey perhaps? 
Pagan was astonished by the size of the ship, and the number of men aboard. Apart from the sails, it also boasted two banks of oars. Xiang Tse had called it a bireme. It had a crew of one-hundred and twenty sailors, including the oarsmen – tough looking wiry men who always seemed to be scurrying about on various duties.
Pagan enjoyed the journey immensely. Xiang Tse was a thoughtful and entertaining host with an astonishing breadth of knowledge allied with an inquisitive mind. He listened attentively as Pagan recounted how his people lived, and the harrowing events of that last night. He was particularly interested in Pagan’s relationship with Sagayetha. 
Xiang Tse told him about his land, the kingdom of Chenghuan. Pagan’s eyes widened in disbelief when Xiang Tse said it numbered over three million people. He was also incredulous at the news that there were untold millions of people of different skin colour who lived in different parts of the world.
He heard of Xiang Tse’s journeys to lands where people lived high in the cold of the mountains, lands where all was sand and rock, and lands that were so crowded, people lived in houses as high as trees.
He was incredulous when Xiang Tse told him the world was round, and circled around the sun. Pagan’s people believed the world ended beyond the great waters of the Crocodile people's land. But then, here he was, sailing on those very waters on his way to a land called Chenghuan. He learnt that the stars were not simply holes in the sky but other worlds, unimaginable distances away.
At other times, they exercised on a roped-off area of the deck. With both men stripped to the waist, Xiang Tse taught him deep breathing techniques that helped slow the heart rate, control emotions, focus concentration, and harness a mysterious internal power his tutor called shi.
When not with Xiang Tse, the ship captain, a scar-faced small man named Lin Po, allowed Pagan to stand on the bow of the ship where he watched the prow cut through the water. In the evenings, he would stand on deck and watch the sunset. It was a spectacular sight. The sun, a red ball in the distance, slowly merging with the sea, with the clouds verging between many colours – purple, deep red, orange, deep blue, and yellow.
The journey to Chenghuan lasted sixty days with frequent stops on small islands to replenish water stores.
Xiang Tse lived in a castle some distance to the south-east of the capital city, Chengpian. Built of white stone, it had five stories with green-slated slopping roofs on the top three levels. Tall trees surrounded the grounds, which were about three times bigger than Pagan’s village back in Amadou-Zongai.
Xiang Tse was one of Chenghuan’s foremost philosopher-warriors, and his home the Jade Castle, was one of the finest learning centres in the land, teaching various disciplines.
The top two levels of the Jade Castle contained Xiang Tse’s private quarters, and the other three housed students’ and tutors’ living quarters, lecture and practice halls, kitchens, dining halls, and libraries.
Pagan couldn't read or write, so Xiang Tse thought it prudent to assign him a personal tutor before he was able to join the other students in various classes. 
Xiang Tse led Pagan to a small room to meet the man charged with the task of teaching him these basics. The scrupulously tidy room held a small desk before an uncomfortable looking straight-back bamboo chair, and a large hard-wood desk behind which sat a fierce-eyed small man with a wispy chin-beard and long moustache drooping past his chin.
The man rose, moved from behind his desk and bowed to Xiang Tse who introduced him to Pagan. Patting his young charge on the shoulder, Xiang Tse turned and left the room.
Pagan's heart sank as he looked into the dark unfriendly eyes of his new tutor. 
Ho-Jun Rhee looked at the figure before him, his face wrinkling in distaste. “Aieee-yaaa,” he exclaimed, “my sins must have been great in a previous life for the esteemed Xiang Tse to give me this task of teaching a black round-eyed devil! Tell me black gwai-loh, how am I supposed to teach you anything when you don't even speak our glorious language?”
Ho-Jun Rhee's jaw dropped in shock when Pagan bowed low, and replied in near-perfect Cheng. “I speak your language teacher, and will do my best to be a good student.” The words tasted like ash in his mouth, for it was clear the mean-eyed little man didn't like him. But he knew he had much to learn if he was to survive in this new world he found himself in, and furthermore, he didn't want to let down Xiang Tse.
“What is this... sorcery?” Ho-Jun Rhee spluttered “How come you can speak our language, black devil?”
“The honourable Xiang Tse taught me a few words on our journey here,” Pagan replied, keeping his eyes downcast. “I am a quick learner, teacher.”
Ho-Jun Rhee stood silently for a while, glaring at the young man before him. Finally, he ran a thumb and forefinger down his long moustache. “We shall see gwai-loh, we shall see.” Turning on his heel, he moved toward his desk, then stopped and spun around. “And here is your first lesson, black devil. It is bad manners and unseemly to boast. Now, what are you called?”
“They call me Pagan, teacher.”
Ho-Jun Rhee paused, stared at Pagan, then nodded. “Ah, what else,” he muttered to himself.
He pointed at the small desk. “That is yours. Now sit and be quiet while I consider where to start.”
Ho-Jun Rhee sat behind his desk, studying the young man sitting quietly at the small bamboo table before him. He had heard of the black savages who lived far away at the other end of the world, but never imagined he would ever see one, let alone have one thrust upon him as a student. Aieee-yaaa, the gods do test a man in strange ways. Whether it was good or bad joss for him, would unfold in time.
Pagan's lessons with Ho-Jun Rhee didn't start well. He had no concept of reading or writing, and Ho-Jun Rhee wasn't the most patient of teachers. The seemingly random strokes, lines and squiggles of the Cheng writing made little sense to him, and were hard to decipher. Copying them on parchment using a quill – a writing implement made from the wing-feathers of a large bird – was the devil's own task. Dipping the sharp end of the feather in a small clay-pot of black ink, Pagan's initial attempts at writing resulted in a mess of lines and squiggles interspersed with blotches and smudge marks. Each mistake brought a sharp rap across the knuckles with a bamboo cane, resulting in more blotches.
His raw and bruised knuckles didn't make his task any easier, but he persevered, grimly setting his jaw, dipping his quill in the ink, and painstakingly tracing the calligraphy on the parchment.
In time, Pagan improved both his writing and reading, as the hard-to-please Ho-Jun Rhee looked on, ready to offer more painful encouragement with his bamboo cane.
Impressed with his student's stoicism and willingness to learn, the long-moustached teacher gradually warmed to Pagan, and much to his surprise began to enjoy their time together. 
But perhaps he shouldn't be so surprised he mused, for the esteemed Xiang Tse had undoubtedly seen something in the young barbarian. He wouldn't have brought a complete numbskull all that way across the seas to the Jade Castle. And he had heard tales of Pagan coming to Xiang Tse's aid when he was attacked by flesh eating black-skinned devils with filed teeth. Aieeeee... what else would a man expect to come across if he insisted on sailing to the darkest corners of the world? 
Pagan in turn, found a new exciting world opening before him. He learned it would take a man travelling on horseback from Chengpian, the capital city of Chenghuan on the western coast, two months to reach the eastern end of the kingdom. To the north, beyond the great mountains called the Pillars of the Sky, lay the rival kingdom of Gaekche with which Chenghuan had fought many wars over the years. Far to the south east was the great impassable Kovra-Sa desert. According to the writings, two explorer-brothers had managed to cross it hundreds of years ago. One returned years later, wild-eyed and raving about the squat swarthy people who lived at the far edge of the desert and sacrificed their enemies to a dark god. He said their numbers were vast but split into hundreds of different tribes constantly at war with each other.
The seer, Lao Tzu had foretold of the coming of a feared leader who would one day unite these warring tribes into an unstoppable horde, and lead them across the desert into the rich fertile lands of the Kingdom. He advised the building of a great wall stretching the entire southern width of the Kingdom to keep the tribes out in such an eventuality. The vast undertaking beyond scale and imagination had taken over a hundred years to complete, costing over a thousand lives. The talk of such vast distances, rival kingdoms, and wars, had made Pagan's head swim.
He also read with incredulity of the white-skinned gwai-loh who lived in the lands far to the west across the sea. They apparently had different hair colouring, ranging from black, brown, red and yellow, which was the colour of corn or gold. Surely this couldn't be true, for his people had uniformly black curly hair, and the Cheng had straight black hair. The idea of gold-or-red-coloured hair was outlandish. But perhaps one day he would get the opportunity to travel to these strange lands across the sea and see for himself.
When he wasn't studying, Pagan joined other students in various physical exercises, open-hand combat, and weapons training. A large exercise area was set up for the students at the rear of the Jade Castle. 
Being of slight-build and having little aptitude for physical activities, he found the whole thing daunting, but had little choice in the matter. Dressed in the traditional exercise-wear of black Cheun Zow Saam – long-sleeved loose-fitting shirt, and Cheun Zow Fu – loose-fitting mid-calf-length trousers, and thin-soled black canvas slip-on shoes, he pushed aside his fears and did the best he could.
A legacy of his upbringing in the open-air of the grasslands, his lungs were strong, and he could run long distances effortlessly. He excelled in the training runs through the rolling hills surrounding the castle.
But there was little strength in his thin arms and bony shoulders, and the exercise instructors went about ensuring this changed. At first, he particularly disliked the arm and upper back strengthening exercise. With a number of the other students looking on, one of the instructors had led him to a frame consisting of two thick weather-beaten poles hammered vertically into the ground with a thinner smoothed pole fixed horizontally across the top. 
Told to stand on a small wooden stool and grasp the overhead pole, the instructor whipped away the stool, leaving him dangling, his thin arms supporting his entire body-weight. He had to pull himself up, touch his chin to the pole, then lower himself in a controlled manner. Arms quivering, he managed to pull and lower himself twice before his strength failed and he fell to the ground to the amusement of the watchers. Another student, no bigger than him, but with his arms showing lean corded muscle, leapt, grasped the pole and completed fifteen pulls.
Pagan’s embarrassment was complete, but he reasoned if the other, no bigger than him, could do it, so could he. Within fourteen days, he could manage six pulls, and within a month, ten.
To strengthen his shoulders, he had to hoist a long iron bar with a rounded stone fixed to each end, up to his shoulders, then push it overhead until his arms were straight. Though he used the bar with the smallest and lightest stones, he could only push it a quarter of the way up before his arms and legs buckled under the weight.
Just like the pulls, he got stronger over time and was able to use heavier weights and complete more and more overhead pushes.
His body changed. His shoulders widened, with rounded deltoid muscles, and the triangular shaped trapezius muscles that formed the upper part his shoulders, flowed into a strong corded neck that months earlier had been as thin as a stork's leg.
He began to revel in his new-found strength and found himself enjoying the various weapons drills. Growing up in Amadou-Zongai, he had viewed the use of sharp objects to pierce another's body as barbaric, but the senseless slaughter of Amla and his people by the Crocodile tribe had taught him a valuable lesson. The value of learning how to use weapons to protect oneself and loved ones from the evil strong. That wasn't barbarism, but simple prudence in a violent and often cruel world.
He also learned open-hand fighting skills that involved using various parts of the body as offensive or defensive tools. Intrigued by the almost magical skills Xiang Tse had used to incapacitate the fearsome Crocodile-warriors in the jungle clearing, he now found himself acquiring the basic skills.
Pagan didn’t see much of Xiang Tse in his first two years at the Jade Castle. However, he dined with him in his private quarters every ninety days. He looked forward to these occasions when Xiang Tse enquired about his progress, and they continued the discussions they had started on the long journey to Chenghuan.
Life at the Jade Castle was strict and structured, with students expected to adhere to a code of discipline. Used to a much more carefree life, it took Pagan some time to adjust.
After initial curiosity about his skin colour, he had few problems with the other students, with one exception.
Chan Ki-Hon was a brute who delighted in inflicting pain on those smaller and weaker than himself. Tall and well-muscled, with the lean hips of an athlete, none of the students liked being paired with him in the fighting drills, but Chan Ki-Hon took special pleasure in tormenting Pagan.
One-step shadow-fighting gave the students the opportunity to practice offensive and defensive skills in a controlled format. It involved one student stepping forward with a strike of choice, and the other, evading or blocking the strike before launching a counter attack. Only light contact with the opponent was permitted. Pagan suffered the edge of Chan Ki-Hon's ire the first time he was paired with him.
Stepping forward, he launched a right-hand punch at Chan Ki-Hon’s temple. Shifting his weight, the other blocked the punch with a painful knife-hand strike to the inside of Pagan’s forearm, before sinking a right uppercut into his belly. As Pagan doubled up in pain trying to catch his breath, Chan Ki-Hon moved closer. “Did that hurt my little barbarian friend?” he hissed. “Your presence here offends me. That was your first lesson for daring to think you belong among civilized people.”
There were many more of these lessons over the months as the drills often left Pagan with bruised ribs, a bloody nose or split lips.
His anger grew. He had previously believed a man’s features reflected the inner person. But Chan Ki-Hon's finely chiselled face with wide-spaced dark eyes that often sparkled with humour, masked the malice and cruelty within him. He longed to smash his fist into that mocking face, to humble the arrogant pig, but Chan Ki-Hon was simply too big and strong, and infinitely better skilled.
Chan Ki-Hon’s hatred and cruelty knew no bounds. One day, as Pagan sat on his bunk taking a break between lessons, he felt a sharp pain high on his right hip. Swinging around, he saw a deadly red-tailed scorpion scurrying away. The pain was blinding, and the effect of the arachnid's venom almost instantaneous. As he rose to his feet to shout for help, his head swam and he collapsed onto the floor.
Fortunately, Ho-Jun Rhee, concerned about his student's unusual lack of punctuality came looking for him. Pagan later learnt how lucky he had been, for had he not passed out, and ran off seeking help, the poison would have spread through his body faster, resulting in his death in no time.
As it was, he spent four days in the castle's healing room. All thought it was an unfortunate accident, mere bad joss, but upon his recovery, one look at Chan Ki-Hon's malicious dark eyes and mocking knowing smile told Pagan all he needed to know. He kept his suspicions to himself, for he had no proof, but bade his time, watching and learning.
Harnessing his anger, Pagan pushed himself harder, determined that one day he would humble his tormentor. Long runs and short sprints in the fields and hills of the Jade Castle improved his endurance and explosive power. He grew stronger still, with the pull-up and overhead pushing exercises. He spent endless time practising the various fighting skills the tutors taught them so they became instinctive.
At the end of each summer, the Jade Castle held competitions in free-form shadow-fighting, sword play, staff fighting and various other disciplines, to gauge the progress of the students. Somewhat to his surprise, Pagan progressed to the finals in the shadow-fighting. Facing him was Chan Ki-Hon
The finals were held on a late-afternoon in the large grounds before an audience including students, tutors and various dignitaries. It was unusual for the Emperor to attend these events but rumoured to be intrigued by the dark-skinned gwai-loh in their midst, had decided to grace the Jade Castle with his Imperial presence.
Both fighters faced off in the fighting square and on the adjudicator’s instructions bowed to each other before turning to face, and bow to the Emperor. Workmen had constructed a special stand for the Emperor and his retinue; topped with red silk awnings to shield their delicate skin from the sun, and red silk cushions to protect pampered backsides from the hardwood benches.
As Chan Ki-Hon locked eyes with him, Pagan knew his opponent would do anything to take the first prize. Defeat by the detested dark-skinned barbarian before such an August audience would result in a loss of face and respect beyond imagining.
Both students circled each other looking for openings. Chan Ki-Hon was the first to attack. He launched a series of quick punches to the head before feinting a turning kick to the ribs followed by a full-force kick to the head. Aware they were meant to distract him, Pagan ignored the first strikes and dipped his knees as Chan Ki-Hon’s foot lanced at his skull. The kick would have rendered him senseless had it landed as intended, on his temple. 
Chan Ki- Hon's foot swept above his head, leaving the bully off-balance and exposed, allowing Pagan to counter with a side kick to the ribs, which sent his enemy sprawling.
A murmur of appreciation came from the audience, as the larger boy arched his back, and catapulted himself to his feet, eyes blazing. 
Pagan probed his opponent’s defences with a left jab followed by an overhand right hand to the head. Chan Ki-Hon contemptuously ignored the jab, and swayed away from the right-hand punch. Grabbing his foe's now overextended right arm, he turned his hips into Pagan, and flipped him onto the ground. As Pagan sprawled, Chan Ki-Hon leapt high with his right knee upraised before driving it down toward his opponent’s prone body. Pagan rolled to avoid the strike and regained his feet.
As the adjudicator stepped in to admonish Chan Ki-Hon for the use of excessive force, a member of the Emperor’s retinue left his well-upholstered seat, approached him, and whispered in his ear. The adjudicator then turned to the combatants, signalling that full contact was permitted.
Chan Ki-Hon grinned malevolently at Pagan. “I am going to break your bones, heathen.” 
Pagan ignored the taunt, deepening his breathing and concentration. Both came together in an exchange of strikes of bewildering speed. The sound of flesh impacting on flesh resounded in the still summer air, as open palms and forearms blocked most of the strikes.
Most, but not all. Pagan reeled backward as a palm-heel strike bloodied his nose and drew water from his eyes, but he managed to block the follow-up elbow-strike to his jaw. Springing forward, he staggered Chan Ki-Hon with a short hooking punch to the jaw, but missed with a reverse spinning kick to the head as the other ducked.
With Pagan momentarily unbalanced, Chan Ki-Hon surged upward with a reverse knife-hand strike to his groin, a brutal offensive technique usually restricted for use in real combat situations. 
Fortunately, Pagan managed to shift his thigh to deflect and cushion the impact.
Angered, Pagan launched himself forward, throwing wild punches that Chan Ki-Hon easily avoided. He responded with a powerful combination capped with a straight right between the eyes that sent Pagan sprawling on the ground.
As Pagan climbed unsteadily to his feet, Chan Ki-Hon snapped out a turning kick that caught him high on the head. The world spun and he went down again.
Satisfied he had got the better of Pagan, Chan Ki-Hon stood over his hated enemy, prodded him with his foot, spat in his face, then turned and sauntered away.
Pagan propped himself up on an elbow and shook his ringing head. Looking up and beyond his opponent, he saw Xiang Tse standing in front of the royal enclosure, his face expressionless as their eyes locked. Pagan breathed deeply, wiped the spittle from his face, and rose to his feet.
Xiang Tse nodded in encouragement, and a murmur rose from the audience.
Chan Ki-Hon turned around, his dark eyes raised in mock surprise. “Ah, you are strong my barbarian friend,” he hissed. “But I am going to enjoy breaking you a piece at a time.”
Pagan raised his hands and beckoned him in. Chan Ki-Hon stormed forward, throwing lightning fast strikes and kicks.
Pagan moved – ducking, twisting, turning, and flowing around Chan Ki-Hon strikes. Just like Xiang Tse had flowed around and through the Crocodile-men. He didn’t quite know how, but he managed to avoid or deflect most of Chan Ki-Hon’s attacks.
Then he launched his counter-attack.
Feinting a jab, he leapt high, spun in mid-air, and drove his right foot into Chan Ki-Hon’s chest. Catapulted backward, the bully hit the ground with a thump. Desperately gasping for breath, he lurched to his feet.
Pagan took three running steps and launched into a flying kick – left leg tucked under him and right leg extended with the foot flexed to present the hard outer-edge and heel.
Recovering swiftly, Chan Ki-Hon sidestepped Pagan’s hurtling body, then adroitly spun around and launched himself upon his unbalanced opponent’s back. Curling his forearm around Pagan’s neck like a steel trap and locking his legs around his waist, he bore him to the ground.
Pagan struggled vainly, hands scrabbling at Chan Ki-Hon's corded forearm, but was helpless as his enemy squeezed like a constricting snake. With the pressure on his carotid arteries restricting blood-flow to his brain, he began to weaken. His hands fell from his enemy’s forearm and he lost consciousness.
 
*******
 
Pagan dined with Xiang Tse that evening. After a sumptuous meal of roast pork, roast duck, fragrant rice, black mushrooms and yard long beans, master and student sipped flavoured shaojiu – a spirit distilled from sorghum – from shallow bowls.
Xiang Tse walked to the window and looked down at the workmen dismantling the royal enclosure. Turning to look at Pagan, he took another sip from his bowl before speaking. “You have come a long way in the last couple of years. I am proud of you for the way you have adapted to life in a foreign land far away from all you knew.”
Pagan flushed with pride at Xiang Tse’s acknowledgment of his efforts. But truth to tell, he enjoyed life at the Jade Castle, Chan Ki-Hon providing the sole dark cloud.
As if reading Pagan’s mind, Xiang Tse continued. “Chan Ki-Hon may be an unpleasant young man, but he is very capable. You have done well to stand up to his bullying, and you will come across many like him in life. No matter how strong they may seem, they are generally weak men trying to compensate for some inadequacy.”
Pagan stood and joined his teacher by the window. He shook his head. “I don’t see many inadequacies. He is very fast and very skilled, and I am ashamed he beat me. I wanted to…kill him, stuff those insults down his throat.”
Xiang Tse nodded. “And therein lies the reason he beat you. You let your anger and hatred get the better of you. You saw him tottering and ready for the headman’s axe, neh? So, you lost zhi – self-control, and chose a devastating, but risky attack.”
Pagan nodded. “I was aiming for his head.”
“I know,” Xiang Tse acknowledged. “Good thing you missed then, neh? Your kick would have smashed his skull, and the consequences would have been dire indeed.”
“Why? Full contact was permitted, and he would have killed me, given the chance.”
“Maybe. Seok-Ah – the adjudicator, – had to prise his arm from around your neck after you lost consciousness. But you cannot base your actions on what Chan Ki-Hon might have done, given the opportunity. Each man is responsible for his own actions. Besides, killing the son of the Emperor’s closest adviser would have brought big problems, including your own death.”
“But it was a fair contest.”
“Indeed, it was, but there has never been a death in these contests, and much face would have been lost if a gwai-loh not only won, but killed the only son of a highly-placed member of the Emerald Court.”
“I didn’t know.”
“Perhaps not, but know you have made a dangerous enemy in Chan Ki-Hon. Although he beat you, you cracked three of his ribs and came very close to humbling him. He will not forget that.”
Pagan nodded. But he wasn’t overly concerned about incurring Chan Ki-Hon’s enmity.
Xiang Tse turned away from the window and placed a hand on Pagan’s shoulder. “The next stage of your education starts now. Gather your belongings and return here tomorrow. I have set aside a room for you. Now, go and get a good night’s sleep, you need it after today’s exertions and excitement.”
 
To Grasp a Breeze
 
 
The slate-grey sky, devoid of sun, moon, or stars made it impossible to tell whether it was day or night. There wasn’t the barest hint of a breeze. The ground was reddish-brown and rocky.
Pagan looked around and wondered how he came to be in this desolate place. He couldn’t see any trees or plants, or any signs of life.
Perplexed, he walked toward a hill he could see in the distance. Reaching the brow, he looked down the other side and saw a mass of figures. Some were sitting on the ground, some squatting, and others simply standing.
He made his way down the hill, and walked toward a white-robed figure standing apart from the rest. As he reached him, the figure spoke. “It’s good so see you again my boy, but I am saddened by your appearance.”
The figure flipped back his cowl.
“Sagayetha!” Pagan blurted in relief. “Where am I? What is this place? Why does my appearance sadden you, and who are all these people?”
The former shaman glanced at the silent mass of figures before turning back to Pagan. “So many questions, so many questions! I brought your spirit here while you slept. When you wake, all this will seem like a dream, but pay heed my boy, for it is not. This is the Ethereal Plane. Some call it the Place between Places. We must all pass through here after we die…after our time on the mortal plane is over.”
“Those are the lost and blighted souls,” he explained, gesturing at the silent mass of people. “Some are lost, not knowing why they are here, and others committed such evil deeds when alive, they are doomed to wander this dead place until they are granted an opportunity for redemption. Some are scaled like reptiles and others worse than that. Look at your hands, my boy.”
Pagan raised his hands and gasped in horror. The back of his hands were scaled like a snake or lizard’s. Reaching up he touched his face and it felt scaly. “What’s happened to me?” he asked, his voice quivering.
“On this plane of existence, our appearance reflects the nature of our souls,” Sagayetha told him. “Killing all those Crocodile people was a foul deed that blemished your soul.”
“But they deserved to die.”
“Perhaps so. But surely not the women and children and old ones? They had no hand in killing our people and Amla. Tell me, how did you feel after you took your vengeance?”
Pagan bowed his head, his voice low, as he replied. “You are right Sagayetha, but my anger consumed me. In my hate, I wanted to kill them all, but afterward, I felt sullied...dirty. I felt ashamed. I was no better than them.”
Sagayetha moved closer and placed a hand on Pagan’s shoulder. “Hmm... and there lies your path to redemption. You realized you’d committed a great evil.”
“So, what should I do? I cannot undo what I have done.”
“You are already on the right path, Pagan.” Sagayetha smiled. “I call you...Pagan, for that is who you are. Nnwanowa – the name your father gave you, is no more. You chose the name Pagan, and it is fitting for the world in which you now travel. Heed the words of your teacher, Xiang Tse. He is a good man, and you will learn much from him. Don’t sully your soul with unworthy thoughts, words or deeds. Fight evil where you find it, and protect the weak from those who seek to harm them.”
“I shall try my best.”
“That is all any man can do.”
Pagan glanced at the silent figures and shuddered. “Where is Amla? I hope she isn’t amongst them?”
 Sagayetha smiled and shook his head. “Of course not, Pagan. Amla was a child of kindness and good thoughts, and has a light soul. She has passed through to a higher plane of existence.”
“Will I ever see her again?”
“Perhaps Pagan, Perhaps. If your soul is unburdened when your time comes, the Laws of Creation may draw you together again. But not yet, not yet, eh? You have many years left and much to accomplish on the physical plane.”
Suddenly, Sagayetha performed a pirouette, stopped, and held his arms out wide. The white robe had disappeared and in its stead was the familiar cloak of ostrich feathers.
Pagan laughed at the sight. “I much prefer my old cloak to that white robe.” Sagayetha said. “But it takes too much effort to keep it on here. It disappears when I lose concentration, and is replaced by the boring robe. It so lacks colour!”
As if to lend credence to his words, the proud cloak disappeared and the shaman was once again clothed in the plain white robe.
“One of the things I dislike about this place,” he exclaimed. “It doesn’t allow for the vanity of an old man!”
Smiling, Pagan shook his head. Sagayetha hadn’t lost his sense of humour.
“I sometimes miss the grasslands, and it has been good talking to you again,” Sagayetha said. “I am not certain if we will see each other again, but I will look down on you when I can. Remember my words, Pagan. Live a long life and don’t sully yourself with unworthy deeds. Now it’s time for you to return. Farewell my boy.” 
 
*******
 
The next morning, after breakfasting on millet porridge and eggs with the other students, Pagan gathered his belongings and made his way to the staircase that led to Xiang Tse’s personal quarters. As he neared the stairs, a young woman with long curly dark hair approached him.
“I am Liang. My uncle Xiang Tse, asked me to escort you upstairs and show you to your room.”
Pagan studied her. He hadn’t seen her before. She wore a light-coloured long shirt and tight-fitting dark leggings. Slender and a little shorter than him, wide-spaced storm-grey eyes in a high-cheek-boned face appraised him coolly. Her features suggested she was Cheng, but the slightly darker hue of her skin, and curly hair indicated other aspects to her ancestry. He thought he detected a hint of mockery and disapproval in her gaze.
Inclining his head in greeting, he hoisted the sack containing his meagre belongings, and followed her up the stairs. His eyes were drawn to her subtly swaying hips. By heaven, she's beautiful, he thought. Flushing with embarrassment, he swiftly averted his gaze – not swiftly enough – as she glanced over her shoulder. She frowned in disapproval before turning away, dark curls bouncing.
Pagan smiled at her back, his eyes seemingly of their own accord flickering back to her beguiling hips. Remembering Sagayetha’s warning about impure thoughts, he quickly looked away, wondering if he had sullied his soul.
After showing him to his room – where he left his belongings, Liang led him up another flight of stairs. They walked down a long corridor and stopped before a closed door bearing the carving of a ferocious looking winged creature, flames belching from its open mouth. Pagan had no idea what it was.
Liang pushed the door open and beckoned Pagan to follow her. “Wait here for my uncle,” she said, her voice cool. She swung around, left the room and shut the door behind her.
Pagan was nonplussed, not understanding what he could have possibly done to offend her. But then he mused, understanding a woman was like to trying to grasp a breeze in your hand.
He glanced around with interest.
The room was large with a highly polished wooden floor. Along one wall stood racks of various weapons: swords of different shapes and lengths, spears, battle axes, and many others unfamiliar to him. Upon another wall hung detailed drawings of the human body.
He walked over to take a closer look at the illustrations.
One drawing illustrated the muscles, tendons and ligaments of the body, each in a different colour. Another showed the internal organs, a third the nerve clusters, and a fourth the meridian lines that carry shi energy throughout the body.
As he wandered over to the weapons rack, the door opened and Xiang Tse walked in. Pagan bowed deeply – the appropriate greeting of a student to the master of the Jade Castle.
Xiang Tse smiled and inclined his head. “Ah Pagan, good to see you again my boy. It appears my niece doesn’t approve of you. What have you done to upset her?”
Pagan shrugged. “I don’t know. I hardly said a word to her.”
Xiang Tse nodded. “Women are indeed a mystery. I have had four wives, and am still in the dark.” His eyes twinkled as he surprised Pagan with his next words. “But I am sure the two of you will eventually get on very well. After all, you will be practising together.”
Pagan was aghast at the idea. The expression on his face so comical, Xiang Tse found it hard not to laugh. Pagan protested. “But Master, she is a woman. Women can’t fight and besides, she doesn’t like me.”
This time, Xiang Tse’s laughter rang out, then his eyes turned serious. “Perhaps you shouldn’t have upset her,” he chided. “Many of our people share your sentiments about women. They are forbidden from carrying weapons and learning fighting skills. But Liang is special. She has been with me since she was a child. Her skills are quite extraordinary, and you will learn much from her.”
Pagan bowed in acquiescence, but he couldn’t see the humour in the situation, and found it hard to believe Liang was as skilled as Xiang Tse claimed.
 
*******
 
 Pagan pulled the gelding to a halt and glanced up. The sky was a cloudless bright blue, and the sun was hot on his head. The horse lifted its head, nostrils quivering.
“You can smell water, eh boy?” he queried.
Glancing to his left, there was a stream beyond a stand of trees and some bushes. He had stopped there often after previous visits to the ruins. The gelding walked up to it and dipped its head to drink.
Pagan dismounted, and knelt by the horse as Ripper came running up. Splashing water on his head and face, he climbed to his feet and grabbed a small sack from his saddlebag. Sitting down, he extracted two strips of dried meat and bit into one, savouring the taste as he chewed the tough fibres.
Ripper lay in front of Pagan, huge head resting on his paws and pleading eyes fixed on him. Pagan chuckled. “Yes, mallet-head, I haven’t forgotten you,” Reaching forward, he offered the other piece to the greedy hound. Perhaps remembering earlier admonitions not to snatch, Ripper took it gently from his fingers and wolfed it down.
Finishing his strip, Pagan stretched out on the grassy bank. Ripper ambled up and nuzzled him, then his tongue darted out, slobbering all over Pagan’s face. He pushed the dog away onto its back and tickled its belly. Ripper growled, reached up and grabbed Pagan’s arm in his jaws. As man and dog rolled about in mock-fight, the gelding looked down, snorted in derision, and looked away. 
Sometime later, with Ripper lying quietly next to him, Pagan’s mind wandered back to Liang and his time at the Jade Castle. 
Xiang Tse hadn’t exaggerated. Liang was special. Devastatingly quick and clever, she had an almost intuitive grasp of combat.
He had sat open-mouthed in astonishment the first time he watched Xiang Tse and Liang practice with swords. It was like watching an intricate dance to the screeching music of the blades. The swordplay was dazzling, the balance and footwork superb, so neither, at any point was unbalanced or out of position. Their speed was extraordinary as their swords came together time and again in a bewildering series of cuts, blocks, ripostes and parries.
Surely it was a matter of time before one or the other was cut. He feared particularly for Xiang Tse, as Liang’s twin swords weaved a deadly pattern that threatened to penetrate the older man’s defences. Her left-hand sword darted out like a viper’s tongue at Xiang Tse’s throat. A slight shift of Xiang Tse’s body, saw the sword tip miss by a hair’s breadth. Her right-hand sword slashed at his groin, but he pirouetted away before countering with a diagonal cut.
Pagan gasped. He expected to see Liang cut open from collar bone to groin, but the girl almost nonchalantly blocked the cut on her crossed swords, her left leg snaking out in a front kick to Xiang Tse’s lower belly.
Xiang Tse danced out of range, slid back in, and slashed at his niece’s legs. Liang leapt high in the air as the sword whistled beneath her, and slashed down at Xiang Tse’s head with her right-hand sword. The swords screeched and blue sparks sprang in the air as the teacher blocked the cut. He rolled his wrist, his blade slithered against Liang's sword and sent it flying out of her hand.
Xiang Tse stepped back and pointed his sword downward to indicate the practice duel was over. Both bowed to each other, and Xiang Tse called Pagan over.
Xiang Tse sheathed his sword, sat cross-legged on the floor, placed the sheathed weapon next to him, and gestured to his two students to sit in front of him.
Looking at Pagan he spoke. “You should never draw your sword lightly, for when you do, it is in the knowledge you are prepared to take life. One thing is certain in swordplay; you will get cut. That is why we practice with naked blades – to get used to the kiss of the blade on our flesh. A swordsman or woman who fears getting cut will not live long.”
Students generally wore heavy padded clothing or used blunted swords when practising. Pagan had believed himself to be a pretty good swordsman, but after watching Xiang Tse and Liang, he knew he was a mere pup.
Xiang Tse was truly a master, and Liang simply dazzling. He had never seen anyone use two swords before, and such was her dexterity, she was equally adept with either arm.
He knew he had a lot to learn, but doubted he would ever be as good as either of them.
His first practice with Xiang Tse had been a painful experience. As they stood ready, Xiang Tse looked at him with cold, hard eyes, told him not to hold back, and to protect himself as best he could. Then he launched a series of fast cuts and thrusts, their swords clanging as Pagan blocked and parried. Blocking a cut at his neck, he tried a riposte, which Xiang Tse deflected. A quick roll of the wrist and his blade licked out, cutting Pagan high on the chest.
He was oblivious of the wound until he felt the pain and blood trickling down his chest. His anger rose and he launched a furious counter attack. Xiang Tse calmly blocked the wild slashes then flicked his blade across the top of Pagan’s right shoulder, drawing more blood. Undeterred, Pagan pressed his attack but as their blades slid together, Xiang Tse flicked his wrist and sent his student’s blade flying out of his hand.
He walked over to a shelf and tossed Pagan a jar of honey. “Slap some of that on your wounds. It will keep them from going bad, and help swift healing.”
Pagan did as bidden, and sat on the floor facing his master. Xiang Tse fixed him with a stern gaze.
“Your temper will be the death of you if you don’t learn to curb it. There is no room for anger in combat. It makes you lose shenxin – relaxed focus, awareness, balance and control – and open to attacks. Clever opponents will goad you, seeking to make you angry. You must keep your emotions in check.”
Xiang Tse often had him practice with Liang while he looked on. He had great difficulty coping with her speed and twin swords, but fortunately she had extraordinary control and judgement of distance. Time and again, her blades came within a hair’s breadth of his skin, but never drew blood.
She disarmed him a few times. Anger and embarrassment had surged in him the first couple of times, but he managed to maintain shenxin.
It took him three years to come anywhere near her skill.
But a distance remained between them. She was always courteous and polite, but rebuffed his best efforts at fostering anything more than a working relationship.
All that changed one day.
In his spare time, he occasionally exercised in Xiang Tse’s private gardens. Exercising in the open-air gave him a feeling of tranquillity and made him think of his homeland.
One late afternoon, as he entered the garden, he saw Liang sitting at the far end with her back to him. He felt a flash of irritation for he had been looking forward to the solitude of the tranquil setting.
As he neared, he saw she was sitting before a wooden frame on which rested a large square of parchment. At her side was a shallow tray with several small depressions containing various coloured paints, and a jar holding several small brushes.
He watched as she dipped the brushes in the paint and applied them to the parchment in short even strokes and dabs.
The image she was giving life to, was breath-taking, the colours vivid. Snow-capped mountains reaching up to a deep blue sky with a few wispy clouds. Below the mountains, lay deep green woods and a rushing river flinging spray in the air as it flowed over partially submerged rocks. In the water were several shaggy brown bears catching fish and feeding, as white birds wheeled and dipped in the air.
He stood there quietly, admiring her skill before she became aware of his presence. When she turned around, her gaze was cold and unwelcoming.
The intensity of her glare almost scorched him. He took an involuntary step backward, then bowed. “My apologies for disturbing you, Liang,” he said, his voice soft. “…that is… beautiful.”
She remained silent, staring at him, then her gaze softened. “Do you really think so?
“Yes,” Pagan replied. He breathed deeply as he searched for the right words. “I think it’s… extraordinary.”
She looked up at him as if seeing him for the first time, and smiled as she held his gaze.
“Thank you. You are the first person to see any of my paintings. I didn’t think they were very good. Painting helps me relax. It helps balance my spirit.”
He was dumbstruck. Scorched by the ice-cold of her earlier look, her smile had seared him with a heat that seemed to suffuse his entire body.
His tongue clove to his palate. Unable to find words, he bowed again, and walked to the other end of the garden, uncomfortably aware her eyes were following him. 
Standing with his feet roughly shoulder-width apart, knees slightly bent, and his arms hanging loosely by his side, he performed deep breathing exercises. His stomach distended and hollowed with each breath as he sought to centre himself.
Then he performed the White Crane exercise. A series of dance-like movements designed to improve balance and muscular control.
As he flowed seamlessly into the Slumbering Dragon, Liang joined him, and in almost perfect synchrony, they went through the slow rhythmic movements of deceptive power.
Next came the fast, explosive movements of the Tiger, comprising high kicks and hooking strikes with clawed fingers.
Finishing the pre-determined moves of the Tiger, they started shadow-fighting. Kicks and strikes came a hand’s-breadth from impacting upon flesh, but such was their skill, both were spared the pain of actual contact. The object of the exercise was control and anticipation.
On and on they went, their movements becoming a blur.
Caught in the exhilaration of the moment, Pagan lost focus. Liang’s foot caught him high on the head. The world spun, and he hit the ground hard.
Mortified, Liang knelt beside him. “I am sorry Pagan,” she said, concern in her voice. “I didn’t mean to hit you.”
Pagan lay unmoving, then peered out of one eye to behold Liang’s exquisite face close to his, concern radiating from her eyes.
The look of concern flashed to one of anger. “You…you…heathen,” she protested, as she rose to her feet. “I thought I’d hurt you!” 
“You did hurt me,” Pagan responded, sitting up with a groan. “My head is cracked open!”
Liang turned as if to walk away, then paused, glanced back at the groaning Pagan and started laughing.
Her laughter was infectious.
As their laughter rang out, Xiang Tse, watching from a window high above the gardens, shook his head in amusement, smiled and turned away.
Something had changed between Liang and Pagan. As their relationship blossomed, they became inseparable. They were not lovers, though Pagan longed to take her in his arms, but a deep bond grew between them.
The years passed. Pagan’s skills grew, he became a match for Liang, Xiang Tse predicting he would eventually surpass her. Pagan doubted it, but was nonetheless pleased with the praise.
Pagan was content. It appeared he had found his place in life, inexplicably thousands of miles away from the land of his birth.  He dreamed of a life with Liang, helping Xiang Tse run the Jade Castle.
Xiang Tse subscribed to the theories of the long-dead great Chenghuan sage, Lao Tzu, who believed that mere chance didn’t exist. Lao Tzu postulated that whatever situation one was in – good or bad, or whomever one encountered, was a consequence of one’s actions or inaction, words or thoughts. These could have taken place in a previous lifetime or a present one.
Pagan spent many a day poring over his writings. Initially, he had difficulty with the concept of reincarnation – that one lived more than one lifetime – but as he continued his studies, and reflected on the experiences of his admittedly short life to date, he began to find some logic in the idea.
He often pondered what events in previous lifetimes could have led to the extraordinary happenings that had brought him to this point.
But once again he was reminded that life rarely unfolded as one would hope.
 
Zhaojin
 
 
The origins of the Zhaojin was shrouded in mystery and myth.
Some said they were once warrior-monks who succumbed to earthly pleasures and joys of the flesh. Over time, their jaded tastes led to assassinations and acts of murder to help fill their coffers. 
Others said they were warriors from the underworld trapped on the earthly plane. Loath to, and unsuited to other work, they sold their unearthly skills to the highest bidder. 
Their price was high. Ten thousand golden taels and a five-year-old boy-child from a high-born family for each assignment. None knew the fate of the unfortunate children, some speculated they were sacrificed to a dark god, while others believed they were trained as future Zhaojin. 
As was the norm with such matters, tales of their prowess were greatly exaggerated. Some said the Zhaojin had powers of invisibility that enabled them to strike with devastating swiftness. They could infiltrate the most impregnable fortress, fulfil their deadly assignment, and disappear without trace. 
Only three things were certain: They had never failed to fulfil an assignment, they uttered no screams of pain in combat, and none had ever been captured alive. They carried a deadly poison secreted in a hollow tooth. If capture was imminent, a flip of the tongue and bite down, brought instant death.
Chan Pao-Lin licked his lips nervously as he looked at the man sitting in front of him.
The room was dimly lit, the wavering candles casting shadows that didn't help his already edgy disposition.
The man who induced such dread in the Emperor's advisor had dark almond-shaped eyes, the lower half of his face covered by a black silk scarf.
“The Emperor must die,” Chan Pao-Lin said. “His tolerance of the gwai-loh has brought disgrace upon the Emerald throne. This has gone on for too long, and allowing a black-skinned devil to live amongst us is the final indignity. Our ancestors are weeping tears of shame in the heavens.”
The emissary of the Zhaojin stared at Chan Pao-Lin with unblinking eyes. “We care not for your sensibilities, but the price for such an... eminent... target, is high. One-hundred thousand gold taels and three high-born boy-children.”
The assassin's voice was odd – high pitched with a lisp. Such would normally cause mockery and amusement, but its sibilant quality deepened Chan Pao-Lin's fear, reminding him of a coiled serpent ready to strike.
He gasped at the enormity of the cost, but those black almond eyes brooked no room for negotiation. “It will be as you say,” he acquiesced. “My son, who was so disgraced by the black devil, bringing great shame to my family, will open the doors to the traitor Xiang Tse's dwelling, and ensure all is quiet at the anointed time.”
The emissary fixed the courtier with a bleak look. “Do what you must, but we need no help to do what we have to do.”
 
*******
 
Ten years at the Jade Castle, Pagan was no longer a boy but a man.
One early summer's day, Xiang Tse told him and Liang the Emperor had bestowed the Jade Castle with a great honour. He and his retinue would be staying a night at the castle on the way to the Imperial Family’s summer estates in the south.
The top two floors of the castle were given over to the Emperor and his party. Imperial guardsmen lined the corridor and stood at the bottom of the stairs. Fierce-eyed tall men in emerald helms and breastplates, each armed with a guan dao – a pole mounted wide blade – and two swords. They stared suspiciously at Pagan as he returned to his room next to the stairs.
Sometime in the night, Pagan was woken by a sound in the corridor. Climbing out of his bed, he padded to the door and edged it open.
Peering around the corner, he was alarmed to see the guardsmen down on the floor, clearly dead with blood pooling under their bodies. He sidled along the wall toward the stairs and glimpsed several black-garbed figures making their way up.
He raised his voice in alarm. “Assassins! Assassins!” and ran back to his room for his sword.
As he emerged, Xiang Tse and Liang, naked blades in their hands, appeared in the corridor.
“Assassins,” Pagan gasped, his heart racing. “I don’t know how many. Masked and wearing black. They’ve gone upstairs!”
“Zhaojin!” Xiang Tse hissed, as they pounded up the stairs. “They mustn’t reach the Emperor.” The clash of weapons and men shouting, rang down from the top floor.
As Pagan topped the stairs behind Xiang Tse, a squat powerfully built figure lunged at him. Parrying the thrust, Pagan’s riposte cut open the assassin’s throat, blood geysering onto the nearby wall. Hurdling the prone body, he ducked under a wild slash and plunged his sword into his attacker’s groin. Withdrawing his blade, he swung it in a tight arc, slicing clean through a black-clad ankle. As the killer fell, Liang plunged one of her swords into his belly.
As Pagan fought, a sense of calm fell over him. There was no anxiety, fear or anger. His concentration deepened – it was as if all around him moved in a slow dream-state. He could see, hear, smell and feel everything.
Xiang Tse was fighting with a calm serenity and no wasted motion. A flick there, a thrust there, a cut there, and black-clad killers fell. 
Liang, twin swords weaving a silvered pattern of death, was all graceful motion, a terrible dance macabre, as assassins fell before her. A sword hacked at her neck from behind. Spinning on her heel, she blocked the cut with her left-hand sword and disembowelled her attacker with her right-hand sword. 
It absently occurred to Pagan that no agony-screams came from the Zhaojin as they were cut down. 
The large windows lining the corridor exploded inward in a shower of glass, and wood, disgorging more masked assassins. Pagan, Xiang Tse and Liang moved to meet them.
A tall thin figure wielding a pair of kai – short-hafted sickle-like weapons – leapt at Pagan. One kai slashed at his face while the other arced upward toward his groin. The killer was fast and skilled, and a lesser man would have fallen before him. Pagan simply sidestepped and reverse-cut his sword through his neck. 
As the thin assassin’s head bounced on the richly embroidered floor-covering, a blade lanced towards Pagan’s back. Swiftly reversing his sword, he plunged it into the belly of the would-be backstabber.
More Imperial guardsmen thundered up the stairs and joined the fray. Outnumbered, the remaining assassins were soon slain.
Pagan looked around. Liang and Xiang Tse were unhurt. Black-clad, and emerald-clad bodies littered the blood-soaked floor. Xiang Tse followed Pagan’s gaze. His beautifully- appointed living quarters, now a charnel house reeking of death. “How am I supposed to clean this mess up?” he muttered.
The captain of the guards, a slightly built man with piercing dark eyes, blood dripping down the side of his face from a shallow cut, approached Xiang Tse. “We thank you for your help, esteemed one,” he said, bowing. 
Xiang Tse inclined his head in acknowledgement. “It was my student, Pagan, who alerted us.”
The man's eyes widened as he turned to Pagan and bowed. “We are most grateful. Please don't take this as an insult, but you are highly skilled for a gwai-loh.” He held Pagan’s gaze, his dark eyes twinkling. “But then, perhaps I shouldn't be surprised, for I saw you fight Chan Ki-Hon. I heard you broke his ribs.”
Pagan returned the bow, noting the tightening of the man's eyes as he mentioned Chan Ki-Hon. “No insult taken, Captain. It was my pleasure to have been of assistance.”
The captain took out a red silk cloth hanging at his belt and dabbed at the wound on his face. “My name is Lohai Chai,” he said, a slight smile playing on his lips. “Now I must report to the Emperor.”
 He returned a short while later and approached Xiang Tse, Pagan and Liang. “The Emperor would like to thank all three of you,” he said. Looking at Xiang Tse, he continued. “He would much prefer to thank his great friend and his brave students personally, but it has been a long day, and the events of this night have been most distressing.”
Xiang Tse nodded. “I understand. The important thing is that the assassins failed, and the Emperor is safe.” He looked around, his face grim. “Now I think you and I have some work to do. We have to see to your wounded guardsmen, move the bodies of those who bravely gave their lives for the Emperor, and burn the bodies of the masked vermin.”
 
*******
 
A few weeks later, Xiang Tse told Pagan the kingdom was on the brink of great unrest. None knew who had commissioned the Zhaojin. It was known that Chan Pao-Lin, the scion of an old distinguished family, and a cousin of the Emperor, together with several counsellors and influential families, had strong misgivings with some of the Emperor’s decisions. Furthermore, he believed the throne rightfully belonged to him. But few thought he would go far as plotting the Emperor’s assassination. Chan Pao-Lin naturally denied any involvement. 
Xiang Tse believed it best for Pagan to leave Chenghuan in the eventuality the unrest erupted into civil war. Xiang Tse was loyal to the Emperor, and the Jade Castle was no longer a safe haven. He didn’t want Pagan endangered in affairs that didn’t concern him.
Pagan had also been instrumental in foiling the Zhaojin. It was the first time in living memory they had failed to fulfil an assignment. That was of huge disgrace to their Order. Their reach was long and their power great. And they would seek his death.
Xiang Tse arranged a berth for Pagan on one of his ships sailing to the distant city of Petralis on the western continent, and gave him letters to deliver to a man called Casca – an old friend who owed him a favour.
Pagan protested. He considered the Jade Castle his home and didn’t want to desert Xiang Tse and Liang. But Xiang Tse wasn’t to be swayed. To make things worse, Liang was in the south, caring for her ill grandmother and Pagan wouldn’t have a chance to say his farewells.
With heavy heart, he stood on the ship’s deck and bowed deeply to his teacher as the bireme slipped its moorings. 
Standing on the quayside, Xiang Tse returned the bow of the boy from the far corner of the world who had grown into a man under his tutelage.
 
Counsel
 
 
Casca stood at his station, and for the umpteenth time idly ran a rag along the top of the bar. It was a quiet night at the Philosopher’s Folly. The loggers who worked the high country and loaders at the docks were not due to be paid till the morrow. Come the evening, the Folly would be packed with the fools seemingly determined to drink away all their earnings in one night. But then he mused, it is downright ungrateful to refer one’s patrons as fools. After all, where would he be without them?
Glancing to his left, he saw Pagan engaged in earnest conversation with Tovral the baker. Casca shook his head in wonder. The little fat man spoke about little except his bakery and newly discovered recipes, but then, Pagan had a way with people. The man was a contradiction. Atimes taciturn, yet when the mood took him, able to engage in a wide variety of topics. But surely, a deep conversation on the intricacies of baking was beyond even him.
But it was no surprise to see Aeneas sitting with them, a plate of honey-sweetened oatcakes in front of him. Jaws working overtime, a look of bliss on his face, and crumbs on his tunic-front. His son sure loved his sweetmeats.
Over to the right in a shadowed part of the room, the burly figure of Masrel the blacksmith, was locked in an intimate embrace with a woman Casca knew wasn’t his wife. Looking over his paramour’s shoulder, the blacksmith caught Casca's eye and winked. Casca turned away. Masrel’s wife wasn’t a woman to be trifled with. If she ever found out about her husband’s infidelity, she would likely take a blunt knife to his privates.
Pouring himself a jug of ale, Casca took a sip, his mind wandering back to what he had read earlier. According to the Chenghuan manuscript, the energies keeping the Gualich beyond the portal would fade one day, leaving the demons free to enter the world once again. There had been no mention when this would happen, but Casca’s fear that the collapse of the portal was imminent had been reinforced by his dream a couple of nights past.
Elander Zucros had written how an alliance of mages and heroes had defeated and banished the Gualich. And the Chenghuan manuscript said when the shape shifters returned, the task of opposing them would fall on the descendants of the original heroes, helped by a wanderer.
Casca was a frightened man. He was descended from one of the mages, but was certainly no magicker, and had no idea who the other descendants were. Beleth’s balls, a thousand years had passed! The unwelcome responsibility weighed heavily on him and he had no idea what to do. 
Perhaps the whole thing was a myth. The Gualich had never existed, there was no portal, and the so-called heroes had simply defeated a band of particularly blood thirsty outlaws. He muttered a string of expletives under his breath, then laughed out aloud at the absurdity of it all, causing Pagan and Aeneas to glance askance at him.
As he caught his son’s eye, the thought came: better he handled this unearthly menace than the possibility of the portal failing in Aeneas’s time.
 
*******
 
The shaggy mountain lion lifted its greying muzzle and sniffed the air. It was a mighty beast, the old scars on its flanks and shoulders testament to the many battles it had fought to hold on to its position as the dominant male in the Pride.
However, like all living creatures, it was subject to the whims of time. Its once formidable fighting and hunting skills sullied by the inevitable, its position as leader had been usurped by a younger, stronger male.
He had put up a fearsome struggle, his know-how and experience threatening to overwhelm the younger challenger, but youth and strength had prevailed in the end. Driven out of the Pride, he had been forced to seek other hunting grounds.
His nostrils quivered, he couldn’t scent the feared man-creature, but sensed something amiss.
The air crackled, an unusual smell assailed his nostrils, and a strange light appeared between the two pillars standing on a wide plinth a short distance beyond the jumbled rocks before him.
A strange unease hit him. Climbing to his feet, he leapt off the flat slab on which he was lying and loped away. Stopping briefly to glance over his shoulder, he let out a defiant growl and disappeared from view. The game here was pretty sparse anyway. He would seek a better hunting ground.
The light faded and an impossibly tall, thin translucent figure, verging between solidity and transparency appeared between the pillars as if stepping from thin air.
Herald breathed deeply though his semi-corporeal body had no need of air. He hadn’t breathed air for almost a thousand years, but he remembered how sweet it tasted. Other memories, of a red-haired child laughing in a field of yellow blooms, and a tall willowy red-haired woman looking on lovingly, seeped into his mind, but were savagely dismissed.
Soon… he would feed. The thought of the life essence of the frail humans suffusing him made him shiver with anticipated pleasure. He had seen the lion fade into the distance, but had always found the life essence of beasts rather unpalatable. Human essence – now that was sweet.
Once he fed and his body became corporeal, he would be strong enough to summon his brothers and their Bahktak. Then they would range across the land and feed, sharing the precious life essence with the Masters to whom they were symbiotically linked. 
Strengthened by the sustenance, the Masters would rip down the portal, return to the world of flesh, rebuild their great city of Tor-Arnath and reclaim what was once theirs.
 
*******
 
Masrel, arm-in-arm with his paramour staggered out of the Folly, closely followed by Tovral hurrying to prepare his ovens for the next day’s baking.
Casca walked over to Pagan and Aeneas, pulled a chair and sat down. Both could tell something was bothering him. “Is all well, father?” Aeneas asked, brushing crumbs from his tunic front.
Casca nodded in response. “Just have some matters on my mind.” He grinned. “You sure wolfed down those oatcakes, didn’t you? But I think it’s sleep time for you now. I’ve got to talk to Pagan about a few things.”
Like all youngsters since the dawn of time, Aeneas protested, but he did as told, said his goodnights, and disappeared behind the bar, and up to the living quarters.
Pagan looked closely at Casca. “What ails you my friend?”
“I think we are about to face a nightmare that will change everything for ever,” Casca told him. Glancing over his shoulder, he got to his feet, paid the two serving girls, Loretta and Parsis their nightly due, and bade them goodnight. He saw them out, then shut and barred the windows and door. Stepping to the bar, he poured two jugs of ale before returning to the table. Placing the jugs on the table, he dug into his pocket for his pipe and sat down.
All the while, Pagan had sat quietly watching his friend. He didn’t push Casca for an explanation, patiently waiting for him to elaborate.
Casca took a deep draught from his jug, then proceeded to fill his pipe. “Beleth’s balls,” he grunted, “I need this.”
Tapping down the hagash buds in the pipe, he lit them with a taper, and took a deep drag, before passing it to Pagan. He leant back in his chair, shut his eyes, and blew out a big gout of aromatic smoke. It made him feel a bit better, but not much. Straightening up, he met Pagan’s questioning gaze.
“A great evil is returning to the world. Something indescribably horrific that will be the end of us all and everything we know, and it is up to me to find a way to defeat it.”
Pagan looked closely at his friend before replying, keeping his tone neutral. “Evil is everywhere in the world, Casca, and it is the task of us all to fight it where we find it.”
“That may be true,” Casca said. “But this is different. Left unchecked… in time… it will destroy everything, leaving Petralis and lands hundreds, maybe thousands of miles distant, barren and devoid of life.”
Pagan frowned. “What is this great evil you speak of?”
Casca took another drag on the pipe before replying. “Those ruins you love exploring? That’s where it is coming from.” He then went on to tell Pagan about the stories his father used to tell him, and Elander Zucross’s history of Petralis and the Gualich. He told him about the nightmares he’d been having, and how his ancestor from ages past, the mage Castillan, and three other heroes defeated the Gualich, driving them from the world.
“And guess what?” continued Casca shaking his head in despair, “Zou Yan-Tse, the Chenghuan sage wrote that the energies holding the Gualich behind the portal would fail one day, and the task of facing these demons who feed on the essence of life itself, would fall on the surviving descendants of those four heroes and, you are not going to believe this… a wanderer!”
Pagan took a swig from his jug, then a deep drag on the pipe before exhaling noisily. “Sweet heavens,” he whispered. “Last time I went there, the horse and Ripper flat refused to go anywhere near the ruins. Something scared them witless. Do you know who the surviving descendants are?”
Casca cursed loudly. “Apart from me, of course, no, I…don’t!” And I am no magicker or mage. What am I supposed to do, make these shape-shifting demons disappear by blowing wind from my backside? Give me that pigging pipe.”
“Easy,” Pagan cautioned “We’ve got to keep clear heads to think this through.”
Casca glared at Pagan and snatched the pipe out of his hand. “Don’t you go preaching to me. My pigging head is clear enough.”
Pagan raised an eyebrow at the harsh words.
“I am sorry my friend,” Casca said. “But I have to tell you I am scared out of my wits.”
Pagan shrugged. “It’s of no matter Casca. This seems the stuff of nightmare, and a wise man should be scared when faced with such. But despair avails us nothing and… help often comes from the most unexpected of sources.”
Casca looked unconvinced. “Well, the help had better come quick,” he grunted.
“One question.” Pagan said. “Have you considered the wanderer Zou Yan-Tse mentioned might be me?
Casca looked at Pagan, a flicker of hope in his eyes. “You know, I never considered that. A wanderer…that does describe you perfectly.” 
“I say we take a trip to those ruins,” Pagan said “They may provide some answers. We also have to consider how to find the other descendants. But first I need to read Zou Yan-Tse’s words.”
Casca arched an eyebrow. “I wish you luck, my friend. Reading Cheng always gives me a headache…and writing it…” He shook his head in despair.
Pagan grunted in agreement. “That is true enough,” he said, rubbing his knuckles ruefully at the memory of the tender inducements of his first tutor, Ho Jun-Rhee. “Now, pass me that damn pipe.” 
 
*******
 
Casca didn’t sleep well that night. When he finally drifted off, he found himself in a brightly lit cavernous hall. The walls were lined with shelves, containing rows and stacks of books, scrolls and bound parchments. Walking down the hall, he gazed at the shelves and their contents in wonder. Craning his neck, it was impossible to tell how high the shelves reached.
Moving closer, he recognized some of the works, but most were unknown to him. He longed to sit on one of the ornately-carved chairs spread about the room and lose himself in the fascinating looking tomes. He gasped in frustration when he found he couldn’t grasp any of them – his hand simply passing through them, though they looked solid enough.
Shaking his head, he walked on for what seemed like an eternity. What is this place? He wondered. As the thought flitted through his mind, he saw a figure sitting before a desk in the distance.
Casca glanced around, and seeing no one else in the hall, started walking toward the figure. As he did so, the distance between them appeared to shorten rapidly.
Approaching the desk, he studied the figure. His long white hair hung past his shoulders, with a thick white beard brushing his chest. His eyes were a piercing blue that seemed to look right through him. Casca’s brow furrowed, for he looked familiar. 
“Who are you? Where am I?” he asked, trying to meet that piercing gaze.
The stranger didn’t answer at first, as he continued studying Casca. He radiated immense power and authority. He had a square-jawed faintly ascetic face, and his piercing cerulean eyes shone with a fierce intelligence. They spoke of one who had done and seen things beyond the scope of ordinary mortals. Casca felt the light in those eyes could level mountains.
Finally, the man spoke in a deep sonorous voice that echoed through the hall.
“I shall start with your first question, kinsman. I am Castillan.”
Casca’s eyes widened at the man’s revelation. “You are my ancestor, the magicker who vanquished the… Gualich,” he ventured.
“Don’t act so surprised, kinsman,” the older man responded, a smile flickering on his lips. “I think you suspected who I was. But I hate the term magicker. A magicker does cheap tricks for baubles and the amusement of crowds at fairs and such. And the terms sorcerer or necromancer suggest something dark and unwholesome. I prefer to be called a mage. Now, that has a certain… nobility about it.” The smile flickered again, but his eyes remained humourless.
“As to where you are,” Castillan continued, “that is of no matter. I conjured this place as I thought you might feel more at ease in these surroundings. I summoned your spirit here as you slept.”
Casca blanched. “You mean this is no dream?”
“It certainly isn’t,” Castillan said. “You are here as surely as when you are in that delightful tavern of yours with your friend Pagan.”
Casca’s eyes widened in surprise. “You know about that?”
“Of course, I do,” Castillan snapped, an edge of irritation in his voice. “What kind of …magicker would I be if I didn’t? You are my descendant. We share a strong connection.”
“So why did you…summon my…spirit here?”
Flames seemed to flicker in Castillan’s eyes, making Casca take an involuntary step back as he felt the power of that intimidating deep-blue gaze. “That question is unworthy of you Casca. Do you think I asked you here for a cosy fireside discourse on the merits of some of these chroniclers?” He waved a hand at the rows of shelves. “You know damn well why you are here. The Gualich are returning.”
Noting the alarm in Casca’s eyes, Castillan paused and motioned him to sit. “Forgive me kinsman,” he said in a more measured tone. “I have always been somewhat irritable and was never known for my patience.” He smiled wryly. “It appears the passing of the ages haven’t changed me.”
A chair materialized opposite Castillan, and Casca sat.
The irritable mage continued. “As it is, you haven’t the means to defeat these abominations. Mine was a time of heroes. Three stood with me. Belash the Axeman, Kyung-Su of the Stormblades, and a formidable though extremely irritating woman who didn’t know her place. Mighty as we were, we still needed the aid of the Elementals. But these great beings are gone from your world. You and the surviving descendants will not prevail without my help.”
“But how can you help?” Casca asked. “You are dead. You died almost a thousand years ago!” He shook his head in disbelief at the sheer absurdity of it all. Here he was, holding a conversation with a dead man who had lived in an age clouded in myth and legend. “And how do I find these surviving descendants? They could be anywhere in the world.” 
He shook his head again in despair. “And if I do find them, how do I convince them they are destined to help rid the world of shape-shifting demons? Even I find the whole thing hard to believe. My father used to tell me stories about the Gualich, but I thought they were merely wicked jests.”
“Your father, Carallion was a good man, though he drank a bit too much. But hardly surprising, carrying the burden of the portal possibly failing in his time.” Castillan said. 
Casca nodded, a smile creasing his face at the memory of his father. “Yes, he loved imbibing, and the pipe, but he was a strong man who didn’t let his vices control him. But tell me, how do I find the descendants and what kind of help can you give?”
Castillan locked gazes with Casca, a low rumble of appreciation in his throat. “I do like you, boy. You have no magicks, nor are you a warrior, but you have focus and are not easily distracted. It’s good to know my line remains strong. Your boy, Aeneas, is also made of strong stuff. You named him well, though you departed from the usual tradition of male names in our line.”
“What do you mean?” Casca asked.
“Well, my grandfather was called Calinos, my father Cestophan, named me Castillan, and I named my son Celeos. Your father was called Carallion, and you, Casca. I am sure you see the pattern.”
Casca pursed his lips and nodded slowly. “What do you mean I named Aeneas well?” 
“Aeneas was the name of a hero from a land called Troy.” 
Casca’s brow wrinkled in confusion. “Troy? Never heard of it. Must be far away.”
“Aye, kinsman. It is far away. Far, far away than you could imagine. Troy is a land in another world.”
Casca frowned again, doubt etched on his face.
Castillan smiled, shaking his head in amusement. “Come...come… Casca, you know the Gualich are from another world, so you shouldn’t be surprised there are also other worlds of men out there. These worlds can sometimes be reached by those who have the ability and means, through gateways located in areas of great power where what some call ley lines converge. One such gateway or portal lies in Tor-Arnath, which means torn in half in the old language.”
Despite his misgivings, Casca listened intently, for he had always been fascinated by esoteric matters.
“Yes, it is fascinating is it not, kinsman?” Castillan said, noting his descendant’s rapt interest. “Sometimes, those with power or latent abilities, are able to sense or feel the echoes of great events in these other worlds of men. This gift runs in our line. Your father named you Casca, after a brave man who helped slay a great leader in another far-off land called Rome. He did this to save the land from the unjust rule of a tyrant.”
Casca shook his head, forcibly dismissing matters of mysterious lands called Troy and Rome from his mind. “This is indeed fascinating as you say, but you brought me here to talk about the Gualich.” 
“You are right, Casca,” Castillan said, getting to his feet. Casca was surprised to see how tall and imposing his forebear was. “Walk with me kinsman.” 
Casca rose, his head barely reaching his ancestor’s shoulders. Castillan looked down at him and grinned as both men walked down the row of bookshelves.
“Your friend Pagan told you help usually comes from unexpected sources,” Castillan said. “He is right. He has rare knowledge and depth for a barbarian. The Gualich haven’t fed for aeons and have been surviving in a semi-transient state. Their hunger is colossal, and should they return, present a threat not just to Petralis, but to lands many hundreds of miles distant, and perhaps the world itself.” 
Castillan paused to gather his thoughts, then continued. “For some time now, those gifted with the sight have been directing the descendants of Belash and Kyung-Su onto a path that would eventually lead to Petralis. Some acted on feeling a vague unease about a looming evil, while others had a clearer understanding of its nature. So, have no fear kinsman, your fellow descendants will make themselves known very soon. The wanderer, Pagan, has been residing with you for some years now. His path to Petralis was long and arduous, and it’s likely he will play a pivotal role in what is to come.”
Casca remained silent, taking in his ancestor’s words as both men walked slowly down the line of high shelves. Glancing up, he saw a title he recognized; a rare treatise on the six hells ruled by the Nordir dark god, Sutr.
“Pay heed to my words, kinsman,” Castillan warned. “As the force holding the Gualich behind the portal begins to fail, the first through will be Herald. He will feed, take on solid form, and send some of the stolen life-force back through the portal to his brother Suanggi. These soul-drinkers… the harvesters, are evil creatures; men that succumbed to the Gualich’s promises of power and eternal life. The Suanggi and their masters are linked. When one feeds, they all partake of the questionable repast. Once all the Suanggi come through the portal with their Bahktak…these are gigantic hounds also linked to the Gualich, chaos and blood will envelop the countryside. Stolen life essence sent back through the portal will increase many-fold. Beleth, the eldest and most powerful of the Gualich will cross the portal and return to Tor-Arnath.”
Castillan stopped and fixed Casca with a stern gaze. “You must destroy as many of the Suanggi and Bahktak as you can. Prevent them from feeding and get the people away to safety. Once Beleth arrives, your task will be much harder. If he feeds enough, and succeeds in summoning his six brothers, then all is lost. The power of all seven together, is beyond imagining. In my time, strong though we were, with powerful allies, we couldn’t destroy them. The best we could do was banish them to their desolate home-world. You must prevent all seven from returning and rebuilding their towers in Tor-Arnath. Petralis is doomed if they do, and the whole world should beware.”
Casca looked up at Castillan. “That is comforting news…and what help should we expect from you, ancient grandfather?”
Castillan laughed – a sound of deep merriment echoing through the vast chamber. “I do like you Casca, you are indeed worthy of being my kin. Ancient grandfather! Now, that title does find favour with me!” He took a deep breath. “Be warned, the Gualich and their servants cannot be harmed by ordinary blades or weapons You will need the Stormblades and Ausak Demon Bane.”
“Where do I find the Stormblades, and... this… Ausak Demon Bane?” Casca asked. His brow wrinkled in thought. “Ausak...I have come across that name before...”
“Ausak Demon Bane was Belash's axe,” Castillan said. “The Stormblades and the axe are birthrights passed down the line by Kyung-Su and Belash to their descendants. As I said earlier kinsman, they will make themselves known to you. The life-force of the Gualich is powerful, making them virtually impossible to kill. But you may be able to inflict enough damage on Beleth, weakening him, and forcing him to seek surcease by fleeing back through the gateway. Once he does, call on me and working through you, I will reseal the portal.”
“Wouldn't it be better if you closed the portal for good, or better still, destroy it?” Casca protested. “Sealing it as before, simply means the Gualich will threaten the world again sometime in the future when the energies sealing it begin to fail.”
“There is no way to close or destroy the portal,” Castillan said.
Casca’s eyes narrowed. He wasn’t convinced. Surely there had to be a way, but he had to concede he was no expert in the subject of gateways between worlds. He dismissed the matter from his mind.
“This is the burden the line of Castillan is destined to bear,” his ancestor said. “It is what sets us apart from ordinary men scurrying about trying to eke out an existence. We are guardians, protectors, men of strength and knowledge. We alone stand between the world and the evil of the Gualich!”
Casca, surprised at the fervour of Castillan’s words paused, then spoke. “How do I call upon you?”.
“Simply picture my face as you see me here, call my name twice, and I will harness my powers through you.”
Casca wasn’t enamoured at the prospect. “You mean you will possess me?”
“No” Castillan said. Two souls cannot reside in a single body at the same time. That way lies madness. You will simply act as a conduit for my powers. Our affinity as kin, together with your innate strength and high intelligence make this possible.”
Casca nodded, though still uncertain. “I suppose I have no choice.” 
“You always have a choice, but this remains your only chance of success. But remember, you must do this before Beleth is strong enough to summon his brothers.”
Casca was silent, his mind in some turmoil. The thought of this powerful sorcerer, although he was his ancestor, using him as a conduit wasn’t a comforting one. 
Castillan studied his descendant. “I know what you are thinking Casca. The magnitude of what you are about to face is frightening, but have faith and be strong my boy, for the blood of Castillan, the most powerful mage of his time runs in your veins. We will succeed. Now it is time for you to return to your world.”
“Wait,” Casca said, raising a hand to interrupt his long dead forebear. Something he had said earlier was still bothering him. “If there are other worlds of men that can be reached through these… gateways, why haven’t the Gualich found them? Why wait a thousand years to return to our world?”
“Who knows what goes on in the mind of abominations like the Gualich?” Castillan said. “Mayhap they simply couldn’t find these portals, or perhaps they are warded against their like and other unwanted visitors.”
“A wise precaution,” Casca said. “But that begs the question why whoever built the gateway at Tor-Arnath didn’t ward it.”
“I don’t know,” Castillan responded. “But it matters not. You…we, have to deal with the situation as we find it. Now you really must return.” He traced a pattern in the air and whispered an incantation. 
Casca opened his eyes. He was lying on his bed in his room at the Folly. Groaning, he swung his legs to the floor and walked to the window. It was still night time, and dawn was some time away.
 
*******
  
Toran opened his sleep-misted eyes and swung his legs off his uncomfortable pallet onto the bare floor of the shepherd’s hut. Muttering a string of heartfelt obscenities, he scratched at his belly.
The source of his unhappiness was many-fold.
He hated this lonely duty of being stuck in the middle of nowhere in this miserable flea-infested hut. But it was his turn to care for the herd of sheep that provided the family’s livelihood. Thankfully, his brother Corann would be taking his place come the morning.
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t rid the hut of the pesky fleas that had left little red bumps on his belly and groin. They itched like the Demonlord’s spittle.
With the not inconsiderable help of the now empty bottle of barley liquor lying on the floor next to his wooden pallet, he had finally drifted off to sleep. He had been having the most delicious dream involving two golden-haired twin sisters indulging his every desire, when the infernal yapping of his dogs jerked him awake at the most inopportune moment.
His head didn’t feel too good as he stumbled over to the door. Pulling his large hunting knife from its scabbard hanging on a hook, he lifted the latch, pushed open the door, and stepped outside.
A gibbous moon hung in the night sky. Stifling a yawn, Toran called to his dogs.
Usually, they would come running, but there was no sight of them. A flea nipped at his chin beneath his thick beard. Cursing, he scratched at the irritation, and wondering where his pigging dogs were, wandered over to the sheep pen.
The sheep were huddled together at the far end of the enclosure. As Toran watched, the timbers gave way under their weight, and as one they stampeded away into the night.
He cursed once again. Standing there helplessly, he fretted over the long night’s work it would take to round them up. But where in the seven hells were those pigging dogs?
A sudden chill hit him. The summer’s night was cool. Maybe an early autumn was in the air. He turned back toward the hut to get his cloak and froze in mid stride, his heart beating a loud drum fit to burst from his chest.
It was no unseasonal-cool night that had made him shiver, but the unearthly chill emanating from the figure floating toward him. Hideously tall and cadaver-thin, he could see right through it in places.
“Beleth’s balls,” he whispered, eyes widening in horror. “From which hell did you wander from?” Toran was not a weak man nor a coward. Burly, with a thick girth, powerful chest, and arms that could lift a barrel of ale over his head, he hefted his hunting knife. “Come, hellspawn,” he snarled. “I’ll slit your gizzard open.”
As the silent figure closed, Toran slashed his knife across its belly. The blade met little resistance, but no wound appeared.
Horrified, and unable to catch his breath as his heart hammered in his chest, Toran took half a step back to retain his balance. Eyes alight with malicious triumph, the figure thrust its head forward. Its mouth yawned open, displaying an absence of teeth. A tongue as long and thick as Toran’s arm whipped out and wrapped itself around his neck.
Oddly, Toran couldn’t feel the weight of the tongue or any constriction as he was hoisted until he was at eye-level with the creature. Its horrific gaze locked onto his eyes, and he sensed and felt the terrible hunger within it. 
Then the pain began. Indescribable and all-consuming, it felt like his insides and very soul were being sucked out of him through that tongue and into those mocking yellow eyes. His thick fingers clutched at the tongue, hoping to yank it from his neck, but found he couldn’t grip it. His legs kicked futilely as he dangled. He wanted to scream his agony, but couldn’t. A searing heat, then numbing cold suffused him, then all feeling ceased.
Herald’s tongue retracted back into his maw, and a bundle of clothes and bones rattled to the ground.
 
Black Threads
 
 
Stygian-dark clouds pregnant with menace seethed and roiled across the sky. Lightning lanced and ripped across the heavens, throwing the merchantman the Mingzhu, and Liang’s slender figure into sharp relief. Huge waves surged and crashed against the ship, threatening to rip asunder the brazen interloper and send her to a watery grave.
The helmsman, knuckles white against the tiller, fought grimly to steer the ship bow-first into the giant waves. Should the waves hit her broadside, she would be rolled and smashed into so much kindling.
The Mingzhu danced and dipped on the huge swells.
Another mammoth wave washed across the length of the merchantman, drenching Liang as she stood, her back to the main mast. Gripping the iron railings that encircled the base, she threw her head back in exultation as the briny water washed across her face plastering her hair against her head.
The ship’s captain, a barrel-chested, bow-legged man named Tao-Lin, had been stricken with horror when Liang took her post as the storm approached. He had been charged with her safety by the lord Xiang Tse, and dreaded the consequences should he report her swept overboard in a storm, upon returning to port.
But Liang was no ordinary woman. Trained by the weapons-master Xiang Tse, few could match her with a blade. She was descended from the legendary Storm Dancer, Kyung-Su. A storm at sea was a new experience, and one she was determined to fully enjoy.
Liang had always loved storms, and as a child, delighted playing in the gardens of the Jade Castle as fearsome storms ripped and roared overhead. Sometimes she would sit cross-legged on the wet grass, eyes following the coruscating path of the lightning across the sky, giggling with delight as thunder cracked, threatening to rip the world asunder. 
Full understanding of her uniqueness only came to her after Xiang Tse shed light on her antecedents that last night at the castle.
As they sat high up in his study on the uppermost floor, Xiang Tse had revealed they were not blood related. He wasn’t her uncle. She had been brought to the castle as a child by a wandering warrior from the neighbouring kingdom of Gaekche. 
Xiang Tse’s mother had cared for her until she was old enough to pass into his care. The warrior left Liang’s birthright with Xiang Tse, telling him he would know the right time to present it to her.
Xiang Tse had slid a tied bundle across the desk. Untying it, Liang saw three scabbarded swords. Grasping one, she gently slid the blade out. It was of a design she hadn’t seen before. A little longer than her arm, the slightly curved single-edged blade had an unusual bluish tint. She was as surprised as Xiang Tse, as she read aloud the runes beautifully etched along the blade. “I am of the thunder of the heavens.” The runes on the identical second sword read: “I am of the lightning of the heavens.” The third, also identical, read: “I bring harmony to the bearers.”
Xiang Tse told her these were the legendary Stormblades forged by the great sword maker, Nahae Isageum, from a rock that fell from the sky. The Storm Dancer, Kyung–Su had wielded the Stormblades when she helped defeat a great evil a thousand years earlier. She had disappeared from recorded history after that. But the swords finding their way down the line through the aeons to Liang, anointed her as the Storm Dancer’s last living descendant.
Her ability to read the inscriptions on the swords provided definitive proof – if any was needed. Xiang Tse had told her of his attempts to decipher the runes over the years. He had consulted ancient texts and the like, but to no avail.
Though taken somewhat aback, Liang wasn’t shocked by the revelations. She had always felt different, such as her uncanny love of storms, and inclination toward twin blades when Xiang Tse took her under his tutelage.
Xiang Tse told her it was time for her to leave the Jade Castle and seek her own path. He suggested she might wish to seek Pagan out in Petralis. She had been disappointed he hadn’t said goodbye to her before he left, and had missed him these past few years. Her heart soared at the prospect of seeing him again, and she had no hesitation taking up Xiang Tse’s advice.
 
*******
 
The Attu had taken shelter from the storm in the inlet bay of an unpopulated small island, but now, the sleek length of the trireme ploughed through the calm seas. Kaonigai stood at the prow, eyes squinting into the distance, eager to catch sight of his prey.
Men called him the Eel behind his back. Those foolish or brave enough to use that epithet within his earshot didn’t live long. Kaonigai didn’t think it fitting the scion of a once great Cheng family be associated with a slippery, slimy, ugly sea-creature. And few chose to dispute the point with the deadliest swordsman on the high seas.
The Vilrahel was notorious for corsairs and cut-throats who preyed on fat merchantmen sailing between the eastern and the western continents. These carried precious cargoes such as silk and spices one way, and metal-and leather-worked goods the other way.
Tired of these costly irritants, the Emerald Kingdom’s navy conducted a campaign to make the sea-lanes safer. It was largely successful, but the most cunning sea-rogue always managed eel-like, to slip through their grasp. Some said corrupt officials in the Emerald court, grown rich from their share of his plunder, informed him when the ships of the kingdom's navy were abroad, so he could lay low at port. 
Seeing a blot in the distance, Kaonigai lifted his spy-glass to an eye. A cunningly fashioned cylindrical device, the glass on one end somehow magnified objects so one could see things at a far distance with greater clarity. It had been given to him by a fat merchant who hoped the unusual gift would cause the corsair to spare him. Kaonigai grinned, remembering the long evening of pleasure the merchant had provided. The man had screamed, blubbered, and pleaded for mercy, as the fires and sharp knives ever so deliciously reduced him to a mewling pitiful shell.
The merchantman loomed large in his spyglass. His contacts had told him the Mingzhu was carrying a shipment of gold, expensive silks, and a young female courtier bound for the western continent. Kaonigai licked his lips. A proud, haughty courtier under his knives would be a rare pleasure indeed.
He snarled an order down the hatch by his feet. The whips of the oar masters cracked across the backs of the slave-rowers and the Attu surged forward.
 
*******
 
The lookout, perched high in his crow’s nest on the Mingzhu, licked fearfully at his lips as the dot of a ship in the distance gradually got bigger. His fears confirmed as he made out its sleek outline, he called down, “Corsairs to the starboard!”
Tao-Lin cursed. Running to the starboard deck, he could see the sleek trireme closing rapidly. There was no hope of the Mingzhu outrunning it. He cursed again as he recognized the Attu. 
They would be facing the feared Eel, and close to a hundred fighting men. He had hoped the fates would shine favourably on this journey, but the presence of a woman on board had made him uneasy. Raising his voice, he ordered his crew to arm themselves. He had scant regard for their ability with arms, but had more hope of the small squad of two dozen warriors Xiang Tse had insisted take the journey for this eventuality.
Hearing the outcry, Liang donned a silver-grey breastplate and swung the twin scabbards of the Stormblades on her back, a smile playing across her lips. She was looking forward to testing the legendary blades of her birthright. Stepping from her cabin, she made her way to the deck with the two dozen warriors in her wake.
On-board the Attu – the sea vermin, fierce cruel faces festooned with nose and ear rings, and some with bare torsos covered with colourful skin paintings, massed on the deck. They brandished weapons, and yelled war cries and fearsome threats as they bore down on the merchantman.
The Eel, large protruding eyes set in a sallow pock-marked face, and thin lips fixed in a mirthless grin, stood alone on the prow, hands on the hilts of his twin-scabbarded short swords.
Grappling hooks bit into the timbers of the Mingzhu and drew the ships closer. The corsairs massed along the rails of the Attu leapt onto the merchantman, and the warriors with Liang in the van, leapt to meet them.
Watching from the Attu, Kaonigai saw a tight wedge of green-armoured warriors rip into his men. Leading them was a slender figure in a sliver breastplate. His eyes widened as he realised it was a woman. 
As he watched, she ducked under a wild slash, her left-hand sword slicing through the reaver’s belly. Almost simultaneously, her right-hand sword swept out in a low horizontal cut, shearing through the ankle of another corsair. A huge figure loomed behind her, axe raised to cleave her skull. Kaonigai recognized Marek, his first mate.
Pity, he thought. She was a good fighter for a woman, and it would have been pleasurable breaking her proud spirit under his knives.
Expecting to see her head disintegrate under the impact of Marek’s axe, Kaonigai blinked in surprise.
Inexplicably, she spun away, allowing the axe to sweep down past her neck and shoulder. Continuing her momentum, her swords swept on into a horizontal cut at Marek’s neck. 
Marek recovered swiftly, his axe flashing up to deflect the swords. The giant bent his knees and hammered his shoulder into the woman’s chest, sending her reeling backward.
As she regained her balance, two corsairs ran at her, swords upraised. Almost contemptuously, her swords swept up and out, shearing through her attackers’ blades, and opening their throats. 
Marek strode forward, his axe weaving a glittering promise of death. Kaonigai noticed most of the other combatants had stopped fighting, forming a rough circle as they watched the duel between the huge axeman and the slender figure with the dancing blades.
“I am not going to kill you quick… whore,” Marek hissed. “Just cut you a little, slow you down…some, then the captain and I will have some fun…see what you look like under that pretty armour.”
Liang didn’t respond. Marek roared, feinted a cut at her thighs, then swept his axe up in a vicious diagonal cut. Liang slid back out of range, then faster than the eye could follow, darted forward, her left-hand sword caressing Marek’s throat. The giant dropped his axe, hands lifting to his throat in a vain attempt to stop the gush of blood. Gurgling, he fell to his knees, and toppled to his side.
Seeing the big man fall, the jade-armoured warriors and crew of the Mingzhu cheered loudly and tore at the corsairs with renewed vigour. 
Kaonigai cursed. Kicking at the rails in frustration, he drew his two short swords and leapt onto the Mingzhu.
A warrior ran at him. Ducking under a spiked mace, he buried his right-hand sword deep into the man’s groin. Kicking the body aside, his left-hand sword sheared through the face of another warrior, sending his jade helm spinning in the air. 
A sword lunged at his throat. A deft parry and a swift riposte tore out the man’s right eye. The blinded man screamed in horror and agony. Kaonigai abbreviated his cries, and pain, as a reverse cut sent his head flying.
Looking up, the Eel saw the woman step in front of him. He hadn’t realised how striking she was, her long dark curly hair held from her face by a thin silver band. And what a face it was, with those storm-grey eyes. He locked gazes with her and a chill ran through him.
“Bitch!” he snarled. Springing forward, he launched an attack of blistering speed. The woman met him, blade-to-blade, parrying and blocking his attacks with little effort, before launching her own attack. Kaonigai was forced backward, parrying and blocking desperately, but he couldn’t keep those terrible blue-hued blades from cutting his flesh. 
Only able to partially deflect a cleverly disguised thrust, the point of her blade lanced into the fleshy part of his shoulder. 
Blood from a cut on the top of his left thigh was running down his leg into his boot. He had desperately flung himself back to avoid the quick spinning cut. Missing his groin, the blade had sliced through his thigh muscles.
Kaonigai was an exceptional swordsman and an exceptionally cruel, sadistic man. He had crossed swords with countless men in one-to-one combat. Most were poor to average swordsmen, slashing and swinging wildly and relying on brute force. These he despatched swiftly, for they offered few thrills. 
Some were skilled swordsmen. Lean and fast, cold hard eyes radiating arrogant confidence as they crossed swords. Within moments, the chilling realisation would dawn that he was the better man and they were going to die with cold steel rammed through their guts. That precise moment, when the fear hit, their eyes changed, reflecting nervousness, uncertainty, fear, resignation... It was almost sexually gratifying.
Sometimes, he would prolong matters. Ease off... pretend to stumble... Renewed hope would flare in their eyes, then he would cruelly extinguish it, grinning and eyes mocking. The fear would return to their eyes, occasionally vying with anger, before his sword drank their life-blood.
The deep cut on his thigh was making his movements clumsy, and the wound on his shoulder had made his left arm useless. He felt fear, and it wasn’t gratifying. He looked into the woman’s icy grey eyes and saw his death. “Who are… you?” he gasped. 
“None of your concern, snake face,” she replied, her voice cold. She sheathed her left-hand sword, lowered the other, and stood watching him, her eyes taunting. 
Kaonigai's eyes widened in anger. The woman was toying with him, as he had so many others. Screaming his fury, he hurled himself forward, his sword slashing at her neck. Her sword flashed up and down. He saw a blur of silver-blue, felt her blade slice through his collar bone and shear through his chest. His eyes bulged with shock as he watched the left half of his body drop away. The pain was horrific...
Liang stepped back. A fierce delight surged through her breast as she watched the light fade from the corsair chief’s eyes, and his gory remains slide to the already blood-drenched deck. 
The surviving corsairs, seeing their captain slain, threw down their weapons, and backed away uncertainly, fearful for their lives, for they expected little mercy.
Captain Tao-Lin had seen enough bloodshed for the day. He ordered the surviving corsairs to take their dead, dying, and wounded comrades and get off his ship. Once aboard their craft, they had a short time to abandon it and cast off on boats, before he set it ablaze. 
A great weariness hit Liang. Sheathing her swords, she turned away, the warriors and sea-men parting as she made her way along the deck toward her cabin. Each man bowed deeply as she passed. She didn’t acknowledge them, for it was only fitting those of lower station acknowledged their betters. For she was Liang of the Stormblades, Kyung-Su reborn. 
Once in her cabin, Liang stripped and washed herself, dipping a piece of cloth in a bowl of water. Pulling on a light-blue silk gown, she sat on her bunk and placed the twin scabbards on her lap. As she pulled the swords out, the hilts moulded to her grip. 
She held the sword’s up, they felt light in her hands, almost an extension of her. She didn’t remember wiping them down, yet they were unblemished – no blood, nicks or scratches on the blades. She ran a thumb lightly along an edge and drew blood.
Wincing, she yanked her hand back and sucked the digit. She sheathed the swords and placed both on a trunk next to her bunk. She lay back on the bunk and stretched out, her thoughts turning to earlier. 
The swords were light, perfectly balanced, and belonged in her hands, as if she had used them all her life. But the joy that had welled up inside her when she killed the corsair chief troubled her. She had felt similar – though not as intense, during her first experience of actual combat, when she, Pagan and Xiang Tse had foiled the Zhaojin assassins. But, beyond that, she felt an unease she couldn’t quite place. A soft voice whispering deep within her…Closing her eyes, she drifted off to sleep.
She dreamt she and Pagan were riding on the back of a huge scaled beast in a mighty storm. A roiling mass, darker than the blackest of storm clouds appeared before them. The beast flew on. A huge cavernous maw yawned on the mass, and a frigid cold blasted out, enveloping them. 
She drew the Stormblades and screamed her defiance, the cry dying in her throat as a spider web of black threads appeared on the blades. The blades crumbled into dust. The beast flew on… 
 
The Horror
 
 
The feast of Mithros took place on the longest day of the year at Petras Park to the west of the city. The park was named after the founder of Petralis.
Legend had it, Petras, determined to see the sea before he died, sold all his possessions, and journeyed eastward with his three sons. Traders and wanderers spoke of a huge body of water that lay far to the east where the land ended.
Upon reaching his destination, Petras gazed upon the huge expanse of water with tears in his eyes. He died a week later, and his sons buried him on a promontory overlooking the sea. They went on to establish a settlement; Petralis – named after their father. Over time, Petralis grew into the main port and capital city of Mellania. 
Casca had hoped to visit the ruins of Tor-Arnath with Pagan, but earlier promises to Aeneas and Althea to partake in the festivities held sway.
The feast was paid for by the city coffers, and organised by the City Elders – a council of five men and five women, chosen by the populace in elections held once every three years.
Petralis had foregone the old tradition of rule by a Royal family over a hundred years earlier. Discontent over the harsh rule of Serranos-Halbro III, and the excesses of the Royal family and arrogant courtiers, led to a popular uprising that saw Petralis secede from Mellania to become an independent city state.
Casca, Pagan, and Aeneas with Ripper in tow, joined the throngs of people milling around the park taking in the various attractions.
Fire eaters, and tumblers delighted watchers with startling feats. Magickers performed tricks and illusions, which had the children screaming in delight. 
A tall magicker with long white hair and a thick bushy beard, wearing a shiny black and silver cloak reminded Casca of Castillan. The man was good, conjuring pretty little birds out of the air. The birds flew over the heads of the children, dropping little bags of sweetmeats into their outstretched hands before disappearing in puffs of red, blue and yellow smoke.
There were stalls selling trinkets, baubles, pottery, tapestries and colourfully embroidered tunics, and long log tables set with platters of roast meats, fish, and fruits. Barrels of ale and fruit juices, tankards, goblets, and cups were set nearby. 
Hearing a voice call him, Casca looked up to see his sister Leonna waving. His daughter Althea, a pretty girl with long fair hair and bright blue eyes, ran into his arms. Leonna, her husband Marcos, and their three daughters joined them. 
Pagan standing by, as his friend’s family exchanged greetings, couldn’t help notice the filial resemblance that ran through Casca, Leonna, Aeneas and Althea – finely crafted features, fair hair and blue eyes. 
Marcos was a small, slightly portly man with a receding hairline and kind brown eyes. He and Leonna seemed an unmatched pair, with the slender Leonna considerably taller than her husband. But Casca had told Pagan they were a devoted couple who doted on each other and their children.
Pagan studied Marcos. He hadn’t spent much time in his company previously. Casca had described him as a clever enterprising man with a nose for sniffing out profitable opportunities. 
As a young man from a modest background – his father was a shoemaker, and his mother cleaned the houses of rich merchants – Marcos had started life as an errand boy and trainee clerk for an ageing merchant named Calidis. Impressed by the hard-working bright young man, Calidis, having no sons, took Marcos under his wing, and in no time, Marcos oversaw most of his enterprises and transactions.
The ambitious Marcos soon saw an opportunity to strike out on his own. He remembered hearing about the Boswellia tree that grew on Paros – an island on the Vilrahel. The tree secreted a sap called frankincense that was used to make fragrances. He wondered if that might provide the answer to masking the stench of the city’s open sewers.
Calidis traded regularly with Paros and kept a large warehouse on the island. Convincing Calidis of the need to take a thorough inventory of stock, Marcos took a berth on one of his employer’s merchantmen on a scheduled trip to Paros.
Marcos returned to Petralis with two barrels of frankincense-derived fragrance. Next, came the problem of finding suitable means of diffusing it. After weeks of trial and error he settled on two methods. 
The first involved mixing the fragrance with candle wax, allowing it to diffuse as the candle burned down. For the second method, Marcos attached a shallow bowl to a candle- holding tripod. The candle flame heated the liquid-fragrance in the bowl, releasing the aroma.
The tripod method proved more effective. Marcos persuaded Casca and a few associates to try the tripods, and all were pleased with the results. Taking a gamble, Marcos got a loan from his employer and returned to Paros.
Frankincense was mixed with a blend of oils to produce the fragrance. The blend was a closely guarded secret of the Lurras-Beliante family, who had been fragrance makers for as long as any on the island could remember. Marcos procured an exclusive arrangement to supply Petralis with the fragrance.
In no time at all, almost every home and establishment in Petralis used Marcos’s tripod diffusers or fragrance-infused candles.
Marcos became a wealthy man. He became a very wealthy man when Calidis died and left him half his estate, the other half to his widow. But Marcos remained the same quiet, shy, unassuming man.
Ripper barked and darted about in excitement, pushing against, and licking everyone. He was particularly fond of the girls who always made a fuss and fed him tidbits whenever they saw him.
Aeneas and the girls were keen to wander off and explore. Reminding Aeneas to look out for the girls, Casca slipped him some coins and sent them on their way.
Off they went with much laughing and giggling as the girls vied for who would be the first to ride on Ripper’s back. A stern looking Aeneas, taking his manly responsibilities to heart, ushered them along.
“Heavens! What manner of creature is that?” Leonna exclaimed as they approached a logged enclosure. A large grey animal with wrinkled skin stood there. Its head was dominated by a long nose that stretched down to its knees. Large fan-like ears swept back from its head, and two long tusks protruded on either side of its nose.
“We have them in my land,” Pagan said. “We call them Long Nose.” Shaking his head sadly, he gestured at the enclosure. “These animals are meant to walk free, not spend their lives trapped in a small space such as this, providing amusement for people.”
Leonna nodded in agreement. “It looks a bit sad,” she added, as she looked up at the animal, noting its rheumy eyes. Its size was overwhelming, and she wondered how Pagan’s people had coped with such an enormous creature wandering around. Guessing her thoughts, Pagan smiled. “They are mostly gentle beasts, Leonna, and don’t generally bother us.”
“That is thankful,” Leonna said “They are huge, and must be very frightening when angry.”
“Yes, they are” Pagan acknowledged. “It is also said they have very long memories and have been known to seek vengeance for wrongs committed against them years earlier.”
Marcos, ever the merchant mindful of the coin-value of things, glanced at Casca. “It must have cost a pretty sum to ship such a creature thousands of miles across the sea.” 
Another enclosure filled with mud, and muddy water, contained scaled reptiles with long snouts lined with wicked looking teeth. The creatures had four short clawed feet and were as long as two tall men. Upon seeing them, Pagan abruptly turned away, and walked toward the food and drink laden tables. Seeing Leonna about to ask a question, Casca shook his head, beckoning her to silence.
Nodding and exchanging greetings with those who recognised him, Pagan grasped an empty tankard and placing it under a barrel, turned the small tap. The light-copper-coloured liquid dribbled into the receptacle. Pagan shut the tap off as the ale lapped around the rim.
Sitting down, he took a deep draught. Looking around, it was heart-warming to see families walking, talking, and laughing in the mid-afternoon sunshine. He hoped the threat of the Gualich wouldn’t materialize, but had read Zou Yan-Tse’s journal, and feared their return was imminent.
A tousle-haired little girl in a pale green dress ran by, tumbled over and scrapped her knee. Sitting forlornly on the grass, tears welled in her eyes and ran down her cheeks. Pagan got to his feet, walked over and knelt beside her. “I’ve hurt my knee,” she sobbed, looking up at him.
“Let’s have a look at it, little one,” Pagan whispered. Taking a piece of cloth from his pocket, he dipped it in a bowl of water on a nearby table, and gently wiped off the blood, bits of grass and dirt on her knee.
The little girl looked up at Pagan and smiled, her teeth pearl-white and perfectly formed. “Thank you,” she said shyly. “It doesn’t hurt anymore.”
Looking around for her mother, Pagan saw a harsh-faced woman approaching. Glaring at Pagan, she grabbed the girl, yanked her to her feet and stalked away, skirts swishing. 
Pagan smiled ruefully. He still got such reactions every now and again. The little girl, legs working furiously to keep up with her irate mother, glanced back over her shoulder, smiled, and waved at him.
Pagan smiled and waved back. The girl would grow up into a fine, thoughtful woman if the poison of her mother’s prejudices didn’t taint her.
A little while later, Casca and Marcos joined him at the table. Both looked troubled. Pagan cast a questioning look at Casca. The tavern owner took his time, pouring two tankards of ale for himself and his sister’s husband. Pagan sat quietly, watching as the ale trickled ever so slowly from the clearly inadequate tap.
“A couple of people have been reported missing,” Marcos offered. He glanced at Casca. “Casca has been telling me about these…Gualich. Surely, they are mere legends, and any question of demons returning after a thousand years to kill us all is absurd. The missing men probably got drunk last night and are simply sleeping it off before returning home to face the wrath of their wives.”
Placing the full tankards on the table, Casca shook his head. “One of the missing men is Toran. His sisters, Loretta and Parsis, work for me at the Folly. Their other brother Corann, said there was no sign of Toran at their shepherd’s hut up in the hills. He found some of their sheep scattered on the hillside, and one of their dogs cowering in fright under some bushes. Said it almost bit his pigging hand off when he approached it.” Lowering his voice, Casca leaned closer to the two men. “Corann said he found his brother’s cloak outside the hut on top of some bones. He believed they were Toran’s, but…that is... impossible.”
Marcos glanced at both men. His eyes were frightened. He lifted his tankard to his mouth and promptly spilt most of its contents on the front of his tunic, as a piercing scream rent the air.
The three men jumped to their feet and looked around trying to locate the source of the disturbance. Another scream rang out, and Marcos saw what appeared to be a large hound burst through a crowd of people to leap into a group of children.
But it was like no hound Marcos had ever seen before. Bone-white, it was as large as a small pony. Its back was ridged with sharp bony protuberances, and a tail longer than its body ended in a wicked looking barb. Ridged muscles bunched along its chest and shoulders, and its head was of nightmare. Wedge-shaped with small pointed ears, its blood-red eyes gleamed with an unnatural intelligence, and its jaws were rimmed with wickedly curved fangs.
One man ran in, swinging an axe at its head. The weapon bounced of its skull, and the axe-head went flying. A swipe of a huge taloned paw tore the man’s chest open and sent him flying.
The other children had run away, but a boy of around twelve years stood rooted in fear. The beast closed its jaws around the boy’s midriff and hoisted him in the air. 
Another man ran in with an upraised knife. The nightmare tail lashed out, the barb ripping through the man’s belly to exit in his back. The tail whipped out, sending the unfortunate man flying, his entrails trailing, and blood spraying.
With its victim gripped firmly in huge jaws, the beast strutted away from the field.
Ripper’s distinctive bark rang out as Leonna, Aeneas and the girls ran up to the table. Leonna was a calm assured woman, not given to panic, but Casca could see she was right on the edge. “What was that?” she asked, her voice shaking. “It killed those men, and…took that child. We must do something.” Glancing around, she reassured herself the girls and Aeneas were safe, and drew them all closer to her.
More screams and shouts erupted. Panic ensued with men, women and children running in all directions as another huge beast appeared. Pausing, its out-sized head swung this way and that, crimson eyes regarding the fleeing people. Then that appalling gaze locked onto the figures by the table.
Sinews bunched, catapulting it forward at fearsome speed. 
“Run!” Pagan shouted, turning to Leonna, Marcos and the children. “Run! Go!” Leonna grasped her youngest daughter to her breast, while Marcos picked up the second youngest. The eldest, together with Althea being swift of foot, hared off with the burdened adults in their wake. Aeneas, his mouth set in a stubborn line, stood his ground.
Pagan stepped out. He stood unarmed, arms hanging loosely by his sides and feet balanced. Eyes fixed on the charging beast, he focussed himself, breathing deeply through his lower abdomen. He narrowed his focus.
Time slowed down...Black sorcery and demon-spawned muscles bunched. Foetid jaws gaped, baleful red eyes fixed on the frail man-creature who dared stand in its path. The demon-hound leapt. 
A calm descended upon Pagan. He focused on a point on the beast's throat where he could detect a pulse fluttering the skin. His timing had to be perfect. A short inhalation prior to explosive movement…
A snarling tawny-brown blur hurtled past Pagan. Colliding in mid-air, Ripper’s massive jaws locked upon the beast’s throat. As they both hit the ground, Pagan heard the crunch of splintering bones as the wolf-mastiff cross wrenched its powerful neck muscles, ripping out the demon- hound’s throat. Yellowish-green blood spurted, limbs jerked spasmodically. Blood-red eyes glazed over to a dull grey, then all movement ceased.
Ripper nudged the carcass with his muzzle a couple of times. Assured that the creature was dead, he trotted back to the astonished Pagan.
Aeneas pushed his way past his father to wrap his arms around his dog. Eyes shining with pride, he looked up at his father. “We were right to keep him,” he exclaimed.
Casca stepped forward. Kneeling besides his son, he hugged both boy and dog. “Yes son,” he said, “you were right in insisting we kept Ripper.” Shaking his head in wonder at what had just transpired, he glanced at the carcass of the beast. “Beleth’s balls,” he whispered, “look at that.” All three swung around to see the body shrivel and disintegrate into a mass of writhing maggots. The stench was overpowering.
Pagan glanced around the now empty park. The bodies of the two men killed by the beast lay where they had fallen. Platters of half-eaten food, half-empty tankards, spilt food, together with spilt ale and fruit juices, remained on the log tables. The grass was littered with plates, tankards, bits of food and other hurriedly discarded items. The colourful stalls stood forlorn, baubles and trinkets glinting with promise, but none to allure.
The huge animal described as Long Nose by Pagan stood in its enclosure, its handlers fled, and no one left to gawp in wonder at its sheer size and uniqueness. The crocodiles that had so upset Pagan, remained somnolent and content in their muddy enclosure.
What had been a glorious sunny day full of promise for the people of Petralis had ended in a nightmare that would live with them for the rest of their lives. Pagan caught Casca’s eye. Both men knew days of darkness and blood lay before them.
The mood was suppressed as they walked from the park. The usually boisterous Ripper padding silently alongside.
“It’s very quiet,” Aeneas remarked, noting the deserted streets. “There are hardly any people around.”
Casca placed an arm around his son’s shoulders, pulling him closer. “People are scared Aeneas. That is no surprise, considering the horror they have just witnessed. They feel much safer behind the locked doors and shuttered windows of their homes.” He paused for a moment before continuing: “I am worried about Marcos, Leonna, and the girls. I think we should stop by to see them before returning home.”
“Yes,” Pagan agreed. “There is no saying how many of those beasts are around.” His brow furrowed. “What were they? They looked somewhat like dogs…but not like any type of dog I have ever heard of, or seen before.”
“I think they were Bahktak – hounds of the Suanggi, the Gualich’s soul harvesters” Casca said.
“So, it begins” Pagan said. 
Aeneas looked up at the two men. “What is beginning, and what are Bahktak and Gualich?”
Casca was silent, weighing his words as the trio walked along. “I will tell you all about it when we reach Marcos’s,” he eventually offered. He looked at Pagan. Pagan ruffled Aeneas’s hair and met his friend’s gaze. His eyes were grim.
Marcos and Leonna lived in a large red-brick three-storey house a short distance from the Folly. Marcos disliked the city’s fat merchants and largely corrupt City Elders, and refused to live among them in the more affluent parts of the city. He had bought the old boarding house from the widow of the previous owner.
Working mostly alone, Marcos renovated and transformed the entire house. It had taken him over two years. He had been a regular patron at the Folly in that time, often coming in for his evening meal after a day of work at the house. The quiet, shy, conscientious young man had caught Leonna’s eye. Subjected to her full range of charms, Marcos didn’t know what hit him. They were wed within a year.
Grasping the ring-style heavy brass knocker, Casca rapped on the dark-oak door. After a short wait, the door was opened by the maid, Sisstrela. The plump middle-aged woman curtsied, led them in, and bade them wait in a large reception room. Favouring Casca and Aeneas with a smile, and Pagan, a scowl, she hurried off to fetch Marcos and Leonna.
Pagan looked around the room with interest. It was high-ceilinged with large windows that were now shuttered. A large gold-plated chandelier hanging from the ceiling provided soft candle light, supplemented by a number of finely crafted oil lamps and tripod-mounted candles placed around the room. Paintings hung on the walls. Three caught Pagan’s attention:
A full-face painting of a woman, one eye green, the other blue, a wry smile on her face from some mysterious humorous situation.
A painting of snow-capped mountains reaching up into a grey sky. A stern face superimposed on the sky gazed down.
A ship riding a swell in a fierce storm at sea. A figure stood lashed to the main mast, the wind whipping long dark hair around its face. It was impossible to tell if it was a man or woman.
The furniture in the room was of simple design, but well-made and comfortable. The colours in the room were subdued and subtle, lending an ambience of peace and tranquillity as befitting a family home. Pagan noticed a couple of children’s dolls peering out from under one of the upholstered armchairs.
Althea came running in and jumped into her father’s arms. Casca held her, whispering soothing and comforting words. Looking up to see Leonna and Marcos enter, he kissed his daughter on the top of the head. “Hurry along now, Althea, I have to talk to Leonna and Marcos.”
Althea frowned, her brow knitting together. “But Aeneas is staying. I want to stay too.”
Casca glanced at Aeneas who glared back, his eyes saying: don’t you dare send me away too.
Casca glanced at Leonna for help, but she studiously avoided his eyes. He looked at Pagan who merely grinned and shrugged.
“Aeneas is a bit older than you, dear heart,” he said. “And I promised to give him answers to some questions he asked earlier.” His children were particularly strong-willed and not easily dissuaded, but he hoped Althea would accept his explanation. “I will come up and say goodbye before we leave. I promise.”
Althea looked at her father, her expression serious, then she nodded, smiled brightly, kissed him on the cheek, and ran out of the room.
Sisstrela brought in a tray bearing five goblets of fruit juice. Placing the tray on a low table, she curtsied, and walked out, closing the door behind her.
Pulling five chairs around the table, Marcos invited his guests to sit.
“How are the girls?” Casca asked, looking at Leonna.
“A bit shaken. They were very frightened by what they saw out there, but they seem… fine. What were those things?”
“Yes,” Marcos interjected, leaning forward in his chair. “What happened out there, and what in the seven hells were those things? I have never seen beasts as ugly and fearsome. I don’t mind admitting I almost wet myself in fright.”
Casca looked at his sister. “Do you remember those stories about demons and shape shifters father used to tell us when we were children?”
“Ye…s,” Leonna responded hesitantly, a quizzical look on her face. “But what have they to do with this?”
Casca took a deep breath. “They were more than stories, most of what he told us actually happened.”
Leonna looked sceptical, but the doubt in her eyes changed to fear as Casca recounted what he had read in the works of Zucross and Zou Yan-Tse.
“I have heard some of the stories, but like most, never believed them,” Marcos murmured.
“Those beasts were Bahktak, hounds of the Suanggi – once-human servants of the Gualich,” Casca said. “There will be more coming, as they look to feed. Once they have fed enough, their masters will have enough power to rip down the barrier keeping them behind the portal. If all seven return…we are finished.”
“And it is up to you, Pagan, and a few others you haven’t yet met, to oppose them?” Marcos said, shaking his head in bemusement.
Casca shrugged. “That is the telling of it. But I have been told our allies are near, and we will be getting some… other help.”
Pagan, who had remained silent, turned to Casca. “Ah, that is good to hear. But who told you this, and where is this other help coming from?”
Casca grinned, glancing at Leonna. “I met our ancestor, the great mage, Castillan.”
“Oh, I am sure he just wandered into the Folly for a jug of ale,” Leonna observed.
Laughter rang out, easing the atmosphere.
“Hardly, the ancient rogue summoned my spirit to this breath-taking library, where we had a long cosy chat between one of the most powerful sorcerers – well, he preferred to be called a mage – in history, and one very scared tavern keeper.”
“Summoned your spirit?” Marcos asked, his brow furrowing “What do you mean? How did he do that?”
“I thought I was dreaming, but he convinced me otherwise. I believed him. He is the most intimidating man I have ever met.” Shaking his head, he remembered the searing cerulean eyes. “He wasn’t…isn’t…a man whose words you doubted.” 
Pagan nodded sagely, his eyes knowing. “Indeed, my friend. A wise man doesn’t openly question the integrity of a sorcerer or shaman.
Aeneas had been sitting listening intently. “Ripper killed the Bahktak,” he suddenly announced. The dog, lying on a rug by the door, raised its head at the mention of its name, a low growl of acknowledgement rumbling in its throat.
“Yes, he was very brave,” Casca said. He turned back to Marcos and Leonna. “Those beasts and their masters will descend upon the city very soon looking to feed. It is not going to be safe here.”
Marcos looked up. “I have two ships departing for Paros in a couple of days to pick up a consignment of fragrance. We could leave with them. I have a... small estate there.”
“I think you should,” Casca said. “It will be good to know you are all safe. I will be in your debt if you take Aeneas with you, and as many of the people of the city as you can.”
“Of course, we will take Aeneas, but I am not certain how many people will be willing to leave their homes.” Marcos said.
Seeing Aeneas about to protest, Casca raised his hand, fixing his son with a stern look that brooked no discussion. “No arguments, Aeneas. You are not staying.” He turned back to Marcos. “I intend to go before the City Elders tomorrow. I hope to persuade them to send word out for the city to be evacuated.”
Marcos looked dubious. “I wish you luck, Casca. I know only too well how that August assembly operates. Those fat fools will likely debate your request for two weeks, and then vote against it because it will mean loss of profit for the even fatter merchants who control them.”
“Yes, that may be true,” Leonna said, “but at least people will get to hear about the exact nature of the dangers they face and can decide for themselves whether to stay or go.”
“Let’s hope most decide to leave,” Pagan interjected “These creatures get more powerful the more they feed. We will have a much better chance of destroying them if there is less...food...fewer people for them to feed on.”
Aeneas stifled a giggle. Leonna frowned and shot Pagan a sharp glance “Not very neighbourly referring to your fellow citizens as food for these...Gualich, but you are correct.”
Pagan nodded. “You are quite right lady, forgive me.”
Casca rose to his feet, glancing at Pagan and Aeneas. “We should get going before night falls. I wouldn't want to run into those beasts in the dark.”
 
The Usurper
 
 
Herald looked up, his eyes glowing in the dark as a pale light flashed between the stone pillars, and the sigils carved deeply down their length glowed red. Kirinos-Halbro, also known as the Usurper stepped from the portal, setting foot on the land he had once ruled as king. He looked around, taking in the blighted moonlit landscape, before his eyes settled on Herald.
“Welcome Brother,” pulsed Herald. Kirinos-Halbro ignored the greeting. Raising his hand to his face, he grimaced in revulsion. He so hated this form, and what he had become, and cursed the day he had fallen for the false promises of the Gualich.
Ruthlessly ambitious and totally amoral, he had murdered his elder brother and rightful king, and usurped the crown of Mellania. Then the Gualich had come to him.
A golden-haired powerfully built man in a dazzling white robe edged with gold had appeared in his bed-chamber. Snapping awake some time before dawn, he had seen the stranger standing at the bottom of his bed, arms folded across his broad chest.
Shocked and outraged at the impudence of the man in invading the king's private chambers, he opened his mouth to call for his guards. But before he could, the stranger raised a hand, a pale-yellow light lancing from his fingers.
Kirinos-Halbro was flung back onto his silk-covered pillows as the light hit him. He screamed as a fierce pain gripped his left arm. Cradling the painful limb to his chest, he glanced down to see something pushing against the blood-and pus-stained bandage that covered the stump at the end of the arm. 
His elder brother the king – a good swordsman, but thankfully not good enough – had cut off his hand before his younger sibling's sword had pierced his heart. Ten years on, the wound hadn't healed. He sometimes mused it was punishment from the gods for his fratricide.
He screamed again, raising the arm to his face, right hand gripping his wrist just below the stump. The filthy bandage fell away. Blinking through tears of pain, he saw what appeared to be the indistinct silhouette of a hand grow from the stump.
Disbelieving, he watched as the silhouette solidified. He flexed the fingers of his freshly grown appendage and clenched his fist. He looked up at his mysterious benefactor, wondering why his guards hadn't come running at his screams. “Who are you,” he whispered, “and why do you do this for me?” 
The stranger inclined his head in greeting. “My name is Gual. I was once ruler of a land far from here. I offered you the gift of a new hand as a sign of goodwill. I need your help.”
Kirinos-Halbro sat up in his bed and studied the stranger. His bearing was that of a warrior, and one accustomed to being obeyed. 
“What help?” 
“I need a strong ambitious man who isn’t afraid of his own shadow, to help me regain my lands. In return, I will give you the means to expand your kingdom and conquer lands of untold wealth that lie beyond the sea. I will also increase your lifespan far beyond the ordinary, you will become almost immortal.”
He had wondered why such a powerful man would need his help, but the thoughts of empire silenced his disquiet, for he had always believed he was destined for great things. The idea of immortality seemed absurd, but no more so than watching his hand grow back.
“What do you want me to do?”
“In the morning, assemble your court, advisers and generals, and bring them to the piece of land you call Arnath,” the stranger instructed. “There, I shall give a further demonstration of my powers.”
The next morning, he gathered his court, advisers, generals and fifty members of the royal guard and rode out to Arnath. None felt it wise to question the reasons for the strange excursion, as the customary punishment for questioning their king's commands was death.
He was disappointed when they reached Arnath. The place was deserted with no sign of his uninvited guest from the previous night.
A strong wind sighed between the two mysterious pillars that had stood there for as long as anyone could remember. His best scholars had been unable to decipher the strange symbols carved on them and could only offer the wildest speculation regarding their origin. Some claimed they were a gateway between worlds, placed there by an ancient race who had mastered travel beyond the stars. Kirinos-Halbro had always thought this, fanciful nonsense
Panados, the captain of his guard, heeled his mount closer. “Your hand, my king,” he whispered in awe, “you've...got it back...” 
Kirinos-Halbro’s eyes were drawn to the pillars as he was about to respond. They appeared to be vibrating. The strange symbols glowed red, and a pale light appeared between the pillars. Heeling his horse closer, he found he couldn't see the landscape beyond as he looked between the structures, the opaque light presenting him with his reflection. He found the same as he moved to the other side of the pillars.
Then, the light parted, disgorging several human, and large dog-like translucent figures. His horse shied, dumping him heavily on the ground. Shaking his head to clear his senses, he saw the figures fall upon his retinue. 
Cowering on the ground stricken with inaction, he watched horrified as the creatures from beyond the portal slaughtered the high and mighty of his kingdom. His guards and generals fought bravely, but their weapons had no effect. 
The creatures appeared to become more solid, attaining flesh with each death. It was all over in no time. Their grisly work done, they gathered around him, looking down on his prone form.
The giant hounds were unlike any beasts he had seen before. Large as small ponies, they had long spiked tails, and heavily ridged backs. Some of the human-like creatures were tall and cadaver-thin, others, massively built with bands of thick, knotted muscle across their chests and arms. Some were unarmed, while others carried swords and maces that shone a dull red. The human-creatures had slitted yellow eyes that shone with dreadful hunger. They seemed to be waiting for something.
It was now clear his mysterious benefactor was an unearthly invader who had lured him here with false promises. A swordsman of skill and verve, he suddenly found his courage. A king should die wielding his sword against his enemies, not cowering on the ground like a worm. He pulled himself up, drawing his great two-handed broadsword.
“Come on you hell spawn!” he screamed, “what are you waiting for?” The creatures remained silent, watching him with those yellow eyes, the chill coming from them, making him shiver.
He screamed his frustration and anger. “Where is your cow-shagging leader? Gual! Show yourself, I'll slit your evil gizzard!”
The pillars vibrated again, and the golden-haired man stepped out. Screaming obscenities, Kirinos-Halbro leapt forward, swinging his sword in a vicious arc.
The man casually swatted the sword aside, one hand shooting out to grab him by the throat. As he stared into the stranger’s black eyes, a voice pulsed in his head. “You are mine, now and forever. Know that your greed and stupidity has doomed your kingdom and your world.” The fingers tightened around his throat and he felt himself being lifted up. All strength left him, leaving him as weak as a new-born babe. 
The man who had called himself Gual spun on his heel and still holding the king with nonchalant ease with one arm, stepped back through the gateway.
 
*******
 
As Kirinos-Halbro set foot once again on the land he had ruled in long ages past, self-loathing, and hatred for the Gualich surged through him. But he knew he would feed. He would regain physical form – if the abomination he had become could be considered such. And the Gualich riding on his soul like loathsome leeches, would gain the strength to break through the flimsy barrier keeping them from this world.
Leading them would be Beleth, the shape shifter who had presented himself as a golden-haired man. And he couldn't prevent it, for he belonged body and soul to the demons.
Kirinos-Halbro could sense the others gathered on the other side of the gateway, eager for the harvest that awaited them. He prayed the world had heroes powerful enough to defend it against the horror his blind ambition had unleashed so long ago.
 
*******
 
Alaris couldn't sleep. Desperate for work so he could earn enough coin to feed and care for his young family, he had left his village, and travelled to Petralis. Unable to find work as a loader on the docks, and his fear of enclosed spaces ruling out the possibility of working as a miner in nearby Luallis’s silver mines, he had settled for the back-breaking toil of a woodsman. In a lonely camp in the high country to the north of Tor- Arnath, he and twenty other men worked as loggers.
A slightly built man, he was not strong enough to swing an axe to fell the towering beech trees. His task was cleaning the trunks, hacking away branches and limbs, and attaching chain traces to the stripped trunks so they could be hauled south by workhorses.
The men who worked on the site slept on double bunks in a large crudely-built log cabin. Over twenty men living and sleeping in such an enclosed space didn't make for the most pleasant environment. 
The detritus of working men without their wives to ensure they maintained a modicum of cleanliness and order, festooned the place. The more palatable included dirt-and mud-encrusted boots, and various items of dirty clothing. The stench of unwashed bodies and festering feet was all-pervading.
Alaris groaned in frustration and tried to wrap his pillow around his head in the forlorn hope it would help deaden the nightly lullaby of snores, grunts and mutterings of various tenors. 
He so wished he was lying in his own bed back at home next to his lovely wife, with his young twins – a boy and girl – safe and snug in their cot next to them. The thought of his young wife – dark-eyed, dark-haired sultry Annura, made him groan again.
The man in the bunk above him, the fat cook Ollianus, let rip with a sonorous fart. Alaris squeezed his eyes shut, his irritation and frustration swelling. “Beleth’s balls,” he cursed. “You smelly whoreson, Ollianus.” The man was an excellent cook and popular among the loggers. His propensity for breaking wind at the most inopportune moments was a source of great merriment in the camp, but none wanted to be his bunk partner. As the newcomer and smallest in the camp, Alaris had drawn the short straw.
As the essence of Ollianus’s offering wafted down, Alaris grimaced, cursing under his breath. His bladder felt full, so he climbed out of his bunk and made his way to the door. Stepping into the night, he walked over to some bushes and relieved himself, sighing with pleasure as the stream of water hit the ground. Scratching his groin, he hitched up his leggings and breathed deeply, sucking in the clean night air.
Alaris yawned, stretching his arms upward and arching his back. His shoulders and back were stiff and sore, and he was tired. He needed to sleep. Returning to the unwelcoming cabin, he grabbed his blanket and stepped back outside. Walking over to a stand of trees to the west of the cabin, he sat against a tree, wrapped himself in his blanket and closed his eyes.
Sometime later, his eyes snapped open. He was not sure what had woken him, then he realised he couldn't hear the usual night-time sounds; unseen little creatures rustling in the undergrowth, cicadas, crickets and the occasional owl screech. He remained stock-still, senses questing; there appeared to be no immediate danger, but the silence gave the feeling the forest was holding its breath in anticipation of something awful.
A high ululating scream ending in a choked gurgle made him jump. It had come from the direction of the cabin. Pushing himself upright, he moved quietly toward it, placing his feet carefully to avoid stepping on any dry branches or twigs. Shielded by the thick bole of a beech tree, and thick brush, he peered at the log building.
The door was wide open, and he could hear more screams and shouts, and sounds of fierce struggling. Bears were sometimes known to break into cabins searching for food, but it was no bear that emerged as he watched.
A huge hound leapt through the door, splintering the frame and surrounding timber. Frightful jaws locked around its victim's midriff, the beast loped off into the darkness. Alaris blinked in disbelief. What manner of hound could carry off a full-grown man so effortlessly? More of the creatures followed, dragging and carrying away more of Alaris's hapless workmates.
Three figures appeared in the doorway and stepped into the open. Alaris shrank back behind the beech tree as they looked in his direction. He saw they were not men, but yellow-eyed demons from the seven hells, impossibly tall and massive. 
Those eyes continued to stare in his direction. Terror swamped him and he started shaking. He held his breath, so they wouldn't hear him breathe. Someone had once told him people sensed when they were being stared at, so he turned his eyes downward, fervently praying the demons hadn't sensed his presence. He let out a gasp of air as they turned away and followed their hounds into the night.
Alaris slumped to the ground in relief. He had loosened his bladder in fear, and his leggings were sodden with urine. He felt ashamed at his weakness, but in truth, there was little reason to berate himself. After all, it wasn't every night one saw his workmates devoured and carried off by denizens of the pit.
Too frightened to move in case the creatures came back, Alaris stayed where he was, his urine-wet leggings uncomfortable against his legs, until dawn-light started streaking the sky. Afraid of the gruesome sight he knew awaited him, he had no wish to return to the cabin, but he was compelled to. Cautiously stepping in, he was surprised how little blood there was. He saw mounds of human bones on bunks and on the floor.
Shuddering, Alaris backed out of the cabin. He walked to the stockade at the rear of the building where the horses were kept. He saw they had all bolted except an old black mare. Walking up to the animal, he stroked its neck, whispering soothing words.
He saddled the animal, jumped on its back, and rode away from the logging camp, setting his sight homeward. None had told him the forests of Petralis housed ochre-eyed demons. He would return home and find some other work to help care for his family.
 
The Hunting Party
 
 
The twelve city elders sat at a long table set on a stage overlooking the packed Hall of Elders, which was attached to the great library. Casca, sitting in the front row couldn't remember seeing so many people in attendance before. But then, most of the matters debated and decided by the elders tended to be of the mundane, such as recruiting enough numbers for the city guard, and solving the problem of the city's open sewers.
Krocus, the leader of the Council of Elders, a thin man with a rapidly receding hairline, raised his eyes from the notes in front of him and fixed Casca with an unblinking stare. “Will Casca stand and speak. He wishes to address this meeting.”
Casca stood and swung around to face the people. He recounted the tales his father used to tell him and what his research had revealed. He believed the attacks at the feast of Mithros and the unexplained disappearances were but the beginning, and the city was in grave danger. He requested the elders recommend a full evacuation of Petralis.
Clearing his throat theatrically, Krocus leaned forward, his dark eyes on Casca.
“So, you want us to believe these ridiculous tales from your childhood, and that we are all about to be devoured by shape shifting demons and giant dogs? What did you call them...Gualich or was it Bahktak?” He turned his head left and right, glancing at the other elders, then faced the mass of men and women in the chamber. “Forgive me if I laugh, for I have not heard such a pile of horse dung in a long time.” He laughed – an irritating gurgle. A few on the table smiled, and more laughter came from the audience.
Casca's eyes hardened. “It is not horse dung, Krocus, I know it to be true. I was in the park. One of the creatures killed two men and carried off a child. Another attacked me and my family, but my dog killed it.”
“Your dog killed it!” Krocus mocked, wide-eyed. “If your...dog killed it, then maybe these creatures are not as fearsome as you make out. And pray, where...”
“You haven't seen the size of Casca's dog,” a voice rang out to further laughter. “It's bigger than a pigging wolf, and its pigging jaws can take a grown man's leg off!”
Krocus frowned at the interruption and continued from where he left off. “...where is the body of this beast your dog so bravely killed?”
Casca glared at Krocus. He had never liked the rat-faced man. “The body rotted away to nothing in no time,” he responded.
“How convenient,” Krocus sneered.
An elder at the far end of the table interjected. Klara, a matronly looking woman of middle years was one of the longest serving of the elders, and commanded considerable respect. “I was at the park for the festivities and saw the attacks. Whatever those creatures were, they must be stopped. They didn't look like any beasts I have seen before, and we shouldn't be quick to discount Casca's words.”
A few murmurs of agreement came from the audience.
“Pah, what does he know?” Krocus snorted “He is only a tavern keeper.”
“That may be true,” Klara snapped “but he is a man of sound judgement, something you know little about, Krocus, except in the matter of accruing wealth at the expense of ordinary citizens. I too have read some of Elander Zucross's works and am aware of the dark legends surrounding Tor-Arnath.”
Another elder, a big man with folds of fat under his chin spoke up. “I was at the park,” he said in a hoarse voice. He raised a linen cloth to his mouth as a coughing fit hit him setting his multiple chins a-wobbling. “Forgive me,” he croaked, “I have had this damned cough for the last week or so. I was at the park, and all I saw were wild dogs or wolves. The city guard found their spoor, and will track them down to their lair. We may be too late to do anything for the child they took, but we can kill them.”
“Cow dung!” shouted a voice from the audience. “It was no wolf or wild dog that did for my poor brother.” Looking around, he continued. “You… Masrel, Dion, Ilka, you were all there. Beleth's stones! You all saw it! What sort of wild dog or wolf attacks a large group of people in daylight and tears men in half with its tail?”
Arguments broke out in the chamber, men and women shouting at each other. Casca glanced at Leonna and Marcos sitting quietly next to him. Leonna met his gaze. Her eyes were steady, certain. The set of her jaw and light in her eyes reminded him of Castillan. 
His mind made up, Casca stepped forward and vaulted onto the stage. Krocus got to his feet, his face pale, and eyes bulging with anger. “How dare you,” he blustered, this stage is reserved for city elders, not some drunken tavern owner who wants us to believe fanciful tales of demon dogs and soul stealers.”
Casca, his blood now up, placed his hands on the table and leaned forward, his face a mere hand’s breadth from Krocus's. “I dare, you pompous windbag, because I care about the lives of the people of this city, and will not stand idly by while you keep your head up your back passage.” Krocus stumbled back and sat heavily on his chair. He wasn't used to people standing up to him, and something in Casca's eyes had frightened him.
Casca turned and faced the assemblage. “Those of you who know me know I am not given to flights of fancy,” he said, his voice ringing loud and clear in the chamber. “Some of you would have heard stories of the Gualich from your fathers and grandfathers. Believe me when I say they are real, and are coming back. Days of blood and dark sorcery are upon us. My ancestor Castillan, helped defeat this horror a thousand years ago. It has fallen upon me to do the same. Trust me, I don't want this. I am no hero, but a time comes when every man must look into his soul and accept the duties the fates have placed upon him. We all have different paths to follow, and for better or worse, this is mine. But I will not be standing alone. Others destined to face this horror are on their way, one of them, my friend Pagan – many of you know him as a man of exceptional abilities, is already here. These creatures grow stronger with every death. If they devour enough souls, they will become unstoppable. They will rebuild their towers in Tor-Arnath, and spread their evil throughout the land and beyond. I urge you all to pack what you can, and leave the city. I cannot force you to go, but I beg you to think about your families, your wives, sisters, mothers and children. Don't doom them as... fodder for these...demons.”
There was silence in the chamber as the people took in Casca's words. Then, a voice rang out. “Casca's words are wise. I for one will be taking my wife and children and leaving!”
“Horse dung!” cried another voice. “You never had much brains, Masrel. Will you be taking your whore as well? I wouldn't mind a tumble with her while you are away!”
“A pox on you, Lane,” Masrel retorted. “She only wants real men! You are so shrivelled up, even your wife refuses you!”
Casca raised his voice as laughter rang out. “For those of you who choose to leave, Marcos here, has two ships sailing for Paros. He has berths for around two hundred people.” He glanced at Marcos who nodded his assent before adding, “We set sail in two days. Those who wish to go, be at the docks at first light. Room will be cramped, so bring only one chest per household. Lock and board up your homes. Your possessions will be awaiting you when you return.”
Krocus rose to his feet, trying one last time to reassert control over the situation. “Let’s not be hasty,” he beseeched. “Even if the tavern keeper is right, we don't have to leave our homes. We can arm ourselves and fight together with the city guard.”
“Yes,” Masrel mocked. “With you in the front ranks leading us, Krocus. Beleth's balls, man, you wouldn't even know which end of a sword to use!”
“No,” Casca interjected. “These creatures are spawned from the darkest sorcery. Your weapons would be useless against them. Even if you get lucky and kill one or two of the Bahktak, you couldn't stand against the Suanggi or their masters. You must flee the city.” 
As more voices were raised in arguments, Casca leapt from the stage and moved toward the doors with Leonna and Marcos in tow. He had done all he could here.
 
*******
 
Aeneas sat on the floor, Ripper's huge head resting on his lap. Both had their eyes fixed on Pagan. The subject of their fascination sat on a chair in his room, holding his sword by the hilt while he ran a whetstone along the edges with long even strokes. On the floor next to him were several star-shaped metal objects resting on a square of oiled leather.
“What are they?” Aeneas asked, reaching for one of the objects.
“Careful now,” Pagan cautioned. “They are very sharp. They are called shuken and can be deadly weapons in the right hands.”
Aeneas picked one up and experimentally ran a thumb along an edge. He winced, and looked up at Pagan, who smiled, shaking his head. “I told you they were sharp, but guess you had to find out for yourself.”
“Why did you stand in front of the Bahktak at the park?” Aeneas asked, his eyes serious. “It would have killed you.”
Pagan was silent, the whetstone rasping against his sword as he continued working on it. Eventually, he put the stone aside. He ran a thumb gingerly along the edges of the blade, nodded in satisfaction, and placed the sword next to the shuken.
“I couldn't stand idly by and do nothing. I had to try to stop it.” 
“But you had no weapons, it would have killed you.”
“Perhaps, or I would have killed it. As it leapt, I saw...what I believe is a vulnerable spot on its throat.”
“Do you think Ripper saw it too?”
“I don't know, son. Perhaps, but animals usually attack the throat when going for the kill.”
“Ripper was amazing, wasn't he?”
“Yes, he was Aeneas. He is a good dog. Brave and loyal. You are lucky to have him.”
“I know. But my father didn't want to keep him. Said he was a mean killer with too much wolf in him and would turn on me.”
“Your father was right. Ripper is a mean killer, but only to his enemies and those who would seek to hurt you, and those you love. But I doubt he will ever turn on you.”
Aeneas nodded, then turned to the hound, laughing as he tugged on its ear. Ripper growled low in his throat, pushed the boy onto his back and licked his face.
 
*******
 
Kalas crouched to examine the tracks, his knees creaking in protest, and ran his fingers along the edges of the paw imprints. He groaned as he straightened up, then kneaded his lower spine with his fists, arching his back to stretch stiff muscles, as they threatened to spasm and lock up.
Well into his sixtieth year, and his once keen eyes failing, Kalas had given up tracking a few years earlier. When a younger man, he had been feted for saving the lives of two children. The twin daughters of Klara, the city elder, had gone missing one cold winter’s day. Heavy snowfall had covered their tracks, making it almost impossible to determine which direction they had gone. After searching through the day, most had given up, but Kalas however, refused to. Night was falling when he eventually found them. They had fallen down a ravine, and were huddled together – cold, miserable, and frightened, on a precarious ledge.
Klara was eternally grateful, and Kalas didn't have to pay for his drink for the next few years.
His legend grew, and as was usual with such matters, his prowess exaggerated, some claiming he had been blessed by the gods. He apparently could hear a sparrow fart in the forest, and find its nest by following the smell.
Kalas had smiled at the absurdities, but secretly loved the praise, and did little to dissuade the adulation. 
The Council had insisted he help track the beast that had taken the child, and it was a request he couldn't refuse. He mouthed an obscenity as a tingling pain ran down his lower back into his buttocks and rear of his legs. He looked up at the dozen members of the city guard sitting their horses, patiently awaiting his findings.
“Well?” Baldrec, the captain of the guard grunted, running a hand over his sweat-sheened face. Like Kalas, Baldrec had seen better days. A bear of a man with close-cropped grey hair, he sat uncomfortably on his horse.
“I have never seen tracks like this before,” Kalas told him as he looked up at his old friend. “Looks like a wild dog or wolf, but the depths of the imprints suggest something far bigger.”
“I told you it was no pigging wolf,” one of the guard said.
“Shut up, Riskon.” Baldrec snarled, glancing over his shoulder.
“He is right, Cap'n” came another voice. “The child is likely dead by now, and they don't pay me enough to track no demon beasts.”
“They don't pay none of us enough to tackle demon beasts, Malron,” Baldrec responded. “But we've got a job to do. And no more pigging talk about demon beasts. We don't know for sure what it is we are tracking.”
A few of the men grumbled, but none raised their voices. Baldrec wasn't a man to be trifled with. The last man who dared challenge their captain's authority had ended up with a broken jaw.
Grunting with the effort, Kalas mounted his grey mare, and the men moved out. Kalas and Baldrec rode ahead of the rest. Baldrec looked at the old tracker, his eyes uncertain. “What do you think my friend?”
Kalas took his time before answering, glancing over his shoulder to make sure the others were out of earshot. “I didn't want to say too much in front of the men. It is no wolf or wild dog we track, Baldrec. Both leave an imprint of four toes. Those tracks had six, and the front tracks are deeper than the rear. That suggests the beast is carrying something heavy in its jaws.”
“The boy?” Baldrec asked, his brow furrowed in a frown.
“Aye, the boy. But since when did a wolf carry its prey this far, or for that matter carry prey at all? Wolves normally hunt in packs and devour their prey where it is brought down. If they have young 'uns to feed, they carry the food in their stomach, and puke it out for the youngsters when they reach their den.”
Baldrec grunted and nodded as he took in the information.
“And the tracks lead west toward Arnath,” Kalas added.
“Sayler's tits,” Baldrec cursed. “That devil-haunted pile of stones. This gets better and better. Swinging around in his saddle, he regarded the bedraggled line of men following them. “Stay alert and keep your wits about you, you sorry bunch of bastards.”
The sun was dipping in the sky, and lowering clouds suggested the onset of rain when they reached the outskirts of Tor-Arnath Kalas and Baldrec reined in their horses, waiting for the others to ride up.
Horses abreast, the thirteen men stopped by a low wall, looking at the jumble of rocks and green-hued blocks that were the remnants of the feared city. Each man was familiar with the dark history of the place.
Baldrec licked his lips nervously, and called out. “Come on, we can't stay here all day getting sore backsides.” Pointing beyond the wall, he added, “the tracks lead there, so let’s get to it.”
As he and Kalas moved to go around the wall, their mounts baulked, stubbornly refusing to go any further.
Baldrec cursed, pulled on the reins and tried to heel his horse forward. That was a mistake. The aggrieved animal bucked furiously, unseating its rider. The big man landed on the ground hard, all breath knocked out of him. Some of the men laughed, but their mirth turned into curses and cries of alarm as their horses also refused to move forward, some rearing to deposit their riders on the rocky ground.
Confusion ensued as the men tried to control panicked mounts, then Kalas yelled, pointing over the wall. “What in the seven hells are they?”
Five figures stood by a slab of rock watching the melee of men and horses. Two were ridiculously tall and the others as wide and thickly set as two strong men melded together. Their eyes glowed yellow in the failing light.
“Demons from the seven hells,” Malron croaked, eyes bulging and face white with fear.
A sudden chill hit, making them shiver. “Beleth's balls,” Kalas whispered, glancing at Baldrec. “My grandfather always spoke about the cold that announces the presence of demons. What shall we do?”
One of the figures raised an arm, and a dozen or so of the huge hounds appeared alongside. The figure pointed at the men, and the beasts bounded forward, tongues lolling and jaws agape.
“Malron, Ilos, Kalas, tend to the horses, the rest of you get your bows!” Baldrec gave swift orders. The men grabbed powerful recurve bows and quivers from their saddles. Lining up behind the low wall, they notched arrows and let fly.
The shafts hammered into the onrushing beasts...and bounced off sorcery-hardened hides. Two fell, pierced through the throat, their bodies decomposing rapidly into fat writhing maggots.
“Aim for their pigging throats!” Kalas yelled. “That seems to be their weak spot!” Another beast fell, maggots writhed, and a nauseating stench enveloped the besieged men.
The devil-hounds were closing rapidly, their huge strides eating up the ground. Baldrec realized the beasts would soon be upon them. “To horses!” he screamed, close to panic. “Let's ride!”
Kalas had no intention of ending up in the belly of a devil-hound. Displaying an agility that belied his advancing years, he vaulted onto his skittish mare and dug his heels in. The mare, needing no further invitation, took off like all the demons in the seven hells were prodding its rump with flaming brands.
Baldrec and the others were not far behind. Malron, unable to control his terrified mount, was left behind as the animal bolted. He barely had time to shout for help before huge jaws closed over his head, crushing his skull.
His companions didn’t look back to see what had happened to him.
 
A Chance Meeting
 
 
The sun shone down from a clear blue sky, and birdsong filled the air. Moon had divested himself of his bearskin robe – draping it across his saddle a couple of days earlier, as the weather got warmer. Clad in a sleeveless leather jerkin and buckskin trews he enjoyed the feel of the sun on his skin.
Occasionally, he walked alongside the stallion, holding the reins, as they made their way down the foothills. They hadn't seen any snow for days, and the landscape around them was green and verdant and teeming with life.
The previous day, Moon had almost jumped out of his skin, as a large green snake, moving through the branches of a tree brushed by his shoulder. The reptile was thicker than his thigh. His first inclination had been to reach for Widowmaker and lope the creature's head off. But something had stilled his hand. The reptile hadn't offered him any harm after all, and there was a certain beauty and grace about it – the sun glinting on its iridescent scales as it coiled its way through the branches.
Glancing back, he could see the snow-capped peaks of the Northir Mountains in the distance. Summers in the Nordir lands were short, and daylight hours, shorter. The mountains had a cold majestic beauty, and bred men of iron, but these southern lands had a different kind of allure. Warm, vibrant, welcoming. A man could easily live out the span of his life here, take a wife, raise strong children, and watch them grow.
Briefly forgetting why he was here – he hadn't had any headaches for a while, Moon was glad he made the journey. Then his belly began to grumble. He had some oats left, but a man needed more than that to survive. He had managed to snare a couple of rabbits earlier, but the meat had been stringy and unsatisfying.
He had seen signs of human habitation – small settlements and villages, and the occasional lone cabin, but had skirted these. Never the most sociable of men, he also knew the sight of a huge one-eyed Northman appearing out of the wilds would likely cause fear and alarm. Fearful people were quick resort to violence, and he had no desire to spend his first days in this beautiful green land spilling the blood of its inhabitants.
But he was getting awfully hungry, and hunger usually made him bad-tempered. The enticing aroma of roasting meat hit him before he saw the thin spiral of a camp fire smoke a short distance away.
Leading the stallion by the reins, he walked toward the smoke, ensuring he made enough noise so those in the camp wouldn't be startled by his sudden appearance. He called out as he neared. “Hello the camp!”
 
*******
 
Cabris earned his livelihood supplying the settlements on the foothills with goods from southern towns such as Lysalis. Occasionally he brought goods from as far as Petralis, but these costed more due to the greater distance, and few of the people in these outlying settlements could afford the coin.
Cabris was a cautious man, and upon hearing the hail, ordered his daughters to hide in the bushes behind the wagon. Lucia and Sunia had pleaded to accompany him on the journey, and he had agreed, much against his better judgement. The road wasn't a safe place for a lone man past middle age and two girls nearing their bloom. But he had always found it difficult to refuse them anything, particularly since their mother had died of the wasting sickness six months earlier.
He had detected an odd accent in the stranger's voice, and his heart sank when he spied him. Leading a huge white horse, Cabris saw the biggest and most fearsome looking man he had ever laid eyes on.
“Well met stranger,” Cabris said, hoping the giant didn't notice the tremor in his voice. “You look like you have come a long way. You are welcome to share my modest meal.” 
Cabris cursed himself. He had no idea why he made the offer, what with his daughters hiding behind the wagon, and he being no protection should the huge stranger have ill intentions.
“I thank you for your kindness,” the giant said, his voice deep and rumbling, as he tethered his horse to a nearby tree. The animal dipped its head and began to crop at the fresh grass at its feet. He nodded at the haunch of meat roasting on a spit above the fire. “That smells and looks good. I haven't eaten well in days. My belly feels like its pressing against my backbone.”
Cabris noted how the man had paused at the edge of the camp, his one good eye glinting as he took in his surroundings. Here was a careful man who didn’t take unnecessary chances. He studied his guest. He was bigger and more fearsome looking at close quarters, but Cabris could sense no malice in him. 
As big as a mountain bear, his clean-shaved skull gleaming with sweat, a black leather patch covered his left eye-socket. A trio of parallel scars ran from his left temple, down across his left cheek-bone. Cabris judged them to be claw marks, and guessed some kind of beast must have ripped out the eye. A heavy black beard didn't make his aspect look more welcoming.
“Aye, it's a long-horned deer I brought down this morning,” Cabris told his unexpected guest. “There is more than enough to go around, but you are so pigging big, you could likely devour it all in one bite.” He grinned nervously as the giant lowered his frame to the ground with a weary groan, propping his forearm on the trunk of a nearby fallen tree.
Moon regarded his host, tugged out his flask and took a light pull. Shaking it, determining there was a bit left at the bottom, he tossed the flask to Cabris who deftly caught it and took a pull.
“Sayler's tits,” gasped the trader, “strong stuff!”
“Aye,” Moon said, grinning. “I've been saving the last few drops, though it’s been mighty difficult seeing how fond I am of it.” He laughed. “My father...Racvir used to say it rotted a man's head.”
“I can believe that,” Cabris agreed ruefully.
Leaning forward, Moon offered his arm. The two gripped forearms in the traditional greeting. “My name is Moon.” 
“Cabris,” the trader responded.
Locking gaze with his host, Moon didn't relinquish his grip. Cabris licked his lips nervously as he felt the power in the grip. He knew the man could crush every bone in his arm with little effort.
“I don't think you are roasting that deer just for yourself, my friend,” Moon said in a level tone, his voice soft. He glanced at the folded blankets on the ground next to Cabris. “And I don't think a tough old bird like you needs to pad his backside with blankets. I mean no harm to you or yours. You better call your women out from behind the wagon. They must be getting mighty hungry, with the smell wafting to them.” 
Cabris’s heart sank, but he knew he had little choice but to trust his fearsome looking guest. He said a silent prayer to the patron god of travellers that his initial judgement had been correct. “Come on out, Lucia, Sunia,” he called. “Food is about ready.”
Moon looked up as the two girls moved into view. Though he didn't consider himself an expert on such matters, he judged one to be around eighteen summers and the other perhaps fifteen. Both were real beauties with long dark hair and large soft brown eyes. Cabris beckoned them to sit on the blankets next to him. “They take after their mother, thankfully,” he said with a proud smile.
All four sat quietly while the meat cooked. Lucia studied Moon boldly, while the younger Sunia kept her eyes downcast. Moon felt himself reddening under the scrutiny. Lucia was a mightily attractive girl. Used mainly to women who bestowed their favours for coin, he was unsure how to behave among honest women-folk, and was loath to give offence.
Cabris frowned, noting his daughter's bold scrutiny. Rising to his feet, he turned the spit and pierced the joint with a knife. Clear juice ran clear making the fire spit and hiss. “It is ready,” he said, looking at his daughters.
Sunia climbed into the wagon and returned bearing four roughly carved wooden platters, each with a hunk of bread. She placed the platters before the fire. Lucia carved strips from the joint and placed them on the platters. Glancing over her shoulder at Moon, she smiled as she placed a larger serving on one of the plates. Cabris noted the gesture. Though occasionally too bold for her own good, she was a thoughtful girl. An oversized man like their guest, particularly one who had travelled far would have a prodigious appetite.
Nodding his thanks, Moon accepted his platter from Lucia, then set to, wolfing down the contents in no time.
Cabris and his daughters ate at a more sedate pace.
Smiling, Lucia glanced at Moon “There is a lot more, please help yourself.”
Moon nodded his thanks again. Standing up, he walked over to the spit. The fire was out and the meat had cooled down.
Cabris looked up. “We are done,” he told his guest. “Why don't you finish it off?”
Moon grabbed the haunch and returned to his seat. Lifting it to his mouth, he tore at the meat, juice running down into his beard. The girls glanced at him and burst into giggles. He loved the sound of their laughter, and tried to smile at them through a mouthful of succulent deer-meat. All he succeeded in doing was drip more juice down his beard, eliciting more giggles.
Afterward, Lucia and Sunia busied themselves cleaning the platters, then disappeared into the wagon. Moon and Cabris sat back with bellies full.
“So, my friend, you are a long way from home. What brings you to these southern lands?”
Moon belched, wiping grease from his lips with the back of his hand. “I have business in Petralis,” he replied.
“Great city, Petralis. But I hear there is trouble brewing there. Hundreds of people have been fleeing it.”
Moon frowned. “War?”
“No, I don't think so. Something about demons, I have heard.”
“Frigga's tits! Demons? What sort of demons?”
“How would I know my friend? How many types are there? All I know is they are best avoided.”
Moon scratched at his beard, flicking away bits of deer meat tangled in It. “I can't argue with that, but I have no choice, I have to go to Petralis.”
“Horse dung,” Cabris responded “A man always has a choice.”
“There is truth in that, but believe me, Cabris, I have no real choice in this matter.”
Cabris looked closely at the giant but didn't push further.
“I will be grateful if you show me the quickest way to get there. I am not too familiar with these parts,” Moon said.
“Aye, I can do that. But not quite yet. I don't usually encounter good company on the road. I've got a bottle in the wagon. Let's share it and talk some more.”
Moon looked at the older man and grinned. By the Horned god, it was the first time he had ever been accused of being good company. “Aye, that sounds like a good idea my friend.”
Cabris called out. “Sunia, do your old father a favour and toss me that old bottle of wine from the bottom of my chest.”
A short time later, Sunia climbed out of the wagon, and handed her father a deep-green bottle. Popping the cork, Cabris raised the bottle to his nose and sniffed it, breathing deeply. He grinned at Moon. “This was given me by a merchant friend in Petralis. The old liar claimed it was over a hundred years old. I've been saving it for a special occasion such as this!”
“A special occasion such as meeting a bald one-eyed man on the road, who eats all your food,” Moon responded, with a short bark of laughter.
“Aye,” Cabris said, winking at Moon. “It's not every day I share my camp fire with a heathen barbarian from the Northlands!”
Moon laughed again. “I do like you, little man. You make me laugh, and that is something I haven't had much cause to do in a long time.”
Cabris nodded. “It's good for a man to laugh. It cleanses the soul.” Raising the bottle to his lips, he poured some of the contents down his throat, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed. Replacing the cork, he tossed the bottle to his one-eyed guest. Moon caught the bottle, popped the cork and took a tentative sip.
Moon's eyes widened. He took a deeper draught. “Interesting stuff. Goes down smoothly. I've never tasted the like. What is it called?”
Cabris pulled at his earlobe and peered at Moon, his eyes twinkling. “I knew you were a man who would appreciate some of the finer things in life when you rode into my camp.”
The Axeman looked at his drinking companion, deep laughter rumbling in his chest. “Cow dung!” he said. Taking another pull, he replaced the cork and tossed the green bottle back to Cabris.
The older man snared the bottle and held it up to his face. “Cow dung never tasted this good. The merchant called it Amarian Pale I seem to remember.” He put the bottle to his lips and gurgled down more of the contents.
Moon’s eyebrows lifted. “Travelling bard who stops by the settlement now and again, sometimes sings about a mighty axeman from a land far from here. Can’t remember his name...ale and drink used to flow freely during his performances. Said this axeman was fond of a drink called Lansa…Lentza… Red or some like.” 
Cabris grunted, eyeing his guest with bleary eyes. “Maybe, but I’d wager he wasn’t as mighty as you, my friend.”
“Aye, he was likely some overgrown farm boy with a chopping axe who ran off some half-starved raiders,” Moon said with a laugh.
Moon stood, lifted his arms and stretched his back. Walking over to his horse, he unburdened the animal, lifting his saddle, bed-roll, pack, and Widowmaker from its back. Placing the items on the ground, he took a stiff brush from his pack and groomed the stallion, whispering soft words to it.
Cabris sat watching the giant, musing here was a man who clearly loved and appreciated his horse. Too many men simply saw them as animals – beasts of burden to be used and discarded when no longer useful. His eyes wandered to the massive axe on the ground, and he shuddered. The thing looked like it could level mountains. He pitied anyone who made an enemy of the Northman and had to face the fearsome weapon.
Moon looked over his shoulder, catching the direction of his host's gaze. “My people and my enemies – those who still live, call it Widowmaker,” he offered, grinning. “Best weapon I've ever had. Curious thing, the blades never blunt or notch. Took it from a man who tried to take my head with it.”
Cabris shuddered again.
Moon finished grooming the stallion, stowed the brush away, and returned to his place by the fallen tree. Cabris lobbed him the bottle of Amarian Pale. He polished off the contents and sat back. “It is none of my business,” he said, glancing toward the wagon. “I am a stranger in these parts, but surely, it's not safe for an old man to travel alone with his young daughters.”
“Aye, you are right, my friend,” Cabris replied. “The wasting sickness took their mother half a year ago. They usually stay with my sister when I am on the road, but they insisted on accompanying me on this trip. They are the pride and joy of an old man, and I couldn't say no to them. There is danger everywhere these days, what with the talk of demons and such, but luckily I haven't encountered much trouble on these trips.”  Tugging on his earlobe, he grinned at Moon. “At least not until meeting you of course!”
A little while later, his belly full, and pleasantly sedated by the deceptively potent Amarian Pale, Moon’s eyelids gradually got heavier. Stretching on the ground, he fell asleep.
Lucia and Sunia emerged from the wagon and sat by their father.
Sunia looked at the sleeping giant. “Ugh,” she said, wrinkling her nose. “I don't like him, and he smells.”
Lucia shook her head. “He is big and scary, and he does smell, but he is like a friendly old bear. I like him.”
“Hush now girls” Cabris admonished. “He might hear you.” He drew his daughters into a hug. “But you are both right, he does smell a bit,” he whispered, “and he is as big as a bear. Bears may look soft and friendly, but when riled, are ferocious and deadly. I wouldn't want to rile such a man”
 
*******
 
Moon's eyes opened to the sound of movement around him. It took him a short while to remember where he was. Cabris and his daughters were preparing to leave, the trader hitching their two sway-backed mares to the wagon, while his girls were stowing various items.
The Axeman got to his feet. Groaning, he bent side-to-side to ease the stiffness in his back.
Finishing his task, Cabris ambled across. “Ah, I see you are awake my friend,” he said, grinning. “That wine has a habit of doing that if you are not used to it.”
Moon grunted, shaking his head and rubbing his gritty eyes. Trudging to the stallion, he replaced his saddle, bedroll, and pack before slipping Widowmaker into its holster. When he swung back to Cabris. Lucia and Sunia were standing alongside their father.
“My gratitude to you and your daughters for your hospitality.” The words sounded strange in his ears, for he hadn't had much cause to thank anyone for anything before. Glancing at the girls, he bowed awkwardly. He seemed to remember hearing somewhere that was the custom in polite society. “Be good and look after your father. I hope you find good strong men, when the time comes for you to knot the bridle. Tell them if they are cruel or beat you, old Moon will come around and crack their skulls.” Lucia smiled, eyes bright and flashing, while Sunia blushed and giggled.
Moon swung onto the stallion and with a final nod to Cabris, rode southward.
Three days later, the Axeman crested a rise and looked down at the vista that lay before him. The land spread as far as he could see in a series of green-flanked hills studded with trees. Beyond the hills, the thin ribbon of a river wound its way southwest. 
Pausing on the rise, he once again marvelled at the beauty of the country. He mused if his experience with Cabris and his daughters was anything to go by, such a beautiful land must create people of like nature. People quick to extend kindness to strangers. It was in stark contrast to the people of the Northlands, where strangers were viewed with suspicion and a wise man kept his sword or axe to hand.
On the other hand, thought Moon, perhaps Cabris was a rare man, one of a kind who trusted in the goodwill of his fellow man. He had liked the little man and felt at ease in his company. That was a new experience for him. Perhaps the land was working its magic on him too.
Cabris had told him to follow the river south-west until he saw a thick forest to the north. The older man had called this the Lysand woods. The town of Lysalis was on the south bank of the river. To the north of Lysalis was a hill dominated by an abandoned fortress. According to Cabris, it was the site of a great battle fought many years ago, and was haunted by the shades of the slain. Petralis lay a few day’s journey to the south.
Moon picked his way down the rise. The ground underfoot was loose shale, making the going slow. As they wound their way between the hills, Moon had to be wary that the stallion didn't break a leg by stepping into one of the many burrows of small animals that dotted the trail.
The Axeman dismounted upon reaching the river. The stallion dipped its head to drink. Moon on a sudden whim, stripped off his jerkin and trews and plunged into the water. After splashing about and washing the grime from his body, he stepped back onto the bank. He grimaced as he looked down on his pale body, then stretched out on the grassy bank, allowing the hot sun to dry him.
 
The Ghost Fortress
 
 
Masrel the blacksmith twisted in his seat and looked down the long column that stretched back as far as he could see. The sad sight was made up of men and women old and young, and children; some on foot and others squeezed on wagons and carts piled high with belongings 
Masrel wasn't a happy man. Somehow, he had been chosen leader of the convoy fleeing the terror of the Gualich. It didn't sit easy with him having all that responsibility. He glanced at the woman perched next to him on the wagon's uncomfortable seat. His wife Sula, a thin hatchet-faced woman kept her eyes fixed ahead.
Muttering an obscenity under his breath, he wondered how he had got himself in this situation. He had begun to question what he had seen at Petras Park. Perhaps Casca had imbibed too much of his own wares with all this talk about demons coming to drink their souls. Could be they had been nothing but wild dogs after all.
And here he was on a wagon with his wife and two children, and as much of his worldly possessions he could pack, fleeing to the mountains. He cursed again. His mistress, Lorell, sat on the other side of him. She had no one else, and he hadn't been able to bring himself to leave her behind. 
Sula had poured scorn on all the talk of demons and didn't see the sense in leaving her home and belongings for an uncertain future in the mountains. Her ire had deepened when he told her Lorell would be coming with them. He had surprised himself at his insistence, for her sharp tongue had always shrivelled him.
Now, he was doubting the wisdom of his actions. He glanced at Lorell. Like Sula, she ignored him, keeping her gaze to the front. Sayler's tits, he thought, now neither of them would even acknowledge him. 
He’d had to put up with their icy silence since they left Petralis. Glancing at Lorell again, he couldn't help but admire the lines of her face; the pert upturned nose, flashing dark eyes and full lips. He felt a faint stirring in his groin. Sayler's tits, man, he chided himself, get a hold of yourself!
The convoy was making painfully slow process. It could only go as fast as its slowest member, and Masrel was determined none would be left behind. Someone rode up to him. It was Kalas the tracker. “I think we need to stop soon,” he said, wiping sweat from his brow. “The old ones and children are tired and need to rest. There is an abandoned fortress not too far ahead. It is an ideal place to stop for a spell.”
Masrel nodded. “Aye, we could all do with a rest. The heavens know I would love to get off this pigging wagon and ease my sore backside. Why don't you ride back and pass word we’ll be stopping soon.
Kalas grimaced in sympathy. “My backside don't feel too good neither. It's been a while since I've spent so long in the saddle. Reckon I'll be walking bow-legged for a month.” Wheeling his mount around, he rode back along the column to pass on the message.
 
*******
 
Moon rode up the incline, studying the ruins of the fortress that once occupied the brow of the hill. What remained of a wall, jutting up like broken teeth encircled the brow. The remains of guard-towers rose from less damaged sections of the wall. Riding under an arch, the Axeman craned his neck, looking up at the structure of time-eroded stone rearing high above him.
Beyond the wall was a flat expanse of ground littered with the detritus of time. Stone blocks that had once made up the rearing battlements, lay strewn about as if flung in reckless abandon from a giant's hand. Here and there, Moon could see rusted iron helms of curious design, broken spears and rust-pitted swords.
On the far side, the ruins of low walls and empty doorways, suggested what were once barracks that housed the men who had fought and died in this now derelict fortress. In the centre stood what was once the mighty Keep, its walls now splintered and sundered.
Moon dismounted, tethered the stallion, and wandered over to the Keep. Stepping inside, he saw steps hugging a wall leading up to the battlements. Picking his way through the debris, he walked up to the steps. 
Peering up, Moon decided to climb up to the battlements. It would afford him a panoramic view of the surrounding countryside. He proceeded up, gingerly testing each step before placing his full weight on it. He knew he was taking a risk as the whole structure could collapse under his prodigious weight. He had to hurdle several sections where the steps had collapsed, and daylight gaped where sections of the wall were missing.
Reaching the top, he stepped onto the crenelated battlements. Treading carefully, lest the floor underfoot gave way, he moved along it. The view was breath-taking. Beyond the river to the north, was the green expanse of the Lysand woods. He could see the rolling green hills he had traversed earlier, and way in the distance he could make out the snow-covered peaks of his homeland.
The land to the south was relatively flat. He saw a slow-moving column of people moving in his direction. Some distance behind them were what appeared to be dogs or wolves, and men moving with great speed. They seemed to be chasing the column.
Moon’s eyes narrowed as he leaned forward to look closer. He didn't think wolves or dogs grew to that size. Even the great shaggy white wolves of the Northir Mountains were small in comparison to these beasts, and he had never known wolves to chase a large column of people. And what he had first thought were men moved like no men he had seen before.
A shiver ran down the back of Moon's neck. There was strange work at play here. Though he hadn't paid much credence at the time, he remembered Cabris’s talk about demons plaguing Petralis. The convoy was coming from the direction of the city. He mouthed an obscenity, for they were moving toward him.
It appeared they were unaware of their pursuers for they hadn't sped up. Maybe he should sit tight and simply observe what transpired next from his eyrie. He had no desire to tangle with demons.
He mouthed another obscenity. It didn't sit well with him to simply do nothing and observe the slaughter. And there were likely women and children with the convoy.
Standing to his full height, he waved his arms, yelling loudly, hoping to catch their attention.
Just when he thought his attempts were in vain, he saw a man in the lead wagon point in his direction.
 
*******
 
Masrel scanned the jumble of broken stone and rock atop the hill that was their destination. He drew a sharp intake of breath as his eyes focused on a figure atop an ancient battlement waving his arms furiously. Nudging Sula in the ribs, he pointed at the figure, asking if she saw what he did.
The sour-faced woman glared at him, then squinted at the hill top. “Yes, I can see it,” she confirmed. “Who do you think it is?”
“How in the seven hells should I know, woman?” Masrel snapped.
Lorell, on his other side had also followed his pointing hand.
“I can see it too,” she offered. “Who do you think it is?”
Masrel rolled his eyes. Women asked the most stupid questions.
Focusing his gaze, Masrel saw the figure was gesturing at the rear of the column. Fragments of words floated down to him. “...behind you...run...”
Bemused, Masrel leaned out of his seat, and looked back along the straggling line of people. Just then he heard screams and shouts coming from the rear.
Kalas and some members of the city guard came riding up.
“Demons!” Kalas cried, his eyes wide with fear. “They've followed us from Petralis!”
Masrel looked around feverishly, his mind in turmoil. Then he noticed everyone was looking at him for answers.
The sounds of panic intensified and the column started bunching, as those at the rear pushed forward in fear.
Taking a deep breath, Masrel reached across and grabbed Kalas by the arm.
“Take your riders back, as far as you think safe. Tell the people to run for the fortress on the hill. We will make our stand there. Help those you can – the women, children, old ones. Get them to throw out their possessions so the wagons can move faster. Hurry now, man!”
Kalas wheeled his horse around, and with his riders in tow thundered back down the column. Masrel turned to Sula and Lorell. Their faces were pale with fear. “Get in the back,” he barked. “Calm the children and throw out everything that will slow us down!”
The women scrambled to obey.
All along the column, prized possessions that had defined people's lives, were hurled out of wagons and carts.
Masrel cracked his whip, his horses surged against their traces and the wagon lurched forward, picking up speed. Further back, some had unhitched their horses from wagons and carts, and these sped past him, some riding double.
The fleeing people sped up the incline leading to the derelict fortress. As they dashed through the gaps in the ruined wall, they were confronted by a shaven-skulled, one-eyed, black-bearded giant bearing a fearsome axe.
Masrel leapt from his wagon and warily approached the giant. Beleth's balls, he thought, the evil looking whoreson looks worse than the pigging demons chasing us.
Chin jutting, Masrel looked up into a scarred face. “T'was you up on the battlements, warning us?” 
“Aye,” the Axeman grunted, his single eye gleaming with a feral light. A black leather patch covered the empty socket that once housed his left eye.
The grim-faced giant glanced at the people streaming through the wall.
“You best get the women, children and old ones over there,” he said, pointing at the shell of the barracks. “Do you have any fighting men with you? Looks like we’ll be cracking demon skulls this fine sunny day.”
Kalas rode up. “We have fighting men. We fought some of these devil-hounds back in Petralis.”
He turned to a couple of his riders. “You two help get those who cannot fight into the barracks yonder. The rest of you, get your bows and line up behind the wall. Aim for their pigging throats. Remember, your shafts will merely bounce off their heads or hides. Raising his voice, he addressed the other men. “Those of you who have bows, get them!”
He looked at Moon. “I don't think your axe will be any good. Their pigging hides are too tough.”
“You think so old man?” Moon replied with a short bark of laughter, twirling the huge axe single-handed, the black blades singing in the air.
The men took their places behind the wall. Those positioned by the Axeman cast sidelong glances at him, perplexed as to who he was and where he had come from. Moon looked at them and grinned, swinging the axe side-to-side to loosen his shoulders 
“Move along a bit, my boys, give me some fighting room. I wouldn't want old Widowmaker here, to accidentally caress you when the fun starts. Glancing at the wicked blades, they shuddered and sidled away.
Kalas, a short distance along, smiled grimly. Now that was a fighting man after his own heart. Maybe, they would survive this day after all.
 
*******  
.
Claw-hand tightened his grip on his victims' throats and hoisted them in the air, their feet scrabbling futilely. His eyes glowed a lambent yellow as he locked gazes with them. He held a slender fair-haired woman in one hand, and a portly middle-aged man in the other.
He shuddered with delight as he felt their life essence flow through him. Breathing deeply, he felt his lungs expand. The air tasted so good. He felt his sinews swell. It was a joy to be really alive again, and watching the light of life dim in his preys’ eyes was exquisite. Oh, he had missed this so much in the aeons of non-life he had been forced to endure in the cold desolate world of the Gualich.
He could hear and feel his brother and the Bahktak feeding. Bones crunching, and the pitiful screams of the frail human-creatures. His nerve-endings tingled exquisitely as more stolen life essence flowed into him.
He opened his fingers and two bundles of clothes and bones fell to the ground.
The humans were fleeing, but they wouldn't get far. With their Bahktak ranging ahead, he and his brother, Gorger, moved after them. Gorger as usual took the lead. He had a prodigious appetite.
Claw-hand could see the humans take shelter behind a shattered wall on a hill. As he neared, a volley of arrows tore into the Bahktak. The shafts bounced off skulls and hides, but a few struck home in throats, bringing the hounds down.
Then he saw something that made him blink in surprise.
A huge figure wielding a massive black axe stepped out. A Bahktak leapt at his throat. The axeman's hand snapped out, fingers closing around the beast's throat. A swift wrench, and the hound's head lolled to one side, its neck broken. Flinging the body aside, the axe in his other hand sang through the air, the fading sunlight reflecting dully off its black surface. The blades sheared through the neck of another Bahktak, the follow-through disembowelling another.
Moon moved in front of the wall. Four of the demon-hounds leapt at him. Two arrows skewered one in the throat. Its killing spring curtailed, it slid on the ground, front legs splayed, ploughing deep furrows in the hard-packed earth.
Moon twisted and ducked. A beast sailed over his head and rolled on the ground in a flurry of limbs.
A spiked tail swung at Moon’s head. He barely swayed aside quickly enough, the spike missing his face by a hand’s breadth. Grunting with the effort, he flicked his wrist, slicing his axe through the flailing appendage. 
The hound yowled in pain as yellow blood splattered the Axeman's face. The yelp was cut off as Moon reversed the axe's motion into a vicious downward diagonal cut that splintered the beast's spine.
The other hound regained its balance, and together with the other surviving beast circled the Axeman, drooling jaws chomping. Moon stood, poised on the balls of his feet, breathing evenly with his axe held loosely across his chest. 
“C’mon, you flea-bitten evil whoresons,” he hissed through his teeth. A shaft sang out, the lucky shot piercing one of the Bahktak through the eye. The beast yowled, leaping high in the air in its agony, then fell to the ground.
The survivor bunched its muscles and sprang at the giant's throat. Moon timed the beast's leap perfectly. Widowmaker swept out in a powerful horizontal cut, the blades shearing through the demon-beast's breastbone and exiting its back in a welter of yellow blood and bone splinters. Its two halves tumbled to the ground.
All was silent for a few heartbeats. Moon stood, axe blades dripping yellow ichor, his mighty chest rising and falling as he sucked in air.
A ragged cheer came from behind the wall.
The cheers were cut off as a nauseating stench swept over the men. A few gagged as the bodies of the Bahktak decomposed into mounds of writhing maggots.
Moon staggered back, his hand over his nose.
But the besieged humans had more than a bad smell to worry about.
“What in the seven hells are they?” Masrel croaked, a tremor in his voice, as two huge yellow-eyed figures appeared before the wall.
“I think they control the hounds.” Kalas’s eyes were wide with fear. “They were there when we were attacked after tracking them to Arnath.”
Some of the men notched arrows, and let fly. Their shafts splintered in the air and fell to the ground before hitting their intended targets.
The Suanggi fixed vertically slitted ochre eyes on the Axeman.
Moon felt the deep cold radiating from them. Their evil hit him like a wall he could almost push against. His limbs began to shake; a mixture of fear and the chill. He took a step backward.
The nearer one, a creature of enormous girth, drew a dull-red serrated sword and moved toward him. It seemed to float through the air with a dreadful sinuous grace.
“You fight well human,” its voice, like the toll of doom, echoed painfully in Moon's head. “But you cannot stand against me. I am going cut off your arms and legs, then feed on your succulent soul a bit at a time...slowly.”
Moon stopped and braced his feet, a cold anger rising. No one mocked him, man or demon. He hoisted Widowmaker high.
“Come on, you lizard-eyed whoreson,” he growled. “I know not from which of the six hells you come from, but I will cut your pigging head from your pigging shoulders.”
Claw-hand, standing back, watched with a rising sense of unease. Something about the big human concerned him, and that black axe reminded him of a similar weapon from long ago.
Gorger darted forward with bewildering speed that defied his bulk, his blade licking out. Despite his misgivings, Claw-hand expected to see the human fall. 
He was wrong. 
The black-bladed axe flashed out and he saw Gorger's head spin high in the air before hitting the ground with a wet thump.
Gorger had never been the brightest, thought Claw-hand. He was slave to his insatiable appetite. It made him act without forethought. His inability to sense danger had finally cost him his life.
Moon watched the other Suanggi approach, serrated weapon drawn.
This one was also big, but not running to fat like the other. It was almost as big as the Axeman. Its hands were the largest Moon had ever seen.
Dark Nordir eye locked with slitted ochre-hued orbs.
This time, the yellow eyes were not mocking.
“You are strong, human,” came the demon’s voice, reverberating eerily in the Axeman's skull. “I too was once a mighty warrior like you, before I joined with the Masters. I would know your name before I drink your soul. You deserve that honour, for you are not like those sheep cowering behind the wall with their guts like water.”
Moon’s fingers flexed on Widowmaker’s haft. He had no wish to enter into a discussion with a yellow-eyed demon intent on drinking his soul.
The creature was fast. Blindingly fast. Before Moon could blink, the serrated sword was swinging at his head. Had he waited to react to the Suanggi's movement, his skull would have been splintered by the dull-red blade. But something within him - an instinct, had made him raise Widowmaker even as the demon's words were fading away.
The sword sprang off the axe's black blades with a clang that echoed through the air, hurting the ears of the men watching with bated breath.
Moon lashed out with his right leg, his foot impacting with Claw-hand’s midriff, sending the soul-drinker sprawling on the ground. Widowmaker chopped down, but Claw-hand rolled away regaining his feet smoothly.
Man and demon sprang at each other, their weapons ringing together time and again. Moon's breath rasped in his throat. Never before had he met a foe who could match his strength. A hand lanced at his face, razor-sharp claws, the length of daggers, shooting from finger-sheaths. Moon rocked back, the claws scantly missing his good eye. He powered a left hook that slammed off his opponent's temple.
It was like hitting a stone wall, but the demon staggered and dropped to one knee.
Grunting, spittle spraying through his clenched teeth, Moon swept Widowmaker out in a vicious reverse stroke, but the creature deflected the strike. It hacked at the Axeman's legs, forcing him to jump back.
The Suanggi regained its feet and they circled each other looking for openings.
Those who had taken shelter in the disused barracks had joined the fighting men behind the wall. They all stood watching the duel unfolding before them.
None could quite believe what they were witnessing. Here was a man of flesh and blood locked in single combat with a devourer of souls banished from the world over a thousand years ago.
It was something none would ever forget. A tale to tell their children, and if lucky, their grandchildren, when they were old and sullied, and near-ready to take the long journey to the halls of the dead.
Those who were not there would later claim they were amongst those watching from behind the wall of the ghost fortress in the gathering gloom. Bards and chroniclers would sing songs and weave magic words of the day the giant warrior from the icy northern mountains, locked sinews with the soul-eating demon from lost antiquity.
But Moon was tiring. The soul-searing cold coming from the Suanggi was sapping his strength.
The red sword lanced into the fleshy part of the Axeman's right shoulder. Widowmaker dropped to the ground as his fingers spasmed open.
Claw-hand sensed the end was near. He too was almost at the limit of his strength. The human's strength and endurance had shocked him.
He dropped his sword and reached for Moon's throat, his claws snapping from their sheaths. It would be an unparalleled joy to devour the soul of a man so mighty.
Moon's hands shot out, closing on Claw-hand's wrists like steel traps. Both stood locked together, straining and pushing. 
The muscles on Moon's shoulders and arms writhed like the alabaster coils of a snow-python. The veins on his bull-neck pulsed and strained, fit to burst asunder beneath his skin. His eye, burning with undimmed battle lust, and the unquenched belief his soul would not fall prey to the soul-drinker, glared defiantly into the yellow-orbs before him.
Claw-hand felt a momentary doubt.
Moon sensed his opportunity.
He stopped straining against his opponent's strength. Relaxing, he yanked Claw-hand forward, using the demon’s weight and momentum against it.
Caught off balance, Claw-hand lurched forward, right onto the Axeman's lowered head.
The top of Moon's forehead hit the Suanggi sickeningly between those ochre eyes. The Axeman felt bone crunch.
The Suanggi sagged.
Quick as a flash, Moon twisted, flinging himself on the demon's back. His right forearm whipped around its neck with his left arm levering it in. Wrapping his legs around the demon’s waist, he bore it to the ground. He crossed his ankles and cinched his grip.
With the Axeman's mightily muscled forearm crushing his windpipe, and tree-trunk-like legs squeezing his ribs, Claw-hand was immobilized.
The Suanggi heaved, writhed, and struggled. The numbing cold lanced the Axeman with tongues of icy fire, threatening to freeze his marrow.
But was he not Nordir, from the frozen high peaks? A little chill meant nothing to him. Breath and spittle frothing his lips, he held on like grim death, applying crushing pressure.
The precious air Claw-hand had so delighted in tasting, denied him, he grew weaker. Lights danced before his eyes. Blackness closed in. The inconceivable was happening. He was dying, and there was little he could do about it. It was so unfair. His new lifespan had been so brief...
Moon jerked, once, twice. The Suanggi's bones cracked like dry twigs, the sound loud and clear to the watchers.
Moon rolled away from the limp body. He remained on his hands and knees for a good while, his head swimming as he took in huge gulps of air.
None behind the wall moved or uttered a word. Each knew they had been afforded a rare privilege, for nothing they would ever do or see in the future would likely come close to matching this experience.
The Axeman pushed himself up, retrieved his axe, and staggered to the wall, his legs threatening to betray him with each step.
Some of the men stepped out to help him, but he angrily shrugged them off.
“Whist!” he growled. “The day I can't walk unaided on my own two feet is the day I make the long journey to the halls of the dead.”
Reaching Masrel and Kalas, he slumped heavily on the ground, leaning back against the wall. “Sutr's horns,” he croaked. “My throat feels like it’s on fire. Any of you sheep shaggers got anything to drink?”
Masrel ran to his wagon, and returned with a leather-bound flask.
The Axeman grabbed it, thumbed off the stopper and tilted the contents down his throat.
Flinging the empty flask aside, he looked around.
A large crowd of people had gathered, all gawking at him in awe. Some of the women had tears in their eyes.
Two women, one holding a fair-haired child by the hand, pushed through the throng and came up to him. Moon looked up at them. Both had short dark hair and haunted eyes rimmed with fatigue. Moon judged them to be sisters.
“I am Parsis,” the first said. She glanced at the younger looking one. “And this is my sister Loretta. Those demons killed our brother Toran.” She placed her hand on the child's shoulder. “This is Alia, Toran's daughter. We want to thank you for what you have done. You saved us all.”
The child ran up and threw her arms around the Axeman’s neck.
Moon sat, dumbstruck. He awkwardly patted the child on the head, looking up at the sisters for help.
The child, Alia, ran back to her aunts, tears streaming down her face. Loretta knelt, swept her up in her arms, and stroked her back, whispering soft words of comfort.
Both women walked away, Parsis favouring Moon with one last smile as she looked over her shoulder.
The throng of people eventually dispersed. Moon was relieved. Uncomfortable with the attention, all he wanted to do was shut his eyes and rest. He was bone weary, and every sinew and muscle ached. He felt like his soul had retreated deep within him, to a place cool and comforting, as it sought surcease and time to heal.
Sutr's balls, he thought, shuddering at the memory. He had come close to dying out there. He had felt those awful yellow eyes sucking his soul from his body, the agony, indescribable. The inhuman strength of the demon had almost overwhelmed him.
He shook his head, driving away his gloomy reverie. His grim Nordir gods had given him the strength and will to face his enemies. Man, beast, or demon it mattered not. And he had stood his ground and conquered.
He thought of the feel of the child's arms around him, the wet of her tears on his face. That had made him feel good. And it was good to be alive.
His spirit lifted, he pushed to his feet and wandered over to the well he had spied earlier. He hoped there was still water in it. He could feel demon blood drying on his face and body. He shuddered in revulsion.
 
*******
 
With darkness falling, Masrel and Kalas felt it best to spend the night at the fortress, ghosts or not. It had been a harrowing day.
Cooking fires were lit. Wives, mothers and sisters got busy, and the appetising scent of stews and roasting meat soon filled the air.
Kalas joined Masrel in front of his wagon, while Sula and Lorell prepared the ingredients for a stew. Sula peeling and chopping onions, potatoes and parsnips, while Lorell skinned, gutted and filleted four large rabbits Kalas had brought down with a sling earlier in the day.
Kalas passed Masrel a jug. The blacksmith’s eyes flitted to Sula and Lorell as he drank. The two women, heads together in earnest conversation appeared like two old friends, or sisters, doing what women did best – gossiping. His brow darkened. It was likely he was the subject of their whispering.
Kalas, noting the direction of the other's gaze, chuckled as he reached for the jug. “Aye, the likes of us will never understand women. Look at them, they are the best of friends now.”
Masrel grunted an obscenity.
Kalas laughed. “Looks like you've got two women on your hands. Beleth's stones, man, I don't know if the fates have blessed or cursed you.”
Masrel shook his head, letting out a long sigh.
Kalas laughed again, spluttering as the wine slid down the wrong way.
Masrel glared at the ageing tracker. “I don't know what you are laughing at, you old goat. My life is ruined. Two women and two wailing snot-nosed brats. They'll be the death of me.”
Choking back more mirth, Kalas looked at the burly blacksmith. “Well, a man goes looking for trouble, he’ll find it.” He glanced at Lorell. “Can't say I blame you though, she is a fine-looking woman. But you being a married man an’ all with two children, maybe you should have left her for the likes of virile young men like me.”
Masrel guffawed, his good humour restored. “Sayler's tits, man, you are so ancient, you wouldn't know what to do with it!”
The men's loud laughter drew disapproving looks from both women.
Masrel shook his head in resignation. “There it is. They can sit there sharing long tales about me, but us men, who have to go out hunting, or slave over a hot forge to provide for them, can't have our bit of fun.”
Kalas glanced over to where Moon sat, his back against the wall. He had seen the woman, Parsis place a blanket over him. His massive axe lying next to him, the man was snoring softly. “Who is he?” he asked, looking back at Masrel.
The blacksmith shrugged. “Mithros knows. He was already here. He tried to warn us about the demons. I saw him on the battlements waving his arms about.”
Kalas grunted, rubbing at his sleep-deprived eyes. “Never seen a man that big before. Cow shagger is the size of a small mountain!”
“Aye, did you see the way he snapped that beast's neck with one hand?”
“And how he sliced off that pigging demon's head?” Kalas added. “I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. Did you hear that demon's bones snap?”
“Aye. Mithros must have favoured us. We wouldn't have made it without the stranger. Those things would have killed us all.”
Kalas responded with a string of obscenities, before concluding. “A pox on Mithros. If he truly favoured us we wouldn't have been driven out of our homes by a bunch of soul-drinking demons!”
“Hush, man,” Masrel cautioned. “It brings nothing but bad luck and ill tidings to curse the gods.”
Kalas's only response was a snort of derision.
Moon stirred, coming awake slowly. His back hurt and his shoulder was stiff. He stood up with a groan, stretching his back and lifting his arms over his head.
Lowering his arms, he ran his hand over the top of his right shoulder. He remembered the demon's blade cutting him. He felt some pain, but the cut appeared to be healing. Wounds and cuts he had suffered over the years always sealed themselves and healed rapidly. He had no idea how, but he wasn't complaining. He wondered why the growth in his head, as old Hjotra had called it, wasn't healing though. 
Dismissing the matter from his mind, he looked around. The courtyard was dotted with camp fires set before wagons and carts of every description. Men, women, children and families sat before them.
The aromatic smell of cooking stew reminded him how hungry he was. Casting a look around, his saw the tough looking old man he had spoken to earlier sitting in front of a fire with the leader of the convoy. Both men looked up as he approached and beckoned him to join them.
As he sat down, a dark-haired woman placed a large wooden bowl of a wonderfully smelling stew in his hands. Looking up at her, he nodded his thanks as she handed him a roughly carved wooden spoon.
The three men were joined by another woman together with two children, a boy and a girl Moon judged between eight and ten summers.
Moon set to. The taste was glorious, the best rabbit stew he had ever had. The blend of wild onions, potatoes, and an unfamiliar slightly fibrous vegetable, gave it a wonderful flavour. All was quiet except for the sound of slurping, and spoons scrapping platters. After the travails of the day, it was clear all were enjoying the repast as much as Moon was.
The meal finished, the women cleared the platters away and ushered the children back to the wagon. Returning to the fire, they sat and shared a jug of wine with the men.
Introductions were made. Moon noticed a slight hesitation when it came to the dark-haired woman. He caught the eye of Kalas, who gave a sly, knowing wink.
Relaxed, and belly pleasantly full, Moon leaned back on his elbows. He looked up at his hosts. “What in the six hells were those pigging things?”
Masrel scratched at an itch in an armpit, then leaned forward to spit in the fire. The fire hissed briefly. “If all is to be believed, they were soul-drinking demons awakened after a thousand years.”
Moon looked at him doubtfully. Shaking his head, he puffed out his cheeks. “Sutr's eyes, man. If I hadn't seen them, and slain a couple myself, I would call you a liar who has lost his mind.”
Kalas nodded ruefully. “I know, my friend. Even after all I have seen, I still find it hard to believe.”
“Where have you come from, and why were they chasing you?” Moon asked.
“The pigging things chased us all the way from Petralis.”
“Sutr's eyes,” the Axeman whispered. “Petralis. A traveller I met earlier said something about demons in Petralis. That's where I am headed.”
“Why man?” Masrel asked. “Most have fled the city.”
Moon was silent for a while before answering. “Been getting these headaches. The pain near drove me crazy. Witch-woman back home told me I had some kind of growth in my head that was killing me. Said I would find answers in Petralis. The Horned god knows how long I have been travelling.”
Sula looked at the Axeman sympathetically. “I have heard of such before but have never heard of a cure.”
Masrel glanced at Sula, eyebrows raised in surprise. She usually wasn't one to talk to strangers. “And Petralis isn't renowned for its healers.” he added.
Moon shrugged. “I never liked the evil bitch, or trusted her. Ugly as sin, with a mole the size of my fist on her face! But demons or not, my path is set.” He paused, running his hand over his head. It felt stubbly. It was almost time to take a razor to it again. “I am not a man who believes in fate and such, but a whisper in my mind tells me I must go to Petralis. And by the six hells, I have come this far, so I might as well finish the journey.”
 
 
Desolation
 
 
It was a cold, cold distant world. The distance impossible to measure. Perhaps merely a few heartbeats away if reached through a portal or gateway, or maybe a hundred lifetimes beyond the stars.
A mist stirred in a frigid cavern deep beneath the surface of this close-distant world. Coal-red eyes blinking within the swirling mist betrayed the presence of life. If life, it could be called, for it was an abomination that shouldn't exist. An insult to life itself.
Beleth had existed in this form in the aeons since he and his brothers were driven from Tor-Arnath. They once had the power to take any physical form they wished, limited only by their imaginations. But, deprived of the sustenance provided by human souls, they had been reduced to a pathetic semi-sentient existence.
They had wasted precious energy seeking gateways to other worlds of sentient beings whose soul-fire they could feed on. They had found none.
Then Beleth had felt a tendril of soul-fire. He traced it back to the gateway leading to the human world. The barrier that had long denied them ingress was failing.
He and his brothers waited, patiently probing the obstacle. In time, a larger breach appeared. Beleth sent Herald through, then other Suanggi and their Bahktak followed. Soon, sustenance flowed back through the portal. He and his brothers grew stronger.
The mist rippled and those eyes glowed that little bit brighter as Beleth felt a strong jolt of energy. If this continued, he would soon be strong enough to force his way through the portal.
He felt another jolt, but this wasn't the pleasant surge of sustenance. It was the abrupt severance of his link to two Suanggi.
A susurration of anger vibrated through the cavern. This could only mean there were still human-creatures powerful enough to oppose their return. All he could do was send more Suanggi through and hope enough survived to send back the precious life essence.
The mist seethed and roiled as Beleth vented his impotent rage and frustration.
 
*******
 
Moon reined in the stallion and looked down at the town he assumed was Lysalis. He had left the refugees earlier that morning as they got set to resume their journey northward. Masrel had told him to seek a man called Casca, at the Philosopher's Folly tavern once he got to Petralis.
Set on a flat expanse of land, the town he now gazed upon was surrounded by green fields, with the river to the north. A road ran through the centre, with buildings on either side. Scanning the town, he could detect no signs of life except for the black mass of carrion birds circling it.
Steeling himself for what he would find, Moon heeled the stallion down the hill, and approached the town.
A hot sun blazed down from a cloudless sky, and what would otherwise have been a welcome cooling breeze blew from the south west. But all it brought was the stench of rotting bodies.
A deep gloom settled on Moon as he rode slowly down Lysalis’s main thoroughfare. Bodies of men, women and children were strewn everywhere. Some had crushed skulls and others no heads at all.
He could visualize the demon-hounds leaping and clamping huge jaws on the heads of the helpless townspeople. Dismounting, he examined some of the bodies. The hounds had sucked up and fed on the brains, and left the rest to rot and the tender mercies of carrion birds and scavengers.
Thinking it inconceivable that all the inhabitants of such a large settlement could be dead, he took time to ride through the town, occasionally calling out, hoping to find survivors. Deathly silence greeted him. Apart from headless bloated corpses, all he found were countless mounds of clothes discarded on the ground. Poking a couple with his foot, he found they covered piles of human bones.
He pushed open the door of a small dwelling at the far edge of the town. Stepping in, he saw two mounds in the main room. One was obviously male, and the other, female clothing. An old sword lay on the floor nearby. Moon nudged one of the mounds with a foot. The clothes fell clear to reveal a pile of whitened bones. He mouthed a curse as he stepped back.
Pushing open the door to another room he found three smaller mounds. Clearly children, their parents must have tried to hide them from the demons. The discarded sword must have belonged to the father who tried valiantly to protect his wife and children.
With heavy heart, Moon left the dwelling. He walked down the path that bisected a well-tended garden with yellow and blue blooming flowers. The small gate at the head of the path creaked on rusty hinges as he pushed it open. He stepped back onto the road and stopped.
Looking around, all he could see was death and desolation. Death came to everyone, but it shouldn't be in this manner. This had been a peaceful town set in tranquil surroundings. A town of families and happy children playing in the fields. Then the demons had descended on them.
Moon couldn't remember ever seeing such a sad sight. He knew it would stay with him for a long time.
He wished he could do something. Light a funeral pyre to aid the departed on their way. But that was impossible as there were so many dead.
He trudged back to where he had tethered his horse. Climbing into the saddle, he touched heels to the stallion and rode south toward Petralis.
 
The Isle of Kandros
 
 
Liang was getting bored. She had been aboard the Mingzhu about forty days, and Captain Tao-Lin had told her they were still another thirty from Petralis.
The encounter with the pirates had provided a welcome distraction. But that had been twenty days earlier, and the days since had been of unremitting tedium.
The initial excitement of being aboard ship for the first time, and the joys of experiencing a storm at sea had long worn off. Spending so much time in a confined space was driving her mad and made her restless.
Fortunately, she had brought some parchment and her painting materials with her, and had managed to paint some spectacular sunsets and sunrises at sea.
At other times, she practised sword and empty-hand drills on a cleared space on deck. Sometimes the captain of Xiang Tse's warriors joined her, and they went through the moves of the White crane, Slumbering dragon, and others.
When they shadow-fought or practised with swords, Liang found she had to ease off lest she inadvertently hurt the man. He was skilled far above the average, but still nowhere near her level.
And the more she used the Stormblades, the more they felt a part of her. She began to wonder what her ancestor Kyung-Su, had been like. She had been the first to bear the Stormblades and used them to help defeat the evil of what her uncle had called the Gualich soul eaters, over a thousand years ago. But that was all she knew about her.
What did she look like? What had she been like? She was a fierce warrior without parallel, but was she also kind and gentle when needed? Was she a woman of great passions who loved fiercely? And how did she die?
Then the dreams began.
She saw a tall woman with long black hair and eyes like storm clouds, surrounded by a pack of huge, bone-white hounds with long barbed tails. The creatures rushed in, and it seemed they would overwhelm her. Lightning jagged overhead as the woman drew two blue-hued blades. In a blur of motion, she cut, slashed, and spun. The beasts lay dead at her feet, the bodies swiftly decomposing into writhing, fat yellow maggots.
She saw the same woman locked in combat with a huge man wielding a great double-handed broadsword. The man roared fierce battle cries as the sword hammered down with immense force, and it appeared she would fall before the raw elemental fury of the giant. The woman met him chest-to-chest, her slender blades deflecting and blocking. Ducking under a wild slash, one of her swords licked out, lightly caressing her opponent's inner thigh. The giant clutched at his leg and fell to his knees, the great artery pumping out his lifeblood.
The scene changed. The woman was locked in an embrace with a powerfully muscled dark-skinned man. She cried out again and again, as she rode on the currents of ecstasy.
Sometimes Liang felt she and the woman were one. She was fighting the hounds and the huge warrior, and making love to the dark-skinned man.
That frightened Liang, for it felt she was losing herself, losing the essence of her being, her identity, and becoming the woman.
The woman also frightened Liang. She knew it was Kyung-Su, her forebear. But there was something dark about her.
One night, she had a different dream. 
She found herself on top of a hill made of human skulls. The sky was a dull grey, and she couldn't tell if it was day or night as there was no moon or sun. She had no idea how she got there. Looking down, she saw a sea of crimson eyes at the bottom of the hill. Chilling growls, gibbering, and the hissing of reptiles floated up to her. She shivered, for she knew with a grim certainty that whatever was down there, lusted after her soul.
A red glow appeared before her, and slowly dimmed to reveal the tall regal figure of Kyung-Su, only this time, her eyes shone a baleful red like the creatures below.
Startled, Liang reached for her swords, but she was unarmed.
Kyung-Su laughed. “Ah my dear,” she mocked. “You haven't your swords, or should I say my swords, but...”
Stepping forward, Kyung-Su drew two black-bladed swords. “Well met, kinswoman.” A forked serpent’s tongue darted between her lips. “I have been waiting an eternity for this moment. You bear the Stormblades, and the link between us is complete. When I kill you here, your soul dies, leaving your body empty back on the physical plane. Drawn by the Stormblades, I will take possession of your body, breathe air and delight in the joys of the flesh once again.” 
Liang stumbled back, shock and fear in her eyes. “Why, Kyung-Su? Why do you do this? I am of your blood...you were a great hero who fought evil.”
“Yes, I was a hero,” Kyung-Su spat. “I was feted by kings and took powerful men to my bed. I helped save the world. But how am I rewarded?” She gestured at the lifeless grey surroundings. “An eternity in this grey soulless place, with no company except for those creatures below.”
She pointed one of her swords at Liang's breast. “Why do I do this? A chance at life again! Come, sweet daughter, bare your breast and gratefully accept the great honour I am offering you. Your body will be the vessel for the great Kyung-Su, the first bearer of the Stormblades.”
Liang stopped retreating and eased into a fighting crouch, her eyes blazing defiance. “Come then, ancestor. If you want my body, you will have to earn it the hard way. But first, you and I will see if the dead can die again.”
Kyung-Su leapt forward, her swords slashing.
Liang dropped to her haunches, her right leg arcing out in a reverse sweep at Kyung-Su's ankles.
Her legs swept away, Kyung-Su landed hard on her back. Liang kicked out, knocking one of the swords from her hand, then threw herself into a tumbler's roll. Her fingers closed on the hilt of black-bladed sword and she sprang to her feet.
“Let’s see how well you fight, you red-eyed witch!” she grated, storm clouds dancing behind her eyes.
Kyung-Su rolled to her feet and sprang forward, her sword licking at Liang's throat. Liang deflected the cut and countered with a reverse slash at her opponent's neck.
She almost died as Kyung-Su ducked and lanced her blade at her heart. Shocked at the speed of the thrust, Liang threw herself back, but not quickly enough to completely avoid the sword point.
A trill of fear and uncertainty ran through Liang. The brief exchange of sword-play had told her Kyung-Su was the better swordswoman. Better than any she had ever faced, but Xiang-Tse had told her it wasn't impossible to defeat a superior opponent.
She met Kyung-Su's next attack, blocking and parrying, studying her opponent's style and looking for weaknesses and tell-tale signs that may give her an opening.
Exasperated by Liang's obduracy, Kyung-Su over-reached, throwing herself slightly off-balance with a lunge at Liang's chest. Liang side-stepped, lancing her sword at her ancestor's exposed side.
Kyung-Su spun away, as the sword scrapped across her ribs. “You fight well, little one. You are indeed worthy of my swords,” she said, serpent’s tongue darting across her lips. “But it is time to end this and reclaim them.”
Kyung-Su whispered an incantation; soft and sing-song. Liang's arms felt heavy, and her legs weak. Her sword fell from her hand.
Kyung-Su stepped forward, her sword lashing at Liang's neck. Liang stood there helplessly, her arms down by her side. Time seemed to slow as she watched the blade sweep down. Completely paralysed, she couldn't even close her eyes to shut out the moment. She prepared for death.
There was a flash of light so bright, it hurt her eyes, then a shining silver sword blocked Kyung-Su's death stroke. Liang heard the blades scrape together, then saw her ancestor’s black-bladed sword spin from her fingers to land with dull clang on the skulls underfoot.
Finding she could move again, Liang threw herself to one side, then rolled to her feet.
A tall dark-skinned man stood before Kyung-Su. The crimson-eyed woman appeared to cower before the man, then she became indistinct and faded away.
The man walked up to Liang and inclined his head.
“Thank you,” Liang whispered.
“It was nothing,” the man replied, his voice deep.
He stared at Liang for what seemed ages, then smiled, his deep-set brown eyes, warm and friendly. She could detect another emotion in those eyes, one she couldn't quite grasp. And though there were no physical similarities bar his colour, something about the stranger reminded her of Pagan.
“Come with me, Liang,” he said. “There are things I must tell you.”
He waved his arm, and Liang found herself in a richly furnished room. Chandeliers hung from the ceiling, and rich tapestries adorned the walls. The highly-polished wooden floor was covered with thick rugs. Two deeply upholstered chairs sat before a blazing fire.
Gesturing Liang to sit, the stranger sat in the other chair.
Liang sank into the chair, then sat forward. She placed her elbows on her knees, cupped her chin between her hands and looked intently at the man opposite her. She felt completely at ease in his company.
Taking a deep breath, the dark-skinned man met Liang's gaze. “She...Kyung-Su wasn't always like that. She was brave, fearless and kind...like you.” He paused briefly. “Then she met me. We became lovers.” 
 Liang interrupted. “I saw you together...in a dream.”
The man nodded. “Yes...We lived together as man and wife, and had a child. A beautiful girl...you look like her.”
He smiled at the memory, then his brow darkened, and his eyes became sad. “Then I made a great mistake. I introduced Kyung-Su to magick. Some might call it sorcery, but I always used my powers for good. We were happy for many years, watching our daughter grow. But Kyung-Su became obsessed with the idea of prolonging her lifespan, even immortality. I tried to dissuade her, but she wouldn't listen. She studied forbidden lore, the blackest sorcery. The rites were...” He shook his head as if mentioning them would stain his soul.
“I died after a short illness, and Kyung-Su carried on along the same dark path. She managed to prolong her life by a few years, but her dream of immortality was never fulfilled. Her dark deeds tainted her soul. So many suffered and met painful deaths to satisfy her lusts. When she died...departed her physical body, she found her herself trapped in that desolate place where I found you. Doomed to live with others of her ilk because of her evil.”
“But you are not evil, so why do you remain?” Liang asked.
The dark man smiled sadly. “For the part I played. For it was I who introduced her to sorcery. I watch over her, try to guide her onto the right path. Once I succeed, she will be able to move onto the next stage of her journey, and I too will be permitted to leave. But as you saw, she is a long way from redemption. She is intent on returning to the physical plane, no matter the cost.”
Liang sat quietly as the import of the dark man's story hit her. An ineffable sadness overwhelmed her, and her eyes filled with tears. Kyung-Su, her ancestor, had helped defeat the Gualich and save the world, now she was doomed to haunt a grey soulless place. Brought to this by, her own wickedness. Liang was aware of her own dark side, the murky emotions that roiled within her. Her paintings and love for Pagan helped keep them at bay. She hoped she too wouldn’t succumb, and end up like Kyung-Su. 
Liang looked at the dark man. “You mentioned a child who looked like me. Does that mean you are also my forebear?”
The dark man smiled again. “Yes, I am, daughter.”
The smile faded, and his eyes became grave.
“You must be on your guard, for Kyung-Su will try to kill you again and possess your body. The blades you carry link you. I believe she cast a powerful spell on them. Unfortunately, I don't know the nature of the spell, and haven't the power to undo it. The danger isn't past, but as you are now aware of her scheming, she won't be able to draw you to her so easily.”
Liang was still uneasy, but decided against questioning the dark-skinned man further.
He rose to his feet. “It is time you return to the flesh. Live long daughter, and remember well the lessons in what you have seen today. Now, close your eyes and think of where you were before Kyung-Su called you away.”
Liang closed her eyes.
And opened them. The feeling of motion, and the creaking of the ship's timbers told her she was back in her bunk aboard the Mingzhu.
She lay there going over what she had just experienced, and the words of the dark-skinned man. She knew it hadn't been a dream. Kyung-Su's appearance – the crimson eyes and serpent’s tongue – had shocked and saddened her. It occurred to her she hadn't asked the dark man's name.
Lulled by the gentle roll of the Mingzhu, she drifted off to sleep again. This time there were no dreams, nor was her spirit summoned to a hill of skulls.
 
*******
 
The eight crew-members of the Mingzhu, Liang in their midst, scrambled out of the boat and waded toward the shore. Two of them lagged behind to manhandle the boat up the sand. Heavy rain hammered down from a dark-clouded sky, but the sea was calm.
As she reached the shore, Liang paused to take in her surroundings.
The beach – an unusual pink colour, spread out in a wide crescent either side of her, rising in a gentle incline inland, topped by a barrier of dense green vegetation.
Liang wore a loose-fitting blue silk blouse over dark leggings. The rain plastered the thin material to her body, accentuating the gentle curve of her breasts. The hilts of the Stormblades poked over her shoulders in their scabbards.
The crew-men wore oiled long-sleeved leather tops to protect themselves from the driving rain. Wide-brimmed hats covered their heads. Some balanced long wooden poles across their shoulders with empty water barrels attached to each end.
The Mingzhu was anchored at the mouth of the inlet.
Ships sailing from Chenghuan usually called at the Isle of Kandros, to take in water before the last leg of the journey to Petralis. The island housed the oldest known temple of Mithros. Liang had read of the gwai-loh god, and was keen to see the temple, which was supposed to house only women.
Captain Tao-Lin had wanted to wait for the heavy rain to abate before putting a boat ashore. But Liang was impatient. Amid some grumbling from the crew, the captain had ordered the men to board the boat.
Ignoring the dark looks cast in her direction, Liang followed the crew-men toward the line of vegetation. As they approached, she saw it was not quite as impenetrable as it appeared from a distance. A path hacked through it led inland.
The party made their way inland. Large trees with wide spade-shaped leaves towered either side of them. The undergrowth was thick and tangled. Large water-droplets bounced off hat-brims and leather tops, and splattered on Liang's head. The rich smell of moist earth filled their nostrils.
After a short trek, they reached a wide inland lake fed by a waterfall. The sailors unburdened themselves and began to ready the water barrels. One of them pointed out the direction of the temple.
Liang took the indicated path, and carried on inland. 
A little while later, she stopped and gasped at the vista that unfolded before her.
The path ended abruptly, leading to a wide clearing paved with red blocks. A set of wide steps of the same red stone, rose high, leading to a massive monolith of a building. It was sheer black, with no visible windows.
Liang walked across the clearing, noting it was well-maintained. Swept clean of debris, none of the blocks were cracked, and there were no weeds pushing through the joints.
At the top of the steps, Liang realised the building wasn't carved from stone, but of a substance unknown to her. It was cool and smooth to the touch. Craning her neck upward, she saw large apertures ran along the top of the building.
Seeking a door, Liang moved along the top step, running her hand across the smooth surface of the building. She eventually found a door made of the same mysterious substance, and set with a large sunburst.
Liang pushed tentatively against the door, and was surprised when it swung open. She stepped into a large brightly lit hall. She was surprised to see that the walls were transparent and let in light from outside. How curious she thought, for she hadn't been able to see through the walls when she was outside.
Twelve young women dressed in red and gold sat on their haunches on the floor in a circle. All had their eyes closed, and held the hand of the person to the left. They were utterly still, and Liang knew they were deep in concentration.
Small groups of similarly clad women practised with swords, staves, and other weapons. Others practised empty-hand forms of combat, while others went through the flowing movements of set exercises similar to the White crane and Slumbering dragon. 
Other women moved about on various duties. Liang was surprised no one approached her as she wandered around. A few met her eyes and smiled or inclined their heads, but none spoke to her.
Eventually, a tall older looking woman in a golden gown approached her. “Welcome child, I am Lucinia.” she said. “The High Priestess, Elphemina, has been expecting you. I will take you to her.”
Liang raised her eyebrows. She had only decided to visit this place a short time ago. But she followed the woman to a door at the far end of the hall. 
Lucinia rapped on the door softly with her knuckles and listened for a moment before pushing it open. She ushered Liang in and shut it behind her.
As Liang stepped in, a woman sitting behind a desk stood up and beckoned her forward. Dressed in a long bright red gown girded by a golden sash at the waist, she was the tallest woman Laing had ever seen.
“Welcome child, I am Elphemina,” she said. Her soft melodious voice didn't disguise the hint of steel behind it.
Liang looked up into piercing golden eyes. The woman was startlingly beautiful with sculptured cheekbones and long lustrous golden hair hanging loose well past her shoulders.
The woman gestured Liang to sit in a high-backed chair before returning to her seat behind the desk. Liang shrugged off her twin scabbards, laid the Stormblades on the floor, and sat.
“This is the oldest temple of the Sun god, Mithros, in the world,” the woman began. “Don't be misled by the bright colours and womanly gentleness you see.  We observe the old ways here, and are not afraid to meet our enemies with fire and steel. We are far removed from the doddering old men in musty temples mumbling incantations to the Sun god for a better harvest for farmers.”
Liang offered no reply, for though she was aware of the Sun god, knew little of the history of the deity except for what she had read in a very old manuscript at the Jade Castle’s library. She studied her host. Elphemina’s flawless skin and erect posture suggested a young woman. But her eyes and manner suggested one much older.
Elphemina smiled. “Yes Liang, I am much older than I look, and the breadth of the knowledge I have been granted, would make the world’s oldest and wisest men seem like slow-witted children. And before you ask, no, I cannot read your mind, but the young are so easy to read. Your thoughts were plain to see on your face.”
“The woman outside...Lucinia said you had been expecting me,” Liang offered in a questioning tone.
“Yes,” Elphemina said. “The Mysteries we study here allow us a better understanding of the past, how it affects the present, and the multitude of possible futures.”
Liang wrinkled her brow for Elphemina’s words didn't explain anything.
“We know what is happening in Petralis,” the Priestess continued “We know the Gualich are returning to the world, and their servants have already crossed the portal, bringing death and misery to many. We know of you, who you are, and your role in what's to come.”
Liang was startled. As far as she was concerned, she was going to Petralis solely to see the man she had discovered she loved, in the long years of his absence. Xiang Tse had told her of the Gualich, but as far as she was aware, they were merely a legendary evil, long lost in the mists of time.
Elphemina paused, fixing Liang with a stare. “You didn’t know of the return of the soul eaters, or your role in this?”
Liang shook her head. “I only know my ancestor Kyung-Su, helped defeat them a very long time ago.”
“Yes, and as her last living descendant, and bearer of the Stormblades, you too are destined to face their evil. But not alone, for other descendants of the original heroes will stand with you…together with a wanderer…a man called Pagan.”
“Pagan?” Liang was dumbstruck. “What has he to do with this?”
“You will find out more when you reach Petralis,” The High Priestess said. “But first, there is another more important matter.”
“What matter?”
“I know your soul is troubled. The blades you carry are cursed with a powerful spell that if not countered, will ultimately be the death of you.”
Liang's eyes widened in surprise. “How…?”
The High Priestess lifted a hand. “It matters not how I know of the spell on your swords. What matters is I can remove it.”
Liang considered the High Priestess's words. Meeting the gaze of those odd-coloured eyes, she wondered if she should trust the words of a stranger, albeit one who had offered her no harm, and could sense no malice in. She glanced down at the scabbarded swords at her feet, then up at Elphemina again, and her mind made up, recounted her encounter with Kyung-Su and the dark man.
The Priestess listened intently, before responding. “It is no wonder you are troubled, child. You never knew your father or mother. Your spirit is dragged to a dark place of lost souls where you meet your forebears, a thousand years distant. They are as close to a mother and father as you will ever know. Yet both are trapped in this dark place, with one desiring to possess your body.”
She shook her head. “It is a sad tale indeed, but one I can do nothing about. We are scarred by events in our lives, but must put such behind us, and prevail. You are strong and will conquer these things that trouble you. But your swords are another matter. I can lift the spell Kyung-Su placed on them. Bring them to me.”
Liang reached down and picked up the swords. Rising to her feet, she walked up to Elphemina, and placed the sheathed weapons on the desk.
“Leave them with me,” the golden-haired High Priestess commanded. “The powerful magicks I am about to use are harmful to the uninitiated. Lucinia will return the swords to you. Feel free to look around the temple. I will not see you before you leave, but perhaps we will meet again.”
Elphemina rose, moved to the front of her desk, reached out and grasped Liang's hands. “Though you have a storm brewing inside you, you have a good soul. Mithros will watch over you, and evil will quake before your blades. Go now.”
The door opened and Lucinia appeared to show Liang out.
Wandering around the temple of the Sun god and observing the priestesses and initiates, Liang noticed the similarities with the Jade Castle – the austerity, certainty of purpose, and discipline.
She sat on a bench along a wall, a short distance from the initiates she had seen meditating earlier. Leaning back, she shut her eyes, and let her mind drift. She heard voices in her head and realized she had somehow linked with the initiates and was now privy to their thought-conversation.
Xiang Tse had spoken about mages and priests who through meditation could leave their physical bodies and communicate through thoughts. Disconcerted by the voices, and a feeling of impoliteness for intruding, she opened her eyes and broke the link.
A short while later, she saw Lucinia approaching, the scabbarded swords in her hands. The priestess handed them to Liang with a brief smile, and escorted her toward the door. As the door swung open, Liang turned to Lucinia and bowed. “I thank the temple of Mithros for its hospitality. Please extend my gratitude to Elphemina for her help.” 
Lucinia returned the bow.
As Liang moved into the open, the door swung shut behind her. She slid one of the swords from its scabbard and examined it. She couldn't see any discernible difference. But she had no reason to doubt Elphemina. 
Somehow, the High Priestess had known the swords were cursed, and had offered to lift the spell. Liang knew with a certainty they were now free of any such taint.
The earlier rain had stopped, and judging by the position of the sun, she realised she had been in the temple for a surprisingly long time. She hurried down the steps and across the red-paved courtyard to the narrow path beyond.
Reaching the beach, she saw the sailors had left. Smiling wryly, she guessed she hadn't been too popular for insisting they put the boat out in the pouring rain. They hadn't been inclined to wait for her while she went exploring.
Men could be so petty and childish. With a shrug, Liang ran lightly down the beach into the sea, and with long languid strokes, began to swim toward the Mingzhu anchored in the distance.
 
 
Ausak Demon Bane
 
 
Father Durmast limped down the temple hall, checking the high windows were securely boarded up. His bad hips, knees and painful back had prevented him from attending the Feast of Mithros, but he had heard of the attacks and the talk of soul drinking demons. He took them seriously, for the temple archives spoke of the time of the Gualich in ages past, and how they had been vanquished.
That they were threatening the world once again was distressing and frightening. An old man with painful joints and limited mobility, he was in no condition to flee the city. He doubted he would have if he could. For the temple had an obligation to shelter those inhabitants of the city who like him, were unable to take the long arduous journey to safety.
Happy that the windows were secure, he moved to the rear of the building and down the stairs to the kitchens. He checked the barrels of water and shelves of food that included fresh and dried fruits, salt-cured meats and fish, and baked goods. He hoped there was enough to go around, and the fresh food wouldn't spoil. He had no idea how many people to expect.
He groaned as he struggled back up the stairs, leaning heavily on the rails. As he reached the top, he heard a loud banging on the door.
He sat heavily on a nearby bench and called out to his assistant. “Banous! Be a good lad and see who is at the door.” He watched the tall gangly young man run up. Three years ago, Durmast had found the young orphan burrowing through the temple’s waste, searching for food. He had taken him in, fed him and offered shelter.
Durmast had hoped Banous would go on to become a servant of Mithros, but the young man had shown no aptitude. However, he was a willing worker who cheerfully undertook any task given him. The other priests had fled, but Banous, with no friends or family, remained.
Hearing footsteps, Durmast looked up to see Tovral the baker. “I have nowhere to go,” the short fat man announced, smiling nervously. “Besides, I couldn't bear to leave my ovens.”
Durmast nodded sympathetically. “I understand how hard it is for a man to leave what he has worked for all his life.”
“I have a cartload of breads and other tidbits outside,” Tovral said. “Perhaps your assistant can help me unload them?”
Durmast called Banous over, and sat back, watching as both men carried stacks of food down the stairs into the kitchen. He closed his eyes and said a quiet prayer of gratitude to Mithros.
*******
 
Krocus stood by the small window on the uppermost floor of the trading house. Looking down, he could see the long trail of people, and heavily laden wagons and carts, snaking their way toward the docks.
Initially, he had poured scorn on the idea of demons, but had to accept the reality of the situation when the hunting party had returned from Tor-Arnath. Baldrec and Kalas had reported to him, and both were stout hardy men not given to flights of fancy.
Krocus wasn't a popular man. But he didn't court popularity and had few friends. The only thing he cared about was making a profit. The owner of Petralis's sole investment house, naturally named Krocus’s, he had a substantial stake in most of the businesses in the city. Most borrowed starting capital from him, and he had no tolerance for late payments.
Soul drinking demons or not, he had no intention of leaving the city. With enough food and water to last him months, he felt he was safe enough in his redoubt until the insufferable tavern keeper and his mysterious allies defeated the demons. And if not, he would rather die here than anywhere else.
 
*******
 
Casca and Pagan stood at the edge of the docks, looking at the ship slowly pulling away into the open sea. They could see Marcos, Leonna, Aeneas and the girls standing by the rails, waving. Casca waved back, then slowly lowered his arm. He had the awful feeling he would never see them again.
Pagan could sense his friend's anguish. “I promise you this, my friend,” he said, his voice low. “I will do my best to make sure you see them again.” Casca nodded, taking a deep breath and letting it out with a long sigh.
Both men stood gazing across the waters until the ship disappeared. All was silent except the cries of the wheeling gulls, and the sound of the waves lapping against the stone-base of the dock-front.
Finally, they turned and made their way back toward the city proper. They walked past a row of silent warehouses and approached the white-washed stone building that housed the offices of the dock master.
Nearing it, they were startled to see a huge figure astride a startlingly white, equally oversized stallion, watching them from the shadows beneath the building.
Pagan angled away from Casca and moved cautiously toward the figure, hand on the hilt of his scabbarded sword. The man in the shadows heeled his horse forward, allowing Pagan to get a better view of him.
He saw a shaven-skulled, black-bearded bear of a man in a fur-trimmed sleeveless jerkin regarding him levelly with one eye. A black leather patch covered what would have been his other eye. A white bearskin robe lay across his saddle, and Pagan could see the black twin blades of an enormous axe poking from a saddle-holster.
“I seek Casca,” came a voice, low and deep, rumbling from a cavernous chest.
Casca swallowed and licked his lips in some trepidation. The one-eyed giant offered no threat, but he exuded an aura of elemental power that made Casca shiver. Though he looked as indestructible as a mountain troll, he was clearly a man and not a demon.
Casca stepped forward. “I am Casca. What can I do for you stranger?”
The black-bearded giant, nodded, then dismounted. “Met some friends of yourn back there,” he said, jerking his thumb toward the snow-capped mountains glistening in the far distance beyond the city. “Had some trouble with some hounds and yellow-eyed demons from the pit.”
Casca's heart sank, but the giant added: “They live, we fought the creatures off. Man named...Masrel, said I should ask for you. He also said you ran a tavern. I have travelled a long way and have a mighty thirst. Stand me a drink or two, and I'll tell you my story.”
“I can do that,” Casca replied. Glancing at Pagan who was standing a few paces behind him, he shrugged, and with the giant in tow, started walking.
Moon looked around with interest. The buildings near the seafront were mostly of white-washed stone or timber. They strode down a main thoroughfare. Branching off were narrower streets with one-and two-storey dwellings, and inns. Shadow-haunted alleys ran down the sides of these.
What struck the Axeman the most, was the silence. Though he had no experience of large towns or cities, he guessed such a place would normally be bustling with activity. Horses, carts, and wagons moving down the streets, traders hawking their wares, children playing, and whores plying their trade in the alleys. He could see discarded belongings left by the fleeing populace. An upturned old table there, a large chest with the door hanging open on broken hinges, broken chairs, pots and pans and various items of clothing.
Looking down from his eyrie, Krocus watched the three men walking down the street. He wondered who the stranger was.
 
*******
 
Casca pushed open the door and ushered the stranger in. Bidding him sit at a table, he slipped behind the bar and busied himself.
Pagan pulled up a chair and sat opposite the one-eyed giant. Both men stared at each other. Finally, Moon broke the silence. “Never seen a black man before,” he announced. “Frigga’s tits, you are as black as midnight!” 
“And I've never seen a bald, smelly, ugly one-eyed giant before,” Pagan retorted.
The Axeman's face hardened, his eye gleaming, then he burst into laughter. “Sutr's teeth! I do smell, don't I? So would you if you'd been on horseback as long as I have. I like you, black man, you have the look of a warrior, and you speak your mind!”
Casca walked up, placed three tankards of foaming ale on the table and pulled up a chair. The Axeman grasped his tankard in an oversized hand and tipped the contents down his throat without spilling a drop. Setting the empty tankard on the table, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and smacked his lips. “First drink I have had in months,” he said, looking at Casca.
Casca sighed, reached out, picked up the empty tankard and returned to the bar to refill it. Returning to the table, he placed the freshly poured drink before his thirsty guest who looked up and grinned at him.
“My name is Moon,” began the one-eyed giant. Pagan and Casca listened intently as he recounted his story: His headaches, Hjotra's advice, and his encounter with the people fleeing the city, and the demons.
“Beleth's balls,” whispered Casca. “Are you telling us you single-handedly killed the Bahktak and Suanggi? They are virtually impervious to human-made weapons.”
“Well, I don't know what impervious means, but I had some help from your friends. Arrows to the throat brought down some of the beasts, leaving me to deal with only five… and a couple of those yellow-eyed creatures.”
“How did you kill them?” Pagan asked.
“Smashed some skulls and broke a few bones,” Moon responded with a shrug. He nodded toward his axe. “And old Widowmaker lopped off some heads.”
Pagan and Casca glanced at the axe leaning against the table next to Moon. Casca's eyes widened. “May I have a closer look at it?” he asked the giant.
Moon grasped the haft and placed the axe on the table, making sure he didn't knock over any of the tankards.
Casca leaned forward, studying the black-hafted, black-bladed weapon. He ran a hand along the haft, noting the silver-engraved runes. The butterfly wing-shaped twin blades shone dully. He couldn't detect any blemishes, notches or dents.
Pagan, watching his friend, saw disbelief etched in his face, and what he thought was suppressed excitement.
“Where did you get it?” Casca asked, his tone hushed.
“Old Widowmaker? I took it off some big whoreson who tried to take my head with it,” Moon told him.
“Well, my large friend,” Casca said, “That’s Belash's axe, Ausak Demon Bane. Elander Zucross wrote about it. Belash carried it when he helped defeat the Gualich and their servants over a thousand years ago.”
Moon snorted in derision, but Casca quietened him. “It is true my friend. The words engraved on the haft name it as such. The origins of Ausak are shrouded in mystery, but Zucross wrote that the blades never blemish or notch and never need sharpening.” Moon nodded, his face thoughtful. Casca continued. “It is also said the bearer of the axe heals swiftly from superficial wounds and cuts.”
“Frigga's tits,” Moon said in a hushed voice. “That is true enough. I have always wondered why I healed so quickly. Shame it can't heal this pigging growth in my head though.” He looked at Casca with renewed interest. “But how come you know so much about my axe, and these demons you call Gualich, or was it Suanggi or Bahktak?”
“My ancestor, a great magicker named Castillan, helped defeat these demons a long time ago,” Casca explained. “My father told me it was a task entrusted to our family should they ever return. It was also said the descendants of the other heroes who stood with Castillan to vanquish the Gualich would gather to help.”
“Are you an enchanter too?” Moon asked.
“Alas no. But I can summon Castillan’s help when the time comes.”
Moon made a protective sign. “Summon the help of a man long dead? Sounds like dark sorcery to me.”
Pagan turned to the Axeman. “We have been waiting for the other descendants to show themselves. Looks like you are the first.”
Moon frowned and shook his head. “No, black man. I am no demon slayer. I am only here to find a cure for this pigging thing in my head…” He paused, then let slip a string of heartfelt obscenities. “I knew I couldn't trust that ugly old crone. She told me exactly what I wanted to hear. She said I would find answers in Petralis, but nothing about finding a cure.”
He stopped and looked at Casca with a sly smile on his face. “All of this talking can make a man's throat dry.”
Casca groaned, and returned to the bar to get another refill.
Moon took a mouthful and nodded his thanks to his generous host. “I come seeking a cure for my pigging headaches, and am told I am a hero descended from a demon slayer of legend. The gods do love a jest!”
Casca and Pagan were silent. Their eyes on their huge guest who was clearly involved in a debate with himself.
The Axeman took a deep breath, letting it out with a sigh. His mind made up, he looked hard at Casca and Pagan. “I passed through a town called Lysalis. The demons left nothing behind except bleached bones and empty skulls. I have seen many battlefields, killed my share of men, and witnessed carrion beasts with their snouts red in the bellies of bloated corpses. But nothing like this…this evil. I saw what was left of a family...the children's bones and cracked skulls. I don't want to see the like again. I will stand with you against these Gualich.” He glanced at Pagan. “And you, my friend, what is your part in this?”
“The gods do have a grim sense of humour,” Pagan replied with a rueful grin. “It was said a stranger...a wanderer, would also stand against these demons.”
“Ha!” Moon barked. “I knew there was something about you, black man!”
Casca looked at both men. Now there were three of them. But would it be enough?
Moon traced the runes on his axe with a finger. “Ausak Demon Bane,” he whispered. He had never really taken to the name, Widowmaker.
 
 
Reunion
 
 
Liang and the captain stood on the deck of the Mingzhu. The ship was moored at the mouth of the inlet leading to Petralis’s harbour. “The city is likely plagued by demons, and many will have fled,” she told him. “I don't want to put you or your crew at risk. Lower a boat, and I will row ashore alone.”
The man’s eyes widened with fear, but he made the obligatory protests, insisting it was his duty to see Liang safely ashore. She brushed these aside, and walked across the deck and down the short fight of wooden steps to her cabin. 
She donned a pair of black soft leather leggings, and a grey silk shirt. Her silver-grey breastplate went over the shirt. Slinging the Stormblades on her back, she placed the third sword with her belongings in a long canvas hold-all. Looping the straps over her shoulder, she cast a quick look around before walking out, and up the steps to the deck.
Moving to a gap in the railings, she gave a short bow to Tao-Lin. The captain responded with a deeper bow. “It's been my honour,” he said.
Liang lowered herself, climbed down the rope-netting on the side of the ship, and leapt lightly into the boat. Placing her hold-all to one side, she grasped the oars and pushed off.
Using long even strokes, she rowed down the inlet toward Petralis. The lack of other ships or boats, or any activity, suggested her earlier fears were correct.
She rowed up to a jutting pier. Tying the boat off, she slung her hold-all over her shoulder, and lithely pulled herself up onto the landing. Senses alert for any danger, she strode down the wooden pier toward the buildings she could see ahead.
 
*******
 
Liang walked down the centre of the deserted street, empty buildings with shuttered windows and barred doors looming like silent sentinels on either side of her.
The eighth day up in his eyrie, Krocus sat back with his feet on his highly polished mahogany desk, and a goblet of the finest vintage Amarian Pale in his hand. Glancing through his window, he saw what appeared to be the slender figure of a woman walking down the middle of the deserted thoroughfare. 
Standing, he moved to the window and slid it open. As he did, the woman's head swung up in his direction. “It isn't safe out there,” he shouted down. “It will be getting dark soon, and you'd best find some shelter.”
Liang paused, looking up at the man in the three-storey window. “I am looking for a man called Casca,” she told him.
Krocus frowned in consternation. He couldn't leave her wandering about out there, nor did he particularly want to dare the dangers stalking the city. Muttering to himself about stupid women, he tugged on his boots and hurried down the stairs. Removing the heavy bars and bolts securing the solid oak doors, he yanked them open, and stepped out onto the broad step fronting the building.
Casting a fearful look around, Krocus climbed down and approached the woman. Liang inclined her head in greeting. “I seek Casca,” she said. 
“Yes...yes...I know Casca,” Krocus said, looking into grey eyes set in a striking finely crafted face. “What do you want with him?” 
The woman's eyes grew that little bit chillier. Krocus stepped back, raising his hands in a conciliatory manner. “All right, all right, I'll take you to him. His tavern is not far from here, but we must hurry.” Krocus's head turned this way and that, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed nervously. “Those things will be out soon.”
Krocus hurried down the street with Liang following, eyes swivelling to watch every side road and alley. After a short while, Krocus turned into a narrow street. The buildings here were smaller and of rougher construction. Most had signs proclaiming residence of various trades such as blacksmiths, shoemakers, and bakers.
“We are almost there, it is...” Krocus said, glancing back at Liang. His words tailed off, his eyes bulging with fear as he looked past her.
Liang spun and saw two huge bone-white beasts with heavily ridged backs bearing down on her. Standing stock-still, she watched them approach, noting the baleful red eyes and fangs almost the length of her forearm. 
The Bahktak leapt for Liang’s throat. Her hands flashed up, gripping the hilts of her swords.
The Stormblades hissed clear of their scabbards and slashed out and across.
There was a flash of silver-blue steel. 
Mouth open in astonishment, Krocus saw the heads leap off the necks of the beasts. 
The headless bodies hit the ground with dull thumps. Legs splayed, they slid forward under their now dead momentum. The woman side-stepped, and flicked her wrists, droplets of yellow blood spraying from her swords. Sheathing the blades, she turned to face him.
“Ugly beasts,” she said, her voice calm. “You said we are close to Casca's?”
Krocus nodded, turned and hurried along. The short, swift display had stunned him. The woman had shown no fear, and her speed was beyond belief. A stench washed over him. Glancing back, he saw the bodies of the demon-hounds had decomposed into masses of fat maggots.
A short distance down, he turned left into a side-street and hammered his fist on the double doors of a good-sized two-storey building. Liang looked up to see a sign swinging above the doors, reading: The Philosopher's Folly. A quaint name for a tavern, she mused.
Pagan, nursing a cup of fruit juice, looked up as he heard the loud knocking on the door. Casca had roped-in Moon to help bring up a couple of casks of ale from the cellar. After all, the Axeman had been largely responsible for diminishing his stock over the last few days. Pagan could hear their guest complaining about having to carry the heavy casks up the steep stairs. “Hush now,” Casca chided. “My serving girls carry out the same task with a song on their lips.” Pagan chuckled as Moon responded with a grunted obscenity.
He walked toward the door. “Who is it?” he queried, raising his voice.
“It’s Krocus,” came the reply. “Open the door, damn your eyes, black man. I have someone here who wishes to see the tavern keeper.”
Pagan lifted the restraining bar, then slid open the bolts securing the stout doors, and had to step back hurriedly as Krocus pushed the doors open and dashed inside. 
Another figure followed in a more sedate manner, making Pagan freeze in surprise, his mouth hanging open.
Liang ran forward and threw her arms around Pagan. He hesitated for a few heartbeats, then curled his arms around her shoulders and drew her closer.
Krocus stared at the two, then scuttled back to the door and pushed it shut, setting in place the restraining bar. He glanced around with interest, for it was his first time in the tavern. He saw a long rectangular shaped room. A long wooden bar ran along one side of the room with several high stools ranged in front of it. About fifteen tables with chairs set around them, were spread about the large common room. Four curtained alcoves sat at the far end of the room. Opposite was a shut door, which Krocus assumed led to rooms upstairs.
He walked up to a table, pulled out a chair, sat down, and looked again at the embracing couple. For someone who came looking for Casca, the woman was certainly showing a lot of interest in the heathen. Whatever next? He wondered.
Pagan gently disengaged himself from their embrace, stepping back with his hands on Liang's shoulders. He looked into her eyes and saw they were moist with tears. The woman he had known had been initially cold and dismissive of him, then over time, warm and friendly. But this was something totally out of character, regardless they hadn't seen each other in years. Something in her had changed.
“Liang,” he whispered. “I never thought I would see you again. What are you doing here?”
“Xiang Tse…my uncle told me it was time to seek my own path, and suggested I find you. He also told me I wasn’t his niece, but the last in the line of Kyung-Su, a demon slayer of legend.”
Pagan was speechless at the revelation. Hearing movement behind him, he turned and led Liang toward the bar. Casca looked up, his eyes widening in surprise as they alighted on his new guest. “This is Liang,” Pagan announced. “She is descended from Kyung-Su.”
Casca moved from behind the bar. Stopping before Liang, he executed a low bow in the manner of a mid-ranking Cheng subject to a high-born lady. “It is an honour and pleasure to meet you lady,” he murmured in Cheng.
Liang’s brow lifted in surprise, then she smiled and inclined her head in acknowledgement. “My uncle told me you spent part of your early years in Chenghuan, but I’m fluent in the western tongue, so you don’t have to speak our language, though your accent is delightful, and your greeting, very flattering.
Moon, remaining behind the bar, was about to protest at the idea of a woman fighting alongside them. The words died in his throat, his mouth comically half open, as he stared intently at the striking woman in the silver-grey breastplate and twin sword hilts poking over her shoulders. 
It wasn't her looks that cowed him, but the intuitive realisation this slender woman before him with icy grey eyes, was a warrior born. Shaking his head in some bemusement, he returned to the task of moving the heavy barrels to where Casca had indicated.
“You must be tired and hungry from your journey,” Casca said, smiling at Liang. “I was just about to prepare something to eat.” He glanced at Pagan. “Pagan will show you to one of the guest rooms where you can refresh yourself before dinner is served.”
Liang inclined her head in gratitude. “I am grateful for your thoughtfulness,” she said, favouring the clearly smitten Casca with a smile that made him blush.
As Pagan and Liang disappeared through the door at the end of the room leading to the guest quarters, Moon turned to Casca. “Fie, tavern owner,” he growled. “I don't remember you offering me a place to refresh myself before you serve a meal fit for kings!”
Casca looked at the huge man whose sheer size he still had trouble coming to terms with. “Aye, that's true, bearer of Ausak Demon Bane. But you don't have smouldering grey eyes, and a beauty that makes strong men go weak at the knees. And I didn't think foul smelling barbarians washed much anyway. As for food, you much prefer to drink my tavern dry.”
Moon laughed, his eye twinkling with humour. “Aye, can't argue with what you say. She is a rare beauty. Your friend is a lucky man. But I tell you what, she may be a woman, but I wouldn't want to tangle with her on the battlefield.”
Casca nodded, his eyes thoughtful. “I think you are right my friend. The Cheng are some of the world's best warriors, and usually forbid women from carrying arms. Liang must be something special. And carrying Kyung-Su's swords makes her very deadly.”
“Who are these Cheng you speak of?”
“The Cheng are from Chenghuan, an eastern kingdom of over ten million people about seventy days’ distance across the sea.”
Moon's eyes widened. “Over ten million people? You lie, man!”
Casca shook his head. “It is hard to believe, but it is true. I grew up as a boy there when my father was an ambassador to the Emerald Court.”
The Axeman scratched at his beard. “A black man from the furthest corner of the world, a yellow-skinned woman from a kingdom of ten million people, soul-drinking demons, and giant hounds with spiked tails. I knew I would see some rare sights when I travelled south.”
Sitting alone at his table, Krocus theatrically cleared his throat to remind Casca of his presence. “Pour yourself and Krocus over there a drink, and sit with him,” Casca told Moon, nodding in Krocus's direction. “I have to don my apron and prepare some food.”
A short time later, all five enjoyed a meal of fish broth and dark rye bread. Much to Casca's amusement, Moon had had a wash, combed his beard, and donned a fresh jerkin. His table manners also showed marked improvement. He didn't slurp noisily, belch or pick his teeth with his dagger.
Ripper, the huge wolf-mastiff cross, ambled into the room from behind the bar. Coming up to the diners, he looked up at Pagan with hungry eyes. “Don't feed the greedy devil,” Casca advised. But Pagan relented, holding out a piece of fish that was swiftly gobbled down.
Ripper moved over to Moon. The Axeman grinned, put out a hand to pat the dog on the head, and swiftly pulled it back in alarm as the large hound barred his canines, growling deep in his chest. 
Moon looked aggrieved for he had always believed he had a way with animals. He shook his head in disgust, as Ripper curled on the floor, pushing against Liang's legs. 
“Another male making a fool of himself before a woman,” he muttered. As Liang reached down to scratch him behind the ear, Ripper turned his head and licked her hand. Moon looked disgusted, Liang smiled sweetly at him, while Casca and Pagan tried to muffle their laughter.
After the meal, Casca advised Krocus it would be safer if he stayed the night. The head of the Council didn't argue and requested to be shown to a room. The numerous goblets of Amarian pale he had drunk earlier, combined with Casca's ale, were making his head swim.
Casca led the councillor upstairs and opened the door to one of the guest rooms. Sparsely furnished but clean, it boasted a good-sized bed, a small table, a hard-backed chair, and a small chest of drawers.
Krocus fixed Casca with his watery eyes. “You don't like me much do you? But I thank you for your hospitality.”
“It is nothing,” Casca replied “We will get you home safely tomorrow. Perhaps you should consider taking shelter with the others in the temple.”
“Yes, I might do that.”
Casca nodded, spun on his heel and left Krocus to his own devices. He doubted the man would take his advice, for he was a singularly private and aloof man, who didn't seem to enjoy the company of others. He considered he had never seen him smile or laugh.
Returning to his other guests downstairs, he saw that one of them had cleared the table of the dirty platters. He guessed it was probably Pagan. Moon naturally had a tankard of foaming ale before him, while Pagan and Liang nursed cups of fruit juice. Casca poured himself a cup of the same, and joined them.
Glancing at his companions, Casca mused that the Philosopher's Folly had never before housed such a seemingly mismatched assemblage. He sincerely hoped they were all up to what lay ahead.
Liang raised her cup to her lips and took an experimental sip. Raising her eyes in appreciation, she looked at Casca. “This is very good. What is it?” Casca lowered his cup. “It's the juice of three berries – red, blue and purple, with some water added. I find it...revitalizing.”
 Pagan nodded in agreement. Moon set his half-empty tankard down, licked the froth off his lips, and regarded his three associates with a bleary eye.
Casca once again told all he knew about the Gualich and their servants, and his encounter with the long dead mage, Castillan. Liang wrinkled her nose in disgust when he described the demons’ lust for human souls, and symbiotic linkage, which ensured all derived some nourishment when each fed. “They are indeed foul creatures, and cannot be allowed to return.”
“Yes, they are,” Pagan agreed. He looked at Casca. “You said they are drawn by the soul-fire generated by large gatherings of people. Those taking refuge in the temple will be at great risk. We must protect them.”
“Aye” Moon rumbled, grinning at Casca. “Our resident magicker has told us we must stop these demons from feeding, as it increases their strength and brings more through the gateway.”
Casca glared at the Axeman. “I told you I know no magicks. I am no sorceror, mage, or magician. I study ancient writings and run a pigging tavern. But, Castillan says he can cast spells using me as a conduit.”
“Sounds like you are a sorceror to me,” Moon responded stubbornly.
The three listened intently as Liang told her story; her surprise when Xiang Tse revealed her true antecedents. Moon nodded knowingly. “Aye girl,” he said gravelly. “I too was shocked when my dying mother told me the man I had called father all my life was not my father after all. Such news does something to a person...makes you wonder who you really are. 
Watching Liang closely, Pagan noticed a certain tension and tightening around her eyes when she spoke about Kyung-Su. He knew she was omitting something.
 
*******
 
Moon opened his eyes and stretched out on the soft bed. He couldn't remember the last time he had slept so soundly. 
The bed was a thing of marvel. Large and sturdy, it was made from a dark wood with a wondrously soft feather-filled mattress. He had never slept on a bed before, his usual fare back home had been a fur-covered hard wooden pallet. And he had to make do with the hard ground under the stars during his long journey from the Northir Mountains.
He had wondered at the presence of a bed large and sturdy enough to bear his size and weight. Casca explained the room was frequently used by an enormous merchant named Kaliph. A generous man who always left large tips, the serving maids affectionately called him Four bellies
Swinging his feet onto the floor, Moon winced and held his throbbing head between his hands as a headache flared. Hoping to alleviate the pain, he kneaded his temples with his thumbs. Then he reached for his roll lying on the floor next to the bed and unwrapped the swathe of rags protecting his jar of brainwort. He muttered an obscenity for there was only a sprinkling of dust left.
He dipped a small tin cup into the bowl of water on the table next to his bed and tipped the dust into it. Stirring the mixture with a finger, he drank it, then lay down again, hoping the pain would abate.
 
*******
 
A short time later, Moon made his way downstairs to the main room. Casca, Pagan and Liang were shocked at his appearance. His face was ashen with pain, with dark sunken rings under his eyes.
“What ails you Axeman?” Pagan asked.
“Pigging headache is killing me,” Moon mumbled, slumping heavily into a chair. “And the pigging brainwort is gone.” The old woman told me to take a pinch each morning.”
Casca looked bemused. Pagan turned to Liang. “Brainwort? Xiang Tse taught us about healing herbs. I think that was one of them.”
“Yes, he did,” Liang affirmed “It is called Ge gen. I used it to ease my grandmother's head pain.”
Pagan ran his hand over his head in thought. “It is derived from a plant with distinctive seven-pronged leaves. I am certain I have seen it growing somewhere.”
After a few moments thought, he leapt to his feet. “Ah, got it!” he announced. “Ripper and I usually stop by a stream on the way back from Arnath. The plant grows in abundance there.”
He walked across to the seated Axeman, and clasped his shoulder. “Don't worry my friend, I will return with what you need, and no hell-spawn will stop me. Moon looked up and nodded weakly, his single eye bloodshot.
“I’ll come with you,” Liang said, also rising to her feet.
“No dear-heart,” Pagan said. “With Moon in this weak condition, you are needed here.”
Returning to his quarters, he shrugged on his baldric containing several shuken, and belted his sword belt around his waist.
He opened his door to a knock. Liang stood in the doorway with a scabbarded sword in her hand. He was about to insist that she wasn't coming with him, but she shook her head and put a finger to his lips. “Ssssh...dear-heart? After using such words, you better make sure you come back to me.” She presented the scabbarded sword to him. “This is yours.”
Brow raised in surprise, he reached out and took the proffered gift. His breath caught in his throat as he withdrew the silver-blue blade. Liang smiled as he tilted his head and tried to read the runes etched on the blade. “This is the third Stormblade. It rightfully belongs in your hand. Maybe someday, I might tell you what those words say.”
Pagan unhooked his old sword from his belt and made to replace it with the Stormblade. He paused, then took off the belt. Looking at Liang pointedly, he swung the Stormblade onto his back with the hilt poking over his right shoulder.
Liang tilted her head and studied him. She nodded in approval. “I forgot you were left-handed,” she whispered. Stepping forward she kissed him lightly on the cheek. “You better come back to me, dear-heart, or I will never speak to you again!”
 
*******
 
The gelding thundered westward toward Tor-Arnath through the gorse and scrub and rolling hills of the countryside. Grey clouds moved across the early autumn sky with the sun peeking through at intervals. 
Pagan glanced up at the sky and said a silent prayer to the weather god of his people, hoping it wouldn't rain. But then, he was so far from the grasslands of Amadou-Zongai, he doubted the deity could hear him, and would probably be inclined to ignore his imprecations if he could.
Overhead, an eagle glided on the thermals, the countryside was still lush and green, and the occasional rabbit or gopher poked its head out of its burrow to watch him pass. All this would be no more if the Gualich returned, for their evil would strip everything of life. There was so much resting on his and his friends’ shoulders.
He hadn't thought much of the Axeman at first meeting. But the giant’s zest for life was infectious.  And that black-bladed axe was a truly terrifying prospect for any foe, be it man, beast or demon.
He didn't know what had possessed him to call Liang dear-heart. The words had just tumbled out, and truth to tell, had felt good. He hadn't realized how much he’d missed her the last few years. And the gods of his people be praised, it appeared she shared similar feelings toward him.
Reaching the stream with no sightings of Bahktak, he hobbled the gelding and cast around for the distinctive plant. He didn't have to search long, for it grew in abundance in the moist earth. Uprooting a goodly number, he stuffed them into a large sack, which he tied to his saddle pommel.
He led the gelding to the stream and let it drink its fill. Kneeling beside the horse, he too drank, then splashed water on his head and face, before filling his flask.
Climbing back onto the gelding, he headed back toward Petralis.
  
*******
  
The mercenary company had taken a battering. It had signed on for the forces of the silver-ore-rich city of Luallis who had waged a long campaign to secede from Mellania. Mellania naturally, was unhappy at the prospect of another city establishing its independence, particularly one with such rich resources. War was inevitable.
Luallis swelled the numbers of its militia with mercenaries. One such mercenary company had got the worst of a bloody skirmish against Mellanian regulars.
Originally numbering three hundred, a hundred of the toughest and wiliest had hacked their way through the ambush, and made a mad desperate dash down a steep gulley. 
Twenty or so hadn't made it, as horses tumbled, broke legs, rolled over their riders, or simply flung them clear. The survivors, licking their wounds, and disillusioned with the false promises of swift victory, and each man earning his weight in silver, fled eastward toward Petralis.
Another thirty succumbed to their wounds, or decided to strike out on their own. A few days later, exhausted and saddle-sore, the remaining fifty set up camp in a sheltered hollow.
Bloody and bedraggled, some curled up on the ground and sought healing sleep. Others saw to their wounds, whilst a few chewed on strips of dried meat or started cooking fires.
Hearing an approaching horse, those still awake reached for weapons.
“Hello, the camp,” Pagan called out as he approached on foot, holding the gelding's reins. The thin spirals of smoke visible above the trees, and the smell of cooking, had prompted him to take a detour to warn the inhabitants of the camp of the unearthly dangers haunting the area.
His heart sank as he got a closer look at the figures sprawled around the camp. Lean, wolf-like men with cold eyes set in scarred hard faces. Many had crude dirty bandages tied around clearly recent wounds. Dented breastplates, greaves, and helms lay flung about amongst other detritus.
Pagan judged them as mercenaries who had recently been in a fight they hadn't fared too well in. Word had filtered down to Petralis of the war raging in Luallis. Downwind of the camp, the stench of human waste and unwashed bodies washed over him. He suspected he had made a mistake in going out of his way.
“It is not safe here,” he said, his eyes carefully scanning the clearing. “There are demons from the pit about. Many people have been taken or killed.”
“Demons, what do you mean demons, and who are you?” one of the mercenaries asked. The man who spoke looked very much like his fellows, but was appreciably cleaner. Clean- shaven with closely cropped salt and pepper hair, an open-faced bronze helm, a burnished bronze breastplate, and two scabbarded short swords lay on the ground next to him.
“Who I am isn't important,” Pagan said. “Soul drinkers have ravaged Petralis and the surrounding countryside. Most people have fled their homes.”
“Horse dung,” came another voice. “The only demon I can see is this pigging heathen.”
A big man climbed to his feet, sword in hand. The heavily pock-marked face and closely-set pig-small eyes seemed familiar to Pagan. “Let's see if you are any good with a sword in your hand, heathen. Those fancy tricks you surprised us with in the tavern won't do you any good here. We are going to carve your heart out, you black devil...isn't that right Rikash?”
Another burly man got to his feet, gripping a short-hafted axe. “Aye, Kanus, he had some fun at our expense back there, but he ain't going to be laughing now.”
Pagan took a half-step back, holding his hands out. “There is no need for this...”
“Oh, there is,” Pig Eyes snarled, advancing in a fighting crouch, broadsword held in a two-handed grip. “Or are you a coward?”
Pagan reached over his right shoulder and curled his fist around the hilt of the Stormblade. The grip had initially seemed too small, but it now moulded itself to fit his hand. A brief smile flitted across his face at this unusual property.
The Stormblade slid from the scabbard, and Pagan stood ready.
“That's a pretty blade,” Kanus sneered “What are you going to do with it, tickle me?”
Some of the other mercenaries watching the scene with expectant eyes, laughed. “Aye Kanus,” came another voice. “Pretty little sword like that would be handy for picking your teeth with.”
Hearing a whisper of sound behind him, Pagan threw himself to his right as a hurled dagger flew by his head. Landing on the ground, his right hand flashed to his baldric and a shuken spun through the air. The mercenary who had hurled the dagger clutched his neck,  eyes widening in shock and horror as blood gouted, running down his hand. He took a couple of faltering steps then toppled to the ground.
“May demons feed on your soul, Brakash,” spat the man who had first addressed Pagan. “Now, the rest of you goat-faced, sheep shaggers, this is Kanus and Rikash's fight. The next whoreson who raises a weapon will answer to me. I want to see how the black man handles a sword.”
Pagan gripped the Stormblade and rolled smoothly to his feet.
“Hear that, heathen? Our captain wants to see us carve your heart out,” Kanus hissed.
Rikash leapt at Pagan, a wide grin on his face, his axe slashing at the smaller man's head. Pagan dropped to one knee, his sword licking out. It seemed to barely caress the mercenary. The lower half of Rikash’s baked-leather breastplate fell way, then his entrails spilled out. The stricken man screamed and dropped to his knees, hands on his belly, vainly trying to hold in the gory, oily mess.
Screaming incoherently, Kanus hacked his sword at the kneeling Pagan's head. Pagan blocked the cut, blue sparks spinning through the air as the blades came together. Snarling, the mercenary and one-time bully of boys brought his sword down again. He grunted in surprise as the blade bit into the soft earth.
Glancing to his left, he saw his tormentor standing relaxed, his sword held loosely, point trailing the ground.
His anger grew. The black man was mocking him. Taking a firm two-handed grip on his sword, he charged at Pagan again. He had little skill, looking to overwhelm the smaller man with sheer brute strength.
Pagan moved smoothly, blocking and parrying the frenzied hacks. It was only a matter of time before the enraged man left himself open. The Stormblade lanced out like a serpent's tongue, fleshing itself high on the mercenary's right shoulder.
Kanus yelped in pain, his sword falling from nerveless fingers. Blood ran down his hand as he clutched the wound on his shoulder. He glared at Pagan with hate filled eyes. “Well, you black devil! Do it! Finish it! Or haven't you the guts?”
A sudden melancholy hit Pagan. He could hear the pitiful moans of the other mercenary who lay dying with his guts spread about him. There was no honour or satisfaction in killing men such as these.
Kicking Kanus's sword out of reach, he walked up to the man identified as the mercenary captain. “I think we are done here. Get your troop away from here with haste, Captain. You don't want to face the Bahktak or Suanggi.”
The man's eyes tightened. “I go where I please and do what I want. Careful now...you remain alive only because I wish it. I've heard tales of a race of black people who live at the far end of the world, but you are the first of your kind I've seen. I consider myself an educated man, and rarities broaden the mind. It takes a brave man to calmly walk into a camp of armed men, and I was curious to see how well you use a sword. You are good, but you are soft. I would have gutted that stupid whoreson…as you did the first. Only a fool spares his enemies.”
The words were spoken quietly, without rancour. Pagan inclined his head, turned on his heel and walked up to his horse. Grabbing the reins, he vaulted into the saddle. The mercenary leader spoke again. “What are you called, black man?”
“They call me Pagan.”
The mercenary smiled thinly. “Pagan, eh? That is fitting...so tell me more about these demons of yours”
“They are called the Gualich. An ancient evil banished from the world long ago. They and their servants feed on human souls.”
“Well, I shall think on your warning...and if you ever get tired of the quiet life and need to make quick coin, look me up. Ask for Prakash-Ken at the Hunchbacked Prince tavern in Carpalis.”
Pagan nodded, then wheeled his mount, and rode from the clearing.
Prakash-Ken sat up and watched the departing man. The camp was silent as the men took in the black man's words and the brief but bloody fight. The mercenary leader glanced around at the expectant faces of his men. “Any of you goat shaggers ever seen a demon, or heard of the Gualich?”
“No Cap'n” came a chorus of answers, while others shook their heads or looked at him blankly.
“No, I didn't think so,” he muttered. Wrinkling his nose in distaste, he pointed at the bodies lying in the centre of the camp with flies buzzing over them. “Some of you drag those pigging things away. They offend me.”
As a couple of men obeyed his instructions, Prakash-Ken climbed to his feet and moved to a large pot. The cooking fire had gone out, but the contents of the pot were still warm. Grabbing a large wooden spoon, he ladled some of the contents into a tin bowl, then returned to his seat.
After he finished eating, the mercenary captain washed out his mess-tin and cleaned his spoon with water from his canteen, before stowing them in his pack. Belching softly, he dabbed his mouth with a small cloth, then sat back and regarded the rag-tag bunch around him. He had started this enterprise with over three hundred men, now they numbered only fifty, and some of those wouldn't fight again.
The whole thing had been doomed from the start. The incompetence of the officers of Luallis’s militia had astounded him. Puffed up with self-importance, and emboldened by the fine words of their politicians, they refused to heed his advice. Now in his fortieth year, he had been fighting battles and wars since he was a mere stripling of seventeen. Few men in his trade got to live that long. That he had, was testament to his ruthlessness, intelligence and grasp of tactics.
The strutting peacocks of the Luallis's small army had sneered, and derided him as a mere sword-for-hire. They poured scorn on his advice, and led their men into disastrous, unnecessary confrontations against larger forces.
Their quest for independence failed, and the leaders of the rebellion – politicians and generals, ended up suspended in steel cages outside the city walls. Stark-naked and exposed to the elements, they died slow lingering deaths of deprivation and starvation.
But he was still alive. The silver he had been paid, invested with a trusted merchant back in Carpalis. He was a wealthy man, with various holdings across Mellania. He had a substantial estate on Paros. Maybe it was time to retire there, eat and drink to his heart's content, and submit to the tender ministrations of his half-dozen concubines.
But he had always been a restless man, and the years hadn't dulled his thirst for adventure and excitement. The black man's words had given him an idea. The talk of demons hadn't swayed him. A well-read man, he had never heard of the Gualich, nor seen a demon in all his long years.
If demons did exist, they had to take physical form to walk the earth. And any creature that had physical form could be cut by cold steel. Petralis was ripe for plunder with most of the inhabitants fled. He would lead his men there, let them sate themselves, then he would take ship to Paros for a well-earned rest. 
 
Hounds in the Night
 
 
The formless mist that was Beleth stirred and swelled, and his coal-red eyes shone that little bit brighter with awful light. He was growing stronger and the need to step through the portal once again was hard to resist. Seething with anger and impatience, he longed to assume corporeal form in the human world and sweep aside the insignificant worms who dared oppose them.
But, he tempered his impatience. The loss of some Bahktak was expected, but not the death of two Suanggi. If some of the human worms were capable enough to slay the harvesters, it was clear he had underestimated them. Though he longed for the exquisite sensation of slowly extracting their souls from their fragile bodies, he had no desire to rush into the unknown.
He would give two of his brothers the honour of being the first Gualich to set foot on the human world since their expulsion all those aeons ago. Yes, he would send Surgat and Jakut. They would coordinate the Bahktak and Suanggi, sweep away the irritants, and pave the way. But first, they needed a surge of sustenance.
 
*******
 
Night was falling when Herald, the first of the Suanggi to step through the portal, locked eyes with the Kirinos-Halbro the Usurper – the king whose greed and lust for empire had helped unleash the evil of the Gualich. Their slitted ochre-coloured eyes glowed as their linked minds searched for concentrations of soul-fire indicating large numbers of humans grouped together.
 
*******
 
Mercenary captain, Prakash-Ken's eyes snapped open at the sound of terrified horses. He almost jumped out of his skin as a high-pitched scream rent the night air. Around the camp, sleep befuddled mercenaries scrambled for their weapons. Prakash-Ken's eyes swept to the far side of the camp seeking the sentry, but there was no sign of him.
Mouthing an obscenity, he screamed orders to the mercenaries milling about in disorder. “Devils take your eyes, you scum. Stop running about like a bunch of rabbits. Form a circle and keep your pigging eyes peeled!”
Prakash-Ken and his mercenaries formed a rough circle, weapons at the ready, and eyes wide as they peered into the dark. Some held torches aloft to help pierce the darkness.
Prakash-Ken licked his lips as his eyes flicked from left to right, gauging the readiness of his men. Despite his earlier bravado, the talk of demons had unnerved him, and the wide staring eyes and shaking sword-arms of his men suggested they feared some unearthly force was stalking them in the dark.
The mercenary captain's eyes widened in horror as a huge shape leapt out of the darkness, its jaws closing around the midriff of the man to his right. As the unfortunate man screamed his horror and despair, Prakash-Ken expected to hear the sound of crunching bones. But none came, as the out-sized hound swung around and bounded off into the night with its victim gripped high in its jaws.
“Hells teeth!” The curse burst from his lips; a mixture of dread and shock. “They seek to carry us off to their lair! Steady lads, they are but beasts, not demons. Let's see how they like the taste of cold steel!”
Other huge shapes burst from the darkness, and in the flickering fire-light, Prakash-Ken saw these were like no beasts he had seen before. 
The Bahktak slammed into the circle of mercenaries. Men screamed, swords, axes and maces hammered down. The half-moon overhead cleared the dark clouds, presenting a grim tableau of men and demon-beasts locked in struggle in the eerie silvery light.
But it was an uneven struggle. Ordinarily forged steel bounced off sorcerous hides, as hideous jaws closed around men, bearing them off into the night.
It was all over in no time. The clouds slid over the moon, leaving only the flickering fire-light of torches lying in the clearing, and spluttering camp fires trod underfoot in the struggle.
The moon cleared the clouds once again, its cold light revealing discarded and broken weapons, together with assorted pieces of armour, saddles, and bedrolls lying abandoned in the now silent clearing. There were few bodies.
Prakash-Ken could scarcely believe what was happening to him. Held aloft like a week-old pup in the jaws of a were-beast, he was being carted off like a tasty morsel to be devoured in some loathsome lair. Some of the creature's fangs had penetrated his mail-shirt and punctured his skin, but there was little pain, though the beast's loping gait caused his teeth to jar.
Managing to twist his head, Prakash-Ken could see other beasts bearing similar burdens, bounding along. The incongruity of the sight – a pack of hell-hounds loping through the moonlit countryside, full-grown fighting men held aloft in their maws, forced an involuntary giggle from his lips.
 
*******
 
Dawn was streaking the sky as Kirinos-Halbro and Herald watched the Bahktak leap through the gateway bearing the squirming humans. The remaining ten were dumped at their feet.
Lying on the ground in a sprawled heap, Prakash-Ken found himself shivering so hard, his muscles started to cramp. He tried to straighten his arms and legs to ease the stricture, but found he couldn't move. He surmised the beasts’ jaws must carry an immobilizing venom. The cold surprised him. Though autumn was approaching, the days and nights had been mild.
His eyes darted about as he desperately tried to get his bearings, but all he could see was stony ground and prone bodies – fear-wide eyes swivelling as they sought a way out of their predicament.
The gateway shimmered, the carved sigils glowed red, and two figures stepped out, blinking in the dawn sunlight. Tall powerfully built men with jet-black hair swept back from their foreheads, and eyes so black, they absorbed all light, making them all but invisible.
Herald fell to his knees, pressing his forehead into the dirt. The Usurper glanced into the abyss of their eyes, then swiftly followed suit. Surgat and Jakut ignored their grovelling minions, stepping forward to view the blighted landscape from which they once held the entire region in thrall.
Though they were sorcerous beings, the Gualich had limited offensive magicks, but this was offset by the sheer power of their minds. They simply had to imagine something, concentrate, and will it into existence. 
This ability enabled them to shape-shift and take on any appearance they wished. It had also helped them construct the towers and low, hive-like buildings of Tor-Arnath. 
Beleth, in the human guise of Gual, had duped the then King of Mellania – Kirinos-Halbro, into bringing his entire court to Arnath. Emerging from the portal, the Suanggi and Bahktak had gorged themselves on the human souls. Energized via their servants, the Gualich followed, and subsequently built the city of Tor-Arnath.
Their task was much easier now, as the building blocks of their city were already in place – though strewn about the landscape. 
Bursting with the energy provided by the stolen life force of the luckless mercenaries, Surgat and Jakut stood – black eyes glowing, staring intently at the jumble of stone and rock.
A haze rose, obscuring the ruins. Behind it came a great rumbling. The Usurper, now standing alongside Herald, blinked as the mist disappeared, revealing two towers standing proudly in all their green-blocked splendour, their spires disappearing into the clouds. The low hive-like buildings surrounding the towers were also intact.
Surgat and Jakut moved toward their newly constructed towers. Prakash-Ken groaned as jaws closed around his midriff, hoisting him in the air. The hell-hound padded after the Masters, nine other Bahktak in its wake, each bearing a hapless mercenary in its jaws.
The mercenary leader must have passed out at some stage, for when he opened his eyes, he found himself lying on the floor of a circular chamber. The earlier paralysis appeared to have left him. Suppressing a groan, he climbed gingerly to his feet. He could feel blood running down his sides under his mail-shirt where the beast's fangs had punctured his skin.
Looking around, he saw the chamber, encircled by high windows with green-tinged glass, was bare of furnishing. He moved to the nearest window, and his breath caught in his throat at the view that presented itself. He was clearly in a tower of some sorts, for wispy clouds floated outside, and the vista of the countryside spread out before him as far as the eye could see.
Feeling a presence behind him, the mercenary captain swung around. A tall powerfully built man stood looking at him. Clad in a long black robe girded at the waist by a golden belt, the man looked like a priest, but his wide shoulders and bearing suggested a warrior in his prime years. 
Prakash-Ken met the stranger's gaze, and his bowels went weak. The man's iris and pupils were so black, it seemed he was looking into the abyss of a gaping pit that threatened to swallow him. The miasma of evil radiating from them almost unmanned him, and he began to shake uncontrollably.
A hollow, sepulchral voice echoed painfully in his head. “You humans see us as evil, but is the lion evil for feeding on the deer, and are humans evil when they consume the flesh of lesser animals? Unlike you, we do not hunt and kill for sport. We only hunt and kill when we hunger.” A grating titter that could have been laughter reverberated through his skull. “But we have such prodigious appetites.”
Digging into his wells of courage, Prakash-Ken drew a dagger from his belt. “I don't know who you are,” he snarled, “but you look human enough to me. Come taste my dagger you black-eyed whoreson!” Springing forward, he aimed his dagger low at the stranger's belly in a disembowelling thrust.
The stranger didn't try to avoid the thrust. Prakash-Ken drove his dagger deep and ripped it upward. Tearing it clear, he stepped back with a triumphant gleam in his eyes, expecting to see the man's insides spill out. 
The look in Prakash-Ken’s eyes turned to one of horror. He had seen and felt his blade pierce the stranger's flesh, but there was no cut, no blood. There was nothing.
The dagger clattered to the floor as it dropped from his nerveless fingers. “Wh...at...are...you?” he stammered, backing away horrified. “I am Surgat,” came the voice in his head. “I am your death, Prakash-Ken, but you give me and my kind, life!”
Prakash-Ken cowered, staggering backward as the uncontrollable tremor hit his limbs once more. His knees buckled and he fell to the floor.  The figure before him became blurred-indistinct. He thought he could make out squirming tentacles and writhing members within the huge amorphous form hovering over him, but those black eyes were still there. He felt like he was being drawn inexorably into their depths. 
Indescribable agony tore through every nerve-end in Prakash-Ken’s body. It was like his very soul, his essence, was being drawn from him with infinite slowness, into a vortex that was beyond black. 
He heard a scream, high, ululating and blubbering. An oddly detached part of his consciousness realized the sounds were coming from him. Then another sensation intruded. One of exquisite joy and satisfaction. He had felt similar after a particularly delicious meal, or at the high point of bedding a beautiful woman. But what he felt now was the joy coming from the creature that was consuming him. But it was magnified, for he could feel the same sensation coming from another – he knew one of his men was simultaneously being consumed by the other demon.
The last thoughts that passed through what was left of Prakash-Ken's mind were that he should have listened to the black man, and he would never see his estates on Paros, or enjoy the soft flesh of his concubines again. It wasn't meant to end this way.
 
The High Priestess of Mithros
 
 
Elphemina, the High Priestess of Mithros, moved swiftly through the corridor, her long silk night-dress swishing against her ankles, and extraordinarily long tresses gathered atop her head held in place by a hair-net.
It was the dead of night, and all was silent in the temple. The torches set in brackets along the walls of the long corridor flickered from a mysterious breeze, making the shadows shift and twirl.
The Priestess had been awakened from her slumbers by a scream. She hadn't heard the scream, but it had reverberated deep within her. A soul-scream of anguish of a tormented one. 
Elphemina hadn't leapt from her bed instantly, but lay quietly with her eyes shut. Breathing deeply, she focussed her energies, and loosened the bonds tying her to the physical plane. 
Her ethereal eyes – called spirit-eyes by some, slowly opened. Seeing with the ethereal eyes could be confusing, disorientating, and dangerous to the uninitiated, as various phantoms generated by dreams and the human mind became visible.
Elphemina filtered out the dream-phantoms and thought-forms taken form, and focussed on a pulsing orange-coloured thread. Tracing the path of the thread, she saw it originated from one of the sleeping quarters housing the young initiates. 
Pushing open the door, Elphemina stepped into the large room. Though it was dark, she was loath to bringing in a torch as the light might wake some of the slumberers. Moving silently along the row of beds, she stopped and knelt beside one bearing a figure bathed in a soft orange light.
The Priestess recognized Kiandra. Her parents had brought the then nine-year-old girl to the temple three years earlier. From the nearby island of Paros, they had recognized the rare gifts in their child. She appeared to have the ability to see the future. 
Weeks before the incident, she had dreamt her father would twist his ankle in an unseen rabbit burrow while playing with her older brother. She also dreamt raiders would attack the village and carry off three young women. Her warnings had been dismissed, and when the women were abducted, was accused of being cursed, and responsible for their misfortune.
Elphemina placed her hand on the sleeping girl's brow. It was hot and clammy, and the Priestess guessed the girl was having a troubled dream. She decided against waking her, as yanking her abruptly from the dream might damage her mind. Shutting her eyes, she flowed into the child's mind and her dreams.
Elphemina saw Kiandra floating beneath the rafters of the ceiling of a large hall. Below her was a scene of chaos and carnage, as yellow-eyed demons and huge beasts ripped into a mass of people including men, women and children. 
One of the demons had seen the watching girl, and was rising toward her, mouth agape and long tongue questing. Kiandra was frozen in terror, her mouth open in a scream. It was that soul-scream that had alerted Elphemina.
Cloaking herself in a golden breastplate, with a sword of blazing light by her side, Elphemina’ s spirit-form materialized next to the horror-stricken girl. Her sword flashed out, shearing through the squirming, reaching tongue. The demon fell back without a sound.
Elphemina placed an arm around Kiandra. “It’s only a bad dream child,” she whispered. “Let's get you back home. Close your eyes and think of your bed back at the temple. When you awake, I will be right there with you.”
Elphemina opened her eyes to feel Kiandra’s arms wrapped around her neck, as the frightened girl held onto her for reassurance. She could feel the rapid flutter of Kiandra’s heart through her thin night-dress.
“You are safe now, Kiandra,” she whispered. “It was only a dream.”
Kiandra shook her head vehemently. “No... I don't think so. All those people are going to be killed by those...things. My dreams always come true.”
“I know, Kiandra,” Elphemina said, stroking the child's hair. “I know your dreams often come true, but this one won't. I’ll make sure those...things we saw don't harm anyone.”
“Really?”
“Yes, dear child, I promise. Now I think you should go back to sleep.”
Elphemina felt Kiandra’s grip tighten around her neck. “No, I shouldn't. The bad dream will come back.”
The High Priestess hugged Kiandra, then gently lowered her back into her bed. Leaning forward, she brushed some loose strands of hair from her forehead. She could make out the golden glow of the child's eyes in the dark. Like Elphemina, Kiandra had unusually coloured eyes – the eye colouring shared by all the High Priestesses of the Order of Mithros down the centuries.
“The bad dreams won't come back Kiandra, I promise.” Elphemina whispered, touching the girl lightly on the temple.
Kiandra’s eyes closed, her breathing deepening. Elphemina rose to her feet and walked quietly down the row of beds and still slumbering initiates, to the door.
Returning to her quarters, Elphemina poured herself some water from an earthen jug on a small table by her bed. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she sipped the water, pondering the meaning behind Kiandra’s dream.
Getting to her feet, she walked to her study, and pushed open the door to a small room. A large oval-shaped glass-topped table dominated the windowless room. A large sunburst in glorious colour was painted on the ceiling directly above the table. A low shelf containing a line of coloured fist-sized stones, ran along the far wall.
She grasped a red scrying-stone from the shelf, passed it over the glass-topped table, and whispered the words of power. The glass turned opaque, then Elphemina saw a large stone-built building with a sloping roof, fronted by four high pillars. A large sunburst – its colours faded by time and the elements, decorated the front of the building.
Elphemina uttered another word, and the image shifted, revealing a two-storey building. A sign swinging above the door announced it as a tavern named the Philosopher's Folly. The image changed, showing her the interior of the tavern. The main room, lined with a long bar, and containing several tables and chairs was deserted. Other images appeared in quick succession, showing five figures asleep in different rooms. She recognized four, for she had seen them when they were still young. The fifth, a thin man with a receding hairline was unknown to her.
The last image disappeared, replaced by a stark landscape beneath a night-sky. Set on a low rise, Elphemina could see dark masses of large stone blocks scattered in abandon. She gasped, almost dropping the scrying-stone on the table, for not all was jumbled stone. Two towers rose high into the night-sky. The Gualich had returned, and time was getting short.
Moving to the shelf, Elphemina replaced the scrying-stone, then she sat on a high-backed chair, closed her eyes, and composed her thoughts.
The appearance of the towers had shocked her. She hadn't expected the Gualich to return so swiftly, let alone two of them. Things were moving at a pace that threatened to overwhelm them all. She wished she had taken matters in hand much earlier, instead of leaving them to Castillan's descendant, who clearly didn't understand the scale of the evil confronting them.
 
*******
 
Elphemina sat – legs folded beneath her, on the flat roof of the temple. Another figure sat opposite her. Above them, the yellow, blue, purple and orange streaks of the dawn sky. The sunlight wasn't at its strongest this early, but was enough for her purpose.
Turning her face upward, she breathed deeply, a single word bursting from her lips as she exhaled. A shaft of sunlight lanced from the sky, enveloping the two women.
As the sunlight bathed her naked form, Elphemina felt energy surge through her. Her eyes – globes of sunlight in her skull, blazed with suppressed power. She heard the figure opposite her cry out. The High Priestess understood what Astianna was going through. She too had cried out in wonder as the power of Mithros surged through her veins when her predecessor had performed the same rites with her.
Both women sat silently, bathing in the glow, well into the morning. When she sensed the time was right, Elphemina rose to her feet and stretched out a hand to Astianna. Assisting the younger woman to her feet, Elphemina helped her shrug on a light silk robe, before clothing herself in the same. Then she guided her to an opening on the roof, keeping a watchful eye as the younger woman climbed gingerly down a short ladder.
The High Priestess climbed down and joined Astianna in the room below. Bidding her sit on an upholstered chair, Elphemina moved behind her desk and sat down. Astianna's skin and short-cropped red hair shone with a golden glow, as did her unusually coloured eyes.
“It is a... somewhat... unusual feeling, as the power of Mithros surges through you for the first time,” Elphemina said, smiling at Astianna. “I will never forget the day my predecessor took me to the roof.”
Astianna remained silent, her gold-hued eyes fixed on Elphemina as she tried coming to terms with the mighty energies racing through her, and the significance of what had just happened. She had long known she was to succeed the High Priestess, but hadn't expected to be called so soon.
“An ancient evil returned, threatens the world, and I will be going on a journey from which I may not return,” Elphemina said. “In that eventuality, you will know what to do. I know you have doubts. I certainly did when in your position, but you have been eye-marked to follow me since you were a child, and have the strength and ability to be the envoy and guardian of the old ways of Mithros. Return to your quarters now, Astianna, and sleep the rest of the day, for your body and mind need rest and time to adjust.”
As she watched her nascent successor move to the door, she felt a sense of sorrow and pity for the younger woman. Astianna had endured a harsh upbringing and a difficult life before being guided to the temple as a girl. Although the position of High Priestess brought immense power and authority, the responsibility, and burden of carrying the memories of all who had come before her, could be crushing.
Dismissing those thoughts from her mind, Elphemina pulled on a silver cord hanging from the ceiling. Hunger gnawed at her belly – accepting the power of Mithros into her body always left her ravenous. Breakfast was her favourite meal, and she had to eat before performing her next task.
 
Maggots in the Gloom
 
 
A latticework of energy of yellow-green light pulsed between the newly-erected towers at Tor-Arnath, as Surgat and Jakut, the first Gualich to set foot on the human world in aeons, linked minds.
Standing beneath, Herald, the Usurper, and other Suanggi, together with a mass of Bahktak, turned expectant eyes upward. Slitted ochre-coloured eyes glowed with dreadful hunger. A hunger that would soon be sated, for they knew the return of the Masters heralded the dawn of a new era of joyous feasting.
Kirinos-Halbro felt the same hunger and shared the same expectations, but underlying, was a sense of guilt, disgust, and despair. 
Guilt that his actions had paved the way for these fiends. 
Disgust at himself for feeding on human souls.  
Despair at his helplessness and inability to resist the hunger. 
Upon dragging him through the portal to their home-world, Beleth had gloated and mocked him, claiming he now belonged to the Gualich, body and soul.
But somehow, inexplicably, part of his humanity had survived. A tiny, tiny spark of light that was his soul remained, buried deep beneath the corruption and darkness. He knew that infinitesimal spark would die if he remained a servant of the Gualich.
 
*******
 
Moon, his vigour restored since Pagan returned with a fresh supply of brainwort, hammered hard on the solid hardwood door. Casca, Pagan, and Liang stood behind him.
Glancing at Casca, Moon raised his meaty fist again, but a voice came from behind the door. “Who knocks?” 
Casca elbowed Moon aside and stepped forward. “It is I, Casca!” he called out.
They heard the squeak and scrape of iron bolts being drawn, and heavy bars lifted clear, then the door opened a crack, showing a fearful, nervous face. “Ah, Casca,” a relieved Father Durmast said, “Come in... quickly...quickly...” His voice tailed off as Moon, Liang and Pagan pushed in behind Casca.
The gangly youngster, Banous, closed and secured the double doors behind them. 
“Who are...they?” Father Durmast asked, looking at Moon and Liang. Casca put an arm around the priest’s shoulders and pulled him to one side. “That’s not important,” he said, his voice low. “Listen to me carefully Father, and do not react to what I'm about to tell you, for we don't want to cause panic.”
Pausing, Casca's head turned as he looked around the temple. The benches, normally arranged in neat rows, had been stacked in an untidy pile in the far-right corner of the great hall. Almost every possible space on the floor was covered with blankets, bed-rolls, possessions, and assorted piles of rubbish. 
The air was heavy with the stench of so many people crammed into a confined space. Casca estimated there must be over a hundred men, women, and children – lying, seating, squatting or standing in the hall, their eyes dull and hopeless. 
They were mostly the old, weak, and poor, for those more able had fled the city, except for Krocus, now safely back in his eyrie in the investment house.
Casca turned back to Father Durmast. “The temple is going to be attacked. I don't know exactly when, but believe it will be soon. Now listen carefully… they’ll be coming through...the walls.” 
Durmast's eyes grew wider – Casca could see the fear in them, but the priest took a deep breath, swallowed and calmed himself.
Casca gripped the frightened man’s shoulder, and nodded. “That’s good, Father,” he said with a tight smile. He too was on the edge of panic, for soul-drinking demons were about to descend on them through...the pigging walls!. 
“There’s black sorcery at work here,” Casca said, surprised he could keep the tremor from his voice. “But we have strong friends with us. Now, as I understand these things, they will be coming through the outside walls.” 
Pausing, Casca looked around the temple once again, noting the stairs in the far-left corner leading down to the cellar-kitchens. He thought it unlikely the demons would materialize through the cellar walls. 
Seeing Tovral moving through the crush of bodies, Casca called and beckoned the baker toward him. He spoke urgently, pointing at the stairs. “Tovral, help the Father and Banous move all the people to that far corner, and get some down the stairs into the kitchen. Quick now, we may not have much time.”
The priest moved forward and raised his voice, addressing the sprawl of people. “Listen my children. You must be brave and strong now. The demons are coming.” 
A murmur of fear rose, then a few shouted queries. 
“You said we would be safe here, Father!” 
“We are trapped, what shall we do?”
Durmast raised his arms, calming the uproar. “You will be safe. There are people here to protect us. I want everybody to move to the far end of the hall by the stairs. As many as possible should get into the kitchen, the rest stay on the steps!” Tovral and Banous moved among the mass, cajoling and helping them move as directed by Durmast.
Casca turned to his companions and moved to the pile of benches in the other corner. “Let's stack these in front of the people. Should act as a protective wall...of sorts.”
The hall was clear within moments, the children and eldest down in the kitchens, the rest clinging to the stairwell, and crammed into the space above it. Before them was a wall of stacked heavy benches.
Casca licked his lips nervously. The responsibility of protecting these people who were his friends and neighbours, weighed heavily on him. 
Liang and Pagan standing either side of Moon, stood a few paces in front of the barrier. Moon, Ausak Demon Bane held in a double-grip, rolled his shoulders to loosen his muscles.
Only three against the coming hordes of demons, thought Casca. Surely, they couldn't stand. He felt guilty for he should be with them, not cowering behind the barrier with Father Durmast and the others. But he wasn't a fighting man or a warrior, but then what good was he? What was his real role in this?
Moon glanced at his companions, grinning. “Give me some room to swing old Ausak here.” Pagan and Liang edged further away from him. “The beasts are easy enough to kill,” Moon continued in a conversational tone. “The others – the yellow-eyed demons move quickly, but they die well enough.”
Liang reached up, her hands closing on the hilts of the Stormblades. “It’s getting colder in here,” she whispered. 
No sooner had the words left her mouth, the wall to their left shimmered, and then seemed to collapse in on itself. A blast of frigid air bearing the stench of dead things enveloped the hall. 
“Here they come!” Moon yelled, as a mass of yellow-eyed Suanggi and crimson-eyed Bahktak disgorged from the dark maw of the wall like so many fiends from the darkest of hells.
A huge figure loomed over Pagan, its hands reaching for his throat. He ducked, slashing his sword in a tight arc through the creature's torso. Spinning around, he lanced the point under the chin of another Suanggi, the Stormblade exiting above the creature's eye.
Twisting the blade clear, Pagan kicked the slumping body away, and drove his sword downward, impaling a Bahktak through the skull. The blade stuck, and a thin, part-translucent figure, ribs shinning white through its skin, locked its ice-cold grip on Pagan's throat.
Gasping for breath, Pagan's thrust his clawed fingers at the demon's thankfully solid throat. He gripped and wrenched savagely, ripping out the Suanggi's throat in a shower of yellow blood. 
A dark shape hurtled at his head. His sword tore clear of its encumbrance, and sank deep into the belly of the leaping beast. Continuing his momentum, Pagan twisted, flinging the gutted beast into the mass of demons.
Moon, battle-lust gripping him, charged into mass, Ausak cleaving left and right, ripping through heads and limbs.
Liang leapt forward, dancing and pirouetting through the heaving mass, twin-blades weaving and cutting in a blur of blue light. Suanggi and Bahktak fell before her. A massive figure clubbed at her head with a serrated club. She swayed to one side, slashing one blade through the descending arm, her other blade ripping through the figure's throat.
Hearing a fear-filled scream, Pagan spun around to see a Bahktak leap for the bench-wall. Taking two running steps, he leapt at the beast, right leg extended. His foot caught the demon-hound in the ribs, hurling it backward. Landing lightly on his feet, Pagan's hand flashed to his baldric. A shuken spun through the air, slicing through the beast's throat as it regained its feet.
Bodies surrounded by dark gore covered the floor, and the mass of fat yellow maggots – as the bodies of the Bahktak rapidly decomposed, sent a foetid stench up into the already foul air.
Spinning around, Pagan leapt back into the melee, plunging his sword deep into the back of a creature with a transparent skull – the spongy dull-grey mass of its brain visible. Pagan wrenched his blade clear, swaying back as Liang spun, her swords singing through the air. She grinned at him, her eyes flashing like thunder clouds in the gloom.
Peering around the pile of benches, Casca saw Moon towering like a colossus above the struggle, one hand locked around a Suanggi's throat. The giant jerked his wrist, snapping the creature's neck. Hurling the body away, he swung his foot mightily, sending a Bahktak hurtling through the air. His axe swept out, shearing through the waists of two tall, bony creatures. 
Casca blinked in surprise as a nimbus of orange light flickered around the Axeman. Swinging around, he saw Liang and Pagan cutting their way through the mass with a speed he didn't think possible, their swords, dazzling blurs of blue light. The same-coloured light flickered around them.
A skeletal figure, yellow eyes glowing in the flickering torch light, and a gash of a mouth filled with sharp-pointed fangs broke through the trio, with two Bahktak in its wake. Casca, who foolishly, had ventured beyond the safety of the wall, screamed, throwing up his arms and flinging himself backward. 
The demon-hounds leapt for his throat, fangs as long as his forearm dripping strings of saliva. Their leap was curtailed in mid-air as they hit an invisible force, their heads splitting open like overripe fruit, spraying gore in the air. The Suanggi, was thrown backward, and Moon's axe sundered its neck.
Casca was thunderstruck. He had felt the force, like an invisible blast of lightning or unseen energy hurtle from him as he screamed and fell backward. His entire body was trembling, and he fell against the stack of benches as his legs failed him.
Suddenly, it was over. The three warriors stood, chests heaving as they sucked in the not-so-invigorating foetid air. Casca slumped to the floor weary beyond belief, mind awhirl at what he thought he had just done.
Frigid air blasted from the dark maw of the wall, and more creatures burst into the room like pus from a wound gone bad.
“Sutr's teeth!” Moon bellowed. “Here they come again!” Pagan and Liang leapt to join him. Casca, dragging himself behind the relative safety of the bench-wall, watched open-mouthed in awe as the seemingly tireless trio hacked, slashed and cut their way through the fresh wave of demons. Blue light lanced from Liang's swords, burning through the abominations, leaving them molten heaps of twisted perverted flesh.
But the three were tiring; the chilling cold from the Suanggi was strength-sapping. The heaving struggle against inhuman foes in the semi-gloom, the squelching bodies of the Suanggi and squirming, wriggling maggots underfoot, weighed heavily upon them like a lead-ballasted shroud. 
Each carried minor scrapes and cuts and more serious wounds. Blood seeped from a gash in Pagan's side, blood poured down Liang's face from a cut on her scalp, and Moon's left arm hung limp, his forearm a bloody mess where a Bahktak had sunk its jaws in. 
More creatures appeared at the mouth of the yawning hole in the wall.
The weary, bloodied trio turned to meet the new wave of demons, then a large golden sphere appeared between the startled warriors and the hole. Shouting an obscenity, Moon leapt forward, hammering Ausak down with tremendous force. His mouth gaped as the axe merely slid off the sphere like a flower petal floating to ground.
The sphere disappeared, revealing a vision of a woman with long golden hair that shone like the sun. Moon’s mouth gaped wider, as his eyes widened in astonishment. “Frigga's tits...” he spluttered. 
“Hardly,” chided the woman, glaring at him with disapproval. 
“Priestess!” Liang cried, springing forward.
Swiftly taking in her surroundings, Elphemina motioned the three warriors to stand back. Extending her right arm, a small globe of light appeared on her palm. She whispered a word and flung the globe at the writhing black chasm before her. 
A blinding flash of light erupted, illuminating the gloomy hall, and causing all present to gasp and avert their eyes.
When they looked again, the wall was once more solid greyish-black stone, and the demons, bodies, gore, and mounds of squirming maggots had disappeared. The light had swept away the choking miasma of evil, and even the air smelled fresher.
Moon, Pagan and Liang, covered in non-human gore, stood, weapons dangling limply staring around in disbelief. Moon and Pagan staggered over to the wall and slumped to the floor. The High Priestess caught Liang as her knees buckled with exhaustion and led her over to her fellow warriors, where she slid down the wall to sit alongside them.
Casca moved forward on shaky legs, eyes fixed on Elphemina. “We thank you for your aid, Lady,” he said, mouth dry and head spinning. Elphemina favoured him with a dazzling smile, making him lower his eyes in embarrassment as he felt a red flush travel up his face. “They will not return,” she assured Casca. “I have set a ward to protect the temple.”
Casca murmured his thanks once more, as Elphemina looked across at the three slumped against the wall. “You have done well, but we have to see to your wounds. The Bahktak are foul beasts born of dark sorcery, and wounds from their bite go bad very quickly.”
People began to emerge from behind the stack of benches, and those sheltering in the cellar-kitchens began to climb up the steps. Father Durmast limped up to the High Priestess. “Who are you, Lady?” he asked. “A servant of Mithros, just like you, Father,” she replied. Brow furrowed in confusion, Durmast opened his mouth to ask another question, but Elphemina had turned away.
Raising her arms, she prescribed a circle in the air, and a sphere, similar to the earlier one that had announced her arrival, appeared. She gestured at the four. “Come quickly now. We have to get you back to where I can see to your wounds.” She stepped up to the globe, and vanished. 
Liang and Pagan helped each other up, moved to the sphere and disappeared into it. Moon levered himself up with a grunt. “Frigga's tits,” he grumbled, “more sorcery.” Tentatively reaching out a hand, he touched the globe, and promptly vanished. Casca looked around one last time, nodded to Father Durmast, and walked up to the sphere.
 
 
Lessons
 
 
Startled, Ripper darted away with a snarl as a large shining globe appeared in the middle of the tavern. Peering from the corner of the bar, a querying whimper escaped him as the globe winked out. The whimper was replaced by a loud welcoming bark as four familiar figures appeared. The fifth was unknown to him, but he wasn't concerned, for it was clearly a friend.
“My throat is as dry as a dead man's seed,” Moon declared, as he headed toward the bar. “I need a pigging drink.”
Elphemina glared at him. “There's no time for that. If I don't see to that bite, your flesh will turn black with corruption, and you may lose your arm or even die.”
“Whisht, woman,” the giant retorted, “'tis only a little scratch, and will heal itself in no time.”
“No, it won't you great oaf. It's already going bad, and I can smell your rotting flesh from here.”
Moon paused as he poured himself a tankard of ale, fixing the Priestess with a baleful stare. “You have a harsh tongue on you, woman,” he grumbled. He took a great swallow of ale, then paused, wrinkling his nose. “Sutr's balls, you are right woman.” He placed his tankard on the bar surface, and peered at the wound, poking and probing with a finger. “It does smell foul, and the flesh is turning as black as...Pagan.” He winked at Pagan who grinned back. “Well, let’s get to it!” he demanded, turning back to the hectoring Priestess.
Moving from behind the bar, he sat at a table, emptied his tankard with one long swallow, banged it on the table, and stretched out his mutilated arm. Elphemina pulled out a chair and sat opposite. Closing her eyes, she placed a hand over the weeping wound. Moon arched an eyebrow, his face sceptical, then he almost jerked his arm away as heat suffused it.
Elphemina remained still, her face wreathed in concentration. Finally, she removed her hand, and Moon gasped in wonder as he looked upon firm flesh without a single mark. He clenched his fist, watching the bulky muscles of his forearm bunch without a hint of pain.
Feeling a bit foolish and shamed by his earlier lack of grace, Moon looked at his benefactor sheepishly “My gratitude, Lady,” he whispered in a reverential tone. He was accustomed to minor cuts and such healing quickly, but this was something altogether different. He grinned at Elphemina. “Don't concern yourself with the other wounds. I'm a quick healer.”
“I know,” Elphemina said, “one of the benefits of carrying Ausak demon-bane.”
Pushing the chair back, she rose and walked up to Pagan who sat slumped on another chair, absently scratching Ripper behind the ear. “Your turn now, child,” she said. Remove your baldric and tunic, and lie on the table so I can have a better look at your side.”
Nonplussed at being called a child by a woman who looked no older than him, Pagan did as bidden. Pain flared through him as he lifted his arms to slip his tunic over his head. His left side was a bloody mess and he could see the white of his ribs beneath the jagged gash.
Pagan lay on the table, groaning as his ribs protested. He winced as Elphemina probed at the wound. “Three of your ribs are broken,” she told him. “Now, hold still while I mend the breaks.” She closed her eyes and pressed her hand against Pagan's ribs. He felt heat spread from her palm onto his side. It spread over his torso, warm and pleasant, removing all pain, then faded away.
Elphemina moved to Liang, and gently brushed her hair over her forehead, revealing a long slash just above the hairline. “Ahh, much simpler to deal with,” she said, running her thumb along the cut, which sealed instantly. Stepping back, she addressed the bloodied trio. “I suggest you all get some rest to help the healing process, for we still have much to do.”
The weary and numb Casca, standing at the far end of the bar, had been studying their mysterious benefactor as she went about her ministrations. She was gloriously beautiful, but it was a regal aloof beauty without sensuality, far beyond the desiring of man. Even the hardiest lech would wither and shrivel before it. 
Taller than most women, her gold-hued eyes stood out in a strong, but finely chiselled face. Her flawless skin had a golden glow, and her tied and pulled back gold-spun hair, hung down to her lower back. She wore a shaped golden breastplate over a long-sleeved silver mail-shirt, and her long legs were encased in silver leggings of flexible mail. A scabbarded sword with a large red ruby on its pommel hung at her waist.
Sometime later, after all had eaten a meal of cold meat and cheese, and the trio had taken to bed as advised by Elphemina, Casca sat with the High Priestess. “Can I get you a drink, Lady, perhaps the pressed juice of summer fruits?” he asked. Elphemina shook her head with a smile. “I would much prefer a goblet of Amarian Pale.”
Casca fetched a bottle and copper goblet from behind the bar. Filling the goblet, he slid it across to the Priestess and watched as she took a sip. Nodding in appreciation, she took a larger mouthful.
“How did you know about the attack on the temple?” Casca asked.
“One of my girls...one of the young initiates, a gifted child named Kiandra, saw it in a dream,” Elphemina told him. “I knew I had to warn you, and could only do so by contacting Liang.” 
Elphemina paused to gather her thoughts before continuing. “…You see, every spell has a distinctive signature...or vibration, if you will, and leaves a residue. I became familiar with the vibrations of the empowering spell woven into the Stormblades, when removing Kyung-Su's insidious cantrip. A spell which might have enabled her to return from the dead and possess Liang's body. It was a simple task to link with the vibrations and hence the swords, and from there, the bearer of the swords. The difficulty lay in getting through to Liang, for I had little affinity – such as blood-ties with her. The only link were the enchanted blades.”
Casca nodded. “I think I understand. It appears the swords provide a strong linkage. Pagan, who you'd never met, and now carries one of the blades also heard your voice in his head.”
“Yes... the third Stormblade now belongs to him, as willed by Liang.”
“I saw a blue light surrounding Liang and Pagan when they fought the...demons, and an orange light about Moon,” Pagan said.
“All carry enchanted weapons. What you saw was the radiation cast by the empowering spells woven into the weapons.” Elphemina explained. “The light would shine brighter around Liang than Pagan, for the Stormblades are her birthright, but only a gift to him. The Stormblades and Ausak enhance the senses, and the physical abilities such as strength, speed and reflexes of the bearers when facing sorcerous or demonic foes. No mortal could stand unaided against the Suanggi.”
Casca nodded, but sat silently his eyes downcast. Elphemina also remained silent, waiting for him to speak.
“I felt so...useless,” Casca finally blurted. “I have no magicks nor am I a warrior. All I could do was stand by and watch while the others fought.” He paused, taking a deep shuddering breath. “Two of the beasts and a Suanggi attacked me, and I...I... killed them with...split their heads open…I don’t know how.”
Elphemina held Casca's gaze. “Tell me exactly what happened.” 
She listened intently as he did.
“Now Casca, how did you see those... lights hovering over your friends?”
Casca looked puzzled. “With my eyes, of course. I am sure others in the temple would have seen them too.”
“I doubt that, Casca, not unless they had the power.” Elphemina said. “And no, you didn't see the radiations of the enchanted weapons with your physical eyes. You saw them with your ethereal eyes, called the spirit-eyes by some.”
The High Priestess studied the fair-haired man before her. His hair hung lank, and his eyes were ringed with dark shadows.
“The nature of magick or sorcery is complex and confusing,” she began. “At the most basic level, what you call magick is the ability to use your non-physical senses to see, hear, and sense things others cannot. The talent can show as a child – such as having dreams that show the future, or it may be triggered by strong emotions such as great fear, anger, or finding yourself in a situation endangering your life or those you love. The situation in the temple made you fear greatly for your life and that of your friends. At that moment, your non-physical senses came to the fore, opening your ethereal eyes. This was akin to a stone being removed from a dam, allowing your talent to flood out like rushing water – the force you destroyed the Bahktak with. The talent, like any other, can be honed by study and practice. Using magicks, or casting a spell drains your life-force or essence, leaving you fatigued.” Elphemina inclined her head, brows raised. “You know that now, Casca, your eyes are ringed with fatigue, and you feel you could sleep for a week.”
Casca nodded. “There is truth in that,” he said wryly.
“There are many things invisible to the physical eyes” Elphemina continued, warming to her theme. “The life force...the essence of creation is all around us. Mages, sorcerers and conjurers can manipulate this essence for their purposes. You can manipulate light and air. The Terrene...the globe we travelled here in, is a thing of light and air, imbued with the protective power of Mithros”. 
“Life essence is strong in human blood, making it a potent source of power. Some believe royal blood has more potency, but I have misgivings, for isn't a king or queen just another mortal? Blood magick though, is an evil practice for it involves human sacrifice – Kyung-Su damned her soul by cruelly spilling the blood of hundreds of innocents in her quest for eternal life. Some in their lust for sorcerous power, blacken their souls by entering into pacts with demons.”
Casca was quiet as he took in Elphemina's words. Finally, he shook his head. “Beleth's stones,” he whispered, “I never believed I had the talent.”
“Being of Castillan's line, it is hardly surprising you have the talent for magick,” Elphemina said. “But the talent isn't necessarily passed down the line to each generation.”
Casca nodded. “My father didn't have it, and neither did my grandfather or his father. And neither Aeneas, nor Althea – my daughter, have shown any signs.”
There was another long pause while Casca gathered his whirling thoughts. “When I struck out at...destroyed the Bahktak, it felt like my guts were being turned inside out. I thought my heart would burst through my chest.”
“That was because you had no control over your talent.”
“How do I control it?”
Elphemina shook her head. “We haven't the time to give you lessons.”
But Casca was insistent. “We will be facing the darkest of horrors shortly, and I'd rather not be out there ball-naked, grasping my privates, and hoping for the best.”
Elphemina's laughter rang out. “I think you've been spending too much time with the Axeman. But...I can tell you this. The power of your mind controls your talent. Put simply, concentrate...focus on what you want to do and your talent will manipulate the essence of creation...the energies all around us, accordingly. It is best you stick with defensive measures at first, like raising a shield to protect yourself and your friends from the mind blasts of the Gualich.”
Casca looked uncertain, but Elphemina reassured him. “I don't expect any mind-shield you manage to erect will stand up to the powerful minds of the Gualich. However, it will reinforce the shield I provide, and reduce the drain on me. That would be most useful.”
Casca nodded, then cleared his throat. He wanted to know more about the woman before him. “It is said the High Priestesses who follow the old ways of the Sun god possess the memories of all their predecessors.”
“Yes, that is so,” Elphemina confirmed. “I carry the memories of those who came before me. That is how I know of Castillan and the Gualich. One of my predecessors stood alongside him, Kyung-Su, and Belash against the demons.”
“I met him once.”
“Really? How?”
“He summoned my spirit whilst I slept. He was a... frightening man with blazing blue eyes.”
“Yes, he was a mage of considerable power, but one with an inflated sense of his own abilities.”
“Castillan told me Beleth, the eldest of the Gualich, would be the first to return,” Casca said. “He explained that once we...weakened the demon enough, forcing him to flee back to their home world, he would direct his powers through me to replace the barrier across the gateway.”
Elphemina’s brow furrowed in consternation “Beleth wasn't the first, and we shouldn't look to bar the gateway, but seal it for ever, or better still, destroy it. The danger will be great, but we have little choice. Two of the other brothers have returned to Tor- Arnath, and their towers stand once again. It was they who detected the soul-fire of the people sheltering in the temple, and used their sorcery to open a path for their servants.”
“So how do we close or destroy the portal?”
“All in good time Casca. But first, a basic lesson in how to use your mind to control your talents, then you should prepare yourself for the day of true horror that lies ahead of us.”.
 
*******
 
A cool breeze blew through the meadow under a clear blue sky. Elphemina could feel the grass, soft and spongy under her as she stretched out, her head resting on a rolled-up blanket, the glow of the sun pleasant on her body. Flowers bloomed red, purple, and white, and she breathed deeply drinking in the aroma, as the breeze brought the slightly pungent scent of lilies. Lilies, particularly the white variety were her favourites, because she believed they denoted purity.
Propping herself up on an elbow, she gazed lovingly at the two little girls in bright yellow and red summer dresses, chasing each other around one of the flower beds, their laughter a rich accompaniment to the birdsong. She hoped the twin girls wouldn't get their beautiful dresses dirty, for Mother would chide them so. Elphemina smiled at the thought, for she knew their mother would do no such thing.
Elana and Eona were ten years younger than Elphemina, and their arrival had been a surprise, for their mother, Suza, was thought beyond child-bearing years. Suza believed the twin girls were a gift from Mithros, and rarely chided them unless it was of a very serious nature. And come to think of it, Elphemina couldn't remember any such occasion.
“Careful now, Eona...Elana, don't run over the flowers or hurt them,” Elphemina gently admonished her sisters. “That would upset the Elementals who look after all growing things...and don't get your nice dresses dirty.” The two girls waved at her and carried on playing. Elphemina smiled as she saw them carefully skirt the flower beds. Her smile faded as she saw a figure approaching. Anger flared when she recognized who it was.
“How dare you!” she snarled, climbing to her feet and rearranging her dress down. She instantly shielded herself from any sorcerous attacks.
“Forgive me,” Castillan replied “but I needed to speak to you urgently.”
Elphemina looked into the piercing cerulean eyes of the ancient, long-dead mage, her anger threatening to overwhelm her. “Say what you must, sorcerer and then begone,” she hissed, her voice trembling with suppressed rage.
Castillan bridled, for he disliked being called a sorcerer, but thought better of pointing out that minor matter to the enraged High Priestess of Mithros. “What you are planning to do is madness,” he said, raising both hands in a mollifying gesture.
“What I am planning to do is what you should have done a thousand years ago, but didn't have the courage,” Elphemina said through gritted teeth, as she glared at the sorcerer. 
“Yes... Kaliope, the...emissary of Mithros at the time, wanted us to undertake the course of action you plan,” Castillan responded. “But I told her then, what I tell you now. The risk is too high, for should the Gualich consume a person of power, their strength would be such, they would be impossible to overcome.”
“Yes, the risk is high, but like Kaliope would have, I would take my own life rather than be consumed by the Gualich. In your cowardice, you refused to consider that action.”
“You dare call me a coward?” Castillan thundered, his eyes blazing. “I stood and battled Beleth, the greatest of the Gualich, and sent him and his brothers wailing back to their home world!”
“Yes, I dare!” Elphemina countered, the light of anger in her eyes matching the sorcerer's. “You should have shown more caution when you discovered the gateway. Undoubtedly built by beings of great power and knowledge surpassing yours, it had been lying dormant for a reason. But your thirst for their power and knowledge drove you to ignore the possible risks.”
Elphemina stepped forward, a finger pointing accusingly at the sorcerer. “Your selfish desires overcame sense. Activating the gateway acted as a signpost, attracting the Gualich to our world. And even when you learned the consequences of your actions, you refused to destroy the gateway. Your cowardice meant the world would always have the dark shadow of the Gualich hanging over it.”
“With my descendants always on hand to resist them!” Castillan pointed out.
“There would have been no need for those who came after you to carry that burden, if you had worked with Kaliope to destroy the gateway. Instead you erected a barrier you knew would fail in time, dooming future generations to face the same evil.”
“I did what had to be done!” Castillan, protested.
“More the pity you didn't do what needed to be done,” Elphemina said. “In your vanity, all you did was take credit for the brave unselfish deeds of Belash and Kyung-Su. And place a crushing burden on Casca, one he hasn't the capability to carry – though he is bravely doing his best.”
“Casca is more capable than you think,” Castillan countered.
“Yes, he is capable, but no thanks to you. You left him under-prepared for the threat the world faces, advising a course of action that would likely leave his children or their children facing the same evil in years to come.” 
Elphemina paused as a thought occurred to her. “Could that be it Castillan? Are you so vain, you would have this darkest of shadows hanging over your descendants so the world comes to see the line of Castillan the great mage, as their saviours and protectors from the evil of the soul-eaters? Or do you play another game, with the fanciful tale you told Casca about using him as a conduit to seal the gateway?”
Castillan remained silent, and Elphemina considered her barbs had struck home. “Casca, Liang, Pagan, Moon and the world deserve better than you, sorcerer. I will do what needs to be done and destroy the pigging portal. Now begone, and leave me be!”
Castillan faded from sight, and it was only then that Elphemina noticed her twin sisters had also vanished.
 
*******
 
Elphemina was still angry when she awoke. How dare the sorcerer invade her dreams! She often dreamt of that sunny afternoon with her twin sisters. A few months later, her parents had sent her to the temple in Kandros to serve as hand maiden to Kisandra, the High Priestess. She had taken one look at Elphemina’s unusual-coloured eyes and refused to accept her as hand-maiden, insisting she became an initiate.
Elphemina had been mortified. The post of hand-maiden necessitated only two years of service, then she would return home and wed Callan, the horse breeder's son she had loved since they had played together as children. Being an initiate meant dedicating her life to the service of Mithros and studying the Mysteries. She would never know the joys of motherhood and having her own family.
News reached her two years later that raiders had attacked her parents’ farm, and killed all present. A fearsome anger hit her. Anger at the murderous raiders, and anger at her inability to use her growing talents to save her family. That night, freeing her spirit from its physical binds, she travelled through the mists of the past to that terrible day at the farm. Forcing herself to watch the entire heart-rending scene, she imprinted every single detail of the six raiders on her mind.
Over the next six months, Elphemina entered the dreams of the murderers. Each was found dead in the morning, eyes staring and faces locked in a rictus of sheer terror. 
She spared one. An older man who had joined the raiders, desperate to make enough coin to pay the physician caring for his sick wife and young daughter. They would die without the care. He had tried to dissuade his companions from attacking the lonely farm, arguing it was a small family farm likely with children present. Surely, they would find better booty attacking a merchant's caravan. They hadn't listened, and he had waited outside, sitting by a small stream, whilst they carried out their murderous deeds.
Elphemina rose from the chair, and splashed water on her face from a shallow bowl lying on a table next to her. She had sat down to compose her thoughts and ready herself, but had drifted into a short sleep. It briefly occurred to her that Castillan had somehow placed a sleep spell on her, but dismissed the idea. She moved to the door. It was time to join the others.
Moon had exchanged his customary tankard of ale for a goblet of Amarian Pale, and was engaged in earnest conversation with Liang. There was no sign of Casca or Pagan. As Elphemina moved toward them, she caught the names: Sutr and Frigga.
“Ah, a discussion on the pantheon of Nordir gods,” Elphemina noted. “Frigga, the Queen of the gods, and Sutr, the horned flame-headed ruler of the six hells.” Both looked up as she approached, the Axeman's brow raised quizzically. 
“Hardly,” Liang laughed. “Moon was simply enlightening me on the various ways one can curse using the names of Nordir gods.”
“Ah yes,” Elphemina said disapprovingly. “Highly erudite terms such as Frigga's tits and Sutr's balls.” Liang's pealing laughter rang through the room, as Moon looked from one to another. “Frigga's tits,” he grumbled, “women are either cold as ice and refuse to talk to you, or use words that swirl about a man's brain like a mist!”
The women’s laughter rang out as Pagan and Casca moved into view from behind the bar. “What is our next step?” Pagan asked, as both men walked up. “I say it is time we brought this matter to an end.”
Elphemina met Pagan's gaze, the earlier laughter gone from her eyes. “Yes, it ends soon,” she said. “We take the fight to the Gualich and end their evil.” She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “You are going to be tested as never before for we will be confronting the Gualich and their servants where they are strongest. You have done well against the Suanggi, but at Arnath, you will face the deadliest of them. Then come the Masters, the shape-shifting Gualich. They have some offensive sorcery, but their real strength lies in the power of their minds. They will slither into your heads, fill you with limb-trembling terror, and draw your greatest fears from the deepest recesses of your minds. This weakens the bonds securing your souls, making for easier prey. Such is the mind-numbing terror they can induce, the utter blackness and nothingness, which comes after you surrender your soul, may seem like blessed relief. I will shield you the best I can, and the enchanted weapons you carry will also aid you, but your best protection is the strength of your minds. The fates, the gods, or whatever whimsy, chose you for this task because of the strength of your wills; your refusal to give in before insurmountable odds. You will need strong minds and courage, for we also travel to the home-world of the Gualich to tear down the gateway, so these demons never threaten the world again. We may not return from this journey into the pit itself, but I say it’s a prize worth paying.”
Elphemina paused, meeting the gazes of the four. There was no give in them, their eyes steady and determined. “This time, unlike the previous occasion a thousand years ago, when the historian Elander Zucross was on hand to chronicle events, your bravery and sacrifice will be unrecorded and likely unknown to the world at large. Of course, it will be recorded in the secret archives of the temple in Kandros, but these are privy only to the eyes of the priestesses.”
“Sutr's balls,” Moon muttered. “So, there will be no songs or ballads about how I clove the mightiest of the Gualich from collar-bone to hip with Ausak demon bane.”
 Laughter rang out, then Elphemina turned to Moon, leading him a few paces away from his companions. “I should have told you earlier, Axeman. As I was healing your arm from the corruption of the Bahktak bite, my spirit was drawn to a cancer...a growth in your head that would have killed you before... winter’s end. I removed it, and you should be free from any pain or headaches.”
Moon's mouth gaped in surprise. “Sweet heavens,” the now healthy giant whispered, “no one has ever done anything like that for me before. I can never repay you for this gift of... life, Lady.”
Elphemina smiled. Reaching across, she clasped the Axeman's shoulder. “You are a good man Moon, though you curse and drink too much, and your manners could be improved upon. Now let's go and destroy these pigging demons!”
 
Towers in the Clouds
 
 
Grey clouds scudded across the darkening sky as a flash of golden light lit the blasted landscape of Tor-Arnath, casting deep shadows around the huge stone blocks flung in abandon.
The Terrene winked out of existence, revealing five figures blinking in the fading light as they took stock of their surroundings. Behind them was a wide stone plinth on which stood two pillars about three times the height of a tall man. A wide stone lintel joined the pillars.
The blighted shadow-haunted ancient city of Tor-Arnath spread out before them, dominated by two towers rising in terrible majesty into the darkening sky. As the new arrivals gazed at the towers of the Gualich, a mass of dark figures disgorged from the low buildings set below.
The five stood in a line as the mass of demon-beasts bore down on them. Pagan, Moon and Liang drew their weapons and readied themselves. Mouth dry with fear, Casca said a silent prayer as he glanced at Elphemina standing next to him. 
The Priestess stood tall and regal, her gold-hued eyes ablaze; beacons of light in the all-pervasive gloom of Tor-Arnath. Casca expected her to raise her arms and reduce the beasts into charred, smoking husks with a blast of coruscating magick. But she did no such thing.
The Bahktak grew closer. Casca glanced at the trio of warriors. Faces set and eyes determined, they awaited the hell-hounds. Moon's teeth were bared in a rictus grin, knuckles white on Ausak's haft. Standing with tree trunk-like legs braced, and towering over his companions, he looked indestructible. 
Pagan and Liang stood side-by-side, eyes calm, their stances mirroring each other: sideways-on to the approaching beasts, feet roughly shoulder-width apart, knees bent slightly, and arms hanging loosely. Their enchanted blades blazed bluish-silver, points trailing close to the rocky ground.
Surely someone must move or do something, thought Casca, his fear growing. It took all his courage to stand alongside his companions who seemed to be without a care in the world. The drum-beat of hundreds of misshapen paws on the ground vibrated under his feet, and the stench of their breath and damp matted fur assailed his nostrils.
Liang stepped forward, twin blades raised high. Thunder rumbled overhead, and lightning forked across the sky. A twin spear of jagged lightning lanced onto the Stormblades, illuminating Liang like a lightning sprite. Blue light sparked and crackled around the swords and the slender dark-haired woman, making her companions step back in some alarm. 
“Sutr's teeth,” Moon whispered in awe. Pagan felt his sword vibrate and a jolt run up his arm. His whole body tingled as a surge of energy suffused him. He felt no pain or discomfort, just an overwhelming sense of...power.
Instinctively knowing his place was beside Liang, Pagan stepped forward. She turned her head, and his breath caught in his throat as he saw her eyes. Mirroring the skies above, a lambent light shone behind them. He shivered as a frisson of excitement laced with trepidation trilled through him, firing his blood. He knew at that moment he and Liang were inextricably linked, the gut-wrenching intensity of his feelings surprising him. 
A detached part of him wondered why such emotions should rise to the fore here, now, in this benighted demon-haunted place, as hundreds of giant demon-hounds bore down on them.
Pagan fair jumped out of his skin as Liang let out a piercing shriek. Eyes blazing, the Storm Maiden pointed her swords – arms outstretched, at the charging Bahktak. Blazing blue light lanced out from the blades, sweeping over the beasts. A sweet pungent smell that usually presages a lightning storm washed over the five.
A frightful yowling rent the air as the blue fire ripped through the beasts, consuming them utterly, the only indication they were ever there, being the stench of burnt fur and roasted flesh that wafted over the watchers.
Pagan met Liang’s eyes. “I hate those foul, maggot-ridden beast.” she said, her voice cold. 
Moon stepped forward, placing a huge hand on her shoulder. “That was some display, lass. Those were flames to match even Sutr's fire.” He yanked his hand away in alarm as he caught sight of the azure fire smouldering in Liang’s eyes. 
The flames banked, and the Storm Maiden retreated. Liang gave the Axeman a tight smile. Moon puffed out his cheeks in relief, then grinned.
The two green-hued towers – the citadels of the two Gualich, Jakut and Surgat, beckoned. The five moved forward, picking their way through the stone and rock-strewn expanse.
A hum filled the air as a latticework of green and yellow light pulsed between the towers, and a dreadful fear, and feeling of hopelessness swamped the approaching humans.
Pagan's legs began to tremble uncontrollably as images and feelings of impending doom washed over him: How foolish he had been to believe he could face the might of the Gualich. He was nothing but a worm, and his weapons, useless. Better if he dropped his sword, and knelt before his masters.
He gritted his teeth and pushed on, each step akin to pushing through quicksand. The hilt of the Stormblade was red-hot in his hand, and he could smell his burning flesh. Drop it, drop it! screamed his mind, but he grimly held on. He fell as his knees buckled, his head glancing off a rock. His head spun, and he slid toward unconsciousness. 
Beating away the blackness with a great effort of will, he pushed himself onto his knees. His head felt impossibly heavy as he tried to raise it, his vision swam, and his whole body began to shake with an intensity that caused his muscles to cramp. The drumbeat of his heart reverberated through his entire body, the organ threatening to burst through his chest.
Moon stood, legs braced, as if straining to push through an invisible wall barring his way. Legs shaking from the effort, his huge thigh and backside muscles threatened to rip through his leather trews. The muscles of his arms, chest and shoulders writhed like the coils of a python, the veins in his temple stood out – reddish-purple worms under his skin, and his bloodshot eye bulged, as tiny blood-vessels ruptured under the immense pressure. Lips drawn back in a rictus grin, a thin line of saliva drooled down his chin as he battled the unseen demons assailing his mind.
Liang stopped, head bowed, as a feeling of terror, and her own insignificance wormed into her soul. Foolish, deluded woman. You are going to die a horrible death, and there is nothing you can do. Better for all if you crawl on your belly and plead for your life. Perhaps the Masters will grant you eternal life and turn you into one of their servants, a Suanggi to obey their every whim.
Slowly, her head lifted, and the light of the Storm Maiden once again blazed from her eyes. Gritting her teeth, she lurched over to Pagan and knelt beside him, curling an arm around his shoulder. “Courage, my love,” she whispered.
Casca, swamped by his fears, curled into a ball, whimpering and gibbering, his eyes vacant. Elphemina's voice whispered in his mind – a soothing balm. “Breathe deeply and slowly, Casca. Picture Aeneas's face and focus on it.” Casca moaned, retreating within himself in protest at the twin diverging influences invading the privacy of his mind. Eventually, Elphemina's soft, yet insistent voice broke through the dread.
Thinking of Aeneas, he pictured his face as it was that day when they found the sorely wounded wolf-mastiff cross in front of the Philosopher's Folly. Aeneas had knelt by the dog, cradling its huge head in his arms, anguish, concern and hope on his face, as he pleaded they take the beast in and tend its wounds.
 The fear and dreadful images faded, but he could sense them still lurking, gathering for another assault. Elphemina's voice came again. “Banish any fears from your mind and concentrate. Imagine an impenetrable shield of light around us all. Concentrate and make it happen. I will join with your mind and guide you.”
Casca felt a heat in his head, then it was as if a door opened, showing myriad paths ahead. Confused, he was uncertain which to take, then he felt the presence – warm and comforting, yet of immense power. At once, the right path became evident, and he stepped onto it without hesitation. He felt a force build within him, felt it grow stronger as it joined with another force of similar vibration. 
The dual-shield of Mithros's envoy and the neophyte mage flowed out. It was invisible to the physical eyes, but Casca's ethereal eyes opened, revealing a reddish-gold light enveloping him and his companions.
Grasping Elphemina's outstretched hand, Casca got to his feet. His mouth was dry and he felt like he had just woken from a dark nightmare, the vestiges echoing in his mind.
Moon ceased his struggle against the invisible wall. Blinking, he shook his head as the fears that had almost unmanned him faded away. He felt a throbbing pain deep within his skull, and lifted a hand to wipe away the trickle of blood flowing from his nostrils. Angry now, he bent and picked up Ausak Demon Bane lying on the ground before him. Mouth working soundlessly under his beard he glared around seeking an enemy to cleave.
Liang helped Pagan to his feet. Reaching up, she wiped away a smear of blood from the cut on his head. Pagan’s mouth was dry, his limbs weak, and the muscles of his chest and legs throbbed with a deep pain. Taking several deep breaths, he tried to centre himself, then turned to look at Liang. Despite their parlous situation, his heart soared, and he leant forward to kiss her on the forehead. Their eyes locked, then both turned to fix their gazes on the blighted twin towers ahead.
Casca and Elphemina moved toward the other three. “I am afraid there is worse to come,” the High Priestess told them.
Moon grimaced. “You don't believe in honey-coating things, do you?”
“Casca and I have erected a shield to protect us from the horror and fear projected by the Gualich,” Elphemina said. “But I can feel them pushing against it and am not sure how long it will hold, for we will feel the full force of their power once we enter their towers.”
“Casca?” Pagan queried, looking at his friend, who nodded with a thin smile.
“Yes,” Elphemina said “We discovered he inherited some of Castillan's talents.”
“Sutr's teeth,” Moon muttered, distinctly unimpressed. “Another pigging sorceror.”
“I am not a sorceror,” Casca protested “I can simply see and do...”
“...things other men can't,” the Axeman interrupted, “if that's not a sorceror, I don't know what is.”
“Enough bickering and let’s get to it,” Pagan said, his voice sharp. “If Casca being a sorceror or mage, or whatever you want to call him, will help us defeat this evil, I am all for it.”
The hum of the light pulsing between the towers got louder, setting their teeth on edge as they approached. Bathed in the eerie flickering light, the blasted landscape appeared alive. The smaller rocks: scampering imps snapping at the ankles of the interlopers, and the huge blocks: gigantic rock trolls; stone fists raised to crush and smear them across the rocky ground.
“Sweet heavens,” Casca whispered, eyes wide as he looked around fearfully, “it’s just as Elander Zucross wrote...” A groaning, tearing sound interrupted his words, then the ground heaved and writhed, throwing him and the others off balance.
“An earthquake?” Liang said.
“Sutr's balls!” Moon exclaimed, pointing at something ahead of them “Earthquake, my backside! Did pigging Zucross write about that?”
A colossal figure loomed in the gloom. A greenish light, similar to that above them, glowed within its stone body, giving it a spectral transparent appearance. Looming high above them, its eyes shone coal-red, and its mouth, a black cavern as it roared. The sound blasted out like rolling thunder, accompanied by a foul gust of wind that swept over the interlopers, making them gag and retch.
Casca didn't answer the Axeman, but he knew exactly what the creature was, for Zucross had written about the Korbut. Stone creatures given life by the Gualich.
Pagan looked up to see a massive stone fist sweep down at his head. Shoving Liang out of the way, he flung himself to his right, landing hard on his shoulder. The huge fist hammered into the rocky ground sending stone-splinters flying into his face.
Intent on Pagan, the Korbut brought an enormous foot down. Pagan rolled desperately – the animated stone foot scant missing him – and fetched up against a boulder. A tearing groan sounded as the creature bent down, shovel-sized fingers spread as they reached for Pagan 
Moon sprang forward, swinging Ausak at the abomination's leg. The axe tore through its ankle, making it lurch drunkenly to one side. The Korbut's mouth opened wide in a tearing screech of pain that hurt the ears. Moon staggered back. Lifting a hand to his left ear he felt a trickle of blood run down his jawline.
The Korbut turned ponderously to face Moon, an arm swinging down. The Axeman flung himself to one side then rolled to his feet. 
Off-balance and missing a foot, the Korbut lurched as it turned. The cavern of its mouth yawned open, and green fire spewed out.
Moon fell back in alarm, reflexively raising his axe before his face. The green flames splashed against Ausak's black blades. Moon, faced turned away from the flames, felt the haft grow hot in his hands, then the flames disappeared. The axe had absorbed the eldritch fire. The Axeman didn't understand how, but was thankful for the boon.
Snarling, Moon took three running steps and launched himself at the Korbut. As he leapt, he lifted Ausak high above his head in a double-grip, and brought it down with all his strength, black blade biting deep into the monstrosity's chest. Moon’s weight tore the blade clear, and landing lightly on the balls of his feet, he looked up at his animated-stone foe.
The rip in the Korbut's chest grew larger and spread downward. Green smoke gushed from the crevasse and cracks spread – a spider web criss-crossing its body. 
The Korbut stopped stock-still, for further movement might cause it to break apart. Moon standing before it, had seen enough rock falls in the mountains to have no doubt what would happen next. Leaping back hastily, he watched as the creature collapsed with a grating sound of splintering stone amid a cloud of choking dust.
Pagan, Casca, Liang and Elphemina ran up to the Axeman as he cursed under his breath while rubbing sand and rock-grit from his eye. Turning his head, he coughed violently, hawked and spat. “Pigging thing tries to swat me like a fly, fry me with green fire, blind my one-good eye and then choke me!” he grumbled.
Moving warily, they split into two groups as they approached the towers. 
As Casca, Liang and Pagan neared the closer green-stoned monolith, a figure stepped from the doorway, ochre eyes glowing. It moved forward and stopped a few paces in front of them. A sepulchral voice echoed in Pagan's head. “Black man, you are a fool to come here. I am going to take your soul.”
Pagan glanced at Liang and Casca, motioned them to stay back, then stepped forward, his left hand reaching over his shoulder to grasp the hilt of his sword. He paused as Liang grabbed his arm. “Is this wise? Better we face this creature together.”
Pagan shook his head. “No, the demon challenged me. I’ll face it alone.”
Liang’s brow furrowed in confusion for she hadn’t heard any such challenge, but she stepped back
The Stormblade slid clear of its scabbard with a metallic hiss and Pagan locked gazes with his unearthly foe. The skeletal-thin Suanggi towered over him. Pagan shivered, partly with dread and partly from the chill coming from the creature as he looked into its eyes.
Herald regarded his opponent, his eyes disdainful, then his serrated blade swept from its scabbard, arcing toward Pagan's throat. Unprepared for the speed of the Suanggi, Pagan barely swayed back in the nick of time, the blade opening a shallow cut across the top of his chest.
“You are no match for me human,” came the voice in his head. “Lay down your sword and offer me your neck. I will take your soul quickly, without pain.”
Pagan didn't respond to the taunt. Taking a two-handed grip on his sword, he breathed deeply seeking shenxin – relaxed focus, awareness, balance and control. 
Herald leapt forward again, his sword cutting and slashing. Star-forged enchanted blade and dark sorcery-forged weapon sprang together time and time again, ringing and echoing like the toll of doom in the blasted wasteland of Tor-Arnath. The eerie light pulsing between the green monoliths that dared invade the sanctity of the clouds, bathed the combatants in a surreal dance-macabre.
 The Suanggi's sinuous grace made it fiendishly difficult for Pagan to read its movements, and its height, reach and sheer speed presented a nightmare. Pagan blocked and parried, desperately trying to keep the red blade from his flesh. He didn't succeed. 
Apart from the cut across his chest, blood was trickling from a wound on his stomach – he had thrown himself back desperately as Herald executed a lightning fast lunge. Blood also ran down his face from a crescent shaped cut under his right eye. Attempting a riposte to another lunge, the Suanggi's counter-riposte had barely missed his eye.
Realising staying on the back-foot gave all the advantages to his much taller, longer- limbed opponent, Pagan leapt at the Suanggi, his sword weaving a deadly pattern. Parrying a ferocious cut, he spun on his heel and hammered the hilt of the Stormblade into the creature’s temple. Herald staggered back and Pagan followed through with a vicious diagonal cut.
He almost lost his head as Herald twisted out of the way and swept his sword at Pagan's neck. Almost of its own volition, the Stormblade rose to block the cut, and arm shivering from the impact, Pagan reeled backward.
Teeth bared in a feral grin and eyes blazing, Pagan hurled himself forward again. The Stormblade felt lighter in his hand – an extension of his arm – an extension of his body – an extension of his will. It licked out and caressed Herald's chest; yellow blood sprayed the air. The Suanggi countered with a swift disembowelling thrust, but the Stormblade languidly swept down to deflect it.
Time and again their swords rang together. Breath rasped through Pagan's teeth, but he felt a thrilling power surge through his veins. 
Herald's sword swept down, but the Stormblade met it. Man and demon stood chest-to-chest – or more accurately head-to-chest for the creature towered over Pagan – a high-pitched metallic screech rending the air as their swords slid together. Breath hissed between Pagan's teeth, the veins in his neck bulged, and his legs trembled with the effort, as he pushed against the Suanggi's greater weight.
Their eyes locked, and Pagan's senses swam as the Suanggi's slitted yellow orbs seemed to grow larger, drawing him into the swirling vortex of their depths. He stopped straining against Herald, absorbed his momentum, and used it to propel himself into a backward somersault. Landing perfectly poised on the balls of his feet, he sprang forward, his sword lashing out in a whistling cut to the overbalanced Suanggi's sword arm.
Herald's mouth opened wide in a silent scream as the Stormblade sliced through skin, muscle, sinew and bone, sending the severed arm – still gripping the red blade, soaring through the eerily lit air. 
Yellow gore gushed from the stump as Pagan moved in for the kill. He stopped, eyes widening in shock as a new arm sprouted from the stump.
“You are mine now, human,” the jubilant voice echoed in Pagan's head as Herald's elongated tongue darted out, wrapping itself around his neck. 
Pagan struggled for breath as the thick, slimy, suckered member constricted, lifted him off the ground and dragged him forward. But much worse was the tearing indescribable agony as he felt his very soul being torn from him.
Pagan panicked, scrabbling at the tongue with his free hand, his sword dangling limply in his other hand. 
Liang watching, gasped in horror, and tried to move to his aid, but an unseen barrier baulked her. 
Pagan tried to scream, but couldn't, for he couldn't draw breath. Then he felt a presence in his mind. Sagayetha's – the old shaman – voice, was like a cooling breeze calming him. “Courage, Pagan,” it whispered, “Courage!” 
He stopped struggling, allowing Herald to reel him in. Face to face with the demon, he stared defiantly into its gloating eyes, a mirthless grin on his lips.
Herald's anticipation grew, any moment now...then a sliver of doubt intruded, for he saw no fear in the human's eyes. Pagan saw the flicker of uncertainty in the Suanggi's eyes, his left arm rose and he flicked his wrist.
The Stormblade sliced through Herald's tongue. The demon staggered back, yellow eyes wide in shock and agony as the truncated member sprayed yellow blood and ichor. 
Pagan, landing lightly on his feet, reached up with his right hand and tore off the remnant of the Suanggi's tongue wrapped around his neck. Then springing forward with a fierce battle cry – one he had last uttered a lifetime ago in the village of the Crocodile People, he swung the Stormblade in a slashing reverse cut. The enchanted blade met little resistance as it sheared through Herald's neck. The Suanggi's head lifted high in the air before hitting the rock-strewn ground with a wet thump.
“Grow that back, you lizard-eyed whoreson,” Pagan snarled. Herald took a couple of faltering steps forward – blood jetting from the stump of his neck – before realizing his head was missing. His body slumped to the ground like a puppet with its strings cut.
 
*******
 
Over at the other tower, Moon deflected a ferocious cut and hammered a left hook into Kirinos-Halbro's jaw. 
The usurper king staggered back a step, then his sword swept out, scouring a cut across Moon's jerkin as the Axeman jumped back. 
Kirinos-Halbro was a huge figure, almost as big as Moon. When alive, he had been a mighty warrior and unmatched swordsman, and these attributes had been enhanced by the unearthly vitality of a Suanggi.
The two giants circled each other. There was no mockery in the Usurper's eyes, and Moon's mouth was set in a grim line for though a soul-stealing demon, it was clear he faced an opponent of considerable skill.
Kirinos-Halbro surged at Moon, his great sword cleaving the air. The Axeman side-stepped and swept Ausak down, the black blades crunching through the Usurper's shoulder and chest. 
The former king stopped and looked disbelievingly at the axe jutting from his flesh. Moon tried to jerk Ausak free, but it was stuck. Raising his leg, he planted his knee on the Usurper's chest and yanked the axe free. Blood spurted and Kirinos-Halbro fell.
Moon stood, chest heaving, a bewildered look on his face as he gazed down at the fallen Suanggi. It was almost as if… but he dismissed the matter as Elphemina walked up to him, and together, they moved toward the dark doorway gaping at the bottom of the tower. 
Upon entering, they found themselves in a circular chamber. Both looked around in bemusement for the only thing that broke the seamless singularity of the chamber was a swirling, liquid-like, dark rectangular mass set in the far wall.
Glancing at the Axeman, Elphemina walked over to the dark mass. Moon, shaking his head at the absurdity of it all followed her. Wondering how liquid could be suspended vertically, he tentatively poked it with his finger. It was icy cold, and his finger went through it. 
Withdrawing his finger, Moon glanced at Elphemina and shrugged. “I think it is some kind of doorway,” she said. “Well, let’s see where it leads to,” the Axeman responded, grabbing the High Priestess's arm and stepping through it.
Moon and Elphemina felt like they were stepping through an icy-cold waterfall, then they found themselves in another chamber. The chamber was encircled by high windows of thick greenish glass, which let in a semblance of illumination from the pulsing light outside. Ahead of them was a figure sitting legs folded, on the floor. The figure rose sinuously and regarded them silently.
They saw it was a tall powerfully built man in a dark robe girded at the waist by a thin golden belt, such as a priest would wear.
“What are you, man or demon?” Moon grated, eye narrowing. “I am Surgat,” a voice resounded painfully in the Axeman's head.
Her eyes concerned, Elphemina grabbed the Axeman by the arm and stepped in front of him, only to reel backward, her hands held to her head. Screaming in pain, she fell to her knees.
Snarling, Moon hefted Ausak and charged at the figure, only to stop abruptly as if he had run into an invisible barrier. His axe fell from his hand and he lurched backward before also dropping to his knees.
Once again, Moon was a stripling of sixteen winters facing the enraged bear in the mountains. A fierce snow storm lashed huge snowflakes into his face, burning his skin like fire. Gritting his teeth against the unexpected pain, he reached for the dagger in his belt, but found it wasn't there. Horrified, he backed away, but he couldn't flee, for the deep snow underfoot hampered him. Bending down, he picked up a thick broken branch and faced the bear. As the enraged beast bore down on him he dealt it a fearsome blow on the head. The branch snapped in two, and the bear was upon him.
Razor-sharp claws slashed down, laying open his face. He screamed in pain, then all went dark. When light returned, he could see his blood soaking into the snow and what looked like eyeballs. The agony in his face was almost intolerable. Reaching up, he gingerly felt his face, and to his horror, there were only two gory holes where his eyes should have been. He was blind! But if he was blind, how could he see his eyeballs resting on the snow at his feet?
Leaning forward, he looked again, and there they were lying in the snow, looking up at him. He opened his mouth and screamed his agony and utter despair to the snow-laden skies.
All went dark. Then he was back in the settlement. He could feel the heat of the roaring fire in the hearth of the long house, hear the voices and laughter of the men as they ate and drank, and the sound of the howling wind outside. A loud voice called to him, and he lifted his head trying to make out the direction it had come from.
The voice called again. “C’mon man, are you not hungry, or should I give it to the dogs instead?” Other voices were raised in cruel laughter, but pinpointing the voice offering him food, Moon crawled toward it, wincing and grunting in pain as he navigated a way through the boots that dug painfully into his ribs. One caught him in the mouth, crushing his lips against his teeth, and he tasted blood. Finally, he bumped into an outstretched leg.
“C’mon you blind dog, beg for your food.” came the voice. Moon sat up and raised his head, mouth open and drool running down his chin in anticipation. A hunk of meat bounced off his forehead and landed on the straw-strewn floor. Scrabbling on his hands and knees, he finally found it and raised it to his mouth.
Everything went dark, then he was sitting huddled in a filthy bearskin robe outside the settlement's ale house. He could hear sounds of merriment from inside. As he licked dry lips, he heard children run by, then stop. A large snowball hit him on the head, then a small stone – the pain sharp in the cold. He roared at the children to leave him be, but they merely laughed and threw more missiles at him.
Tears rolled down his cheeks. How can I cry if I don't have any eyes? The thought flashed through his mind, then he started laughing – hysterical mirth that turned into great sobs as his throat constricted and his chest heaved.
Elphemina forced herself to her feet as sharp pain lanced into her skull, making her eyes stream with tears. Gritting her teeth, she slowly lifted her right arm. The effort almost made her black out. Concentrating, she traced a pattern in the air and whispered the words of power. An orange light enveloped her and the sobbing Axeman still on his knees.
Moon shook his head like a great big bear, and got to his feet, eye blazing, with Ausak Demon Bane in his hands. “You puking whoreson!” he screamed, hurling himself at Surgat, bringing the axe down in a powerful downward strike.
Surgat shimmered.
Gone was the man, and Ausak struck home in the body of a figure from deep nightmare. The head was round with pointed ears atop the skull, a single lidless eye in the centre of the forehead, and a wide gash of a mouth rimmed with sharp teeth the length of a grown man's forearm. A long, articulated neck connected the head to a thick scaled body that coiled and undulated like a snake. Long, questing, puckered tentacles protruded on each side of the body. Moon blinked in astonishment at what appeared to be eyeballs at the end of each tentacle.
Moon tore his axe clear in a welter of dark blood and ducked as the tentacles whipped at his head. Ausak sang out in a wide arc and several of the slimy protuberances flew into the air. 
A tentacle wrapped itself around his neck and searing pain lanced through him. Screaming to release the agony, he sliced Ausak through the tentacle, ripped what was left from his neck, and threw himself once more at the creature towering over him, hacking and cutting.
Ausak tore great chunks of flesh from Surgat, but the wounds healed and the flesh grew anew each time the axe was withdrawn. But Moon, is his near-berserker rage was a man possessed. “You can bleed demon, if I keep cutting you, you will eventually die!” he hissed through clenched teeth. 
Tentacles whipped at Moon, searing his flesh, to be sliced off by the slashing Ausak, and promptly regenerated by inhuman vitality and dark sorcery.
Elphemina stood watching the immense struggle between man and demon, then drew her sword. It blazed like the sun, chasing away the sickly green light coming from outside. “Hold still Axeman!” she called. 
Glancing over his shoulder, Moon did as bidden, gritting his teeth against the pain, as more tentacles wrapped around him. He felt his head spin, but he held on grimly, tree trunk-like legs spread wide. 
Changing her grip on the hilt, and holding the sword as a large dagger, Elphemina took three running steps and leapt onto the Axeman's shoulder. As soon as her foot hit, she pushed off with explosive power, soaring high in the air, sword held above her head, point downward.
A scream of exultation burst from Elphemina's lips as the blade plunged hilt-deep into Surgat's eye. She and Moon screamed in pain, as Surgat's ululation of agony echoed deep in their heads. 
Surgat's head twisted violently on his long, articulated neck, ichor from the terrible wound spraying the air. Elphemina held on to her sword grimly as she was hurled about, legs swinging.
Finally, she managed to wrench the sword clear in a gout of foul-smelling gore, and twisting in mid-air, she landed on the floor, knees bent to absorb the impact. As the sword tore clear, the gash in the orb sealed, and it swiftly regenerated. 
The head swung toward Elphemina, ghastly mouth open, and fangs dripping venom. Moon leapt forward roaring, and swung Ausak again. The axe bit deep, almost severing the neck.
The long neck slumped to the floor in a pool of dark, reeking blood and the great body convulsed. It shimmered and turned into a huge bloated mass festooned with large spikes, pulsing and expanding as if filled with air.
“Get down!” Elphemina screamed, throwing herself at Moon. As they hit the floor, the razor-sharp spikes whistled through the air above them. Some fell to the floor and others shattered against the green walls of the chamber. The bloated body moved forward in short hops, leaving mounds of slime in its wake. Four long arms armed with serrated pincers extended from the body.
 
*******
 
Outside the tower, Kirinos-Halbro stirred. His right arm was almost torn from his body, and the shattered bones of his sternum and ribcage shone white beneath the huge gash on his chest. Grasping his sword in his left hand, he dragged himself toward the doorway, leaving a wide trail of blood on the rocky ground. Agony tore through him with every movement, but he made it through the door and up to the swirling liquid gateway.
Back in the tower, Moon rolled to his feet. “Won’t this pigging thing die?” he snarled, chest heaving as he sucked air. 
Ausak powered through the foetid air. Its black blades sliced through the searching arms, but eight new appendages appeared, pincers opening and shutting with chitinous clangs, seeking the flesh of the humans who had dared challenge it in its own demesne. “Worms!” the voice echoed in Elphemina's and Moon's heads. “You cannot kill me!” Then came the grating titter of laughter.
The liquid gateway swirled and the Axeman and Elphemina were stunned to see Kirinos-Halbro appear. The horrendous gash on his chest had stopped bleeding, and there was a gaping wound where his right arm and shoulder had been. He had no right to be still alive, but the light of life shone balefully in his slitted yellow eyes as he raised his red-bladed sword in his left arm.
“Sutr's balls!” whispered Moon in astonishment, as Elphemina lifted her sword and moved toward the Suanggi who like his master, simply refused to die. 
The Axeman's eyes widened in shock, and his jaw dropped, as Kirinos-Halbro hurled himself at Surgat. Landing on the bloated body with a loud squelch, he brought his sword down with all his remaining strength, driving it through the pulsing pulp all the way to the hilt.
As the sound of the Gualich's agony reverberated through their skulls, Moon and Elphemina acted as one. Moon brought Ausak down with all his strength, virtually cutting the bloated body in half, while the Priestess plunged her sword of light deep, alongside the Usurper's red blade.
Mercifully, no screams of agony invaded their skulls this time. The nightmarish bloated thing that had been Surgat simply disappeared, leaving Kirinos-Halbro lying face down in the putrid gore on the floor, his and Elphemina's sword lying next to him.
Moon and Elphemina glanced at each other in bewilderment then approached the twitching body. The Axeman placed his foot under the body and flipped it onto its back. Light shone weakly in the Suanggi’s eyes. 
Kirinos-Halbro fixed his failing gaze on the two humans; their faces hovering over him fading in and out of focus. He tried to smile...He took a last juddering breath over a thousand years after he first betrayed his people and humanity. He so hoped this last act had helped tip the scales somewhat, but he doubted it. His slitted yellow eyes filmed over...
 
*******
 
 
About the same time Moon and Elphemina were entering Surgat's tower, Liang, Pagan and Casca stood in the lower chamber of the other tower, trying to solve the puzzle of the swirling liquid gateway ahead of them. Upon divining its purpose, they found themselves in an upper chamber identical to the one Moon and Elphemina discovered in Surgat's monolith.
They emerged into the dimly-lit room, to be greeted by a tall powerfully built man clad in a deep green robe girded at the waist with a golden belt. He had jet-black hair swept back from his forehead like a raven's wing, black eyes that seemed to suck what little light there was from the room, and thin cruel lips. The lips didn't move as his sonorous voice reverberated within their skulls. “Welcome humans, we have been expecting you. I expect your friends are currently being entertained by my brother, Surgat.”
Liang and Pagan drew their swords and stepped forward while Casca hung back, his forehead creased in concentration and sweat beading his brow. He could feel a tremendous force pushing against the shield he had erected to protect them against the Gualich's malign minds, and he wasn't sure how long he could hold it. 
Casca’s uncertainty was well-founded. He cried out, raising both hands to his head as pain roared through his skull. His vision swam, and he fell to the floor, unconscious.
Liang and Pagan turned around anxiously at their friend's distress, but the nightmare was just beginning as both reeled drunkenly and also slumped to the floor.
Liang was once again the little girl at the Jade Castle running about with gay abandon in the thunderstorm, eyes alight with joy. But this time she wasn't alone. Another little girl ran alongside, keeping pace with her. 
Turning to look at her new playmate, Liang’s blood froze with horror. She saw a bone-white face set with blood-red eyes, two gaping holes where the nose should be, and a thin-lipped mouth spread in a mocking smile, revealing black, pointed teeth. Appallingly, she recognized her twin in that horrific face crooning a little ditty as she ran along:
“Poor little Liang, doesn't know who named her,
never knew her mother or father,
doesn't know where she came from.
Was her father a black devil,
a yellow imp, or a white dwarf,
and her mother a demon?
Poor lost Liang
yearns to carry the Stormblades and ride the lightning.
But the Stormblades and your body belong to me
and I will reclaim them...”
A serpent's tongue darted between her lips, and Liang recognized Kyung-Su, whom she had encountered on the hill of skulls in what she thought had been a dream. Anger welled up in her.
She reached out, and wrapped her small hands around her tormentor's throat, glaring into those crimson eyes. “I know who I am!” she shouted. “I am Liang, the Stormblades are mine and you will never claim my body. Now, leave me alone, you red-eyed witch!” She tightened her grip, wrenching violently. Small bones cracked, and Kyung-Su's head lolled to one side.
Liang opened her eyes and momentarily wished she hadn't, for the black eyes of the Gualich floated before her. Screaming in revulsion, she rolled away, the Stormblades sliding from their sheaths as she regained her feet. She could see Pagan sitting on the floor, knees clasped to his chest, and tears rolling down his cheeks. She wondered what horrors he was going through. 
Casca was lying unmoving, face down.
Jakut stepped back, and reached for a red-bladed serrated broadsword lying on a low table. He smiled at Liang – an open friendly smile such as one would exchange with a friend, or a lover, perhaps. 
Liang shuddered in revulsion, then a soft voice whispered in her head, compounding her feeling of violation. “Come sweet girl, let's dance, for there is nothing more intimate than the dance of the blades.” 
As Jakut spoke, his body expanded and elongated, great bands of muscle rippled across his chest, shoulders and arms, and a long tail tipped with a scorpion's sting hovered over his shoulders.
Casca sat back against the wall in the courtyard of the Philosopher's Folly. He took a long drag on his pipe, sucked the aromatic hagash smoke deep into his lungs, and exhaled noisily.
His pupils dilated and he smiled dreamily as he watched Aeneas and Ripper roll about in mock-fight. He was content, the sun shone down from a cloudless sky, and life was good. Then, a loud voice intruded on his idyll. Irritated, he looked around, but couldn't find its source. 
He took another drag on his pipe. “Wake up, kinsman!” the voice shouted. “Your friends are dying, and your world goes to its doom while you sit around with your head up your backside. Wake up, damn your eyes!” Recognizing Castillan's voice, Casca's head jerked up and the pipe fell from his hand...
The floor was hard and cold under Casca's face, and his nose and forehead hurt from his face-down fall. The blood pouring from his nose, and pooling under his face, suggested he might have broken it. Sitting up with a groan, he was shocked to see Pagan sitting on the floor, sobbing loudly as he rocked to-and-fro. 
The crash of weapons and sound of feet scuffling and sliding on the floor drew Casca’s eyes to Liang locked in combat with a huge muscular man bearing a massive red broadsword. He blinked in incredulity at the long tail whipping about the man's shoulders, seeking to impale the slender woman with its venom-dripping sting. He rubbed at his nose, and the sharp pain of his broken member spearing through his skull snapped his foggy mind back into focus.
That was no man facing Liang, but one of the Gualich, and he had to help. Closing his eyes, his concentration deepened and he sought the pathways in his mind Elphemina had helped open. He found the right one and focused.
Groggy, Pagan sat up in the meadow at Amadou-Zongai where he and his childhood sweetheart Amla, had just shared the joys of ultimate intimacy. His head hurt and he could feel blood running down his face. He heard a piercing scream, sounds of a struggle and bestial grunting. As his vision cleared, he saw Amla struggling with several Crocodile men. They ripped her clothes off and threw her to the ground. One of them loosened his breech-clout.
Pagan struggled to rise to go to her aid, but he couldn't move. There was no one holding him down, nor any visible force impairing him. But he couldn't move, no matter how hard he tried. Amla screamed, and screamed again, the sound like a red-hot dagger through his heart. He opened his mouth and bellowed his rage and hatred at the defilers. One of them glanced over his shoulder at him and grinned, horrific lust shinning in his eyes.
Pagan tried to close his eyes and turn away from the scene in front of him, but even that small mercy was denied him. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, the beasts sated their lusts, then one raised his club...
Casca could see a faint light envelop Pagan as he managed to raise the mind-shield, but his efforts were clearly not strong enough for his friend still sat there sobbing piteously. The light deepened, an orange glow overlying the faint luminance, and Casca knew Elphemina was aiding him. He saw his friend's tears cease...
Pagan took a deep shuddering breath, shook his head and looked around. Amla...no, Liang was locked in a fierce struggle with a hideously muscled man, and she didn't appear to be faring too well.
Liang reeled backward and dropped to one knee as her crossed swords blocked and deflected a downward strike of prodigious power from Jakut. The strength and power of the Gualich, together with the brutal weight of his double-handed broadsword were wearing her down. 
Added to that, the darting scorpion-sting meant her concentration had to be absolute. The thing had almost impaled her a couple of times. Once, it had missed her eye by a fraction as she barely moved her head swiftly enough, almost to present her neck to the slashing red-bladed broadsword. 
Twisting on her heel, Liang came in low, cutting at the giant monstrosity's legs. She heard Jakut's mocking laughter echo in her head as he nonchalantly lowered his sword to block her strike.
The Stormblade bounced off the red blade, the recoil sending ripples of pain up Liang's arm and shoulder. The broadsword swept down at her head and she rolled away, regaining her feet at a safe distance. 
Both combatants paused, regarding each other. Liang's chest heaved as she sucked in air, while Jakut's mouth spread in a malevolent grin. It galled Liang that the Gualich seemed to be toying with her. 
The scorpion-sting lashed forward like a striking serpent, but Liang side-stepped, her left-hand blade sweeping out in a tight arc, slicing clean through the tail. The sting clattered to the floor as the tail swiftly retracted in a spray of dark blood.
The short bark of triumph, which escaped Liang's lips at her small success, turned into a gasp of horror as a large serpent's head, mouth rimmed with curved fangs dripping venom grew out from the stump. 
Jakut's laughter echoed again as she hurled herself back as the fangs snapped at her. A splatter of venom seared the side of her face, making her cry in pain.
Jakut moved forward ponderously, his sword whistling through the air. Liang ducked under the blade, her right-hand sword flashing out in a reverse cut. It sheared right through the huge monstrosity’s leg. Carrying on with her momentum, she spun and slashed her other sword clean through its other leg. Spinning away, she expected to hear the abomination crash to the floor, but what she saw made her gasp in shock and lose all hope.
Inconceivably, Jakut was balanced on the stumps of his severed legs in a growing pool of dark blood. As she watched in horror, the legs regenerated, growing from the stumps longer than before so the demon towered over her. To compound matters, the freshly grown limbs ended in the huge taloned paws of a great cat. The talons, as long as her swords, retracted and extended, tapping and clicking on the floor in a mocking symphony.
Horrified, Pagan rolled to his feet, and drew his sword. Springing forward, he plunged it deep into Jakut's back, and had to hurriedly duck out of the way as the snake-head reared and snapped at him.
Casca, standing by the far wall out of the way of the lashing snake-head tail, and swinging swords, concentrated deeply to maintain his mind-shield, for he knew they were all doomed should he falter. 
But a curiously detached part of him had time to marvel at the surreal, horrific absurdity of it all, as he watched his friends battle a seemingly indestructible shape-shifting monstrosity from the blackest of drug-induced nightmares. His mind flashed back to Zucross's illustrations he had seen in what seemed a lifetime ago in the great library. Those had brought him out in a cold sweat, but here he was, face-to-face with such, with his very soul at stake.
Pagan and Liang moved nimbly around the grotesquely muscled behemoth that was Jakut, avoiding the sweeping broadsword, lashing venomous tail and razor-sharp talons. All the while, the Stormblades slashed and cut, inflicting terrible wounds, which promptly sealed themselves. 
It appeared to Pagan, the wounds were taking more time to heal, but he couldn't be sure. The tail reared before his face, the serpent’s mouth opened and a trail of venom shot out. Pagan screamed in pain as it seared his ducking head, and the smell of his burning flesh assailed his nostrils. 
The snake-head darted at his face again with blinding speed, but Pagan, fired by his anger, disgust, and the enhancement of his Stormblade, was faster. Swaying to one side, his sword flashed out, shearing through the serpent's jaw and skull. 
It didn't regenerate.
“I think its tiring!” Pagan yelled. Both redoubled their efforts, the three Stormblades cutting and rending in blurs of silver-blue light. Jakut fell back, the awful wounds on his gross body no longer healing. Splashes of yellow blood – dark in the gloomy sickly light, covered Liang and Pagan, and great big pools lay on the floor. Liang was bleeding from a cut high on the thigh which impaired her movement, and her right arm was covered in blood from a deep puncture wound high on her shoulder.
As the two pressed forward, Jakut's body shimmered, his limbs retracted into his torso and numerous tentacles as thick as a man's trunk sprung out, lashing and questing. Pagan and Liang sprang back out of reach, and watched as Jakut's torso changed into a dark insubstantial roiling mass with a huge black lidless eye in the centre.
Casca pushed back against the wall, eyes wide in the face of this new horror. Feeling a throbbing pain begin at the base of his neck, and spreading into his skull, he knew the Gualich was attempting a new mental attack. He groaned and squeezed his eyes shut as the pain intensified. The pressure built, but Casca gritted his teeth and fought with all he had.
This wasn't a battle involving skill with weapons, or muscle and sinew, but an unseen one of the mind and spirit. Casca had always believed in the power of his mind – of his intellect. But there was much more than intellect involved here. This was about who he was, and his determination to hold fast against this abomination, not to let his friends down, not to let his children and his loved ones down. And yes, not to let the world down. It was a crushing responsibility, but one he knew he had been born to bear.
His mouth opened wide in a scream, as he sought to relieve the immense pressure in his brain-his head-his mind. His eyes bulged near-out of their sockets, and blood streamed from his nostrils. His breath came in short shallow gasps, and he felt his head swimming through the lack of air. He couldn't feel Elphemina's presence and guessed the Gualich had somehow locked her out. 
A momentary panic hit him, but he savagely quelled it. Breathe, breathe, maintain your focus, don't fall apart... The soft velvet cushion of darkness beckoned – so seductive, there would be no more pain, it would all be over...let it go Casca… let it go... lower yourself into its alluring softness. So welcoming...
Not quite knowing why, for he had no prior training in the matter, he slowed down his breathing and began taking deep lower-belly breaths. His vision cleared and his heart stopped hammering in his chest. The intolerable pressure in his head remained, but regardless, he maintained his concentration. Power from a previously untapped source surged through him, and his shield held firm. It grew stronger. A luminescence spread from him, enveloping Liang and Pagan, deepening into a roseate glow. The pressure eased and dissipated.
Pagan and Liang were unaware of the silent battle being fought by Casca, but as one they sensed it was the right time to strike. Liang's arms flashed forward, the Stormblades spun through the air, sinking deep into Jakut's eye, Pagan's sword only a heartbeat behind.
All three reeled backward as Jakut's scream of agony reverberated in their heads. When they looked again, the soul stealer had disappeared. All that remained were the three Stormblades on the floor, and noxious pools of Gualich blood. 
     
 
Sacrifice
 
 
Upon leaving Jakut's tower, Pagan, Liang and Casca were relieved to see Moon and Elphemina had also survived their ordeal in Surgat's monolith. Now, all five stood on the piece of clear ground a few paces in front of the twin pillars of the portal to the Gualich home world. 
Elphemina had healed what wounds each carried. But she could do little about the haunted staring eyes– the legacy of having faced their deepest darkest fears, drawn forth by the mind-sorcery of the Gualich.
Moon's mood wasn't lifted when Elphemina announced only Pagan and Liang would accompany her to the Gualich home world. “We started this pigging thing together, so it’s only proper we finish it together,” he said angrily. 
“There is sense in what you say, Axeman,” the High Priestess told him, “but needs must. The world of the demons is a perilous place. We didn't truly kill Surgat and Jakut, but only forced them to flee the bite of our weapons. Joined with their five brothers – Beleth, Narok, Kalor, Taron and Kbari, their power will be magnified, and their wrath, terrible. The Terrene – the globe we travel in, will offer us some protection, but I will have to supplement it. The drain may be such, that if we had to protect five, the Gualich might destroy us, or I might not have enough strength to destroy the portal. She glanced over her shoulder at the pillars. “But first...”
Elphemina moved to the gateway and asked her companions to stand back. Lifting her right arm, she pointed at the pillars and whispered a few words. A golden light lanced from her fingers and played over the sigils carved into the pillars, gouging and erasing them. Satisfied with her efforts, she turned to Moon. “Axeman, when we are gone, take your axe and reduce this...gateway to the pit into rubble. Leave no stone standing.”
Moon nodded grimly. “Aye Priestess, old Ausak here will make a fine job of it.”
“The only way to make certain the Gualich never return is by destroying both portals – this, and the one on the Gualich home world. This gateway...” Elphemina pointed at the gouged pillars, “...acts as a signpost, and the sigils I just destroyed, were the keys. Even if the Gualich manage to rebuild the gateway on their home world, they will be unable to access our world again unless someone else is foolish enough to construct another gateway here.” As she spoke, her eyes flitted briefly to Casca, who caught her look, and an unspoken understanding passed between them.
Elphemina then addressed Casca directly. “With this gateway destroyed there will be no need for you to call upon Castillan to work his magick through you. I know you were never happy at the thought of being used as a conduit.”
Casca nodded. “Yes, Priestess, the thought filled me with some dread, and I thank you for sparing me it.” Then a thought occurred to him, furrowing his brow. “But how will you return once...both gateways are destroyed?”
“A good question, Casca,” Elphemina said. “The Terrene is attuned to the temple at Kandros and should return us there once we complete our task.” 
Seeing the bemused looks on her companions’ faces, Elphemina paused before continuing. “Forgive me, my friends, I should have told you more about our means of travel. Light moves at a speed beyond comprehension. The Terrene is formed of the greatest light source of all – the sun, and travels the old pathways, which are the echoes of all reality – our world and... others, if you will. It's much simpler to travel within our reality. Under normal circumstances, we couldn't travel to the Gualich home world, for the Terrene isn't tuned to its vibrations, nor do I know its location. But we can move through the portal to the demons’ world – along the path they opened – within the protection of the Terrene. Returning should be straightforward – for it’s attuned to our world…but isn't certain.” 
Elphemina took a deep breath, then fixed her gaze on Liang and Pagan. “The Gualich will become aware of our presence once we breach the portal and we may not survive their onslaught or be able to return.” Liang reached out, gripped Pagan's hand, and he turned to look at her. No words were needed.
Elphemina stepped back a few paces, closed her eyes and raised her arms above her head, fingers touching. Whispering a few words, she lowered her arms, prescribing a circle. A golden globe formed, enlarging into a Terrene. She turned to Moon and Casca. “This is attuned to the tavern and will return you there.”
Moon stood, uncertain what to do next, glancing at each of his companions in turn. Then he stepped forward and placed a huge hand on Pagan's shoulder. “I knew I would see some rare sights when I came south, but never a black man or pigging demons! It was...good fighting with you my friend.” His voice caught, and he cleared his throat. “All this fighting in the foul air of this demon-cursed place dries a man's throat...with nothing to drink in sight.” He grinned and squeezed Pagan's shoulder. “I know no Sutr-cursed demons will best you. You and I will drink Casca's tavern dry on your return, and I'll even share a pipe of that foul-smelling stuff with you.”
Turning to Liang, he shook his head, wonder in his eye. “When I first saw you, I knew you were a warrior not to be trifled with, but Sutr’s teeth, lass, even the Valkcries and aye, the Thunderer himself, would be honoured to stand with you. Leaning forward, he kissed her on top of the head. 
Moving to Elphemina, Moon inclined his head, gently grasped and lifted her hand and kissed her palm. “We couldn't have done this without you, Lady. You have a harsh tongue atimes, but a man needs to be put in his place every now and again. I owe you my life and will never forget you.”
He turned and walked away. His back to his companions, he stood looking at the twin towers of the Gualich, barely visible in the gloom as they rose into the moonless sky. Silhouetted in the night, his massive axe hanging loosely in his hand, and the light of the Terrene illuminating the shattered landscape, Moon looked like some fearsome god of war surveying the aftermath of an earth-shattering battle.
Casca walked over to Pagan and both men gripped forearms. Pagan smiled at his friend. “We will return, have no fear, my friend. Tell Aeneas I will see him soon.” 
Casca nodded, trying hard to control his emotions, then turned to Liang. He reached out and clasped her hand. “Pagan is a lucky man to have found you. I look forward to spending more time with you when you return.” 
Liang nodded and smiled. “I too look forward to that, Casca.” 
Turning to Elphemina, Casca bowed deeply. “I thank you Lady, for helping me carry this burden, and for showing me everything you have. And I know you will do all you can to ensure my friends return safely.” 
Elphemina nodded, her eyes grave. “We all hope to return safely Casca.”
Elphemina, the High Priestess and guardian of the old ways of Mithros, turned to Liang and Pagan. “Come, let’s go finish this.” Raising her arms, she formed another Terrene. The three moved to it and disappeared into its interior. 
The golden sphere glowed so brightly, Moon and Casca had to shade their eyes and look away. It floated off the ground and disappeared into the gateway leading to the Gualich home-world.
 
*******
 
The mist roiled and heaved, pressing against the walls and ceiling of the cavern. The coal-red eyes in its midst enlarged and glowed so fiercely, it turned the billowing, churning mist crimson. Within it, appendages writhed and flailed, some insubstantial, and others thick and bulbous.
The whole cavern shook as Beleth's anger raged. Jakut and Surgat had failed, and he had felt their trembling essences as they fled back through the portal. All their Bahktak and Suanggi in the human world had been destroyed, and the portal sealed, or perhaps destroyed, for the enticing scent of soul-fire that had previously seeped through had stopped abruptly.
Then he felt something else. At first, he was unsure what it was, for he hadn't felt the like before. It wasn't soul-fire, but an alien presence – not sentient, but with an odd glow of life attached to it. Surely the humans were not foolish enough to come here...
 
*******
 
To the travellers in the Terrene, it appeared they were hurtling through a kaleidoscope of colours – red, orange, blue, yellow, green, purple and others they couldn't put a name to. Yet oddly, there was little other indication of movement. There was a total absence of sound. When the rush of colours ceased, they found they could see through the transparent walls of the Terrene, and its bright golden light allowed them to take stock of their surroundings.
They were in a long tunnel stretching out into the distance. Stalactites dripping what appeared to be water, hung from the ceiling, and dark openings that presumably lead to other tunnels or caverns dotted the length of the walls. There was no sign of any kind of life, but wispy tendrils of a mist swirled from some of the openings.
Behind them the rosy light of the Terrene reflected off a dark rectangular swirling mass, which they guessed was the gateway they had just passed through, for it was similar to the ones they had come across in the Gualich towers at Tor-Arnath.
“Sweet heavens,” Pagan whispered, his eyes wide, as he looked around. “If Moon was here, he would compare this to one of the six hells ruled by Sutr.”
Elphemina nodded. “We are likely the first humans to set foot uninvited in the Gualich
world.” There was a slight tremor in her awed voice. “Though the last thing we want to do is actually set foot on this demon-haunted place, for we would be doomed if we left the safety of the Terrene. On the other hand,” she added darkly, “we wouldn't be here at all if not for that self-serving sorcerer, Castillan.” Liang and Pagan exchanged glances but remained silent.
As Liang and Pagan peered uneasily at their surroundings through the walls of the Terrene, Elphemina spoke urgently. “We need to move swiftly for I don't know what to expect here. The light of Mithros working through me and the Terrene, together with the power of the Stormblades should be enough to destroy the portal. Once I open a small gap on the Terrene, draw your blades and touch them together” She glanced at Liang. “When I give the word, summon the power of the swords, and direct the energies into the opening. We will have only one chance at this.”
Liang and Pagan nodded and drew their swords. As they did so, the Terrene wobbled and shook as a tremor hit the tunnel. Elphemina whispered a word and the sphere lifted to hover above the ground.
The walls and roof of the tunnel shivered and shook with increased intensity, and they could hear the ominous sound of grinding rock and shifting stone. Mist billowed from the dark openings in the walls and swirled toward them. 
Elphemina reached out and placed the flat of her hand against the side of the Terrene facing the portal. Lowering her head, she closed her eyes and concentrated. Akin to a child blowing a bubble, a small section of the sphere, the size of a human head, pushed out, elongated into a tube, and attached itself to the swirling mass of the portal.
“Now!” Elphemina said, lifting her head and turning to her companions. She stepped back, her arm upraised and fingers spread. Liang raised her head, her eyes like the darkest of storm clouds, and blue light danced along the Stormblades. 
Elphemina took a deep breath and whispered a word of power, releasing the energies slumbering within her. Reddish-gold light blazed from her hand and lanced through the opening of the tube. It was followed a heartbeat later by the silver-blue light spearing from the Stormblades. Both lights blazed with terrible incandescence as they streaked down the tube, causing Liang and Pagan to avert their eyes. 
The twin-tracks of light hit the portal and engulfed it. Nothing happened for a few heartbeats, then the swirling black mass of the portal oscillated furiously, pulling and tugging at the Terrene and making it wobble.
Glancing over her shoulder, Liang saw a cloud of dark wraith-like figures rushing toward them, but she dared not alert Elphemina lest she lose her concentration. Then, large cracks of gold and blue light spread through the eddying mass of the portal, and a sound like thunder echoed through the tunnel.
When they looked again, the dark whirlpool that had been the portal was gone, replaced by a sheer rock wall. Elphemina whispered a few words, and the tube retracted.
“Behind us!” Liang yelled, then the black wraiths engulfed the Terrene, buffeting and spinning it. The three inhabitants, cushioned in its magical interior remained upright, but the walls of the sphere pulsed and bulged inward under the pressure. 
The Terrene glowed brighter, gold light burning through the wraiths and peeling them away – black globules falling to the floor of the tunnel. But still they came, a black churning mass sweeping down the burrow.
“What are they?” Pagan cried, eyes wide with concern. 
“The core-essence of the Suanggi,” Elphemina said. “The Terrene is holding them back, but...” As she spoke, two black tendrils burst through, wrapping themselves around Liang's ankle, making her scream in pain as searing cold ran up her leg.
Pagan reacted swiftly, his sword sweeping down to slice through the black whorls. They dropped to the floor of the Terrene and shrivelled, but more burst through seeking to attach themselves to its passengers.
Liang and Pagan slashed, spun and cut at the invading whorls, but the tight space inhibited their movement and more of them broke through the walls of the Terrene.
“I think it is time we left!” Liang yelled, as she cut through a tendril tugging at her waist. Gold light lanced from Elphemina's fingers, splashing against the walls of the Terrene, making them glow brighter. The black whorls inside the globe withered and those outside fell back.
Pagan and Liang breathed a little easier and Elphemina, her face pale in the eldritch light and eyes ringed with fatigue, drew on her reserves of power to propel the Terrene home.
But as Elphemina focused her energies, the mist billowing from the openings along the tunnel wall grew denser, speeding toward the Terrene. Indistinct figures looming as high as the tunnel roof took shape within it, flickering in and out of existence. 
The gold light of the sphere reflected off what appeared to be iridescent scales. Multiple arm-like appendages tipped with long articulated fingers from which black whorls squirmed, reached and quested from the roiling mist. Atop this horror, pairs of crimson eyes shone with dreadful intelligence.
Pagan was the first to see it. “Hell’s teeth, what is that?” he asked, eyes wide in alarm. Elphemina's head came up, her face wan in the light. “Mithros help us...I think it's Beleth and the other Gualich,” she gasped.
Semi-solid arms reached out, black-tendril fingers wrapping around the Terrene. The light of the sphere burnt them away, but they grew anew, tugging the globe further into the mist. A bone-chilling cold spread through the Terrene, making its inhabitants tremble. Though it might have been the miasma of malice clutching at them, that made them quake.
Sweat poured down Elphemina's face despite the cold. “I can't,” she croaked. “I can't break their hold!” Taking a deep breath, she looked at Liang and Pagan. “I have to go out there and face them, it’s the only chance we have.”
Liang shook her head. “No, Elphemina, don't, you’ll die out there.”
The High Priestess nodded. “Perhaps. But it’s the only chance we…you have. I have to destroy the demons and break their hold on the Terrene” or we all die.”
“There must be another way!” Liang protested, her eyes pleading 
Elphemina shook her head. “I must, Liang. I always suspected it might come to this.” She unsheathed her sword. “Give this to Astianna – my successor, when you return to the temple at Kandros. It belongs to her now.” 
She took a deep breath and her eyes shone brighter, matching the radiance of the Terrene. “May Mithros and the Storm gods smile favourably on you both, and be faithful to each other.” She sliced the blade of light through the wall of the Terrene, parting it like a curtain. Reaching back, she handed it to Liang, and stepped out of the safety of the globe, the slit closing instantly behind her.
Indescribable agony tore through Elphemina as her feet touched the rocky ground of the Gualich world – a world totally inimical to human life. Letting the pain flow through her, she turned and smiled a farewell at Liang and Pagan. 
Feeling the dreadful presence looming over her, she turned back and looked up at the crimson eyes floating in the billowing mist. She could make out several indistinct figures and guessed all seven Gualich were present.
“Ah,” Elphemina whispered. “Beleth, Narok, Kbari, Kalor, Taron, Surgat, Jakut, come to me...come to me...” She lifted her arms out wide, whispered her last words of power, and her last prayer to Mithros. A nimbus of reddish-gold light played around her head, then her whole body.
The High Priestess of Mithros brought her hands together and a sound like a thunderclap resounded through the burrow. Elphemina's body exploded in a rage of incandescent light. Coruscating reddish-gold flames shot through the demon-haunted crawl-way, instantly incinerating the Gualich and all present. Great chunks of rock fell from the roof and the ground rippled and buckled, hurling debris into the air. 
When the flames and light died away, all was clear in the burrow of the Gualich. Chunks of rock lay strewn about, parts of the roof had caved in, and dark holes leading to depths unknown had been torn in the ground. A few whorls writhed fitfully on the ground and wisps of mist shrunk back into the dark caverns lining the shattered walls.
 
*******   
 
When Elphemina brought her hands together, the sound-waves sent the Terrene spinning with such velocity, Pagan and Liang, who should have remained unaffected in its cushioned interior, were knocked senseless. 
Coming to, Pagan sat up with a groan, and head still spinning, crawled over to Liang. She moaned, and her eyes flickered open as Pagan reached her. He curled an arm around her shoulders and drew her closer. Both sat on the floor, legs outstretched, and looked around, marvelling they were still alive.
The Terrene – a minuscule sphere of light, spun silently in a sea of nothingness. It was clear they were no longer in the burrow of the Gualich, but they had no idea where they were. Liang leaned into Pagan and kissed him lightly on the lips. Pulling back, she reached up, cupped his face between her hands and gazed deeply into his eyes, her turbulent storm-grey eyes now calm and loving. “It doesn't matter where we are my love,” she whispered. “We are alive and we are together as it should be.”
Pagan had no words to answer, for she had said it all. He stroked her face, and leaning back against the Terrene's wall gently cradled her head on his chest.
 
Aftermath
 
 
Father Durmast sank back on his pallet with a sigh of relief. He was no longer a young man, nor was he of robust health. Taking care of the needs of the hundred or so people sheltering in the temple had left him exhausted. 
He had cowered alongside those behind the piled-up benches, as the black man together with the two strangers, had battled the yellow-eyed demons and their monstrous hell hounds. It was a scene he knew would haunt his dreams for years to come: the stench, pools of noxious blood, and the fat writhing maggots. The whole thing had been dreadful.
He was still perplexed at the unexpected arrival of the mysterious golden-eyed woman. She had claimed to be a servant of Mithros like him, but surely that couldn’t be true for everyone knew the Sun god only accepted male priests. The idea of priestesses was heresy of the worst type.
When this dreadful business was over, he would go through the temple’s archives to see if it provided any answers.
He was beginning to drift off to sleep when a knock sounded on the door to his private chambers. “Come,” he called, swinging his legs onto the floor and sitting on the edge of his pallet.
The door swung open to reveal his helper, Banous. “I didn’t want to waken you, Father,” the young man said, “but there is someone at the door.”
Supressing his flash of irritation, Father Durmast peered at the gangly young man. “And you didn’t want to open the door, afraid it might be more demons come calling, eh, boy?”
“Yes, Father.”
Durmast stood up with a sigh. “Well, let’s go see who it is, and hope it’s Casca come tell us the demons have been vanquished.”
 
*******
 
Durmast and Banous could hear a loud banging on the temple’s sturdy oak double doors as they picked their way through the bodies wrapped in sleeping rolls and blankets on the floor of the great hall. Some were sitting up and others standing, eyes fearful at the prospect more demons were at the door.
The banging grew more insistent and it seemed the doors would be torn off their hinges at any moment. “Open the doors, Sutr damn your eyes, or I’ll take my axe to it,” came a voice, muffled by the thick timbers.
Most of the people were on their feet, their eyes hopeful, as Banous lifted the restraining bar and worked the locking bolts free.
A ragged cheer rang out as Moon stepped in followed by Casca. The cheers grew louder as Casca announced that the demons had been vanquished, and people crowded excitedly around him and Moon, slapping them on the back.
Casca finally managed to extricate himself and Durmast came up to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “You have done well Casca, and the city owes you a debt it can never repay.” He glanced at Moon, then back at Casca. “Where is the black man…and the others?”
“The black man’s name is Pagan, Father. He, Liang, and the High Priestess have gone to the demon home world to ensure the Gualich never threaten us again,” Casca told the priest. He shrugged away the man’s hand and moved toward the door. “I don’t think they’ll return.”
“Gone to the demon home world?” Father Durmast repeated. “You mean…”
“Yes Father, they were strangers, and they’ve given their lives for us.” His eyes were moist as he and Moon walked from the temple. 
 
 
Epilogue
 
 
Astianna had found it surprisingly easy assuming the role of temporary High Priestess in Elphemina's absence. She found the various duties a joy, and particularly enjoyed working with the young initiates, but she fervently wished for Elphemina to return to assume her old duties.
The older woman had been like a sister to her ever since she had been brought to the temple. Two of the priestesses had found her clinging to a piece of driftwood on the shore of the island, burnt and blistered by the hot sun, and near-dead.
The fifteen-year-old waif who had eked out a miserable existence on the streets of Paros, had stowed away on a ship, hoping big cities like Petralis, or the magical kingdom of Chenghuan she had heard tales of, would offer her a better life.
Asleep one night safely hidden in the cargo bay – stowaways were usually unceremoniously thrown overboard, though this might have been merciful for a young girl aboard a ship full of men – she had had an unusual dream. 
Hovering in the sky, she saw herself clinging to a piece of timber in the sea. Then she heard a voice warning her this wasn't a dream but a portent of what was to come. Woken by the ship being tossed about in a storm, she clung desperately to the edge of a wooden pallet laden with tied-down goods. Then all went dark when a falling box caught her a glancing blow on the head. 
When she regained consciousness, she had found herself floating in the sea, her thin arms, miraculously trapped between the slats of the now empty pallet.
At first, she thought mere providence had swept her to the shores of Kandros. And she had been highly suspicious of the High Priestess's interest in her, for she knew from painful experience that perceived kindness often hid questionable or...perverted motives. But in time she came to realize she was wrong on both counts.
Her life in the Temple of Mithros had been fulfilling beyond belief. No one shouted at her, was cruel, or beat her, and the temple was mercifully free of lecherous men with their grasping hands and lustful glances. 
Life was strict and structured, and there were duties aplenty, but she learnt so many skills, and her eyes were opened to many wonders. Her talents grew. She learnt how to loosen the bonds tying her spirit to her body enabling her to walk the paths of shadow and trace the threads of possible futures. She learnt how to heal using the power of her mind, and on a more mundane level, how to use weapons of cold steel, and those forged by the light of Mithros, the sun god.
She had been surprised when the high priestess, took her under her wing. True, they shared the same oddly-coloured eyes, but surely it had to be more than that? In time, she learnt that indeed, her golden eyes marked her as destined for something extraordinary.
Sitting on a raised dais before the young initiates who sat legs folded beneath them on the mosaicked floor, Astianna smiled as she listened to their excited mind-chatter, as their spirits soared over their bodies. Then, she suddenly cried out and fell backward, as a kaleidoscope of thoughts and images flooded her mind.
Righting herself a short moment later, tears flowed down her cheeks. The memories of all the high priestesses that had come before her, were now hers. Elphemina, the former high priestess and envoy of the old ways of Mithros had passed on to the next level of existence.
 
*******
 
Utter blackness. An absence of everything – null existence, a cosmic gulf of nothingness. Kirinos-Halbro, the king who had betrayed his people to the Gualich, drifted without anchor, lost for all eternity in this cosmic void. 
After all he deserved no less, for the karmic bonds of his deeds most foul, clung to him like the stoutest chains forged by the blackest sorcery. But there...in the nothingness, the tiniest flimsiest tendril – a barely visible gossamer thread. The Usurper reached out and grabbed it in hope, pulling himself along. His progress was painfully slow, perhaps centuries, aeons – but there was no conception of time here. In the infinite distance, he saw an infinitesimal glimmer of light – his soul.
 
Fin
 
Get a Free Copy of The King’s Banquet
 
One of the best things about being a self-published writer is being able to build a relationship with my readers. I occasionally send newsletters with details of new releases, special offers and free bonus materials that I am pretty sure that you as a fellow fan of heroic fantasy/sword and sorcery would enjoy. Additionally, if it is something that would interest you, you’ll have the opportunity to join my team of advance readers, who get to read forthcoming books free.
If you sign up to my mailing list, I’ll send you a free copy of the novella - The King’s Banquet. 
All you need do is tell me where to send it. Click here > https://epicanthologies.com/news-letter/
Here is a short extract:
 Casca, Moon and Liang, aided by Pagan and Elphemina were not the first to stand against the Gualich. Their forebears a thousand years past, faced the same horrors as they fought to save the land from the abominations.
The novella, The King’s Banquet, a prequel to Verge of Darkness, tells their story.
 The King’s Banquet – A Short Extract

“A wise man would grasp a king’s bounty with both hands when offered, for the next day he might demand your head on a whim.”   Elander Zucross, king’s chronicler and saga poet.  
 
Belash screamed as agony lanced through his skull. His senses swam. He staggered back and slumped to the hard, rocky ground as his legs buckled. Blackness beckoned – a seductive surcease to the pain roaring through his head.
But Belash was a strong man – of body and mind. Gritting his teeth, he pushed back against the encroaching darkness and grasping his axe, lurched to his feet. 
He looked up at the horrific figure looming over him, its huge amorphous shape pulsing in the sickly green light cast by the lattice-work of energy spread across the seven towers in the short distance.
The amorphous figure solidified into a man-shape with a huge lidless eye set above a wide gash of a mouth. Belash felt himself being drawn into the dark swirling depths of the eye, then the pain ceased, but what came after wasn’t any more pleasant.
Belash was in a meadow under a cloudless sunlit sky, his hand on the shoulder of a dark-haired boy as he showed him how to string and draw a bow. A plump but comely looking woman, her dark hair in two long plaits, sat on a blanket by a bubbling brook, her eyes soft and loving as she gazed at her husband and son.
Belash groaned, then his anger flared, terrible and all-consuming. “Get out of my head, you whoreson,” he screamed, hurling himself at his tormentor, axe raised.
But he was still weak. His legs failed him again and he collapsed, falling to his hands and knees. Multiple, long articulated arms ending in serrated pincers sprang from the abomination before him. Belash looked up at it, eyes blazing defiance as he prepared for death. 
A piercing shriek rang out. A tall slender figure sprang into view, her twin blades – silver-shards of moonlight in the sickly gloom, sheared through the articulated arms grasping at Belash. The long thick members went flying, gore spraying the air.
Belash rolled to his feet, fresh energy surging through him as he grasped his axe anew. “Well met, Kyung-Su,” he croaked, slicing through an arm reaching for his throat. The tall slender woman, long black hair framing her face, glanced over her shoulder – cold grey eyes mocking, then returned to her task.
Belash and Kyung-Su hacked and cut at the abomination before them, their weapons tearing away great chunks of perverted flesh, inflicting terrible wounds, which healed and closed almost instantly.
But Belash, his blood up, was now indefatigable, Kyung-Su no more so. They moved, ducking and pirouetting away from the grasping arms that grew anew after being hewn off, all the while, their weapons cutting and slashing.
It appeared to Belash it was taking longer for the creature’s wounds to heal, but he couldn’t be sure. However, there were certainly fewer arms lashing at him. He risked a swift glance at Kyung-Su, marvelling at the speed and graceful movements of her dance of the blades. 
She was as cold and deadly as she was beautiful and had saved his life countless times since they both joined the quest to rid the world of the evil of the Gualich soul eaters. But again, he had also saved her life numerous times.
A high-pitched ululating screech of pain echoed through Belash’s skull. He raised a hand to his head and lurched backward. Kyung-Su must have felt the same for she also staggered, her faced screwed up in pain.
Suddenly, the soul eater was gone. It simply winked out of existence, leaving chunks of flesh strewn on the ground amid pools of noxious blood, some of which covered Belash and Kyung-Su. 
They stood, weapons hanging loosely as they sucked in great gulps of air. Belash grinned at his companion, then turned around as he saw her glance over his shoulder.
Two tall figures appeared in the gloom. The latticework above the towers that had provided a semblance of light had disappeared along with the Gualich. 
The sky was beginning to lighten to the east as a new day dawned. But the all-pervading gloom that was as much part of Tor-Arnath as the barren rocky ground underfoot, was not easily lifted. 
“Castillan,” Belash grunted, his eyes narrowing. He had little love for the white-bearded sorcerer and had always suspected the man knew a lot more than he let on about the mysterious gateway through which the soul eaters entered the world.
The sorcerer cast a swift glance around, nose wrinkling in distaste at the chunks of Gualich flesh on the ground. “So, Belash, it appears you and Kyung-Su managed to do away with Kbari.”
Belash sniffed and nodded. “Aye, if that was the foul creatures name, but Shilat’s tits, it almost had me, but for Kyung-Su. He stared hard at Castillan. “And, I trust you and Kaliope managed to do away with the other one…I believe you called it Beleth?”
“Yes, Kaliope and I sent his trembling essence wailing back to the Gualich home world…a lot quicker than you vanquished Kbari, dwarf.”
Belash spat out a vulgar expletive and glared at Castillan, bringing a peal of laughter from Kyung-Su. Belash frowned, unsure whether his choice of word or him being called a dwarf was responsible for her mirth. 
The woman’s disdain and constant mockery angered him. Yet, he had seen another side of her that night she took him into her bed. And what a night it had been. It was all very puzzling, but he had long given up trying to understand women, for it was like trying to grasp a breeze in his hand. 
Short of stature, with an absurdly thickly muscled body close to the girth of two strong men melded together, he had the appearance of a troll of frightening vitality. Catching Kaliope’s eye, he flashed a gap-toothed smile in return.
 With her closed-cropped silver-white hair and unusual gold-hued eyes, she was the tallest woman he had ever seen. But then, most women were tall as far as he was concerned. However, here was a woman of rare grace and nobility, and Shilat’s tits, like Kyung-Su, she was a fierce uncompromising warrior, deadly with the ruby-pommelled sword hanging on her hip. And her magick – derived from the sun – he had learned, was powerful, even more so than the pigging, arrogant sorcerer’s.
Castillan stepped forward. “You and Kyung-Su are done here, it’s time you left, but Kaliope and I still have a task to complete to ensure the demons never return.”
Belash grunted another obscenity, fixing Castillan with a baleful stare. “Good, for if I spend any more time in your company, sorcerer, with you talking to me like am nothing more than dry cow dung under your foot, I’ll be tempted to take my axe to your neck.”
Castillan glared at Belash, lips curled in disdain, but his retort remained unspoken. Something in the axeman’s dark eyes told him these were not mere words, and he had no wish to feel the kiss of the blades of the fearsome axe on his neck. He had long learned how to inure his flesh against weapons of cold iron over the years, but Belash’s axe was no ordinary weapon. Ausak Demon Bane was a weapon of dark legend, its origins shrouded in mystery even he hadn’t been able to pierce.
Ausak Demon Bane had been referenced in many dark grimoires. And Castillan had been quick to recognize it, when the ugly troll, Belash, answered the call for warriors to stand against the Gualich. 
He had no idea how the man had come by the weapon. Though the grimoires spoke of how down the centuries, Ausak somehow always found its way into the hands of the most capable living male descendant of the warrior who had first wielded it. Little was known about him but his name, Kolovos. Known as the Abyss Sender or Death’s Shadow, he had lived four-hundred years or so earlier, a savage killer who had drenched the land in blood.
The Gualich and their demonic servants – the Suanggi and Bahktak, had proven themselves impervious to ordinary weapons forged by man.  The only weapons that could harm them were Ausak, Kyung-Su’s Stormblades, and the ruby-pommelled sword of Mithros carried by Kaliope, the high priestess of the sun deity. 
Castillan had little time for any of the bearers of these ensorcelled weapons but reasoned he could put up with that minor inconvenience if meant ridding the world of the soul eaters. For, though none knew, it was he who had inadvertently activated the gateway in his quest for knowledge and power. As a younger man, his blind haste and ignorance had made him forego necessary precautions, such as placing a ward to hide the gateway’s presence from uninvited inimical entities. 
Belash glanced at Kaliope and inclined his head in farewell. The High Priestess arched a snow-white eyebrow and inclined her head in return. One night when drunk, he’d told her how much he liked it when she did that. 
Hearing Kyung-Su’s low mocking laughter – though he didn’t remember her being there that night – he spun on his heel and started to walk away.
Kyung-Su cast ice-grey eyes on Castillan and Kaliope – her expression unreadable, gave a curt nod, then spun and walked after Belash.
Kaliope took a deep breath and turned to Castillan. “So, Sorcerer, you’ve seen the wisdom in my words. We must destroy this gateway, then travel to the Gualich home world in my Terrene to destroy the gateway there. That’s the only way we can ensure they never return.”
Castillan shook his head. “No Kaliope. I think it’s folly to destroy the gateway. It’s a wondrous thing we can learn so much from. Think about the knowledge future generations would glean from the ability to travel to other worlds, and what we…they could learn from those who visit our world. Of course, we’d have to ward the portal from unwanted interlopers like the Gualich.”
Kaliope’s eyes were grave as she spoke. “You are wrong Castillan. Not all knowledge should be welcome, particularly if it brings great danger with it. But I’ll not debate the point with you. This is now your world and you bear responsibility for it, for it’s time for the Order of Mithros to withdraw from the world and the mundane affairs of men. Our new temple far from here and shielded from the lustful eyes of men, nears completion. There, we shall content ourselves studying the Mysteries and the meaning of existence.”
“Well, you do that, Kaliope,” Castillan said, eyes mocking. “You and your women priests can hide away from the real world and do whatever it is women who have no love for men do, when alone. I’ll do what must be done here. I’ll place an unbroachable barrier across the gateway…one that will last for over a thousand years.”
Castillan watched as Kaliope raised her arms. A large golden globe – a Terrene, appeared. The priestess stepped into it, and the travel-sphere winked out of existence.
Now alone, Castillan turned his gaze toward the gateway in the short distance. Bathed in the red-gold light of the rising sun, two pillars joined by a crumbling stone lintel sat on a wide stone plinth. 
Shaking his head in wonder how such an incongruous looking thing of crumbling stone could hold such power, he walked toward it. He focused his mind and gathered his strength for the task he had to perform. It would have been much easier with Kaliope’s aid, but not beyond the powers of the mightiest sorcerer of the age.
As he approached the gateway, Castillan admitted to himself that Kaliope’s advice might indeed be the correct course. But his guts had turned to water with terror at the idea of broaching the Gualich home world. Humans were not meant to set foot in such a place. He hadn’t admitted his fear to the woman but had seen the truth of her knowing in her eyes.
He hadn’t told Kaliope everything he planned, for he felt he didn’t answer to her. His barrier – constructed of his most potent magick, would indeed last for a very long time, perhaps more than the thousand years he’d boasted. 
It would appear to the Gualich the gateway had been destroyed, for no soul-fire – which had originally enticed them – would seep through the barrier. And, if and when the barrier failed, he would ensure his descendants down the ages to come would be on hand to protect the land and the world against the soul eaters. His bloodline was mighty, blessed with men and women of rare gifts and power, and those blessed with such had the right to wield them. 
The lore of what had happened here – the defeat of the Gualich, would be passed down the line from grandfather, to father to son, ensuring that every male in the lineage was aware of their responsibilities.
The line of Castillan, the greatest mage of his time, would be known as the line of demon killers, to whom the world looked to.
*****

www.epicanthologies.com
www.facebook.com/ollieodebunmiauthor /

.
 A big thank you to my test readers Sam Hough and Julie Fox. Their encouragement and enthusiasm for my work helped keep me going in the days when my mind went blank, and the muse deserted me. Not to mention their invaluable input in helping me develop some of my characters.
My gratitude to Fiona Jayde of www.fionajaydemedia.com for her stupendous cover design.
And of course, a big nod to my main influences: Karl Edward Wagner and David Gemmell, two wonderful epic fantasy authors who are sadly no longer with us.
*******
  





