

About the cover: The cover image is titled Forest Girl. It was produced by Andrew Kudrin and can be found on Flickr. The image is being used under a Creative Commons BY License. (The young lady in the picture represents Janey from Snatched Up!) Font: Batang.

In Issue No. 8, for October 2019: the conclusion of the serial Snatched Up! Also, more short stories from Variant Worlds 1 and a 30 page excerpt from work in progress Tales From The Savage Lands 8. The main article is Before The Moon Existed, Parts 4 through 9, plus an addendum showing that NINE different cultures from around the world remember a time before the moon! Rating: HIGH controversy.

#####

History is (re)written by the victors. - RT

Diversity is (Rothschild) strength. - RT

Hope is for suckers. If you see something wrong, you are morally obligated to do something about it. If you have the means, do this in an outward way. If you happen to be stuck due to your circumstances, as I am, use your mind and creativity to spread your message. Just make sure that message is Truth. - RT

Verum Et Inventa
DARK FICTION BY RAYMOND TOWERS
This is a magazine of dark fiction, mostly, in the genres of fantasy, horror and science fiction. Primarily, I am here to promote my fiction writing, but I am also looking forward to including submitted material from other writers with similar styles or non-traditional ideas, as well as contributions from reviewers, commentators and, hopefully, one day, even fans. In addition, and following what you might be familiar with from print digest-type magazines, I will also include articles based on my personal research, or the research of others, many of which will be controversial and difficult to absorb for the normies. Honestly, there are plenty of other outlets out there that pull their punches or whitewash what is true and promote what is fabrication. Verum Et Inventa is Latin for Truth And Fables, or Truth And Fiction, if you will. If you’ve come to read an adventure, I will give you one. If, after that, you want to read an article that might cause you to see things in a different way than before, I’m aiming to provide that as well.

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2019 Raymond Towers

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: Thank you for downloading this free e-book. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite e-book retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

All of the characters in this e-book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons, whether living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This is issue number 8 of Verum Et Inventa magazine, with an official release date of October 1st, 2019. This magazine is produced on an erratic schedule (not kidding!), with a minimum of 100 pages of content per issue. Links to back issues of this magazine can be found on the Freebie page at Raymond Towers Dot Com or on Smashwords under the author’s name of Raymond Towers.

Rating: This issue contains a LOW to HIGH amount of controversial subject matter.

#####


Table Of Contents

Editorial
Modern Fantasy And Science Fiction
From Variant Worlds
Snatched Up!
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Epilogue
Conroy’s Job Search
The Alien
Junior Hypnotherapy Gone Wrong
Medieval Fantasy With A Modern Twist
Tales From The Savage Lands 8 (An Excerpt)
Story Starters
Vee, The Bounty Hunter

Non-Fiction Section
Articles
Before The Moon Existed; Articles 4 Through 9, Conclusion, Addendum
Media Reviews
I Want Contributors!
About The Publisher / Author

#####


Editorial

Welcome, readers.
This could be the last issue of this magazine that you see for a while. Why, you might ask? First of all, I skipped creating a September issue because this month has been an especially trying one for me, over the course of the last nine years, believe it or not. Things tend to fall apart for me in September, and to avoid that, I hunkered down, basically, and swam with the flow, unlike every other month where I go against it in the hopes of breaking out of paradigms and carving out my own path. The reason you are reading this now is because of my sense of completion. I simply couldn’t leave two open-ended cliffhangers in the conclusion of the Snatched Up serial, or in my Before The Moon Existed series of articles. Both of those are taken care of in this issue, so I do hope my sleep tonight will be restful.
For the time being, I have taken down all of my e-books. I tend to do this every couple of years, as the sense of frustration becomes overwhelming for me due to low sales, very little feedback from readers, fans and / or critics, and a number of projects with other creative types, including amateur movie directors, digital artists, promoters, Youtube channels, fellow writers and even minor radio personalities that always fall through with zero results. For example, I know my book covers aren’t that great, but I don’t see the point in spending $300 to $500 dollars for a professional design, when I have something like 70 books to worry about, and when I could use that money to do something socially beneficial, such as feeding the homeless or buying shoes for a needy kid or something like that.
The only title I currently have available is RITA 0 - Non-Retrieval. You can read the full novella in Verum Et Inventa, issues number 2 through 4. If you have liked anything you’ve read in this magazine over the course of its short life, I encourage you to head over to Smashwords, download a copy of Non-Retrieval, read it and leave a message of positive feedback for me.
Enough with the griping! What do we have in this issue? We’ve got the final few chapters of Snatched Up, plus a couple of sci-fi themed short stories from the Variant Worlds 1 collection. One of those stories is titled Conroy’s Job Search.
Let me tell you about Conroy’s Job Search. I originally wrote that piece when I was reading sci-fi digests like Asimov and Analog. I found the stories in those digests to be very bland at times, of people yapping back and forth with each other and no real action going on. I started writing the Conroy story, and about halfway through I got mad and felt like shelving it. No, no, I thought. I started this story and so I have to finish it! Well, I got through the story, and I read it, and I didn’t like it, and I got mad all over again. I love everything I write... Except for that one story. Sometimes I hate it, while at other times I will tolerate it, barely.
Conroy’s Job Search was a pivotal story for me. Before I wrote it, I tried to emulate what other contemporary writers were doing. I wrote stuff that was like the stuff I was reading in the digests, in sci-fi genre magazines and in recent anthologies. Reading that story made me realize that I wasn’t writing in my true voice, but in the voices of other writers that I sometimes found lackluster and even boring. I wanted to read space adventures with strong characters, wild rides and imaginative twists. Instead, in both Asimov and Analog, I got to read stories written by scientists that were about scientists, or written by engineers and about engineers.
Some of the stories were very dry and highly technical, but okay, I can respect that and read it to the end. Other stories were, in my opinion, not worth the read and even downright stupid. A scientist working on a complex problem visits a primitive tribe, where the chief hands him a seashell and suddenly the scientist gets a new perspective on the universe... boring! An astronaut gives a flower to a little girl before going out into space. Why? So that while he is in space and subject to relative time, the girl grows up and into a woman. When the astronaut comes back, he asks her out on a date... boring! A scientist invents a time machine, so he can go back and forward in time and get laid... Huh? That story wasn’t even sexy. It was a comedy short with the sort of humor you find in Disney cartoon movies. A lot of the humorous stories in those digests read as if they were written by a high school nerd with a college vocabulary.
That wasn’t my writing voice, I decided. I was no longer going to follow the herd and write in their styles. I was going to do it my way or not at all, and I started with my very next writing project. This led to the horror collection Demonic Murmurs, and a semi-fictional account of a real paranormal event I titled Two Bedroom Cottage For Rent. Thanks to Conroy’s Job Search, I left the mainstream behind and haven’t really looked back ever since. I no longer wrote plain fiction, but the sort of dark fiction you’ve read in past issues of this magazine. No regrets.
All right. The rest of this magazine includes a Story Starter set in the fantasy medieval genre, and a sneak preview of the project I’m working on now: Tales From The Savage Lands 8. SL8 is medieval as well, with modern day characters in the mix.
That’s all I’ve got. If you like this e-zine, leave a review, send me an email, forward it to others, whatever. I’m more likely to produce future issues if I get some kind of feedback, otherwise I’ll assume there isn’t much interest out there. I guess I’ll see you when I see you!

Raymond Towers

#####


Variant Worlds 1



About the series: New worlds, variant worlds, beckon for you to come and explore them. These worlds are full of fantasy and science fiction. Travel through space, through jungles, into your own backyard and even into your mind. These worlds begin where your reality ends, and they will take you everywhere. In these collections of short stories, you will see, hear and smell the exotic. You will experience everything, and everything will experience you.

About this title: - Welcome to Variant Worlds 1. This is a collection of fantasy and science fiction ranging from short stories to novellas. In these tales, everyday people like you and I must come to grips with the strange and perilous realities that have been presented to them. Only by relying on their inner strength, their wisdom and their humanity will they forge ahead and survive. Rating: MEDIUM controversy.

Variant Worlds 1 was first released on Sept. 14, 2010. It has recently been revised and re-released. Read the first 20% or purchase this collection at Smashwords.

#####


Snatched Up!

10

An increasingly familiar prodding woke Jesse early the next morning. “Don’t tell me you have to pee again?”
“Already went.” Janey’s whispered voice came back at him. “Don’t tell me you forgot about our ‘date’?”
“What date?” Jesse sat up and rubbed his eyes. “Oh, yeah. I remember now.”
Janey straightened up. “We’ll meet you outside.”
“Huh? Who else is going?”
“Ellis. Now, hurry up and get dressed. Wear all brown so you’ll blend in better.” She was gone a second later.
Sluggishly, Jesse got to his feet, when Betty’s groggy voice asked, “What’s going on?”
“We’re going exploring.” Jesse admitted. “Over by the cavern.”
“Do you want me to tag along?”
“Um,” Jesse considered. “It’s probably better if you stay here. It might be dangerous.”
“Then why did she call it a date?”
“She didn’t mean anything by that.” Jesse could see what Betty was hinting at. “She could have just as easily said ‘appointment’.”
“I didn’t hear her say ‘appointment.’ I heard her say ‘date’.”
“Please, do not start this up again.” Jesse found his cinnamon tunic, a tough task in the glare of a few tiny candles. He slid it over his head. “I’ll see you later.”
“Stay safe.”
“I will.” He started away, only to pause and glance back. “You know, you looked beautiful last night.”
“You mean when I was wearing my new blouse, or when we were in the burrow naked?”
Jesse smiled. “Both times.”
“Jesse, I love you.”
He suddenly found himself at a loss for words.
“You don’t have to say you love me back.” Betty stated. “Not until you’re ready to. I just… I just want to be able to say it to you. It means a lot to me.”
“Okay.” Jesse stepped outside.
Ellis and Janey were already geared up when he reached them. A quick flash of a light showed him where his equipment lay. As he was donning his things: tool belt, assorted weaponry, etc. he noticed that the sun hadn’t even come up yet.
He asked, “What time do you think it is, five or six?”
“Something like that.” Ellis concurred. “We decided to start off extra early, so maybe we can stay a step ahead of whatever has been watching us. That’s why we’re keeping the lights off for the time being, too.”
“Take a look at the lake.” Janey added.
Jesse did, noticing that there was a thick mist hovering over the water. “Fog?”
“Yup.” Janey affirmed. “It should make staying hidden a lot easier.”
Once they were armed and geared, the trio set off. Ellis took the lead with his sharpened, rounded shovel, followed by Jesse and his equally sharpened chopper-scraper, while Janey shadowed them from a few yards to one side and in the brush. Were anything to come directly at the two men, they’d have to deal with her long handled axe as well, and very unexpectedly.
As they traversed the sleepy landscape, they noticed that the mist was drifting away from the lake and marking their progress. It wasn’t until about an hour and a half later that the mist began to filter away. The sun had finally gathered enough strength to dispel it, just a short while before they reached the cave.
Janey joined them and started pointing out where the strange trails were located. “This one heads back to the burrow, this one splits off and goes into the cave, and this one… I don’t know where this one goes.”
“It looks like it stays fairly close to the mountainside.” Ellis gathered. “At least as far as I can tell.”
The adventurers started off in that direction.
“I woke Brenda to tell her we were leaving.” Ellis admitted. “Naturally, she didn’t want me to go.”
“You should have stayed with her.” Jesse joked. “What was she calling you last night, snuggle-bear?”
“Snuggle-butt.” Ellis said, distastefully. “She’s been calling me that ever since she grabbed my butt while we were dancing. I don’t know if I like my women to be so aggressive, you know what I mean? That’s why I offered to come along when Janey mentioned she might go exploring. Besides, we have a big problem.”
“What’s that?”
“We’re out of food.” Ellis declared. “We’ve got enough snacks and such for today, but sometime tomorrow, we’re going to be completely out. We haven’t found any real sources of protein, and the nearest harvest is still several months away. If we even have a harvest, that is. This expedition we’re on is either going to make us or break us.”
“That dire, huh?” Jesse asked.
“I’m afraid so.”
They came to a fork in the trail. The path they’d been following kept hugging the mountainside, while another, fatter trail split sharply toward the deep woods.
“Which way to go, which way to go?” Ellis wondered.
“We should stick to the trail we’re on.” Janey considered. “If we take that new path, we’ll be exposed on all sides.”
“Right, that makes sense.” Ellis nodded. “We press on, then.”
They might have gone on another half hour, when they reached a new cavern entrance. This one was half the size of the cavern the store was lying in.
As Ellis and Jesse gaped into the dark opening, Janey scouted the area.
“I see a lot of trails around here.” She called out excitedly. “They come out from several spots in the foliage. A lot of these meet up together. There is a lot of maneuvering or positioning, before the trails all join together and head off that way.”
Jesse took several strides in the direction she’d hinted at, spotting a familiar object some ten yards away. “There’s a shoe over there!”
The three of them hurried over, and soon had the Out Of Place Artifact in the midst of their huddle. It was a casual canvas loafer, with no laces or eyelets.
“It doesn’t belong to anyone from our store.” Ellis decided. “It’s possible that someone came out of that cave, got surrounded by whatever made all these trails, and got dragged away somewhere else.”
Janey gripped her axe tensely and made as if to rush off. “We should follow the trail. Somebody might need our help.”
“No, wait.” Ellis halted her, glancing back towards the new cave. “We should go in there first. Maybe there’s another building inside that cave, one that got brought into this world the same way our store did. There might be survivors in there, or supplies.”
With mounting hope, the three positioned themselves abreast of one another, and clicked on the lights on their miner hats. They saw a single set of footprints, human footprints, leading out of the cave. These matched the shape of the shoe they’d found outside.
“Let’s roll.” Janey stated, although her tone was strained with anxiety.
They went in together, becoming quickly aware that this cave was nowhere near the size of theirs.
“This isn’t a cavern, it’s a giant crevice.” Ellis said. “It’s more like a plane hangar.”
And right there in the middle of that pocket of darkness and gloom, were the remains of a gas station and convenience store. The small attendant’s building was tilted awkwardly to one side. The eerie location came complete with a massive fallen roof structure, and a number of gas pumps that had fallen over. The stench of gasoline was pervasive.
“We’ve got to be careful here.” Ellis warned the others.
With their sense of urgency overriding their caution, however, all three ended up rushing to the abandoned store and started poking around.
“Anybody in here?” Ellis shouted into the open doorway, only to have Janey and Jesse both bulldoze their way past him. “Hey, now! No need to push!”
Janey paused to sniff the air. “Something smells rotten in here. I mean really rotten.”
Jesse glanced back and forth trying to illuminate as much of the tiny store as possible. “It’s those sandwiches over there. They’re all covered in green mold. And all the milk went bad, too. But look at the bright side, we’ve got chips, dip, candy and chocolate bars over here.”
“I’ve got crackers and canned food on this aisle.” Janey informed them. “Plus a lot of sundries like little shampoos and toothpaste. There’s a lot of diapers back here too, for when you and Betty decide to have a baby.”
“What is it between you and Betty?” Jesse sounded peeved, but his countenance softened when he looked at the dozens of formerly refrigerated shelves at the back of the store. “Hey, Ellis, we’ve got beer here, man!”
“Just when I thought I was leaving that poison behind.” Ellis groaned. “Florie and Russell will be ecstatic to hear that we found half a ton of cigarettes behind this counter over here. Hell, I might even light one up myself. Wait, here’s a newspaper stand. Guys, this paper is dated from over two months ago.”
“This has got to be the gas station that disappeared from back home.” Jesse suggested. “What else was it that disappeared?”
Janey chimed in, “A liquor store and a house, I think.”
“So those have to be around here somewhere too, right?” Jesse asked.
“It’s likely.” Ellis admitted. “But if there were people in all of these buildings, why haven’t we run into any of them yet? We’ve been here the better part of a week now.”
“Maybe they were all taken.” Janey replied. “By whatever made all those trails.”
Ellis mulled this over. “We have to assume the worst case scenario. We were brought here for a purpose, by something we haven’t seen yet. And if all those trails converging together were the signs of a struggle, whatever brought us here may not be too friendly.”
“Whatever made those trails has to be responsible for the attacks on you and Jesse.” Janey added.
“Right.” Ellis concurred. “So it went down like this; a building gets abducted from our planet and it ends up here, inside a dark cave. Why?”
“To keep us scared and in the dark.” Janey answered.
“Right.” Ellis said. “And as soon as a person steps out of the cave, something pounces on them.”
“But that didn’t happen to us.” Jesse reminded them. “Why not?”
“There were too many of us.” Janey conjectured. “For whatever reason, these things can only catch us one or two at a time. That’s why the two of you both got attacked when you were alone.”
Ellis rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “That makes sense. And since we’ve all been feeling like we’re constantly being watched, pretty much since we got here, I think these things are in a hurry to get us captured. Like they’re on some kind of deadline or something. That’s why as soon as they think they have one of us alone, they strike.”
“Maybe they’re really hungry.” Janey suggested, which caused the two men to grimace.
“Well, we know that they’ve gotta be psychic.” Jesse said. “Because we were both attacked mentally.”
“And either they’re afraid of us,” Janey theorized. “Or they’re pretty weak physically, otherwise they would have just barreled right into the burrow and captured the whole bunch of us a long time ago. Oh, and they’re pretty big compared to us, judging from the trails they make, and they drag themselves on the ground like snakes.”
“Giant psychic snakes.” Jesse chuckled. “It sounds like a low budget sci-fi flick, doesn’t it?”
“Not snakes, snakes are fearless.” Ellis mentioned. “Worms. I think they’re some kind of worms.”
“Worms don’t like to be out in the sunlight.” Janey told him. “Not if they’re anything like the animals on earth.”
“Then what?”
“I don’t know, caterpillars maybe?”
“That sounds even worse.” Ellis shook his head. “Giant psychic caterpillars? Really?” The big man made his way to the back of the convenience store. “I don’t care if it is warm, I’m taking a beer right now. You want one, Jess?”
“I hate warm beer.” Jesse shook his head. “It’ll seriously dampen my future expectations if I drink one warm. I think I’ll grab a vitamin water instead.”
Janey was already munching on some corn nuts. “So, what next?”
“We get the rest of the team over here and we clear this place out.” Ellis planned. “We’ve got enough provisions here for at least a couple of weeks.”
“What if those other buildings that disappeared are in little caves like this one?” Janey asked. “And what about that trail leading into the woods where that person got taken?”
“Right, we have to check all that out.”
“Tell you what,” Janey directed. “You guys keep following the trail around the mountain and see if you can find any other buildings. I’ll investigate the trail leading into the woods.”
“You sure you want to go alone?” Ellis asked.
“I go everywhere alone.” Janey responded. “And I’ll stay hidden, not like you two blunder-heads that walk right down the middle of everything.”
“You’ve got a point.” Ellis relented.
“Let’s do this now, while it’s still early.” Janey gurgled downed an entire bottle of water. When she was done with it, she tossed the empty container aside to grab her axe.
Before she could say it, Jesse said, “Let’s roll!”
Janey grinned, right before the three of them set off.
Ellis and Jesse came across two abandoned residences before they found the ruins of a small liquor store. They investigated each site thoroughly, finding no signs of life save for dozens of huge, pestering ants that had discovered a few boxes of cereal in one of the homes.
As they were walking back to where the gas station was located, Jesse noted that Ellis was more deep in thought than usual. “Why so glum? We’ve got some toilet paper now, and if we can drag them all back, we’ll have some real mattresses to lie on.”
“It’s a progression.” Ellis revealed. “It’s got to be. Whoever is doing this needs people, but they need them more than a couple at a time. That’s why they started with homes. They moved their way up to small stores, and then they went major league with the Do It Yourself warehouse. That has to be why they abducted us near closing time, because we still had a good amount of people on the clock, but not enough to turn us into an army.”
“Imagine if we’d been taken on a Monday morning, when all of the contractors are in there shopping for the week.”
“That’s exactly what I mean.” Ellis said. “At any other time of the day, there would have been twice as many people working inside the store, not to mention all of our customers. If we’d been abducted at a peak time, there could have been two or three hundred people around, at least. So whoever kidnapped us has to know something about the store’s habits.”
“We should have had a small army, shouldn’t we?” Jesse asked. “Any way you look at it.”
Ellis continued. “Only fifteen people made it through the quake and the abduction, and that’s still too many for our adversary to overpower. How many people did they really expect? Ten? Five? How many of us can they realistically hope to subdue? One or two at a time?”
Jesse was about to make a smart-aleck comment, when Janey startled both men by jumping out of the bushes ahead of them.
“You have got to stop doing that!” Ellis cried out. “You almost gave me a heart attack!”
Janey stared back at them grimly.
“What’s wrong?”
“You guys have to see this.” She said, abruptly turning and stepping back into the foliage.
“Why aren’t we taking the trail?” Ellis asked, gripping his shovel tighter.
“It’s not safe.” Janey answered. “Just follow me.”
Holding their weapons at the ready, the two men followed. Through uneven terrain and over a thick layer of fallen leaves, they walked some twenty minutes before they came to a large clearing.
The dirt expanse could have been the size of a football field, bordered all around by immense and scattered trees. A mud wall only a couple of feet high ran along the entire edge. In the center of the clearing, a good dozen of large rocks were embedded into the ground, with fat bases and rounded, jagged tips. The great stones were set in a wide circle and looking every bit like a primeval Stonehenge. Worst of all, each of the twelve-foot high rock peaks showed crimson stains, as if something mortal had been dropped from the heavens and smashed down against them.
“Oh, God.” Ellis gasped. “Please don’t tell me something’s been sacrificing people out here.”
Janey trudged away. “I’ll show you where the bodies are.”
In silence, the two men followed the tight-lipped young lady from the vast clearing and through a tangle of shrubbery. There, below what looked to be a giant thicket, were the scattered remains of over a dozen cadavers.
The bodies were nothing more than bones at this point, but there were unmistakable signs where some animal had ripped through clothing and bone to get at the soft flesh beneath. One corpse was exceptionally gruesome, as it still had long, blonde tresses on its skull, and a few smaller forms wore the colorful attire that kids might wear, although by now the clothing had been severely torn and muddied up.
“There.” Janey pointed.
Without question, the body she’d motioned towards had been the missing associate from the Lumber Department: Marcos.
Although there were tears in his eyes, Ellis was nevertheless shaking from anger and looked ready to strike out at anything. “By all that’s holy, this isn’t right! Human beings shouldn’t be thrown against the rocks like fucking snails being dropped on the street by crows!” He glanced up spitefully towards the sky, only to gawk openly a moment later. “Holy Jesus, will you look at the size of those things!”
Resting on one of the highest branches of a gigantic tree was a pair of red-shouldered hawks. The great raptors had brownish heads and reddish chests, while their bellies were much paler and riddled with red bars. Back home, such hawks might have been two feet high and not posed much of a threat, but in this bizarre land where humans were the size of field mice, the hawks towered over them like dinosaurs. Both of these predators were keeping a keen eye on the trio down below.
“Those have gotta be them.” Jesse reached out to grab Ellis’ shoulder, as much to steady his own nerves as to reassure the bigger man. “The things that ate Marcos and the rest of those people. That’s gotta be them!”
Ellis had his teeth gritted together, as if he intended to go to war with the huge beasts.
Forcefully, Janey pummeled into his side, breaking the larger man’s concentration. “We have to move! Now! We’re being watched by those hawks, and by something else, too!”
The shove had its intended effect. All three humans scrambled from the macabre scene and back into the foliage.
“Keep low and stay close to the tree trunks!” Janey’s panicked voice warned, darting from one spot to the next. “Don’t stop moving or they’ll get you!”
Like frightened lemmings, they fled into the forest.
Janey made several abrupt changes in direction. It seemed they were running blindly to her two followers, when they made one final dash and came to stand, panting, right by the entrance to the great cavern housing the Do It Yourself warehouse.
“Come on.” Janey directed them into the shadows of the cavern, once she’d made sure there were no bats lurking nearby. “I don’t think we were followed this far, but I can’t be one hundred percent sure.”
“I thought we’d gotten lost.” Ellis leaned against the cavern wall and tried to catch his breath. “After you made all those twists and turns…”
“Evasive maneuvers.” Janey explained. “Whatever made those trails probably isn’t as fast as we are, but they might only need to see us standing still before they immobilize us with that psychic attack. And since it seems they prefer flat and stable ground, I cut through the area with the most difficult terrain.”
“Well, you sure gave me a workout.” Ellis chuckled.
“So, we’ve got two things after us?” Jesse asked. “We’ve got big-ass birds to worry about now, and something else, too?”
“Hawks.” Ellis corrected. “Red-shouldered hawks, to be exact, as opposed to red-tailed hawks that only have red on their tail feathers. I took my son on a couple of nature hikes a while back, where we had this guide point out the various types of birds and wildlife in the area. The red-shouldered hawk kind of stuck with me because its feathers are so red. I’m fairly sure that’s what we were looking at a few minutes ago. And yes, those things are lethal to us, since they eat small mammals and reptiles, as well as other birds.”
“But they didn’t attack us?” Jesse wondered. “I mean, those things could have swooped down on us and we wouldn’t have had a chance to defend ourselves.”
“I don’t know why they were sitting still like that.” Ellis replied. “I’m just glad they weren’t hungry at the moment.”
“Maybe they were waiting for the caterpillars, or whatever the other things are,” Janey hypothesized. “Maybe the hawks were waiting for their food to be brought to them by the things that made the trails.”
Ellis grimaced. “I’d rather not think about that, birds and caterpillars working together to sacrifice and eat human beings. Let’s just get back to the burrow and tell the others what’s going on.”
“What about the food we found?” Jesse glanced back at the trail.
“We’ll come back for it.” Ellis decided. “But we’re coming in full force and armed to the teeth. Janey, you want to lead the way?”
“You’re not going to like it.”
“Why not?”
“We should stay off the trails and the most obvious paths, right?” Janey asked. “So we’ll have to rough it through the worst part of the forest.”
“Fine.” Ellis grumbled and took a deep breath. “If it’ll help keep us safe, let’s do it that way.”

Almost another thirty minutes were added to the trek, stretching it out to over two hours. As they neared the lake, both Ellis and Jesse quickened their strides.
“Wait.” Janey halted them. “Just hang out here for a few minutes and take a good look around. That’s what I do.”
“That’s kind of like spying.” Jesse mentioned.
“Maybe.” Janey admitted. “But at least I won’t be walking into an ambush.”
Quietly, they surveyed the lake and the area around the burrow.
“Something doesn’t feel right.” Janey said.
“What makes you say that?” Ellis asked. “It looks pretty quiet to me.”
“Yeah, but it’s almost noon.” Janey replied. “And nobody’s outside the burrow yet. Usually, I’ll see a couple of people walking around, eating, chatting, whatever. You know most of us leave the burrow as soon as the sun comes up.”
“You’re right.” Ellis’ brow furrowed in concern. “What do you suggest we do?”
“Follow me.” Janey said, creeping through the foliage to get a better vantage point.
They came into view of the patch of reeds they’d bathed in. There on the ground and struggling to crawl along on his hands and stomach, was a single prone form.
“That’s Russell!” Ellis rushed away, evading Janey’s reaching hand.
“Wait!” Janey warned him. “You could be walking into a trap!”
“I’m not leaving him out there!” Ellis growled. “Not with those hawks ready to snatch him up at any moment!”
The burly black man hastily trampled over fallen leaves and uneven ground.
In indecision, Jesse looked at Janey.
“Don’t you move!” Janey warned him. “We don’t know if anything’s waiting for us out there. We don’t even know if the burrow’s been compromised!”
Ellis reached the old man. After a quick exchange of words, Ellis picked Russell up and tossed him over his shoulder like an old sack of potatoes. The big man looked in the direction of his companions, and very obviously pointed back at the patch of reeds, after which he started trudging towards the burrow with his load.
“We should check out the reeds.” Jesse announced.
“Okay, but we have to do this carefully.” Janey replied. “You stay here and keep an eye on Ellis until he steps into the cave. I’ll take a look at the reeds, and I’ll motion if I need you. If I drop to the floor, it’s going to be up to you to carry me to the burrow. Don’t you dare leave me, okay? Promise!”
Once Jesse agreed, Janey scurried off and left the anxious and frightened young man crouched beside a large bush’s trunk. He watched as Ellis took the time to round the lake with Russell in tow. Ellis made staggered steps up the incline until he finally disappeared into their new home.
“Jesse!” Janey’s alarmed voice cried out, resulting in Jesse bolting towards the reeds.
He leaped over roots thicker than telephone poles, and almost slipped on a clump of giant, old leaves, before he reached the dry ground right next to the water. Janey, he morbidly realized, was dragging Martha’s limp body from the edge nearest the tall reeds. In a scramble, they managed to set the drenched and half naked form on the moist dirt.
Janey had tears in her eyes. “She’s dead. Those things must have attacked her and Russell while they were in the water. She must have fallen down unconscious, and she must have drowned, and…” She broke off into long sobs.
“I don’t think I’m strong enough to carry her back.” Jesse studied the bloated and pale corpse. “And I don’t want to drag her along the dirt, so you’re going to have to bring me a flat cart.”
“Okay.” Janey nodded. “But you shouldn’t stay here by yourself, either. Those things might come after you next.”
“Then what, we both go? We can’t just leave her here!”
Janey’s eyes saw something behind Jesse, for they widened in fear. She hurled her body at Jesse and knocked him to the ground. Jesse rolled over and cried out as he saw a huge flying form, that of a red-shouldered hawk. It glided down onto the edge of the lake with its gigantic and outstretched, crescent shaped wings.
The great hawk landed, largely ignoring the two forms shuddering in its shadow. It took a few lengthy strides to stand before the body. The hawk grasped the corpse in one of its huge claws, curling its talons around Martha’s waist, before it flapped off in such a commotion that dust and pebbles were flung at the two startled humans.
Janey was on her feet in an instant, ready to launch her hatchets at the retreating bird of prey, but the creature was already beyond reach. “You son of a bitch! You bring her back!”
“We should take cover.” Jesse told her, careful not to get too close to the distraught female and her two deadly weapons. “Before that thing comes back for seconds.”
“Let it come!” Janey screamed.
“Hey, we don’t stand a chance against that monster!” Jesse dared to step right in front of her. “We’ll figure out what to do against the hawks later, but for now, we have to find out what happened to the others! Come on!”
Jesse trudged away.
After a few moments, Janey called out, “Wait for me.”
They reached the burrow a few minutes later.
“We’re coming in!” Jesse announced their arrival.
Inside, it was like a morgue. Beetle and Dougie were lying to one side, motionless. Cindy looked as frantic as a mouse as she watched Ellis making a comfortable spot for Russell.
“Where’s everybody else?” Jesse asked.
Cindy lowered her head and started crying. “I don’t know. They’re all gone!”
“Jesse, give me a hand here.” Ellis directed. Between the two of them, they managed to get Russell positioned on an outstretched apron, over a large patch of foam they were using for bedding. Russell moaned incoherently and in pain for a few moments, before he drifted off to some sort of distraught slumber.
Finally, Ellis turned and addressed Cindy. “Look, I know you guys went through some bullshit here, but you have to tell us exactly what happened, right from the start.”
“There was a lot of screaming, and I saw these big worms coming, and they spat some stuff out of their mouths. They wrapped it around everybody’s legs and dragged them away!”
“Cindy, please, get a grip on yourself!” Ellis grabbed her by the shoulders. “Things might get a whole lot uglier than you want to know, but we have to find out exactly what happened if we’re going to try and rescue anybody.”
Cindy nodded through a face full of streaming tears. “Okay, okay. Let me calm down a little bit.”
Ellis let her go.
“We were… We were just hanging out, waiting for you guys to come back.” Cindy started. “Russell took Florie and Martha. They all went to clean themselves up.”
“How long ago?”
“Uh, when the sun started coming out.” Cindy thought back. “When the mist started going away.”
“Then what happened?”
“We heard Florie scream.” Cindy gulped. “Brenda told me to get the guys, since they were both still in here asleep. She took off with Betty and Richelle to go see what happened. I woke up Beetle and Dougie, and we were about to go after them. As soon as we stepped outside of the burrow, both of them grabbed their heads. They started screaming and they fell down like they’d been knocked out and I thought they were dead, and…”
“Slow down, Cindy.”
The teen looked ready to bolt away in panic, except there was nowhere for her to run to. “I… I was scared. The only thing I could think of was to get Beetle and Dougie back into the burrow. I dragged them inside, and then I was going to run back out and get the women, because I saw that they’d all fallen down too. That’s when I saw the worms coming out of the forest.”
“What did they look like?”
“They were big and green, and they had all these big black spots on them.” Cindy gasped out.
“How big, Cindy? The size of a bus?”
Cindy shook her head. “No, the size of a person. Maybe a little bigger than a person.”
“Would you say they looked like caterpillars?”
Cindy thought this over for a moment. “Yes! They were just like caterpillars, with like a hundred little feet, and these big spikes on their heads.”
“Their antennae? Okay, what happened next?”
“I thought they were going to get me, too.” Cindy answered. “So, I ran back into the cave. But I didn’t stay in here too long, because I wanted to try and get to the women. So I’d run up to take a look, and see if they’d left them alone, but they didn’t. Then I’d run back into the tunnel if I saw one of them coming this way or looking at me.
“That’s how I saw what they doing. They shot this thick, gooey stuff out from their mouths, and they, like, spun it around the women’s legs. Then they started walking away, and dragging Brenda and the others behind them.”
“But they didn’t attack you?” Ellis asked.
“I got this big headache whenever one of them stared at me.” Cindy revealed. “Like a really bad headache, but I didn’t fall over like everybody else did. I don’t know if they’d used up all their energy on the others or what, but I didn’t pass out like they did.”
Ellis glanced over at the prone forms on the ground. “It looks like Beetle and Dougie are going to be out of commission for a while. They might have taken direct hits. I’m guessing that both Florie and Martha got direct hits too, since Russell mentioned that they’d fallen over right before he got attacked. Janey, Jesse, did you guys find anybody out there?”
Jesse tried to be tactful in mentioning what happened to Martha, but Cindy still burst into loud sobs.
“I wonder how long it will take for these caterpillars to get up to full strength.” Ellis looked at the three people still left coherent. “We may not have a lot of time to rescue the others.”
“At least we know where they’re headed.” Janey grimly reminded them.
Ellis turned back to Cindy. “These giant hawks weren’t helping them? They didn’t fly down and take anybody, did they?”
Cindy shook her head. “I didn’t see any kind of birds out there, just the caterpillars. I mean, I wasn’t really paying attention to the sky, you know?”
“I don’t think you could have missed these things.” Jesse stated.
“Right.” Ellis said. “How many of these caterpillars did you see, total?”
“At least five or six.”
“And there must have been a couple more by where we saw those… stones.” Ellis calculated. “And who knows how many there are in their colony, or hive, or whatever they live in.”
“We have to reach them before they get to the stones.” Janey stepped forward.
“But how are we going to fight them if they can knock us out mentally?”
“Missile weapons would be my first choice.” Janey started.
“I don’t remember seeing any of those in our inventory!”
“Then we use guerrilla tactics.” The brazen female continued. “We sneak up on them and pick them off, just like they’ve been doing to us.”
Ellis took one last look at his fallen friends, before he turned to Cindy. “You think you can watch these guys until we get back?”
Cindy nodded.
“Good, because we’re about to go to war with these things.”

11

One hour later found the trio embedded deep inside the forest, with Ellis and Jesse in hot pursuit on the main trail. Amazingly, Janey kept pace with them from several yards away, and in much worse terrain.
Ellis motioned for Jesse to halt, before the big man hunched over and placed his hands on his knees. “Give me a second to catch my breath. I haven’t hiked this hard in years.”
Standing beside him, Jesse was going through a myriad of emotions. Earlier, when they’d left the burrow, he’d been charged with adrenaline and ready for immediate action, but the long jog had since depleted his energy. Now, his emotions were going back and forth between anger, anxiety and outright fear. He was glad for the pause, as it gave him the chance to collect himself for whatever conflict was imminent. “Are you sure we can do this? Just the three of us against who knows how many of these things that are out there?”
“I hope so.” Ellis straightened up. “But it’s not like we have any choice.” He reached into the doubled-up grocery bag slung over his shoulder and brought out a water bottle, which he quickly unscrewed and took a long drink from. “I think one of my calves wants to cramp up.”
Jesse cringed at the thought of having to leave Ellis behind. He turned to gaze deep into the foliage, but no matter how hard he tried, Janey was impossible to find.
“I’m good to go.” Ellis announced.
They started off once again. It was clear, however, that Ellis’ pace wasn’t as quick as when they’d first set out, as the man was favoring one leg. They’d traversed another five minutes of trail when Ellis reached over and grabbed Jesse’s arm to halt him.
“Listen!” He whispered.
For a few moments, Jesse heard nothing at all, until a whimpering moan floated by. It was coming from just over the next rise in the terrain, and precisely in the direction they were going.
“I think that’s Brenda.” Ellis started summoning up his energies and braced himself for action. The burly man gazed directly at his counterpart. “Be ready for anything.”
No sooner had Jesse nodded, than Ellis burst into motion. He rushed over the rise like a mad barbarian, with his hands clenched tightly on the end of his shovel and ready to start swinging. Jesse, following Janey’s earlier instructions, shadowed him from a few feet to one side and a few feet back.
They got their first good look at their adversaries. The creatures were indeed caterpillars, some six feet in length and three feet high, but each was distinct in color and form. The first was a leafy green with a dozen black stripes, and a few orange spots visible on each stripe. Its front pro-legs were tiny, while the several pairs on its abdomen and the single pair on its tail end were thick and chubby. The second caterpillar was a darker green, appearing almost slug-like, with a row of widely separated white spots running on both sides, two fat yellow antennae on its front end, and a single red ‘tentacle’ on its hind end. Both caterpillars had long ropes of silk coming out from their back ends, which ran a length of several feet and ended up wrapped around Brenda’s ankles.
Brenda, the rescuers noted, was struggling to crawl away from her captors, while the caterpillars were tugging and dragging at their heavy load. It was also clear that the stout woman was still affected by the psychic attack, as her movements were sluggish and uncoordinated.
“Let her go!” Ellis commanded, running in front of the two caterpillars and threatening to smash the more colorful of the two with his shovel. “Let her go, now!”
Seemingly obeying, both caterpillars severed their lines of silk and turned to focus on their armed threat, while Jesse took up a nervous spot behind Ellis. The strange creatures began to rear up before them, with a full half of their bodies soon stretching upright.
A second later, Jesse’s nose wrinkled in repugnance, as some foul odor began to permeate the air. It was bad enough to force him to take a few steps back. Some kind of chemical attack, he figured.
“Move away from her, now!” Ellis shouted, inching forward and making as if he were about to swat out with the shovel.
The next few minutes passed in a blur, as whatever chemical had been released into the air blurred Jesse’s vision and concentration. He remembered seeing Ellis suddenly drop the shovel and clutch at his head, and hearing the man scream as he fell over backwards onto the packed dirt.
Jesse also remembered watching as the two caterpillars squirmed over to face him. Knowing they were about to attack, he rushed forward and lashed out with his tool-turned-deadly-weapon. He’d aimed the chopper at the head of one caterpillar, only to see both the chopper and the monster’s head repel each other with a sharp crack. In that split second, Jesse knew that the creature’s head had to be much harder than the rest of its body.
Apparently, Janey had quickly taken this new information into account. When she entered the scene, she brought her axe down hard on that same caterpillar, striking at an angle just below the head, where she ripped a deep tear into its soft flesh. The beast fell once Janey wrenched her axe away, and lay pained and writhing on the ground.
The second caterpillar reared up and started shooting off globs of pus-like material from its mouth. Although Janey avoided most of these, one ugly glob landed on her arm. She backed up and screamed as if some sort of acid was burning into her flesh.
Hearing her cries prompted Jesse to tighten his grip on his chopper. With a grunt of effort, he slammed it into the upright caterpillar’s soft side. The sharpened tip bit deep into the monster’s body. Jesse knew he’d struck a mortal wound, for the caterpillar crazily thrashed and bucked away from him. Angrily, Jesse yanked his weapon free from its flesh. For good measure, he plunged his chopper into his enemy’s body a second time. He held his chopper firm until the caterpillar toppled over on its side and started shaking in its death throes. The two caterpillars no longer menaced them, Jesse grimly observed. They were both uttering weak, squeaky noises and dying.
Janey scurried over to Ellis’ grocery bag, ripping a water bottle free. A second later she was pouring its contents onto her wounded arm. She even grabbed a nearby giant leaf and wiped the remainder of the acid away, leaving a scathed and raw patch of skin behind.
“How bad is it?” Jesse asked, even as he rushed over to Ellis’ side.
“It stings like crazy, but at least I’m not bleeding.”
Ellis was still grabbing at his head, with tears streaming from his eyes.
“El, you okay?”
“Yeah. Check on Brenda.”
Jesse hurried over to the prone woman, finding she was now sitting up and trying to free herself from the strong silk wrapped around her ankles.
“I’m okay.” Brenda shooed him away. “They sprayed that shit on me, and I couldn’t see or think clear enough. It’s going away now, so you go check on somebody else.”
Stubbornly, Brenda managed to loosen one of the thick strands off, but the second proved to be beyond her. Giving up, she wobbled unsteadily a few moments until she gained her feet, and she staggered over to Ellis. “Baby, how you doin’?”
“I’ll live.”
Brenda took a seat next to him, and caringly brought his head up onto her lap. “You’ll be alright. You only got hit by one of those things. Me and the others must have gotten hit by two or more of them, like when you guys were attacked before. That’s how they can knock somebody out for damn near the entire day, by combining their energies together.” She looked up at the others. “Did you make it to the burrow? Is everybody okay over there?”
Jesse frowned, his own senses clearing up and returning to normal, finally. “Martha didn’t make it. The rest of the guys are breathing, but they’re out of action for now. Cindy is watching over them.”
“Oh, dear Jesus.” Brenda grimaced and started trickling tears. “Martha never did anything to anybody, and neither did any of the others. Why would they do this to us? Why?”
Jesse hesitated to reveal the truth, when Janey stepped forward and beat him to the punch.
“The caterpillars are working with these giant hawks.” Janey said, as she wrapped her injured arm with first aid gauze. This was part of the arsenal she’d brought along in one of her utility belt’s many storage pouches. “I don’t know how they’re doing it, or why they’re doing it, but together they’re bringing buildings with people inside of them from our world and into this one. The caterpillars round up the people and bring them to the hawks. They sacrifice human beings to the hawks.”
Brenda gaped back at her in disbelief. “Child, what are you on?”
“It’s all true.” Ellis seconded. “I saw it, we all saw it, with our own eyes. We saw where the sacrifices take place.”
Realization hit Brenda like a brick wall. “Then they came to get us so they can sacrifice us? You mean, right now they could be doing that to Betty and them?”
Wordlessly, Ellis nodded.
“Well, who all is still missing?” Brenda sounded alarmed.
“Betty, Florie and Richelle.” Janey answered.
“Oh, my God.” Brenda shook her head. “We’ve got to do something!”
“We are.” Ellis started getting to his feet, but as soon as he placed his weight on his legs, he doubled over and grabbed at one of his calves. “Ah! Ah!” The big man fell back to the ground.
“What is it, baby? What’s wrong?”
“Leg cramp.” Ellis grunted from the pain. “We’ve got to get moving. I can’t let this stop me!”
“Well, I’m feeling a lot better now.” Brenda pulled herself off the ground. “You lean on me, and we’ll manage as best we can.”
With Jesse’s help, Brenda got Ellis up to his feet. Together, they took a few hobbled steps. It was clear, however, that Ellis was going to slow their progress to a crawl.
Janey watched this intently. “We have to go on ahead without you.”
“No!” Ellis refused. “Just the two of you against an army, I don’t think so! We just have to sit still for a few minutes until I get my leg back under control. Then we’ll all go together.” Having said this, Ellis groaned as a new wave of pain wracked his calf.
Janey waited until Ellis stopped making noise. “Jesse and I are going to take the path to the cavern, then follow the mountain trail to the gas station. We’re going to take the split out to where the stones are. You can come after us when you’re ready.”
“What gas station?” Brenda asked, but Janey ignored her.
“I’m not letting you guys go by yourselves.” Ellis made a pained face.
“Just wish us luck.” Janey replied. “We’re going.”
“Child, you be careful.” Brenda said. “Both of you be careful. We’ll catch up with you as soon as we can.”
Janey nodded, turned around and started down the trail.
As Jesse walked past the caterpillar carnage in her wake, he knew that Janey was right. For all they knew, the caterpillars might have already made it to the stones. Maybe they really were getting ready to carry out their grisly ritual. Time was a luxury they did not have.
He jogged up to Janey’s side. “How’s your arm?”
“Really raw.” Janey answered. “The gauze feels like its ripping into my flesh. I mean, just the air hitting it was enough to make it throb.”
“Who would have thought those caterpillars could have that kind of defenses?”
“Listen, what Ellis did was stupid, really stupid.” Janey left the trail and started through the foliage. Luckily, she wasn’t taking the most difficult route this time. “He just stood in front of the caterpillars like a statue, and he let them make the first move.”
Jesse defended his friend. “Well, he didn’t know what he was up against. None of us could have known that.”
“He knew they had psychic attacks.” Janey countered. “Next time we come up against those things, you don’t wait, you don’t hesitate. You strike first and ask questions later. You got that?”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t want to lose… any more friends.”
I don’t want to lose you, she was about to say. Jesse was sure of it.
Judging from the contours of the landscape, about forty minutes later he noticed they were nearing the cavern. Janey’s head was doing its usual non-stop scanning, when without warning she struck out her hand and smacked his chest.
“Don’t move a muscle.” She warned, crouching low and scampering away. She stayed in that position, parked near a thick shrub trunk, until she motioned for Jesse to come closer. She pointed through the shrubbery and trees at a tiny clearing where the trail cut through.
“I’m not seeing anything.” Jesse shrugged his shoulders.
“There’s a new trail, right by that giant tree.”
Jesse looked closer, to no avail. “How can you be sure it wasn’t there before?”
“Trust me, it wasn’t there before. And since it looks like it’s heading away from the cavern and towards the stones, I’ve got to go check it out. You wait for me right here, in case Brenda and Ellis make it this far.”
“Are you sure?”
“When am I not sure?”
Jesse observed as Janey stealthily moved from cover to cover, then like a mouse she scurried across the main trail. She maneuvered a few more times, and it was only then that Jesse saw the new trail she’d been pointing at. A moment later she was lost from his sight. Jesse stood alert for a few minutes, then relented and slid down to a sitting position next to the shrub’s trunk.
Pensive, Jesse started thinking about Martha, and about how he’d never really gotten along with her. It was just starting to sink in that she had been murdered. He wondered how Russell would deal with such a loss, as the two had been married for less than a day. Right after, Jesse wondered how he might react if something similar happened to Betty.
He’d be devastated, he realized. Betty meant a lot more to him than he thought. Did that mean he really loved her, even though he didn’t consider himself to be in love with her?
Then, Jesse thought about Janey’s close call, and he wondered how he’d feel if something bad happened to Janey. He’d begun to consider Janey as a sort of tough, street savvy little sister, but he had to admit, he was finding himself more and more physically attracted to her. Especially after he’d watched her in action a few times, and watched how well she handled herself in a skirmish. And then there was the time he’d seen her nude by the reed patch, when she’d ended up catching that huge fish.
Would he be as hurt as he’d be if something happened to Betty? He’d just started reevaluating his feelings for Janey, when he was startled by a sharp shriek. It wasn’t Janey, he was sure of that. The cry had come from the opposite direction, anyway.
Jumping to his feet, Jesse knew he had to make a quick decision. He couldn’t wait for Janey to come back, as the life of one of his friends might be at stake. Without further delay, he rushed away from his hiding place.
Racing over the main trail, he rounded a bend of foliage and listened for any other noises, but none came forth. If he continued on that same path, he’d reach the cavern in perhaps five or six minutes. On the other hand, if he cut across the shrubbery, he’d reach the mountainside trail that much quicker, and maybe even get ahead of whatever number of caterpillars were dragging whoever had just screamed.
But could he deal with them alone? He’d have to, he understood, and in the grim fashion Janey had advised earlier. Strike first and ask questions later.
Jesse scrambled through the gigantic brush, leaping over crevices and clogs of dirt like an athlete. He mentally planned how he might handle multiple caterpillars: harpoon the nearest with his chopper-scraper, and if he lost his main weapon, he’d use his back-up hatchet on the rest. All the while, he would have to keep in constant motion, so the threats couldn’t latch on to him and render him unconscious with those blasted psychic attacks.
Through breaks in the shrubbery, he could see the form of the mountain. Before he knew it, he’d popped out onto the narrower mountainside trail and into the open. Jesse glanced around, discovering a sight that stunned him briefly; for just a few feet away, and looking even more hairy and disheveled than usual, was none other than the missing barbarian, Sanders.
The Wildman looked equally surprised to see him.
“What are you doing here?” Jesse demanded, remembering the beating that Sanders had given Brenda. He was tempted to harpoon the man on the spot.
It took a moment for the shocked and mangy Sanders to answer. “I saw the worm people. They captured some of the girls!”
Jesse was about to ask which way they’d taken the women, when Sanders suddenly pointed past him.
“There’s one right behind you!” He cried out.
Jesse spun around. Sure enough, a huge black caterpillar with numerous white and yellow markings was rearing up on its middle legs, not five yards away. Its wiry antennae might have been two feet long, and its cruel mandibles chomped back and forth as if the creature were already feasting on his body.
In a split second, Jesse realized that he was completely exposed and vulnerable. A searing pain burst through the young man’s head, slamming into him with the force of a baseball bat, and erupting a pained shriek from his body. Jesse found himself reeling backwards and falling to the ground. The world was spinning around him. He fought to keep the darkness from sweeping through him, while in spastic glimpses he saw a smiling Sanders step over his body.
Then, he saw Sander’s big fist launch towards his face.

“Jesse, you okay?” Ellis’ deep voice sounded muffled, yet bellowing at the same time like a foghorn having a bad night. “I can see your eyes fluttering, so I know you’re coming to.”
Jesse knew better than to try and sit up right away, as he’d probably only make himself dizzy. He waited until his mind and his vision cleared up a bit. “What happened? Where are we? Why is it so dark?”
“We’re just inside the smaller cavern, where the gas station is.” Ellis replied.
“We heard you screaming like a banshee, that’s what happened.” Brenda stepped into his line of vision. “And we rushed over to find that motherfucker Sanders and a couple of worms trying to carry you away.”
“I guess they didn’t want to tangle with the two of us right then.” Ellis stated. “Because those caterpillars took off as fast as they could go, which I gotta tell you, is not very fast. The only thing that kept us from going after them is the chance that they might have knocked us out from a distance.”
“What about Sanders?”
“That asshole jumped into the bushes and ran off.” Brenda scolded the memory of the man. “I swear, if I ever get my hands on him, I will kill him!”
“What about Janey? Did you guys see her?”
“Yeah, she tracked us down.” Ellis informed him. “She discovered where the caterpillars are coming from. I don’t know if I’d call it a village, but she says there might be a few dozen out there, in a tight cluster of bushes.” The big man paused and sighed. “Since we’ve lost the element of surprise, I thought it would be better if we had more manpower on our side. I sent Janey back to the burrow to enlist Beetle and Dougie, if they’re up and about now. And if they’re not up and about, I told her to make them up and about!”
Brenda ambled over. “Here’s a sports drink. You’re going to be needing some electrolytes for when we go into battle.”
At any other time, Jesse would have thought that last comment to be hilarious.
“We’ve probably been sitting here for an hour now, waiting for you to come to.” Ellis looked anxious. “I just hope we’re not too late to save the women.”
Wobbly, Jesse took a long swig from the plastic bottle.
Ellis trudged away. “I can’t wait any longer. I keep thinking about those stones and all that blood on them. I’m going, even if I have to go by myself.”
Unsteadily, Jesse got to his feet. “I’m going, too.”
“See what some electrolytes can do for you?” Brenda joked. “Now, are you sure there wasn’t any shotgun inside of that convenience store? Did you check everywhere, baby?”
“We looked.” Ellis answered.
“Then what am I going to use for a weapon, a mop handle?”
“How about a hatchet?” Jesse saw his weapons lying on the ground.
“I might bring that thing down on Sander’s head, except the sight of blood is gonna make me faint.” Brenda considered this. “That man probably has green blood, anyway. He’s more like a reptile than a human being!”
“I don’t know about Sanders, but the caterpillar I stabbed had yellow blood.” Jesse recalled, handing the hatchet to the big woman.
Ellis was checking his gear. “I can’t believe that son of a bitch is in league with them.”
“Nasty insects recognize other nasty insects.” Brenda said distastefully, eyeing the small weapon closely. “How sharp is this thing?”
“Janey sharpened that one. So I’m guessing it’s pretty sharp.” Jesse admitted, showing off his chopper. “I know this thing is, and I did this one myself. Don’t aim right at the caterpillars’ heads, because they’re pretty hard. Aim at the softer area just past the head.”
“Listen to you, you sound just like the Terminator.”
“You guys ready?” Ellis was prepared to march out.
“We ready, sugah.” Brenda flirted. “And since you saved my life earlier, when we get back to the burrow I’m going to give you a good romp. I don’t care if I have to drag you in there myself, I will have my way with you one way or the other.”
“Will you please focus on what we have to do?”
“Oh, I’m focused on all kinds of things we’re going to do together.” Brenda kept up the banter. “But I will set my agenda to the side for now, since we’ve got some serious business to attend to first.”
Jesse couldn’t help but chuckle.
“I’ll take the lead and try to get to the women.” Ellis volunteered as they walked. “Jesse, you do your best to keep the caterpillars distracted, and Brenda, you’ll have to spot your attacks very carefully. Quick in and quick out. If anyone goes down, the remaining two will have to drag that person to safety.”
“Is that why you’re making me walk at the end of the line? Because you think I’m too fat to handle myself?”
Ellis ignored the smart-aleck remark and walked on.

A short while later, and just as they reached the low mud wall that encircled the sacrificial site, Ellis motioned for them to take cover. Near the centralized, blood-stained stones were about ten caterpillars, including the big black one Jesse had encountered earlier. In their tight semi-circle were the still bodies of the three abducted women: Betty, Florie and Richelle.
They saw a plethora of different features and shapes on the small army of caterpillars, from the size and thickness of their antennae to their legs, to the small tail-like appendages known as ‘tentacles.’ Their appendages were as varied as their coloring, hued in various shades of green, orange, white and yellow. What was also clearly evident was that the caterpillars seemed to be merely milling about with no purpose.
“What do you think they’re waiting for?” Jesse whispered.
“I don’t know.” Ellis answered. “Maybe the two freaks you and Janey took out when we rescued Brenda. Maybe they can’t get started without them.”
As they continued to watch the predators for the next several minutes, with the unmoving women still lying in their midst, they noticed that three new caterpillars appeared from the periphery and began inching their way towards the group.
“Damn it!” Ellis hissed. “Now we have another bunch to deal with! We should have attacked when we first got here! Now there’s like thirteen of them!”
There was a huge flapping heard high in the trees. All three of them looked up to see a handful of red-shouldered hawks landing on the highest branches of the trees and ominously surveying the proceedings. Each one was at least the size of a two-story building.
“Those are the hawks you were talking about?” Brenda sounded nervous. “May Jesus help us, those things are huge!”
“Yup.” Ellis sounded defeated. “That’s them all right.”
We’re going to die out here, Jesse thought, understanding just how vastly outnumbered they were.
“Listen, they’re singing.” Brenda whispered.
Sure enough, a steady stream of sounds began to fill the air. The caterpillars all had their heads raised towards the section of the trees where the hawks were perched. An unmistakable hum was coming from their midst.
“It’s almost like they’re praying, ain’t it?” Brenda looked sickened.
“We’ve got to do something.” Ellis growled. “I’m not about to just stand here and watch our people get massacred!”
“I’m with you.” Jesse nodded. “But how do you want to do it? I mean, the field is so wide. No matter what direction we take they’re going to see us coming from a mile away.”
“We have no real choice, we’re going right down the middle.” Ellis resolved. “We rush in and take as many of them out as we can.”
“Boys…” Brenda started.
Visibly, Ellis tensed up and appeared ready to take on the world. “All right, on the count of three, we go. Ready?”
Jesse nodded, tightening his grip on the chopper.
“Ellis, listen!” Brenda slapped his shoulder.
“What?”
“Listen!”
Over the harmony of the caterpillars, a new noise could be heard. It was not unlike the frenzied honking of a car horn. A few moments later, the rumble of a familiar and unmistakable engine emerged as well.
“The forklift!” Jesse realized. “Janey brought the forklift!”
Sure enough, the forklift was soon smashing over the mud wall some fifty yards away, but instead of Janey in the driver’s seat, they saw Beetle hammering away at the horn. Dougie and Janey were clinging onto either side of the frame. Janey was sporting her familiar long handled axe, while Dougie had a plastic tank hoisted on his back, and a pesticide sprayer in his grip.
Even as the caterpillars halted their song and shifted to scrutinize the newcomers, Ellis knew that Janey’s group was completely exposed, just like they were about to be. “Now, we have to go now, before they start getting picked off!”
Like sitting ducks, Jesse finished off in his thoughts.
Ellis ran into the clearing. Without checking to see if Brenda was following, Jesse burst out after him.
Eliciting a fierce cry born of both anger and courage, Ellis sped over the vast distance with his shovel poised high over his head. All of a sudden, he slowed to a halt and dropped his weapon. The big man clutched at his head, dropping to one knee as he desperately tried to fight off the mental barrage the caterpillars were aiming at him.
Knowing firsthand the abilities of their adversaries, Jesse figured this might happen. With Ellis now almost out of the picture, the young man started zigzagging his own run and hoping his random movement would keep the caterpillars from locking onto him.
That’s when Sanders trotted out from an edge of the circle and made his way to intercept him. The formidable opponent looked like ready for murder, holding a thick branch in his grip that was even thicker than his arms. Sanders smiled at him maliciously. “You ready for another beat-down, huh, kid?”
Jesse wondered if he had any chance whatsoever against the much bigger, stronger man.
“I’ll take him!” Ellis’ pained voice growled from somewhere behind him. “You keep going and get to the women!”
Ellis, who’d been staggering and floundering just seconds ago, was about to square off against the mean and powerful Sanders? Wishing the former supervisor luck, Jesse widened his run path to avoid the human threat, while both large men started hurling obscenities at one another. What a battle that was shaping up to be, Jesse pondered, before turning his thoughts toward his own survival.
No way Brenda was keeping up with them, Jesse calculated, knowing he’d be the first to reach the horde of caterpillars, and well ahead of the forklift and the others. He would undoubtedly fall, he knew, but at least he’d give Janey’s pack a few more moments to approach before…
Another war cry threw off his concentration, but only for quick second, as he recovered and sped off randomly while at the same time trying to fathom its source. It was Janey. She had somehow already reached the pack of caterpillars and was leaping about as the great creatures reared up before her like six-foot flyswatters. Her long-handled axe slashed out and became embedded into the ribbed length of a mostly yellow caterpillar. Reluctantly, Janey abandoned her main weapon and withdrew her smaller hatchets. One of the bigger caterpillars slammed its body down hard like a hammer, scattering dirt and dust from the impact, but the agile Janey had already jumped out of the way.
There was a strange squealing sound, which Jesse quickly traced to the wounded caterpillar. He had no time to dwell on it, as he reached the fringes of the mob a short second later.
“Hey, ugly!” Jesse shouted at the nearest monstrosity.
The dark green caterpillar slid sideways to greet him. As it raised itself up Jesse felt a piercing bolt of pain rip through his head. Thankfully, this time the attack wasn’t powerful or prolonged enough to render him unconscious.
Jesse thrust his chopper-scraper forward, ripping into the creature’s middle. As the caterpillar shrieked from the wound, Jesse tore his weapon loose and darted aside. The creature seemed to stare at him in shock, before it finally fell over and curled up from the pain.
A second, much bigger monster came down right next to him. Hastily, Jesse jumped and tripped on the uneven terrain and ended up falling on his butt. Seizing Jesse’s disadvantage, the caterpillar lunged over him. Jesse barely had the time to get his chopper across his chest when the caterpillar’s weight barreled down on him. The massive burden smashed the chopper’s long handle down on him, causing his breath to slip out of him like a burst balloon.
Gasping, Jesse tried to shove the giant aside, but he could no more move the caterpillar than he could move an angry mountain. Already, the creature’s giant mandibles were snapping dangerously close to his face.
The forklift finally rumbled into the fray, with Beetle still honking away like a madman. The first caterpillar that dared oppose the machine was tumbled over and trampled mercilessly under its heavy wheels.
Dougie hopped off the edge of the forklift and aimed his pesticide sprayer towards Jesse and the caterpillar pinning him to the ground. “Try not to breathe this!”
A heavy mist issued from the sprayer, causing the caterpillar to recoil instantly and roll over on its side, while much of the toxic liquid ended up landing on Jesse’s face and arms.
Try not to breathe this, Jesse thought in irritation. Dougie had pretty much doused his entire upper body with poison!
“Move over this way!” Dougie ordered, as he stepped over Jesse’s fallen body to continue spraying the staggered creature.
Jesse rolled to his feet, trying to assess the chaotic situation in a mere heartbeat. From a distance, he saw Ellis struck high on the shoulder by Sanders’ brutal club and falling down. He also saw Janey surrounded by three writhing caterpillars, while the forklift lumbered to her aid, and a second later, he saw Dougie drop to his knees and start clutching at his head, having been struck by a psychic attack.
Jesse spotted the caterpillar mentally barraging Dougie, and leaped towards it. His chopper and his momentum toppled the standing creature backwards, and with sharp and quick thrusts, he quickly took the monster out of action.
“Dougie, you okay?”
Dougie was on one knee, shaking his head. “That hurt! I mean, I’m still not completely over the last attack…”
“Listen!” Jesse demanded. “You’ve got to keep moving or else they’ll target you again. Spray and dodge, you got it?”
Dougie nodded, taking a quick breath before he set off towards the bunch still surrounding Janey.
Jesse shot a glance towards Ellis. His friend was now on the ground, with Sanders gloating over his apparent victory and poising himself for the killing blow. There was no way Jesse could reach them in time to stop Sanders from mortally striking his friend.
What Sanders didn’t see, however, was Brenda’s lumbering form coming at him from behind. Jesse didn’t think she’d be capable of using the hatchet he’d given her earlier, but sure enough; there she was wielding it like a maniac. She brought it down on Sanders’ head, hard enough to send the much sturdier man reeling away in confusion. Brenda didn’t halt there, as she followed the stunned man with a predator’s will, striking at his back and arms repeatedly with the sharpened weapon until Jesse didn’t dare witness any more.
There were far fewer caterpillars fighting than he’d expected, and he soon figured out why. The rest of them had dragged their three female victims further away. Once again they’d begun their strange melodic humming as they faced up toward the five red-shouldered hawks, which were still perched passively on the highest branches of the trees.
Jesse realized that the caterpillars meant to go through with their sacrificial ceremony, and that he was the only person left who could do anything about it. It would be just him against six massive caterpillars. No time left for fear, no time for doubt. It was time for action!
At that moment, Betty’s eyes fluttered open and she became aware of the horrors surrounding her and the other two women. She shrieked a loud and piercing cry that broke the caterpillars’ steady chanting. Clumsily, Betty tried to roll away and escape. Several of the creatures moved to stop her.
Taking advantage of their distraction, Jesse rushed at them, lashing out with his chopper. He smacked a caterpillar on the top of its hard head, and even as it turned to target him, Jesse straddled its back and used both hands to bring the sharp chopper down into the monster’s soft back. The caterpillar bucked him off before he could withdraw his weapon. In the tight seconds it took him to scramble on the ground, and to fumble with his tool belt for some other weapon, two caterpillars used their combined psychic attack on him.
Jesse cried out as a searing shock tore through his brain, when the sensation abruptly ceased. He focused his eyes to see a splatter of yellow blood as Janey’s long handled axe ripped into the first of his adversaries. Next, he watched as the agile heroine shoved the wounded caterpillar aside. Smoothly, she withdrew her already bloody hatchets from their loops as she went after the second one.
Like a deadly assassin, Janey danced around her victim, slashing down with her hatchets, then darting to one side to avoid being targeted by any of the others. The caterpillar she was battling was always a second too late in tracking her, even as her timed strikes continued to torment it and open up numerous wounds across its length.
It might have been in a split moment during that fracas, that Jesse finally admitted to himself that he did have feelings for Janey, and that they were much stronger than mere friendship.
Betty’s next scream jolted him into action, provoking Jesse into rushing forward to save his girl. One of the caterpillars managed to pin her ankle down by grasping it with several pairs of forelegs, but she was still squirming to get away.
He couldn’t let anything happen to Betty, Jesse thought, as he tore at his tool belt for his blasted pruning knife, which he felt slip through his fingers and tumble down to the ground. He paused for a second to crouch and reach out for the weapon. This gave one of the last three caterpillars the moment it needed to pinpoint his head. Electric fire once again burned through his brain. Jesse fell over and grabbed at his temples, seeing Janey’s fleeting shape flash across his trembling vision.
Thankfully, the pain didn’t last long, although it did take Jesse a few moments to gather his wits together. Tiredly, he got up on one knee. The first thing that met his sight was Beetle whooping like an Indian chieftain as the forklift swept yet another victim under its heavy treads.
Scanning a little closer, he watched Janey finish off another caterpillar. The last two threats looked to be retreating from her, but trying to keep themselves between Janey and the three captive women at the same time.
Jesse calculated that he had time to reach his chopper. He rushed at the dead caterpillar to yank the weapon out. Taking another quick look around, he saw Janey eyeing the last two fearful caterpillars, even as the forklift roared over to back her up. Jessse had enough time to get her long handled axe as well. While he did this, he scanned the area and came to Dougie lying several meters away, unconscious or worse. Hoping the kid was still alive, and vowing to check on him as soon as he had he chance, Jesse hurried to Janey’s side.
It seemed to be a stalemate, with the two caterpillars trying to keep the rescuers away from the women, and Janey and Jesse directly across from them, while the forklift rumbled hungrily at their backs.
Betty, Jesse noted, had dragged Florie and Richelle closer together. His girlfriend seemed ready to defend her two friends with her life. Jesse had to admire Betty’s bravery, as she was unarmed and unskilled. Although she was clearly crying and mortified, Betty still wasn’t backing down from the menaces looming in front of her.
“Give me my weapon.” Janey ordered, securing her hatchets quickly and fluidly, and taking the long handled axe from his grip. She stared at the last two caterpillars with open contempt. Yellow blood was smeared all over her lithe form. “You move out of my way or you die!”
As if they understood, the caterpillars cringed back further. Or maybe it was the sight of the long handled axe now resting in her hands.
“I think their brain attacks are all drained out.” Janey took a defiant step forward, her best weapon clutched and ready. “Since they’re not using them on me anymore.”
There came a strong gust like a miniature hurricane, with dirt and dust being scattered about all over. As the dust slowly cleared, Jesse was astonished to see that two of the red-shouldered hawks had landed dangerously close to where Betty and the other women were situated.
As terrified as Jesse was of the giant hawks, it was clear that the caterpillars were even more frightened. The creatures quickly squirmed away to one side and abandoned their captures, while the hawks defiantly stood before the humans.

12

‘Enough! We will have no further violence here. You are desecrating our holy site.’
The voice seemed to emanate from inside of Jesse’s head. He turned to face Janey, wondering if he’d imagined it. From her gawk, it was clear she’d heard it as well.
‘By what right do you interrupt the Ceremony of Offering?’
“Hey!” Ellis’ approaching voice shouted back. “By what right are you taking our people away from us?”
Jesse glanced behind him; glad to relinquish control over to someone who was a much better leader than he was. He did notice that Ellis had some blood on his shoulder, from where Sanders had struck him down earlier.
‘It is our will that the Ceremony of Offering take place.’
Although which of the two hawks was communicating was still a mystery, it was clear that they didn’t expect to be questioned.
“What are you talking about?” Ellis asked. “What is this ceremony? We don’t know anything about it!”
‘It is part of the Accord of Peace.’
Ellis stepped forward and tried to exert some authority. To Janey and Jesse, he said, “You two, grab the women and move them back here.” Next, he turned to look at the hawks. “We don’t know of any such accord, and we shouldn’t be expected to abide to something we didn’t agree to in the first place.”
Janey and Jesse were both hesitant to come any closer to the giant beasts.
“Come on, y’all.” Brenda whispered as she trudged past the two, her head lowered submissively. “This is how Ellis dealt with upper management back at the store. Just pretend he’s like the king or something, and do exactly what he says.”
Jesse glanced at Janey, who simply shrugged her shoulders. They both followed the burly Brenda over to where Betty and the other women were.
“You all right, child?” Brenda asked Betty. “Are you good enough to walk?”
With tracks of dirty tears staining her normally pretty face, Betty nodded.
“You get up and you keep walking until you get over by the forklift.” Brenda motioned with her head. “I’ll go with you. Janey, Jesse, you wake these other ladies up or you carry them back, whatever you have to do. Just don’t make a scene or make Ellis look like he’s not in charge. I’ll come back and give you a hand in a minute.”
Brenda placed her meaty arm around Betty’s shoulders and led her away from the hawk’s great menacing shadow.
Janey dropped to one knee, taking Richelle’s hand in hers. She tried waking the younger woman up quietly. Intending to follow her lead, Jesse reached down for Florie’s hand, but he found it cold to the touch.
‘You will leave your dead.’ A hawk seemed to be speaking directly to him.
Ellis was ready with a reply. “We do not leave our dead. We bury them according to our custom.”
‘The Offering has been accepted. To forfeit it at this moment would require a substitute from among your number.’
“Well, take that one instead.” Ellis might have been pointing at Sanders’ bloody and fallen form, but Jesse dared not look in that direction.
‘That Offering has already been accepted as well. Will you offer yourself in the stead of any of your fallen?’
“I will not.” Ellis reacted quickly, and smartly. “My people will have no leader then. They will take to fighting among themselves without me as their king.”
‘As always is the case among your kind.’ The hawk seemed to agree.
“We were brought to this place against our will.” Ellis sounded testy. “And we wish to be returned to our homeland.”
‘You are here because of the Accord of Peace.’
“What is this accord? We don’t know anything about it!”
‘The Accord of Peace is an agreement between hawk and caterpillar. The caterpillar has been granted use of the Device, and has pledged to bring us Offerings in their stead. In return, the hawk will not devour the caterpillar, and we have kept its land free from their other predators.’
While the conversation continued, Janey and Jesse lifted the still unconscious, yet fortunately still alive, Richelle onto their shoulders and dragged her away.
“What is this device?” Ellis asked. “What does it do?”
‘The Device draws forth that which is sought, and from another world brings it into this one. The Device can also manipulate physical dimension. The caterpillar has chosen to draw forth the human, although at a much reduced size, to be Offered in their stead.’
From the look on Ellis’ face, the man was astonished. “Why did they choose the human?”
‘The human is a barbaric and selfish creature.’ The hawk replied. ‘Do you not know what your ancestor has done to us here?’
“There are many humans, in many different lands.” Ellis said. “We shouldn’t be judged by the actions of people that came before us, only by the actions we ourselves are doing in the present. Whatever happened in the past has nothing to do with us, but I would ask for more information about what happened so that we won’t repeat the same mistakes.”
‘You may be certain that the human will never again be allowed unhindered reign over our world.’ This seemed to be coming from a different hawk. ‘That is part of the Accord of Our World, an agreement that every sentient creature has consented to.’
“I don’t understand.” Ellis said.
‘It is so.’ The first hawk explained. ‘The human arrived here from another world, in ancient times, and from the beginning began to gouge huge holes in the earth, and in the mountain. The human built vast cities, and multiplied across our world, and upset the balance of what is natural. Then the human began to war with its own kind, and they used many Devices of Destruction. They altered the forms of many natural creatures to use in their armies.’
“How?”
‘That knowledge has been lost to time. There are legends of the human subduing the hawk, and of the human using its Devices to grow the hawk to an abominable size, and of the hawk being mounted by the human and taken into battle. There are legends of many such creatures being corrupted in this manner. In order to better control the hawk, the human gave the hawk a portion of its knowledge, and the human also gave its knowledge to many other creatures. We were used in the human’s war, and many of the hawk’s ancestors perished in this way.’
‘Until the time came,’ the second hawk continued. ‘When the hawk spoke with the other creatures and the Accord of Our World was reached. The creatures turned against the human, and united together. They warred against it, and they devoured it.’
“And all this happened a long time ago?” Ellis asked. “This has nothing to do with my people. We are a peaceful people.” He shot a quick glance to where Sanders’ body lay. “Well, except for that one.”
‘The hawk was wary, when the caterpillar and the human confided with one another. The human made many promises of luring its own kind here, if its life were spared. Against the wishes of the hawk, the caterpillar agreed.’
Brenda sidled up to Ellis’ side. “Oh, generous master, oh, beautiful master, please ask our new friends why, since all this happened so long ago, they decided to pick on us humans just recently.”
Ellis was momentarily taken aback by her obvious pretense, as well as her barely hidden smirk. He fumbled with his thoughts before he could organize a good sentence. “Well, yes, I wish to know why humans are suddenly being brought into this world, when it has been such a long time since all this warring took place?”
‘An unknown intelligence has recently been manipulating the opening between the dimensions.’ The hawk replied. ‘From the history left by its ancestors, the hawk recognizes these openings as the very same that announced the arrival of the human in the ancient past. The caterpillar too, with its limited knowledge, recognizes the possibility that the human may soon come to our world again. In its contempt, the caterpillar has chosen the human to be Offered in its stead. The caterpillar is one of the few species left that understands how the Device that opens dimensions works.’
“OK, let me get this straight.” Ellis tried to tie it all together. “The caterpillars were sacrificing other caterpillars here, to you guys, the hawks. Then something happened where some portal opened up. And no people came out of this portal, but it was thought that people would come through? People like us?”
‘The openings remained active for a short time, and vanished. They were appearing within the ancient cities of the human.’
“Did you just say ‘cities’ again?” Ellis looked shocked for a second, until he shook his head. “I’m getting off track here. Okay, so these portals popped up for a little while, and then disappeared completely. Since it seemed likely that people were making them, the caterpillars decided that they didn’t want to sacrifice other caterpillars any more, and they were the ones that started bringing humans to this world. Is that right?”
‘There was much time spent in trying to calibrate the Device, but you are essentially correct.’ The hawk acknowledged, after which it turned its huge head toward the few remaining caterpillars. ‘At this point, the hawk must view this substitution of the Accord of Peace as a failure…’
‘NO!’ Strangely enough, this mental voice seemed to be coming from one of the caterpillars. ‘Need more time! Need more time!’
“They can speak to us?” Ellis was confounded. “Why didn’t they speak to us before?”
‘It is the Device that enables speech between species. The caterpillar has not communicated with the human because it has not chosen to, with the exception of the human who sought to lure the rest here.’ The hawk divulged, before addressing the caterpillars. ‘Our Accord will be reverting to its original terms.’
‘NO!’
‘The hawk has spoken. There will be no debate.’
The two caterpillars seemed to be on the verge of complaining, but they eventually relented and started squirming away.
‘The hawk is in a quandary, over what to do with the human.’
“You could send us back to our world.” Ellis replied.
‘Since the hawk felt no compulsion nor necessity to study the Device, ever since ancient times, its workings have been forgotten.’ The hawk explained. ‘The hawk does not possess the knowledge to return the human to its dimension. The caterpillar cannot do this either. The caterpillar has only succeeded in gaining the understanding of the Device to seek out the human, and not to return it from whence it came.’
“Well, can you let us at least look at this device?” Ellis asked. “Maybe we can figure out how it operates.”
‘It is forbidden by our law.’ The hawk refused. ‘The Accord of Our World prohibits the human from manipulating its many Devices. Although many of them have fallen into disrepair, there may still be enough left operational to pose a threat to the creatures of this world. If the human persists in using this forbidden technology, it will be devoured.’
Clearly, Ellis was getting frustrated. “Can you at least return us to our actual size? We can’t do anything when we’re this big!”
‘The human will adapt, as it always has done in the past.’ The hawk answered. ‘It may be a punishment that is unearned by your specific tribe, but the crimes of the human’s ancestors will not be dismissed so easily. Go now, for we must consume our Offering. We will speak again at the time of the next Great Moon, at this very place. Perhaps a new Accord can be reached with the human, an agreement of peace that has not been witnessed in many, many centuries.’
Brenda wrapped her arm around Ellis. “Oh, good master, perhaps we’ve taken up too much time here. We should go back to our burrow and discuss these things.”
Ellis stood there, reluctant to leave.
‘The human will not be harmed by predators, and in turn, the human may not hunt its predators. This the hawk will assure. Our influence does not encompass the insect, or the fish, and from these you may gain sustenance, but at your own peril.’
“Thanks so much for that.” Ellis said glumly.
“Let’s go, master.” Brenda not so gently tugged at Ellis’ arm. “We have a long walk back, remember?”
This time, the big man allowed himself to be pulled away.
They’d only taken about a dozen strides before Brenda scolded Ellis with sharp whispers. “Is that how you want to act in front of something that can snatch you up off the ground and swallow your dumb ass in two gulps? No wonder you didn’t make it past supervisor, if you were talking to the higher-ups like that!”
“If they were going to eat us, they would have done it regardless of how I was speaking to them.” Ellis grumbled. “I was trying to talk to those things as their equal. I’m surprised it worked.”
Janey and Jesse followed at a much slower pace, as they were still carrying Richelle between them.
Janey eyed her forklift with envy. “You’re lucky you’re still limping around, Beetle. Otherwise I’d be kicking you out of my seat right now.”
“You’d be trying to.” Beetle snickered. “I still have one good leg, you know. I’d be kicking right back.”
“Beetle,” Jesse called out. “Any way you can grab our weapons? We’ve got our hands full with your girlfriend.”
“She’s not my girlfriend… yet.” Beetle set the lift in idle, and laboriously maneuvered his way to the ground. “Emphasis on the Yet.”
Brenda and Ellis were checking on Dougie.
“He’s breathing.” Ellis announced, pausing to watch as the handful of hawks started feasting on the many corpses, both human and otherwise. One was already picking Florie’s body apart. “Brenda, you don’t have to look. Help me carry Dougie out of here.”
Both Betty and Brenda were mortified at the way the hawk ripped away the arms of their former friend.
“Betty, Brenda, let’s go!” Ellis ordered, his voice loud enough to startle them into action. “I don’t like having to watch that any more than you do, but we need to get out of here. If my shoulder weren’t so busted up right now, I might have tried to get Florie back a little harder.”
“It ain’t right.” Brenda had tears in her eyes as she helped prop Dougie between the two of them. “It just ain’t right for her to end up that way.”
“I know, I know.” Ellis sighed. “Betty, you hanging in there?”
Betty nodded passively.
“Let’s get moving.” Ellis declared, only to halt after Brenda’s first step with their shared load. He motioned with his head. “Not that way. We’re going over to our left. We’re picking up some supplies before we head back. Beetle, how much gas is left in the forklift?”
“About a quarter tank.” Beetle checked the gas gauge. “But Janey stashed an extra propane tank in the bushes, right past the edge of that mud wall.”
“Good ‘ol Janey, always thinking ahead.” Ellis complimented the young lady. 
“What kind of supplies are you talking about?” Brenda asked.
“Food.” Janey answered her. “Boxed food, canned food, junk food, but still food. Maybe a few changes of clothing if we’re lucky and find something in our sizes. Some cooking utensils, some mattresses…”
“Did you say mattresses?” Brenda sniffled. “If I wasn’t feeling so bad, I’d say something about putting those mattresses to good use.”
Ellis couldn’t help himself and chuckled. “What was all that ‘good master, beautiful master’ crap you were saying earlier?”
“Oh, that was me playing the part, like you were really our king or something.” Brenda explained. “But trust me, after the sun goes down tonight, you’re going to be calling me ‘Master.’ Uh-huh!”
Maybe Brenda was finally starting to break the tough man down, Jesse thought, watching as Ellis smiled, really smiled, for the first time since their ordeal had begun.
He glanced over at Janey, intending to mention this, only to discover that the lean adventuress was staring at him. Quickly, Janey dropped her line of sight and turned away.
Jesse wondered what Betty would make of Janey’s actions, when he discovered that she was staring at him as well. Betty didn’t look at all pleased.
Women, Jesse shook his head, letting the matter drop before it got the better of him.
“We won.” He said aloud.
Ellis glanced back awkwardly. “What was that?”
“We won.” Jesse repeated. “We came out here, and we battled with those things, and we beat them. We won a war today.”
“It doesn’t feel like we won anything.”
Beetle rolled the forklift nearer to the stragglers. “He’s right. We should do what people do when they win a war. We should celebrate our victory, and we should honor those that didn’t make it. Heck, we should build a monument somewhere near the burrow, or near this place, so that anybody who comes after us will know who we were and what we did here.”
Ellis looked awed. “Listen to you, Beetle. First Dougie here impresses the hell out of me by wanting to start a new society from the ground up, and now you’re acting like a real patriot, like George Washington or something. If this is the way the next generation is shaping up, well, there might be hope for us yet.”
Beetle honked the horn wildly and lumbered away in the forklift.
“Did I just speak too soon?” Ellis asked the others.
As exhausted as they were, the group only did a superficial ransacking of the two residences and the gas station, stocking up on their more immediate needs of food and toilet paper. They also confiscated two sets of mattresses, strapped them onto the forklift forks, and strapped both Dougie and Richelle on top of them. This brought about the usual nagging from Beetle, who complained about Dougie getting Richelle in bed first.
Then, they all went home.
Russell had a good cry, once he was informed that both of his new wives hadn’t made it. The rest of the women tried their best to console him.
The next day was a day of mourning. A double funeral was held where some of Florie’s and Martha’s belongings were buried in their stead. The idea of a memorial was tossed about a bit, but the group of survivors was too upset over their losses to make any final decisions. That notion was put off until later.

A few days passed, when Cindy and Richelle added an amendment to the ‘Survival Rules.’ They surprised everyone by proposing marriage to both Beetle and Dougie at the same time. Of course, this resulted in Brenda hounding Ellis mercilessly, until Ellis finally relented and agreed to go out on an official date with her.
Betty and Jesse were involved in one nasty argument after another. Perhaps this was because Betty realized that Jesse was losing or had already lost interest in her, no matter how hard she tried to keep him by her side. Their love, at least from Jesse’s point of view, had died out before it could even begin to take flight.
Their break-up, which took place during a makeshift bonfire one night, and in the midst of the entire group, was nothing short of spectacular.

Epilogue

About a week later, Jesse was wandering about by himself. The hawks had kept their word regarding warning other predators away, so there was nothing to fear out there in the wild except the occasional giant spider or wasp.
Something sharp bounced across his path. He snatched his hatchet from his side, just in case there was a threat nearby. A second missile bounded by. Jesse traced its trajectory and discovered it to be nothing more than a small pebble. Fearlessly, he hurried towards where he thought the missiles had come from, while wondering what kind of creature might be capable of throwing them.
He found Janey, who was supposed to be out looking for edibles. She was wearing a light green blouse, tied around the waist by a length of vine, and khaki shorts that ended just above the knee. Her long hair was tied back in a ponytail. Jesse had to admit that her new look was a vast improvement over the baggy shirts and baseball cap she’d frequently worn at the Do It Yourself Warehouse.
“You trying to get my attention?” Jesse asked, as Janey had wisely kept her distance from both him and Betty during their previous public entanglements.
“I found some nuts, but I’ll need your help to get them.” Janey lowered her head and started walking away. “They’re over here.”
As much as he was losing interest in Betty, Jesse was gaining it with Janey. He’d never mustered up the courage to approach her directly. The right moment had never come by, but maybe the right moment was right now.
“Wait.” He said. Before he could second-guess himself, he reached out and clasped Janey’s arm.
Janey turned half-heartedly. “What?”
He looked into Janey’s eyes, hoping he was reading them correctly. Before he could utter anything that might ruin the special moment, he pulled her close and gently placed his lips on hers. Janey shuddered in his grip. For a stunned second, she didn’t react, until a soft moan escaped from her unsteady mouth and beautifully, wonderfully, she began to kiss back.
Amidst all the uncertainty and chaos, and all the horror and disaster they’d suffered through in the last couple of weeks, there was this single, brilliant moment that outshone it all.
Jesse had fallen in love.
Finally.

#####


Conroy’s Job Search

Having reached a point of dismal dissatisfaction at his place of work, Conroy decided to seek out other, hopefully more rewarding employment elsewhere. During his single day of rest, the young man set out for the city’s recently redesigned business district. As the public transport carried him towards his destination, he realized the vastness of the commercial sector, where hundreds of city blocks had been dedicated exclusively to commerce.
The transit vehicle had no roof or side windows on it today, as it was a very pleasant day. Resting an antsy elbow on the vehicle’s rounded, hard plastic edge, Conroy’s head darted back and forth as he categorized and organized the most appealing prospects in his mind.
When Conroy noticed that the slow transport was approaching a desirable area, he pressed the appropriate button on the center armrest, informing the vehicle that his stop was approaching. The fully automated transport gently pulled over and rolled to a halt. Again through the use of the armrest, the bus discreetly informed the young man the amount of his fare. Conroy agreed with the minimal charge and slid his debit card across the payment slot. Only then did the security belt release him from his seat.
Conroy stood up and strolled down the center aisle, heading for the nearest door panel. The proximity sensor on the panel informed passerby, through a distinct chirp, that a passenger was about to exit. A few seconds after this, the panel slid outward and transformed into three rigid steps.
As Conroy reached the street, he heard the low whine of the door panel reforming, soon followed by the loud hiss of the released air brakes, and the hum of the motor resuming operation. The young man crossed the empty street just as the transport pulled away, instead of hurrying to the nearest sidewalk as he was supposed to. He reached the opposite side of the street quickly, before any of those annoying Traffic Infraction drones happened by and ticketed him for the abominable offense of jaywalking.
Conroy glanced at the multitude of businesses around him, whistling aloud as he thought of the exhaustive search he was embarking on, and how much worse it would have been were it not for the city’s Common Industry Relocation Ordinances. To combat price gouging and monopolizing, all businesses of the same general type had been neatly grouped together. Despite various opposing lawsuits and numerous complaints, the law had effectively passed. With most cities now using the contemporary Erect-a-Block technology, entire city blocks could easily be moved around on a whim. As it now stood, the ‘Appliances’ sector was soon followed by the ‘Art’ sector, and then by Conroy’s target area, ‘Automotive.’
Conroy walked past a new car dealership, where several of the vehicles had been blemished by bright globs of dripping yellow and orange paint. ‘The car to drive on a cloudy day,’ an overhead banner declared. Directly underneath that was another sign stating the name of an electric car company. The same color paints also marred both signs.
Overwhelmed by curiosity, Conroy paused to view the freshly stained cars. He soon noticed several of the dealership salespeople cowering behind their vehicles; most of them also evidenced having been attacked by the globs of paint. The nervous men and one woman seemed to be wary of a common enemy that lay on the opposite side of the street.
Conroy turned in that direction, wondering what all the commotion was about. He was answered almost immediately as his eyes settled on a rival car dealership. That car lot was exclusively stocked with solar powered vehicles. Their banner read ‘Voltage Proof Transportation.’ Grinning to himself, Conroy began to quickly walk away, before he became a target himself.
“Were you interested in purchasing a new car?” A man’s voice called out, shadowing Conroy from behind the long row of vehicles.
Conroy paused to face the speaker, but was only able to see the man from the neck up. The bright red paint on the salesman’s head and neck revealed that he’d been struck by the globs as well. The young man chuckled, turning his attention back across the street to reassure himself that no new missiles were streaking towards him.
The salesman gauged his concern. “Oh, don’t worry about those guys. It’s all done in fun and games.” He stated, trying unsuccessfully to downplay the ugly paint stains. “They’re not dumb enough to go after potential customers.” Then, stretching his neck out briefly, he requested, “If you could just walk over to where I am, I would be more than happy to show you several of the latest model electric vehicles.”
After refusing politely, Conroy moved on.
“Shop over here!” A distant, yet equally hidden voice called out, emitted from the solar vehicle dealership. “Our cars are gratifying, not electrifying!”
The next establishment that Conroy came to was an alkaline battery store. From the few products on display, Conroy concluded that business wasn’t doing very well. The overall demand for such batteries had declined steeply for the last few years, ever since solar and electric autos had entered the new car market. Gasoline powered vehicles and alkaline batteries were rapidly becoming a thing of the past due to newer, greener and more rapidly developing technologies. That, thought Conroy, did not make for a good job opportunity.
When Conroy recognized the colorful sign on the next business’ display window, his eyes immediately lit up. ‘Rapid Transit,’ the sign proudly boasted, ‘Specializing in Performance Products for Your Modern Car.’ Conroy had always enjoyed tinkering with cars, and if he could gain employment in a place that sold state-of-the-art gadgets and technology, well, that would be a dream come true.
After briefly contemplating his composure in the window’s reflection, Conroy confidently strode inside. Almost immediately, the young man became overwhelmed by the immensity of the store. Thousands of automotive products beckoned him for a closer look, from the briefcase-sized electric engines, to the sleek, roof mounted panels of mini solar cells (available in a variety of styles and colors, of course), to the dizzying array of lightweight aluminum wheels. Seductive winks reached him from the large assortment of chrome and molded plastic goodies, as well as from the hundreds of brightly packaged additives and coolants. He felt like a kid in a candy store.
Conroy was surprised to see very few customers scattered throughout the many aisles. No business usually meant no hiring. Glumly, he stopped before one of the more interesting displays. Before him were several models of the latest gasohol engine coolers. The most expensive model was the PX-400, which consisted of a small but powerful fluid pump and a series of four transparent, rigid poly tubes that mounted around the engine case. Less effective models, the PX-300 and the PX-200, were stocked on lower shelves. Strangely, each of these products only had a hefty price tag next to them, and no helpful video description or performance specifications other than those displayed on the box itself.
A female clerk approached, holding a small yellow box in her hands. She was very attractive and somewhere in her early twenties. The young woman wore a form fitting red shirt, with a cheery ID tag pinned over the right side of her considerable bosom. The tag displayed the ‘Rapid Transit’ logo, and her name, Andrea Minsen-Beyers Furniture. The sexily cut pair of company shorts she had on revealed her long and slender legs.
“Hello, sir.” Andrea said, her pretty smile matching her pretty face. She lifted the small yellow box she’d been holding up to Conroy’s eye level. “This is one of our newest products, the Ever-Fresh air purifying system. It mounts quickly and easily onto the top edge of your vehicle’s window, and completely circulates the air in the passenger area every two minutes…”
“Excuse me…” Conroy tried to interrupt.
Unfazed, the clerk rambled on. “Or, you can press this button to shut off the external vacuum feature, and simply choose to purify the air already in your car. This way, you can have air purer than what you breathe outside...”
Conroy loudly, and not to mention rudely, cleared his throat. “Excuse me!” He almost shouted, causing the few customers nearby to glance quizzically in his direction.
Disturbed, Andrea lowered the purifier, showing resentment at not having been able to properly finish her presentation.
Conroy realized that he wasn’t making a very good impression on the young lady. For all he knew, she could well be in charge of hiring. He decided to be a little more tactful.
“This PX-400 here,” He started, quickly turning towards the display. “Do you know how much coolant it displaces per minute?”
“No, I’m not sure.” She replied, turning her head carelessly.
“All right.” Conroy continued, noting her change in behavior. “Well, do you know if these tubes on it can be modified and cross connected on the engine?”
The clerk leaned over to study the price tag, apparently hoping to deduce the answer from the five digits.
Conroy could plainly see that he was getting nowhere. “Actually, I was hoping to speak with your personnel manager.”
“Regarding?” She asked, suddenly wary.
“I just wanted to see if there were any job openings.” Conroy admitted.
“Oh.” Andrea replied condescendingly. “I don’t think we’re hiring right now.”
This time, it was Conroy’s turn to be upset. “Can I speak with your personnel manager anyway? Or did the manager leave for the day, just as I happened to walk in the front door?”
“Just a moment.” Andrea stated, rolling her eyes upward. “I’ll go and get the manager. She’s right over there.” 
Conroy watched the clerk walk away and approach another young woman, who was busy stacking boxes of engine lubricant in a pyramid shaped display. This second clerk was dressed exactly as Andrea was, which did not sit well with Conroy, not one bit. As he watched the young women converse, he noted their furtive glances and quiet whispers. From their actions, Conroy deduced that the second woman was merely another clerk, and that Andrea was trying to convince her accomplice to play the part of the manager, presumably in order to usher him quickly and quietly out of the establishment.
Resentfully, Conroy walked away from the two women and towards another section of the store. He spotted a parts counter to the rear and proceeded towards it, all the while feeling the victim of some strange chauvinistic conspiracy. Even more disappointing was when he found yet another pretty female clerk manning the back counter.
This woman was a perky blonde, just a few years older than the other clerks. Presently, she was jotting down notes from her Tele-Vid conversation, but this did not keep her from displaying a beautiful smile in Conroy’s direction. Her name tag read Elsa Turbo-Bounce Trampolines. Within a few seconds, Elsa concluded her call and turned her attention to Conroy.
“Good afternoon, sir.” She said, smiling once again. “How can I help you?”
“Hi.” Conroy replied, hoping to fare better than in his previous attempt. “I would like to speak to your personnel manager. I’d like to apply for a job here.”
Fortunately, this clerk’s smile did not fade upon hearing the request. “If you could wait here just a second,” She told him. “I’ll just run back and see if he’s not too busy.”
Conroy nodded and the pleasant woman disappeared through a back door. He imagined that the two other clerks were scouring the aisles for him, intent on carrying through their devious plan of subterfuge. Just then, he saw Andrea round a corner and instantly eye him suspiciously. A split second after this, Elsa returned to the counter.
“Mr. Tel-Speak would be glad to see you.” Elsa announced, within earshot of the other clerk. “Please come this way.”
The woman motioned Conroy around the counter and towards an open doorway that led into the rear of the store. Before going through this door, however, Conroy could not resist glancing back and grinning at Andrea, who was now standing next to the counter. Needless to say, the clerk was not too happy with his gesture.
Past the doorway lay a short corridor, lined on one side by three more apertures. The first of these was a double doorway, where the large swinging doors had long since been removed. Inside, Conroy could see many thick, metal shelves stocked to the rafters with various products, all covered with a fine layer of dust. It was obvious that the company wasn’t doing much rotating of stock. The second door was propped open, leading to a tiny employee lounge. A small table, surrounded by several colorful plastic chairs, an Icer-Magic water cooler and a Nukem food heater were all plainly visible.
The third room was only slightly larger than the employee lounge, with most of its space taken up by a huge wooden desk. The immensity of the desk made it impossible to fit in the narrow doorway, which led Conroy to believe that it had been assembled inside the room. The top of this desk was covered with scattered paperwork, pens, an older model data terminal and a newer model Tele-Vid, both of which were presently being used.
Behind the desk, sitting on a comfortable, black leather executive chair, was an older gentleman, his head patchy and thinly covered with gray hair. The man’s countenance was deeply furrowed by years of worries, yet to Conroy’s discerning eye, he appeared to have long ago become accustomed his work. Adding to this impression of competence and business savvy was the man’s attire, a smart, blue pinstriped dress shirt, with a sharply contrasting red tie. Currently, this Mr. Tel-Speak Communications, if the nameplate on the desk plaque were to be trusted, was busy conversing with an unseen party on the darkened Tele-Vid screen.
Elsa motioned Conroy to one of the two padded chairs before the desk. Then, once the young man had taken a seat, she retreated to the area just inside the doorway.
“No, no, no!” Mr. Tel-Speak was saying, busily searching through his disorganized paperwork for some elusive sheet. “I distinctively remember forwarding a cancellation order on these ridiculous air cleaners.” He paused for a moment, as the voice on the other end denied having received any documentation. (Conroy politely did his best to ignore the conversation, which was almost impossible due to the speaker feature of the Tele-Vid.) “Now, regardless of whether or not your company received any notice from us... well, this doesn’t matter. I am telling you now that I do not want any more purifiers!”
“Are you dissatisfied with the quality of your Ever-Fresh products?” The voice on the other end asked.
“Listen to me carefully; I no longer want Ever-Fresh products!” Mr. Tel-Speak replied, becoming slightly upset. “I don’t want a price reduction on future shipments, I want to stop the shipments altogether, until I personally decide that I need more. Under our current agreement, I am legally exercising my rights. If my request is not honored, I will be forced to terminate our contract!”
“There is no need to be hasty, sir.” The other party stated, the tone of the man’s voice quickly softening. “Our company will go ahead and suspend the shipments for now. When can we contact you to resume shipments?”
“That is something I, and only I, will decide.” Mr. Tel-Speak stated, visibly irked by the question. “I have other matters to attend to now. Thank you and good day.”
With a loud and final click, Mr. Tel-Speak shut the Tele-Vid off. For a long moment, he simply glared at the device, as if the instrument itself had somehow offended him. “These service reps can be pushy little bastards.” He muttered, more to himself than to the others present. He glanced in Conroy’s direction briefly, before turning inquisitively towards Elsa.
“This is the gentleman I mentioned.” She courteously stated.
“Thank you, Miss Turbo-Bounce. That will be all for now.”
Conroy noticed the man’s lingering gaze on the departing clerk.
Mr. Tel-Speak too noticed that he’d been observed. “That Miss Turbo-Bounce,” He explained admiringly. “I must admit; it is a pleasure working with her. Were I only twenty years younger…”
Conroy smiled, since he found the young woman to be quite attractive himself. He noticed that Mr. Tel-Speak started to rise, and he himself stood up in the same fashion.
“I am Henry Tel-Speak Communications, owner of this franchise.” The older man introduced himself proudly, reaching out to shake Conroy’s hand. “But you may simply call me Henry.”
“Good to meet you, Henry.” Conroy replied. “My name is James Conroy.”
“Your last name, please?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked.
“Conroy, sir.” The young man repeated. From past experience, Conroy knew that he was about to be thoroughly interrogated.
“May I see your data card?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
“Of course.” Conroy said, reaching into his pocket. He pulled out his wallet, opened it and fished out the small blue card, which he proceeded to hand over.
Tel-Speak studied the card before sliding it into an entry slot on his computer terminal. “This older machine takes a few seconds to locate data, unlike some of the newer ones that do so instantly.”
“I understand.”
“What brings you to Rapid Transit, Mr. Conroy?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked, taking his own seat.
“I am looking for an employment opportunity.”
“Are you?”  Tel-Speak replied, still looking at the young man warily. At that moment the computer beeped. “I believe the computer has located your personal file.” He said, sliding his chair over a few inches. The man gazed over the contents of the file, then peered closer to the top portion, as Conroy expected him to. A few seconds later, he turned his attention back towards the young man. Visibly perplexed, the man said, “The city’s data banks list your last name as being Conroy.”
“That is correct, sir."
“Conroy.” Mr. Tel-Speak slowly repeated, as if the word had some exotic flavor to it. “It has been quite some time since I have heard a proper last name. To tell you the truth, I didn’t think they even existed anymore, at least not among the general population.”
No longer needing Conroy’s data card, the older man removed it from the terminal. Before returning it to its owner, however, he scrutinized it more thoroughly, handling it as if it might crumble under his closer observation. After turning it over a few times, Mr. Tel-Speak finally seemed satisfied with its authenticity and gave it back. He focused his attention on the computer.
“Your father’s name was Renfield Conroy?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked. Once Conroy had verbally confirmed this, the older man continued. “In recent years, I have noticed that the only persons still carrying about a proper last name are the elite wealthy.” He paused here, carefully choosing his words. “Tell me, Mr. Conroy. I know that your personal file lists your current occupation and employment history as being modest, but I also know that these files are on occasion modified. Are you in reality a nobleman? Perhaps out to mingle among the peasants? Gaining firsthand knowledge of our times and troubles?”
“Mr. Tel-Speak, I assure you,” Conroy grinned. “As much as I would want to be, I am not a nobleman.”
“Then how is it that your family has been able to retain a proper last name?” The owner asked. “Especially in these last few years, when global marketing is at an all time high?”
“It hasn’t been easy.” Conroy explained. “My father, and his grandfather before him, staunchly believed that a last name reflected certain qualities, such as dignity, history, and honor. They also believed that the use of a last name should not be bought and sold like a pair of shoes. I happen to agree with that philosophy.”
“Those are romantic ideals, indeed.” Tel-Speak mused.
“True, and none of my siblings shared this view.” Conroy continued. “We were all born Conroys, but as soon as my brothers and sisters reached legal age, they held out for the highest bidder. I was the only one that didn’t sell off my naming rights.”
“Charges of collusion were not brought against you, or your father?”
“Not formally.” Conroy answered. “The community where I grew up was situated near the Packerd Meat Company. That plant, as many others do nowadays, was adamant about naming the entire neighborhood after itself. I’ll admit, my brothers did use my family’s firm beliefs selfishly and considerably drove up their own offers. As for myself, I never intended to sell my name to any corporation, at any price.”
“So, all of the younger Conroys became the Packerd Meats?” 
“Yes, except for one sister who took a liking to Cherry Fizz-Pop Soda.” Conroy said. “She even had her first name changed to Cherry.”
Mr. Tel-Speak leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms in the process. “I imagine that these companies offered quite a handsome sum, before they gave up trying to rename you.”
“Actually, they haven’t stopped trying.” Conroy said, shaking his head. “Signing me has become something of a personal mission to these companies, since I’ve remained without an official sponsor for so long. You know how they’ll spin it: After all these years, this man chose so and so brand over all the others!”
“And the offers?”
“I’ve had hundreds of them.” Conroy estimated. “The highest I’ve had came from Packerd Meats. This company wanted to advertise a slogan like ‘A quality product endorsed by an entire region, down to the last man, woman and child.’ They really wanted every single person in the area to have their company name. One of their competitors, Swurler’s Deli Cuts, noticed the stir that Packerd was causing. They started a bidding war for my name. The highest offer I received from Packerd was for five million credits, for my name plus a requisite of exclusively buying that company’s brand of meats.”
“Five million credits?” Mr. Tel-Speak repeated, his face aghast. “I only received thirty-seven thousand from Tel-Speak Communications Systems, and that was when the company was in its prime. How could you pass up such an enormous amount of credits? I know people who would sell their own mother for ten thousand!”
“I am not one of those people.” Conroy stated softly. “I stand by what I was taught by my father.”
“Well, yes, but FIVE MILLION CREDITS?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked, still not believing the huge amount. “For even one million, I would probably give up my right arm!”
An uneasy silence settled in between the two men. Conroy could see his chances for securing employment start to wither. He decided to change the subject. “I noticed some tension between the two dealers up the block. What’s the story there?”
“Two dealers?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked, interrupted from his inner thoughts. “Oh, you mean the car dealerships! There have been quite a number of problems between those two places. It seems some of the solar people paid a visit to their competitors across the street just a couple of days ago. The electric people have a nasty habit of leaving some of their cars unlocked overnight. It was easy for the solar people to get in there and play with the vehicle wiring. I believe that the electric people burned out three or four cars before they realized that their vehicles had been tampered with.”
“That is truly horrible.” Conroy chuckled.
“I hear that the salespeople had quite a jolting experience!” Mr. Tel-Speak joked. “Why do you ask? Are they up to something now?”
“Well, they were shooting paint globs at each other as I was coming in.” Conroy told him. “It looked like the electric side was getting the worst of it.”
“Is that right?” The older man snickered. “I’m not sure all of this city relocating is doing any good, since all of our businesses seem to be suffering so much from it.”
“You know, I didn’t see too many customers in the store.” Conroy admitted. “This place should be packed full of shoppers. You’ve got a ton of quality merchandise on the floor.”
“Well, we’ve only been here about three months.” Tel-Speak informed him. “We were brought in from one of the outlying districts, and were in the process of building up our client base, when…” He stopped, frowning.
“What happened?”
“Mr. Conroy, did you notice anything unusual about the clerks?”
“I noticed that they were all female.” Conroy said frankly. “The first one I spoke to didn’t seem to know much about the merchandise.”
“You are right on both counts.” Mr. Tel-Speak glumly stated. “When the store was first relocated, very few of my employees were willing or able to make the long journey into this section of town. At about the same time, I was attending several seminars on personnel management, high-visibility marketing and increasing profits. One lecturer in particular caught my attention. His slogan was ‘Sex Sells.’ His message basically was that by putting a pretty face next to the slowest moving products we carried, those products would sell like hotcakes. I was bombarded by page after page of studies where profits doubled and tripled after companies had followed his supposedly ‘expert’ advice. I proceeded to staff the store with the five prettiest faces I could find, expecting the move to attract a ton of new business. 
“There was plenty of interest at first, especially from the boys at the local high school, but that quickly began to dwindle. Later, I began having problems with the girls themselves. The hard-core enthusiasts had plenty of questions, but there was no one around to answer them. Then, most of the girls would flock around the more handsome shoppers, more concerned with giving out their phone numbers than in doing their jobs.”
“Have you considered re-staffing?” Conroy asked, his expectations rising.
“I have.” The owner nodded. “For some reason, qualified applicants never seem to come in. Perhaps there is no interest in our products in this area.”
Conroy recalled his own negative experience with the clerks. “I don’t think that’s it at all. Not too long ago, I remember seeing advertising on this store’s reopening, but at the time I couldn’t make it out to find the place. When I did have the opportunity and the finances, I no longer saw your specials on the daily paper. I thought the store had gone out of business.”
“My outlying area ads didn’t seem to be working in this new locale.” Mr. Tel-Speak replied, slightly defensive. “I simply stopped using them and concentrated more on local marketing.”
“I remember the specials that Rapid Transit advertised. They were a major reason why I wasn’t too excited about the store.” Conroy explained. “Many of your competitors use the same type of specials. This is why they don’t work…”
Upon hearing this, Mr. Tel-Speak leaned forward and listened attentively.
“Hot-rodding enthusiasts don’t want the ‘Great Buy of the Week’.”
“But that was the highest rated marketing tactic!” Mr. Tel-Speak balked. “Many of the lecturers I heard swore by it as a guaranteed walk-in draw!”
“Let me try and explain myself a little better.” Conroy said. “I’m not objecting to the use of the tactic, but rather at the product being advertised. This store can advertise price reductions on Scrap Heap roll bars or Super Drag floor shifters, but they won’t attract the entire market. Those pieces are pretty expensive even after the discounts. They are items manufactured for high-end consumers, and they only fit in a small percentage of vehicles. This is fine if you only want to cater to the high end market.”
“I’m trying to attract all segments of the market.” Tel-Speak denied. “Just look at our current special, the Direct Line power converters. They are almost universal and we carry them at a lower price than any of our competitors.”
“This is true.” Conroy agreed. “And that would be fine if someone could just unbolt the old converter and simply drop in the new one. Low-end customers can’t do that. The engines in their cars are much older. Putting in a new converter may not make a difference in performance if the connectors are worn out or the power cables are fouled. Those parts aren’t so bad, but what if the power regulator or the solar cell strips need to be replaced too? Then you’re talking major credits. The consumer passes up the power converter for some cheaper high-surge line cleaners, cleans up the entire system from input to output, and has no problems for the next couple of months. That’s almost the same situation as the gasohol engine PX cooling systems.”
“How so?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked. “Those systems are totally self contained.”
“The system is, but again, consider the vehicle’s engine.” Conroy explained. “The PX system is designed to pump chemical coolant through one tube, around one section of the engine and back again. This same fluid is circulated through the same tube repeatedly. If your engine is fairly new and everything is working properly, then the system works great. Now, lets say that you have an older engine, where engine wear has been uneven. You can’t afford to replace the entire engine, so you have to find a cheaper alternative. Installing the PX system won’t help much, at least not as is. The tube around the weak section is working much harder to keep up with the others. This heats up the coolant in that one section and puts uneven pressure on the pump. Over a short period of time, this could damage the temperature sensors, the pump, and ultimately, kill that portion of the engine. This is especially true if the car is used in street racing and high performance driving. That’s the sort of customer that should be making up a considerable portion of your business.”
“I see.” Tel-Speak nodded.
“The older PX systems can be modified.” Conroy continued. “Instead of hooking each tube to one section of engine, the tubes can be cross connected, making four short circular paths into two long ones. No strain is put on any single part of the pump, because everything is more balanced now. The temperature of the coolant entering the engine is constant, taking the strain away from the weak section, and the engine will last that much longer.”
Mr. Tel-Speak scratched his head, by now becoming very interested in what the young man was saying. “Say I were to hire you in a managerial post. How would you improve the store?”
“For starters, I would modify the ‘Great Buy of the Week’.” Conroy stated. “Instead of trying to sell one big product at a time, I would gather up the components for a simple tune up. By offering the entire bundle at a price much lower than buying the items separately, at maybe forty or fifty credits less, the customer walks away happy.”
“And what would you do about staffing?”
“Well, having attractive women around is nice,” Conroy admitted. “That may help in selling lingerie or anniversary gifts. However, in an automotive store the staff has to know their products. Hot-rodders like to know the specs on high performance parts. They like learning how to modify equipment from someone who has already done it. And I’m sorry to say, but these girls haven’t done it.”
“Business will increase significantly?”
“Sure.” Conroy said, recalling how empty the store had been. “Hardcore enthusiasts are die-hard loyalists, especially if they find the right store to shop in. It’s just a matter of advertising the right item, making sure it’ll fit their car and taking care of any questions or problems that might arise later.”
“Mr. Conroy, you have convinced me.” Mr. Tel-Speak said, smiling. He glanced briefly at the computer terminal before continuing. “You have a steady employment history and a low risk hire factor. You’ve already shown me that you know our products, and you seem to be a likable fellow. I would like to go ahead and offer you a starting position here as a floor associate, with an excellent opportunity for future advancement.”
“That’s great!” Conroy exclaimed, almost falling out of his chair.
Mr. Tel-Speak took a business card from the small pile on his desk. The older man stood up and offered it to Conroy. “Here is my card. On the way out ask Miss Turbo-Bounce for an employment application, which contains a detailed job description and salary range. If these conditions meet to your satisfaction, give me a call back as soon as is convenient.”
“I can tell you right now, I’ll take the job.” Conroy said, excitedly. “All I have to do is give notice to my current employer! When would you like me to start?”
“How about next Monday morning?” Mr. Tel-Speak asked. “The store opens at eight. Punctuality is very important to us.”
“I’ll be here!” Conroy declared, standing up to offer his hand. “What should I wear?”
“We’ve got men’s uniforms in several sizes in storage.” Mr. Tel-Speak informed him, shaking Conroy’s hand. “I’m sure we can find something to fit you. Just bring a good attitude and a willingness to work.”
“Then I will see you on Monday morning!” Conroy smiled, before turning to leave. “Have a great day, sir!”

Mr. Tel-Speak observed as his future employee left his small office. For the next few minutes he contemplated their conversation. The owner had a good feeling about hiring Conroy, unlike many of the other unsatisfactory business decisions he’d recently made. Maybe things were finally about to change for the better. It was time to rock the boat and shake things up a bit, he decided, reaching for the intercom switch that connected him with the parts counter.
“Yes, Mr. Tel-Speak.” The cheery voice of Miss Turbo-Bounce soon reached him.
“Miss Turbo-Bounce,” The older man asked. “Did Mr. Conroy ask for an employment application?”
“Yes, he did.” The clerk answered. “He seemed very excited.”
“Very good.” He replied. “Do me a favor, Miss Turbo-Bounce, and ask Miss Minsen-Beyers and Miss Coronex to come into my office, right away.” He paused, adding seriously, “I’m afraid I have some bad news for them.”
“Yes, Mr. Tel-Speak.” The clerk said.
Mr. Tel-Speak clicked off the intercom, leaning back in his comfortable leather chair and waiting patiently for the two pretty employees to enter his office.

#####

The Alien

Professor Platt was really excited to search the sky for UFO’s with her new infrared binoculars, until she put them on. That was when she turned to her side and saw the previously invisible alien sitting right next to her.

#####


Junior Hypnotherapy Gone Wrong

As the white security door swung open, John and Jenny stepped into the apartment. To the delight of the other two couples waiting inside, they carried in their arms paper sacks bulging with goodies: chips, dips, soda and beer.
“We’ve got a party going on in here!” Tammy announced, from her seat on the couch next to her boyfriend Tom.
“Got some bad news about that,” John grumbled. “Honey, you wanna tell them?”
“Why do I have to tell them?” Jenny walked straight through to the open kitchen, where she dropped off her set of groceries and started sorting through it.
“Tell us what?” Sally, sitting on Steve’s lap on the love seat, glanced back and forth between the two of them.
“All the new releases at the video place were rented out.” John revealed. “At least all the ones worth watching. And I was not about to rent a romantic comedy.”
“Aww!” Tammy groaned, a sound soon mimicked by a few others.
“There’s not even a ball game on tonight!” Steve complained.
“Well, I do have some good news.” John tried to get the mood back on a positive note.
“What’s that?” Someone asked.
John pulled a six-pack out of his bag. “We’ve got beer!”
“Hand one over.” Steve repeatedly curled his impatient fingers. “I’m in dire need here.” A second later, Steve was popping the can open and taking a long gulp.
“Well, what are we gonna do?” Tammy asked. “We don’t have any rentals, there’s nothing on TV except crummy reruns, and we don’t have enough money to go to the movies!”
“We could play naked Twister.” Tom suggested hopefully.
Tammy socked him on the shoulder.
Sally abandoned the warmth of Steve’s lap. “Well, I know what I’m going to do. I’m going to help Jenny with the snacks.”
John passed out beer to anyone that wanted one.
“We could play Charades.” Tom said.
Everyone else groaned.
“Let’s talk.” Tammy perked up. “We never have time to talk.”
Steve shook his head. “It is a scientific fact that men don’t talk. The duty of talking is reserved exclusively for females.”
“Besides that,” John asked. “What would we talk about?”
“Oh, I don’t know.” Tammy shrugged her shoulders. “We could talk about our jobs, or we could talk about our classes…”
“Do you really want us to sit here and talk about work?” Steve complained.
Jenny and Sally returned with two bowls overfilled with chips, and a smaller, two-sided bowl containing bean and cheese dips.
“Oh, I know!” Tammy said excitedly. “Tom could tell us about how he’s making people go to sleep in class!”
“He didn’t have to give an oral report, did he?” John kidded.
“Tom?” Tammy nudged her man. “Will you tell them?’
“Okay, okay.” Tom straightened up in his seat. “We’re studying hypnotherapy in psych class.”
“That sounds interesting.” Jenny set the bowls on the centered coffee table. Both John and she took spots on the floor, since all of the good seats were already taken.
“He’s putting me to sleep already.” Steve yawned, as Sally resumed her spot on his lap.
“I saw a hypnotist once, at the comedy club downtown.” Sally spoke up. “He had everybody up on stage quacking and flapping their arms as if they were ducks. It was really creepy stuff.”
“This is not that hocus pocus stuff you see on TV.” Tom corrected. “This is hypnotism for therapy, for people that need a little nudge in the right direction, like smokers or heavy drinkers that are trying to quit.”
“Really? And how do you get a smoker to quit?” Jenny asked, looking at her beau. “Do you know how hard it is to get the smell of cigarettes off John’s shirts?”
“I think I feel like lighting one up right now.” John kidded.
“It’s not that hard really.” Tom answered. “We just tell our subjects to imagine that they’re about to smoke a cigarette. Just before they light it, we tell them to associate lighting up with something they don’t like. Something they find distasteful, like dirty diapers or rotten cheese. You’d be surprised how often it works.”
“You hear that, John?” It was Jenny’s turn to do the teasing. “Next time you’re about to light up, I want you to imagine fresh puke. That’s what I imagine when I’m putting your clothes in the washer.”
“Of course, a lot of it depends on the individual.” Tom continued. “What works for one person may not work for somebody else. I just have to keep looking for the right words or ideas that will trigger the reaction I want.”
“Why don’t you try it on us?” Tammy asked.
“Are you serious?” Tom replied. “I mean, this isn’t anything sensational, it’s just a simple way to get people who are stressed out to loosen up a little bit.”
“I second the motion.” Jenny agreed. “We’re not doing anything, anyway. And I’m volunteering John, too.”
“Hey, wait a minute!”
“Well, I’m not doing it.” Sally refused. “The last thing I want is to have you guys videotaping me while I’m snorting like a pig or barking like a dog or something.”
“You mean like that time when you climbed on top of the bar and started taking your shirt off?” Steve reminded her, pausing to take a long yawn. “After you’d drunk only two beers?”
Sally’s face reddened, before she popped her man on the shoulder. “Why are you bringing that up? I didn’t have anything to eat that night! Of course the alcohol went straight to my head!”
Steve chuckled out loud.
Not to be shown up, Sally added, “Well, I’m volunteering Steve to be hypnotized.”
“Oh, no you don’t.”
“Oh, yes I am!”
“You can do whatever you want,” Steve’s voice raised a couple of notches. “But I am not getting fucking hypnotized and that’s the end of that!”
Steve’s outburst quieted the entire room.
Hoping to diffuse the tense mood, Tom stood up. “It’s okay, you don’t have to. Whoever wants to participate, step right over here.” He pointed at the couch he’d just vacated.
Sally abandoned Steve’s lap. In order to make Steve look bad, she joined the budding line-up. “Party pooper!”
John, Jenny, Tammy and Sally soon had their backs to the couch and faced Tom.
“Give me a minute.” Tom took a deep breath. “We were only doing this one on one in class at this point. Let me get my head organized a little.”
“I’m taking a nap.” Steve announced to the entire room, laying back on the love seat. “Wake me when you guys are finished, or if you find a ball game on TV.”
“First of all, no chewing.” Tom directed his willing guinea pigs. “So finish up whatever you have in your mouths. Secondly, this won’t work if you guys are fighting it. If you’re trying to prove something by being stubborn, you might as well sit down somewhere else, because we’re not going to get anywhere.”
“Oh, all right.” Sally released some of her animosity.
“For this first exercise, I’m going to pick on the ladies.” Tom declared. “John, take a step to the side, if you will. Okay, ladies, this is just a test to see which of you are more apt to be hypnotized. Now, each of you take a deep breath and close your eyes. Good. Now, keep taking deep breaths and bring your arms up. Stretch your hands out in front of you.”
Jenny giggled. Tammy tried to hold it in, but she giggled, too.
“You’d better not be doing anything while we have our eyes closed!” Jenny warned.
“This is a routine exercise.” Tom said. “Besides, John is right here next to me. I wouldn’t dare try to do anything dumb with him standing here, would I?”
“You don’t know me very well, do you?” John replied in a naughty voice.
The girls giggled again, all three of them this time.
“This is not going to work if you’re not clearing your head.”
“Okay.” Jenny took a deep breath and concentrated on not laughing.
The other women followed suit.
“Now, just blank out your mind and keep your arms out in front of you.” Tom instructed. “I’m going to have John stretch out his arms, too. He’s going to touch his hands together, and spread them apart, and touch hands again. He’s going to keep repeating this until I tell him to stop. You, ladies, are going to imagine him doing this, but you will not touch your own hands together. John?”
“Gotcha.” John made a goofy face and began doing his part.
“We’re going to do this for two minutes.” Tom said, watching the women closely.
For the designated time span, the only sound in the room was Steve’s light snoring.
“John, go ahead and stop.” Tom directed. “Ladies, keep your arms stretched out and open your eyes.”
Sally’s hands were only an inch or two apart, while Tammy’s were separated by about six inches. Jenny’s hands were still at shoulder width, just as when she’d first raised her arms.
“You can lower your arms.” Tom said, after analyzing the outstretched limbs. “This tells me that through the power of suggestion, plus the power of your own minds, Sally is the person most susceptible to hypnotism. Tammy is in the middle, and Jenny will be the hardest person to hypnotize from the three of you.”
Jenny whooped and clapped her hands.
“I was sending psychic thoughts to Jenny.” John kidded. “So she wouldn’t be the most gullible person in here like she usually is.”
Sally frowned at the implication. “Screw you! I’m not gullible!”
“This doesn’t mean that Sally is the most gullible.” Tom tried to console her. “It just means that Sally is the most open to hypnotism. Some people try to fight the idea of relaxing. Some people’s minds are too clouded by stress or distractions…”
“Like Steve’s snoring.” Tammy mentioned.
“Everybody is different.” Tom concluded. “But if I were onstage looking for a volunteer, I would definitely pick Sally.”
“You mean that was it?” Jenny asked in disbelief.
“I told you not to expect anything spectacular.” Tom reminded her. “We’re just beginning to learn this stuff in class, anyhow.”
“You got anything else?” Jenny was growing impatient. “I mean, come on!”
Tom thought for a moment. “Sure. John, you can come in on this one if you want.” He waited until John shuffled over beside Jenny. “Okay, so what we learned in this last exercise is that my words can cause a reaction in somebody else, right? Now, I’m going to show you how saying a color out loud can produce an image in your mind…”
“Oh, come on!” Jenny complained.
“This isn’t quite what I expected either, hon.” Tammy raised an eyebrow.
Tom sighed. “Okay, fine. You wanted fireworks; you got ‘em. All of you take a seat on the couch.”
Sally shook her head. “Nuh-uh. I’ll be on the sidelines for this one. Now way I’m imitating any farm animal!”
“You wouldn’t have fit on the couch, anyway.” Tammy said icily, squeezing in next to Jenny. John was sitting on the far edge.
“Sally, do me a favor and turn on the kitchen light.” Tom motioned. “That way we can turn off the lights in this room.”
Once the living room was considerably darker, Tom proceeded. “Okay. Everyone, close your eyes. Imagine you’re sitting in a lounge chair, on the beach. You’re sipping on a cold drink. The temperature is perfect, not too hot and not too cold. Imagine that you’ve taken off your sandals and you’ve stretched out one of your legs beside your chair. You’re feeling the soft grains of sand with your toes, and…”
“Did you say thong sandals?” John joked. “My imagination works a lot better if the word ‘thong’ is in your sentences.”
Both Jenny and Tammy giggled.
Tom was half expecting some sort of wisecrack from one of his subjects. “Yes, if it’ll help you relax, you can imagine you’re wearing a thong.”
The girls giggled again.
Not one to be easily embarrassed, John asked, “Is it a blue thong or a red one?”
“Blue, to match your eyes.” Tom went along. “Now, imagine you’re all very quiet while you’re sitting on this beach. You watch as the gentle waves roll up to the shore, and you see some kids playing in the distance. They’re having a great time and so are you. Now, you’re going to stay on this nice lounge chair, and you’re going to imagine how happy you are for the next couple of minutes.”
As the time passed, all three of the subjects’ faces visible relaxed. Both John and Tammy were even expressing soft smiles.
“You don’t have a care in the world.” Tom added. “You’ve left all your worries far behind.” He motioned for Sally to bring him a pen and pad. “You feel so good, and the air is so warm, that you’ve decided to take a nap sitting right there on your lounge chair. Nobody is going to bother you. In fact, people are going to smile when they see you and pass you by. They’re going to let you keep enjoying your wonderful day.”
He paused to take the items from Sally.
“Your eyelids are starting to get heavy. You shift around a bit to find the most comfortable position, and you settle in. Your breathing is calm and even, and you start to doze off. You might have been sleepier than you first thought, because you’re sinking in deeper and deeper, and you’re more relaxed than you’ve felt in a very long time.” Tom scrutinized the three. Judging from their posture and breathing, he deduced that they were all in a light trance. He motioned for Sally to come closer and whispered. “They’re in a dream state now, where they’ll honestly answer my questions. What do you think I should I ask them?”
“I don’t know.” Sally shrugged her shoulders, when a mischievous thought spiked her brain. “Ask them if they’ve ever cheated on their significant other.”
“Let’s not ask for things that may cause problems later.” Tom shook his head.
“What if we tell John that he’s in love with Tammy, and tell Jenny that she’s in love with you.”
“Sally.” Tom reprimanded.
“Oh, all right.” Sally acquiesced. “When you were doing this in class, what kinds of questions did you ask then?”
“Well,” Tom thought back. “We asked stuff like did they ever pilfer something from a store when they were little, or what kind of food did they know they shouldn’t be eating, but were eating anyway when they thought nobody was looking.”
The questions were so mundane, Sally thought, and totally the opposite of the juicy tidbits she’d been hoping to hear. Maybe, if she went along with Tom, she might be able to sneak a thorny question in later. “I guess you can ask that, about the food.”
“Okay.” Tom nodded, turning back toward the trio on the couch. “I’m going to ask you a question, John. There is something that you like to eat when you think nobody’s looking. What is it and why can’t you eat it out in the open?”
John’s mouth seemed to salivate as he considered this. “Jenny’s always giving me salads; too many salads. Rabbit food. So, when I’m taking a break at work, I sneak in a Twinkie or two. I’ve always got a box of them stashed in my desk drawer.”
Tom scribbled this down. “Jenny, when John’s not at home, what is it that you like to eat or drink. Something that you wouldn’t want him to know.”
“Vodka.” She unknowingly admitted. “I’ve got a bottle hidden behind all the linen. I take a cup now and then when I’m watching the soaps.”
Tom arched his eyebrows at Sally, who was relishing the admission. He wrote this down. “I hope we don’t get in trouble for doing this.”
Sally urged him to continue.
Tom sidestepped to a spot directly before his girlfriend. “I’m not sure I want to ask Tammy, after all. What if I don’t like the answer? What if she gets mad because she told me in the first place?”
“What if I ask for you?” Sally stepped in front of him, eager to obtain some forbidden information. “I’m sure she won’t mind, since both John and Jenny already answered.”
“Okay.” Tom said reluctantly.
Sally leaned forward. “What is it that you like to eat when you think there’s no one watching you?”
She hadn’t made the question to a specific person, Tom realized. He was about to mention this when Tammy said, “Candy bars.”
At nearly the same moment, they heard a mumble from the love seat.
“What was that, Steve?” Sally asked, her tone sharpening into one of irritation. She figured he must have said something sarcastic.
“Legs, especially the meaty part around the top of the thighs.” Steve said dreamily, before he started fidgeting around.
Sally straightened up, ready to start their next bickering match.
Tom reached out and grabbed her arm, keeping her quiet. He held his finger up to his mouth to hopefully ensure her silence, before he began to study Steve’s posture. Steve’s breathing was shallow and his eyes were closed, but his movements seemed anxious. Was he having a nightmare? Or…
“I think he’s in a trance.” Tom quietly deduced.
“He’s faking it.” Sally replied. Just in case, her voice also came out in a whisper.
Steve could be a jerk when he wanted to, Tom knew. But what if, what if he’d only been sleeping lightly, or what if he hadn’t been sleeping at all, but listening in the entire time. What if Steve somehow got sucked into a hypnotic state like the others? He had to make sure. “Steve, where are you?”
“At the beach.” Steve replied uncomfortably. “I hate being at the goddamned beach.”
Tom looked to confirm this with Sally.
“He does hate it. Ever since I met him, he’s been that way.”
Tom turned back to the person on the love seat. “What bothers you so much about the beach?”
“Too fucking hot. It’s a lot cooler on my world.”
Now, Tom was sure that Steve was pulling his leg. “And where is your planet located?”
“It’s the third planet out from the star your people call Epsilon Eridani.” Steve replied, although he was still fussing around. “About ten and a half light years away from Earth.”
Steve looked like he was in a trance, but still, Tom couldn’t be one hundred per cent sure. And the man did act like he was hot and bothered by being at the beach. “Okay, Steve, you’ve had enough of the sand and the surf. You’re getting up and walking over to your car, where it’s nice and cool. You even turn on the car and set the air conditioner to a comfortable level. In fact, you’re very comfortable now that you’re out of the sun.”
Steve immediately began to relax, and even grin.
Tom was about to ask Steve how he’d gotten to Earth, when Sally poked his shoulder. “Ask him about the legs.”
“Huh?”
“He said he liked eating legs.” Sally reminded him. “I want to know what he meant by that.”
Tom tried to swallow his saliva, but he discovered his mouth had gone dry. “Steve, what is it that you like to eat again, when nobody’s around?”
“Legs.” Steve repeated.
“What kind of legs?”
“Female, human.”
Tom didn’t like the direction the conversation was going. “Why don’t you like male legs?”
“Too hairy.” Steve casually replied. “Hate shaving the damn things before I eat them. Sometimes they’re too stringy, got too much muscle on them. That’s why I like the female legs, because they’re always so soft and fleshy.”
Sally was gripping Tom’s arm so hard, her nails were digging into his skin. Tom looked at her, and saw that her face was aghast.
“He’s screwing around. He’s got to be.” Tom said, before turning back to Steve. “When is the last time you ate human legs?”
Steve actually smiled. “Last Thursday after work, I drove around the boulevard and picked up a hooker.”
Sally couldn’t hold back any longer. “You said that your boss asked you to stay a couple of hours longer that evening!”
“I lied.” The words came out very reasonably, very openly.
“You ate the entire hooker in a couple of hours?” Tom asked in disbelief.
“Well, I wasn’t in my human form. It didn’t take me very long.” Steve chuckled. “Heck, the hardest part was stashing her clothes after I’d burped them out.”
Sally’s nails dug even deeper into Tom’s arm. He had to shake off her grip or risk losing his limb.
Tom said nervously, “I don’t know how he could be saying stuff like this if he’s really in a trance. He doesn’t seem to be lying.”
“I’m going to rip his head off whether he’s lying or not.” Sally looked Tom in the eye. “You just watch me.”
“There’s only one way to be sure about this.” Tom held her back. “I can ask him to turn into his real form. When he can’t do it, he’ll have to admit he’s been pulling our legs this whole time. Okay?”
Sally nodded.
Tom turned back toward Steve. “Okay, Steve. You’re in your car and nobody is watching you. You’re parked behind a bunch of palm trees, and you’re far away from the nearest people. You decide to change into your real form, because you’d be a lot more comfortable that way.”
“I’m not supposed to.” Steve replied, his answer much more guarded than before.
“You’re only going to do it for a couple of minutes,” Tom insisted. “And you know no one can see you.”
“I shouldn’t…”
Tom started to turn to Sally, relieved that they’d gotten past the ruse. “See, what did I tell you…”
“Oh, fine.” Steve shrugged his shoulders. “I do get tired of looking like my prey.”
Tom and Sally watched as, in the blink of an eye, Steve turned into something else. Something big and ugly and fish-like.
The thing formerly known as Steve woke up and glanced down at its grotesque form. “What the fuck? What’d you do to me? How’d you get me to change back?”
Sally fainted, Tom turned to run in a panic.
Like a shark, the creature’s massive maw exploded into action, easily enveloping and swallowing the terrified junior hypnotist. Tom struggled quite a bit, but the Steve-thing merely did what it usually did, which was to slowly contract its huge and extended jaw back into place. Soon enough, its prey was suffocated and still.
The being considered the time it would take to digest its latest victim, knowing that it had eaten a large meal just one week prior. And there were four other people still left in the room.
It would have to move to a new place, it frowned, and establish a new identity yet again. And find a new job, and find a new car.
But at least for the time being, it had plenty to eat.

#####


Tales From The Savage Lands 8
(An Excerpt)

I am currently working on this project. It is a culmination of not only the seven novels and short story collections that came before it, but also of my entire Chaos Rift series. This is where all the questions and mysteries from the series are solved, or at least as many of them as I can manage to tie up! As of September 24th, 2019, I am 70% done with this novel. There are many, many characters and subplots to keep track of! To give you a more or less coherent idea of what this novel is about, I’ve concentrated on one of the multiple story paths, involving Rex and his homies from Earth, who ended up in The Savage Lands in Book 7.

Sunset to the east of the Gaudrian Ocean meant it was late afternoon in the west. In the frontier town of Sendoah, all manner of workers were ending their shifts for the day, with most cleaning up and preparing for that night’s entertainment. The River Bows was full of people, mostly men, not all of them human, who were washing up. This included a group of seven rebels from Earth who were recently sucked onto Grond through magical means.
Standing waist deep in slow drifting water was the long and lanky Rex. The teenager was having a dilemma in trying to decide whether he would look tougher with his long hair pulled into a top-knot or a knot down by the back of his neck. The day before, he’d tried a ponytail, only to have his so-called friends rib him for it into the night.
“Are you looking at my balls again?” The sturdy gang member Bulldog asked. “Don’t deny it. I know you were. You were looking at my balls from the corner of your eye, weren’t you?”
“I was not looking at your balls!” Rex protested.
“Sometimes, I look at them too.” Bulldog kept at it. “They’re nice balls. Who wouldn’t want to look at them? There’s a bear here who thinks he’s an artist. Maybe I’ll ask him to paint a picture of my balls for you. You can hang it up over where you sleep.”
“I wasn’t looking at your balls!” Rex shouted.
He’d done it. Bulldog had gone ahead and provoked Rex into draw attention to himself in a river teeming with dirty and not so dirty people. Bulldog kept doing it because he knew he could always get a rise out of Rex, and Rex knew it would happen ahead of time, yet he was still unable to keep from reacting.
The other young men from Earth were Acer, formerly Rex’s buddy from the RTD tagging crew, Duke’s gang members Manny, Slam and Wolfie, and lastly, Moses, who was affiliated with the Stoner Town Bloods. They were all chuckling and grinning because yet again, Rex had allowed his buttons to get pushed. The only person missing was their friend the tiger-man Riss, who was out most of the day doing his own thing, but who usually returned to their dwelling at night for food and security.
“Hey, Dog, stop talking about your balls and tell us what we’re going to do tonight.” Wolfie cut in. “We got extra money, right?”
“We have some extra money.” Bulldog corrected. “If it’s up to me, I say we spend it on beer. I don’t want to be the only one making decisions around here, because then people start having grudges. So let’s hear it. What do you guys want do with it?”
“How much are we talking about?” Moses wondered.
“Eighteen Pigeons minus five for rent, minus four for economy breakfast and supper. That leaves us with nine Pigeons to work with.”
“We’re all eating and healthy, right?” Wolfie replied. “I say we get a prostitute. They only cost like half a Pigeon.”
“That’s one prostitute for one person.” Bulldog reminded him.
“Give me a Pigeon.” Wolfie smirked. “I’ll bone her twice!”
“Is that what we want to do?” Bulldog asked. “Everybody gets a Pigeon to do whatever they want, and we save the rest?”
“We should think about having somebody boil water for us.” Acer said. “Especially at night when it starts getting cold.”
“How about we buy some canvas to cover up the holes in our tent?” Moses spoke up. “The mosquitoes were eating me alive last night!”
“The guy that brings us our food said he can make mosquito repellent.” Slam said. “I don’t know how good it is, but we really need to do something about the mosquitoes.”
“The best thing is to have the repellent, and to cover up the holes we have.” Moses decided. “While we’re at it, we can buy some wood for cheap and replace all them burned up boards.”
“We need a bigger stove to warm us up at night.” Manny said.
“We might not need that if we cover up the holes first.” Moses replied.
“We should buy weapons.” Wolfie nodded.
“Weapons are expensive.” Acer frowned. “I asked the taskmaster about that. He said a cheap tool-knife runs about five Pigeons. A real fighting knife starts at ten.”
“Is that what we want to do?” Rex asked. “Are we making plans to stay here forever?”
“Unless you have a way out, I don’t think we have a choice.” Bulldog shrugged. “How about this? I hold onto this extra nine Pigeons, and we add it to tomorrow’s wages so we can have double that. That will give us more buying power.”
“How much is a barrel of beer?” Wolfie inquired.
“The cheapest beer costs five Pigeons for a small barrel. The good beer goes from eight up to fifteen, but I haven’t tasted it so don’t ask me how good it is. The big barrels start at twenty.”
“We can afford a small barrel.” Wolfie said.
“And we get drunk for one night?” Bulldog replied.
“Why not?”
“Why not wait until tomorrow?” Acer suggested. “We’ll buy a barrel for twenty and have a big-ass party with it. We can invite people.”
“I don’t want to share my beer!” Wolfie protested.
“That’s how you make friends, dick.” Acer huffed. “How about we invite some prostitutes and get them drunk? Did you ever think about that?”
“That’s a good idea.” Wolfie grinned.
“Tomorrow night we’ll have eighteen Pigeons left over.” Bulldog calculated. “That’s double what we have tonight.”
“We’ve got stuff to sell.” Acer reminded him. “Let’s sell it.”
Rex frowned on hearing that. Most of their extra stuff was pants, underwear and sneakers that had belonged to his deceased friend Merlin. Rex had considered selling that a couple of days before, when they’d first arrived in Sendoah, but he’d changed his mind about that.
Moses sensed his unease. “Rex, you don’t have to sell it. Let me do it.”
“Nobody has small feet like that kid did.” Acer said. “The only people that have feet that small around here are the elves.”
“The elves have beef with us.” Wolfie said.
“How about we give them the shoes as a peace offering?” Acer considered. “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I really hate having to keep looking over my shoulder all the time.”
“We’re always looking over our shoulders.” Wolfie told him.
“That’s because you’re gangsters. Rex and me aren’t.”
“Neither am I.” Moses added. “I back up the Bloods and everything, but I’m not a banger like you Dukes are.”
“How about this?” Bulldog resolved the issue. “We’ll try to sell our extra junk tonight. We can buy a pitcher of beer while we watch whatever entertainment they have at the campfire, and if we vote for more beer, we’ll just get another pitcher.”
“We should buy the elves a pitcher of beer.” Acer said.
“Fuck that!” Wolfie snarled. “If those guys want a fight, let’s give them a fight!”
“Use your head, dick.” Acer glared back. “We don’t have any fucking friends here! What happens when somebody like a fucking bear gets pissed off at us and comes over to our house trying to knock it down?”
“We’ve got Riss!”
“Yeah, but what if we piss off a whole mob of bears, or lizards, or even the other tiger clan? You think one Riss is going to be enough against a whole mob?”
“The elves don’t look so tough!” Wolfie shot back.
“No, but last time I counted, I saw twelve of them1 That’s a lot more than our eight! Besides, Riss isn’t always around, is he?”
“That’s enough arguing.” Bulldog cut the tension off. “Let’s finish up here and head over to the campfire. The only one not going is Rex, because he’s heading over to see his girlfriend.”
The others started hooting at the tagger.
“She’s not my girlfriend.” Rex grumbled.

Mog was a skinny old woman with stringy white hair and a bent neck, who’d taken a liking to Rex ever since their group had arrived at Sendoah. The old woman spent most of her working days in the forest, picking berries and nuts, pulling up herbs and roots, hiring helpers when she needed it, but mostly out there by herself. She wanted sexual attention from Rex, but the teen was loath to give it to her. Mog was persistent about it, offering him valuable plants such as mushrooms and yellow crocus in exchange, and also volunteering to watch over their tent when the men were out eating or bathing, any sort of favor really.
“Hey, Mog.” Rex said, entering the tent through its open, regular-shaped door.
The dwelling was rounded like a circus tent, large enough to fit all seven young men and one tiger-man in it, barely, plus a primitive oven made of large stones. It had four open windows on it, roughly facing the cardinal directions, plus a section that was ripped apart and another that had burned up. The tent had thick wooden planks to serve as flooring, which was a good thing considering how many creepy insects and spiders were crawling around all over the place.
“Hello, Rex.” Mog smiled sweetly at him.
At first, the teen thought the old woman to be hideous. This bothered Mog enough that she’d taken to cleaning herself up and brushing her hair before she came to visit, so that now Rex found her tolerable. She sat there on the floor, hopeful as the day they’d met, affectionate with her eyes and grin.
Rex caught a pleasant odor in the air. “You smell nice today.”
“Lavender. Only a touch of it because too much can be overpowering. I prepared a poem for you. Would you like to hear it?”
“Yeah, okay.”

“I fell into a hole and I could not get out!
So much trouble that I had to shout!
One man came, and then another,
But neither of them could be bothered!
Along came Rex and Rex said yes,
And Rex was the man who got me out!”

“That’s a weird rhyme.” Rex said.
“It isn’t a rhyme, it’s a poem!”
“Poems are supposed to rhyme.”
“No, they’re not! I should know, I’ve been creating poems for a long time now! Get me out of my hole, Rex. I’ve been in here a very long time!”
“You’re not in a hole.”
“I am so! It’s a magic hole, you imbecile!”
“What are you talking about?” Rex was halfway across the tent, mostly to clear out a new cobweb he’d just seen. He paused to look back at her. “What do you know about magic?”
“I’m forbidden to say any more!”
“Fine.” He suspired. “So tell me again. If I lie down with you, you’re going to give me a basket full of valuable mushrooms that will sell for a good twenty to thirty Pigeons?”
“As many as you want! You’ll have to come out there with me to get them!”
“You know what I can’t figure out? How is it that you can be in the forest all day and nobody bothers you? Even the lumberjacks don’t like being out there by themselves.”
“I’m an old woman. Who needs to bother me?”
“You didn’t answer my question.” Rex replied, using a piece of wood to scatter the web. The last time he’d used his hand, a big red spider had scurried away from him and nearly made him jump through the roof.
“I use repellents. They smell so strong that people and animals can’t stand to be near me.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Oh, do you want to see my arms and legs?” She pulled on her loose clothes, showing old, skinny, mottled limbs. “Do you see any mosquito bites on me like all those you have on you?”
Rex had red bite marks all over his arms. Mosquitoes on Grond were a lot more vicious than the ones from back on Earth. They left holes. “I need some repellent for this house.”
“I’ll mix some for you,” Mog flirted. “If you give me what I want!”
“And what do you want?”
“The nose knows what the nose knows,” Mog laughed. “And what the nose knows makes the nose grow! I’m not talking about your nose!”
“You’re a crazy old woman.” Rex shook his head.
“Am I?” She countered. “Or do I just look like one?”
“What else could you be?”
Mog looked about to say more, but she caught herself. “I once had a lover, who was like no other. His name was Endrick; he came from the land. I was so happy when he took my hand. I did a misdeed and all was lost, and now I’ve the chance to reverse my cause!”
“See, now you’re talking in rhymes again. You never give me a straight answer, do you? Why is that? What are you hiding?”
“Nothing, and everything.” Mog answered. “You don’t know what you don’t know, and if you did know, you still wouldn’t know...”
“That’s enough with the riddles! Give me one good reason why I should sleep with you!”
“It’s worth a lot of money to you.”
“I’m not after money.” Rex argued.
“You could be gaining the love of your life.”
“I’m going to be eighteen in a couple of months, and you’re... How old are you?”
She grinned back at him and started humming.
“Get out.” He said.
“No, no! You can’t say that!”
“Why not? You’re not telling me the truth, anyway.”
“All right, I’ll tell you one thing, and one thing only. I have to sleep with a virgin boy!”
Unconsciously, Rex glanced at the door, as if someone might hear her. “How do you know that? Who told you?”
“The nose knows!”
“That’s it, get out! I’ve had it up to here with your bullshit!”
“Please, Rex! Listen to me! Don’t send me away, please! I’ll tell you everything... but only after! I can say no more before, or the old man will snore! What left through the door, will return through the door! No more, forever more, forever more, no more!”
“You’re driving me crazy with all that nonsense!”
Mog shifted to one side, going into a large satchel she always carried around with her. “I was no great beauty when I was younger, mind you, but I wasn’t an ugly woman either. I have verbena here, in a potion I made precisely for you. Think of it as a temporary love potion. Drink it and you will see me as I was, when I was your age.”
“A love potion?”
“Only temporary. Only to put you into the right mood.”
Rex stared at the old woman. She was humming as she rummaged through her bag, pulling out pouches and small jars in searching for her potion.
“The potion will arouse you.” Mog said. “All you need do is shut your eyes.”
The tagger envisioned his first time would be with a girl his age, a pretty girl whom he liked and might want as a girlfriend. Never in a million years would he have imagined an old hag that was ten times older than his mother. “I don’t know about this.”
“But I do.” Mog told him. “I know about everything, and I will tell you what I know when the act is done. What we will do together will set us both free, you will see, you will see.”
“No more rhymes.” Rex grunted. “Fine, give me the potion!”

It was close to midnight when the other young men returned to the tent. Half of them were drunk, or mostly drunk, except for Bulldog and Acer who’d kept watch on the rest. Bulldog had his hand on Wolfie’s arm, as the drunken lout had groped a human prostitute and gotten severely scratched for his trespass.
“You owe us a Pigeon.” Bulldog was reprimanding his friend. “That’s what the healer charged to get rid of your scratches!”
“My face all right?” Wolfie asked.
“It’s all right now!” Bulldog answered. “It was all tore up about an hour ago!”
“It was tore up bad, homie.” Moses drawled.
“Next time I see that bitch, I’m kicking her ass.” Wolfie threatened.
“No, next time you see her, you walk the hell away from her.” Bulldog scolded.
“Give her some roses!” Acer cut in.
“Roses? The hell for?”
Through the moonlight, they could see Riss sprawled out by the front door, a place he usually slept on whenever the humans were too loud, or too gassy.
“Hey, Riss,” Bulldog called out. “What are you doing out here?”
“Rex is inside sleeping with the old woman.” The tiger-man answered.
“Oh, yeah?” The hefty thug chuckled. “I guess he finally did it. Did you hear that, guys? Rex is in there with that old hag!”
“I have to go take a piss.” Manny announced.
“Me too.” Slam seconded.
“Acer, why don’t you go with them?” Bulldog requested. “Keep an eye on them, shout if something comes up. I’ll take Wolfie inside.”
“I can walk by my damned self!” Wolfie insisted.
“Watch out, Riss.” Bulldog said. “We’re coming through.”
The moment the tiger moved, Bulldog supported his drunken buddy through the door. Rex or the old woman had lit a candle over the stove; on second thought, it was probably the old woman who’d done it, since the young men didn’t have any candles because they hadn’t bought any yet. Bulldog could see the two lovers curled up to one side of the tent, covered over with the shapeless smock or whatever it was the woman usually wore. The woman’s spindly legs were sticking out from the end of the clothing.
“I guess Rex did it all right.” Moses mused, coming inside next.
“Did what?” Wolfie asked.
“He nailed that old heifer.”
“That pisses me off.” Wolfie muttered. “I almost got my face torn off by a hooker, and here’s Rex scoring ahead of me with an old lady! Fuck that!”
“What are you doing?” Bulldog asked, as the drunk pulled away from him.
As he and Moses watched, Wolfie ambled over to the sleeping pair. The inebriated man started tugging at his clothes.
“That’s not a good idea.” Moses cautioned.
“Kiss my ass!” Wolfie shot back. His shirt was off, and right after that his pants came off. He struggled a bit with the pants, until he figured out he was still wearing his shoes.
“Are you going to stop him?” Moses asked Bulldog.
“Nope!”
The moment Wolfie was fully nude, Moses turned to head back outside. “I think I’ll go hang out with Riss for a while.”
Bulldog stood there mesmerized, watching Wolfie yank the cover off the old woman. She’d just started stirring about, when Wolfie pushed her to her side, then on her back. He fell on her, breathing hard on the back of her head.
“What’s happening here?” Mog asked.
“You think Rex was something special?” Wolfie answered. “That’s because you’ve never had me!”
Wolfie pushed into the old woman, piercing her body before she had her full senses.
“Oh.” Mog murmured, as she finally grew lucid enough to comprehend. “Oh! Oh!”
“They’re doing it, aren’t they?” Moses asked from the door.
Bulldog didn’t answer, since he was standing there laughing his head off.

#####

In the town of Sendoah, the humans from Earth were making great strides in their employment. Much of this was because they had intellect and could understand abstract ideas, which many of the other sentient beings could not. Instead of simply delimbing and debarking trees, the thugs from the Stoner Town Dukes: Manny, Slam and Wolfie, had been promoted to posts at the saw mill, where they helped sort and measure lumber. Their unspoken leader, Bulldog, was given a post with even more responsibility, as he wrote down orders for wood and passed them along through the various departments within the mill. Instead of the usual three Pigeons per day, the Dukes received four, while Bulldog was paid five.
Acer from the Rollin’ Them Dice tagger crew, and Moses, a Stoner Town Blood, were moved into the artistic end of production. For four Pigeons a day, Acer gave the carpenters new ideas from artwork and architectural designs he’d seen on Earth. For the same wages, Moses painted random designs on roof and wall tiles made of baked clay.
The last of the bunch was Rex, the long and lanky Hispanic teen. He didn’t like working in the sawmill, and he quickly grew bored of painting tiles. When he asked the taskmaster, who was a pig-man, for a different job, he was sent into the town’s restaurant sector. At first, he worked as a simple greeter and server. He found he enjoyed that sort of interaction with the public. Thanks to that post, he met and spoke with all manner of sentient beings: lizard-men, pig-men, tiger-men and intelligent bears, plus the infrequent elves and humans.
The tiger-man Riss was still in the picture. The feline hybrid would head out hunting for most of the day, bringing his catches into the restaurants in exchange for coin. In time, Rex arranged a deal where Riss would simply hand his prey over. The cooks would prepare the food and give a generous portion of it to Riss, who would carry it back home and share it with the others.
Last but not least, there was Mog. The old woman, or Old Hag as she was called, spent most of her time out in the woods foraging. True to her word, she brought in valuable plants, herbs and spices, which she shared with Rex, and Rex in turn would use the money for necessities or extravagances. On a rare day, Mog would find much sought after commodities such as amanita mushrooms, saffron or truffles, and end up making more with a single basket than the rest of the humans put together. Also, everyone in the household rotated staying home to make sure no thieves came by to help themselves, and on this particular occasion, it was Mog’s turn to watch the place over.

After an exhausting day, most of the Earth men went into the river to wash off the day’s toil, along with many other workers of various species. This could sometimes be a tense time, as the Earth men still had beef with a pack of wood elves, after Riss had killed an elf who’d been trying to steal their food. The animosity between the humans and elves was thick enough that lizard-men and pig-men noticed, and began daring the two sides to fight at that night’s campfire gathering so they could place bets on the outcome.
“You guys want to see a fight?” Bulldog put his hands up at his sides. “All right, I’m down with that. I’ll challenge an elf tonight.”
Eager hisses and snorts were aimed at the elves, who stood a short distance away and cast daggers with their eyes.
Bulldog started smacking his fist on his palm, antagonizing his rivals further. “You hear that? I’m wiping my ass with all of you tonight!”
The elves glared, a couple even spitting toward the humans. In the end, the entire pack left the riverbank.
“You think that’s a good idea?” Moses asked. “Riling them up like that? If you don’t count Riss, we’ve only got seven heads on our side, while they have like twelve.”
“I don’t need Riss to fight one fucking elf!” Bulldog scoffed. He had a look around at his friends. “You guys about finished here, because I’m hungry!”
The humans left their jobs as a group, they bathed together, and they walked back home together. Since they had very little in the way of extra clothing, they simply wet and wrung out what they wore and carried it back with them. The only articles they had on their bodies were their loincloths.
“You don’t think they’ll go after Rex, do you?” Acer worried.
“Nah.” Bulldog shook his head. “I’m pretty sure Riss is with him.”
“I’m fighting an elf, too.” Wolfie announced.
“Fine with me.” Bulldog said. “Stoner Town, let’s get out of here.”
To reach their tent-shaped house, they had to walk across nearly a quarter of Sendoah, mostly the outskirts where all the scattered housing was found. Over the last few weeks, and thanks to the money Mog was bringing in, they had repaired the torn walls, replaced the charred floor planks, upgraded the oven’s smoke stack and purchased a few blankets and serving bowls. Next on the agenda was a better front door, since at present all they had was a mangled loose door that had to be propped open or shut.
“We’ve got some money now.” Bulldog told the others. “What should we buy next?”
“You know what I’m going to say.” Wolfie grinned. “Beer and hookers!”
“We don’t need to buy beer all that much.” Bulldog reminded the thug. “I’m pretty sure Rex has enough credit by now that he can ask for a half-barrel and they’ll give it to him.”
“How about a better oven?” Moses wondered. “Something made of iron instead of the old stones we’re using now to warm stuff up.”
“Find out how much an iron oven costs.” Bulldog said. “Anybody else?”
“Weapons.” Came from Acer.
Bulldog’s face tightened. “They’re too expensive for us. Even if we had weapons, where would we hide them? We can carry hatchets or knives, because we’ll end up using them while we’re working, but anything bigger is only going to make our house a more attractive target for thieves.”
“That means no swords and no shields.” Acer lamented. “I would love to have a sword!”
“Yeah, so would I.” Wolfie nodded.
“Can we think about moving to a better neighborhood?” Slam asked.
“I don’t know.” Acer replied. “Are we planning on staying here for good?”
“We don’t have a choice.” Wolfie answered. “Unless you can fly us home.”
“I meant are we going to stay in Sendoah? Maybe we should go looking for a place with humans like it. I’m not talking about where the brown people and black people are, because we keep hearing how territorial and savage they are. There must be humans on this planet that aren’t fighting each other all the time.”
“The Cuy-Cuh and the Nubians have cultures of war.” Moses said.
“Let’s ask around.” Bulldog resolved. “We’ll find out if there are any peaceful humans in all of Grond. If it makes sense for us to go there, we’ll have a discussion and take a vote.”
“Imagine some hot Viking chicks.” Wolfie said. “I asked a human prostitute where she came from, and she said she didn’t know. She said her tribe was so poor they sold her to the lizard-men, and the lizard-men turned around and sent her here because of the human prisoners. That’s how she ended up becoming a prostitute. That chick couldn’t go back to her tribe even if she wanted to.”
“Before I came to Grond,” Moses mused. “I would have never imagined white people living in small tribes.”
“I hear you.” Bulldog seconded, glancing ahead. “There’s Riss lying in front of the tent. Hey, Riss, is Rex with you?”
The tiger-man was lying on his side with his limbs curled up close to his body. He lifted his head to acknowledge the approaching humans, but only for a second, before he returned to his lazy posture.
“I guess that means yes.” Moses said.
The six humans went around the lazy tiger. Once inside, they saw Mog stirring a pot that was probably something like the vitamin tea she usually cooked for them. The old woman had taken to wearing a hooded cloak for the last few days, long enough to cover nearly her entire face. Rex was in the home as well. He was in a short-sleeve tunic and trousers; the usual attire for a server, except this time the clothing had many red stains on it. Rex had a second, larger pot sitting on a table, next to their half a dozen bowls and a covered basket.
“What’s all that shit on your clothes?” Bulldog asked, as the new arrivals took seats on the floor, each person at the spot they usually slept in. “It looks like blood.”
“You aren’t going to believe what I did today.” Rex answered. “I didn’t work in an eatery. Instead, at the last minute the taskmaster sent me out to the bird farms.”
“I heard of the bird farms,” Moses recalled. “But I don’t know what they are.”
“The bird farms are next to the fish ponds.” Rex described. “They work pretty much the same way. The caretakers grow small birds by the thousands in these huge cages you can walk inside of. The birds are called sparrows and thrushes. They are small enough that we can chew their bones up no problem, except for the beaks and claws. Those get cut off before the birds are prepared, except for the ones the lizard-men eat because they can just spit those parts out. What I was doing today was catching sparrows and putting them into smaller cages, and taking the cages over to big tubs of wine. This is crazy, but I had to dunk the cages into the wine until all the birds were dead. I guess the birds end up swallowing a lot of wine while they’re drowning. After that, I took the cages into a big kitchen. The cooks took all the feathers and parts we can’t eat off. They had me time the birds while they cooked them in the ovens.”
“Why were the birds drowned in wine?” Moses asked.
“Because they taste better when they’re cooked. I know it sounds pretty nasty, but once you taste one you’ll see why they do it that way. They do the same thing to pigs. They fill up the feeding trough with old beer for the pigs to drink. It gives flavor to the pig meat.”
“That’s pretty disgusting.” Moses grimaced. “What else do we have to eat?”
“Week old bread from Erranth and turkey broth from this morning.” Rex said. “The sparrows are fresh. We cooked them in all kinds of seasoning. I’m telling you they taste good. Just smell them.”
Moses looked unconvinced.
Bulldog, on the other hand, was watching the old woman. “Hey, Mog, what are you making?”
“The usual revitalizing tea.” She said.
The others weren’t paying attention, but Bulldog saw how covered up her face was, and how she turned away when she spoke. He wasn’t ready to make a big deal out of it, not yet, but he was watching her closely.
“Let’s grub.” Wolfie declared. “When we’re done, we’re going out to pick a fight with some punk-ass elves!”

The campfire was the spot where most everybody gathered to unwind after a long, hard day of toil. One huge fire pit was set up in the center, its log and cushioned seating reserved for the town’s wealthiest men, who were not as wealthy as one might think, in actuality, and also for the highest ranked military officials from Erranth plus the head-men from the various industries. Spaced around the main, massive fire pit in a wide circle were smaller fires, ten of them in number. These were given over to whoever wanted to sit around them on a first come, first served basis.
Bulldog led the Stoner Town group, with Rex usually striding at his side and the others keeping pace close behind. The young men could afford to take their time, as another, smaller group of young men were trying to curry favor with them. These were four warriors from the faraway land of Cuy-Cuh, captured after a skirmish with the Erranthan lizard-men. The Cuy-Cuh bronze-skins were given a choice: go to work in Sendoah, or die and end up roasted on a spit. The warriors chose the latter option and lived. Because they were so few, stronger groups bullied them, even other light-skinned humans from isolated tribes who’d also ended up in Sendoah. The Cuy-Cuhs were employed as messengers and runners, fast enough to run to the river and back before most others. Once the Earth men arrived, the Cuy-Cuh sensed an opportunity to make friends, and so they’d taken to reserving one of the smaller fire pits.
Upon spotting them, Itolo, the leader of the Cuy-Cuh, stepped over and bowed his head several times at their approach. He showed the Stoner Town crowd to their campfire, where the other three bronze-skins sat. They were Elecal, Ilecan and Lipiz. The Cuy-Cuh were short and wiry, strong at some tasks and in battle, but they had very little experience in the hand-to-hand fighting that went on in Sendoah. Despite that Rex with his taller than average height towered over them, he was still a bit timid around those men thanks to their dark tribal tattoos and their piercings, which included thin bones stuck into their noses and ears.
By contrast, Bulldog had no trouble dealing with the Cuy-Cuhs. He held out the basket of leftover roasted sparrows. “This is for you. I want you to order a quarter-barrel of beer for us.”
“Pahter bless you, Earth man.” Itolo lowered his eyes slightly. “I will do as you say.”
The Cuy-Cuhs had already eaten, but it was a simple porridge made from whatever vegetables were overripe and close to becoming rotten. The four men were paid the minimal three Pigeons per day for their labor, but they had trouble accumulating money thanks to the many bullies and thieves in camp. (Rex suspected the fleet-footed elves were the main culprits.) That was one of the biggest reasons the four natives wanted to become allies with the Earth men.
“I still think you’re taking advantage of them.” Moses said, as he sat down on the bare ground.
“Ask them if they think I am.” Bulldog countered.
Moses huffed. “They’re going to say no because they want us to back them up.”
“I just gave those guys a basket of food!”
“Right before you made them go get beer for us!”
Bulldog held his arms out and looked incredulous. “Are you kidding me? Their job all day is running around town delivering messages and carrying little shit. That one guy can find a server and order our beer before you can even finish scratching your ass!”
“Don’t give Moses any beer.” Wolfie said.
Rex and Acer sat down together. Moses sat next to them, and Bulldog always made sure he was between the Dukes gang members and the rest of them, mostly because he liked to hear what they were all talking about. The Cuy-Cuhs sat directly across from their group. That was another thing that Rex found unnerving about the little men. They hardly ever spoke. They could sit across the fire all night and say all of two or three sentences to each other.
“So, what’s the news?” Bulldog addressed the Cuy-Cuhs.
Rex had to give it to the hefty gangster. Bulldog always asked what kind of messages the runners delivered. Thanks to his inquiries, the Earth men always knew when loads were about to leave or when they arrived, and what sort of equipment or edibles were being moved around. Rex usually ignored the queries, since Bulldog filtered out what was and wasn’t important, and passed on the most relevant findings later.
Instead, Rex kept his eyes on the rest of the social gathering. Usually, Erranthan soldiers in full uniforms would patrol the perimeter in squads of two or three. Humans and pig-men didn’t mind hanging out together and mingling, while bears always sat together. The elves, by contrast, were an odd lot. From what he’d learned, each cluster of elves belonged to specific tribes, and the tribes were from the forests, the plains or the mountains. Sometimes they got along, but sometimes they didn’t. He could always tell when the elf tribes were bickering by how close they sat to their kind. The last groups of workers were lizard-men: criminals, political prisoners and even a few disgraced soldiers. Like the bears, the lizards always stayed close to their kind.
“I don’t get why more people don’t escape.” Acer commented. “It’s not like the lizards put chains on us to keep us here.”
“I asked about that the other day.” Moses replied. “It’s complicated, depending on who you’re talking about. Mostly, everybody stays here because they have a chance to make money. The bears are the only ones who can say what trees get cut down, and they carry the trees into town. That way, they keep everybody else out of their forest. The humans and pig-men stay because if they run off, the lizard-men will go after them, and if they get caught they know they’ll be eaten. The elves stay because they’re corrupt, according to the pig-guy I was talking to. The elves like chewing the betel nuts, they like screwing around with the prostitutes, and they like stealing money to pay for their bad habits. That’s stuff they can’t get away with in their tribes.”
“How about the tiger-men?”
“Beats me.” Moses shrugged. “Why don’t you go ask one?”
The first part of the evening was the period when the sellers came by showing off their goods. The official vendors pushed handcarts full of small merchandise in the rounded walk between the large fire pit and the rest, including the favored betel nuts and other highly valued items. The rich sorts purchased handcrafted jewelry, the addicts got their betel fix and the healers purchased their herbs and roots. Most of the goods were produced locally. Items imported from other places cost nearly twice as much. Once the vendors had done their rounds, individuals selling only a few things went next. These people, mostly men, sold things they’d made or carved by hand, or old clothing they no longer needed because they’d purchased new clothing. An old elf, Rex knew, now owned the small, skinny pants and shoes his deceased buddy Merlin had once worn.
After the sellers had come and gone, the entertainers and prostitutes had their turn. The latter included performers such as singers, musicians and jugglers. These people worked during the day and were looking to earn a few extra coins in their spare time. As far as Rex could tell, most of the entertainers, although they could be quite talented, were addicted to something or other and needed to support their habits.
“Here come the bitches!” Wolfie chuckled.
The prostitutes walked past the performing entertainers, some fully dressed, some half-dressed, and some barely dressed at all. In Rex’s view, they were an odd lot. Most of the prostitutes were women, with a few men interspersed among them. Prostitutes were not available for bears and tiger-men. Lizard-men had several lizard-women to choose from. The largest group was, much to Rex’s disgust, made up of human, elf and pig women, normal and hybrids, who were compatible with any male from these groups. Screwing around with a human or elf woman was one thing, but never a pig-woman, Rex considered. According to the rumor, such hybrid couplings could actually impregnate the women, and the human, elf or pig babies could be carried to full term. Most hybrids ended up as mules, that is, they were unable to reproduce. Somebody like Wolfie could contemplate sleeping with a human or elf girl, but after knowing that girl might have lain with a pig-man, uh-uh, Rex didn’t want to have any part of that.
“You’re crazy!” Moses was heard saying. “Did you guys hear that?”
“Hear what?” Acer asked.
“Wolfie said he wants to try a pig-woman.”
“That’s... that’s gross.” Rex said. He leaned closer to Bulldog, listening in and confirming that Wolfie had indeed made the request.
“I’ll tell you what.” Bulldog said. “You win your fight tonight, and tomorrow night you can choose any chick you want.”
“All right.” Wolfie nodded. “Deal!”
“I won’t sleep with a pig.” Acer grimaced.
“Neither will I.” Rex said.
Bulldog shifted over to address Rex. “Speaking of that, what’s going on with you and Mog? She’s been covering her face up a lot these last couple of days.”
“You didn’t hit her, did you, Rex?” Moses asked. “Did you give her a black eye?”
“No, I didn’t hit her.” Rex denied. “I noticed that too, about how she’s been covering up. Mog said she was worried she was getting sick. She said she’s making a vitamin tea to help her get rid of it.”
Bulldog shook his head. “No, it’s something else. She’s hiding something. Rex, you need to find out what it is. I want you to talk to her when we get back.”
“Okay.” Rex shrugged.
“When is the last time you slept with her?”
“Two days ago. Wait, I mean three days.”
“Wolfie, have you been banging Mog when the rest of us are sleeping?”
“Maybe.” The gangster shrugged.
“When was the last time?” Bulldog pressured.
“Uh, two days ago.”
“Did you see her face?”
“No.” Wolfie answered. “It was really late and the candles were all off. I was having a dream with a bunch of chicks in it and I woke up with a pecker. I crawled over and woke Mog up that time.”
“Did she try to stop you?”
“Nope. She did say something weird. She said I wasn’t doing anything good for her, but Rex was.”
“What was she talking about?” Bulldog asked.
“No idea.”
“How ‘bout you, Rex? Any idea what that meant?”
Rex took a deep breath. “I don’t know if this has anything to do with it, but Mog said one time that it was a good thing I was a virgin. She made it sound like that was important.”
“When we get back home, we’re going to have a little talk with her.” Bulldog resolved. “That old lady is up to something and we need to find out what it is.”
“What’s this about you being a virgin?” Acer teased.
“Shut up.”
Rex was saved from further embarrassment when a human-elf girl walked over and waggled her hips for Wolfie. The girl had light brown hair and clothing that showed most of her arms and legs. She was very lean, but also very pretty. Needless to say, the gangster had slept with her a couple of times before.
“Come on, Dog!” Wolfie whined. “Let me have a Pigeon for her!”
“Don’t think about her.” Bulldog told him. “Think about that fight coming up.”
“Sorry, cutie pie, but not tonight.” Wolfie frowned. “Boss’ orders.”
She huffed as she started away. “He keeps your money!”
Wolfie glanced at Bulldog.
“Hey, if you want your money, I’ll give it to you.” Bulldog said. “But then you’re on your own. You’re paying your own rent, and you can buy your own food and get the healer to fix you when you get banged up. Is that what you want?”
“That’s not what I want.” Wolfie relented. “I don’t want to worry about any of that shit. I just want to get laid once in a while!”
“You do get laid once in a while.” Moses reminded him.
“You’ve always got Mog!” Manny laughed.
“Yeah, I’ve always got Mog.” Wolfie nodded. “That’s why I always take her in the dark. That way, I can pretend she’s any girl I want.”
Itolo finally came back with the quarter-barrel of beer. The bronze-skin still had the basket of roasted sparrows under his arm, as if he couldn’t eat one until his errand was completed. He gave the barrel to Bulldog, before he went to sit with his fellow Cuy-Cuh and started passing out food to them. Rex observed all of this, and also watched Bulldog uncork the top of the barrel and take the first swig. The barrel started going around their circle, with everyone who wanted to getting a drink, until the beer ran out.
After the entertainers and prostitutes left, an Erranthan mediator walked around announcing it was time for the grudge fights to begin. People stood up from the many campfires wanting to participate. The mediator’s task was to confer with both sides and officially announce a fight. Once that was done, people would start placing wagers on the outcome. Immediately, several lumberjacks stood up to shout at a bear that must have offended them that day, and one tiger-man snarled at the taskmaster. By far, however, it was the unruly mob of elves that were challenging the young men from Stoner Town.
The mediator too noticed who was doing the loudest shouting. He pointed toward the Earth men. “Will you fight?”
“We will fight.” Bulldog stood up. Manny, Slam and Wolfie stood up next to him. “We have one condition.”
“What is your condition?” The lizard-man asked.
“We bet twenty Pigeons that our side will win.” Bulldog announced. “Our challengers have to put up the same amount!”
The mediator turned toward the elves. “Do you agree to this condition?”
It was a good move, Rex thought. The elves were mostly addicts, unable to hoard any sort of money the way the humans had. Unable to match the amount, the elves hurled a few insults at the grinning Bulldog, before they stalked off into the night. It was also a bad move, because Bulldog had just told the entire camp of the small fortune he had.
“Does that mean I can get a prostitute now?” Wolfie asked.
“I’ll tell you what.” Bulldog answered. “Another quarter-barrel for all of us, or a piece of elf ass for you. You get to choose.”
“Damn it, Dog!” Wolfie complained. “Why can’t I have both?”

The fights were mediocre. Two men fought each other, and later two elves. The third fight was between a human woman and pig-woman. They were all pretty weak as far as entertainment went. The last fight, however, was between two humans and one pig-man against one bear. That was carnage, Rex witnessed, with the bear coming out on top and the services of a team of healers needed to fix up the battered challengers.
“Never fight a bear.” Moses said, as the men made their way back to the house. “I mean never, ever fight against a fucking bear.”
“No shit.” Slam agreed. “I thought we were going to get our scrap on against them elves. Do you think they’ll put up the money tomorrow night?”
“No.” Bulldog answered. “They don’t have any money because they spend it all as soon as they get it in their hands. That means they can’t challenge us to a grudge match. They’re going to try to come after us some other way.”
“That sounds dangerous.” Moses said.
“No shit.” Bulldog nodded. “We have to watch our backs even more now.”

It wasn’t such a bad life, Rex pondered, as the Earth men made their way home later that night. They did their work competently, good enough that supervisors weren’t watching over their shoulders any longer. When the work was done, they could spend their day’s earnings any way they felt like it. From the looks of it, most prisoners in Sendoah, and they really were prisoners, lived day to day and that’s the way they liked it. A few were getting ahead because they were thrifty forward-thinkers, saving up to buy supplies, like a couple of men Acer and Moses had met. They were planning on buying a load of clay and an oven to start baking things like cooking pots and vases for storing wine. Rex had met some other guy, a pig-man that worked in the kitchens, who ordered exotic spices from faraway towns, just so he could mix things up and charge more for food, with the intention of opening up his own kitchen one day in the future. The tough question was, were the Earth men going to stay in Sendoah, or were they going to high-tail it out of there as soon as they had the chance to?
Rex’s musings came to a halt when they reached the vicinity of their front door. The tiger-man was out there guarding it, as usual, but before the young man could walk in, Bulldog stuck his arm out and stopped him.
“Let me and Wolfie go in first.” Bulldog said, in that even, deliberate way that meant he was serious. “Wolfie, you and me are going to grab Mog and hold her until she talks. The rest of you better not let her get past you.”
Mog was sitting near the oven, grinding some smelly plants into powder while using a mortar and pestle. When the old woman saw the men entering the home, she shifted over, deliberately, Rex observed, so her face would be away from them.
“What are you making, Mog?” Bulldog asked.
“A salve for insect bites.” The old woman replied. “I know this stinks, but it does repel those blasted mosquitoes that keep coming...”
With his casual walk, Bulldog had stepped over to where the old woman sat. He grabbed at her arm, pulling Mog to her feet. She made the attempt to pull away, but Wolfie was right there in front of her. He grasped her other arm.
“Don’t hurt the old girl.” Moses called out.
“We’re not going to hurt her.” Bulldog said.
Mog had her head down, her hood covering her entire face. “I can take my tools outside. I know it smells something fierce...”
“Be quiet!” Bulldog pressured her.
Rex was directly in front of the old woman. He thought Mog might struggle against her two captors, but that didn’t happen. Mog merely kept her head facing the floor, even as Bulldog pulled her hood out of the way. The old woman’s hair was hidden, but now it tumbled down to cover her face. Rex wasn’t quite astonished, but he was close. The woman’s hair was not the dingy gray he was used to looking at, but a soft, faded brown. The tagger’s first impression was that it wasn’t Mog but another woman who was a few years younger.
“Did you color your hair, Mog?” Bulldog asked. “It looks nice.”
“Yes, yes.” The old woman nodded without lifting her head. “It is colored. I wanted to look more attractive to all of you, especially Rex and Wolfie.”
“Stand up straight, so we can all see your hair.” Bulldog coaxed her. Gently, he brushed the brown strands aside and reached for her chin. Mog seized the moment, by clamping her teeth on the sturdy gangster’s fingers. “Don’t bite me, Mog. I swear, if you bite me, I’m going to hit you so hard all your teeth are going to fall out.”
“Bulldog is ruthless,” Wolfie rapped. “He’ll leave you toothless!”
“Shut up, Wolfie.” Bulldog said, his voice still low and calm. “Mog, let go of my hand. All I want to do is see your hair.”
It was a long, tense moment, until Mog finally slackened her jaws.
“You drooled all over me.” Bulldog wiped his hand on his trousers. He reached for the old woman’s chin again, and slowly lifted her face to where the rest could see it.
For the second time, Rex was positive he wasn’t looking at Mog, but at someone else. The woman standing before him did look like the Old Hag he was used to, but it couldn’t be the same woman because this one was at least ten years younger.
“Mog, we’re going to let you go now.” Bulldog said. “You’re going to stay here and tell us what’s going on with you.”
“I can’t go out anyway.” The woman shook her head. “If anyone sees me like this, they’ll brand me a witch for certain and kill me. This is why I leave so early in the morning nowadays, before most other people wake up, and why I come back early before everyone else returns from their jobs. The lizard-men, they will kill me for certain if they see me.”
“That’s why you’ve been asking for us to sell the stuff you gather from the forest.” Moses deduced. “Instead of selling it yourself like you did before.”
“Yes.”
“No, that’s not Mog.” Rex shook his head. “It looks like Mog, but it can’t be her. People can’t just lose years like that!”
“I can.” Mog grinned. “All because of you, my virgin lover.”
“What about me?” Wolfie asked.
“I’m sorry, but you aren’t a virgin.” Mog blushed. “You are enjoyable!”
“Prove you’re the real Mog.” Rex insisted. “The real Mog has a million rhymes she can start reciting off the top of her head.”
“You want a rhyme from me?” The woman smiled. “I’ll give you one.”

Huwa Papandra

Once upon a time down at Old Miriam’s Well,
There lived a young witch who could cast one spell.
Huwa Papandra, that was the witch’s name.
Huwa Papandra, she was the one to blame!

You see, our dear Huwa, she only had one spell.
Can’t make no money, with only one thing to sell.
Huwa Papandra, envious of the rest.
Huwa Papandra, wanting to be best.

The other witches could do all sorts of magic things.
Drawing demons from the pit; making dead men sing.
Huwa Papandra, heart full of discord.
Huwa Papandra, always wanting more.

The gods tore the veil, letting all the magic through.
Changed the sky to red, when afore was colored blue.
Huwa Papandra, she thought she had a chance.
Huwa Papandra, with demons she would dance.

Shadows in the woods, howls heard in the night.
Scaring all the villagers, hearts full ‘o fright.
Huwa Papandra, walked away from home.
Huwa Papandra, went walking all alone.

One good healing spell, for Huwa was not enough.
She wanted divination, and potions made for love.
Huwa Papandra, be careful what ye seek.
Huwa Papandra, that’s who ye will meet.

Witness saw the demon; here is what she saw.
Bird head, long beak, black feathers, sharp claws.
Huwa Papandra, spoke to birdie demon.
Huwa Papandra, most would be a fleein.’

Give me your darkest secrets, all I wish to know.
That’s what this witch demanded from this crow.
Huwa Papandra, I will tell you all.
Huwa Papandra, from the greatest fall.

Crow became a giant, that’s what the witness said.
Poked its giant beak right into the witch’s head.
Huwa Papandra, bird began to fly.
Huwa Papandra, was taken to the sky.

In a whirlwind she was taken, high into the air.
The witness picking berries, fast to gettin’ scared.
Huwa Papandra, held by head and arms.
Huwa Papandra, should be knittin’ yarn.

Up so high, did the demon bird let the witch fall.
The witness on the ground, she was to see it all.
Huwa Papandra, cannot catch her breath.
Huwa Papandra, falling down to her death.

In that fall, all the knowledge was given to her.
For a blink of the eye, best witch in the world.
Huwa Papandra, knew all there was to know.
Huwa Papandra, down the only way to go.

How to stop a fall, the only spell she lacked.
Landed with a crunch, broken bones and back.
Huwa Papandra, moments left in life.
Huwa, Papandra, aimed so very high.

Best learn this lesson, ye young mages listenin.’
Bite more than ye can chew, won’t make ye win.
Huwa Papandra, only knew one spell.
Huwa Papandra, sittin’ down in Hell.

All the magic in the world didn’t get her very far.
Don’t go courtin’ demons, be happy who you are.
Huwa Papandra, thought to fly on high.
Huwa Papandra, only found a way to die.

Bulldog scratched his cheek. “Yeah, I think that’s Mog all right.”
“Mog can’t just become young again!” Rex protested.
“Don’t forget, you’ve got the Wonder Dick.” Acer joked. “The Wonder Dick can make the impossible become the possible.”
While the others laughed, Rex became even more stubborn. “That’s not Mog!”
“There is one thing I can do.” The old woman started wiggling as if she was hiding a secret. “It will go a long way to convincing all of you that I am who I say I am.”
“What?” Rex barked.
“All right, let’s see it.” Bulldog said.
As the Earth men watched, Mog reached up to her neck. She gave a quick jerk to her head, loosening it up and removing it. Mog’s head ended up held in her arms, down by her waist. The old head had a wicked smile on its face.
Of the eight people standing inside, seven of them all at once made for the front door. Poor Riss lying just outside was trampled and tripped over so much he felt like a rug. The tiger tried to stand, causing the last few young men to end up sprawling on the ground. Finally, sensing a threat, the tiger pushed through the entrance. One look at Mog without her head on was enough to send the tiger loping off as well.
Once the Earth men had collected their wits, they gathered about twenty feet away from their house and started fighting off the vicious forest mosquitoes. They heard the old woman’s cackle coming from inside their home.
“I’m telling you, Rex!” Bulldog insisted. “That’s Mog’s laugh!”
“She just took her fucking head off!” Rex shouted.
“Did you know she could do that? Did she do that in front of you before?”
“Hell no!”
“There is something wrong with that woman.” Moses added.
Bulldog pointed at the black man. “Go talk to her.”
“Me?” Moses asked. “Why me? You go talk to her!”
Bulldog looked to Acer next. “Okay, you go.”
“I’m not going anywhere!”
“Rex, that’s your girl.” Bulldog tried again. “Go tell your girl she looks much better when her head is where it’s supposed to be!”
Rex was about to refuse, right before he felt a prolonged sting on his back that informed him a mosquito had just sucked a quart of blood out of him. “Shit!”
The young man lowered his head and kicked at the dirt, before he started a resigned march back into the house. He stopped just inside the door. Mog stood there, her head still in her arms.
“Mog, put your fucking head back on right!” He demanded.
“I was funny, wasn’t I?” Her head asked.
“How can you even talk when your head is not on your body?”
“Magic.” Her headless shoulders shrugged.
Bulldog, Acer and the others peered in, ready to bolt off if necessary.
“The mosquitoes are inviting other mosquitoes from farther away.” Moses called in. “They’re starting up a buffet line where we’re the main course!”
“Mog, put your head on right.” Rex persisted.
“Oh, all right.” Mog gave in. She set her head on her neck, righted it a bit, and gave it a pull that somehow caused it to stick. “There. You don’t have to be afraid of me anymore.”
“You sit down on your blanket, where you usually sleep.” Bulldog ordered.
“But I have to finish grinding my herbs.” The woman protested.
“Okay, then grab your shit and carry it over to your blanket. Hurry up! I’ve got mosquitoes carving up my ass right now!”
The moment Mog was situated, most of the Earth men scrambled inside. Manny and Slam were near ready to spend the night outdoors with Riss.
“Mog, don’t take off your head again.” Bulldog warned. “If you do, I’m throwing it into the river! I want you to understand that!”
“All right, all right.” Mog made a face at him. She set her plants, her powder and her mortar and pestle in place, and got back to grinding. “I promise I won’t do that anymore.”
Cautiously, Bulldog moved over by his sleeping spot. The others were hesitant, but only until the mosquitoes started biting at them again.
“Hurry up and shut the door!” Wolfie admonished the last man in.
“Rex, go sit next to your girl.” Bulldog motioned.
“Are you going to behave, Mog?” Rex asked.
“I already said yes.” She replied.
Rex sat down next to her, clearly cringing away. Mog made evil eyes at him, before she started giggling. “Look at all of you, afraid of an old woman!”
“Most old women can’t take their heads off.” Slam grumbled.
“Start talking, Mog.” Bulldog told her. “Why is Rex’s Wonder Dick making you young, and why can you do weird shit with your head?”
“It is a long story.”
“So?” Bulldog replied. “We’ve got all night.”
“I won’t tell the whole story, because you won’t believe me.” Mog decided. “I know this because I would sometimes story-tell during the entertainment part of evening festivities. Most that listen do not believe. I am protected by the goddess Artemia.”
“I thought the only god around here was Gladius.” Moses recalled.
“No, the god of Erranth is Gladius.” The old woman corrected. “Gladius is the god of war and bloodletting. Artemia is goddess of the moon, of still waters and rushing waters. Once, she ruled over the seas and oceans as well, but she has long since lost these domains to gods more powerful than she. Listen well, humans from Earth, I was there in the beginning, when before Men-Mot was Cron, before Jah-Pter was Jove, before Gladius shone his red face in the sky. It was long, long ago when I was a young woman. But you who are from Earth, you don’t care about the long ago. You care about the here and now.
“While Gladius, Jah-Pter and Men-Mot thought to dominate this world and all worlds, the sun and moon were in love. They made a pact to end disease and war and unhappiness. To cause their pact to become reality, the sun and moon would become flesh and blood, and walk among us to be sure that what they planned would be good for their people. Alas, the other three gods wanted to keep the people divided, and the three conspired against the two...”
“How does any of that explain how you can take your head off?” Bulldog cut in.
“Give me a few minutes to explain, why don’t you?” Mog snapped. “Artemia was my goddess. I followed her onto an island in the sea, and I pledged myself to her service. My goddess had rules for her followers. I... I broke a very important rule, and for that I was banished away, cursed to roam about the lands as an old woman, cursed to rhyme my rhymes until the end of time, to whine and whine about my crime...”
The old woman ground her mortar a few times, becoming melancholy. “I was nearly given a second chance, many years later. Stay close to your lover, Artemia said. Redeem yourself and perhaps I will return your youth to you. I did, but the chance for me never came. I stayed old, so old the children would either run away from me or throw rocks at my back. I was humbled, and humbled again, and thought this would be my curse until the end. But it was not. You see, the world began to change. The land shifted with black magic, strange creatures appeared where before only forest animals existed. The trees came alive, and their will was to plot evil against all men. The wizards were granted magic by the three rebellious gods, while the sun and moon were hidden away, making their plans, designing their designs.”
“You’re making all that up.” Wolfie scoffed.
“Am I? Have you lived my life, have you thought my thoughts, have you walked in my shoes while the earth quakes and the sun darkens and the wind howls?”
“Just let her talk.” Bulldog told the rest. “Go on, Mog. You said you were cursed?”
“I was with my lover.” Mog recalled sadly. “He was young and full of vigor, while I was so old and wasted. I became a burden to him, so much that I know he wanted to leave me behind. But he couldn’t, my beloved Endrick could not leave me. And so, I left him. I saw a chance to get away from him, and I did. Endrick was unable to follow. The corrupt magic came over the land like blight. It shook the land and stole its vibrancy, making the land inhospitable and dark. I was with others, valiant warriors and sorcerers who tried to fight the blight, but it swallowed them all. It took them into other places far from reality. The blight swallowed me as well, but I got out of it. Artemia cursed me, you see, and her curse kept the blight and magic and evil from taking me like it took everyone else. I was able to leave the blight, and all the lands it had corrupted. With Artemia’s guidance, I crossed the ocean and came here to the western continent, and here I have been ever since.”
“What about Rex’s Dick of Youth?” Acer snickered.
“Artemia said, listen to me, Mog.” The old woman explained. “Young men are coming. They are not from here, but from elsewhere. Become friends with them. There is much fighting still to come in the blight. Perhaps they will join the side of good against evil. Among these men is a virgin. Seduce him, Mog. You have suffered long enough. I am ready to return your youth to you. Sleep with him, and for every night that you do, I will reduce one year of your age, until you reach the age you were when you committed your trespass against me. And so, I have slept with Rex every other night, and I have lost age after each of those times. As long as I continue to sleep with him, I will lose more wrinkles and more years.”
“Now that’s a really good story!” Moses exclaimed.
“How young can you get?” Wolfie wondered.
“I was over sixty years of age for... for a very long time.” Mog revealed. “When I was on the island of Artemia, before I disgraced myself, I was... oh, I was twenty-four or twenty-five.”
“Rex, you need to keep humping her!” Wolfie blurted. “I want to see her at twenty-five!”
“I wasn’t beautiful, you know!” Mog protested.
“I don’t care! I just want to see if Rex can really do it! Are you sure I can’t help?”
As Mog’s face reddened, she turned away.
Bulldog sat there quietly, trying to figure out how much of the tale was true. Moses, on the other hand, already had questions. “What happened to your head?”
“I was old and weak, too slow to get out of the way when the monsters came.” Mog huffed. “They cut my head off, but since I was under Artemia’s protection, the goddess would not allow me to die. I tried everything to get my head back in order. I bound it with rope, I used horse glue on it, I tried to burn it together, but nothing worked! It kept coming off and nobody would stand near me because of it. Only recently, when Artemia revealed to me that you men from elsewhere would come, did Artemia hide away the tear of my head. I can still take my head off and put it back on, but you won’t see the separation because it’s hidden so well!”
“Don’t do that in front of me, please.” Rex said.
Mog gave him a look that said she would do just that.
“Great.” Rex mumbled.

#####

In Sendoah, nearly a month had gone by. Each and every day that passed increased the discovery of the Old Hag’s sudden youth. It was getting too difficult to hide it, and so the old woman did as she always did; she thrust her shocking revelation right into the public’s face.
Everyone could recognize her loud cackles, as she walked between the elite inner circle and commoners’ outer circle during the entertainment portion of the evening. She was clad in her usual dirty garb, with her hooded cloak that let no one see her face clearly. “And so there I was, in the woods, when I had an itch, and no, it wasn’t an itch in my arse! I had the itch to sing, you see, and so I did. I sang to the olden gods, the ones not known in these modern times. Artemia of the moon and lakes, I sang, cast your wise eyes down upon me. See my old and rickety body that has seen more years than the hills have seen. See me, Artemia, that despite how old I have become, I will still sing my songs and dance for you!”
“That woman is crazy.” Moses shook his head, seated at the campfire where the Earth men and the Cuy-Cuh sat.
“Don’t knock her.” Bulldog said. “Thanks to her, we’re this close to being rich.”
“How rich?” Wolfie asked.
“Rich enough to start up our own business, if we knew what the hell we wanted to do for a business.” Bulldog said. “Most of us can keep working like we’ve been doing, but one or two of us can stay home and make something and sell it.”
“We should make soap, like Acer said.” Manny spoke up.
“One thing is making the soap,” Acer shrugged. “But it’s going to be a whole other thing to get these dicks to pay for it.”
“I’ve got an idea about that.” Bulldog suggested. “Wolfie can bone a couple of elf chicks. He can convince those hookers that soap is like perfume, and if they get the guys to buy soap from them, we’ll cut them in on a percentage.”
“I like that idea!” Wolfie laughed. “Especially the boning part!”
“Guys, shut up!” Rex hissed. “I’m trying to listen to what Mog is saying!”
A few yards away, the Old Hag raised her arms in the air and started shaking them. “What do you think happened next? Artemia said to me, she said, sing your songs and let me judge how good they are. So I sang one song, and I sang a second, and a third. Your songs please me, the goddess said. Sing me a lullaby next. If it pleases me, I will grant you one wish, and to mark my promise to you, I will cause the moon to shimmer blue for the night! I know dozens of lullabies, hundreds of them! How was I supposed to choose one fit for a goddess?”
“Not another Endrick poem!” Someone in the audience whined.
“Shut your trap!” The Old Hag snapped. “I said lullaby, didn’t I? I did not say I would rhyme a rhyme of heroism, something of which you know nothing about! Are you ready to listen to my lullaby or not?” Her words were enough to quiet the crowd, and so she started her lullaby. “This is called Babes In The Woods.”

Oh, my friends don't you know,
How a long time ago,
There were two little children,
Whose names I don't know.
They were taken away,
On a cold winter's day,
And left in the woods,
So I heard some folks say.
And they sobbed, and they sighed,
And they bitterly cried,
'Til, at last, they grew weary,
And lay down and died.
And the robins so red,
When they saw they were dead,
Took strawberry leaves,
And over them spread.
Oh, babes in the woods,
Poor babes in the woods,
How sad is the story,
Of the babes in the woods.

“Well, what do you know?” The Old Hag asked the audience. “The goddess was pleased! I know, I know, because she told me so! The moon will shimmer tonight, so all will see, I am as pleased as pleased can be! Look there, you bastards and whores, look into the heavens and tell me if I lie!”
Along with everyone else, Rex turned his head to look at the moon. It looked normal, white and cratered, a lot like the moon he was accustomed to seeing on Earth. Just as he was about to give up on seeing anything, a blue wave seemed to flow over the moon. It startled him off the ground and to his feet, and he wasn’t the only one.
“How the hell did she do that?” Moses asked.
“Name your wish, the goddess said,” Mog kept crooning. “And so I did, and so I did! Give me the face and form of my youth, and you will hear me, Artemia, you will hear me singing your hymns for a long time more!”
Many people in the crowd were already full of dread after seeing the blue flash on the moon. They became even more unnerved when the Old Hag pulled her hood back and showed, not the usual old, gnarled face they’d seen plenty of times before, but the face of a young woman. She cackled again, if only to reinforce that it was really she and none other.
“Artemia, Artemia, I once did you wrong, but your gift will be remembered in my new song!” The woman concluded. “For always and forever, Artemia, you will be my goddess!”
Many in the crowd gave her a wide berth as she strode toward the campfire of the Earth men. She paused, however, before she got there. To the audience she asked, “Would you like to see what other nice trick Artemia has blessed me with?”
“Don’t do it!” Rex rushed to her side. “I’m telling you, don’t do it!”
“You’re no fun!” Mog huffed, allowing the young man to lead her to her spot. “It’ll cause quite a stir with these drunken louts.”
“If you take your head off in front of all these people,” Rex whispered. “I’m not sleeping with you again!”
“I don’t need you to sleep with me any longer.” Mog raised her nose at him. “I already have my youth!”
“I’ll tell Artemia you’re getting a fat head now that you’re young! She’ll probably take your youth away from you!”
“Hmm.” Mog considered. “You’re right. Artemia has a quick temper with me. Very well, Rex, I won’t embarrass you or your friends.”
“Good!”

It was a couple of hours later, when the group returned to their home. The place looked a lot better than it had before, with a real wooden door instead of a broken one, a place for wiping one’s feet before stepping inside, and a new oven keeping them warm at night. The only thing out of place was the tiger-man. Riss wasn’t at his usual place by the entrance. As the men started fanning out, the tiger loped out from behind the tent-home.
“Anything wrong?” Bulldog asked.
“The elves came looking for trouble.” Riss revealed. “One came first, smelling of elf sweat. I think he wanted me to follow him into the woods. I was about to, when I smelled the second elf. This second one tried to cover his scent with leaves and grass, but I could smell his stink under that. If I had followed the first, the second would have tried to enter our home.”
Bulldog turned toward his friends. “You know what that means. Two of us have to stay home at all times, nobody goes anywhere alone, and we all watch our backs.”

The trouble between the humans and the elves had been brewing for some time, Rex knew. He was surprised both sides hadn’t come to blows already, considering how often they would threaten each other. Sooner or later, a showdown between them was bound to happen, and the moment of truth came the very next morning.
Early on, the Erranthan reptilians were concerned about a coming war with the Serdican pig-men. Apparently, the Erranthan were severely outnumbered, so badly that an offer of reduced sentences was made to the many prisoners in Sendoah. Erranthan military brought in wagons full of weapons to train any volunteers in basic fighting. Not everyone had a chance to train, however. The belligerent bears from the Bear Lands, the humans from Earth, the tiger-men and a few others were excluded, the humans in particular because they weren’t even prisoners really. Of those that did go through weapons training, several were transported away to defend Castle Erranth. The rest kept to their daily chores, but they were put on stand-by in case they were needed. Once the hostilities between the two kingdoms were over, with the reptilians emerging as the victors, the deployed criminals and volunteers were slowly brought back.
In the meantime, three wagon loads of weapons were left in Sendoah, covered up with canvas tarp but without enough Erranthan soldiers to guard them. It wasn’t very difficult for a stealthy handful of elves to sneak their way over and steal a good number of weapons. Mostly, they took swords and spears, both of which were a bit too heavy for them, but they knew the woodcutting humans were armed with short knives and hatchets.
The attack started shortly after the humans arrived at their job sites. In Rex’s case, he’d just gotten his day’s restaurant duties of washing pots and pans, before he was told to gather wood for the ovens. Two elves burst into the restaurant with the intentions of killing him.
Rex was lucky for two reasons. One: because the servers wiping down tables and setting up chairs spotted the intruders first. They started up a clamor loud enough to cause Rex to look over. He saw the elves coming at him while holding swords they could barely carry in their skinny arms. The second reason he was lucky was because he was in the kitchen, where he had a number of items he could easily pick up to defend himself, plus the cutting tables and ovens he could hide behind. Pots and pans flew at the two elves first.
Rex only had a broom handy, but he did see how the elves used their full weight to swing the swords, and how the elves were rattled when the swords struck anything solid. Rex whacking them with the broom was more effective than the elves throwing their weight around while trying to swing the heavy swords. He must have broken one’s arm, because that elf could no longer pick up anything. As the second elf ran off, Rex grabbed the first one and flung him across the kitchen. The teenager hadn’t meant to be so forceful, but he’d never picked up an elf before, let alone thrown one, and discovered that elves weighed about as much as ten year-old kid. The elf didn’t just end up on the far side of the kitchen, but he also tumbled across the heated stove and got scorched up.
Rex didn’t stick around for help to arrive. Broom in hand, he rushed out of the restaurant to where the nearest of his friends were. Acer and Moses were both working in the roof tile factory. They had four elves to worry about, and two of the skinny attackers were carrying stolen spears. Unlike in Rex’s case, the elves fell on his two friends abruptly. Moses got a slash across the thigh, before he backed up into a small room where the elves couldn’t get at him. Acer had three attackers to fend off. He was throwing tiles and buckets of dye at them, until he managed to rip a spear away from an elf’s hands.
Workers were running out of the shop, making it that much harder for Rex to shove his way in. He heard Moses shouting, and saw a single elf poking a long spear inside. Moses deflected the spear by pushing and kicking it away, but he was still getting nicked and scraped by its sharp end. Rex slammed his broom on the elf’s back, hard enough to break it. The elf slumped over, giving him the chance to run into the room.
“Are you hurt bad?” Rex asked.
“Fucker cut my leg!” Moses screeched. “Look at my hands!”
“Find a healer!” Rex ordered. “Where’s Acer?”
“In the clay room! What do you mean find a healer? Give me something to wrap around my fucking leg!”
Rex scanned the small room, which was used to store tiles for large orders. He backtracked into the bigger room beside it, grabbing at a cleaning rag and throwing it at Moses. Next, he went to pull the spear away from the fallen elf. “I’m checking on Acer! You make sure that elf isn’t coming after you again!”
“I’ll make sure all right!” Moses growled.
Rex knew where the clay room was. It was next to the ovens, and the ovens were close to a stream that ran by the tile shop, in case of fires. The same as Moses, Acer had managed to get himself into a room with only one door. Acer had even barricaded the door, but the elves were industrious enough to move outside tables and racks while trying to get in through the windows. One of them saw Rex running closer. The elf warned his accomplices, before he jumped off a table to the ground. While the elf turned to retrieve the sword from the table, Rex plunged the head of the spear into his side. The young man hadn’t been in all that many fights to the death. To feel the spear ripping into flesh, and to hear the elf’s scream and watch the blood pouring out of the little man was enough to make Rex’s stomach turn. When he tried to yank the spear out, he ended up pulling the elf’s entire body along.
The elf’s screams frightened the two elves still climbing through the windows. They climbed of the rack they were on and ran off, leaving their fatally wounded partner behind. Rex jerked at the spear again, only to see the elf jostle gruesomely a second time. Finally, he sucked up his courage and used his sneaker to push the agonized creature loose. The elf continued to writhe on the ground, his blood still flooding away.
“Acer, it’s Rex!” The teen shouted. “Are you all right?”
“Yeah, yeah!”
“Come out here! The rest of them ran off!”
Acer opened the door, peering out and seeing the elf holding the nasty gash at his side. “What the hell, man? They just came out of nowhere!”
“They cut Moses! Bulldog and them are probably in danger! If you want to help, grab that sword and let’s get moving!”
“They cut Moses? How bad?”
“Come on, let’s go!”

The run into the forest was tougher than they’d thought. Rex and Acer hadn’t even gotten to the first of the lumberjacks before the assault was over. The young men were still on their way when a horse-drawn wagon rushed into view, heading straight to them. A pig-man was driving the Dukes, who were sprawled out in back.
“Stop!” Rex called out. “Stop!”
The moment the wagon slowed, Rex and Acer climbed on board. Bulldog and Wolfie were both sitting up and bloody. Manny and Slam were lying down, their bodies in even worse shape.
“We need to find a healer, urgently!” The driver urged.
“All right!” Rex shouted back. “Let’s go find one!”
“What happened out here?” Acer asked, once the wagon was moving again.
“Fucking elves.” Bulldog answered. “They were in the woods watching us. The second we were by ourselves, they came at us. They fucking blindsided us!”
“Manny and Slam didn’t have a chance.” Wolfie added. “They were going to delimb while we were going to pick out the best trunks and roots for furniture. They got surrounded by like, I don’t know how many elves. At least six of them. After they got taken down, the elves came after us. You remember all those times Bulldog bought beer for other people, and I kept bitching about it? Well, if it wasn’t for those other people coming to help us fight against the elves, me and Bulldog wouldn’t have made it. We’d be dead, too.”
Acer started talking about the attacks in town, while Rex sat in the wagon and looked at the two Dukes. This world of Grond was a fucked up place. Everybody he knew kept dying in it.
As it turns out, four elves and two humans had attacked tiger-man Riss as well. The only reason they hadn’t finished Riss was because Mog came out of their house-tent and did what she was told not to do. The woman pulled her head off and held it up in the air, threatening the attackers with witchcraft until they panicked and hurried off.
Every healer in town was summoned, including menders who sewed with magical yarn, herbalists and mages who could repair wounds with focused heat. It was going to cost a pretty Pigeon to patch them all up, but past Manny and Slam, at least the Earth men didn’t lose any more friends that day.

In the evening, supply wagons rolled in from Erranth. They carried a special passenger with them, and after getting directions, the black man from Earth made his way to the public meeting place. The man walked over to where the Earth men lay, most of them still being treated by the dozen or more healing mages sitting all around.
Bulldog was the first to recognize the new arrival. “Hey, Sergeant Pederson! What are you doing here?”
“Sergeant Pederson!” Wolfie exclaimed, going from lying on his back to sitting up. “No shit!”
Even the weak Moses raised his hand upon recognizing the policeman.
“It’s not Sergeant Pederson anymore.” The man grinned. “I’m not even a cop. You can call me regular old Gordon now.”
“You just had to go into the fog, didn’t you?” Bulldog teased.
“Yes, I did.” Gordon nodded. “It’s not for the reasons you might expect, but here I am with the rest of you.”
“Who is this guy?” Rex wondered.
“He’s a cop.” Wolfie replied first. “Or at least he used to be a cop. He would cruise around Stoner Town trying to catch us doing shit, so he could throw us in the clink.”
“You know that’s not true.” Gordon said. “Half the time, I was trying to keep your butts out of the clink, as you call it. So, uh, this is going to sound a little crazy, but have you seen a chick around here that can turn herself into a big crow?”
“Are you kidding?” Bulldog asked.
“No, I’m not. I think that chick is here, on this world. If she is, I need to find her.”
“Chicks that turn into crows?” Wolfie kidded. “Nope, haven’t seen anyone like that!”
Gordon set his hands on his hips and frowned.
“I’ve seen such a woman.” Mog revealed, from her spot sitting near Rex.
“Where?”
“In a dream. I don’t know where she is now, but I know where she will be in the future. She will be wearing golden armor and carrying a golden spear.”
“That sounds like Doby.” Gordon said. “Where is she going to be in the future?”
“That way.” Mog pointed east. “Across the ocean, on the continent I fled from. She is in a haunted region known as the Savage Lands.”
Gordon looked east. “Across an ocean, huh?”
“That is the scene of the great war that will decide the fate of this world.” Mog said.
“I have to go there.” Gordon decided. “Not right away, not if Doby won’t be there until some time in the future. But soon, I have to go there soon. So, Bulldog and Wolfie, what kind of trouble have you been getting into here on Grond?”
“We just took out a gang of elves!” Wolfie boasted.
“We lost some homies, too.” Bulldog said. “This place, it ain’t the best place to be in. How long have you been here?”
“About a month.”
“Then you know already, how fucked up this place is.”
Gordon nodded. “Yeah, I do know. This is a fucked up place.”

“My name is Rex, don’t make me flex,” The teen rapped. “Come at me and you’ll get wrecked! Turn an old ho young with the slippy-slippy slide, you heard that ho moan all day and night! The elves came up, and the elves went down, me and my boys from Stoner Town! Don’t come up and disrespect, or you’ll end up with my boot on your neck! Yeah!”
At first, the various bands of criminals, outcasts and general riffraff in Sendoah didn’t know what to think of the young man’s strange idea of singing. As the days went by, however, it became a new novelty, something the Earth men had that nobody else did, and the unique style started to grow on the rest. Not only Rex, but also Acer and Wolfie would take the stage, so to speak, and deliver their intense lines to the audience, riling them up and giving them fervor. The humans from Earth were expected to brag, actually, after destroying the band of corrupt elves that had been stealing and tormenting many of them for months now.
Rex stood tall with his arms stretched out, his signal that his rap was finished. Bear men, pig-men, reptilians and others clapped their appreciation, until the teen sauntered back to where his peers sat.
“You’re going to make some money tonight.” Moses nodded. The young black had been chewing on a lot of betel nuts recently, resulting in an orange tinge on his teeth.
Their unofficial treasurer Bulldog went around the many campfires, holding out a basket and asking the audience for tips. Elves and dwarves and all else tossed a coin or two in, not worth much individually, but coming to a nice amount all put together. The reason many of the spectators donated was because they knew Bulldog would hold a raffle later. The winner, and the winner’s clan, would get a full barrel of beer the next evening, more than they could afford on their own. Any money left over was going toward much needed house repairs.
“Hey, Wolfie,” Acer prodded at the half-drunk gangster. “You going to hook up with a prostitute tonight?”
“Nah, I’m just drinking tonight.” Wolfie replied. “Besides, if I get any urges, I’ve still got Mog to fall back on. Know what I mean?”
“I don’t know about a chick that can take her fucking head off.” Moses shook his head.
“She’d be a kick on Halloween!” Acer laughed.
“Not for me she wouldn’t!” Moses made a face.
“Tonight, I’m going to do her with her head off!” Wolfie declared.
“Don’t do it.” Moses grimaced. “Seriously, don’t do it. And if you do it, don’t tell me about it. There are some things I’d like to keep out of my head.”
Bulldog returned and dropped the basket on the ground beside Rex. “We got less money than last night, but we should have enough for tomorrow’s barrel. You hear me, fool?”
“Yeah, I heard you.” Rex said. “I was just thinking; I made an old woman young again. That’s some crazy shit to brag about. Too bad I can’t tell any of my homies back on Earth.”
“You think Gordon is banging her right now?” Acer wondered. “Those two are always staying in the tent together.”
“Supposedly, they’re just talking.” Moses shrugged.
“I think Mog is cheating on us.” Wolfie decided.
“She’s not cheating on us.” Rex dismissed the idea. “I told Mog she could do whatever she wanted, so it’s technically not cheating to begin with. She said she has enough men in her life with Wolfie and me. I believe her.”
“Who wants a prostitute tonight?” Bulldog offered.
“I do.” Acer said. “I haven’t decided on human or elf yet.”
“Are we doing anything else tonight” Rex inquired.
Bulldog shrugged. “Not unless you pick a fight with somebody. All I really need to do is get somebody from tonight’s winning clan to choose the raffle winner for tomorrow night. That’s it.”
“I think I’m going to turn in then.” Rex got to his feet. Several members from the fires next to theirs cheered for him. “See you guys later.”
“Hey, I’ll go with you.” Moses said.
Their four Cuy-Cuh friends got up with them, intending to escort the two Earth men home. They must have had a weird social order in their native lands, Rex figured. The Cuy-Cuhs were resigned, and willing even, to always show subservience to someone else. They’d seemed timid and unproductive at first, enough that other clans picked on them. Once the men of Earth had accepted them, however, the attitude of the Cuy-Cuh changed drastically. The Earth men had killed several elves and chased off the rest. It was the Cuy-Cuh who had taken the initiative. They’d gone into the forest to track down the remaining elves, and also the rogue humans who had participated in the attack. The Cuy-Cuh had caught the murderers and killed them, and they’d brought their heads back as proof. They always did what the Earth men told them to. They ate last, drank last and took prostitutes last, as if the Earth men were the masters and the native men were somehow honoring themselves by serving them.
“Itolo, did you eat well tonight?” Rex asked their leader.
“I did, yes, Rex. Thank you.”
“Then why do you still look so skinny?”
“I am not a woman to look pregnant!” Itolo replied, loud enough that his fellows heard him and laughed about it.
Rex didn’t like the feeling that the natives were willing servants for him, or even slaves. He’d tried to dissuade them from acting that way, and so had Moses, but so far neither man had made a dent in the natives’ attitude.
The Cuy-Cuh carried wooden daggers and blowguns. They’d paired off; two walked beside Rex and the remainder with Moses. They would escort the Earth men all the way back to the tent-house, before they returned to the campfire to hang out with the others.
“You going to make Mog take her head off?” Moses wondered.
“No, I’m not going to do that!” Rex chuckled.

Rex dismissed his supposed bodyguards upon reaching the door. The tiger-man wasn’t at the doorstep this time; he was probably out hunting. Ever since the elven threat had been taken care of, Riss didn’t need to be as vigilant as before. The former cop Gordon and the former Old Hag Mog were sitting across the room from each other as Rex and Moses entered.
“Hey, guys.” Gordon greeted. “What’s cooking?”
“Nothing much.” Moses said. “We got our drink on, Rex did a little rap for us. That’s about all of it. Nothing major, nothing danger.”
Moses sat close to the stove for warmth, while Rex went to sit next to Mog.
“What were you guys talking about?” Rex wondered.
“Mog was just telling me about her ex-husband Endrick.” Gordon answered. “He sounds like quite a hero.”
“You mean Endrick is like a real guy?” Moses asked. “I thought Mog made him up with all those crazy poems she sings about him.”
“According to Mog, Endrick is very real.” Gordon nodded. “But he’s not here. Apparently, Endrick is lost in time somewhere.”
“This is true.” Mog confirmed.
“Yeah, yeah.” Rex remembered. “Mog said she was with a bunch of people trying to save the world way back when. They got caught up in some magic trap that swallowed like a whole county or something. Mog said she got out only because her goddess let her out.”
“Because the magic protecting me was more powerful than the magic of the Savage Lands.” Mog corrected. “I didn’t get out, as you say, but I was led out. Besides, I wasn’t doing anybody any good anyway, not in my old and ugly form.”
“Wolfie never thought you were ugly.” Moses mentioned. “Even when you were really, really old.”
“And a condition of your release from the evil trap was that you would forget about your husband Endrick?” Gordon surmised.
“No, Endrick hadn’t been my husband for a long time by then.” Mog reminisced. “I was more of a burden for him than anything else. Those are times I don’t wish to bring back into my memory. It is enough to say that Artemia told me to get as far away from the Savage Lands as possible, and to wait until the time came for me to do something worthy.”
“Something like what?” Gordon asked.
“I don’t know. I cannot speculate how a goddess will guide me.”
“Wait.” Rex connected the fragments. “You’re saying that Endrick is a real man, and that’s he’s stuck in time somewhere? Why wouldn’t your goddess try to get those people out if they’re so important to her?”
“It will never be that simple.” Mog explained. “Something changed today with magic could affect the tomorrow or the yesterday of something else. If I had stayed in the Savage Lands, I would have been sucked right back into that black pit of death and despair. Artemia said go, and I went. I asked, is this far enough? She said no, go further. When I reached the coast of Serdica, I asked, is this far enough? She said no, go further still. When I crossed the Guadrian Ocean and landed on the shores of this continent, what do you think Artemia told me?”
“No, go further.” Moses answered.
“There you are. I went and went and went. I didn’t dare go further than the Bear Lands because the bears would probably eat me, even if I was old and haggard. Choke their throats with my bones if they did!”
Mog wasn’t the prettiest girl, Rex noted, but she was warm and cozy to be around. He liked her stories and wit and sense of humor. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Mog had de-virginized him. He didn’t love her exactly, but he did like having her around.
“Mog, are you like a million years old or something?” Moses asked.
“What is that word?” The woman asked. “I’ve never heard it before.”
“The translation magic isn’t perfect.” Gordon said. “Moses is asking if you’re a thousand years old.”
“Oh, more than that!” Mog chuckled. “I was there when Atronia was founded! So was Endrick! We were there for the arrival of Gladius!”
“She’s gone off the deep end again.” Moses said.
“Hold on.” Gordon said. “Mog, I spoke with the sorcerers of Erranth. They told me a little about Atronia. According to Erranthan history, Atronia is, I don’t know, well over a thousand years in the past.”
“More than that!” She replied.
“She’s crazy.” Moses said.
“I don’t know if she is.” Gordon frowned. “What I do know is that she can probably describe Atronia better than those sorcerers could. How can she possibly know the name of a nation that existed that long ago? The wizards of Erranth didn’t know Atronia even existed until only a couple years ago, when they went on an expedition to find a lost city! And don’t give me any nonsense about her making a lucky guess.”
“Nope, nope.” Moses insisted. “She’s crazy and that’s all there is to it!”

Rex didn’t sleep well that night. He was tossing and turning a lot, dreaming about getting lost in a forest that had no way out. To make matters worse, the rest of the homies got home at around midnight, on a world that had shorter days than Earth. Most of the late carousers went straight to bed, but not Wolfie.
“Hey, Rex, scoot over.” The thug jostled the tagger awake.
“What are you doing?” Rex yawned.
“I told the hookers to stay away, but that one elf girl just had to come by to rub her skinny ass on me. I have to take my frustrations out on Mog.”
“Man, I had just fallen asleep, too.”
“So? Take some of that sleeping potion Mog always makes for us. Just give me like ten minutes, okay? I got things to take care of!”
Mog could make a lot of noise if Wolfie gave her a good throttle. Knowing that, Rex made his way out of the tent, through a real door with a real wooden frame and not a giant collection of splinters anymore. He was surprised to find Bulldog and Moses sitting out there talking.
“What are you guys doing out here?” He asked.
“Sharing betel nuts.” Moses answered. “You want some?”
“Seriously, you need to stop chewing so much of that shit.” Rex warned. “You’re going to get addicted to it like all the lumberjacks. You already have the orange teeth.”
“Moses was just telling me about what Mog said, about heroes being lost in time.” Bulldog mentioned. “That’s some crazy stuff, ain’t it? You think it’s true?”
“Naw, it can’t be true!” Moses replied.
“I wasn’t asking you.” Bulldog said. “I was asking Rex. Besides, if Gordon is taking this shit seriously, maybe we should too. What do you think, Rex?”
“If you told me a few months ago that I’d be on a medieval planet with reptile-men, I would have told you to stop smoking crack.” Rex remarked.
“But do you think Mog is telling the truth?”
“I really don’t know. If I hadn’t seen her take her head off at the neck, with my own eyes, I still wouldn’t believe she could actually do it.”
“And you’re still boning that ho.” Moses made a face. “You’re all sick, you know that?”
“Not me.” Bulldog said. “I didn’t bone her.”
“Well, Rex and Wolfie did, and they’re both still boning her even after they know the truth. If you ask me, that’s twisted shit!”
“I don’t get it.” Rex shrugged. “Even if it is true about this Endrick guy, what are we supposed to do about it?”
Bulldog looked at Rex and Moses as if they’d gone loopy. “I think the two of you are getting too comfortable with being here. Do you want to stay in Sendoah forever?”
“Do we have a choice?” Moses asked.
“You always have a choice, until you’re behind bars or six feet under. Say it is true, and Mog’s goddess tells Mog that she’s on a mission. As soon as Mog hears that, she is getting out of here. What does that mean for us? It means are we going to stay here in this prisoner camp, or do we want to go with her to find people like us?”
“We’re doing okay in Sendoah.” Moses said.
“Yeah, we are.” Rex seconded. “Compared to the life I had in San Diego, I like this place a lot better. I do my work, I get paid, I chill out and I get laid.”
“That’s what I’m saying.” Moses nodded.
“That’s not the life for me.” Bulldog replied. “I’m here to wreck shit up. I know how to put a plan together like moving pieces around on a chessboard. Mog knows how to get around the forest by herself, but I can punch a fool in his neck until he gives up.”
“Why would you want to risk your life for Mog?” Moses asked.
“If what she’s saying is true, a goddess is going to send her on a mission to save the heroes that are supposed to save this planet.” Bulldog said. “Why don’t you let that sink into that brick head of yours? A goddess needs her lost heroes to save this fucking planet! A fucking goddess!”
“Give me my money, my beer and a woman every once in a while, and I’ll be happy.” Moses replied.
Bulldog walked off by himself, shaking his head.
“That fool is as crazy as Mog.” Moses said.
“I know.” Rex agreed.
“If Bulldog wants to be a hero, he can go right ahead and do it. I’m not dying for anybody.”
“Yeah.” Rex nodded. “No shit.”

Only a couple of days later, the entire camp went into an uproar. Two wagons filled with Erranthan soldiers arrived, with a captain that immediately conferred with local captains. All of a sudden, every quick-brain was recruited to lead squads of slow-brains around cleaning the place up and making last minute repairs. Thanks to the fleet-footed Cuy-Cuh messengers, the Stoner Town group was kept informed of the goings on.
“Some big general is coming.” Rex told the others. “I guess he was in charge of Sendoah before, and then he went to fight in the war against the pig-men, and now he’s coming back.”
“Is that all?” Bulldog asked. “That’s why we’re doing all this hard work? Shit!”
There was more to it, as the following day four pig-men on horses arrived. They too went to meet with the Erranthan captains.
“I thought the pigs and the reptilians were enemies.” Moses commented at that night’s get-together.
“So did I.” Wolfie added.
“Where are the Cuy-Cuh?” Bulldog asked. “How come they’re not here?”
The four men did show up, in the company of Mog. They took their seats around the fire with the rest of the young men.
“What’s going on?” Rex asked.
Mog motioned for Itolo to go first.
“We do not know the large of it, only the small.” The small man revealed. “The entire camp is being reorganized and kept from working. All Erranthan soldiers, even the soldiers on patrol, will come to Sendoah for General Mo-Dahk’s arrival. We believe great changes are coming, but we do not know the reasons.”
“What are the pig-men doing here?” Moses inquired.
“We do not know.” Itolo answered.
“Let me speculate on that.” Mog spoke up. “These pig-men wearing vests, they are the biggest and boldest men of the Serdican army. You see that they ride horses. That is because the Serdican have mastered the horse, while the slower Erranthan have not. The Serdicans may look like pigs, but they are all quick-brains, as quick-brained as humans. Itolo thinks great changes are afoot. Think about that. Why would an Erranthan general come to reorganize the camp, and only one day later, Serdican quick-brains show their faces here?”
“They need wood.” Moses guessed.
“Think, you soft-headed tree stump!” Mog admonished the young man. “During the war, many soldiers and many prisoners were sent to fight for Erranth. When the war ended, they all came back. Sendoah is sending plenty of materials to Erranth. Again I ask, why are the Serdican quick-brains showing their faces now?”
“They need more wood than before.” Bulldog said. “And probably more stone, too. The pig-men are here to figure out how to get the resources ready faster.”
“”There! A good answer at last!” Mog pointed at him. “Why did we send more wood and stone to Erranth?”
“Because Erranth was fighting with Serdica.” Bulldog followed along.
“And if Serdica is now united with Erranth, why would we need to send more wood and stone to Erranth?”
“To rebuild whatever was destroyed.” Moses spoke first.
Bulldog shook his head. “No, that can’t be right because the reptilians can rebuild their own shit without help from the pigs.”
“So Erranth and Serdica are working together, and they need more resources.” Rex had a turn. “Maybe they’re fighting somebody else?”
“But who?” Mog entertained the idea. “Erranth is a medium-sized kingdom, while Serdica is a much larger kingdom. Who are the enemies of Erranth? Not the Cuy-Cuh or the Nubians, because those people are tribal sorts who barely get along with their own kin. Those tribes are not quick-brained enough to join together and form a large empire.”
“The reptilians don’t need the pigs to help them fight against the human tribes.” Bulldog surmised. “That means the reptilians are probably helping the Serdicans fight their enemies that are across the ocean.”
“Well and good!” Mog replied. “And who are the enemies of Serdica? They have none, not in this place and time. Serdica can march for a hundred miles south and they’ll find the southern mountains covered with ice before they find another army. Serdica can also march two thousand miles north and find no good adversary. When they do stop at the cold north, they’ll only find their allies the Log-Nom who have come from across the northern mountains.”
“If the Serdican don’t have enemies in this time and place, then what enemies are they preparing to fight?” An impatient Rex asked.
“The same, the same,” Mog sang out. “Serdica and the Savage Lands are the same! The pigs will come. The pigs will go. Who they fight we do not know! Could this be the sign I seek? Will I once again my husband meet?”
“She’s going batty again.” Moses chuckled.
Gordon had been listening to everything with a keen ear. “If all the heroes are stuck in a time portal with no exit, chances are the people I’m looking for are in there too.”
“You’re not falling for this shit, are you?” Moses frowned.
“I’ve been places.” Gordon said. “Places you wouldn’t believe, places a lot worse than what we’ve seen so far in Erranth.”
“Mog, if you go, I’m going too.” Bulldog decided.
“Don’t forget about me.” Wolfie chimed in.
“Aw, you’re all going batty!” Moses berated them.
“And you’re becoming a drug addict.” Gordon pointed out.
Acer looked to Rex. “How ‘bout it, dick?”
Rex shook his head. “No thanks. I’m staying right here where things are safe.”

Things were safe, but they didn’t stay that way for long. Over the next couple of days, twice as many water and supply wagons than usual arrived. The Erranthan soldiers were taken off their patrols and put into camps of one hundred men each. This caused the rowdy bears to get bolder with the lumberjacks until fights broke out. Safety meant staying home, Rex soon realized, instead of going out and risking a brawl to the death with an angry bear.
When General Mo-Dahk entered the picture, things got even worse. The general gave the bears an ultimatum: stop harassing the workers or else. The bears sneered in his face and shit before the command building. Everyone knew things were about to explode, but it didn’t happen on that first day. Instead, it happened the day after, when the first of the Serdican troops arrived. Mo-Dahk gave the command. The reptilians and the pig-men were ordered to hunt down any bears that refused to comply with the stated orders. A massacre started up in the woods, but the tension wasn’t over yet.
Nearly out of breath, Itolo came running into the Stoner Town tent-house. “I have news! The Serdican are preparing a census of all people here in Sendoah. They plan on reassigning all workers to other tasks.”
“What kind of tasks?” Bulldog wondered.
“It depends on whether the worker is quick-brain or slow. Quick-brains will be put in positions to oversee production of materials and distribution of supplies. Slow-brains will be put to work elsewhere.”
“That sounds like the soldiers are taking over all the woodcutting and hewing of stone.” Gordon figured.
“This is true.” Itolo confirmed. “Soldiers will do the hardest labor. Civilians will be put to work on menial overseeing duties.”
“That’s a good thing, right?” Moses grinned.
“I must go now.” Itolo hurried out.
“If we want to make our move, now is probably a good time.” Bulldog announced, once the runner had gone.
“What kind of move?” Moses wondered.
“Leaving Sendoah.”
“Stay or go, you do what you will.” Mog said. “I will start off east in the morning. My goddess will send me her signs when she will, and I will follow them.”
“We can’t just leave.” Wolfie spoke up. “The moment the soldiers figure out we’re gone, they’ll come hunting for us.”
“Not if we have a good excuse for leaving.” Bulldog replied. “We’re not prisoners, remember? We never were! We escaped from Erranth and came here, right, and when we got here, all we said was that Sorcerer Arak sent us here. Why don’t we start spreading the story that Arak wants us to go back to Erranth? Nobody will question that. With all these carts and wagons coming in, and all these couriers and new soldiers setting up tents all over the place, I bet nobody will figure out we even left.”
“And where are you going to go?” Moses scoffed. “You’ll be starving out there in two days. Mog doesn’t know what she’s talking about. You’re better off staying here.”
“I don’t follow tracks, tracks follow me!” Mog cackled.
“Somebody explain to me what she just said.” Rex requested.
“I’m going.” Gordon sounded determined.
“Count me in.” Bulldog nodded. “And Wolfie.”
“Fuck it, I’ll go.” Acer decided. “I’ll go outside and talk to Riss. I bet you a quarter-barrel that he’s going too. How about it, Rex? Are you in or out?”
Rex looked to Moses, who lay on his back looking stoned from chewing all those betel nuts. Everybody besides the young black man was ready to bolt. “I guess I’m in.”
“We can be ready in two days.” Bulldog calculated. “We’ll stock up on dried food and water. We’ll fill up some traveling gear and tell everybody that we’re headed back to Erranth, and we’ll be on our way before anybody wises up about it. It’ll work!”

#####


Story Starters

Okay, you may have heard of these goofs that think their story idea, which is only one or two sentences long, is destined to become a Hollywood blockbuster or a New York Times bestseller. These are the goofs that jump up and down crying out, so and so author stole my idea! First off, if their idea was so incredibly awesome, why aren’t they sitting down and writing their screenplay or novel? I have come across too many non-writers who think creative writing appears like magic, and the cash flow will always follow like a magnet, or a flood. That’s not the way it works, folks. There is a lot of hard work and research, and a lot of time sacrificed from other things, like a social life, that go into producing a finished written work. After that, there is a further obstacle in marketing the work and hoping the public will one day discover it.
I have, right now, 280 pages worth of story ideas that are sitting around doing nothing except gathering digital dust. I’m going to present some of these ideas in this magazine, because if I can’t get to them, maybe they can inspire you to write something. If you do, I’ll put your story here in my magazine. As a further incentive, if you find anything in my magazines that inspires you into writing a story, do it. That’s how writing works: you read something, you see something, and you write something as a result. See my Contribute section for how you can get your writing to me.
Here is the Story Starter for this issue. Can you do anything with it?

#####

Karconnen Warning

Original notes, date unknown: original, a female bounty hunter searches for her abducted lover, taken prisoner by a dark magician who wields power over demon spirits. The cat woman finds the body of her mate, and in turn succumbs to a similar fate.

12.12.08 - although this short doesn’t do much, fragments of it might work into the Ranth storyline, perhaps this cat woman is a bounty hunter after our heroes, or perhaps she somehow believes they are indirectly responsible for the death of her lover, not sure yet, names need revising, but could be usable.

03.01.09 – the Ranth angle is looking more agreeable, maybe she even joins up with the good guys after some altercation

02.10.10 – with the advent of the cognizant animal forms, this story becomes more viable, and thus, should be dated shortly after the demise of Avalon, and the near genocide of the human race, title has to go no matter what (as in change the damn title! - RT)

09.24.19 - I don’t know when I first came up with this idea, but it was probably in the neighborhood of 2000 -2001 when I was brainstorming at a job with a lot of downtime. The ‘Ranth’ idea of a medieval kingdom has been incorporated into my series The Savage Lands. You’ll find references to it as ‘Erranth’ in this issue’s SL8 Excerpt.
The following is a complete short story already, highlighting where my writing was at the time. The ending is a little on the negative side so, hmm, maybe I’ll bump that up into the ‘happy ending’ level a little. Not much though, because the visuals are already pretty good.
Okay, so this month’s Story Starter will be more of a rewrite than a completely new story, but that’s cool with me. I do have my head full of information at the moment, since I am about 70% done with not one but two novels, including SL8, so I don’t want to disrupt my thought process too much. I’ve read my rough draft once, I will read it again and then take a ten-minute break. When I return, let’s see what direction I take it.

Vezhyl’s heavy eyes opened to reveal the cool morning mist. The moist dew had collected on her whiskers, and as she aroused herself from the deep slumber, her senses warned her that everything was not right.
The hunter rapidly tossed aside the bearskin blanket, and its accompanying warmth, and was instantly on her feet. She stood poised and alert, the ivory handled dagger having left her waist pouch and now residing tightly in her grip.
No alien sound reached her acute ears, save for the chirping of birds nearby. The slender catwoman slowly scanned the trees and shrubbery, searching for anything unusual in her perimeter.
Then she saw it.
The thin leather rope was strung  between two small shrubs, a thin length in its middle holding a dark, dripping object. It was a Karconnen warning.
As she approached the threat, Vezhyl could feel her throat drying and tightening. She knew she should not near the object, for the wizard Faahliim had told her of its evil powers.
But she had to know. She stepped closer to it, feeling the malignant forces tugging at her inner soul. Her insides churned repulsively, and she forced herself to step forth again.
The realization racked her brain violently. Her heart cried out for her lover, for the suspended object was Rendel’s mind, ripped out of its skull, and dipped in Karconnen sacrificial blood. It hung there, revolving slightly, the nerves leading to the eyes still in place, and they, staring lifelessly back at her.
Painful tears stung at her cheeks, and she understood what she must next do. She knew the fate that awaited her if she came any closer to the evil, and she accepted the consequences fully.
The golden amulet was already weak, and as she moved nearer to the sacrifice, she could sense the malignant spirits swirling around her body. The decision she had made was irrevocable; it was a pact with the Beast itself.
The strength was torn away from her body, and she dropped to her knees weakly. The spirits pounced on her, mercilessly, Achelle taking the lead. His teeth sank into the catwoman’s shoulder, opening flesh, and drawing blood.
Instantly, Achelle retreated for the huntress might have lured him out to destroy him. But Vezhyl only shuddered, then raised her head bravely.
The demon raced in for the kill, his jaws clamping around her throat, his claws ripping at her face.
The other spirits, tired of leering back, hungrily rushed in, fighting for the best parts.
In less than a minute, the demons had devoured her.

#####

Vee, The Bounty Hunter

Her name was Veez-ha, but most who knew her called her Vee for short. She was a Felinian, a cat woman from the lowlands of Ha-Navas, hence the ha portion of her name. Vee had short fur colored in strong gray, with a good balance of black stripes on her limbs and back, and a lighter gray on her front, most noticeable from her chest to her sex. Felinians were usually hunters who stayed in their homelands, but not Vee. She needed more of a challenge to her life, and so did her mate Kluh-ha, whom most called simply Kloo. They were good trackers, both of them, good enough that humans hired them to find lost livestock, to recover goods, and every so often, as on this occasion, to become bounty hunters and bring fugitives to justice.
Vee could never understand the evil that men wrought upon other men. Her people were not like that. They did fight, of course, because everyone fought, but they were communal folk that understood the necessity of hunting together and building together for the common good. Her people would never have entertained the violent thoughts these criminals had, or acted upon, such as killing a poor man for his wagon full of rye stalks, and raping that man’s young wife while the little ones watched. Kloo and Vee had been hired to find those men and capture them, but if that were not easily done, to kill the men and return with their bodies, so that a human shaman could curse their souls into black stones, and cast those stones into the depths of the sea so they would never be reborn again.
The night before, Kloo had argued with his mate. They were told they were hunting only two men, but the report was wrong. As the Felinians tracked their way through the forbidding woods, they picked up two additional scents. Four against two was bad odds, Vee knew, especially when her kind wasn’t as strong as humans to begin with. Felinians were faster than humans, Kloo debated with her. They could use their claws while the men fumbled to draw weapons. They could use their fangs if need be.
“No!” Vee protested. “We need at least one more on our side!”
Kloo was adamant, even forceful in his determination. Vee knew the reason why. Her mate had taken to chewing the Ohka leaf, the same leaf that addicted humans and left their minds addled, the same leaf that was sold at each and every human market they’d ever come to. Kloo claimed he was immune to its degrading effects, but he was wrong. Over the last few weeks, she’d seen the way the Ohka leaf had changed her mate. Hiring another bounty hunter meant less reward for the two of them, and Kloo would not have it because his addiction was so great. He’d gone off alone to scout their quarry, leaving Vee behind to wait.
She waited all night for Kloo’s return, but he never came.
The coolness of the morning mist woke her. Dew had collected on her long whiskers even, and on her fur, even way up in the tree the Felinian had climbed the night before to find shelter. Her senses were sharp, another advantage she had over humans. Vee used them, her sight, hearing and smell, to confirm that the quarry was still nearby.
Something was not right. Kloo was nearby, her nose told her, but she also scented blood, a coppery, irony smell that was distinct from the smell of human blood. The blood was from her kind, Vee understood.
Right away, the Felinian retrieved her small travel pouch and dropped from the tree, landing on her padded feet with as much noise as a leaping deer would make. Vee stayed crouched, listening for sounds of detection. None were heard, prompting her to move quickly.
Felinians were markedly different than humans. Their limbs were not short enough to run swiftly the way true cats ran, but she could leap and scatter the same, much faster than men. Vee sighted a good spot and jumped to it, circling around where she suspected her quarry was. When she spotted the ruts from the stolen wagon, taken away from the road for better hiding, the smell of cat blood grew stronger.
“Keep your head straight.” Vee muttered. “Kloo might only be hurt, not dead.”
She tried to convince herself of this, but she knew better. Felinian pelts were more valuable at market than captured, living Felinians.
For the next handful of minutes, Vee moved parallel to the wagon tracks, drawing closer by only inches as she tried to gauge the situation. She heard two men talking, moved through brush as silently as a snake, peering through the gaps of leaves and branches.
Vee saw the broad back of a man. He was sitting on a fallen tree, his arms moving, too far for the cat woman to see what he was doing. As she moved aside for a better look, the big man tossed a bloody piece of meat to another, thinner man. Vee shuddered. The man was skinning an animal, and that animal’s fur was the same color as Kloo’s. Vee wanted to scream, to run at that cruel man and claw at his back until his bones showed.
“Are we going to cook this or not?” The thin man pressed, not at the sitting man but at someone else.
They were four, Vee reminded herself, four and not two. Keep your head straight! The wagon, where was the wagon?
“We’ll cook them at noontime.” An old woman’s cracked voice was heard.
“But I’m hungry now!” The thin man persisted.
“First, we put some land between us and that last town. You think that creature was hunting us alone? The rest of them are probably a few stone throws away, and you want to sit here filling up your belly when they walk over to greet you?”
The assumption was probable, Vee knew. Usually, humans only hired a single Felinian for tracking. It was unusual for two cat folk to hunt together, with no human men following close behind. Kloo and Vee hunted together only because they were mates. It was rare, in fact, for a cat woman to leave her homelands. Vee tried to scent the old woman, but Kloo’s body and blood had filled the air. She had to move closer to the wagon for a better view. Luckily, the thin man was still complaining. The old woman’s attention fell on him.
She was a witch, Vee felt, as the old woman wore a black cloak with designs of fading white skulls filling up both sleeves. The cloak came with a hood, but this was rumpled up behind the woman’s head, showing her wrinkled face and gray hair. She was old, but not as old as her voice suggested. Her brow was set into a permanent scowl, her nose hooked and ugly.
“I’ll eat the bloody arm raw, I will!” The thin man threatened.
Vee’s stomach churned. Felinians were considered people, and people should not be eaten under penalty of death. Little did that matter out here in the wild, where people did as they wished away from the eyes of the law.
“Eat it and I’ll cause you to vomit out your stomach!” The old woman threatened. “Give me until noon to gather up my magic. I’ll put a hiding spell on us, so that not even these cat creatures can find us.”
The thin man wanted to continue arguing.
“Eat the last of the seeds.” The big man told him.
“Do I look like a bird to you?”
“Let her gather her magic.” The big man answered. “We’ll be out of these god-cursed woods in no time. Once we sell the load at the next town, you can eat what you’d like.”
“Oh, and is one wagon full of rye enough to net us a fortune?” The thin man griped.
“Hang the meat off the side of the wagon to bleed it out, and shut your mouth!”
As the thin man trudged over with Kloo’s limbs, Vee drew away from the thick brush and moved closer to the wagon. She was looking for that elusive fourth person, finding a young man, an old boy really, sitting on the wagon’s open back. He had black hair and looked as vengeful as the old woman. Vee was struck upon seeing the boy’s eyes, as they were an unusual gray in color.
“Get it done quickly!” The old woman shouted. “They can’t be that far behind us!”
A difficult fight, Vee calculated, even if she had Kloo at her side. Her emotions started to shake her from the inside. With trouble, she quelled them.
“They could be around us now.” The boy said. His voice was an old man’s voice, creaky and sharp. “Watching us.”
The woman glanced at the boy first, and next at the brush around them. She called out to the men again. “Hurry it up! He’s right, they could be watching us now!”
“What about the skinning?” The big man wondered.
“Forget the god-cursed skinning!” The old woman growled back. “Do it in the bed of the wagon, once we are rolling off! We must leave this place at once!”
They would be harder to track once they were in motion, Vee knew. The horse hitched to the wagon was a slow walker, but even its slow walk could outdistance her pace over time. If the witch cast her spell, and it was a good spell, there was the strong possibility that Vee might lose the small band altogether. This might be her only chance to act.
Vee crept away from the wagon, deeper into the brush. Her pouch had leather thongs that could tie around her waist. Since she carried no bladed weapon, as they would have weighed her speed down, Vee had brought along three small throwing darts with tips dipped in poison. As she changed her position to get closer to the men, her movements caused a handful of birds to stop chirping and flutter away from the trees.
“They’re here already!” The old woman barked.
Vee was not in a good position for quarrel, but she felt that she had no choice. She leapt through the brush, making too much noise. As she landed, she let the momentum take her body lower. Vee burst up again, her legs like a clockmaker’s spring. The bigger man had just gotten up from his grisly task, had just started to turn, his eyes not honing in on the Felinian yet.
The cat woman jumped on his back. With one fierce slash, she ripped the man’s throat apart. Hardly had he started to gasp, when Vee was in motion again. The thin man was lugging about a bloody torso, Kloo’s torso. He dropped it and went for the dagger at his side. By letting the torso fall, the man had inadvertently given Vee a wide chest to strike at. She ripped at his shirt and flesh, causing him to fall down. The man’s dagger was out, cutting through empty air as he expected Vee to fall on top of him. The cat woman kicked at the man’s forearm, not enough to force the weapon loose, but enough that she could drop and smash her knee on his arm. She ripped at his face by accident. Her next strike went at his throat, ending him.
Vee moved again, knowing she had to keep in motion to avoid the witch, and the magic the witch wielded. Vee leapt into the brush, scratching her limbs in the process, until a thin but sturdy tree trunk pummeled at her outer thigh and sent her sprawling.
“God-cursed cats!” The old woman was heard screeching. “Who will drive the wagon now? I won’t do it!”
Vee felt a rush of cold air coming through the brush. It was magic, the cat woman knew, but what sort of magic she did not know. Keep away from it at any cost, Vee thought, leaping while barely looking at where she might land. Behind her, leaves tore off branches and branches cracked and bent. Trees groaned.
She leapt into the air, towards a larger tree, kicking off its trunk and sending herself into another tangle of leaves, but thankfully not into the thicket that stood beside it. The cat woman heard the boy with the old man’s voice laughing. Something landed with a thud onto the ground just a few yards away. It was Kloo’s head, dirty, its eyes already gouged out, its mouth wide open.
“I have Ohka leaves!” The old man’s voice taunted.
They thought she was as addicted as her mate had been. The emotions of Kloo’s loss threatened to take her over, to ruin her, but she fended them off.
“You want the leaves?” The old man in a boy’s body asked.
“Yes, I want them!” Vee lied. “Give them to me!”
Addicts were stupid, she knew. They would walk off a cliff if they thought Ohka leaves would be found at the bottom.
“Come closer!” The old woman demanded. “Can you drive a god-cursed wagon?”
“Here, as many leaves as you want!” The other one offered.
“Give them to me!” Vee shouted, before moving. She felt the wave of cold, vicious air tearing through the foliage just behind her. “Stop that! Give me the leaves!”
In her haste, Vee cracked leaves and twigs, revealing to the two exactly where she was. She saw a clearing toward the horse end of the wagon. She leapt to it, spooking the horse into making noise, but stopping only long enough to leap to another good spot.
“Don’t freeze the horse, mother!” The boy-old man shouted.
“I am not the imbecile you are!” The old woman countered.
Another good jump and Vee was behind them. She went into her pouch, drawing out a poisoned dart and throwing it. The dart gave the old woman only a glancing blow, as she’d turned at the last moment.
The woman yelped. “The creature is throwing rocks at me!”
“So throw rocks back, you old fool!” The boy-old man scolded.
Vee’s second dart struck the old woman’s side. Its tip was sharp enough to cut through the coarse cloak she wore. The poison needed only graze the skin to be effective.
“What is this?” The old woman cried out. “A bee sting? A wasp sting? Look, look, a dart!”
“What dart?” The boy-old man stood at the bed of the wagon, peering down at the old woman. “Is it really a dart?”
The woman pulled it from her cloak, holding it out to show her companion. “What is this? Has it... Has it been poisoned?” She sank to her knees. “A magical poison! It saps my strength in a breath! What poison is this? Take it away!”
The old woman fell forward, bracing her body with her outstretched arms. In another moment, she was on her side, heaving for breath.
“Take it away!” She cried out, her voice rapidly failing. “Take it away!”
The boy-old man was still on the wagon, staring, his eyes diverted only when Vee leapt out before him.
“You’ve killed my mother!” He shouted at her. “What am I supposed to do now?”
Vee had her last dart in hand. Before she could use it, the boy threw a small black box at her. The box was edged all over in gold. As it struck the ground, the top fell off and a large mist of smoke came from it.
“Rip her apart, Akelle!” The boy demanded. “Rip her into pieces like you did the other one!”
The smoke grew black arms, many of them, that grabbed at Vee. They took hold of her throat, her sides, her arm. When she tried to pull away, more arms grabbed at her legs. Only the arm that held the dart was still free.
“Go into her mouth, Akelle!” The boy shouted, his fists raised up. “Eat her from the inside out! I will reward you!”
The smoke came at Vee’s face. Her first reaction was to stab it with her dart, and to struggle against it, but neither action had any effect. The smoke felt grainy and sharp as it rubbed against her flesh. It smothered at her ear, at the side of her face.
The cat woman only had one choice. She tried to wrench her body free, succeeding in loosening only half of it. Her feet planted firmly, Vee aimed and let fly her last dart. The smoke tried to catch it, but the dart went past before it could. The boy-old man was still standing, ogling the fight, receiving the dart in the center of the chest. Vee could not have hoped for a better strike.
The smoke didn’t care that its master would soon be dead. It hovered around her, vaporous until it chose to become solid. It caught her arms and legs, even as she struggled to move away from it. The smoke came at her face again, poking at her eyes, probing into her nose and mouth.
The boy-old man teetered on the edge of the wagon, before he tipped forward and came crashing to the ground.
“Look!” Vee cried out. “Your master is dead! You have no master! What is your name? Akelle, he said! Akelle, that is your name and now you have no master!”
The smoke paused its harassment of her. It didn’t want to let her go, but it was concerned over her words. Finally, its grip vanished, causing Vee to fall over as she’d been leaning far out of balance. The smoke drifted over to the fallen boy, as if expecting him to get back up to give it more orders. The boy heaved for a few seconds before, and like the old woman, he stopped breathing altogether.
“I’m your master now!” Vee called out. “Go back into your box! Go back in and stay there until you are called!”
Vee cringed when the smoke drifted toward her. It was only traveling to where the box was, fortunately. She watched it flow back into that small box. When the smoke was hidden, Vee pounced over and quickly put the top on.
“God curse your souls.” She said, as she glanced around at the many dead bodies, at the form of her mate that was no more. “God curse you all!”
In the distance, the birds were chirping again. Vee took no comfort in listening to them.

#####

Non-Fiction Section

I do a lot of research on a lot of different subjects, including history, mythology, metaphysics, politics and science. Much of my research coincides with whatever fiction project I’m currently working on, but sometimes I’ll break away from the pattern and head off in some other direction at random. I will study both mainstream and alternative sources, in the form of non-fiction books, documentaries, lectures and discussions, in trying to come up with a good basis to form my opinions on, or a good foundation for whatever concept I’m trying to incorporate into my stories. Often, I will write articles based on my research and state my sources, so that readers can see how I came to my conclusions.
I also enjoy going through a lot of entertainment media of many types, including written fiction, movies, cosplay, comic books, music, you name it. I do this for my creative writing to set the mood, if you will, or to see points of view on what others have done in certain genres, such as military science fiction, medieval costuming, zombies or whatever other subject I’m delving into.
As a result, I end up with a tremendous amount of notes that I can reference later, or media reviews that I can sort through if I want to stimulate my brain with science fiction, horror or any other particular genre. Many of these articles and reviews will also be found on either my writer’s blog or my conspiracy blog. (Links to both are found at the end of this magazine.) Since a lot of this information comes from online sources and Youtube videos, I recommend looking up any referenced articles or videos that interest you for additional resources and links. In general, my research and Truther posts will be found on the conspiracy blog, while all writing related stuff will be on the writer’s blog.

#####

Articles

#####

Before The Moon Existed

Article 4 - Article Reviews

In Part 1 of this series, I covered an introduction into this unorthodox subject, where I noted what is known about the composition of Earth, Mars, and the Moon. I went as far as suggesting that based on the similarity of what is found on the surfaces of both Mars and the Moon, perhaps the two planetary bodies were struck at the same time and during the same cosmic event. An alternative idea that falls under the Electric Universe Theory is that extreme electrical discharges might have also disrupted the atmospheres of those bodies and destroyed all life there, if there was any life on them to begin with.
In Part 2, I quoted a number of historians, most of them from ancient Greece, and with the greater majority of them referring to the even more ancient Arcadians, who existed before the Hellenes made their appearance in Greece. I also referred to the intriguing videos made by diligent amateur astronomer Crrow777, regarding incredible findings such as a holographic projection being maintained over the surface of the moon to prevent modern man from witnessing what is taking place up there.
Part 3 was a last minute add-on. The information was highly technical and provided by Russian scientist Khatib Alexander (also referred to as Hadybow). I only stumbled upon it thanks to watching a recent video by Crrow777. Most of my following articles will focus primarily on speculation with some mention of scientific observation and fact, but without many of the technical aspects.
In this continuing article, I will focus on speculation being put forth by researchers from various fields. Most of these researchers are largely ignored, and some are even ridiculed by those that blindly subscribe to whatever information the mainstream media, modern academia, or so-called educated specialists decide is appropriate to give to the masses. Without a doubt, there are living beings on Mars, the Mars’ moon Phobos, Comet P67, and our own Luna, and those are only the few that I’ve taken the time to research. Also, with the sole exception of Mars, I believe these other smaller objects to be artificial, as in free-floating and intelligently manned humongous spacecraft.
(Source articles are found in parenthesis. You can look them up for yourself on the Biblioteca Pleiades website.)

(Source: David Icke’s Moon Matrix Theory Explained) As I’ve recently viewed a couple of videos on this subject featuring David Icke, I’ll start with an article focusing on Icke’s book titled The Moon Matrix Theory Explained. In this article, the author mentions some of Icke’s conclusions. First of all, humanity was once much more Enlightened than we are today, in a period of time the ancient Greeks called ‘The Golden Age.’ This idea can be well corroborated through many sources, including ancient Egypt, and through the Indian, Mayan and Native American concepts of great cycles or ages, where man goes from being savage to intelligent to Enlightened, and back again to savage.
Next, Icke’s claim is that beings he calls the Reptilians have taken away our ability to become Enlightened. His idea is that the sun provides the energy required for our spiritual growth and maturity. The Reptilians are using the Moon to pull away much of the sun’s photons and therefore keep us with minimal awareness of who we as human beings really are. Further, the claim is made that the Reptilians have developed a way to breed themselves into human bodies. Through this sinister process they have become the Illuminati that control our banking system, our politicians, our world religions, and through those venues they control the entire world.
Again, and through my own research, I tend to follow many of these same ideas. There is plenty of evidence that a huge cabal of corrupt people, with advanced knowledge of science and magic, do in fact control nearly everything around us. These ‘people’ are even now attempting to come up with ways to further control our thoughts and actions. Also, I believe that the Illuminati have discovered a way to keep their ugly, black souls within their own bloodlines.
There is a rumor that ultra high level Masons, much higher than level 33, can trace their lineage back to the age of early Babylon. Masons clearly boast that their founder was none other than the Biblical King Solomon. I agree with a lot of what Icke is stating, and while I have done some research into Reptilians and Shape-shifters, I still haven’t entirely made up my mind as to whether these types of creatures truly exist as physical beings. On the other hand, I have as much personal experience with demonic spirits as a typical exorcist, so I cannot easily discount Icke’s contention that Reptilians may come from other dimensions that are invisible and parallel to Earth.

(Source: The Cosmic Firewall And The Moon Matrix) In a second article, Icke states that the Moon is an artificial structure that has been anchored to orbit around Earth. He calls it a supercomputer or ‘eye in the sky.’ As in the first article, Icke compares what the Moon is doing to humanity to a firewall on a computer, which filters certain data and prevents other data from coming in. He also states that the control system within the Moon is clamping down harder than before, because too many people are becoming aware of it. An interesting tidbit is the origin of the word ‘lunatic,’ which derives from the Latin luna, or moon, and centers on the belief that changes in the Moon cause intermittent insanity.

(Source: Deflector Shields Protect The Lunar Surface) Potentially related to this idea of solar photon disruption is a report from the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in the United Kingdom. Scientists from RAL claim they’ve solved the mystery of lunar swirls, or electromagnetic anomalies. In this case, these small pockets of electricity, than can measure up to tens of miles in size, deflect and prevent solar wind from striking the surface of the Moon. They are so effective that the surface directly underneath these swirls stays in a lighter color, while unprotected lunar soil is much darker. It makes me wonder what might be hidden underneath the Moon’s surface that could produce such anomalies. Is it natural or artificial?

(Source: Is The Moon A Creation Of Intelligence?) The next article starts off with the three generally accepted hypotheses for the origin of the Moon.

1. The Moon was once part of the Earth, but it somehow broke off.
2. The Moon was formed from the same cloud of dust and gas as the Earth.
3. The Moon drifted by on its way to a cosmic party, until it was captured by the Earth’s gravity and forced to stay.

The author uses scientific data to refute the first two hypotheses. The specific gravity between the Moon and Earth, and the specific composition of their rocks is too different for them to have formed from the same material. I’ll add to this that ancient peoples said there was no Moon at first, and then there was. It would be incredibly foolish to discount what people from past ages claimed to see in the heavens. Say the ancients thought they saw a fire-breathing dragon flying by, and they jot down a certain year or period of time when they saw it. It sounds incredible at first, until astronomers discover a recurring comet with a long tail, and trace its revolutions back to near the same time the ancients saw their spectacle. The Moon, on the other hand, is not just a mere comet.

Ancient Arcadian Joe: Hey, Harry, will you take a look at that thing?
Ancient Arcadian Harry: What the hell is that?
Ancient Arcadian Joe: I don’t know, but it wasn’t there yesterday!
Ancient Arcadian Harry: I think it’s kind of cool. Let’s go tell everybody to come outside and take a look at it!

The third hypothesis, about the Earth just reaching out and nabbing a huge object such as our Moon, is just ridiculous. This is an apologist grasping at straws after his other sorry explanations have been debunked, and he’s still trying to save face to look like he knows what he’s talking about.
Try this experiment. Have a friend fire off a pellet gun and try to catch the pellet while it’s in motion. Think you can do it? No, you can’t. All these comets that come zipping by the Earth are moving at 3,600 kilometers per hour, on average. Wouldn’t the Moon be moving at a pretty fast clip, too? Or would it come tiptoeing by instead? And since they’re so much smaller than the Moon is, it should be no problem for the Earth’s gravity to catch a couple of comets and keep them in orbit. How many comets has the Earth captured that are swirling around out planet now? None that we know of. Oh, but comets would come crashing down to the surface! Really? Why didn’t the Moon come crashing down to the surface then? Logically, the Moon should have kept going right on by the Earth without being captured by Earth’s gravity. If anything, the Moon’s trajectory might have been altered, but it should be long gone by now. There is no way possible that it naturally slowed down and just parked itself in orbit.
And just how many Moon-sized objects have we seen drifting around on solitary strolls through our solar system? Well, zero. That’s right, all we see are comparatively tiny comets and meteors. No wayward moons! The funny thing is, a lot of the more recent comets have been observed accelerating, slowing down and changing directions while they’re way out in space. As Crrow777 has pointed out, a lot of our recent comets don’t look anything like they did the last time they came flying by, and he’s got the pictures and illustrations to prove it. Are they really the same comets, or an alien intelligence out on patrol?
The article’s author goes on to state that he believes the Moon might be an artificial satellite. His questions are: Who could have built it and why? As to who; it would have to be a Type II Civilization, which would have the technology to travel among the stars, and to make use of the energy or material found on multiple planets. As to why, here are the author’s ideas:
Noah’s Ark – In this scenario, the Moon would necessarily have to be hollow, which would help explain why its specific gravity of 3.3 is so much lower than Earth’s 5.5. This empty space would be used for transporting a heck of a lot of beings, a regenerating life support system, a vast amount of fuel, or say they use something commonly found out in space like hydrogen as fuel, a huge engine and propulsion system, and whatever other things these beings would think most important to them. These aliens could then park their ship in orbit and come down to Earth to mingle with us humans. Or maybe they just conquered our ancestors like the Sumerian Annunaki are said to have done.
Do we have evidence of this? Yup, all over the world, too. For example, the Incas have their serpent god, Quetzalcoatl, the Bible has its fallen angels and their leader Satan, who is described as a serpent and a dragon, and places like Babylon, Canaan, China and Sumeria have a half-man, half-fish dude named Dagon. All of these cultures spoke of these new arrivals bringing great scientific knowledge with them. That’s how they first put themselves in charge over us. You’ll notice that these beings all have scales in common, which goes right back to David Icke and his Reptilian theory.
A Battleship – Russian physicist Stanyukovich made some calculations. A meteor coming in at six miles wide, at something like 30 miles per second, would make a crater 24 to 30 miles deep. Why then, are all of the craters on the Moon only 1.2 to 2 miles deep? Some of the larger craters on the Moon are 60 miles wide, but only 2 miles deep. One of the biggest is 148 miles wide, and again, only 2 miles deep. That, dear reader, is called armor plating. The metals found on the Moon just happen to be resistant to heat, are able to take a pounding and to ward of cosmic radiation. Some of the rocks on the Moon are said to be even older than the Earth. How’s that for a head scratcher? The Moon might have been out cruising the universe and getting attacked by its enemies, before the Earth even existed!

(Source: The Function Of The Moon, translated from the Spanish La Funcion De La Luna. The information in this article is stated as having been channeled by a medium.)
According to this next article, the Moon is an artificial satellite inhabited and run by a consortium of alien beings and in contact with what we know as the New World Order. The Moon has always been inhabited and is nothing like what we’ve been presented with by the media. It’s more like a computerized command center with an array of functions, such as being a testing ground for new weaponry, a spaceport for discrete comings and goings, and a place for the exchange of political and technical information. I’m being reminded of the space terminal in the first Men In Black pop movie here.
Subterranean cities are located on many levels, and are inhabited by humanoids and ‘three-dimensional’ humans. The author states that these 3D people are the creations of a number of scientists, engineers, physicians, systems analysts and psychics sent to the Moon expressly for the purpose of developing these 3D people. Apparently, 3D people are too complex to build under the conditions of our Hologram Earth. Various prototypes have already been developed, but glitches or problems in their make-up have prevented them from being sent to occupy Earth. Colonies of normal humans also exist on the Moon, and these are mostly made up of the families of the professionals sent to work there.
A sort of inter-dimensional portal has been created to serve as a gateway between the Lunar cities and the Hologram deception that envelops Earth. Further, the dark and unseen side of the Moon is said to contain docking areas for starships, as well as having service bays for repair work.
The New World order is said to be constantly developing new technologies on the Moon. These have included cell phones, computer parts, medical equipment and chemical advances, among other things. These are tested and perfected, before the technology is passed forward into our physical world, as opposed to the non-physical Moon that is said to be a digital or cybernetic world. Is this why astronomer Crrow777 has filmed and collected so many Lunar Waves, or Moon-wide digital flickers?
Here’s another idea that I’ve heard vaguely mentioned a couple of times before. Earth originally had two satellite moons, and both of these natural bodies were destroyed before our current Moon took their place. This was to conceal the large spaceport and to prevent the people on Earth from witnessing the arrival and departure of so many alien spacecraft.
The Moon, as a way station or stopping point, monitors the arrival and approach of alien races from other parts of the cosmos. It works in conjunction with ships in our solar system, where they warn each other of incoming races who have been banned on Earth or who are not welcome here.
The purpose of the Moon is to maintain the illusion of our 3D Hologram Earth through projection, calibration and qualification of electromagnetic and electro-physical energy in a specific quantity, volume and density.
The author goes on to mention that two missiles were detonated on the Moon in October of 2009. I’d heard this rumor as well, but as far as my research, the official line is that an empty rocket segment was crashed into the lunar surface, ostensibly to search for water, which I in no way believe to be the truth. The reason for this attack on the Moon, the article states, is because the balance of power is shifting away from the New World Order on Earth, to the New World Order and the alien consortium working together on the Moon.
NASA’s job was to convince the world that no such attack had taken place, and thus the fabrication that they were looking for water on the Moon was created. To add to that, NASA’s true mission was never to inform the public of anything. Instead, their objectives are to control what the public does and does not know, to misinform the public, to serve the interests of the New World Order, and to open up the sealed star-gates located on this planet. These first three mission objectives I completely agree with, and while there have been rumors of active star-gates in various places, such as in Iraq, Puma Punku or in the Gulf of Adin, I’m just as much in the dark as anyone else as to whether these things even exist.

Article 5 - Article Review Continued

(Source: Lunar Mysteries) This next article makes an obvious point. Why are there domed structures in the center of so many Moon craters? If a comet or meteor crashed into the Moon, it would have left a concave impact point; that is to say in the shape of a bowl. Any sort of structure seen in the center of any crater, whether natural or artificial, would necessarily enter that crater after the time of impact.
So far, I’ve read about a few myths, such as those from the ancient, pre-Hellenistic Arcadian peoples, regarding humans having been around during the time before the Moon orbited the Earth. This article points out two more historical references. Ancient texts from Tibet point to the lost continent of Gondwana as having been founded before the Moon. Also, a Dr. P. Allen has interpreted ancient Bolivian symbols as stating that a satellite came into orbit around the Earth between 11,500 and 13,000 years ago. If accurate, this Bolivian account would match the time frame of half a revolution of the 13,000 year Zodiac calendar. This was the era that marked the beginning of the Age Of Aries, followed by the Age Of Pisces, which we are now ending to enter into the Age Of Aquarius. (For clarification, I’ve added the Zodiac chart below. It accurately shows half of a Zodiac revolution.)

Zodiac Ages:
2100 AD to 60 BC—Age of Pisces
60 BC to 2220 BC—Age of Aries
2220 BC to 4380 BC—Age of Taurus
4380 BC to 6540 BC—Age of Gemini
6540 BC to 8700 BC—Age of Cancer
8700 BC to 10,860 BC—Age of the Lion

Well-known sci-fi author Isaac Asimov has postulated that the Moon is too large to simply be caught by the Earth’s gravity. Taken into account with the Moon’s perfectly circular orbit around the Earth, and its stationary, non-rotating position, the Moon does not match any of the typical characteristics of any other known moons.
According to the work of Zechariah Sitchin, the Moon originally orbited the planet Tiamat along with ten other moons. After a great battle on Tiamat, the planet was split in two. One half was shattered, while the other became Earth. Tiamat’s moon Kingu became our Moon as we know it. While I am willing to entertain any theory, I must point out that this would not explain the great disparity in the ages of the Earth (4.6 billion years), Moon rocks (5.3 billion years) and Moon dust (6 billion years).
Ah, here is one of the greatest coincidences that the Moon offers to us. Our Sol is 864,000 miles in diameter, while the Moon is a mere 2,160 miles. How is it that during a lunar eclipse, the Moon perfectly blocks out the sun’s entire form? No other planet has a moon that does this so efficiently. This cannot be a simple coincidence because it is too mathematically precise. Therefore, there must be a specific purpose for the exact placement of the Moon. What that purpose is can be debated, but at this moment I’m leaning toward the Moon blocking cosmic vibrations, as David Icke has suggested, or my own idea that the Moon might be using events such as eclipses to send stronger than usual vibrations, that is to say updated programming, down to the surface of Earth to affect human beings.
Let me pause here to mention another concept. Recently, I’ve become aware of Purple Dawn Theory. In this scenario, the gas giant planets are immense eggs filled with a sort of cosmic embryonic fluid. Smaller, terrestrial planets are formed within the gas giants. When these new planets are ready to hatch, or to be born, the gas giant releases them into the solar system. This would explain why a great many ancient civilizations saw the planet Saturn as being the first sun hovering over the Earth, because according to the theory, it was Saturn that gave birth to Earth. Once Earth was ejected, Sol nabbed it and put it into orbit, and gave us the solar system we presently have. Also, this may relate to how the gas giants have numerous moons, while the terrestrial planets usually have much fewer.
There is a further anomaly regarding the rocks on the moon: they don’t rust! The prevailing scientific wisdom is that heavier rocks tend to sink, and should be found in the Moon’s interior. Instead, heavier rocks are found on the Moon’s surface. The proposed theory is that ‘refractory compounds were brought to the moon’s surface in great quantity in some unknown way.’ It’s only an unknown way from the isolationist point of view, since one of the earlier articles I covered suggest that the Moon was / is a self-sufficient spaceship. Under this premise, of course you would put a ton of strong, rust-proof material on the surface to withstand cosmic and belligerent bombardment, and if you expected that spaceship to float around in space for millions or perhaps even billions of years.
Further, many Moon rocks are magnetized. The quick answer, but not the only answer, is that the Earth gave these rocks their polarity. The rebuttal is that if this were so, Earth’s stronger magnetism would have destroyed the Moon eons ago.
20 to 40 miles below the surface of the Moon, are what scientists are calling ‘mascons.’ These are located in the center of large seas, or marias, of smooth, molten rock, and are said to be disc-shaped. The mascons were first discovered when it was observed that the paths of objects flying over them became distorted. It is thought that large meteorites of iron ore crashed into the Moon’s surface when it was soft and pliable.
Really? Let’s discount this soft and pliable notion right away. In a previous article, it was pointed out that meteors crash wide holes on the Moon, but these holes are not very deep. Also, we’ve seen that magnetic anomalies are present on the Moon that prevent the sun’s rays from affecting the surface, which may be these very same disc-shaped areas. They’re both in the marias, aren’t they? Next, in this article, we are told that hard rocks were brought and scattered all over the surface of the Moon, as in sprinkled on through unknown means. Personally, I’m leaning more to this being done by sentient beings than a cosmic, natural car wash.
Let’s speculate a bit, and wonder if these might be some type of propulsion units, which would have to necessarily be electromagnetic in nature. This would conform with Electric Universe Theory. Also, we have similar anomalies on the surface of the Earth. They are the magnetic anomalies at Hudson Bay, which is strong enough to affect compasses in the entire Northern Hemisphere. We also have the Bermuda Triangle, The Zone Of Silence in Chihuahua, Mexico, and over many crop circles, verified electromagnetic variations that cause instrument disruption or failure in the boats that pass through or the small planes and helicopters that fly over them.
In 1958, Russian astronomer Kozyrev reported a red glow and gaseous explosions on the Moon. In 1963, members of Lowell University observed a red glow on the crests in the Aristarchus region. Seismographs left by the Apollo missions at six different sites picked up a great deal of activity until they stopped functioning in 1977. The simple, and very unimaginative explanations were volcanoes on the Moon. When is the last time you heard of a volcano erupting on the Moon? In light of the hologram fluctuation recorded 9 times now by Crrow777 and other astronomers, I call this selling the public 10 pounds of bullshit in a 5 pound bag. I’ve got a better explanation, and some of the videos I’ve posted on my blog will bear this out: the Moon was being mined before, and is being mined right now, as we speak.
During an eclipse early in the 19th Century, astronomer John Hershel observed strange lights during an eclipse. These lights were moving and said to be on and just above the Moon. Other astronomers have reported witnessing the layout of what appeared to them to be city streets. In July of 1959, John O’Neill reported seeing a 19 kilometer bridge over the crater Mare Crisium. One month later, a Dr. Wilkins from Britain confirmed this. In the 1960s, NASA was getting so many reports of strange lights flashing on the Moon, that they began Operation Moonblink. In 12 months, they compiled a catalog of 28 ‘unusual moon events.’ In 1966, the Shard was discovered, which rises above the surface of the Moon by 2.5 kilometers above the Ukert area, and that entire area rises about 8 kilometers from the Sinus Medii region around it. Radio beacon or ancient lighthouse anyone?
Let’s move on to the hollow Moon. In 1969, Apollo 12 sent a spent rocket module crashing down to the Moon’s surface. Sensitive seismic equipment located 40 miles away registered the impact, which rose to a peak after 8 minutes and lasted for 40 minutes. Apollo 13 crashed a rocket module with the equivalent impact of 11 tons of TNT, or dynamite. This time, the Moon was described as ringing like a ‘gong,’ and the ringing lasted 3 hours and 20 minutes. However, in 1972, a meteor with an estimated impact the equivalent of 200 tons of TNT crashed on the Moon. This time, unexpectedly, there was no reverberation or ringing picked up. Strange, huh? Could this have been a disguised spaceship coming in for a soft landing?
There are so many glows, flashes, mists and other illuminated phenomena reported, that the term Lunar Transient Phenomena, or LTP, has been coined to encompass them all.
In 1787, William Herschel reported 3 white spots on the Moon, which he thought were volcanoes. In 1822, Franz Gruithuisen claimed to have discovered a Moon city, but this was later found to be a series of ridges. In the early 20th Century, W.H. Pickering took the time to map out the canals on the Moon. He noted the changing landscape on the Moon, and how the canals seemed to intersect at mysterious darker spots, and much like the canals observed on Mars a few decades before. Among his more outlandish claims, Pickering claimed to have observed vegetation, riverbeds, geysers or volcanoes, and even the migration of animals or insects. In 1942, William Haas observed a ‘milky luminosity’ on the wall of Tycho crater, and in 1949 F. Thorton saw a ‘puff of whitish vapor.’
In July of 1882, a number of the residents of Lebanon, Connecticut, witnessed a very strange occurrence. Two glowing pyramid-shaped structures appeared on the top limb, or top edge of the Moon, giving the Moon the silhouette of a horned owl. After a short time, these anomalies vanished, with the right side fading away first. About 3 minutes later, two black, triangular notches were seen on the moon’s lower half. These notches moved along the bottom edge of the Moon, and caused such a visible disruption of the Moon’s surface that witnesses thought a quarter of the Moon was being obliterated. When the notches moved close enough together to touch, the appearance of the Moon was restored to normal. Was this a re-calibration of the Moon hologram? Apparently, another pyramid-shaped anomaly was seen in 1519, but no further detail is given.
In 1912, a Dr. F.B. Harris reported a ‘black body’ visible on a cusp of the Moon, which is the point on its crescent. He estimates this body to have been 250 miles long and 50 miles wide, judging from the distance from one cusp to the other to have been 2,000 miles long.

(Source: Cities Found On The Moon) The next article in the collection starts off with the statement that both Russia and the United States have released information about alien beings and structures, but these findings have been deliberately kept vague and misleading in order to gauge the public reaction to them. Apparently, it has been decided that people are not ready to come to terms with the idea that they are not alone in the universe, and so no new information has been distributed. I will go as far as saying that there is proof that Russia was forthcoming about how they lost the two Phobos satellites while investigating Mars, and the Mars moon named Phobos. Russian astronomers released pictures of a grid-like system of structures the size of Los Angeles on Mars, and of two long and immense spaceships, one casting a long shadow on Mars, and the second that was pictured near the Phobos moon, right before contact was lost with the satellite Phobos II. Research Mars and Phobos anomalies to learn more.
A further point is made that UFO researchers, such as Richard Hoagland, claim that NASA smudges pictures before they are released to the public. Now, I find some of the personalities in the field of UFO research to be a mixed bag. I don’t like researchers who make fantastic claims and don’t produce tangible results, in order to gain fame andsell their books. I don’t like deathbed confessions, and I don’t like claims that so and so is an authority in the field because they once worked in a top secret facility, yet they cannot prove they formerly held a high-level security clearance, or that they even worked where they claim they did. Having said that, there are several UFO researchers who have died under suspicious circumstances. Among them are people who claimed to have been involved in underground bases where violent confrontations took place between Men and Aliens.
As far as NASA smudging pictures, I can state with some confidence that NASA has smudged pictures of every single location in space that a satellite or rover has ever landed. Alternative ‘conspiracy theory’ research is rife with examples of this.
According to the article, NASA has listed finding strange artifacts in 44 regions on the Moon. These range from domed structures to roads and tunnels. In Rimahadley, a tall, D-shaped wall is said to exist. In Tiho Crater, there are said to be terraces made of rock and tunnels reminiscent of mines. In Copernicus Crater, a transparent dome that glows in blue and white has been discovered, along with other structures that are referred to as the Factory. Apollo 10 is said to have pictured a structure one mile high, made up of several cylindrical pieces. Some of these pieces are transparent, and strange enough that Hoagland has named the structure the Castle. After NASA showed the pictures of the Castle to the public, Hoagland made a request to see the originals a second time. Running true to form, NASA has refused, and removed the pictures and any mention of them from their archives. The only pictures that still exist of the Castle are from the exterior and at a distance, but all the ones showing the interior have been hidden away somewhere. Thanks, NASA!
The crew of Apollo 12 reported that a hovering, pyramid-shaped object observed their landing. It was said to shine with all the colors of the rainbow against the black sky behind it. Astronauts traveling to the Sea Of Storms saw objects they called ‘striped glasses.’ One former employee at the Houston Space Center claimed to Hoagland that NASA was ‘very annoyed’ that so many anomalies were found on the Moon. The article states that investigators studying the Moon have seen square and rectangular structures that look like Earth cities, as seen from a height of 5 to 8 kilometers.
The article concludes by stating that even today, people are still not psychologically ready to acknowledge the existence of extraterrestrial beings.

Article 6 - Article Reviews Continued

(Source: The Late Great Bombardment) This is just a quick reference, referring to a period of time between 3.8 and 4.1 billion years ago, when the vast majority of lunar craters are said to have formed. The majority of crater impacts on Earth, Mars, Mercury and Venus may have similar dating.

(Source: Our Enigmatic Moon) According to this next article, in 1968 the Apollo 8 mission went into orbit around the Moon. A colossal object was observed and pictured, but it was gone the next time the Apollo vessel made its orbit. No pictures have ever been released. Another time, when the lunar module was about 4 miles from the surface, a UFO was seen rising from a crater and quickly speeding away. In 1969, Buzz Aldrin is said to have been studying the lunar surface from space, when he saw two UFOs come by to study the Apollo rocket he was in. To his surprise, the two UFOs merged together and became one UFO. The article further states that Apollo 11 reported a fleet of UFOs lined up inside a crater. Astronomer Patrick Moore claimed to have discovered over 100 bases on the Moon. The article further states that over 1,000 such bases, all with a diameter of at least 700 feet, have been witnessed.
The article goes on to say that no such spacecraft anomalies were reported before the 1950s. What I find strange about this is that it was in the 1950s that I believe the US first began to use flying disc or UFO technology, which they acquired from German scientists and engineers after World War II. Were ETs on the Moon before humanity became aware of them, or did they somehow only show up once the US began to build flying saucers? In an earlier article, it was mentioned that all manner of light anomalies, from flashes to mist to geysers, were visible to astronomers from the 16th through 19th Centuries. These astronomers knew what carriages and ships looked like, so surely they would have made comparative comments if they saw a ship-like object floating or moving about on the Moon’s surface, but they didn’t. Why did the appearance of UFOs change?
A comment is made regarding the depth of craters on the Moon, which was covered in an earlier article. However, this piece claims that there is a dense wall of metal at that depth, that it could be as much as 20 miles thick, and that the Moon is hollow, because that would be the only explanation that would cover the majority of the anomalies that have been reported.
Next, the article’s author points to the evidence of air existing on the Moon, and not an empty vacuum as NASA claims. As evidence, he points out how the American flag waved, how dust was picked up when the astronauts moved about (dust should not lift, but cling together in a vacuum), the rocket exhaust from the lander and the way the astronauts bound about on the lunar surface like bunnies.
Also, the weak rocket exhaust was not strong enough to pull away from the Moon’s gravity. There wasn’t enough fuel to allow the rocket to make it back to Earth, unless some other, secret technology such as anti-gravity propulsion was used. Again, I must point out that in my study of the ancient Vimana from India, the concept of reducing the weight of a flying craft by using mercury, plasma, electromagnetic and centrifugal forces is one that should not be lightly dismissed. German scientists studying the ancient Vedas were able to produce the Nazi Bell, which was said to have anti-gravity properties, among other fantastical claims such as time travel and the ability to produce wormholes.
The article gives an age for Moon rocks at being 5.3 billion years old, while Earth is thought to be about 4.6 billion years old. Not only that, but the estimated age would make the Moon older than our entire solar system.
Viewers watching the live broadcasts of the Apollo missions also commented on various anomalies. For instance, people stated that they witnessed an astronaut bending down to pick up a glass bottle. The astronaut reportedly said, “My God, I can’t believe it! Look at this!” Right after, the screen went blank. Other viewers noted the extreme difficulty the astronauts had when drilling into the surface of lunar marias. When the drill was pulled out, what looked to them like metal shavings came out with it. Brass (this is not a natural element, but an alloy of copper and zinc), mica, and titanium were discovered. Also found were Uranium 236 and Neptunium 237, which, according to scientists, are never found in nature.
Other reported anomalies include: clouds and lightning, strange moving shadows and objects, spires which rise thousands of feet, a huge boulder trying to climb uphill to the rim of a crater, complete with tracks behind it, the shrinking of Luna Crater from a diameter of six miles to 1.5 miles, hill effects in craters appearing and disappearing in a matter of hours, over 800 scientific observations of blinking and flashing lights, several large pyramid structures, surface rifts with entrances, massive girders, machinery, blocks of metal 1,000 kilometers long, massive tears in the lunar surface exposing equally massive interior plumbing, crosses one mile long, and finally, enormous excavating equipment. According to this article, professional astronomers have been discouraged from investigating these TLP, or Transient Lunar Phenomena, leaving the brunt of the research to be done by enthusiastic and dedicated amateurs.
Clouds, along with lightning, are said to appear with sudden speed, and one cloud formation was reportedly large enough to cover over 100 square miles. This should put to rest the idea that the Moon is a dry and barren place.
There is further mention of the Moon’s orbit. The perfectly circular orbit invalidates that the Moon was somehow captured by Earth’s gravity. The Moon is simply too large and too far away. Also, the Moon does not turn, but presents a single face to Earth. (Objects free-floating in a vacuum should rotate, from what I’ve learned about vacuums in space.) This ‘capture’ theory has since been modified to allow for the Moon to be naturally ‘steered’ into position. And lastly, as I mentioned before, the Moon is in the perfect position to cover the entire sun during an eclipse.
Giving further credence to the Hollow Moon Theory, is the fact that sound echoes pick up speed 40 miles deep into the lunar surface.
The author of this article believes that the Moon landings were faked, and also that they were not. He cites evidence from various conspiracy documentaries, showing such things as shadows being out of place and footage of NASA claiming that video of space was taken from inside a shuttle, when the shuttle was actually safely sitting on Earth. He postulates that the landings are false, but that astronauts did land on the Moon. The author wonders if the recent discontinuation of the space program is because further contact with the beings that inhabit the Moon might blow their cover-up wide open. If people start to become aware of an extraterrestrial presence, it might invalidate the imposed dogmas of Creation and Evolution, and thus the control mechanism being used on the masses would begin to disintegrate.
After citing police statistics that point to a rise in crime during a full moon, the article suggests that the Moon serves a more sinister purpose. The following information is given as having been channeled by one Ashayana Deane: A planet once existed named Maldek or Marduk. It orbited our Sol thousands of years ago, between Mars and Jupiter. A thriving civilization existed on this planet, up until it degenerated and this disharmony ended up destroying the planet. The debris is now an asteroid belt, and some of the metallic debris was used to form what in the Bible is referred to as the end-times calamity known as Wormwood. In addition to Wormwood, the Moon was also created in this way. In a simplistic and common sense fashion, it could be argued that more crimes take place during full moons because there is more light given off, which may explain some but not all categories of crime. But wait, there’s more.
The author goes on to say that the Moon gives off frequencies beneficial for the former residents of Marduk, and detrimental to the residents of Earth, both for the purposes of assimilating with Earth beings and to control the time on Earth. As evidence, the author points to how the menstrual cycle of human women is affected by the Moon. This is to gain control of when women are having babies, and to ensure there will always be a plentiful human population, for various nefarious purposes such as testing and DNA manipulation. This could have led to the overpopulation problems we are witnessing today. Further, the author states that the Moon affects not only the tides of the sea, but also the blood coursing through human veins. A second channeling source, unnamed in the article, states that the Moon is a giant supercomputer that can be intelligently programmed, corroborates the idea of frequencies being used to influence menstrual cycles, and adds that human DNA influencing has been manipulated by the Moon for eons.

(Source: Revisiting The Moon) This next article begins with a reference to Elle magazine. In the magazine, a story titled ‘The Sun Can Not Be Seen From Space,’ Sol is presented as being a hollow doorway through which life-giving energies come through. There is more to the planets in our solar system, the author states, other than them being simple inanimate objects that float about aimlessly.
Next, the article moves on to a book by Christopher Knight, titled Who Built The Moon. In this book, Knight describes the Moon as being 400 times smaller than Sol, but also located 400 times closer to the Earth. Thus, during a solar eclipse, the Moon and Sol appear to be the same size.
Further, the Moon mimics the movement of the sun at opposite solstices. The example is given of the Moon rising during mid-winter at the same point the sun rises in mid-summer. This would only be meaningful for a human being standing on Earth.
The Moon has benefits for humans as well. According to this article, if the Moon weren’t at the precise size, mass and distance as it has been historically, there would be no intelligent life on Earth. The Moon stabilizes the Earth at such an angle to produce the seasons, and to keep water liquid throughout most of our planet. Without these effects, Earth would be as dead and solid as Venus. We owe everything to the Moon, scientists have stated.
There is some redundancy covered from previous articles. By studying the tracks of cosmic rays burned into Moon rocks, scientists have found that the Moon is older than both the Earth and the Sun, and as old as our solar system. Also, the Moon is too big, too old, too light in mass, and in such an extraordinary orbit that science is at a loss to account for why the Moon exists.

“The best explanation for the Moon is observational error; the Moon doesn’t exist.” – quote from Irwin Shapiro, Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics

Scientists have an easier time explaining why the Moon shouldn’t exist, than in explaining why it does exist.

“It was almost like the Moon had gigantic, hydraulic struts.” – quote from Shaun Solomon, MIT

“The Moon is a very powerful, electromagnetic computer.” – quote from Barbara Marciniak, from her book Earth.

Now for some good, old speculation: For eons now, the Moon has been projecting electromagnetic frequencies onto Earth, in order to maintain the two strands of human DNA. The Earth was anchored into orbit to serve as a mediating or monitoring device, a supercomputer or an eye-in-the-sky. Also, it inhibits the spiritual energies of human kundalini and limits human achievement.

“Credo Mutwa (Zulu shaman) tells me that the Zulus believe that the Moon comes from far, far away and it was hollowed out like the yolk taken out of an egg – and it was rolled across the heavens by two reptilian entities.” – quote from David Icke

Upon further investigation, Icke remarks on the parallel between the two reptilians and the Enki and Enlil figures in Sumerian mythology.
These reptilians, called Chitaulis, threatened to move the Moon and cause havoc upon the Earth if they were not obeyed. This has been borne out in previous articles. If the Moon were to be moved slightly one way or the other, numerous natural cycles on Earth, such as the menstrual periods of women and the growing of plants, among many, many other things, would be adversely affected.
The Moon itself is said to be a stabilizing tool, neither positive nor negative. It can be used for productiveness and for control as well, depending on who or what is in charge of it. It has an effect, not only on humans but on non-humans, and on beings that exist as pure consciousness with no physical form, in other dimensions on Earth. Control, it is mentioned, is being taken away from those that use the Moon now, by other beings that would use its influence in other ways, but the positive or negative results for humans would remain to be seen.
This article does offer hope. Human beings today are in an unnatural state with their consciousness stunted. Our children and grandchildren will have much better conditions than this. A form of Enlightenment is gradually dawning on humanity, and this is why such measures as over-medication and the police state have been thrust upon us.
The New World Order will lose in the end, but as I’ve said quite a few times in the past, they will not go quietly.

Article 7 - Article Reviews Continued

(Source: The Day The Moon Was Made – 24 Hours Of Chaos) Here is the scenario as proposed by scientists: A proto-planet half the size of Earth crashes into a young Earth. This isn’t a head-on collision, but a glancing blow. It adds angular momentum to the Earth, and creates the Moon in the process. In this supposedly glancing blow, the outer layers of both planets are stripped away, and the iron cores meld together. The rocky debris coalesces into becoming the Moon, and the pair of iron cores eventually becomes the Earth as we know it today. There are other details to this theory, but you get the idea. This paints a nice and pretty picture without any loose ends. Certain scientists would have you not scrutinize this scenario too closely or else its many faults will rise into prominence. I won’t bother pointing them out; just look through my previous posts and you’ll see them.
This article is largely pointless.

(Source: The Lunar Connection, taken from the book The Ringmakers Of Saturn) I’ve read the book and watched a couple of lectures by its author. Basically, the concept theorizes that immense space vehicles travel to and use plasma electricity on planets and moons. These ships also artificially form the rings on the planet Saturn.
We start here with the idea that space vehicles had gone to two of Saturn’s moons, Dione and Iapetus. The observations lead the author to conclude that on Iapetus, an electromagnetic current is sent from the vehicle to the moon, and this current is strong enough to heat the moon’s alleged iron core. The interaction is said to cause scarring of the moon, such as craters and ridges. In this hypothesis, the diameter of a crater would be in close approximation to the diameter of the spaceship. Because these spaceships are thought to be capable of long-range cruises, as in between planets, it is thought that other planetary bodies might have also been visited by them in the past, or in the present.
Since the topography of the Moon is well mapped out, it would be fairly simple to study its craters for evidence of electromagnetic tampering. The crater Mare Orientale, for example, has an outer ridge with a diameter of 600 miles, and an inner ridge of 550 miles. The center of this crater is about 150 miles wide, and it is not flat. A deep hole is said to puncture the center, with dark basalt on its floor. The eastern side of this hole appears glazed. Radial markings, that is, markings that stretch away from the hole like the spokes of a wheel, are seen to the north and south at an angle of 100 degrees, but not to the east and west. Since the markings are not consistent, the theory that the crater was caused by a random meteor crash can be dismissed.
To the north of the crater, we have two undulating lines across a band of terrain. To the right of these lines is a radial marking, to the left is smooth rippled surface that changes into pitted, and between the lines is a series of packed, overlapping craters. The mechanism that produced these features is given as being a high temperature, pinched-plasma flow. A few other examples of a similar nature are given. Judging from the size and texture of the surface terrain findings, an estimate of the size of the spacecraft that produced this is given at 600 miles in diameter.
We have one study that suggests that a magnetic field once existed on the Moon, 3 to 4 billion years ago. We have another study claiming that the age of Mare Orientale is also 3 to 4 billion years old. What happens when we combine those results with the idea of a spaceship shooting a beam of plasma at the Moon?
Hypothesis: The Moon had a magnetic field, a spaceship came along and blasted electromagnetic energy at the Moon and formed the crater. After this attack, the magnetic field is gone. Factoring in this whole idea that the Moon may be hollow and inhabited, and we have a scenario of galactic warfare. Hostile beings in a long, tubular spaceship came along and blasted the beings in a gigantic, round spaceship we call the Moon. Do we have any historical or mythological corroboration of this? Actually, we do. The Indian Vedas speak of a time of war on the Moon, where the rulers of India used Vimana spacecraft against their enemies, but I can’t reference this more precisely as I’ve only read a simplified version of the Vedic Ramayana so far. Also, it can be inferred that electromagnetic starships have been around for at least 3 to 4 billion years. Compare that with the Earth’s estimated age of 4.6 billions years and how long (we are told) that it took humans to show up on the scene.
Moving on, the article mentions that while the rings of Saturn have substantially been the same, size-wise, they have not been the same identically. This means they are being in a way artificially maintained, and after all, this is an excerpt from a book called The Ringmakers Of Saturn. What can we decipher from knowing this information? First, the ship must be under intelligent control. The operators must have a vastly superior knowledge of nuclear physics, aeronautics, astronautics, magneto-hydro-dynamics and engineering. If there are beings inside these spacecraft, they must have long-term, goal-oriented and non-self-destructive perspectives.
There is mention that if humans knew such beings existed, and if the beings were able to wield this enormous destructive power at will, people would necessarily become frightened. The good news is that so far these extraterrestrial beings have not attacked us.
Next, the article points to the mysterious explosion that took place in Tunguska, Russia, in 1908. In this blast, 1200 miles of land was devastated. Eyewitnesses reported seeing a flaming, cylindrical vehicle in the sky right before the explosion occurred. After extensive study, the conclusion emerged that the cause of the blast was an aerial nuclear detonation. Apparently the nuclear explosion at Hiroshima, Japan, had a similar destruction pattern, and is cited as further evidence. Other scientists have postulated that this was perhaps a nuclear-powered spaceship that blew up.
Most sightings of these extremely large spaceships have been localized around Saturn, the article remarks, and perhaps Saturn serves as their operational base. Adding to their mastery of nuclear power and electro-potential fields, these ships are also able to change the surface of planetary bodies, and maybe they can even move the smaller celestial bodies, like moons, around at their whim.
The article theorizes that while these electromagnetic vehicles are not outright destroying entire cities and devastating populations, they are quite capable of causing smaller calamities and catastrophes. These include earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and even large fires. These vehicles could even be altering humans by broadcasting electromagnetic waves at humans from thousands of miles away. Let me add here that from my research in weather modification and manipulation, I will confirm that the natural events described above, except for forest fires that I’m uncertain of, can be produced by artificial mechanisms such as HAARP and Nexrad. Also, several of the previous articles I’ve already covered have hinted that the Moon is sending out waves that affect human thought patterns and / or DNA. (Recently, I have looked into Directed Energy Weapons, or DEWs. Now I am certain forest fires can be caused artificially.)
We go on to the idea that while we know what weather is, it is still largely a mystery as to how weather first appears. This is why weather is, after so much money spent in research and instrumentation, still so unpredictable.
The article goes on to refer to ‘dry lightning,’ which is lightning that occurs when the sky is completely clear of clouds. This phenomenon has been observed on Earth, on Saturn and on Saturn’s moon Iapetus. The finger is pointed at electromagnetic ships causing the dry lightning away from Earth, and that perhaps the proximity of these vessels causes dry lightning here as well. Think of static electricity here. These ships either affect Earth weather by their presence or deliberately, and neither theory conflicts with what is known of weather today.
Going back to Saturn, we have different space vehicles responsible for maintaining different rings. To prevent collisions, a buffer space has been created between the rings, and these are known as divisions. Perhaps these divisions or gaps contain material, or maybe not. So many spacecraft are said to gather around Saturn’s rings, that the article compares the location to a crowded, polluted parking lot, depending on how many vehicles are around and what each of them are doing.
Finding spacecraft of this nature may be as simple as finding a planet’s rings, or by testing for electromagnetic emissions or exhaust. Perhaps, it is not only the pollution made by man that is dirtying up Earth’s skies. Perhaps spacecraft are responsible for some of it. The article mentions that such spacecraft might cause the mysterious falling of acid rain, in locations far away from any factories.
In its fly-by of Saturn, Voyager 1 reported 15 satellites around the gas giant. The majority if these were composed of ice, including Iapetus, and this moon was reported to have an enormous spacecraft floating nearby. A further theory is that the ringmakers not only transformed the water of these moons into ice, but may also be responsible for creating the ice poles on Earth. (Update: In the Hopi creation myth, the Earth was unstable until a being known as Spider Woman went and balanced it, by creating the north and south pole. What a coincidence, huh?)
On September 22, 1979, a satellite reported a great flash of light between South Africa and Antarctica. Federal laboratories concluded that this flash was a nuclear blast. Two camps formed among the top brass in the White House. One camp saw this as an authentic nuclear explosion, while the other thought this was a natural event that mimicked a nuclear blast. Again, the author of this article points to a potential vehicle from space being responsible, and that such a disturbance in the future might very well precipitate a nuclear exchange between hostile nations.
This article goes on for several more pages, but since the focus is more on giant electromagnetic vehicles and no further mention of the Moon occurs, I will move on to the next one.

(Source: The Moon: What Is It And Who Made It?) This next piece opens up with previously reported information. The Earth is estimated to be 4.6 billion years old. Moon rocks, however, are tabulated at 5.3 billion years, and Moon dust is thought to be perhaps a billion years even older than that. Why the huge discrepancy?

Some facts:
The Moon is suspected as having multiple magnetic fields.
The Moon affects the tides on Earth. This is very important because many sea creatures use the tides to produce eggs. Without the Moon’s guidance, it is thought that much of the life in the sea would die.
The Moon stabilizes the Earth’s rotation.

Moving on, the Apollo missions set up seismographs on the Moon, as was covered in a previous article. In this instance, it is said that NASA has been silent regarding tremors, or Moonquakes, that are taking place on the dark side of the Moon. Scientists looked at 9,000 seismic events on the Moon and came up with 30 possible ‘nests’ of Moonquakes. This has led them to conclude, as others have, that the Moon is hollow.
There is some discussion of other studies that have found magnetic fields on the dark side of the Moon, and of the possibility, which is disputed, of the existence of mini-magnetospheres on the lunar surface.
There is also mention of the various materials found on the Moon, such as titanium, iron oxide, uranium and neptunium. One substance I believe wasn’t covered before was zinc, found by Apollo 11. This element was found in orange Moon dust, and is believed to be volcanic ejecta, although no sign of a volcano has ever been found on the Moon.
The Moon’s near-perfect orbit is mentioned, as well as a theory that due to the placement of the Moon’s center of gravity, it should wobble. It cannot be an accident, the article goes on to state, that the Moon does not wobble.

More mythological and historical references:
Aristotle and Plutarch mention the Proselenes, or people who were around before the Moon. This was covered more in-depth in Article 2 of this series.
Hieroglyphs in Tiahuanaco, Bolivia, have been interpreted as giving the arrival of the Moon at 11,500 to 13,000 years ago. These are significant time frames because they match the approximate dates for the end of last Ice Age, and because 13,000 years is half of a Zodiac cycle, suggesting a planned, scheduled event when the ice melted.
Between 1540 and 1967, NASA collected 570 reports of light flashing on the Moon. Also mentioned are the 12-mile long bridge at Mare Crisium, a tower of 1 mile in height in Ukert, a spire that rises 5 miles in Sinus Medii, and several obelisks that rise up to 150 feet as reported by Lunar Orbiter II.

(Source: Who Built The Moon?) This article centers on an interview with Christopher Knight, who wrote a book titled Who Built The Moon? The interview was published in the New Dawn publication. The author claims that the material that formed the Moon came from a newly formed Earth, circa 4.6 billion years ago, from a shallow depression in what later became the Pacific Ocean. According to this author’s research, an advanced measuring system was widely used on Earth some 5,000 years ago. This system was based on the mass, dimensions and movements of the Earth, and correlates with both the Moon and Sun, but not with any other celestial body. He calls this a ‘blueprint’ where the Moon was made according to units taken from the Earth’s relationship to the Sun. An example of this is the idea that the Moon is 400 times smaller than the Sun, but also 400 times closer, and the fact that the Moon mimics the Sun’s location on opposite solstices. (I believe a previous article stated the Moon was 600 times smaller and 600 times closer.)
Knight credits a Professor Alexander Thom from Oxford University as discovering the use of the Megalithic Yard, which is based on the rotation of the Earth and led to the measurements of time, capacity and weight that we know today.
Further, Knight points to the Moon having a base 10 arithmetic, which implies that the Moon was built by a sentient species having 10 digits, or fingers, and that of course leads to the inference that the Moon was built by humans. In high speculation, Knight theorizes that time travel machines could have been sent back to when Earth was a young planet, to scoop material out of the Pacific and form the Moon, and thus begin the many cycles that allow humanity, and the seasons, plants and sea life, to begin to evolve.

Article 8 - Article Reviews Continued

(Source: Who Parked Our Moon?) In this next article, some of the points covered previously are skimmed over. The Moon is older than the Earth, heavier rocks are found on the surface, etc.
There is a mention that no water molecules have been found anywhere on the Moon, but interestingly enough, astronauts from Apollo 16 found some rocks that contained bits of rusted iron. Here comes that narrow-minded, isolationist point of view again: There must be natural water on the Moon, because that’s the only way the iron bits could have rusted! This is the great limitation of humanity, in my opinion, and it all goes back to Rome and the inception of the Catholic Church. This is why the Roman Christians burned down the library of Alexandria and murdered librarians like Hypatia, why the Dark Ages were so dark, why free thinkers were often chastised and at times murdered by the Holy Church Of God, and its effects are still seen today in the simple minds of the Sheeple who believe in Scientism.
The common sense answer is that maybe, just possibly, those rusty bits could have come from somewhere other than the waterless Moon, but no, these idiots in modern academia are bending over backwards every which way to propagate the narrow-mindedness and keep people stupid as to the history of their own planet and solar system. Darwin’s dogma and science are just as incapable of explaining the ins and outs of the universe as the Bible and Creationism are, and that’s all there is to it. Let’s move on, before I really go on a rant here…
In March of 1971, instruments left by astronauts reported a ‘wind of water.’ What the fuck is a wind of water? Seriously, they couldn’t say mist or vapor, or maybe even steam? Any sort of water at all is supposed to vaporize in the airless atmosphere on Earth, or so they tell us. That means water can’t exist on the Moon. But doesn’t this contradict the earlier statement that there must be water on the Moon to cause rust in iron bits? I’m assuming the iron bits were on or close to the surface here, so how in the hell would they have gotten wet in the first place, if the water vaporizes right away?
These ‘eruptions’ of water vapor were said to last 14 hours and covered an area of some 100 miles. The NAS-holes had to cover their butts, right, so they claimed that there was a Moonquake that released all this water-wind into the atmosphere. Well, I don’t see any information regarding seismic activity during this time. You would think that would be important to substantiate their theory by saying, hey, we had a tremor right about that same time, and just like the water-wind, it spread out for like 100 square miles, too. (Repeat: 100 SQUARE MILES. This becomes very relevant in a couple of paragraphs.) Apparently, that quake didn’t happen. Speculation: exhaust, escape valve, water main break deep in the Moon that spilled out. In other words, this was an artificial event!
That wasn’t enough bullshit, though. They couldn’t let the lie fade away, but had to make up something even more ridiculous to insult common sense and intelligence. Here’s the ten pounds of bullshit in a five pound bag again:
NAS-hole to public: Well, you see, here’s what really happened. We had these two water tanks, right, from Apollo 12 and 14. They each had between 60 and 100 pounds of water in them. What happened was that both tanks ruptured at the same exact time, and that explains everything. No loose ends!
Problem: The water tanks were 180 kilometers apart. The atmospheric instruments were facing in opposite directions, and recorded the water-wind at an equal strength at both ends. So, we are supposed to believe that a maximum of 200 pounds of water created a cloud of vapor that lasted 14 hours, and spread out evenly over a distance of 100 square miles, in an atmosphere that supposedly vaporizes water instantly. When is the last time you had a gallon of water in your house spontaneously burst? Not very often, huh? How about two gallons of water bursting at the same time? That ever happen to you? What about two gallons of water bursting at the same time, and spreading out like water-wind all over your neighborhood for 14 hours? Sounds legit, right? Thanks for clearing that up, NASA! Way to earn those tax dollars!
Let’s talk about the lunar marias. These were once molten rock and they are now solid rock. However, rock specimens that have been collected do not contain any evidence of volcanic eruptions on the Moon. I guess I could speculate here, even though I have no real way to connect this to anything. When have you ever seen molten material in a place without a volcano? Well, you might see metal in liquid form in a blacksmith shop. Later the metal is molded, cooled down, and shaped into something. Could the same process have been used on a scale large enough to produce a spaceship as large as the Moon?
Speculation: In the previous article from The Ringmakers Of Saturn, author Bergrun speculated that there are a ton of spaceships around Saturn and other celestial bodies. The size of some of these spaceships has been theorized as being 400 to 600 kilometers long. That’s about 250 to 370 miles! The theory is that the ships use electromagnetic plasma to cause massive changes on a planet or moon’s surface. Plasma can get pretty hot, as stars like our Sol are made out of that stuff, allegedly.
Ever heard of arc welding? That’s where hot electricity produces plasma that welds pieces of metal together. Is it possible to heat rocks to the point where they turn molten, as a way to create a sort of plaster that becomes the outer wall of a gigantic spaceship? Let’s pretend that the Moon is like the Death Star from the Star Wars movies. It would be impractical to use that much metal or metal alloy on such a big spaceship. You could deplete entire planets of metal that way! What if, on the other hand, you can crush all these asteroids together, and then heat them until they become soft and pliant, and then shape them while they’re cooling like you would at a forge. What a coincidence! Luna, the Phobos moon on Mars and Comet P67, which I believe are all artificial, have a rocky but anomalous texture on their surfaces! Maybe that’s the practical way of building a giant spaceship; by creating an outer wall around it made of molten rock, and by not using vast amounts of metal like Hollywood movies always show us.
Another coincidence: 80% of the Moon’s marias are facing the Earth. However, most of the craters and mountains on the Moon are on the dark side that we never get to see. Remember how in previous articles, the idea of frequencies being aimed at the Earth was brought up? Remember how the marias have a lot of electromagnetic anomalies around them? What if these areas of molten rock serve as the tuning forks for those frequencies? It would make sense, wouldn’t it, to always aim your transmitters in the direction you’re going to broadcast. That means that 50% of the Earth might have frequencies beamed at it all the time. The marias are the radar dishes, and the disk-shaped mascons, which are located dead center inside the marias like giant bullseyes, are the actual transmitters.
We have another mention of Russian astronomer Kozyrev, and the gaseous burst he observed in Alphonsus Crater. He said these were fluorescent gases. Okay. Then, he saw a reddish glow that he said were carbon compounds. The problem here is he also saw that reddish glow moving around unnaturally until it later disappeared. That was 1958. In 1963, astronomers saw reddish glows around the crests of ridges of Aristarchus Region.
The author of the article thinks that, first off, the Moon is artificial, and whenever the Moon gets too close to the Earth, it ‘creaks’ thanks to the Earth’s gravity. Just like when you open a creaky door, which would not have creaked unless you got near enough to mess with it.
The next part goes on to say that data suggests the Moon is hollow. Astronaut Edgar Mitchell’s comment was that the Moon couldn’t be hollow, but instead had giant caverns in it that made it seem that way. Yeah, wank this, buddy. That one bland statement really covers every single anomaly that all these other people are observing and writing about for hundreds of years. A Dr. Farouk El Baz stated that experiments were conducted on the Moon to see if giant caverns were actually found. What were the results of these experiments? Well, they were never released to the public. Why do you think that is? Yeah, okay, Dr. Baz, when Mitchell is finished wanking me off, you can take over for him.
We’ve got some other stuff that was covered before. There are dense materials found on the Moon’s surface, like titanium that Earth people use to make planes and spaceships. We’ve got people who watched the astronauts drilling on the Moon, and come up with what looked like processed metals. We’ve got brass, mica and amphibole, and other substances that shouldn’t be on the Moon. We’ve got rusty iron particles, and iron particles that don’t rust at all. We’ve got the theory that the Moon came out of the Pacific Ocean, which I think is false, and the theory that the Moon was created from the leftovers of when the Earth was formed, which is also false, because the Earth would have long ago sucked it in through its gravity and absorbed it.
Then we’ve got some theories that are just plain dumb. 1. A planet crashed into the Earth and its debris formed the Moon. I don’t think so. 2. Even more hilarious, and which I covered before, the Moon was on its way to a cosmic party, and the Earth reached out to nab it and kept it. Right. Even noted sci-fi author Isaac Asimov discounted the capture theory as being utterly impossible.
The Moon should wobble but it doesn’t. Think of it like a ball with its mass off-center. It wouldn’t roll in a straight line, but there is the Moon, with its perfect circle around the Earth and always showing that one side to us. No other satellite in our solar system does this. Also, the Moon has a bulge, but that is on the dark side, so Earth’s gravity field could not have pulled on it to produce that bulge. Get the picture?
In July of 1970, two Russian scientists, Vasin and Schecherbakov, published an article about the Moon being artificial. I’ve read about this article a few times now, but in this case some of the details of their findings are given. These scientists proposed that the Moon was made somewhere far, far way, by beings that have technology far superior to what is currently available on Earth. Giant machines were used to melt rock into cavities, and the refuse was put on the surface. Thus, the inside hull would be protected by the outer shell of junk rock. Again, this sounds a lot more practical than a great Death Star made entirely of so much forged metal that multiple planets would be left barren.
This theory, according to the scientists, would explain every single anomaly about the Moon. This would include the densest rock being found on the surface, the elements, the maria, the mascons, the orbit, the water, the Moonquakes when the Earth is closer, and the lights and gas clouds made by equipment on or below the surface.
The problem is that if we admit the Moon is artificial, we’ll have to reevaluate a lot of our present beliefs. Our world governments or our general population are not ready to deal with such a change, and so they all sweep it under the rug and discredit those of us who care enough to delve into the subject looking for Truth.

(Source: Food For The Moon) This article begins with a reference to what is known as Fourth Way Philosophy. The goal of this philosophy is to take away the hypnotized and mechanical parts of humans, and to build within them an enlightened core. The founder of the movement is Georges Gurdjieff, and along with admonishing the mechanical acts of men, would also frequently say that men are ‘food for the Moon.’ While some would interpret that term as being figurative or symbolic, the author of this article firmly believes that Gurdjieff was being literal.
Peter Ouspensky was a disciple of the Fourth Way. He describes the Moon as being an embryo that uses electromagnetic energy to pull on all living things on Earth. When a human or other creature dies, their life essence is drawn away from Earth and absorbed by the Moon. (Santos Bonacci has stated something similar: The Moon takes away the dead souls, while Saturn introduces new souls to Earth.)
The Moon keeps most of us going, like the pendulum of a clock affecting all its gears. This would be true for the vast majority of humanity. Just look at the West. If everyone is told that it is necessary to go to college, to get married and have a career, and to raise children in the same exact way, then that is exactly what most people are going to do. There is no true creativity or individuality within them, for even the rebels in the crowd will want to conform to other rebels. I have long remarked that most people seem to lack much depth or dimension and are almost two-dimensional. They remind me more of cardboard images of people or supporting cast members in a movie. Without the Moon to ‘motivate’ us, Ouspensky believes people will be as passive as puppets without a puppeteer. Another initiate into this Fourth Way, one Rodney Collins, thinks that since humans are made mostly of water, and since the Moon pulls on water, perhaps the Moon affects us in more profound ways and can even account for the way our physical limbs move.
Ouspensky claims there is no connection between the full Moon and lunacy, because the Moon is using the same amount of pull regardless of what phase it is in. The author’s article admits that while this fact is true, the alignment between the Sun, the Moon and Earth ‘colors’ or influences what energies humans receive. The correlation between full Moons and erratic behavior in people is well documented. I will add further that this is why the Moon maintains a constant orbit around Earth, to ensure its influence will affect, possibly, every living thing on Earth. Think of the Moon as a revolving sprinkler system that makes sure every corner of a lawn is watered.
According to Grudjieff, the Moon is an embryo and dependent on its Mother Earth. The Moon cannot hold its own atmosphere or on its own produce life. It can be seen as a fetus with an electromagnetic umbilical cord attaching it to Earth, or it can even be seen as a parasite.
Upon death, the organic body returns to Earth, while the astral energies leave this world and make their way up to the Moon. Further, emotional or psychological suffering produces energies that ‘feed’ the Moon, and this is a bad thing for our personal evolution. Ouspensky’s solution to dislodge our selves from the Moon’s programming is to ‘create a Moon within ourselves.’ The author interprets this as becoming more self-aware, of making conscious choices not to conform to society’s expectations, but to help with our own personal evolution.
To keep this analysis at a reasonable reading length, I’ll cut it off here. Before The Moon Existed 9 will pick up where I left off, and will be posted soon.

Article 9 - Conclusion

This will be the last article in this series. I’ve scanned through the remaining 128 pages of material from Biblioteca Pleiades, and found more repetition of topics already covered, spiritual leanings from various cultures, and other subjects. While some of this material might be helpful to study, it veers too far away from my original purpose of trying to discern who brought the Moon into our solar system, or if nobody brought it, then how it came to be, and ultimately, what the purpose of the Moon is. I’ll have a sort of open-ended conclusion at the end of this article, and a list of the various ancient cultures that stated they were around before the Moon existed.

(Source: Food For The Moon) Boris Mouravieff, in his book Gnosis, outlined a more complete and accurate version of the Fourth Way. We must create a screen, Mouravieff explains, that will help prevent the Moon’s influence from reaching us and affecting us. Negative energies, uncontrolled fantasies, gossip and chatter must all be avoided. Good or positive sorts of energies must be focused and augmented inside our selves. It’s not enough for the world to simply be at peace, as the negative energies are still prevalent and will lead to future calamity, suffering and war.
The Moon’s energy is passive, the author continues, and while it does reflect the more dynamic energy of our Sol, it also taints this energy before it sends it flowing out in our direction. Also, it is suggested that the phases of the Moon are astrologically significant. Perhaps the architect of this matrix, God, set the Moon into its perfect orbit, or perhaps it was a collective of souls, but either way it would allow us to experience what we see as our reality.
On a side note, the people of Cassiopeia were once asked if the Moon was placed into orbit deliberately. Their response was that the answer would be infinitely complex, because everything was part of a plan. I’m including this tidbit in the hopes of tracking down more information on this reference later.
In his autobiography titled The Zelator, Mark Hedsel recounts his experiences in the mystery schools. Hedsel describes the ritual of the Three Day Pig. In it, and during the time of Halade Mistai, Greek initiates would carry young pigs out to the sea, where they would wash them and sacrifice them. The blood and bodies of the pigs were dedicated to the gods, and the pigs were buried deep in the Earth. Hedsel’s teacher explained that although the ritual was known as the Three Day Pig, it was more accurately the two and half day pig. Two and a half days is also a lunar period where the Moon traverses one full sign of the Zodiac.
Further, the teacher explained that the pig represented humanity in a couple of ways. One, humans are subject to the movements of the Moon, and two, the pigs symbolize the darker negative energies of mankind that refuse to become Enlightened. Men and women are sleeping under the influence of the Moon. The sacrifice is compared to a sacrificial burnt offering, where the carbonized material goes down, while the flames go up.
In the same way, the ritual of the Three Day Pig is a separation of body and soul. The pig, or the lower nature of man, must be buried or given over to the infernal hordes. The initiated spirit of man will continue to rise and seek perfection. The lower nature of man is thus symbolically rejected. There’s more. By rejecting the lower nature, we are giving back to the Moon what belongs to the Moon. The three days can also be seen as Purgatory, a time when a person’s sins are released as blood or sweat, and devoured by demons, in order for the soul to become purified. This cleansing is important, the teacher explained, because without it the world would have long ago become poisoned.
According to these teachings, the Moon represents purgatory. The Moon’s craters and other features are said to be skull-like, a reminder that sin leads to spiritual death. Even the horns depicted on the heads of demons are said to have originated from the cusps of the Moon. A vague link is given between demonic assault and the Moon, and that demons enjoy working in the dark.
In ancient Egypt, initiates used the darkness not to contact demons, but higher beings. They did this through the use of the precise airshafts of the Great Pyramid, which focused the influence of certain stars into the pyramid and among the initiates. Stone circles were also built to take advantage of the darkness, Hedsel writes, and especially during times of lunar eclipses when the Moon’s influence is thought to be at its weakest point.
Next, we have the idea of a Black Moon and a Light Moon. During a lunar eclipse, the negative energies that have been accumulating on Earth are sucked away as if through a cosmic safety valve. The Light Moon is a Moon warmed by the spiritual energies of the Sun, but modern man has long since lost the ability to perceive what is referred to as cosmic reality.
Esoteric literature, Hedsel’s teacher explains, describes the Moon having once been part of the Earth. The Moon had to leave the Earth, because otherwise the spiritual growth of mankind would be impeded. The separation of Earth and Moon had profound impacts on humankind and this is still seen in modern archetypes, although for the most part modern man can no longer perceive the deeper meaning of this. The material that forms the Moon is referred to as being dross, or junk metal.
We are told that humans cannot see or even begin to comprehend what lies in outer space, because we have very limited vision. This is corroborated when scientists state that the entire range of human vision might be as low as 0.01% of the total spectrum of light or energy that is out there.
The Moon had to separate from Earth, Hedsel’s teacher informed his students, because all of those heavier metals would have weighed down on the soul of man. Even now, and at a distance of half a million miles, the Moon affects us in many ways with its metallic nature.
Okay, if I haven’t lost you yet, here are a few more fascinating twists. Hedsel’s teacher warms his students not to dabble in spiritism, such as consulting mediums or attending séances, because only negative beings are attracted to such people and places. The realm of the dead cannot be reached, and it is contrary to cosmic law to try to reach this place. It is reiterated that this is a very important point.
In addition, behind the Moon is another small planet, called the Eighth Sphere. This is not a physical world, but it exists in another dimension. The beings that inhabit this place are negative, and seek to suck the negative energies of humans, and human souls, into their other-dimensional world to keep them imprisoned there forever. According to Hedsel’s teacher, this is one of the most hidden secrets of the Mystery Schools. The beings from this other world are what we would know as demons, who thrive on evil and corruption. The Moon is described as a reflection of the Eighth Sphere, and the Eighth Sphere is something real, but not physical.
The Eighth Sphere encompasses the non-physical areas of the Matrix Control System, or Hologram Universe, and the hierarchy of Service To Self, not including the physical reality in which humans exist.

Included in the Eighth Sphere:
1. The lower astral planes where carnal and demonic thought-forms dwell.
2. The hyper-dimensional realms inhabited by reptilians.
3. The parasitic, etheric lattice that overlays the Earth and comprises the Matrix.
4. A 2nd density soul-pool whose organic portals are incarnate extensions. (?)
5. The demiurgic black hole, which is a creature positioned atop the Service To Self hierarchy, and sucking into itself all the energy gathered from the lower tiers.

For reference, the following authors and works are recommended: Rudolf Steiner, Carlos Castaneda, Robert Monroe, Dr. William Baldwin, the Cassiopaean Transcripts, and the author’s articles on the Matrix. (Discount Castaneda! After reading several of his books, I’ve come to the conclusion that he was a total fraud!)
Now, how does the Moon work with the Matrix? The gravity between the Earth, the Moon and the Sun interacts. These magnetic forces form a cyclical variation between the physical and non-physical dimensions. Just before and just after a new moon, the veil between dimensions is at its thinnest. This is when hostile beings are able to penetrate our reality.
However, attacks from hyper-dimensional beings notwithstanding, there are positive aspects to be found during the arrival of full moons. The full Moon is a good time for spiritual growth, to begin new projects, and to make things happen by gaining a good mental grip on them.
Thanks to this thinning between dimensions, occult practices such as remote viewing, invocation, psychic warfare and scrying have more success. Such practices aid demons in hurting and attacking people, but they also allow those practices to be more accurate.
Described are the negative aspects of new moons and full moons. New moons lead to over-sensitivity, dissatisfaction and depression. Full moons cause overreaction, violence and lunacy. The Moon controls imagination, and both new and full moons provoke false suspicions, misunderstandings and unfounded worries. The difference is that during the new moon these negative energies are expressed internally, while in the full moon they are external.
This article goes on to emphasize Moon cycles and psychic attacks, but since this is taking me too far away from the idea of the origin and purpose of the Moon, I’ll close up the series here.

Conclusions: We know next to nothing regarding the true nature of the Moon. Much of what we do know has been tainted by the expectations and outright deceptions of the people we’ve entrusted to tell us the truth. We cannot trust NASA; that much is certain, for they have a broad history of lying and of hiding evidence from the general public. Also, they use occult numerology in their dates, such as discovering recent comets on, what a coincidence, the significant Masonic date numbers of 9/11. The history of NASA is replete with figures who were prominent in the occult or the Nazi regime and / or in secret societies, and it is from people like these that we are getting the official story.
As for the unofficial story, we have an abundance of evidence that the Moon is not a natural object. It did not form locally unless whatever process was used in forming it gave it properties that make it appear older than the Earth. To my way of reasoning, I think it very plausible that the Moon was created elsewhere and towed into its current station. Also, its orbit is, in my opinion, too perfect, and so there must be some corrective mechanism or computer keeping the Moon in its perpetual balance. Otherwise it would have shot away from Earth or come crashing down on us a long time ago.
The way the truth is being kept away from the public makes me wonder if this is part of the control system our world governments use to dominate the masses. In general, and sadly enough, people will always look to a higher authority in which to invest their beliefs in. They will look to academia, to government or to religion for their answers. All of these institutions are fallible, and all have shown great examples of corruption in what they present to the public as being true, both historically and in modern times. What happens when the truth is hidden away, or corrupted by those who choose to hoard it for their own selfish gain and profit?
We must go out and seek the truth for ourselves or else we will never discover it. We cannot trust our current leadership to do this for us, and so we must abandon our leaders and their selfish, archaic ways of thinking, and their many manipulations that they have forced down upon us. Not everyone is capable of doing this, however, for most people enjoy being consumers or cattle, and willingly oblige their rulers by following whatever new rule or obligation is imposed on them, no matter how harsh, taxing or ludicrous.
There are some of us, on the other hand, who believe in unearthing the truth, and in revealing it to others who choose not to be slaves like the majority of humanity is today. The Moon is an artificial space station, and it beams all manner of energies down upon our planet that affect us in many ways, and that control our evolution in many ways. Instead of accepting the official lie and swallowing it up hook, line and sinker like some gullible guppy, what say we put our collective heads together and figure this out once and for all?
The New World Order is in a scramble right now, today, in trying to keep all their dominoes standing. Those dominoes are on shaky ground. If those that believe in truth keep pushing against them, it is only a matter of time before they begin to fall. When they do fall, the entire system of control and the bevy of deceptions and lies will be exposed. Only then can the mass of humanity shake itself away from its masters, and consider itself to truly be free.

Addendum - Ancient References

Here is a brief list of historical observations and mythologies, regarding the time before the Moon was visible in our sky:

Africa – The Zulu believe the Moon is like an egg with the yolk taken out of it. Also, their mythology includes the Moon being controlled by two reptilian entities that David Icke compares with the account of Enki and Enlil from Sumeria.
Babylon – In the Babylonian / Chaldean version of the Genesis myth, the Moon’s birth is described as the god Anu opening up the original watery abyss and creating a whirling motion like boiling. The Moon passed through this opening like a giant bubble and made its way across the heavens.
Bolivia – Dr. P. Allen has interpreted ancient symbols found in Tiahuanaco as stating that the Moon came into orbit around the Earth between 11,500 and 13,000 years ago.
Colombia – The natives of Bogota reminisce about a time when the Moon was ‘not yet in the sky.’
Finland - The Kalevala recalls a time when the Moon was placed in orbit.
Greece – Several Greek historians refer to accounts from the Arcadians that originally inhabited Greece. These peoples speak of the Pelasgians or Proselenes, another ancient peoples, as being around before the Moon was visible in the sky. Pelasgus was said to be the first Man, who sprung out from something natural, such as a tree or rock.
Japan – The Nihongi Chronicles recount how Heaven and Earth together produced the Moon.
Sumeria – The work of Z. Sitchin presents a great battle on the planet Tiamat. The planet was violently divided in two, with one half completely destroyed and the other half becoming our modern Earth. Kingu, a moon of Tiamat, went on to become our Luna.
Tibet – Ancient texts point to the lost continent of Gondwana as existing before the Moon.

That’s nine accounts from different cultures and civilizations, from all over the world. Modern academia will say that all of these accounts are fantasy and should be ignored or forgotten about. It is up to you to decided what is truth and what is fantasy, but I will say that academia is suppressing whatever paradigm-shattering archeological findings are being made today, just like the Church of Rome suppressed science and learning in the Middle Ages. Take a stand today and be your own person, or get swept away by the tidal wave of the masses and never know the truth. Make your choice.

#####

Media Reviews

No media reviewed for this issue.

#####

I Want Contributors!

ADVERTISERS: If you have artwork, a book, a movie or some other product you’d like to promote, send me an e-mail and let’s see if it fits in with the e-zine. I would love to promote material from amateur or independent producers. It’s a straight deal at this point; I will post your ad, and you can help me promote the e-zine. I don’t think I’ll get a sudden flood of advertisers, but if I do, this barter idea might evolve into something more complex. For now, free is the key word!
GENERAL PUBLIC: Readers, I am looking for submissions from you! You can send in your short stories (up to 10 - 15 pages or around 6,000 words), sample chapters, digital artwork, media reviews, commentary, author interviews, general feedback and articles on writing. These can be in a variety of topics, including history, mythology, the paranormal, the metaphysical, political corruption, advances in science, LARPing, whatever, as long as it has some kind of non-mainstream strangeness to it. How about some poetry? Fiction can range from MEDIUM to HIGH controversy, or about from PG to R ratings, because I don’t like pop culture fluff or vicarious cat stories. Bleah! I take cats apart here, sew them up and make little Frankenstein Kitties out of them.
This e-zine is a FREE publication with no outside advertising. As such, I can only reward contributors with exposure and a free digital copy. On the plus side, you have a new venue that you can pass around while promoting your work. Anything that comes along my way will be considered Creative Commons ‘copy and share’ material, and everything submitted will remain the property of the creator.
Send your submissions to:

raymondtowers777 @ yahoo dot com


#####

About The Publisher / Author

Greetings, reader. My pen name is Raymond Towers. Primarily, I write darker fiction in the fantasy, horror and science fiction genres, but I do dabble about in other genres as well depending on my whims. I like to think that I have a unique perspective on the world and life in general, and I tend to shake things up to break people out of their doldrums. If you want to read something 'safe,' then I'm probably not the author for you. My favorite authors are in a wide range, from Asimov, Clarke and Farmer, to King, Lovecraft and Poe, to Burroughs, Tolkien and Twain. All the big names, as that is the level I aspire to reach. I especially enjoy combining aspects you won't normally see together in fiction, and on taking the next step and reaching for the farthest, blackest edge of the abyss. The place where most other authors leave off, that is the place where I get started. The question is; are you ready for that?

#####

If you’ve enjoyed reading this magazine, please consider posting a review or leaving a comment. I encourage constructive criticism and feedback submitted with positive intentions. For more details on my books and writing, I’ve listed my websites below. Thank you for your support, and if you enjoyed the content, be sure to pass this magazine along to others!

Send me an e-mail at:
RaymondTowers777@yahoo.com

My main author website at Raymond Towers Dot Com:
http://www.raymondtowers.com/

My author page on Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/raymondtowers

My writer’s blog on Wordpress:
https://raymondmtowers.wordpress.com

My research blog on hidden truth and conspiracies, Verum Et Inventa:
https://verumetinventa.wordpress.com/

