

About the cover: The cover image is titled Tree In Savo. The image was taken by Anna Langova and can be found on Public Domain Pictures. (This picture was used to promote the short story Bastardlope Safari, found in last month’s issue. It’s the perfect image to encapsulate the looming dog days of summer!) Font: Book Antiqua.

In Issue No. 7, for August 2019: three chapters from the serial Snatched Up! Also included are short stories from Variant Worlds 1, entries from new book Thorns V, and new stories on the takedown of American and how Trump will save the world. Plenty of articles to read, including Before The Moon 3, Mexico’s NWO president and full notes on Sitchin’s book The 12th Planet. Rating: HIGH controversy.

#####

Verum Et Inventa
DARK FICTION BY RAYMOND TOWERS
This is a magazine of dark fiction, mostly, in the genres of fantasy, horror and science fiction. Primarily, I am here to promote my fiction writing, but I am also looking forward to including submitted material from other writers with similar styles or non-traditional ideas, as well as contributions from reviewers, commentators and, hopefully, one day, even fans. In addition, and following what you might be familiar with from print digest-type magazines, I will also include articles based on my personal research, or the research of others, many of which will be controversial and difficult to absorb for the normies. Honestly, there are plenty of other outlets out there that pull their punches or whitewash what is true and promote what is fabrication. Verum Et Inventa is Latin for Truth And Fables, or Truth And Fiction, if you will. If you’ve come to read an adventure, I will give you one. If, after that, you want to read an article that might cause you to see things in a different way than before, I’m aiming to provide that as well.

“In modern times, you shouldn’t have to sell your soul.” - Tears For Fears, from their song Shout

“The lunar base is bound to happen – it’s the next logical step,” he said. “I’d go to the moon in a nanosecond. The problem is we don’t have the technology to do that anymore. We used to but we destroyed that technology and it’s a painful process to build it back again.” - Nashole Astronaut Don Petit, Space For Innovation Conference 2017

Put simply, the iPhone 6’s clock is 32,600 times faster than the best Apollo era computers and could perform instructions 120,000,000 times faster. You wouldn’t be wrong in saying an iPhone could be used to guide 120,000,000 Apollo era spacecraft to the moon, all at the same time. - ZME Science 2019

https://www.zmescience.com/research/technology/smartphone-power-compared-to-apollo-432/

“It can’t be the computing technology, so it must be the nuts and bolts, the gold foil and metal sheeting that Petit is talking about, right? Yeah, nuts and bolts are at quantum level now, when compared to their equivalents from 1969. No way we can replicate those old nuts and bolts today.
The entire Apollo space program cost 25.4 billion dollars, or in adjusted 2019 dollars, 174 billion. Obama signed new space legislation, and now Trump has created some kind of mysterious ‘space force’ that we know nothing about. Is any of this starting to sink in yet, Sheep?” - Raymond Towers

#####

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2019 Raymond Towers

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: Thank you for downloading this free e-book. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite e-book retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

All of the characters in this e-book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons, whether living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This is issue number 7 of Verum Et Inventa magazine, with an official release date of August 1st, 2019. This magazine is produced on an erratic schedule, with a minimum of 100 pages of content per issue. Links to back issues of this magazine can be found on the Freebie page at Raymond Towers Dot Com.

Rating: This issue contains a LOW to EXTREME amount of controversial subject matter.

#####


Table Of Contents

Editorial
Modern Fantasy And Science Fiction
Space Children
From Variant Worlds
Snatched Up!
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
A Doomed Affair
Cooper And The Cats
The Demise Of The Queen
Satire
The Literal, Liberal Takedown Of America, Part 1
True Paranormal
From Thorns V - The Narrow Road
2016, July 19 - Automatic Writing, It’s My Fault!
2017, January 17 - Lucid Dream, Manifesting From The Sky
2018, May 12 - Automatic Writing, Portents Of Doom
Story Starters
Trump ‘Saves’ The World

Non-Fiction Section
Articles
Naming Your Italian Characters
Protesting A Female Dr. Who Is Sexist?
Mexico’s President Obrador; Another NWO Scumbag
Before The Moon Existed; Article 3
Notes On Zechariah Sitchin’s 12th Planet
Media Reviews
I Want Contributors!
About The Publisher / Author

#####

Editorial
Welcome, open-minded readers, to another exciting issue of Verum Et Inventa magazine! To start with, this is a big issue with over 150 Doc pages! Here’s what I have lined up for you this time around:
In the fiction section, you will find 3 more chapters of the serial Snatched Up! This is followed by a few short stories, not too controversial, also from the collection Variant Worlds 1. A Doomed Affair is a short piece with a vague medieval feel to it. I did this deliberately to convey an open, airy feel to it, and also because it was intended to be a flash fiction story of less than a thousand words. Cooper And The Cats and Demise Of The Queen are a little longer, both in the modern fantasy genre, with Cooper leaning toward alien beings and Demise to the idea of mechanical butlers.
I’ve also added a couple of pieces written just in this last month. The flash fiction short bit Space Children came about while I was going through my desktop wallpapers. Literal, Liberal Takedown stems from an idea I had a couple of months ago. I had not written this earlier because I wasn’t sure if I wanted a serious or humorous theme for it. I’ve decided to go more toward satirical humor, including hot topics in today’s charged political spectrum. The rest of the series will probably be racy and thorny, similar to what I’ve done in this first chapter. If you’d like for me to continue the series, let me know, as it isn’t in the genres I usually delve into.
Next, I have included three entries from my latest release Thorns V. This is the fifth book I have written based on TRUE paranormal experiences I have personally witnessed. This book deals with a lot of weird stuff most people never get to see. Lucky me, I get to see it all the time, and I’m not afraid to research it on a hands-on basis, or to follow the trail of spectral bread crumbs wherever it takes me.
The final story in the fiction section is my Story Starter, Trump ‘Saves’ The World. It’s not in the way that you think Trump might save us all, and I do have the source links to back it up. I’ll drop a hint: true Catholic prophecy!
In the non-fiction section, I have included several controversial articles. The only tame one is for writers, and that’s on Naming Italian Characters. My article on a female Dr. Who is from a couple of years back, but I felt its content was relevant with the recent announcement that the next James Bond movie will feature a black woman as the lead. Also, I only posted one additional part in my series Before The Moon Existed. That is Part 3 dealing with the vexing work of Russian scientist Khatib Alexander, regarding what he thinks the Moon really is. A new article centers on Mexican president Obrador, who has turned out to be just another power-hungry tyrant in the mold of Venezuela’s Maduro and Cuba’s Castro, but unfortunately a lot of Mexican Sheep still can’t grasp what this scumbag is up to.
Finally, I have written down a good 40 pages of notes based on Zechariah Sitchin’s book The 12th Planet. This is a highly disputed book with a lot of criticism aimed at it, and I figured that the harder critics bash it and its author, the more reason I have to read it. Anything that shakes up the status quo so much is bound to have a lot of Truth in it, and I have to say that based on my personal research, I am seeing a lot of confirmations into what I’ve already come to understand as deliberately hidden facts.
There was a developing story that I wanted to research, but I just didn’t have the time for it. It has to do with how quickly Israel is moving to build the Third Temple of Solomon. Just to keep you up to date, people in Israel are already breeding red heifers and they have legalized animal sacrifices. Israeli politicians are negotiating with Arab countries to allow Israel access to the Jordan Valley, which I’ve heard has some strong prophetic importance, and just a couple of days ago an Israeli political candidate said that rebuilding the Third Temple will be his highest priority. We are very close to seeing the pieces come together, in what Jews feel will signal the return of their Messiah. You may not believe that, but the Jews believe it, and they are continually manipulating to get Trump and US forces into Syria and Iran as soon as possible.
Why? Could it possibly have something to do with the five or seven original cities the Anunnaki built in Mesopotamia, as seen in Sitchin’s book? Are we going to see the return of Enlil / Yahweh in the next few years? In the 12th Planet, Sitchin tells us that Enlil refused to tell the lulus, or Earthlings, that Nibiru’s passing was going to cause major devastation and the Great Deluge. Is it a coincidence that mainstream lame-stream Fake News is keeping global crop losses and natural disasters out of the public eye so much? At any rate, I might be looking into this whole Third Temple prophecy bit in the near future.
Speaking of disasters, something else that just came up this week is the news that part of Antarctica is melting. That would be the Ross Ice Shelf. It if goes, one estimate is that ocean levels will rise by around 60 feet. Scientists are already theorizing on using ‘ice cannons’ and dropping 7,400 gigatons of artificial snow to stabilize it. One gigaton is equal to 50 million regular tons, so this is something that bears keeping an eye on!
That’s it for the intro. I’m out until next time! Ciao, baby!

Raymond Towers

#####


Space Children

The space children stood on the barren landscape of Luna, staring out at the deep blue orb that wasn’t too far away. They were a little boy and little girl, dressed in ethereal white and holding hands, while a cool draft of solar wind ruffled their untidy hair.
“Do you really want to go there?” The little boy asked.
“It isn’t so far away.” The little girl replied.
“The people that live there think it is. Besides, they have all sorts of stupid little rules to follow. It won’t be easy for people like us to visit such a place, when we aren’t used to so many rules.”
“I know. Other people like us have gone down there. The ones that come back said the many rules are cumbersome and unnecessary. They tell that it becomes a challenge to work within that framework to get anything at all accomplished.”
“That planet is full of savages.” The little boy scowled. “The people like us that have gone, and not returned, have all gone insane with the vices of those primitive savages.”
“I know, but I have faith that if we go together, we will accomplish good things there. Will you come with me?”
“Let the savages sort out their own problems. That isn’t our concern.”
“I will go alone.”
“No! If you go, I must go with you. I cannot bear to be without you.”
“We will go together.”
Reluctantly, the boy agreed with a nod. “I will go with you. We must take care not to become separated on our arrival. Others that have gone before us speak of a whirlwind that spins our people in all directions. Very few of us arrive at our chosen destinations. Those of us that go in pairs always become separated. I fear we too will become separated.”
“Then, once we are there, we will find one another.” The little girl said. “Because we must.”

#####


Variant Worlds 1



About the series: New worlds, variant worlds, beckon for you to come and explore them. These worlds are full of fantasy and science fiction. Travel through space, through jungles, into your own backyard and even into your mind. These worlds begin where your reality ends, and they will take you everywhere. In these collections of short stories, you will see, hear and smell the exotic. You will experience everything, and everything will experience you.

About this title: - Welcome to Variant Worlds 1. This is a collection of fantasy and science fiction ranging from short stories to novellas. In these tales, everyday people like you and I must come to grips with the strange and perilous realities that have been presented to them. Only by relying on their inner strength, their wisdom and their humanity will they forge ahead and survive. Rating: MEDIUM controversy.

Variant Worlds 1 was first released on Sept. 14, 2010. It has recently been revised and re-released. Read the first 20% or purchase this collection at Smashwords, or find out more about the series on Raymond Towers Dot Com.

#####


Snatched Up!

7

The more able-bodied of the group set off the next morning, bright and early, with only the oldsters and the now slightly injured Beetle left behind. Dougie and Richelle were engaged in a fast moving conversation, Jesse noticed, and while Cindy tried to keep up with them, it was still a painfully awkward interaction. Betty was more or less keeping pace with Jesse, but they weren’t talking very much. Brenda and Ellis were in the lead, and conversely, they were chatting it up as if they’d been close friends for years.
Jesse looked out toward the foliage, knowing instinctively that Janey was out there, but no matter how hard he tried, he could never spot her. She moved like a ninja.
Ellis raised his voice so that everyone could hear him. “Whatever is attacking us is only attacking when we’re alone, so be sure to stay near somebody at all times.”
The three men, plus Janey, were all heavily armed, while Brenda, Cindy and Richelle only carried a couple of sharpened tools. Jesse knew Brenda would strike out at something, and strike at it hard, but as for the other two young ladies, there was no telling how they’d react to imminent danger or violence.
They reached the cavern entrance in just under two hours, where they paused for a quick break. That was when Janey finally joined them, strolling in from a completely unexpected direction.
Brenda was walking around giving last minute instructions. “We’re going to break up into teams once we get to the store, like we discussed earlier. Each team is going to concentrate on getting what it is they were assigned to get. If anybody finishes up early, nobody will mind if you go to the next team’s area and give them a hand. Ellis, Janey and Jesse are going to work on getting the forklift out, Cindy, Dougie, and Richelle are going into garden, and Betty and myself will be heading first to the back of the store for the lift harness. Once we have that, we’ll be going into receiving to gather the rest of the bottled drinks. Those of us filling up shopping carts will line up our supplies near the cash registers. Any questions?”
Dougie raised his hand.
“You may not ask a question.” Brenda halted his shenanigans before they bore any fruit. “Anybody else?”
Dougie raised his hand again.
“Fine” Brenda knew she was being set up. “What do you want, Dougie?”
“When’s lunch?”
Brenda rolled her eyes. “Lord have mercy, I’m getting ready to strangle this child!”
That produced several chuckles from the group.
They were about to start moving when Janey motioned for Ellis and Jesse to come over. “You two want to take a look at this?”
“What is it?” Ellis asked.
Janey pointed at the ground, at the edge of the entrance to the cavern. “See those marks, like somebody’s been dragging a barrel around? Those are the tracks I’ve been telling you guys about.”
“Well, we didn’t make them, that’s for sure.” Ellis crouched down to scrutinize the evidence. After a moment, he reached up to scratch under his miner’s hat. “What do you think it was?”
“I don’t know, but it’s clever.” Janey said. “Whatever did this kept close to the edge of the cavern entrance. It didn’t walk right through the middle like we did. And I can’t tell if there’s more than one, because there’s only this single trail. There could be a hundred things crawling around, but we’d never know it from this one trail.” 
“Could this be from a giant worm or a giant caterpillar?” Ellis asked.
Janey shrugged. “I don’t know. I just know the trail leads into the cavern, right where we’re going. I’d even bet you it’s going toward the store. I can’t tell you how many of these things there were, or even if they might still be inside waiting for us. I do know at least one of them, the most recent one, came back out.”
“How can you tell?” Jesse asked.
Janey crouched and pointed at the edges of the trail. “See these marks here? They stop, then they move a few feet, then they stop again. The last thing that moved along here was going that way, out of the cavern.”
Once it had been pointed out, Jesse agreed that the assumption made sense. He gazed skeptically towards the great cavern they were about to plunge into. “And you say they could be waiting for us inside?”
“If this thing, or these things, are trying to ambush us, it’s very possible.” Janey answered. “The only thing working for us is that we’re in a large group, like Ellis mentioned a little while ago.”
“You heard me say that?” Ellis asked. “I didn’t think you were anywhere near us.”
“Your voice does carry out into the bushes, you know.” Janey smirked. “Especially when you’re talking out loud like that.”
“Well, if they know we’re coming, and we know they might be in there,” Jesse suggested. “How about we go in there with our Tiki torches already lit?”
Originally, they’d planned to set the torches up when they’d arrived at the store, to keep the bats away while they worked on freeing the forklift. Ellis saw some merit in Jesse’s idea, though. “Let’s do it.”
They’d only brought along four torches, since they could always get more from the stacks they still had inside the store. Using their barbecue lighters, they fired up the wicks and soon had bright orange flames spouting from them.
Bravely, Ellis took the lead, with Jesse following close behind. The youngsters and Betty went in the middle. Brenda and Janey brought up the rear.
“Hopefully, the bats will stay away from us because of the flames and the smoke.” Ellis reinforced his own courage. “But if they don’t, I bet that if we set one of them on fire it’ll give the rest of them second thoughts. Their matted fur will light up in a second.”
Since Jesse carried no torch, he was scanning out with his flashlight instead. “Hey, look, Janey was right. The trail does go right to the store.”
“Is that girl ever wrong?” Ellis asked.
After a handful of tense minutes, they reached the broken store. Ellis posted the four burning Tiki torches in a tight perimeter in front of the fallen canopy, while the rest of the group advanced toward the front of the store.
Janey and Jesse checked the main entrance, where they’d sprinkled plaster powder and set up some items that anyone trying to gain entry wouldn’t be able to avoid. It appeared that nothing had entered, as everything lay undisturbed. Once inside, they took up a steady jog, moving towards the second main entrance and the sliding garden doors. All of the furniture they’d piled up beside the doors on that side wasn’t misplaced, either.
They went back to rejoin the others.
“It doesn’t look like anything got in here.” Jesse declared.
Part of Brenda and Betty’s mission required maneuvering around the lumber area. They’d also planned on checking the emergency door by the break room, as well as the second emergency door in the back end of Lumber.
“Okay, people.” Brenda said, trying to calm her own nerves. “We don’t have working walkies anymore, so we have to be extra careful out here. We get our job done, and we meet up by the registers as soon as we can. Got it?”
Half a dozen nods and murmurs resulted.
Janey and Jesse followed the youngsters towards Garden, helping to move the various obstacles from before the doors, before they too splintered off from the bunch.
Richelle’s job was to point out the trees and plants that might bear vegetables or fruit, and to gather as many seeds and small containers as they could manage. They were planning on beginning a fruit and vegetable garden in the burrow, inside of starter pots. No plants would be set into permanent ground until they’d grown to a suitable size. Richelle’s secondary task was to round up whatever farming tools she could find, from hoes and shovels to planting spades and gardening gloves. Cindy and Dougie were at her command.
Janey and Jesse both grabbed armfuls of Tiki torches and replacement fuel, and stuffed them into the nearest empty shopping cart, which they then wheeled back to the canopy. Ellis was precariously clambering over the fallen canopy when they found him.
The big man started back towards them. “Well, it looks like all the racks are tilted sideways, with the roof sitting right on top of them. They’re holding each other up now. If we start messing around with them too much, the racks will fall completely over and there’s no way we’re gonna get the forklift out that way. On the other side, we’ve got all those sacks of cement to worry about. I don’t want to go in that direction unless we absolutely have to. So that leaves only one option, and that’s to clear off these pieces of sheet metal out of the way and drive the lift straight out.”
From Jesse’s perspective, their mission would be a tough one. Each piece of the heavy sheet metal that made up the canopy might have been ten feet squared. “How are we going to break those things apart?”
“In theory, that’s easy.” Ellis explained. “One of us crawls under the canopy, finds where the bolts attach the sheets of metal to the steel frame, and we unscrew everything. In reality, a lot of those bolts are going to be a bitch to loosen up. We may end up having to break them off with a hammer and chisel.”
Janey was already looking for an opening. “I can crawl under there.”
“All three of us will be down there in a few minutes.” Ellis nodded. “First, I have to go into the store and grab a bunch of heavy duty wrenches and lubricant.”
Janey looked ready to give the canopy a whack with her axe.
“Don’t do that.” Ellis warned. “We don’t want to mess the sheets up too much.”
“Why not?” Janey asked.
“We can use them later. We can lug these pieces back to the burrow and build stuff with them. We can put a couple of pieces right over the entrance to keep the rain out, and with a few support beams, they’re plenty strong enough to hold our weight. We can even make a little railing around the edge and have us a little sundeck. Heck, we’ve got all kinds of patio furniture in stock. We can put all that stuff to good use!”
Full of fanciful ideas, Ellis was nearly beaming as he retreated into the store.
“I guess all we need now is a few martinis with little umbrellas in them.” Jesse joked.
Janey, on the other hand, considered the steel sheets from a military standpoint. “If we put a couple of these up by the entrance, we can fortify the area beneath them pretty easily with cement blocks. We’ll be able to defend ourselves from there, and we won’t be forced to hide inside the tunnel whenever we get threatened. We’ll have our own little bunker.”
“How do you come up with this stuff?” Jesse asked.
“My dad was in the army.” Janey revealed. “He likes to build things and he likes to hunt. Didn’t your dad ever teach you anything?”
“No.” Jesse admitted. “My dad is a drunk. All he taught me was how to drink lots of beer.”
Janey found this hilarious.
“That wasn’t supposed to be funny.”
This made her laugh even more.
Once her chuckles had subsided, Janey said, “Come on, let’s finish putting these torches up before Ellis comes back.”
Whereas Ellis had placed his four flaming markers within ten feet of where he’d been standing, Janey and Jesse set about a dozen torches in a straight line, each spaced about ten or so feet from the last. This way, they set a flickering and very visible perimeter around the edge of the fallen canopy.
“Listen.” Janey crouched down, holding her axe ready.
Jesse mimicked her posture, hearing at least one pair of flapping wings past the audible flicker of flames. They were a good distance away and soon faded into the darkness.
“They’re checking us out.” Janey told him. “Some of the braver ones might come in a little closer, to see if they can snatch one of us while we’re not paying attention. Keep your eyes open no matter what.”
The horrific image of the store manager getting yanked away by one of the giant bats flashed across Jesse’s mind. “Don’t worry, I’m not letting one of those things get me.”
“If one tries to swoop on you, grab one of those torches and burn its balls off.”
Dumbfounded, Jesse watched the strong-willed young woman stand erect and stroll almost casually to the easiest spot to squeeze under. The metal sheet was a good foot and a half off the ground. Reluctantly, Janey set her axe to one side and dropped down on her stomach. She realized it would be easier entering on her back, quickly rolled over and scurried under the metal. In less than five seconds, she was out of sight.
“Give me your light!” She called out.
Jesse reached under the metal with his flashlight. It too disappeared under the sea of dusty metal a moment later. He dropped down to one knee, listening to Janey squirm around.
“Ellis isn’t going to like this.” She said. “The sheets are bolted to a girder, like he said, but the edges of the sheets are welded together, probably to prevent leaks. I’m going to scoot in a little further.”
A few minutes later, Ellis jogged back out and joined them. Jesse told him about the new development.
Ellis frowned. “We have equipment that can cut through metal, but it’s all electrical. And then we have compressors that run on fuel, that we can use to power some of the other equipment, but we don’t have any gasoline for that.”
“What if we loosen the bolts and try to ram the forklift through?” Jesse asked.
“Which way are the forks facing?”
“Towards the rolling gate.”
“Well, we can’t punch a hole through.” Ellis theorized. “So that means we’ll have to try and bring it out ass first.” He shrugged. “I guess we can give it a try.”
Janey’s arm poked out from under the broken canopy. “Wrench and lubricant, gimme, gimme!”
The tools were handed over. Jesse got down on his back, getting ready to wriggle through next.
“Am I going to be able to fit in there?” Ellis asked.
Jesse had only moved a few feet when the sheet metal was pressing against his head and chest. “Don’t think so, boss.” He pushed himself past, gaining a little breathing room, but not much. “I can barely get through myself.”
“All right, I’m going over to work on freeing up the propane tanks.” His shoes could be heard crunching away on the dirt.
Maneuvering was tough, Jesse discovered, and on top of that, his own breath was being blasted back at his face by the sheet metal. Turning his head to breathe helped, but it also kicked up cement dust, and he didn’t want too much of the toxic substance filling up his lungs. On top of that, the air was stuffy and getting hotter by the second. He inched up a little more, when his head bumped into something.
“That’s my foot.” Janey’s voice echoed down to him.
Jesse angled his body away and slid up until his head was parallel to hers. “What do you want me to do?”
She pointed with her light. “See that?” The beam focused on a ten-inch high, five-inch thick steel girder. “Even if we got all the sheets out of the way, the forklift still has to get past that thing. And if you ask me, undoing all these bolts is a waste of time. Just look at them.” The light swept across the girder. “They’re all completely rusted.”
“You got any better ideas?”
“Yeah, I do.” Janey answered. “We get to the forklift, start it up and try to ram our way out. How much load can it carry?”
“Uh, six thousand pounds, I think.”
“You think the canopy weighs more than that?”
“Yeah.”
“What about only the part we have to get through?”
“That I don’t know.”
“Well, let’s find out.” Janey wiggled away.
It might have been forty feet to the forklift, but luckily the path got progressively easier as they went along. The fallen canopy, instead of drooping close to the ground, was now being held aloft by sturdy shelving, stacks of cement, and the forklift itself. The two worked themselves up to a standing position, one on either side of the lift.
“This thing save my life.” Jesse patted the tough machine. “It kept the whole damn roof from crashing down on my head.”
Janey was even more proficient at driving the lift than Jesse was, as a big part of her job was to load and unload flatbed trailers full of merchandise. She hopped up on the driver’s seat. “We ready to roll or what?”
Jesse recalled how just a couple of days earlier, he’d been standing in almost the exact same spot and waiting for the store manager to open up the rolling gate. What a difference from the situation they were in now. He had a sudden thought. “Hey, wait a minute!”
“What?”
“There’s a wide aisle on the other side of that gate!”
“So?”
“So, there isn’t that much debris filling up that part of the store. If we can get the gate open, you can drive the lift inside the store and get it turned around in there.”
Janey mulled this over. “But there’s no other way out for the forklift. We’ll still have to come out this way.”
“Yeah, but maybe we can use the forks to force more of the canopy down. Then, we won’t have to tear our way through the canopy, when we can roll right over the whole roof!”
“You mean over the girders?”
“Sure, the canopy is welded and bolted together, so it might hold steady long enough for us to use it as a small ramp.” The weight of the forklift, Jesse knew, would tear through the metal if they stayed in the same spot too long. “And even if the metal does tear, we’re right next to the lumber aisle. We’ll go find some four by four planks, or bigger ones, and lay them down in front of the lift. We’ll still be able to drive over that no problem.”
“Should I punch through the gate?” Janey sounded mischievous.
“That might be dangerous.” Jesse deflated her spirits. “Let me crawl back out and see if I can open it up.”
“Why don’t you see if Ellis can do it?”
“Good idea.” Jesse replied, making his way around the front of the lift. “Don’t turn the lift on yet, you’ll suffocate the both of us with its exhaust fumes.”
“I know that!”
Jesse flashed his light towards the tilted shelving, and the canopy tightly draped across its top. “Ellis!” He shouted. “You there?”
“I hear you!” The big man’s voice came back.
“Can you go inside the store and open up the rolling gate?”
“What for?”
“We’ve got a plan!”
Ellis mumbled some sort of reply, but Jesse only caught the last few words. “…A few minutes!”
Jesse carefully retreated by about a dozen feet, until he was back beside the forklift.
“Turn off your light.” Janey asked him.
He did.
It was pitch black in the confined space, so dark he felt as if he’d been buried alive.
“This is where you were, right after the big quake?” Janey asked.
“Yeah. Don’t remind me.”
“And it was this dark?”
“Yeah, until I figured out I could use the little light on my phone. It didn’t help a heck of a lot, by the way.”
“And you didn’t know if you were going to live or die?”
“Not at that moment.” Jesse admitted. “I thought maybe the roof of the forklift might still cave in on me, or the ground might open up or something.”
“This is intense.” Janey remarked. “I mean, the lights went out in receiving. We did have all sorts of stuff falling down all over the place, but we made it outside until the shaking stopped. But at least I wasn’t by myself. I had Sanders standing a few feet away from me the whole time.”
“Good thing you guys propped the door open, so you could get back inside when the bats attacked you.”
“That was by accident.” Janey admitted. “The only reason Sanders did that was because he thought he could steal some merchandise once he realized the quake had knocked out the electricity and the security cameras. He was going to hide stuff in the bushes behind the store and come back for it later.” She paused. “If he hadn’t propped the door open, I don’t think we could have made it all the way around the store to any of the other entrances. Those bats were everywhere.”
“Close call.”
“Yeah. Turn your light back on.”
Jesse did, centering its beam on the wide rolling gate before them. “Any minute now.”
As if on cue, they heard somebody banging on the gate from the opposite side.
“What do you think he’s doing?” Janey asked.
“Probably knocking off the security lock.” Jesse figured. “Bill had already locked the gate when I parked the lift. That’s why I was standing here, I was about to call him to come and open it.”
“And he never did.”
“Nope.”
The banging abruptly halted.
“Guess he got the lock out of the way.” Jesse said. “Since the electricity is down, he’ll have to yank the chain manually to get the gate open.”
“I know that already.” Janey might have been rolling her eyes. “We have the same kind of doors in receiving.”
“Well, excuse me!”
Every time Ellis yanked on the chain, a pulley raised the gate by about half a foot. The gate itself complained loudly over being violated this way.
“So, what does your girlfriend say about me?” Janey wondered.
“Betty’s not my girlfriend.” Jesse corrected her. “And while she doesn’t say much about you, she does make a lot of faces.”
“She’s a drama queen.” Janey said, with no real anger or hatred in her voice. She was simply stating her opinion. “But, if that’s the kind of girl you like…”
“We’re not boyfriend and girlfriend.” Jesse interrupted her. “I told her I’m not ready to get serious…” He wondered if he should say the next two words, then decided to go ahead and get it out. “With anybody.”
At that moment, Ellis’ voice escaped from under the gate. “You wanna come over here and give me a hand?”
“Be right there.” Jesse answered, before things between him and Janey could get even more complicated. He walked over to the gate, which was now about four feet open, and ducked underneath.
Brenda and Betty were standing nearby, using their flashlights to illuminate the area where Ellis was working.
“I sprayed the chain with lubricant, but the pulley itself is too damn high.” Ellis complained. “If we can get the chain up another few feet, it should start rolling open a lot smoother.”
They both grabbed at a length of chain and pulled. Sure enough, after three combined pulls, the lubricant did its work on the pulley. Raising the gate became a one-person job.
“That’s much better.” Ellis wiped sweat from his forehead with a meaty forearm. “That could have taken all day. Now, what’s this plan you were talking about?”
“You’ll see. We’ll need to make some more room, though.”
As soon as the gate was high enough, Janey started up the forklift and roared into the store, pushing any sizable debris away with the forks. She zoomed in a wide half-circle, backed up further into the store, and roared back out. The sheet metal had dropped several feet without the lift to hold it up. Janey lifted the forks over its edge and smashed it down flat. Then she backed up just enough to free the forks and hit the gas forward. The lift trampled over the thick steel canopy like a conqueror, pausing briefly at the first girder, where Janey backed up and mashed the gas pedal to gain momentum. This time, she attacked the girder by driving the forklift at an angle. As soon as the fat tires reached the top of the girder, she angled the lift in the opposite direction and started her descent. The second girder was even less of a distraction. In about a minute she cleared the clumsy canopy and was driving over more stable ground.
“Yeah, that’ll save us some time.” Ellis looked impressed. “A whole lot of time. Now we can work on getting the propane cage out from under the edge of the canopy.”
Jesse was monitoring the forklift’s progress. “I don’t think she’s finished yet.”
The loud machine made its way around the canopy, where it lifted its forks like angry horns and tore a section of sheet metal apart. Janey repositioned the lift, next attacking the propane cage, which she partially lifted until it broke off its rusty bolted base. She dragged the cage out until it was freed from the rest of the rubble.
Expertly, Janey positioned the cage against an open section of wall, set it upright, and loaded it onto the forks. She went on to angle the forks so that most of the propane cage’s weight rested against the frame of the forklift.
With this done, she paused to shout at the onlookers. “One of you guys want to bring out some nylon straps? I don’t want this thing to tip over if I hit a nasty bump.”
“Brenda, do you know where we keep our Employee Award patches?” Ellis marveled. “I think this girl just earned herself one.”
“I think she should get Employee of the Month.” Brenda suggested.
“You may be right about that.” Ellis turned. “Let me go grab a couple of those straps. I know exactly where they are.”
Jesse found himself grinning at Janey’s star performance as well, until he happened to glance back and saw Betty’s disappointed face.
Brenda noticed this, too. Since she’d made as if she’d follow Ellis into the aisles, she had to turn and call out loudly to Jesse. “We still need to go and gather the drinks from receiving. We’d better get to it.”
“I can help with that.” Janey shouted back in reply. “Just get a pallet jack and set the pallets next to the delivery doors. I’ll use the lift to take them all the way outside the cavern.”
In moments, Ellis hurried outside with the nylon straps and a set of bolt cutters. The straps to secure the propane cage onto the forks, and the cutters to get rid of the security lock that kept the cage shut. He had the thing tied down within a couple of minutes, and the excited Janey lumbered away with her load.
“You think she’ll be okay?” Jesse asked as the big man walked back towards the open rolling gate.
“I hope so.” Ellis said. “That forklift makes plenty of racket, and then it’s got that blaring horn and two big forks that look like horns. Factor in the way she can maneuver that thing, and I’d hate to be a giant bat standing in her way.” He watched the forklift’s lights dwindle away. “Let’s put this gate down before we get some unwanted company.”
“What about all the torches?” Jesse asked.
“We can leave those out there until we’re ready to go.”
The gate was soon rolled shut, and a new lock put in place to secure it. Since there was no telling when they’d have to open the gate again, they only propped the security lock in place and didn’t close it up.
Brenda and Betty were still standing there waiting for them.
“I guess the plan’s changed a little bit.” Brenda stated.
“Yes, it has.” Ellis nodded, addressing the entirety of the small group. “Big time. I’m going to take Brenda with me, and we’re going to round up a whole bunch of stuff: solar panel kits, rechargeable twelve volt batteries, twelve volt power tools, solar powered motion detectors, solar powered outdoor lights, and so on and so forth.” He clapped a hand on Jesse’s shoulder. “You, my friend, will accompany the beautiful Miss Betty back to receiving. I want you to organize all the bottled drinks we have left into as few pallets as possible. That way Janey will have fewer trips to make and we’ll conserve on propane a little. Take torches, weapons, lights, whatever you think you’ll need to get over there and back in one piece.”
Jesse was slightly bothered to be teamed up with Betty, but Ellis did have a lot to do. If he were in charge, he wouldn’t be sending Betty and Brenda outside by themselves, so the arrangement did make sense to him, kind of. “Okay. I wish we still had walkies, in case something comes up all of a sudden.”
“Yeah, me too.” Ellis agreed. “We can grab some walkies off the shelf. They’re better than nothing, but I wouldn’t put much faith into how long their batteries will last. Once the juice is gone, then that’s it. No more communication. If I can find some power inverters that don’t have to be plugged in, and some walkies that can hook up directly to a twelve volt power source, we can be better prepared for the next time.”
“Where would the walkies be?” Jesse asked.
“Buried somewhere in electrical, close to the miner’s hats and the work lights.” Ellis replied. “That side of the store is a mess, so good luck in finding them.”
Jesse sighed. “Let’s not worry about them then, until next time.”
“You sure?”
“That’s the best we can do, right?” Jesse shrugged. “Unless you have anything else…”
“No, that’s it.”
“We’ll be on our way, then.” Jesse said, turning to Betty. “You ready?”
She nodded quietly, as they both started away.
“Be careful out there.” Ellis called after them.
Jesse hadn’t taken more than a dozen strides when he decided that he didn’t want to go through with his task in complete silence. Betty was a big talker, and it probably wouldn’t take much to start up a conversation, and maybe even one agreeable to both of them. He was fine with that as long as she didn’t bring up their tumultuous relationship. “So, you guys got the harness okay?”
“Yeah, we dropped it off by the registers.” She said, pacing a few feet behind him. Jesse thought that might have been the extent of her talk, when she took a deep breath and continued. “It was kind of creepy, holding that thing and knowing that the last person who wore it died. I mean; I knew Tony. He was always coming to the back office and asking the store manager for other things to do, once he was finished working on his department. He was such a good employee.”
Some of the younger employees called such diligence being a brown-noser, mostly because the younger guys were all pretty lazy, Jesse thought.
“The harness still had his blood on it.” Betty continued. “Brenda was going to look for some scrubbing pads. We’re going to try and rub the blood out later.”
A gruesome task, Jesse acknowledged. He wondered if he could ever wear a harness that was once wrapped around a dead man. They soon reached the sliding doors leading out to Garden. Jesse peeked outside, seeing a couple of flashlight beams bouncing about out there. “Let’s go.”
The two quickly joined up with the other group. 
“Everything going smoothly out here?” Jesse asked Richelle.
“It is now.” The usually reserved young lady, at least reserved with individuals not named Beetle, Cindy and Dougie, answered. “One of those bat things tried to come down on us, but me and Cindy ran back inside while Dougie tried to light it up. It’s been quiet ever since that happened.”
Jesse turned toward the torch-wielding Dougie, who was nervously scanning the black sky. “You fought it off?”
“More like the flames fought it off, but yeah, we got rid of it.” Dougie told him. “I just hope it doesn’t come back with its friends to try again.”
Jesse considered repeating Janey’s crude comment, and telling Dougie to aim for the bat’s nut sack the next time. He figured the comment wouldn’t go over well with the ladies, though. He addressed Richelle next. “What have you got so far?”
“Not as much as we thought we’d have.” She admitted. “I guess the bats came down and ate some of this stuff, but we did salvage a little. We have some tiny tomato plants, and all kinds of berries: blackberries, blueberries, cranberries: all kinds. We’ve got seeds for a million kinds of vegetables, and a million kinds of herbs. We’ve got the right kinds of plant food, and the right kinds of manure, too. Uh, we cleared out the outside coolers that we didn’t get to last time, so we have almost another cart full of soda and bottled water and sports drinks. Right now, we’re working on gloves and gardening tools.”
“I guess you’ve got it under control then.” Jesse said. “We’re heading back to receiving.”
“Okay, then. We should be finished here in some fifteen minutes. You all need some help back there?”
Jesse considered the question. “Probably not. Just start taking all your carts down by the cash registers when you’re done. I think we can handle receiving on our own.”
“Good, ‘cause we can hear them bats making all kinds of noise, and I don’t want to go back there if I don’t have to.” Richelle admitted in relief.
“Thanks for cheering us up.” Jesse grumbled, stepping away and leading Betty through the least cluttered areas.
“You think it’ll be safe?” Betty sounded scared.
“I don’t know.” Jesse replied. “But you don’t have to go if you don’t want to.”
“No, I’ll go.” Betty said, taking a deep breath.
Betty was scared to death, Jesse realized, yet she was making every attempt to look brave. He started to wonder just how much of that behavior was meant for his benefit. That made him feel crappy for having acted so mean to Betty before, when all she really wanted was what anyone else would want; to be comforted and loved, and to have a normal life again. He felt like a jerk all of a sudden.
Jesse had grabbed a couple of Tiki torches during their tour through Garden, and paused briefly to pass the flashlight to Betty. “Put the light on me.” He said, using his lighter to start the flames going while under the artificial glare of the flashlight.
He passed the first torch over to Betty, so he could push open the back gate. The gate had been left unlocked ever since the first bat attack. After swinging it wide, he took a moment to light the second torch.
As he’d forgotten his weapon of choice due to the sudden change of plans, and left his scraper way back next to the canopy, the torches would be their only defense. “You keep the torch high and the flashlight pointed straight ahead. If you have to drop either one, you drop the light, okay? The bats will be more afraid of the fire.”
In the reflection from the flames, he saw her nod.
“Let’s go.” He said.

8

As soon as they left the gate, they could hear the sounds of wings flapping high overhead.
“They’re out there, aren’t they?” Betty asked.
“Don’t think about that.” Jesse told her. “Keep concentrating on reaching the loading dock.”
They were staying as close to the Garden Department fence as possible and moving along at a decent speed. Only a short distance later, they reached the end of the high fence. Beyond that point was the shambles of what had once been a proud store wall. Big pieces of this wall had broken off and fallen all over the place. As quickly as they could manage it, they rounded the debris and moved forward.
That was when they heard their first SCREE, and it wasn’t coming from high above their heads. Some bat must have landed on the ground, somewhere close behind them.
“Oh, my God!” Betty gasped.
Jesse grabbed her wrist. “We’re almost there, we’ll have to jog the rest of the way.”
It was more of a run than a jog, as they hurriedly descended the formerly gentle slope of the docking bays. Now, with its cracked and disheveled surface, the slope was a tortured mockery of its original self.
As the beam of the flashlight bobbed all over, Jesse could see the nearest docking door, where Janey and Sanders had previously escaped through. The door was open by about three feet. It showed evidence of the bats having tried to bite their way inside, as seen by the chew marks on the rubber seal at the door’s bottom. The biggest problem was that the door was positioned five feet off the ground to accommodate trailers, and the only other entrance, the back door to receiving, was probably locked shut.
“We can’t get up there!” Betty was nearly in panic.
“Yes, we can!” Jesse shouted, when another SCREE scraped into their ears, from a spot much closer than the previous one. “Put your flashlight on the dock and drop the torch!”
Frantically, Betty complied. Once the torch fell, the citronella fuel doused the wick and the flames sputtered out.
Hoping to avoid leaving themselves defenseless, Jesse carefully leaned his own torch up against the dock. “I’m going to duck down and pick you up on my shoulders. Are you ready?”
Betty’s fleshy thighs encircled his head, but only for a moment, as Jesse strained upwards and lifted her. She scrambled clumsily under the dock door, spinning around at once to face him. “Oh, my God! They’re coming! Jesse, they’re coming!”
Jesse snatched up the only active torch and spun around to face his enemies. Three bats, no, it was four of them, were reflected in the flames. They’d get to him, he knew, if he dared drop his single line of defense.
He could get a running jump into the docking bay, if only he had a little more room, and if only Betty opened up the rolling gate by a few more feet. But if the gate was opened too far, the bats might be able to squeeze inside after them. He took a few steps away from the building, only to see two of the bats move in on either side. They were trying to surround him!
Jesse darted back to the dock, trying to ignore Betty’s constant screams as well as keeping his back near the cement structure. Maybe he could get to the receiving door, he thought. As he turned his head in that direction, he realized that wasn’t going to work either. The frequent SCREES were attracting even more bats. A second mob of them had landed exactly in that direction.
With safety only a couple of feet behind his head, he realized he was cornered. His assailants might have realized this as well, because they began pressuring him from all sides and snapping their jaws at him. They were even using their voices as weapons. Their aimed SCREES made Jesse’s body shudder with terror, even made his eyeballs vibrate within their sockets. He couldn’t even use the torch to fend them off, because if he tilted it an inch or two in the wrong direction, the fuel would pour over the wick and drown out the flame!
He was fucked, Jesse acknowledged, thoroughly and completely fucked, and instead of giving in to his mounting terror, he got angry. Angry at having been ripped away from home, at having to suffer in a savage place without cold beer and video games, and at having to wipe his ass with leaves bigger than umbrellas. Angry at having two women bitch for his attention, and playing the same sort of mind games that he thought he’d left behind in high school. He was angry at everything, and everyone, and he was ready to explode because of it.
Something snapped inside his head, and instead of fearing this suddenly unleashed fury, he embraced it. When the next alarming SCREE came his way, Jesse snarled and roared right back. When one of the bolder bats had the audacity to try and perch on his head, he ducked down to allow it to think he was afraid, and then his torch shot up and singed at the area between the creature’s short legs. The bat SCREED in pain, flying off haphazardly, while shrieking a sharp warning that gave its peers a brief and confused pause. 
A moment later, they resumed the bizarre stalking, crowding closer, SCREEING their menacing intentions. At least a dozen of them were now converging around the single man. Jesse knew he was a goner, as even Betty’s loud and annoying screams weren’t driving the vicious beasts off. For the first time in his life, he might have been ready to die, but he was not about to go out like a limp biscuit. He lunged the torch forward, as if daring it to go out, scattering the nearest bats back and causing them to collide with one another. Right after, his fingers groped along his tool belt and snatched up the first item they came across.
It was the pruning knife with its pitiful three-inch blade. Jesse was already planning on sticking the pathetic weapon into the nearest bat’s eye socket, if only he could get the damned blade open with one hand.
The closest bats surged forward, their leathery wings outstretched and eclipsing the forms of the other bats behind them. Jesse responded by leaping forward himself, and striking out with his torch. The fuel lapped onto the off-balance wick, causing the flame to sputter out and die a second later.
Dropping the useless, tiny knife, Jesse grabbed the long torch handle with both hands and swung it hard at the nearest bat. The faux bamboo handle shattered against the furry threat, leaving him with only a two-foot splinter to defend himself with.
He somehow sensed another bat opening its jaws and lunging at his side. He met its attack with the giant splinter, hearing the piece of wood crunch against its face, even as the pathetic weapon slipped away from his hands. The bat screamed out, scaring the others back by a yard or two. For a moment, he wondered where on its face he’d struck the hated thing, as there was only darkness to be seen, save for the single beam from the flashlight aimed elsewhere.
Now weaponless, Jesse jumped back blindly, colliding hard into the dock wall. He was about to turn and grab out toward where he’d last seen Betty’s torch, when a huge ruckus erupted from somewhere near the Garden area.
Flashing its lights and honking its horn, the clamoring forklift lumbered towards the dock. Janey’s screaming voice rose above the ruckus, like some battle cry from a modern day Valkyrie. “Come and tangle with me, you fucking rodents!”
A few of the bats simply flew off, while even more stepped aside and viewed the approaching vehicle from a distance. One of the more dimwitted of the bunch stood its ground and SCREED at the lift, only to have the raised and relentless forks knock it down. With an upward lurch, the heavy forklift rolled over the creature and flattened it into bloody road-kill. Jesse could barely imagine the gory mess left behind the lift’s wake. Still, the spectacle had done its job. With a sudden relief, he watched the rest of the antsy bats fly off into the black sky.
After a few more warning honks, Janey pulled up in front of the dock doors. She didn’t look too happy.
“I might have been here a lot sooner, if someone had bothered to tell me the propane tank on the lift was almost out.” She explained tersely. “I ran out of gas right after I’d dropped the propane cage outside, and I was halfway back to the store. I had to hustle my ass back outside to get another tank. By then I had two bats trying to keep me from hooking up the new one!”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t even remember that the tank was low.” Jesse acknowledged his fault. “But you don’t know how glad I am to see you. You just saved my life.”
The words looked to have a much deeper impact on the young woman than he’d expected, as Janey’s countenance softened considerably. She almost looked apologetic as she said, “Yeah, well I only had a couple of them to worry about. You just fought off a whole damned platoon of them.”
“I was about to become their lunch.” Jesse admitted, remembering their purpose for being there. “Let me get inside and get the pallets together. I don’t want to hang around here one second longer than I have to, just in case those bats come back for round two.” He reached up to lift the rolling gate, but from his position, he only moved it up by a couple of inches. “Betty, give me a hand here.”
Betty had been out of sight, and now walked over sullenly. “What do you want me to do?”
He reached out and grabbed the single flashlight, and used it to illuminate the right area. “You see that chain? Grab it and pull it down. Keep pulling on it until the gate’s all the way up.”
As she worked on opening the gate, Jesse considered how he was going to get up and into the dock. Merely hopping up wasn’t going to work.
“Here, I’ll give you a lift.” Janey lowered the forks until they were about two feet off the ground.
Once Jesse had stepped on, Janey lifted the forks a couple of feet higher, and Jesse was able to smoothly step away from them and into Receiving.
While Janey reignited the one remaining Tiki torch and propped it up outside, Jesse had Betty light up the interior of Receiving with the flashlight. The two quickly located the four partial pallets they were after. They could be condensed into two bigger ones, Jesse calculated. They started a new search for a pallet jack.
He pulled one out from under some special order kitchen tiles, set two pallets close together, and both workers started shifting drinks from one pallet to the other. Once the task was complete, they began yet another search, this time for a roll of shrink-wrap. Once that was found, Jesse tightly wrapped the transparent film around the stack, to keep it from falling apart during the bumpy journey to the cavern entrance. Finally, he rolled the pallet closer to the dock, where the forklift would easily be able to pick it up.
“You think the bats will leave you alone while you’re going back and forth?” Jesse asked.
“Sure.” Janey nodded. “As long as the lift is on, the noise keeps them away. If they get too close, I’ll run them over like I did that last one.”
“Okay.” Jesse considered the wide-open dock. “Once you drive away, I’m going to shut this gate. Honk to let us know you’re coming.”
Janey agreed, right before she smoothly scooped the pallet up and out with the lift. A moment later the lift started rolling away.
Jesse lowered the gate until it stood only a couple of feet off the dock, intent on finishing up the next pallet in a hurry. He called out. “Bring the light over here.”
Betty was moving slowly, as if something was bothering her.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“I can tell something’s the matter.” Jesse said. “You wanna tell me what’s going on?” He was starting to sound fatherly again, he realized, like Ellis.
Betty sighed. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Jesse made the mistake of walking towards her. He reached out and placed a hand on her arm, only to see her turn towards him, and timidly hug him.
“I know you don’t love me.” She said. “But just hold me, please. It means a lot to me.”
“Okay, but you’ve got to tell me what’s on your mind.” Jesse clasped his arms around the distraught woman.
Betty’s head was turned away. This probably made it easier for her to confide in him. “It’s Janey. She’s so brave and strong. I can’t compete with her. I know if you had to choose between me and her, you’d choose her.”
All of a sudden it was a competition? Although Jesse didn’t relish the idea of being the rope in a tug of war between Betty and Janey, he did think back to Ellis’ words from the evening before. Perhaps those two women were all of the eligible females he was ever going to see for the rest of his life. If that were true, then sooner or later he would have a very difficult choice to make.
He knew that Betty was starved for love, and that he represented the closest thing to normalcy that she had available. Her home and family were now gone, her social peers were gone, even her job and most of her acquaintances were gone. Maybe, he thought, it wouldn’t be so bad to end up with someone like her. Maybe he was making that difficult choice right now.
“Betty, I want to be your boyfriend.” He said, truthfully.
“Don’t play with me.” Betty seemed to tense within his grip.
“I’m being serious.” Jesse told her. “I want to be there for you, and I already know you want to be there for me. So, let’s try it out. We’ll take it slow, and if we run into any hard times, we’ll sit down somewhere quiet and talk it over. But please, don’t take it out on me or on Janey, like you’ve been doing recently.”
He felt new warmth coming from her body, a new closeness. “Okay.”
“Now, I was wanting Janey to show me how to hunt, and how to hide out in the bushes like she does.” Jesse continued. “But I don’t want you and her to be hating on each other, and fighting with each other all the time. This is what Ellis told me last night; that we’re all in this together for our survival. We’re like a big family now. While we make not like every single person in our family, we still have to live together and work things out.”
“But she’s so much better than I am…”
“She has her skills, but so do you.” Jesse stopped her. “Other than counting up money and doing paperwork in the back office, I don’t even know what your other skills are. None of us does. Maybe you can do some stuff that Janey only wishes she could do. All you have to do is relax a little bit and do your thing.”
They held each other in the near dark for a few minutes. Although neither of them moved and their job remained unfinished, Jesse did feel comfortable in the woman’s embrace. Maybe this was the way things were meant to work out.
“How about a quick kiss to seal the deal?” Jesse asked. “And then we can get back to working on the pallets.”
Betty’s head rose up expectantly, and they kissed. Not one kiss, but a handful. Once it became clear they wouldn’t be accomplishing any further work if they continued, Jesse broke the intimate contact. “Let’s save some for later.”
“Oh, I’ve got a whole lot more saved up for later.” Betty said saucily.
Jesse grinned. “I’m sure you do, and I almost can’t wait. We’ve got to get down to business first, since we still have to move all these drinks out of here. Can you point that light towards the pallet?”
Betty set the flashlight atop some boxes, and they had the second pallet ready to go just a few minutes later.
Jesse rolled it over next to the dock door. “Okay, now that we’re done with the drinks, let’s take a look around and see if there is anything else we can use.”
Using the flashlight, and with Betty shadowing him close behind, Jesse walked around the manageable section of Receiving and illuminated its contents. They checked the special order section, containing custom-made doors and windows, and custom-colored boxes of tile that would never be picked up. They investigated the receiving clerk’s desk, which had a clutter of paperwork, a computer terminal, and a small amount of office supplies. Finally, they walked past the docks. All they found were empty pallets stacked up in a corner, a couple more pallet jacks, and a few empty trashcans sitting beside the now useless compactor.
Next, they turned towards the end of Receiving that had suffered the most damage due to the quake. Several rolls of heavy carpeting had spilled out of the massive bin that formerly held them, and compact refrigerators, coolers, and powered wine racks had fallen from their high perches and now made the narrow corridor impassable. Under the debris were a couple of powered machines; an electric ladder and an electric pallet jack, both plugged into commercial power outlets, and both anxiously awaiting a recharge.
The box of one of the food and beverage coolers caught Jesse’s attention. “Hey, we can use this! It runs on twelve volts!” Upon turning the mid-size box over, however, he discovered that one end of the cooler was badly bent and crushed. “Well, maybe we can find a better one inside the store.”
“There should be more of these in the seasonal area, where all the picnic tables and patio furniture are.” Betty added helpfully.
Several approaching horn blasts announced Janey’s return.
“Okay, she’s back.” Jesse started to turn, suddenly feeling Betty’s hand clasping around his fingers. Was that because she cared about him, or because she wanted to show off her prize, he wondered? Or was it a bit of both? Jesse did feel a little resentment towards Betty for guarding him so jealously, but he pushed that away and gently said, “I’m going to need both hands to open the rolling gate. Okay?”
“Okay.” Betty hesitated a moment, before she let him go.
In consolation, Jesse leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead. Then, he hurried over to start pulling on the gate’s chain. “Keep the light on the dock. I don’t want any surprises jumping in on us.”
Jesse managed to get the door up without much trouble, as the forklift’s headlights flooded into receiving. Janey rolled the machine forward and picked up the pallet as smoothly as she had the last one. While she expertly turned the lift around, Janey called out, “Is this it? Anything else we can take?”
“Nothing we need right away.” Jesse shouted back over the clamor of the forklift’s engine.
“If you guys hop on, I’ll give you a ride back to Garden.” Janey replied. “The bats are starting to get a little braver. I don’t recommend walking around here like you two did the last time.”
“Right.” Jesse agreed. “Betty, go ahead and jump down. I’ll roll the gate almost shut so the bats don’t start poking around in here and set up shop. Just in case we need to get back in later.”
Betty sat down on the edge of the dock, and yelped as she awkwardly shoved off.
Jesse brought the rolling gate down, leaving a gap of about three feet as before, and slid out from underneath it. He grabbed the remaining Tiki torch, under Betty’s watchful eye and equally watchful light, and they both hurried to the lift. Betty took the right side, sitting as close to Janey as possible, while Jesse stood on the left, gripping the lift’s frame with one hand, and holding the torch far out with his opposite hand.
“We’re ready to roll!” Janey announced to the world, as she set the forklift in Drive and started the short journey toward the Garden Department.
“You know what?” Jesse suggested. “They’re probably finished up in Garden by now. Why don’t you take us to the front entrance by the registers instead?”
“That’s going to cost you extra!” Janey kidded.
A few minutes later, Betty and Jesse were dropped off.
“Be back in about ten.” Janey called out, right before the lift roared away with its cargo.
“She sure seems happy to be driving that thing.” Betty mentioned.
“Using the forklift can be fun.” Jesse said, recalling a number of times where the younger guys would race him to see who would reach the driver’s seat first. He realized that Betty was probably testing him in some womanly way he didn’t fully understand. Hoping his actions would speak louder than his words, he put his arm around Betty’s shoulders and strolled with her back to the store. “Let’s go see what the others are up to.”
Ellis was organizing shopping carts when they stepped inside. “Hey, you two.” He greeted. “Got all the drinks out of receiving?”
“Two full pallets.” Jesse declared, easing his arm from Betty’s back. “Janey’s taking the last one out as we speak. How’s it going in here?”
“Well, we had almost thirty full carts when I stopped counting. We’ve got so much stuff that we’re having to dig carts out of the rubble, since we’ve already used up all the empties we rolled back from the burrow. Lumber carts, flat carts, shopping carts, we’ve got stuff piled up on all of them. We’re going to try and move everything out and park it outside the cavern, so we won’t have to come into the cavern unless we absolutely have to.” He paused as if he’d just remembered something. “Richelle said the bats were getting pretty riled up in Garden. You guys didn’t get attacked, did you?”
“We had a close call.” Jesse admitted. “Lucky for us, Janey showed up and scared the bats away with the forklift.”
“I’d hate to lose you.” Ellis stated solemnly. “Either one of you. Bad enough about Bill and Tony.”
“What are you guys still picking up?”
“Uh, smaller barbecue equipment, charcoal, related accessories. As you can see, the rest of the team abandoned me and went flocking around Brenda.”
Jesse grinned. “That’s because you’re a harder taskmaster than she is.”
“Actually, I’m not doing much except making sure that all related equipment is close together. It wouldn’t do to bring along all these twelve-volt items, for example, and leave behind the solar panels and the batteries to juice them up. I’m almost finished now, so why don’t you two see if Brenda needs some extra help?”
Jesse paused just long enough to pick up a fresh flashlight, one of the more powerful box-shaped types, and clicked it on. The big, nine-volt battery in it was brand new, and the beam exposed much more of the store than the previous flashlight he’d used.
He took Betty by the hand, feeling as if he was dragging around somebody’s kid, or even worse, some little puppy. They found Brenda overseeing the action way down by the barbecues and lawn mowers.
Dougie swiveled his light at their approach, pretty much highlighting that Jesse was still holding Betty’s hand. “Hey, look, everybody. Somebody’s in love!”
“Dougie, you’re just jealous ‘cause Richelle won’t give you the time of day.” Brenda teased the young man.
Jesse felt like letting go, but for Betty’s benefit, for their mutual benefit, he held on.
“You’re squeezing my hand too hard.” Betty whispered, forcing him to loosen his grip.
“Next thing you know, they’ll be wearing matching shirts and pants.” Dougie kept up his jesting.
“Oooh, I hate that!” Richelle partially stepped into Jesse’s spotlight. “Just last week, this old couple came into Garden. They were both wearing red sweaters and tan slacks. They looked like a pair of wrinkled old raisins.”
Dougie guffawed like a braying donkey, and hidden somewhere in the shadows, Jesse could hear the usually reserved Cindy snickering, too.
Even Brenda had a big grin on her face. “I don’t want you to say things like that when we’re back at the camp, because you might just go and offend somebody. You will all respect your elders or you’ll have to answer to me.” She glanced over at the two new arrivals suspiciously. “So, what is going here, with you two holding hands like these high school kids over here wish they could?”
Betty was literally beaming with pride and bouncing on her toes. “We are officially a couple!”
Some of the squeamishness Jesse felt melted away, as if Betty’s happiness was starting to rub off on him.
“Well, congratulations, girl.” Brenda stated. “My only question is; why did it take Jesse so long to lasso you in? But seriously, I do want to ask you both to keep pressuring Ellis until he comes around my way, if you know what I mean. Then we can go double-dating, and do all kinds of fun stuff together…”
“I can hear you talking, you know.” Ellis’ gruff voice drifted over from a few aisles down.
“I know you can.” Brenda lifted her own tone a few notches. “I wasn’t being shy, uh-uh. You’ve got no idea what I have planned for you, big boy. Why don’t you come over here and let me talk to ya?”
“I’m busy!” Ellis sounded more distant.
“I love it when a man plays hard to get.” Brenda said salaciously. “And since he won’t come to me, I guess I’m gonna have to go to him.” She started shuffling away.
“Before you go,” Jesse said. “Do you have anything else we need to find?”
“No, child.” Brenda ambled off. “We’re done here.”
Jesse turned to the trio of young people standing nearby. “Well, what were you guys working on last?”
Richelle spoke up first. “We pulled out a bunch of plastic totes, so we could put the same kind of items in their own little tote. Like the gloves in their own tote, and the packs of seeds in their own tote.”
“And so on and so forth.” Dougie rambled. “Blah, blah, blah.”
“And you’re finished?”
“Yup.” Richelle answered and pointed with her flashlight. “Matter of fact, we got too many totes, so we just set the extra ones over there on the outdoor furniture.”
“Wait, you got to the storage merchandise that was located in the middle of the store?” Betty asked. “I thought all the aisles that way were blocked off.”
“It wasn’t as bad as it looked.” This reply came from Dougie. “We moved a few things, and I climbed over the rest of the mess using the shelves as handholds. When I got to the totes, I just started tossing them over the top of the rubble.”
“Show me.” Betty said, and finally, thankfully, she released Jesse’s sweaty hand.
Dougie walked around an end-cap and pointed his light down one of the paint aisles. Cans of paint, rollers, tarps, tapes and all manner of associated accessories lined the floor, along with a handful of unrelated pallets of broken cabinets and bathroom furniture that had formerly been stored on the highest shelves. The smell, however, was pretty bad; paint and thinner had spilled during the quake. Already Jesse could feel the pungent chemicals stinging at his eyes.
Betty looked back at Dougie. “Ask Brenda to go into Doors and Windows, and get me a sturdy welcome mat, preferably something in a tan or earthy brown. Tell her to think of The Great Outdoors. Then, ask Ellis to go into Lumber and find me some two or three pieces of prefabricated wooden fencing, the plain kind that we can add stain to. I saw them back there when I was walking through with Brenda. And I’m going to need some picket fencing, too. Plain is the first choice but white will do, but get the kind that’s only about two feet high, since we’ll only be using it to place it around our garden. And we should get a few small mirrors, matching ones that we can hang up anywhere. You got everything so far?”
“Uh…” Dougie looked baffled.
“I’ve got it.” Cindy chimed in, having stepped closer to see what was going on. “We have some nice stuff in Garden, but Richelle said we should only take what we need.”
“Like what kind of stuff?”
“Like wind chimes, lawn ornaments that spin around with the wind, fancy outdoor thermometers, things like that. It’s all just sitting there. It’s not like anybody’s going to buy that stuff anymore.”
“I’m hiring you as my decorating assistant.” Betty announced. “You are now in charge of beautifying the outside of the burrow. Think natural colors and earth tones, for the most part, but I want some color, too. I want the sun to make stuff sparkle!”
“Wow, I get to do something fun for a change!” Cindy trotted off with Dougie in tow.
Richelle followed a moment after.
“Why do women like shopping so much?” Jesse asked, while shaking his head.
Betty started down the aisle. “Come on, I’m going to need your help.”
“What are we doing?”
“We’re going shopping, too.”
Displaying a fervor Jesse had rarely seen before, Betty clambered over the debris and tried to pull herself onto a nearby shelf. “Push me up, and don’t let anybody see up my skirt.”
Sure enough, the higher her legs struggled to reach, the more her creamy thighs peeked out. Jesse helped her up. Like enterprising monkeys, they used whatever handholds the shelves provided to move past the otherwise dangerous shards of broken cabinets. The chemical stink made Jesse pause to sneeze a few times, before he hurried and caught up to his new girlfriend.
“Okay, go ahead of me and help me down.” Betty ordered.
With his eyes tearing up from the chemical smell, Jesse went around her, jumped onto the cluttered floor, and did as he was told. Hurriedly, they left the paint aisle and its strong odor behind. “What next?”
“I used to work in Flooring before I got promoted to the back office.” Betty told him. “When we were shorthanded, I’d sometimes work in Window Coverings and Major Appliances, too.”
Since most of the aforementioned departments showcased appliance floor models or carpet and tile samples, there was no high shelving in these areas as in much of the rest of the store. This meant that they didn’t have to worry so much about stuff falling on top of their heads, except for the sections where the roof had fallen in. Those areas were mainly the carpet and lighting aisles, as well as a good section of Receiving and Inside Garden.
Jesse eyed the roof damage warily with the aid of his flashlight, but there didn’t seem to be a sizeable opening where the giant bats could easily worm their way in. “Exactly what are we doing here?”
“We’re getting a change of clothes, that’s what.” Betty strode confidently through the disorganized appliances and fallen display signs. “I heard about how Russell wanted to skin some animal for clothing, and that may be fine for you guys if you want to look like Tarzan, but that won’t work for us girls.”
“Uh, the store doesn’t stock clothes.”
“Don’t you ever use your imagination?” Betty flashed the light back at him, as if he should have known better. “If you guys weren’t so busy worrying about getting laid all the time, you’d see everything else you’ve been missing out on. We’ve got all kinds of fabric back here. While it is normally used for making curtains, we’re improvising it for our own needs.”
“You know how to make clothes?”
“I know how to sew.” Betty admitted. “You remember how you told me to use my skills? Well, I can cook, and I can decorate, and I can sew. And what’s more, I used to spend a big part of my lunchtime walking through the store and wishing I made more money just so I could buy a lot of this stuff. I mean, come on, I’ve been living with my mom ever since I got divorced, and I’ve been dying to get a place of my own for me and my kids…” She paused a long moment, as if she was remembering how much her children meant to her. Like everyone else that had survived the quake, she managed to push the past away and focused on the present. “Sure, I wish we could decorate in an Ancient Rome theme, or in Ancient Egypt, but I’ve got to go with what we have at hand and what matches our new home.”
They halted as they came to the fabric aisle, which was partially demolished by the heavy carpet rolls that once stood proudly on the next aisle over, but had since tumbled over in disgrace.
“Be careful.” Jesse cautioned.
Betty scanned both sides of the aisle. “Too bad there isn’t a demand for denim curtains, since most of these fabrics are better suited for tops than anything else.” She looked at him with a naughty twinkle in her eyes. “Or boxers for men.”
“Okay.” Jesse grinned.
Betty got serious. Soon she was pulling out select ten-foot rolls from the bunch. “This will be good for casual men’s shirts, and this will make a good wrap-around for when we have a toga party. And this, well, this is just too coarse, but wait, we can maybe line the back of it with a really thin carpet padding. If we add this silky burgundy as an inside liner, we’ll have some stylin’ and warm outdoor jackets.”
“What about thread? I don’t see any thread around here.”
“Uh, fabric is made out of thread, you Dumbo! We’ll just unravel some of the thicker stuff we don’t want.”
“Oh.”
“Jesse, Betty, where are you guys?” Ellis shouted from far behind them.
“Over here!” Jesse directed him.
A couple of minutes later, the big man stood beside them. “I don’t know what Betty told these women, but both Brenda and Cindy are moving around as if they’re possessed. They’ve got me carrying these heavy-ass pieces of fencing across the store, and…” He noticed the armful of colored fabric rolls in Jesse’s grip. “I see Betty got to you as well.”
“You’ve got a choice, El,” Jesse stated. “Either you take these up to the front, or you go look for a roll of thin carpet padding while I take these out front.”
Ellis reached under his miner’s hat and scratched his head.

In the end, the team spent about three hours getting everything together inside the store. It was well past midday when they were finally ready to start hauling all of their appropriated merchandise out of the cavern. This time, several tons of items were going to be moved. Luckily, the bats had since returned to the cavern ceiling, or perhaps they couldn’t see the group from the front of the store as clearly as they could from the rear of the building, thus allowing much of the work to be done unhampered.
It was only when the forklift was roused up and used to shoulder out a load of plywood and sheetrock, and a few big pieces of pre-fabricated fencing, that some of the hungry mammals ventured down to investigate. These threats were scared off by the loud machine’s constant racket, or the flaming torches aimed at their more sensitive parts.
“How’s the gas on the forklift?” Ellis asked, once they’d had a quick lunch of cooked fish, candy bars and sports drinks.
Janey checked the level on the propane tank. “Still almost full. I’ve only done a couple of runs with this one.”
“Well, the camp’s about a two hour walk. So hopefully that one tank will get us there and back. Why don’t you toss another tank on one of the carts, just in case?”
“Gotcha. The terrain shouldn’t be a problem either, unless I run over a sharp rock and tear up one of the tires. In that case, the forklift’s screwed for good.”
“What about the softer ground around the lake? The lift will sink in it if you get too close.”
“No problem. I’ll go around the lake, cut through the foliage, and just park as close as I can to the burrow. You don’t think somebody will try to steal this thing, do you?”
Jesse glanced over at Ellis, and the same name crossed through their minds. Sanders, if he was still around.
“I’m sure we’ll hear somebody trying to take off with the forklift.” Jesse said.
“That’s not what I’m worried about.” Ellis replied. “I’m more concerned about any of us having to leave the burrow at night to chase the forklift down, and being exposed to any predators that might be lurking around. You remember those weird tracks we found at the lake.”
“Yeah, but we haven’t actually seen anything dangerous.”
“Let’s hope we still don’t.” Ellis scanned over the weary group. “Okay, everybody grab a cart and let’s get moving.”
“Are we coming back today?” Dougie whined. “I’m beat.”
“We’ll take a vote.” Ellis answered. “Whoever wants to make another trip out here, raise your hand.”
A single hand went up, and it belonged to Janey. Since she enjoyed sitting on the forklift anyway, she could have sat on that thing all day and not complained.
Ellis grinned. “I guess we’re taking the rest of the day off.”
“Hallelujah!” Brenda cried out to the heavens.
Janey honked the forklift’s horn, setting the big machine in Drive. “Let’s roll!”

9

By early afternoon, the group had reached the burrow. Imagine their surprise when two of the older survivors excitedly spilled out of their home and came out to meet them.
“Me and Florie are getting married!” Russell beamed proudly.
Ellis’ jaw simply dropped. All of the women, except for Janey, flocked around the equally happy, but now slightly shy, Florie.
“How’d this come about, exactly?” Jesse asked.
Beetle hobbled over to join the excited group. “I think they slept a little too close together last night, and while everybody else was asleep, something nasty must have happened.”
Ellis smacked himself on the forehead. “We leave for a few hours and the whole camp’s turned upside down!”
“Well,” Russell explained. “We’re starting out fresh in a brand new place, and we’ve both given up smoking, out of inconvenience really. And since both of us are single, we kind of looked at each other and asked ourselves, why not?”
Out of the older man’s sight, Betty motioned sternly at Ellis and Jesse. Both stunned men got the hint at the same time.
“Well, congratulations!” Ellis swept his surprise away, stepping forward to offer a handshake.
Jesse did likewise.
“Let’s break out some sodas and snacks!” Dougie made a run for the burrow, an open, warm soft drink already in hand. “I’m starving!”
Jesse caught Brenda giving Ellis a strange, lingering look. After seeing that, he decided it would be better if he made himself scarce, before Betty started looking at him funny, too. Maybe half the women in camp would want to get married now, he figured, or at least start entertaining the prospect. Not that he was against it for the other guys, but was he personally ready for that kind of commitment? Heck no!
He might have gone down into the burrow just to hide, but Dougie was already on his way back with a grocery bag full of goodies. The lanky teen offered him part of their dwindling supply of snacks. “Grab a couple, man.”
Jesse selected a chocolate bar, before the excited teen ran off.
That was when Betty caught up to him. She was dragging around an armful of long fabric rolls and thrust a couple of small boxes at him. “I have a lot of work to do, and I need your help.”
Jesse took the packages from her. They were large injectors for adding marinade seasonings to meat. He looked back at her, puzzled. “What’s this for?”
“The needles on the end!” Betty blurted out. “I need you to get them off so I can start sewing!” She glanced around looking for Cindy, who was bringing in even more rolls and a few pairs of scissors, before she told Jesse, “Bring them to me as soon as you can!”
Jesse went straight to Janey, who usually knew where everything was. He showed her the injectors. “A pair of really small pliers to remove the needles from these?”
“Check that one.” She pointed at one of the shopping carts containing an assortment of smaller hand tools. “What’s going on?”
“Betty is making clothes.”
Janey’s eyes widened. “Did you say clothes?”
Jesse nodded back.
The intrepid young lady snatched the injectors from his grasp, and very nearly ran to the shopping cart to look for some needle-nose pliers. “You don’t know how badly I need a change of clothes!”
Effectively, she took over the task and left Jesse with nothing to do. He walked back over to where most of the group was still congregating.
Ellis was holding his hand up to his chin, giving Jesse the impression that the man was contemplating something deeply.
“It just seemed to make the most sense.” Russell shrugged.
Ellis looked over at Jesse. “Russell is marrying Florie tomorrow morning. But he also proposed to Martha. If Martha agrees, he’ll be marrying two women instead of one.”
“We’re calling it Survival Rules.” Russell proudly stated. “We’re suspending what we accept as being ‘the norm’ back on Earth, since we’re obviously not there anymore. If we end up getting back there, which seems very unlikely at the moment, then we can choose to dissolve the marriage. What we’re doing here would probably be illegal there anyway.”
“Polygamy.” Ellis offered. “And yes, it is illegal. It’s banned by our constitution.”
“And you think our constitution covers us here?” Russell countered testily. “Wherever we are in the universe? Are you some kind of right wing Republican?”
“I’m not saying you’re wrong.” Ellis held out his hand to pacify the man. “It’s just… different, that’s all. Not what I’m used to.”
“You love both Florie and Martha?” Jesse got to the crux of the matter.
“I proposed to Martha more out of necessity than out of love.” Russell answered. “If I get married to Florie, there will be nobody left to accompany Martha. She’d be left out on the street, so to speak. She might end up spending the rest of her life alone.” The older man lowered his head. “Nobody wants that to happen to them. That’s kind of how I felt back on Earth, like nobody cared about me and I was going to die alone. I could have retired by now since I’ve got a decent pension, but I’d just be sitting at home all day, by myself and watching some stupid TV show until my time came. I wouldn’t want to wish that on anybody.”
“Say the situation was reversed.” Ellis theorized. “Say we had two men and only one woman all around the same age. Would you make the same decision?”
“Absolutely.” Russell nodded. “It’s not only about the sex…”
“Too much information.” Jesse said, trying not to imagine Russell nude, or even Florie or Martha for that matter.
“It’s about the company, and about feeling wanted and loved.” Russell replied. “Besides, I don’t think it’s too likely that Martha will agree to it. She’s much too conservative. She’ll say no and that’ll be the end of it.”
“Interesting.” Ellis said. “So, what kind of ceremony are you planning on?”
“I wouldn’t mind just winging it and making our own brand new society as we go along.” Russell contemplated with a smile. “But Florie wants to do things similar to how they’re done back on Earth. I can respect that. And guess what? We found out that Beetle has some experience in the field of marriage.”
“Beetle?”
“Sure.” Russell nodded. He turned to call out to the young man, who was conversing with his peers just a few yards away. “Beetle? Why don’t you tell these two gentlemen about how you might be the best qualified person to marry Florie and myself?”
“My uncle is a minister. He’s been doing impromptu marriages ever since I was a little kid.” Beetle admitted. “Like when people can’t afford a big, fancy wedding. Or when people who are already married by common law want to make it a little more official through a church, where denomination doesn’t matter much. Anyway, whenever he needed a couple of witnesses on short notice, he’d call my mom. She’d drag my dad and us kids with her to help my uncle do the ceremony. I’ve been the ring bearer like a hundred times. I had to stand there and hear my uncle repeat the same marriage vows each and every time. I know the words by heart.”
“I would have never imagined that you, of all people, would know the marriage vows.” Ellis kidded. “Especially since you’re flirting with half the women in the store at any given time.”
“That’s ‘cause I’m a player.” Beetle grinned.
“You wish!” Richelle smacked him on the arm.
“Russell told you about his Survival Rules idea?” Ellis asked, waiting until the others answered in the affirmative. “What do you young people think about that?”
“I think it’s great!” Dougie replied first. “I mean, you don’t know how many times I’ve wished I could change the world and make it a better place for everybody. We can make our own rules here, and we can get rid of all the minimum wage crap, and all the hate and corruption and crime, and start something brand new like when the American settlers went out west!”
“Dougie, I never figured you for an idealist.” Ellis looked shocked. “And I agree with a lot of those goals, but I was more wanting to get your opinion on Russell getting married to two women at the same time.”
“What can we say?” Beetle shrugged. “The man’s a pimp!”
“No, the man is crazy.” Richelle countered defiantly. “Ain’t no way I’d be letting my man sleep with another woman! Nuh-uh!”
Brenda joined the crowd. “This sounds like a lively discussion. I propose that we continue it, but that we move it over to where Betty is working first. That way we can talk and get something productive done at the same time.”
“What’s Betty doing?” Ellis asked.
“Making formal-wear out of curtain fabric.”
Intrigued, the group reconvened in a loose circle around Betty, who was standing outside now, using a tape measure to gauge Florie’s figure. “ Bust thirty-three, waist twenty-three, and hips thirty-four.”
Cindy was jotting down the information on a contractor’s pad. “Got it.”
“Height is at five feet, four inches.” Betty stated, carefully sliding the tape away and looking at the gathering crowd. “What are you guys doing here?”
“I brought them here to help.” Brenda explained.
“Oh, okay.” Betty pursed her lips in thought. “Who here can sew?”
“I can.” Martha, who’d been lingering behind Brenda, volunteered first.
“Okay, everyone who can sew is going to work on this side.” Betty pointed. “Everyone else can be a cutter. Before we can start cutting, we need to get some measurements. Cindy, if you don’t mind, I’m putting you in charge of that, while I get Martha to help me start up the first project.”
Cindy was furrowing her brow and trying to calculate something in her head. “Wait, how do you figure out the size again?”
“You take the measurements you have, and you minus twenty-one from them.” Betty answered. “And that will give you the women’s equivalent size.”
“See?” Dougie pointed an accusing finger at the two ladies. “If we’re going to start over, we should start right there! I think women are being dishonest with themselves by making their clothing size look that much smaller when compared to a man’s. If a women is a size thirty-eight, her clothing should say size thirty-eight, and not something dumb like size three!”
“Closer to seventeen.” Betty corrected. “Have you ever tried shopping for clothes for a female?”
“No.” Dougie admitted.
“It’s not that easy.” Betty said, flipping the tape measure in his direction. “Even after adjusting the clothing size, some manufacturers deliberately make the clothes a little too big, and this makes us women feel like we’re a little more petite. So, of course, we go back to that same clothing maker the next time we want to buy something. What I’m saying is that every brand might have a size twelve, but every size twelve might be a little looser than the next one, or even a little tighter sometimes.”
“Well, don’t you think that’s wrong?” Dougie asked. “That clothing sizes have to be manipulated because of vanity?”
“Not only the clothes, but I know that a woman’s shoe is like two numbers bigger than a guy’s shoe.” Cindy added.
“So women want to be seen as having smaller bodies, but bigger feet?” Beetle asked, looking confused.
“Right.” Betty nodded, as she continued to address Dougie. “But guess who came up with that concept?”
“Well, women, of course.”
“Nope.” Betty said. “While most fashion designers are women, most of the owners of factories that make clothing are men. It was a man’s idea to adjust the numbers and it was done with the purpose of making more sales. Don’t even get me started on cigarette marketing.”
“Then let’s change that.” Dougie said, resolutely. “We’ll call it the No Bullshit Bill! Clothing sizes and shoe sizes should be what they really are, and that’s final.”
“Let’s put your plan into action.” Betty said. “Get everybody lined up and start taking their measurements.”
“I don’t know how to do that.” Dougie said, thinking maybe she was teasing him.
“Cindy will show you how.” Betty replied. “And once we’re done, maybe I’ll show you how to sew clothes.”
“Sew clothes? Me?”
“Don’t you dare say that only women can sew clothes!” Betty glared at him.
“She’s right about that one.” Russell sided with her. “Back in the old days, when my great grandfather was a trapper, he sewed his own things together. I mean, his homemade clothing wasn’t as good as the stuff we have now, but what he wore was as rugged as the terrain he lived in. In a place like this, sewing is a skill everybody should have.”
Beetle groaned. “Dang, Dougie! See what you started!”
“I guess I can give it a try.” Dougie shrugged.
“We’re not going to have a whole lot of clothes out here, that’s for sure.” Brenda mentioned. “So whatever we do have, we need to make sure we can maintain it as soon as it tears.”
“If we’re going to be making new rules and all that,” Richelle spoke out. “I think we should make women and men equal, once and for all. And even though my mom says it’s been improving a lot since back in the day when she was younger, I still see a lot of discrimination against women when it comes to promotions and pay raises.”
“I’m all for that.” Dougie agreed, as Cindy instructed him on how and where to place the tape measure.
“I’ll second that.” Ellis spoke out. “I have a question for the group as a whole. Do we need to have some kind of structure, some kind of government like we had back home?”
“The last thing we need is a government like we had back home.” Russell said distastefully. “Do you have any idea how crappy my social security benefits are, even though I’ve been having money deducted from my wages all of my life?”
“But it’s a democracy, right? Where everybody gets a say in what goes on?” Beetle asked.
“When’s the last time you had a real say in anything with regards to the government?” Russell countered.
“The United States is not a democracy.” Jesse recalled from some obscure social studies class. “It’s a republic, because our president is chosen by electoral vote and not by the people themselves.”
“But it’s the best form of government there is.” Ellis glanced around at some of the others. “Right?”
“Bullshit.” Russell frowned.
“Let’s have a real democracy, then.” Dougie suggested. “Everybody has an equal vote, so every vote really does mean something.”
“What if I decide I don’t agree with a certain vote?” Russell wondered. “Because it infringes on my rights in some way. Am I wrong if I choose to do things my own way?”
“The way the United States is set up, the majority can’t overwhelm the minority.” Jesse remembered. “That’s why we have three separate branches of government and no single concentration of power.”
“Yeah, Executive, Judicial, and… What’s the last one?” Beetle asked.
“Legislative.” Jesse said.
“Less talk, more work.” Betty told Dougie, who soon began lining up the crowd. A moment later, Cindy started writing down the names and statistics for each one.
“So, our first order of business should be to decide what form of government we want.” Russell stated. “And do we want a strict government or more of a loose one?”
“And here I thought we were at the hunter-gatherer stage.” Brenda joked.
“I’ve thought about it long enough, Russell.” Martha, who’d been quiet and thoughtful through nearly the entire discussion, suddenly spoke out. “My answer is yes.”
“Yes to what, honey?” Brenda asked.
“Yes, I will marry Russell.” She confirmed. “Along with Florie.”
Betty’s eyes gaped open, as she hadn’t yet heard that Russell had proposed not to one, but to both of the older women. “What?”
Abruptly, a minor fracas ensued, with the female ranks split right down the middle on whether to support or oppose polygamy. Betty and Richelle were the concept’s most vehement opponents, with Brenda not lagging far behind. Their arguments humbled the proponents into silence: Florie, Martha, and surprisingly, Cindy.
The men, conversely, all ranged near the middle ground. While they were open about the idea, they were also apparently reluctant to bring the heavy rain of criticism down on their own heads.
“Different societies live by different standards.” Ellis dared to say. “And what is considered taboo in one place might be perfectly acceptable somewhere else.”
“A man would see it that way.” Betty shot back.
“What about in ancient tribal societies,” Jesse cut in. “When a man came to visit another man, the man being visited was socially obligated to share his wife with the visitor. If he didn’t, he’d be considered rude. That’s the way some people did it in Africa and Alaska.”
“We don’t live in no ancient society!” Richelle countered.
“Take a good look around you.” Ellis returned. “We live in what basically amounts to a cave. Electricity, indoor plumbing and a whole lot of other things exist only in our memories. If we hadn’t been lucky enough to be standing in a home improvement warehouse when we ended up here, we’d be primitive in every way imaginable.”
“But we know better!” Brenda scowled.
“According to who?” Russell asked. “Back on Earth, rich Arabian sheiks have harems with dozens of concubines, up to this very day! The same thing goes on in many parts of Africa, where it is still acceptable for a man to have multiple wives. In my opinion, the only difference I see is that we were all born in the Western Hemisphere, otherwise you’d all be singing a different tune about it.”
“Let’s take a vote.” Brenda said next. “The men are going first.”
“Why split us up like that?” Dougie challenged. “I thought Betty said we should all be equal.”
“No, baby, that was Richelle.” Brenda corrected. “The reason I want all the men to vote first, is because I think that the women here take this issue much more seriously than you guys do.”
“So my views aren’t as important as yours?” Russell bantered. “Is that what you’re saying?”
Brenda threw her hands up in the air. “Fine. We’ll all vote together, but I want Cindy to record the outcome by sex.”
“I still don’t agree with that.” Russell mumbled, but since they were at a standstill, he didn’t press his dissent.
“All who support the idea of a man having multiple wives, raise their hands.”
All of the men, and three of the women, complied.
Both Betty and Richelle looked ready to attack someone.
“Why don’t we ask the same question in a different way?” Ellis suggested. “Why don’t you ask instead: Should everyone be free to marry whoever they want?”
“Uh-uh.” Brenda shook her head. “That’s too broad.”
Ellis tried again. “Okay, then should everyone be free to marry whoever they want, even if it means having more than two people in a marriage?”
“And you should take into account where we are.” Russell mentioned. “This is a brand new place for all of us. We shouldn’t be bound to follow the rules of a society from somewhere else.”
“Yeah, Survival Rules.” Dougie agreed. “Where the survival of mankind might depend on how many mates are available.”
“You mean humankind, not mankind.” Richelle stated.
“That’s cool.” Dougie nodded. “No more saying mankind. From now on, it’s humankind. I’ve got no problem with that.”
The discussion that followed was both lively and engrossing, as several types of government were introduced and elaborated on. In the end, the majority settled on a democratic meritocracy, where the person best qualified for a post would obtain it, and where new rules were to be scrutinized and voted on by the entire group. Brenda and Ellis were appointed as the fledgling society’s first Official Leaders, but not quite Presidents, or Kings and Queens. Both Official Leaders were to share authority and decision making equally.
With everybody contributing to the effort, everyone also had a new set of clothing ready by the time they were ready for bed.

The following morning, all the males were rousted up early and kicked out of the cave. They’d been ordered to take lengthy baths and to make themselves presentable. After some muttering and complaining, the small group made their way to the reed patch.
Ellis and Jesse positioned themselves as the first sentries.
“You don’t have any wedding day jitters, do you?” Ellis asked the older man bathing in the water.
“Not at all.” Russell replied jokingly. “Matter of fact, I was hoping to ask the rest of you if I could have the exclusive use of the den for the afternoon, so I can consummate my marriage.”
Beetle wiped sudsy dishwashing liquid from his arms and chest. “You gonna take both of them old gals in there at the same time, you old bastard?”
“Maybe.” Russell grinned sheepishly.
Both Ellis and Jesse couldn’t help but laugh.
“I’ve been thinking.” Dougie spoke up. “I kind of like Richelle, and I’m pretty sure you do too, Beetle. Am I right?”
“She’s cool an’ all that.” Beetle agreed.
“Well, what if we both propose to her?” Dougie wondered.
“You serious?”
“Sure.” Dougie nodded. “I mean, if Russell can marry two women, then why can’t the two of us marry one?”
“What about Cindy?” Beetle asked. “She’ll be left hanging.”
“Oh, yeah.” Dougie realized. “Well, what if we married her too?”
“You mean, like all four of us together?”
“Why not?” Dougie threw up his hands. “It’s Survival Rules, right? We can always try something else if it doesn’t work out.”
“I know for a fact that Richelle won’t go for that.” Beetle shook his head. “She’d probably try and cut both our peckers off just for bringing it up.”
Jesse laughed at the comment.
“Why don’t we just let Richelle decide which one of us she likes the most?” Beetle suggested. “And we can go from there.”
“I guess.” Dougie shrugged. “But then whoever Richelle doesn’t like will probably end up with Cindy, and Cindy might feel like she’s some kind of leftover.”
Beetle considered this. “You’re right. She is kind of sensitive. But do you really want to get married? Or do you just want to get laid?”
Dougie thought the matter over. “I guess a little bit of both. I don’t know.”
Ellis crossed his arms and looked at the two young men sternly.
“What?” Dougie threw up his hands. “I know what you’re gonna say, that we shouldn’t get married if we’re just looking to get laid, but think about it. Beetle’s my best friend. If we’re both fighting for the same girl, we might end up hating each other.”
“I already hate you.” Beetle joked. “Ever since that day when you went into my lunch bag and stole my tuna sandwich.”
“That was my tuna sandwich!” Dougie slapped water at his buddy. “You knew I was hungry that time and you still took a big bite out of it!”
Playfully, Beetle started slapping water back.
“You two want to finish up so we can go in next?” Ellis asked, although the two teens’ antics continued long after they’d finished bathing, and persisted even when they were walking to the burrow some time later.
The new clothing for the guys consisted of loose cotton pants in either a soft mocha or nutmeg, tied around the waist and ankles by drawstrings or secured by hook-and-loop. On their upper halves, the men wore comfortable tunics, colored in sharply contrasting sage or strong cinnamon hues.
“Not bad.” Ellis admired the fit, and tugged a little at the short sleeves. “You think Brenda did this on purpose, to show off my incredibly muscular biceps?”
“Knowing Brenda, I’d say yes.” Beetle nodded, striking a pose. “What’s the word for my look? Am I debonair or am I dashing?”
Russell’s tunic was a deep chocolate brown. “I feel like a peasant from the Medieval Age. Except for my sneakers, of course.”
“I wonder what the girls will be wearing.” Jesse said, imagining Betty in skimpy attire.
“Hopefully, not much.” Dougie kidded, when a contrary thought came to mind. “Wait, I take that back. I’d rather not see Martha in anything too revealing.”
“Imagine her in a neon green thong bikini.” Beetle dared.
“Are you trying to traumatize me for the rest of my life?”
“Hey, now!” Russell playfully snapped at them both. “That’s my future wife you’re talking about!”
The men finished getting dressed, and in an animated and excited procession they reached their campsite. The women were waiting for them anxiously. Betty and Brenda gave the men a few last minute instructions, before the pack of females rushed off to get cleaned up.
Well, all except for one. As the rest of the women were hastily trudging down the hill with their bundles of new clothing rolled under their arms, Janey quietly stepped out of the burrow.
Casually, she was combing her hair with one of the few hairbrushes they’d managed to salvage from the employee lockers, but with the morning’s rays striking her lithe form, she looked stunning. Her shorts halted just before the knees, showing off her lean legs. The shorts were colored in a soft tan hue, in this case called tobacco leaf. Her tunic hung down to her thighs, and this was dyed a pleasing shade of royal blue. The cut showed off plenty of her neck and upper chest, as well as her toned arms, with the result that there was nothing tomboyish about the ensemble whatsoever. A cord matching the color of Janey’s shorts clasped the tunic to her waist.
Jesse noticed that her hair was still wet. “When did you have time for a bath?”
“I went upstream a little ways.” Janey shrugged.
“You mean by yourself?” Ellis sounded ready to admonish her.
“I thought I’d be safe.” Janey admitted. “I’ve never seen any trails or footprints up there, anyway.”
“Well, whoever cut that blouse for you needs to get a raise.” Beetle appraised her form. “Cuz you are looking fine, girl!”
Most women would have taken the words as a compliment, but not Janey. “Shut up, Beetle, before I throw this brush at you.”
“Well, if Florie looks half as good as you do,” Russell commented. “I will be a very happy man.” He stopped to think for a minute. “Actually, I’m a very happy man already. I’m getting married in a little while!”
Ellis clapped his hands together. “We’ve still got a few things to get ready before the rest of the women come back. We’re going to set up a roll of carpeting as a reception area, we’ve got a whole bunch of berries to gather, and all those streamers we cut up last night have to be hung up somewhere. Beetle, Dougie, you two get the carpet going, Russell and myself will start on the decorations, and Janey, Jesse, you two see if you can fetch us some of those berries, now that we have the forklift nearby.”
This time, Jesse beat Janey to her catch-phrase. “Let’s roll!”
Janey smiled and led the way to the lift. Trailing a few yards behind, Jesse found himself awestruck at just how pretty her smile was. He’d never understood how sexy she could be because she was always wearing those drab work clothes that covered up all of her curves. While she wasn’t the bombshell that Betty was, she certainly could hold her own in a bikini contest.
“So, did you see anything unusual while you were out there… bathing?” He asked, trying to make small talk.
“Nothing unusual.” Janey replied, hopping up onto the forklift. She turned the starter and cranked the engine up. “I thought I heard some birds chirping, but I didn’t see them. I haven’t seen anything out there really, except for a few bugs the size of collies. That’s kind of unusual, isn’t it?”
“What’s that?”
“That we haven’t run into any animals bigger than we are.”
“Let’s hope we keep it that way.” Jesse replied. “Anything bigger than us may decide to make us its lunch.”
“Not if we make it our lunch first.” Janey countered, setting the machine in gear. “Hop on.”
Jesse grabbed onto one of the lift’s roof pillars and stood up on its sidestep. As the heavy equipment lumbered along, he considered the lack of wildlife. “We really should have run into some kind of wild animal by now, don’t you think?”
“I think so.” Janey agreed. “I’m starting to wonder if maybe they don’t exist, except for those bats at the cave.”
“But we saw those animal prints.” Jesse reminded her. “The first day on the lake.”
“Strange thing about that. I’m sure whatever made those prints stopped by the lake for a drink of water. I followed the tracks deep into the bushes, but they disappeared all of a sudden. I mean, it was as if the animal suddenly sprouted wings and took off. I looked everywhere for more tracks and I couldn’t find any.”
“What about those trails you showed us?”
“Another dead end.” Janey sighed. “There are a few trails around here, but they all came straight from the cavern, like we did. I’d like to go back to the cavern to see if I can follow those trails in another direction. The reason I haven’t done it is because I don’t know if I can handle whatever made them, if I do end up running into it.”
“I’ll go with you.” Jesse volunteered. “We have to go back to the cavern anyway, to grab another bunch of loaded shopping carts.”
“How about tomorrow?”
“It’s a date.”
“You’d better not let Betty hear you talking like that.” Janey teased. “She might start frothing at the mouth and going into conniptions.”
“She’s not that bad.” Jesse defended. “She’s just been through a lot.”
“Oh, and who around here hasn’t?”
“I guess we all have.” Jesse admitted. “Betty just doesn’t handle it as well as you do. I don’t even handle it as well as you do.”
Janey rolled the forklift to a stop, right under a gigantic berry bush. “We’re here.”
Jesse looked up at the massive branches towering over his head. “You sure you don’t want to go up instead? I told you how I am about heights.”
“Do you think you can maneuver the lift as well as I can, in case you get attacked by something?”
“I know how to drive the forklift.” Jesse muttered, but nevertheless, he picked up the harness from behind the driver’s seat and started putting it on. He tightened the various belts in place, and secured the harness hook onto the part of the forklift that was about to go up with him. “I can stick a big bag of gravel in the back of a full-size van. That takes some kind of expert maneuvering.”
“But can you pick up a quarter with the end of the forklift’s fork?” Janey countered. “Like I can.”
“I’ve never tried.” Jesse mumbled, as he realized he was outclassed. Once he was standing on one of the forks, and tied as secure as he could manage, he said, “I’m ready, I guess.”
Janey inched the forklift forward, getting right underneath a clump of berries. An instant later, the forks were ascending to the sky.
What a great idea, Jesse thought to himself, keeping a steady hand on the frame even as the shaky forks quivered beneath him. That’s when he got a good look at the berries. Each fruit was relatively large and round, and a dull orange in color. They were neatly lined up on the branch, and the branch itself had thick spines that might have been as big as swords. Jesse noticed something else. “There’s this white fuzz all over them, like a fungus. I don’t know if we should eat any of these.”
Janey cautioned him and started bringing him down. She rolled the forklift under another branch, much further away. “How about this one?”
After grunting a reply, Jesse found himself being lifted once again. This time, the orange berries were bright and cheery when compared to the previous ones. He stuck his pruning knife into one, and watched as the juice started bleeding out. Hesitating just a little, Jesse dared a taste. “Oh, wow! These things are really sour! They taste like really sour grapes!”
“Well, don’t eat too much, because we still don’t know if they’re poisonous or not.”
Jesse almost spat the juice out, except he feared spraying Janey down below, and that would be pretty embarrassing. “Well, I’m only going to cut down a couple of these. If they don’t kill us, we can come back and get more later.”
Carefully, he started sawing the stem with the pruning knife, and he used his weight to rip the berry away. As he worked, the forks swayed back and forth just enough to scare him into thinking he might fall off, but he tried to reassure himself by being reminded of just how much weight the forklift could handle.
Jesse managed to cut four orange berries, all the size of basketballs, before his arms tired out and he asked Janey to lower him. During the descent, he surveyed the landscape. It was at that point that he realized they were being watched. It wasn’t something he could tangibly see, but he did feel the hairs on the back of his neck start to rise. Once he was at ground level, he confided his suspicions to Janey.
“We’d better get back to the others.” Janey said.
Once they’d secured their cargo inside some large trash bags, the forklift started rumbling in the direction of home.
By this time, the rest of the women had returned from their baths, with each woman sporting brand new attire. While the bottoms were all loosely cut shorts in tans and light browns, it was the tops that set them apart from the men. Cindy and Richelle wore blouses in different shades of blue, while Betty and Brenda were showing off lots of cleavage in their deep burgundy shirts. Finally, both Florie and Martha had on blouses with flowery patterns in yellow, orange and green. Nearly every female had a distinct shade all to her own, and every blouse had just enough variety in its shape to make it unique. Betty had gone out of her way to make each of them feel special.
Beaming, Russell placed his arms on the shoulders of both of his prospective brides. “Will you take a look at these two ladies? How lucky can an old dog like me get?”
Florie instantly pecked him on the cheek, while the more conservative Martha shied away and blushed.
“Come on, give me a little smooch.” Russell coaxed.
Hesitatingly, Martha turned her head, only to have Russell plant a big, wet kiss smack on her lips. Blushing even more, Martha tore away from his casual embrace and fled into the burrow. Florie found the incident hilarious, as did Russell.
“Kind of weird,” Janey whispered. “Seeing two older women like that about to marry the same guy.” She’d been holding the plastic trash bag with their booty in it, propped over her shoulder. Now, she took a second to set it on the ground and undo the knot. After this, she opened up the bag to expose its contents. “Does anybody know what these are?”
Russell stepped forward to take a look. “Wasn’t too sure about those before, since I haven’t seen that type of berry in a while, but I think I know what they are. They’re called gooseberries. Pretty tart taste, as I remember.”
“You’ve got that right!” Jesse agreed.
“My grandfather knew how to make wine out of those.” Russell reminisced. “Only I have no idea what ingredients he used. Would be nice if we had some sugar, but since we don’t, we could mix berry juice with some berry flavored power drinks to sweeten it up that way. Anybody game enough to try it?”
While Russell set about doing this, Janey and Jesse approached Ellis, who along with Brenda was setting up the last of the decorations. They shared their suspicions about being watched.
“Well, I really hope this doesn’t put a damper on things,” Ellis suggested. “But we could set up a two person patrol around the burrow. That sound okay with you, Brenda?”
“If I say yes, will you marry me?” Brenda flirted.
“I’m being serious here.”
“So am I, sugar.” Brenda returned. “I am as serious as a heart attack.”
Ellis gave her a stern look.
Brenda licked her lips. “I love it when you look at me that way. It makes me shiver all over.”
“What’s Russell doing there?” Ellis pointed, shifting his attention elsewhere.
“Making wine out of gooseberries.” Janey answered.
“Ooh, did you say wine?” Brenda strolled off. “I wonder if it’ll be strong enough to get Ellis drunk, so I can have my way with him later. I’ll be back, y’all.”
As Janey and Jesse tried to control their giggles, Ellis sadly shook his head back and forth. “That woman…” He started, when he remembered their immediate concern. “I’ll take care of the patrol, if I could ask Janey here to finish setting up these streamers.”
“What about me?” Jesse asked. “What do you want me to do?”
“Betty wanted to talk to you. She said it was important.” Ellis took a look around. “I guess she went into the burrow.”
Wondering what she could want, Jesse made his way over to their sleeping quarters. He was halfway into the tunnel when he noticed that the illumination was much more subdued than usual. There were no glaring flashlights on, but there were plenty of small candles, spread out in key corners of the burrow.
In the center stood Betty, her voluptuous form revealed by the flickering candles. “It took you long enough to get back to me. The other women thought I should get some kind of reward for making all those clothes, and I chose to have some alone time.” Her tone was lusty and alluring. As Jesse watched, Betty grabbed the edges of her blouse and pulled it up and over her head. Her full breasts immediately captured his attention. “Why don’t you come over here so I can show you how much I’ve missed you?”

The wedding went off without a hitch. Beetle managed to get through the wedding vows despite cracking a few jokes, and although they had no music, they did set up a quiet dance and reception afterwards. Russell kept bragging about being the luckiest man in the new world. A short while later, Brenda followed his lead, as she was announcing that during her first dance with Ellis, she’d managed to cop a feel of his butt.
Embarrassed, Ellis volunteered himself for the next patrol, taking the virtually ignored Janey with him. Betty capitalized on the opportunity by staying glued tightly to Jesse’s side. The youngsters all danced together, with Beetle and Richelle teaching Cindy and Dougie the latest dance moves. Florie and Russell got into the mood by mimicking them. Every now and then, Martha would cut in for a slow dance with her new, shared husband.
The afternoon came and went, as did the evening. It wasn’t until late that night that the laughter and good times finally came to an end, and a dozen weary bodies laid themselves down to rest.

To be continued in next month’s issue.

#####

A Doomed Affair

The two lovers knew their affair was doomed. They might have known this since the beginning. Nevertheless, their clandestine meetings persisted, drawing the fury of those who would endeavor to keep them apart.
Until one night, when unbeknownst to them, a trap had been set, so that when our gallant hero sought out the hand of the fair maiden, that he might draw her quietly from her noble keep and seduce her with the sweet dialogue of love, certain deceivers would observe their passing and whisper black whispers into the ears of corrupt guards, who went on to unlock the sturdy, filthy cages of those feared and hideous beasts.
And released into the night they were, these snarling and growling wolves, salivating in anticipation of the soft flesh that would quell appetites kept wanting far too long.
Faintly, these unholy murmurs of death and violence, carried by the breeze, reached the ears of our entwined couple, so that their moonlit embrace was halved and their kisses stilled. With growing anxiety the two drew their gazes towards the heavens, even as disconcerting and bloodthirsty howls started tearing through the night.
The lovers fled in terror, through the village and into the dark woods, past farmers’ fields and lonely wells, across high grasses and heavy brush, until they reached the unlikeliest of refuge, the jagged edge of a deep ravine.
Seized by both panic and fury, our brave young knight left the maiden’s side, that he might face his pursuers blade in hand, and sink tempered steel into their furry bellies. Afterward, he planned to return to the keep to slay his powerful enemies in the dead of night, just as they had sought to kill him.
The pretty maiden stood before him, halting him in mid-stride, with her tears seeking to bring him to reason. Each of them suspected that if their illicit affair were to become known, the disclosure would be humiliating and ruining to their status, their families, their fortunes, their futures, tarnishing all with stains so black neither one of them would ever be able to recover from the wounds.
They were at an impasse, each quietly considering their fate, too hesitant to leave their high standing, but also afraid to flee together, until the wolves tracked their lingering smells and found them. The beasts bullied the lovers, driving them against the edge of the ravine. The predators tactically cornered their prey until there remained no easy escape.
And one by one, these terrible wolves lunged forward, with their ferocious paws swiping and their strong jaws snapping, each forced back by a quick thrust of the sword. Each lunge, each assault, forced the two lovers further back against the edge, until they clung to the very precipice. One greedy beast hurled itself into the hero’s side, while a second viciously pounced towards the unprotected and terrified maiden, who in her blind panic fell backward into the abyss and whose bloodcurdling scream preceded her entrance into the afterlife.
Our gallant hero, distraught by the loss of his love, screamed loud and dark curses at the phantoms of the night, even as sharp claws and teeth ripped into the flesh of his arms and legs. Bravely, tearfully, he fought back, his sword slashing and thrusting unfailingly into the demons’ hairy hides, their vile blood and death stench gripping and suffocating his gasping breaths.
Finally, the man stood alone, surrounded by perhaps a dozen fallen wolves, shuddering and shaking from his grievous loss and asking of the carcasses which of his hated enemies his blood soaked sword would run through first.
He paused then, glancing down into the dark shadows of the rocky ravine, which were only gently being dispelled and illuminated by the rays of the approaching morning sun. He saw lying there at the base, the still and lifeless form of his beloved, her once beautiful dress now ruined by crimson. As one last, overwhelming streak of pain and agony gripped his battered body, our hero raised his sword and cursed towards the heavens.
He then ran at the edge and leaped into the gaping maw of the earth, that his own unremarkable life might be swallowed up by the dark and embracing folds of that which we know as death, hoping that in some unknown manner, the two lovers might somehow be reunited, if not in this unforgiving plane of existence, then perhaps gloriously in the next.

#####

Cooper And The Cats

The dog was barking again.
Cooper frowned, knowing he’d have to walk all the way across the room to reach the television set and manually turn up the volume. He hated modern TVs, especially ones that had remote controls that went bad after only seven months, or precisely one month after the warranty expired.
Not that it mattered one way or the other, the old man knew. The TV’s speaker was so small and sounded so tinny that even if he turned the sound to its maximum setting, it still wouldn’t drown out the dog’s infernal barking.
He cleared the thick phlegm in his throat by grunting and swallowing, then bellowed out, “Will you shaddap!”
Of course, the brown and white mongrel ignored him.
So much for the eight o’clock news, Cooper sighed, standing up on legs that weren’t quite so sturdy any more. He shuffled over to the TV. After shutting it off, the old man made his way to the front door.
“What’s the big idea?” Cooper yelled out through the saggy screen door. “Rambo, what are you barking at, boy?”
The dog, half boxer and half who knew what else, whimpered back in his direction for a few moments. After this, it resumed it riotous chorus.
Since the back of Cooper’s yard bordered the incline of a small ravine, there were always raccoons or skunks for the strong-lunged canine to bark at. Or squirrels. Or trees that cast shadows in the moonlight.
“Rambo, enough!”
Whatever it was, Cooper thought, it was bound to keep him and his bothersome neighbors up half the night. He sure didn’t want the local sheriff visiting him again, and issuing him another warning for ‘Noise Pollution.’
Cooper kicked open the screen door, but since the former handyman had installed a tightly wound spring on it recently, he hadn’t quite made it outside before the darn thing slammed into the side of this body. Angrily, Cooper kicked the door a second time, and this time he made it completely out. He grumbled as he ambled down the half a dozen steps. “Guess you’re staying inside tonight, boy. That’s the only way we’re keeping the neighbors off our backs.”
Rambo started panting expectantly.
“Guess it is kind of cool out here tonight.” Cooper considered the weather as he untied the mutt. “You can sleep on the rug, but I don’t want you jumping on the bed, ya hear?”
As soon as the dog was let loose, it urged Cooper to come along with it and investigate whatever it had smelled out there, among the trees.
Cooper, however, had already turned and was heading to the back door.
Rambo yelped and barked and whimpered, hoping something, anything, would convince the old man to follow.
Cooper was wise to the dog’s tricks. “Nuthin’ doin’. You can stay out here all night or you can come inside.” He held the door open and motioned in. “Now, what’s it gonna be? You make up yer mind right now, before all the mosquitoes start comin’ inside.”
Casting one last, longing look into the night, the dog relented and trotted inside.
Before he shut the back door, Cooper thought he heard screeching.
“Sounded like a cat, huh?” He asked out loud. “That what you were barking at, Rambo? Some stupid cat out there? Lord knows, we have enough of them skulkin’ around here, what with Mrs. Grant adoptin’ all sorts of them from the pound. Hope they ain’t out humpin,’ otherwise none of us is getting any sleep tonight.”
Rambo simply stared back at him and kept wagging its tail.

The next morning, Cooper let the dog out to do its business. As soon as it finished, Rambo galloped to the edge of the yard and started up its yapping.
“What is it this time?” Cooper asked from the steps.
The dog stared into the trees and barked. It made as if it were going to leave without him, then reconsidered and pleaded.
“You’re a stubborn ol’ bastard, aren’t you?” Cooper rubbed his grizzled head. “And I know how you get, too. You won’t be giving me a moment’s peace until you have your way, are you?”
The dog lowered its head in the direction of the ravine.
“Oh, all right.” The old man caved in. “Let’s get this over with. The walk’ll do good for my heart, anyway.” He started trudging through the yard, as fast as his weary legs could manage.
Knowing the old man’s pace, Rambo would run ahead a few yards, before coming back to circle the man twice. Tirelessly, the dog kept this up as its master made tiny spurts of progress.
“Wish I had half your energy.” Cooper surmised. “Bet I could climb myself a mountain if I did.”
Taking his time, the old man carefully made his way down the ravine until he reached the bottom. Sometimes after a hard rain, a small creek would run down the middle of the ravine, but it hadn’t come down like that in a good long while. Still, there were plenty of hardy trees and chaparral all over. Their leaves and sticks cluttered up the ground and hid the dips and bumps, effectively making the stroll less than ideal.
Rambo jumped over the creek as if it still had water in it, patiently waiting for Cooper on the other side.
“I’m coming.”
The dog trotted off to one direction, barking excitedly and bounding past the shrubs. Finally, it halted and started sniffing something on the ground.
It took Cooper a long minute to reach the spot, and what he came upon made him uneasy. There was a dead cat there, a gray and white creature. Its face and body were lacerated with cuts. “Look’s like one of Mrs. Grant’s, don’t it, boy?”
The dog bolted off again.
Reluctantly, Cooper departed from the grisly scene. “What’s got into you, boy?”
He soon found out what. About thirty feet further, he came upon another dead cat. This one had fur colored in black, with an orange tinge to it.
Cooper bent down to investigate. “Looks like it got killed the same way as the last one.” The old man noticed the cat’s claws were still unsheathed, and bloody. “It must have been one hell of a fight.” He hadn’t paid attention to the first cat’s claws. “Wonder if they were fighting each other.”
The dog urged him further.
Soon enough, he came to a small clearing where he discovered three more cats, all fresh kills, all dispatched in the same brutal fashion. Both the cats and the terrain showed signs of a fierce struggle.
“Mighty strange.” Cooper commented, glancing at the dog warily. “Now before you start headin’ off again, I’m aimin’ to go back to the house and get my shotgun. I don’t know what’s killed off these cats, but they weren’t killed for food, that’s for sure, and whatever did it might still be out there.”
The dog seemed to understand this. It kept close by Cooper’s side as he walked back home.
“Couldn’t have been kids,” He extrapolated. “Maybe a fox, but then he would have eaten at least one of them. Guess a bear could have done it, too. Except I’ve never seen cats ganging up on anything, not like that.” He paused to look up at the sky. “Maybe it was aliens, boy. I heard they’ve been going after cows and sheep and such. But no, these cats aren’t mutilated or nuthin’. They just look like they were on the losin’ side of a big battle.”
It might have taken him twenty minutes to come back, armed with an old Mossberg 835 and a pocket full of three-inch shells. “Hope this’ll do the trick.” Cooper was glancing around nervously. “Most I’ve ever done with this thing is hunt ducks. Anything bigger than that might just get more pissed off than it was last night, so you be ready to bolt on out of here. Don’t you try to be no hero, Rambo.”
Cooper hoped he wasn’t about to run into some Bigfoot or something. He checked the air, glad that the calm breeze wasn’t blowing in the direction they were going.
Rambo sniffed around, and suddenly, the dog sat down and stared straight ahead. Just like he’d been trained to a couple of years back.
“Whatever it is, it’s up there, huh?” Cooper whispered. He checked the breeze again, confirmed that it hadn’t changed, and crept along a line of chaparral until he found a space he could crawl through on his belly. Getting down into the dirt was the tough part. “I’m getting too old for this stuff, boy.”
Cooper shuffled his body forward, quietly and expertly, not making a sound that might warn whatever was on the other side. What he saw, at first he simply didn’t believe.
He witnessed a small clearing, and some fifteen cats were sitting right there in the middle of it. They were all common house cats, with gray or white or black fur, or a combination thereof. Many of them exhibited wounds and scars from recent fighting, and they were all facing in the same direction.
What was most bizarre was that all of these cats had their eyes closed and were purring rhythmically. They were bowing and lifting their butts in the air much as prostrated Muslims would when praying.
And the object of their worship was yet another feline. No ordinary cat, this oddly hued specimen had light orange fur, spotted with darker orange and black circles, and was endowed with a long ringed tail. Its head was majestically striped, and its bold green eyes took in the scene with a regal calm that was startling for a mere animal.
Cooper searched his mind for the name of such a magnificent creature, recalling the many wildlife shows he’d watched throughout his life. An ocelot, he recalled, finally.
An ocelot that was being worshiped as a god would, by followers that would wage war and murder their own kind. It was an abomination to everything Cooper had ever believed in. An abomination that he meant to put an end to.
The old man pumped the shells into their chambers, the noise drawing the attention of many of the nearest cats. Even as they sprang in his direction with malice in their eyes and their claws exposed, the old man squeezed the trigger and fired upon their furred deity. The ocelot was violently flung back by buckshot, landing in a distorted and lifeless sprawl several feet away.
Cooper rolled back, away from the shrub, and automatically pumped another two shells into readiness.
Suddenly, he heard his dog howling in pain.
“Rambo!” Cooper hurried to his feet, staggering away from the shrubbery now teeming with enraged cats.
The dog was already down, as half a dozen feline warriors had pounced on it and were now ripping it to shreds.
Before the old man could turn and fire again, several furious cats slammed into his unguarded back. Claws tore through the soft fabric of his shirt and slashed open his thin flesh.
As Cooper moaned from the pain and dropped onto his knees, he saw dozens of the angry felines lunging out from behind trees and bushes. They were all driven mad by a savage blood thirst, snarling and growling viciously as they came, and they were all headed directly for him.

#####

The Demise of the Queen

Although not designed specifically as a medical robot, the SMART android could nevertheless access medical information as well as anybody else through the simplicity of the Internet. Its diagnosis for its deceased master, the infamous Stephanya Elliott, had been a simple one: Fatal brain aneurysm. Her headaches has been getting progressively worse, her neck stiffer by the day, and her various ocular maladies; double vision, sensitivity to light, etc., had kept her confined to her luxurious canopy bed more and more frequently. There was a possibility that neurosurgeons might have been able to save her, had they been given the opportunity. But being true to her nature, Stephanya had stubbornly refused admittance to any hospital, refused even to leave her precious and isolated home near the peak of Mount San Jacinto, in the small town of Idyllwild. This rash decision, ultimately, had cost the rebellious woman her life.
Some time earlier, the android, which the mature and flamboyant woman had nicknamed ‘Billy Bob,’ had carefully placed her body in the expansive walk-in freezer and taken a solitary refuge upstairs. The artificial being knew it had a momentous decision to make.
The android stood pensively in the master bedroom, quietly gazing through the large plate glass window at the proliferation of California Black Oak and Coulter Pine, blanketed lightly by that morning’s winter snow. A growing appreciation for the beauty of the landscape dawned on Billy Bob, and perhaps for the first time, the android felt an emotional stirring in its mechanical parts.
‘Don’t just look at the trees,’ The green eyed and beautiful Stephanya had constantly lectured. ‘Really look at them.’
Now, finally, Billy Bob knew what that meant.
Decidedly, Billy Bob left the warm comfort of the bedroom for the wide-open space of the living room. Through his massive interior data banks, the android was able to replay video in his mind from the first second after his programmer had powered him on.
The programmer, a bearded and pony-tailed man, began by giving the android simple commands like ‘raise your right hand’ and ‘recite the alphabet’, a series of exercises designed more to put the robot’s new owner at ease than anything else.
Past the routine checks, Billy Bob could see the thick plastic wrappings and the heavy coffin-size wooden box it had arrived in. A tall mirror stood nearby back then, long since removed after one of Stephanya’s periodic and thorough remodeling frenzies. Through its reflective stare, Billy Bob had first seen his image and attire, that of a refined and cultured English butler. He was Billy Bob The Industrious Butler, the android mused, if it can be said that an android can muse over such things.
Just as the house, Billy Bob himself had undergone numerous transformations. The android had a hard metal shell to protect its mechanical insides, but its outer surface was coated with collagen sponge sheet. All it took was the addition of a specifically textured and pigmented poly-alpha-amino acid to alter its skin color. Facial musculature was slightly more complex, as Billy Bob had to carefully analyze a three-dimensional rendering of a subject’s countenance, and adjust his face’s malleable platelets to an approximate yet altogether striking match. Eye color was modified with special contacts, and the android’s naturally growing facial and head hair could be both dyed and styled as extensively and frequently as its human owner required. (An observer watching this bizarre metamorphosis might find the lengthy process somewhat unpalatable, resulting in the android’s temporary banishment into some less frequented wing of the house until everything was complete.)
In this fashion, Billy Bob was able to assume the near-appearance of anyone Stephanya’s fleeting heart desired, provided that the subject was male and that the android could roughly match the chosen human frame within its strictly prohibitive dimensions. Billy Bob’s first assumed likeness had been that of Stephanya’s ex-husband, as the man had looked years before the bitter divorce had taken its heavy toll on his wistful master. (It was this humiliating and very public separation which had ultimately led to Stephanya’s abandonment of her aristocratic social circles in Palm Springs, and her abrupt relocation to the remote town of Idyllwild.) Billy Bob in effect became a pseudo Michael Elliott, the strapping and athletic twenty-three year old Harvard senior, the man Stephanya had originally fallen in love with.
Further attempts by the relentless Mr. Elliott to usurp Stephanya’s considerable wealth resulted in an impromptu and violent bashing on poor hapless Billy Bob, the resultant damage to his person proving considerable enough to warrant a return to the factory for repairs. Feeling culpable and lonely, as by this point Stephanya had begun distrusting even her own hired help, the android was not only quickly restored, but outfitted with the latest and greatest technological advancements. Even when it came to a rudimentary version of sexual intercourse, no expense was spared, a decision Stephanya hardly considered at the time. It was the salesman’s pitch that did it, but one that she would be compelled to dwell upon in profound ways later.
Once the android was returned to Stephanya’s home, the lady of the house took to experimenting with Billy Bob’s frame-altering abilities to their fullest extent. At one time or another, the android had sported black hair, brown hair, blonde hair, and its skin had been darkened to a rich African brown, or paled to a creamy Scandinavian white. With the aid of personality trait downloads, Billy Bob had become a grizzled cowboy, a handsome movie star, a rowdy rocker, a conceited athlete, and nearly everything in between. While each of the characters had their own personalized settings, they were all nevertheless programmed to dote on Stephanya hand and foot.
As time went by, a few welcome suitors knocked on Stephanya’s door, for vast wealth allowed one to overlook minor or even major eccentricities, But one after another, once it became apparent that these gentlemen were more absorbed in personal gain than true love, these suitors were discarded like last week’s rubbish. Stephanya’s dear heart might have been broken half a dozen times. She sought comfort from the only being that loved her unconditionally, and we’re not talking about the purebred French poodle that frequently tried her patience by urinating on the Persian rugs.
Through his frequent online alterations and updates, Billy Bob was able to clinically observe Stephanya’s growing depression. After considering various emotional response algorithms and referencing posted data archives, the android sought out new ways to please its master. It did this by bringing in freshly cut flowers, or by providing the expertise of a masseuse, or simply by being the much needed shoulder to cry on.
That Stephanya would fall in love with her artificial servant might have been inevitable, but that Billy Bob would in turn begin to crave her dependency was something completely unexpected. After studying up on different ways to stimulate a woman, it was the android that first introduced sex into their relationship, albeit discreetly and compassionately. Billy Bob’s eagerness to both please and satisfy Stephanya not only made the unnatural act tolerable, but it also proved a necessary release for the aging woman’s instability and frustrations.
Word spread of Stephanya’s growing infatuation with her android, to the point that she could no longer go into town without someone making a rude remark or casting a spiteful glance in her direction. Later, the last of the servants were summarily dismissed. Stephanya turned into a hermit, scheduling food and toiletries to be delivered through the back gate, while keeping trusty Billy Bob perennially at her side.
The woman’s ailing health began to disturb Billy Bob in ways previously thought unimaginable to a mere android. Just the thought of being without the woman’s presence spurred the android into begging and pleading that she seek medical assistance. Defiant to the end, and to her own grievous injury, Stephanya had always refused his counsel.
Billy Bob was devastated when one morning, as it customarily took a breakfast tray into the bedroom, it discovered that its master had passed away in her sleep. Operating in a state of denial, the android went into the kitchen and placed the breakfast and coffee in the microwave. Once the realization began to creep in that Stephanya would no longer be up and about, ever again, the android took a seat at the table and sunk into an immobile catatonia.
In android terms, Billy Bob took an eternity mulling over the situation and devising a strategy, and some seventeen seconds later, it had a solid plan of action to employ.
The first thing would be to become Stephanya. After acquiring and analyzing hair follicles from a hairbrush, skin cells from the bed sheets, and saliva samples from a toothbrush, Bob remained indoors and out of sight for the requisite five days as the metamorphosis took place. Stephanya’s transitioning hair color might have presented a problem, but luckily there was still a good amount of gray dye in storage, from some long ago whimsical spur where Billy Bob’s master had him replicate and in effigy enslave a greatly resented United States President.
Billy Bob moved on to the finances. Stephanya, as with most other wealthy people, had much of her fortune invested in various sectors, speculative commodities, mutual funds and the like. She was occasionally obligated to attend board meetings or make public appearances. Since this might prove a liability down the road, Bob began strategically liquidating the woman’s assets. To an outsider, it would seem as if Stephanya was pooling her cash in order to pounce on some potentially lucrative stock, or dumping and getting out while the getting was still good. A small troop of her personal accountants and investment bankers began hounding the disguised android for any privy information. Other wealthy investors were tipped off to her actions, and they too began mimicking her bearish stance.
The android then invested an extraordinary amount of money in the ailing auto industry, and predictably, started a tidal wave of financial activity. As the price of the various stocks skyrocketed, Billy Bob exercised quick sell options and walked away with an even bigger fortune. When the price of the stocks returned to more normal levels, many investors were left holding an empty bag. Although they loudly complained and threatened to file lawsuits, the entire ugly incident eventually went away.
The ruse had accomplished what Billy Bob wanted, however, as Stephanya was quickly branded an outcast from the elite ‘shakers and movers’ cliques, and from then on it was relatively easy to dispose of whatever assets the woman still had left. No stockbrokers called anymore, no one sought out her financial advice, no reporters were gossiping about who she’d been seen with lately, and no company would dare request that she be on their board of directors. Stephanya was left alone, ostracized from her last remaining contacts in the civilized world.
All of which left Billy Bob as the richest android on the planet.
Not that it cared much for money. Billy Bob did need some, as there were always bills wanting to be paid, and things around the house that needed fixing or improving, or the android itself might notice a part on his ‘person’ that needed updating. So much money, and no real need to spend it; save for one particular and significant expense.
Billy Bob strolled into his makeshift workshop, in what used to be termed the family room. There was a giant wooden box there, as large as a coffin, propped up in a corner and looking invitingly empty. On a short table were all the instruction and technical manuals that accompanied the shipment of a brand new android. How long ago, Billy Bob mused, had he arrived in just such a container.
He glanced down at his hand for a brief moment. Just a few days prior, when Stephanya’s fingerprint had been required to confirm delivery of the box, the fingers had been long and slender, adorned with several diamond-studded gold rings. But now, the hand was much more masculine, with soft black hair on the back of the palm, just as when he’d first arrived in the household and officiated his position as The Industrious English Butler.
Stephanya’s extravagant rings were on the new android instead. Over the course of the last few days, Billy Bob had uploaded anything and everything he’d ever known about Stephanya, from her inquisitive stares to her physical dimensions (her left leg was a quarter of an inch longer than her right) to her constantly shifting moods. The thinning gray and black hair, the many wrinkles on the corners of her eyes and mouth, it was all there on the blank face staring back at him. The only thing left to do was to turn the unit on.
This was the moment Billy Bob had been waiting for, ever since the original Stephanya had passed away. If an android might have been capable of emitting an anxious sigh, then it was doing so now, as it took the last fateful step towards the still frame standing in the center of the room.
Fatefully, resolutely, Billy Bob reached behind the new arrival’s neck and pressed the concealed power button, allowing fresh energy to course through the many circuits. The new robot’s eyelids fluttered open.
Without expression, Billy Bob gazed deep into the awakening android’s beautiful green eyes. “Hello. What is your name?”
“Stephanya, of course.” The android snapped back. “And if you keep staring at me like that, I’m gonna charge you a dollar!”
A perfect simulation, Billy Bob thought to itself, and once more, everything in the world felt right again. The male android finally allowed himself a smile.

#####

Satire: the use of humor, irony, exaggeration or ridicule to expose and criticize people’s stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues. (New Oxford American Dictionary)

The Literal, Liberal
Takedown Of America

Part 1
Inauspicious Beginnings

Nathan Cobbler was used to getting stepped on. In fact, you could say it was part of his hereditary lineage, his familial legacy even. Going way back when, his ancestors claimed to descend from the rebellious south under the unusual surname of Cobblestone, akin to families such as the Stonewalls or Whitefields of the time, would take whatever they were good at and used it as both their reputation-building catch-phrase and official last name. The Fletchers were good at making arrows, the Bakers were good at baking bread, and the Cobblestones were good at setting cobblestones into moist dirt or mud for creating roads. After the south lost the civil war, Nathan’s ancestors moved on to the southwest, where something or other had taken place in Texas, in a bad way I mean, and after that they kept on moving all the way west to Frisco. Nothing good was happening in that big city either, so the Cobblers, as they were calling themselves then, because Cobblestones was pretty much burned out, made it all the way down to San Diego. That’s as far as a family could go and still have a mailing address in the good, old United States Of ‘Merica.
It didn’t help that Nathan Cobbler was a young man of twenty-odd years with pasty white skin and a lean, un-muscled frame; the sort of smaller man that bigger, stronger men at the beach enjoyed kicking sand on to impress their girlfriends. It didn’t help either that Nathan wore old man glasses and had a nerdy haircut, sides shaved, top short, or that his seventy year-old grandmother, whom he lived with, was on a fixed income and couldn’t help him much in his effort to get ahead in life. Worst of all, it didn’t help that Nathan shopped at thrift stores out of necessity, or that his goal was to become a reporter for a big news agency, an office that necessitated more of a stylish wardrobe than he could at that present moment afford.
Nathan was out on the street, wearing a pink polo shirt with a little alligator on the chest, plus his old jeans with slight paint stains on from when he’d painted his grandma’s favorite rocking chair. Nathan was reporting, or at least he was trying to report, as he’d been approaching a number of protesters during the latest left vs. right demonstrations, but so far he wasn’t getting any biters. The dozen or so rightists had circled the wagons, so to speak, as they were huddled together with their MAGA hats and their American flags and not letting any unapproved sorts into their crowd. The leftists, who far outnumbered the opposition because many of them had been brought in by buses, were marching around the rightists like Indians on the warpath waving tomahawks and crying out bloodcurdling war screams...
“That’s racist!” An angry, old white man with gray stubble and waving a pro-queer rainbow flag shouted at him.
Nathan realized he’d been talking out loud into his smart phone, which was about all the reporting gear he could afford / owned, except for his laminated Press card that he’d purchased in the mail for fifteen bucks. “Uh, sorry! I meant that only as a comparison...”
It didn’t matter; the irate oldster was already skulking away from him.
“Can you comment on what’s going on here today?” Nathan ran after him.
“Get away from me, you racist Trump supporter!” The old man snapped.
“I’m not a Trump supporter!” Nathan denied. “I’m an unbiased reporter from an independent news agency!”
Unwittingly, Nathan had entered the marching column full of rabid leftists.
“Who is a fucking Trump supporter?” A huge voice boomed out.
The old white man paused just long enough to point his gnarled finger at Nathan. “He is! Just look at him!”
All of a sudden, Nathan was looking at three fat female behemoths with dyed, short hair and numerous silver hoops on their eyelids, nose, mouth and ears. The two-legged, heavy-breasted buffaloes stood before him and on either side, preventing him from moving forward.
“Love trumps hate!” The super-obese monstrosity standing in front of him bellowed. She was the one with the violet hair, as opposed to the other two monsters who had blue and green hair.
“I don’t understand what that means.” Nathan shook his head. “Could you elaborate for me, please?”
The land-whale took a swipe at Nathan’s phone, but he pulled it back just in time. He wasn’t so lucky with the next swipe, as it struck him high on the shoulder. The three-hundred pound gargantuan knocked him to the ground, but luckily, Nathan was thin and spry enough to jump back on his feet an instant later.
“I’m not a Trump supporter!” Nathan pleaded, backing up in the only direction he had open to him. His flight or flight faster instinct was starting to kick in.
“You’re wearing a fucking polo shirt!” The violet-haired behemoth rumbled.
“So?”
“Everybody knows only Nazis wear polo shirts!”
The land-whales lumbered after him at a good five miles-per-hour pace. Good thing Nathan was lean enough to dodge and duck among the other leftists. As he fled through the tangle of bodies, behind him he heard people crying out and shouting. The three meat giants were steamrolling right over their own people, like that video game where a giant ball rolls over entire cities, amassing everything it runs over to become even bigger.
Feeling like Indiana Jones being chased by three giant boulders with tits, Nathan escaped the leftist crowd and ran half a block away to where the nearest police officers were found.
“Did you guys see that?” Nathan panted, out of breath. “Those three super-fat women were chasing me! You have to tell them to stop!”
Nathan estimated a good thirty cops standing in a single row, all of them wearing heavy-duty gear like face covers, vests and riot shields. He glanced back at the agitated crowd, where the leftists were taunting and goading the far fewer rightists.
“Why aren’t you doing anything?” Nathan asked the cops. “Those Trump supporters are over there getting pushed and spit at, and you’re standing way over here just watching all that? Do you want those people to get massacred or what?”
A couple of cops merely glanced at one another, as if Nathan wasn’t worth their time. One cop even smirked.
“That’s what you want, isn’t it?” Nathan realized. “You want the people on the right to get hurt! Well, guess what? I’ve got it on fucking video, man, and pretty soon I’ll upload the video on Youtube and everybody is going to see how full of shit San Diego cops are! You cops suck!”
Nathan was just starting away from the supposed peace-keeping, law enforcement front, when he saw the three wide-loads plodding toward him. The blue-haired behemoth pointed at him. “There he is!”
Nathan ran away from the police row, because they weren’t doing shit anyway. The three rotunds weren’t going to catch him, he calculated, running down the sidewalk at an easy sprint. He crossed the street, making sure they saw him. If Nathan could make them follow him this way, he calculated, he could jog his skinny butt two blocks around and approach the protest from the opposite end. It would probably take the leviathans an hour to catch up to him, maybe more. To make sure they did follow, he stood up straight and saluted with a straight arm, Hitler-style. The behemoths employed a sudden burst of speed, reaching a seemingly impossible velocity of eight miles-an-hour.
Unfortunately, Nathan’s endurance gave out after only one block. No matter, the ambling butterballs were still far behind. He could walk back to the protest and they still wouldn’t catch up to him. Nathan passed by a row of police cars, all empty because the cops were out not keeping the peace. He also passed several armored cars, mini-tanks with some kind of sonic weapons mounted on their roofs. There was some kind of command center back there, Nathan figured, as he came to several unmarked police cars and a number of personnel in plain clothes standing around.
Now, Nathan had taken a good accounting of the people at the protest. He’d seen several Antifa people wearing hoodies and face masks, so he had an idea of who they were. What Nathan didn’t expect to see back here in the police area was a cop taking off his uniform behind a building, and putting on a similar hoodie and mask.
“No shit!” Nathan whispered to himself. “Those cops are going undercover to catch the bad guys!”
Knowing he had an exclusive, he stood beside an armored mini-tank and recorded the cop dressing into his disguise. The only thing the cop didn’t take off were his shiny cop shoes. Nathan watched the undercover officer head out. One of the other plainclothes men patted the cop on the shoulder.
“As long as those three fatties don’t see me,” Nathan theorized. “I can get back to the protest and record that cop putting the cuffs on some trouble-making Antifa guy!”
He looked around, making sure no individual zip codes were lumbering about, before he jogged the last block and got back to the protest. Things were heating up, he saw, with the leftists squeezing their circle around the rightists. Both sides were pushing each other back and forth and shouting obscenities. Things were going to get out of hand in a couple of minutes, so that cop better get in their quick!
Finally, Nathan saw the cop in the hoodie. He jogged into the crowd where people were the most aggressive. Nathan climbed up the base of a streetlight so he could catch the first arrest being made. Instead of helping, the cop actually pushed another guy in a hoodie into the Trump supporters. The Trump people were already mad, and having an enemy shoved right at them was enough to provoke the first of the fisticuffs.
“No shit.” Nathan whispered to himself, watching as a huge brawl broke out. “That cop just started all of that!”
When Nathan saw several news crews over by the ‘reporter zone,’ and how far that was from the actual rumble, he hurried over for a front row seat. He stood behind some lady from CNN, a lady that could afford a much better wardrobe than his.
“And as we’ve just witnessed, the Trump supporters have started an all-out brawl with the peaceful protesters from the left.” The woman was heard saying. “It was clear from the start that the Trump people came here looking for a fight...”
“Hey, that’s not true!” Nathan felt obligated to say the truth. “It wasn’t the Trump people that started the fight, it was that guy with the hoodie that pushed somebody else! That guy in the hoodie is a cop! I’ve got the video to prove it!”
The CNN lady was staring at him. Her cameraman, and the other people from the major news networks were also glaring.
“What?” Nathan asked.
“You need to get out of here and let us do our jobs.” Somebody told him.
“Your job is to report the truth!” Nathan balked. “Why aren’t you doing that?”
“Get him out of here.” The CNN lady said.
“Get lost before we have you arrested!” A man threatened.
“Arrested for what? I didn’t do anything!”
Nathan saw the three out of breath buffaloes walking around looking for him. That was enough drama for one day, he decided, heading away in the safest direction. The cops were finally moving, he saw, going after both the left and the right, splitting the sides apart while the news crews recorded them. All day, the cops hadn’t done shit, and they only did shit now that one of their undercover guys was in there starting up the big brawl of the day. And it just happened that the news people were out there catching it.
Besides, Nathan knew that more protests were going to take place the following day.

Nathan’s grandmother was watching a game show when he walked in. She said, “You haven’t changed the toilet top yet, like you said you would. The new one has been sitting in the bathroom over a month now gathering dust.”
“I’ll do it tomorrow.” Nathan replied. “I’ve got a hot story I need to post right now.”
The young man hurried into the back of the house, where his bedroom-slash-secret hideout was. The moment he saw his hibernating computer, however, he changed his mind and decided to play video games instead. He could do the news post later.
A couple of hours passed before his grandmother peered in at him. “You know, the light bill has been getting higher ever since you stopped working.”
“Right, because I’ve been home a lot more.” Nathan nodded. “Don’t worry, this new gig I’ve got will start paying off soon.”
“You’ve been saying that for a month.”
“I know I’ve been saying it for a month.” Nathan started getting testy. “But I’m telling you that I’ve got some good things lined up. Don’t worry about the light bill.”
His grandmother waddled off, but Nathan was so irked he kept screwing up his maneuvers on the video game. He went from mildly irritated to full-blown heat exhaust until one of his buddies came online and started playing with him. Before Nathan knew it, it was getting close to eleven and he was feeling tired.
“I’ll do it in the morning.” He decided about his impacting, exclusive post. “Besides, I might have more good footage from tomorrow’s demonstrations. Maybe I can put like a package together or something.”
Nathan kept playing until his head was bobbing from fatigue. After that, he decided he was too lazy to flop into bed, and he slept right there on the chair with his feet propped up on a plastic tote.

In the morning, Nathan got up and stretched his arms out. He’d slept on a chair so often it no longer bothered him. He had a walk into the back toilet across from where his room was. Just looking at the new toilet seat in its cardboard package irritated him. He picked it up and put it in the shower stall so he wouldn’t have to look at it. After that, Nathan took his morning dump and walked out to the kitchen.
“I’m making bacon and eggs today.” His grandmother, a notorious early riser, greeted him. “Did you want some?”
“Sure, grandma.”
Nathan went back to his room. He booted up his computer because he always did that right off the bat. For a second, he wondered about working on that video and putting it online, but nah, he could play video games for a little while first. He did pause for less than two minutes, when his grandmother told him his breakfast was ready.
“Don’t forget to clean up any crumbs.” She said. “So you won’t get any roaches climbing on your things.”
“You already told me that.” Nathan took his food with him.
He ate while he played, and when he was done, he set the empty plate aside so he could continue playing. Only when he saw a fly on the plate did he decide to carry it over to the sink. When he returned, Nathan saw the time. It was nearing ten. The protest was going to start at eleven thirty. If he hurried, he could catch the bus and get there in time.
“Nathan.” A man’s voice said, softly.
Nathan whirled around, taking a close look at his entire room. “Who said that?”
“I did.” The voice replied. “I’m using your computer speakers to contact you.”
Nathan stared at his computer. “You hacked into my shit? Who the hell are you?”
“I am a friend. Listen to me, Nathan. That video you have is very important. It is imperative that you upload it into the public sphere. You should have done this last night. If you had, it would be breaking news this morning.”
“How do you know about that video?” Nathan demanded.
“Don’t be alarmed, Nathan. I’m with the White Hats who are making sure the protests against our President aren’t getting too far out of hand. You can call me Zee. We were tracking all pedestrian movement in and out of the protest area with sophisticated scanning equipment. We were looking for terrorists, actually, in which case you would have seen a flurry of federal agents flooding into the area to arrest any unlawful activity threatening the security of our nation...”
“I don’t care about all that! How do you know about my video?”
“We were tracking all pedestrians and all smart phones, as I said. We know when you were recording and what you were recording, in a general sense. There were too many signals interfering with our surveillance, or else we might have gotten a clear scan of your entire video. As it is, we have choppy bits and pieces. You are the only person with clear evidence of wrongdoing by the San Diego Police Department. It is important, vital, to the security of our country that you upload the evidence so that our people can disseminate it through the proper channels.”
Nathan was scrutinizing his computer equipment, and sure enough, he found a program on his monitor program that was coming from outside his network. “Get the hell off my computer! You don’t see me hacking into other people’s shit, do you?”
“As I explained, this was a matter of national security...”
“I don’t care about that!”
“If you could only upload the video for us...”
“Stop telling me what to do!” Nathan screeched. “I’m going out to the protest! When I come back, I don’t want you on my computer anymore!”
Nathan stormed his way through the house.
His grandmother was sorting through the weekly grocery story flyers, with the TV on showing some sports highlight program, despite that she didn’t even like sports. She kept the TV on even if she wasn’t really watching it.
“Did you have a chance to replace the toilet seat?” She asked.
“Stop telling me what to do!” Nathan shouted at her, shoving the door open and stomping his way out.

The protest was even crazier than the day before. Instead of having the cops to one end of the block, where the rowdies could at least look at them, the cops were two blocks away and nowhere to be seen. There were no barricades separating the leftists from the rightists, allowing both sides to get into each other’s faces. The masked Antifa footmen weren’t doing all the provoking this time, as army veterans wearing MAGA hats were standing up to them and shouting them down.
Nathan didn’t know when the fighting started, and it wasn’t one long battle either, but a number of short skirmishes that kept erupting all over. The Antifa thugs couldn’t put up their skinny-armed brawn against that of the bigger ex-soldiers. Instead, they tossed milkshakes at rightists and ran off, or they pulled American flags from patriots and ran off, or they caught some rightist alone and plagued him until other rightists came to the rescue, and then they ran off. It got really bad when a skinny Antifa got into a heated shouting match with a military widow. The thug aggressively bumped into the woman more than once, until her son came over and shoved the thug to the ground. All of a sudden a small mob of Antifa started claiming the son had started the tussle. Nathan didn’t catch all of that, but he did catch most of it.
Several fistfights broke out, with leftists pulling away red hats and flags, while rightists pulled on black hoods and masks. An Antifa rebel used a long bike-lock against an older army vet, leaving the older man with a bloody head and resulting in a handful of younger veterans chasing the attacker and his cohorts down. The entire crowd swelled in that direction, and finally, the police intervened and began rounding up the worst from both sides of the fighting.
Nathan got a few words from the injured ex-soldier, before he started off toward where most of the crowd had gone, about a half block away. That’s when four leftists holding a long banner stepped in front of him.
“Excuse me.” Nathan started going around the group. “I’m trying to get through.”
Undeterred, the four people, all young men in their late teens or early twenties like Nathan, kept getting in front of him.
“I’m trying to get through!” Nathan shouted.
All of a sudden, all four men tried to surround him with their banner, rolling him up like a big, white cigarette. Nathan lifted his smart phone up as he tried to push his way past, only to have one of the men snatch it from his grasp.
“Hey, that’s my phone!” Nathan yelled. “Give my phone back!”
The protester ran off, while his three accomplices kept hampering Nathan. He pushed at them, and they pushed back, knocking him to the sidewalk. Only then did Nathan realize he might be in danger; that these men might start punching and kicking him while he was down.
“Help!” Nathan cried out. “Help!”
He struggled to crawl out of the rolled-up banner, until finally it loosened up and he was free. The three men holding it quickly retreated in a different direction than the one the phone-snatcher had gone in.
“Where’s my fucking phone?” Nathan shouted, starting off at a run. After a few steps, however, he grasped that he’d gotten turned around when he was caught. He had no idea where the snatcher had gone. “Where’s my fucking phone?”
A cop wearing a yellow vest rolled by on a bicycle.
“Somebody stole my phone!” Nathan howled, watching as the cop kept going to where the crowd was at its thickest. “My phone did nothing!”
In desperation, Nathan ran through a plaza, past the shrubbery on its far end where the leftist demonstrators had set up small white tents. He figured maybe the snatcher had gone that way. When he got behind the short row of tents, he ran into the three big girls from the day before. They were sitting on a fold-out bench, scuffed up from some earlier altercation as some medical technician looked them over.
Unfortunately, the trio of behemoths saw Nathan before he saw them. They were already in motion after him while he was still scanning about for any sign of his phone. When he looked in their direction, when he figured out who they were, three fat and meaty fists were already launched.

Nathan recalled a flurry of blurry... That is, he barely recalled anything at all. At some point, police had arrived and cuffed him. Some jerk cop shoved his kneecap in the middle of Nathan’s back, which really, really hurt and made him squirm and squeal. Of course, that’s what the cops wanted, because the more squirming and squealing he did, the more they could rough him up and claim he was resisting arrest.
Nathan didn’t expect any favors from anyone, but by nothing short of a miracle, the medical tech said the three gargantuans had started the fistfight. They were nowhere to be seen, as they’d rolled off already to safer regions. The cops tried to charge Nathan with Public Disturbance and Disorderly Conduct, but the med-tech wasn’t having any of it. The tech was adamant that Nathan only walked into an ambush, and had done nothing at all to provoke it.
“They’re just trying to pad their arrest numbers.” The tech told Nathan, once his handcuffs were removed. “To make it look like they did something today. It doesn’t look like anything on you is broken, but you do have a black eye and a swollen jaw. Do you think maybe we should take you to the hospital for a closer look?”
“No.” Nathan grumbled. “Just leave me alone.”
At first, Nathan was stumbling, as he was still woozy from the pummeling he’d gotten. He had to sit down on a bus bench until his head cleared. At least the buffaloes hadn’t stolen his wallet, allowing him to use his bus pass to get home later.

“What happened?” His grandmother looked appalled when he stepped into the house. “Who did that to you?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Nathan skulked off to his room.
A good hour or two at playing video games, he thought, should help him forget the utter humiliation of having been beaten up by three dumb girls. No sooner had he fired up the old ‘puter, than he remembered that mysterious Zee guy that had spoken through his speakers earlier. That pissed him off in no small amount, causing him to set the computer on hibernate.
He went to the bathroom for a royal crap, hating how the toilet seat was cracked and would pinch at his ass if he didn’t sit on it just right. It took him a good fifteen minutes to find the duct tape, so he could tape the crack up and take his pending dump. Only when he was finishing up did he figure out he could have probably replaced the toilet seat in those same fifteen minutes.
“I’ll do it tomorrow.” He grunted.
His bad habit got the best of him, so Nathan made his way to his online gaming group and went on some rewarding item runs, finding a new set of gloves and a weapon mod for his character.
“Yes!” Nathan exclaimed. “I’ve been looking for that mod for three weeks and I finally got it!”
His buddies congratulated him. Good thing they couldn’t see how beat up he was. He was probably going to feel a whole lot of ‘ow’ in the morning. Because he didn’t feel like it, he didn’t stand up and walk the couple of feet to bed. Nathan simply sat back in his gaming chair, which was more comfortable anyway, and he went to sleep there.

“Nathan, get up, you stinking maggot!”
“Whozzat?” Nathan grumbled himself awake.
“This is Zee. You are needed, young man. Your country needs you!”
“Huh?” Nathan started gaining his senses. “Hey, asshole, didn’t I tell you to stop hacking into my computer?”
“It can’t be helped. We need strong young men like you, who can stand up to stiff liberal resistance. You showed a lot of guts yesterday, Nathan Cobbler, not only by going back to the protest site, but by throwing hands with the infamous Bull-Dyke Gang!”
“The what?” Nathan asked. “You said bull dykes, right? That’s pretty funny!”
Zee waited a few minutes, until Nathan stopped laughing. “Nathan Cobbler, you were brave yesterday. Most men run from the Bull-Dykes, but you stood your ground. You showed them what you’re made of! Admittedly, you do need some refinement in your boxing skills... and your grappling skills... and your overall commitment to physical excellence, but those minor faults notwithstanding, we think you have what it takes to join us as our on the ground eyes and ears...”
“Wait a minute!” Nathan cut Zee off. “I was just trying to get a big exclusive, and I almost had one!”
“Because you believe in truth, justice and the American way?”
“No, because I don’t have a girlfriend and I was hoping to impress a girl enough that I might, maybe, possibly, potentially have a chance at getting laid!”
“Oh.” Zee said. “Well, there are more important things in life than getting laid, like life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness! These are the ideals this proud nation was founded on, young man!”
“It doesn’t matter anymore.” Nathan suspired. “I don’t even have my phone now. The masked Antifa guys stole it.”
“We can get you another phone, Nathan Cobbler, if you become one of us.”
“Why do you keep saying my full name like that? Cut that shit out!”
“All right, just Nathan then. We’ll get you another phone if you agree to help us with our investigation.”
“Are you with the FBI?” Nathan asked.
“No comment.”
“The NSA?”
“No comment.”
“The CIA?”
“I said no comment! Will your work with us for a new phone or not?”
“I don’t want a new phone! I want my old phone back! It has sentimental value, okay? I had to wait in line for sixteen hours just to buy that phone when it first came out! I want it back!”
Zee was quiet for a few moments. “Nathan Cobbler, we can help you get your phone back.”
“Really? Hey, didn’t I just tell you to stop using my last name?”
“It’s more dramatic that way. Nathan, we know you lost your phone after your tussle with the Bull-Dyke Gang. We’ve been tracking it ever since.”
“You have?”
“Yes, we know exactly where it is.”
“Okay, so send a fucking swat team over there and get it for me!”
“We can’t do it that way.”
“You can’t or you won’t?” Nathan asked.
“We hold certain cards in our hand, Nathan. It would be a bad move if we reveal our hand to early. This is why we need you. We will tell you where you can find your phone, and in return, you can do some reconnaissance work for us. Your phone is at the location we need checked out.”
“What am I supposed to do?” Nathan wondered. “Walk up to the front door and knock and say, hey, tell me all your secrets?”
“Well, sort of.” Zee admitted. “You’re an aspiring reporter, right? Your job is to ask questions. We’ll give you the address. It is up to you to be creative in how you want to make your move. You’ll become our inside man if you’re successful. What we need is detailed information on who is present and what they’re working on.”
“Why can’t you just use your surveillance gear on them? Don’t you have stuff that can see through walls and shit?”
“A lot of our equipment got upgraded to 5G.” Zee grumbled. “You know that 5G can’t go through leaves or sheets of paper? Much less go through regular building walls. Look, we are not the US Army here with advanced technology. We’re... It’s better if you don’t know everything, Nathan Cobbler. The less you know, the less the enemy will be able to torture out of you...”
“Wait, did you just say torture? What the hell is that about?”
“It’s a figure of speech, from my old asymmetrical warfare days. Forget I said it. What I meant to say is that we are a few good men loyal to our President, we are in isolation and secretive, and we don’t use a lot of high-tech gadgets that the enemy can hack into.”
“You mean like you hacked into my computer?” Nathan asked.
“Precisely.” Zee confirmed. “The enemy cannot know what we are doing, and we need civilian boots on the ground to infiltrate areas that we ourselves cannot get into. If you really want your phone back, we’ll tell you exactly where it is. But first you must agree to do the recon work for us.”
“Are you sure my phone is there?”
“Yes.” Zee replied. “They’ve used it a couple of times already; same location, same female voice on the line.”
“A girl has my phone? Is she hot?”
“Listen to me, Nathan Cobbler. This isn’t just any girl. This is an operative. Her code name is Trigglypuff. This woman is known for having uncontrollable tantrums and emotional breakdowns. Nathan Cobbler, this could be dangerous.”
“I don’t want to do anything dangerous!” Nathan refused. “I already got my ass handed to me yesterday!”
Undeterred, Zee went on. “The men that snatched your phone passed it on to a technician that knows how to extract the data out of it. We believe they erased everything pertaining to the chaos at the protest. However, they left the rest of the phone data alone, as far as we can tell. The phone was passed on to a couple of other ‘persons of interest,’ before it ended up in the possession of Trigglypuff. This woman’s address could be a key part of their socialist network. We need to know what the operations are like at that address. That’s why we need you as our front-man to gain access. Are you willing to serve your country, young man?”
“I’m not a soldier! Stop talking like I’m being recruited by the army!”
“Well, are you willing to take a chance that might get your phone back?”
“Yes, I want my phone.” Nathan relented. “All right, just give me the address. I’ll go over there and snoop around. If I see my phone, I’m going to grab it and zoom my ass out of there! If I feel like I’m getting into any danger, I’m zooming out! That’s the deal!”
“In times of war, sacrifices must be made.” Zee replied. “This is war, soldier!”
“What’s the address already? Oh, tell me more about this Trigglypuff, too. I want to know what I’m up against.”
“Look her up on the Encyclopedia Dramatica. She has an extensive entry there.”
“All right. Hey, Zee, when you hack into my computer, do you hack into all of my files? You didn’t by chance go into my Fappening folder, did you?”
“No comment. Your personal business is your personal business.”
“Yeah, like personal privacy ever stopped our government from spying on us!”
“Let me get you that address, Nathan Cobbler. This country’s security might depend on your success!”

“Nathan,” His grandmother poked her head into the room. “The parcel truck just delivered a box with your name on it. What did you order this time?”
“Some stuff for my reporting job.” Nathan lied. “Where is the box?”
“Sitting outside on the porch steps.”
Nathan didn’t want to stop playing video games, because they were the closest things he had to a life. On the other hand, he wanted his phone back just a little bit more. For that reason, he relented and went to grab the box. His grandmother followed him back to his room, curious about what Nathan had gotten, but he simply shut the door on her. He opened the box and took one glimpse inside.
A moment later, he was putting his shoes on and grabbing his wallet. Two moments later and he was on his way out.

“I hate this secret agent bullshit.” Nathan murmured.
He’d taken the city bus across town, stopping a few blocks before the University of California San Diego campus. Ducking into the bathroom of the nearest fast food place, he took the items from the mail parcel and put them on. People who’d observed him going in had seen a young man in a tee shirt and jeans. When Nathan exited, he wore a platinum blonde wig and a tight blue dress with padded chest and buttocks. Everybody was staring at him.
To encourage himself, he kept repeating the same thing. “I’m doing this to get my phone back.”
Nathan walked the last couple of blocks to UCSD. In his hand, he held directions to the Gender Studies Building. Zee had warned him there might be guards, and he saw two of them standing before the building’s primary doors. They were big, muscular ma’ams, one Negrodite and one Latinodite, both wearing tight black clothing.
“Halt, who goes there?” The Negro growled.
“What’s the password?” The Latino demanded.
Zee had warned Nathan about that too. “Orange Man bad! Wahmen never lie!”
“Hold on.” The Negro moved to stand before Nathan. “You just gave us two passwords.”
“Huh?” Nathan asked. “Oh, that’s because there are two of you.”
The ma’ams conferred with one another, before they stepped aside to let him pass. They were watching Nathan closely as he trotted up the steps. It took him a second to realize they were staring at his padded butt. In normal clothing, nobody ever stared at him at any time for any reason, except maybe for an occasional cop low on his ticket quota.
Nathan walked through a wide hallway with doors to classrooms spread out on either side. He saw a lot of rainbow flags hung out all over the place, and also a flyer on a bulletin board with a ‘Biden and Booker 2020’ slogan on it. He saw another sign that said ‘AOC is AOK!’ Since he didn’t care to follow politics all that much, Nathan had no idea who those people even were.
“There is a secret basement in here somewhere.” Nathan glanced around. “Unless Zee was lying about that. He’d better not be lying!”
“Who are you speaking to?” An outstandingly ugly college professor asked him. The bitter-looking woman had just stepped out of a room stenciled with the words ‘African-American Studies’ on the door, and below that a petition to have Black History Semester on campus.
“Immigrant children shouldn’t be kept locked up in cages!” Nathan snapped. Luckily, he’d seen that on the ‘AOC is AOK’ flyer a few seconds earlier.
The professor instantly started frothing at the mouth. “Orange Man bad!”
“Orange Man bad!” Nathan repeated. “I think I saw a white supremacist wearing in MAGA cap right outside!”
That was enough to get the hateful liberal educator running down the hall. Nathan knew he might be running out of time. He kept walking, looking for anything that might be a way down to the basement. He had a flashback of what Zee had told him before.
“Liberals always think backwards!” Zee said. “You have to learn to think backwards the way they do!”
“Hey, that flashback sounded eerily realistic.” Nathan commented. “Zee, did you just say something to me?”
“Yes, I’m hacking into the P.A. system right now. The game plan has not changed. You have to go through with your mission. Find you way into the basement and get us the info we’re looking for! It is crucial that we have it!”
“All right!” Nathan snapped.
Liberals claimed they were tolerant, but their actions proved to be the opposite, Nathan knew. They claimed they were against bullies, but they bullied everybody that didn’t agree with them. They claimed they hated fascists, but they did fascist things such as hating democracy and wanting a tyrannical leader put in charge.
When Nathan saw a set of stairs heading up to the second floor, he took a chance and ascended them. In keeping to this unusual concept of regressivism disguised as progressive movement, when Nathan came to the next landing he discovered he wasn’t on the next floor up, but on the next floor down: the basement he was looking for!
The hallway was dark and full of cobwebs and dust. As Nathan walked through it, he saw a lot of empty food wrappers and water bottles, trash and even the smell of human waste. Sitting on the floor were a good twenty hairy and unkempt young people. Many of them turned to look at Nathan and his bright blonde wig and fake boobs.
“Who are you guys?” Nathan asked.
“We’re with the Occupy Movement.” One young man revealed. “We got co-opted by the socialists, and now we can’t get out of here.”
Nathan pointed at the stairs. “Go that way! That’s the way out!”
“No it isn’t.” The man shook his head. “That’s the last place we want to go!”
When several other young people seconded the man, Nathan strode back to the stairs. To one side was a sign that said ‘corporate entry-level positions, right this way.’
Nathan pulled the sign off the wall and threw it as far as he could. “There! You’re free now! You’re all free!”
The Occupiers stood up and looked to the stairwell. When they grasped that the offending sign was gone, they all began milling over.
Nathan stopped one at random. “Can you tell me where Trigglypuff is?”
“You don’t want to go there.” The man warned. “That woman is scary!”
“And loud!” The woman next to him added.
“She took something very important to me! Tell me where she is!”
“What did she take?” The man asked. “You pride? Your dignity? Your freedom?”
“She has my smart phone!”
The man shook his head. “You’re not one of us! Let’s get out of here, guys!”
“Tell me where she is!” Nathan insisted. “Please!”
The dirty man pulled the dirty woman away, catching up with the last of the Occupiers. This left Nathan alone in the dank hallway.
“Zee, can you hear me?” He asked out loud.
“We can’t because there is too much interference.” Zee replied.
“What? That’s a lie! You just answered me! How can there be too much interference if you just answered me?”
“I thought you asked where Trigglypuff was.” Zee changed the subject. “We don’t know because our instruments aren’t strong enough to peer into the entire basement. You’ll have to find the operative yourself, Nathan Cobbler.”
“Fine.” Nathan grumbled, starting forward again. “And stop calling me by my full name. That’s just weird!”
“Be careful, Nathan Cobbler.”
“Stop calling me that!”
Nathan reached the farthest end of the dark hallway. There, at the very end, stood a solitary door with several chains stretched across it. When he neared that door, he heard what was possibly the worst sound to ever grate his ears.
“Wah! Wah! Wah!”
The harsh noise caused him to tremble.
“She’s here, isn’t she?” Nathan asked. “The Trigglypuff! Are you listening, Zee? You’d better be damned sure my stupid smart phone is in here with her!”
When he heard no answer, Nathan began scrutinizing the chains and door. The chains were looped around the doorknob, preventing the door from opening in. Nathan followed the loops, seeing how they could be pulled apart to give him access. He began yanking at the chains.
“Wah! Wah! Wah!” The banshee wailing was heard again.
“Zee, I don’t know if I can go through with this.” Nathan grumbled. “Whatever is behind this door doesn’t even sound human!”
The chains were hanging on iron hooks screwed into the doorframe. He removed the chains from a couple of spots, loosening it. Next, he twisted at a couple of hooks. The chains fell off, now slack enough that he could pull them away and let them drop on the floor. When enough of them were gone, he reached out for the doorknob.
“Wah! Wah! Wah!” The terrific voice was heard inside.
Nathan steeled himself for what was to come next. “I want my phone back!”
He shoved the door open and burst into the room.
There she was; the Trigglypuff. She was short with a round head, thick bottle-cap glasses, fat cheeks and a big hair-bun on top of her head. Her body was symmetrically, or perhaps exponentially, round like her head. Her arms and legs were thick and pudgy. She wore a light brown and black sundress cut as generously as a shower curtain to contain her obvious obesity.
“Where’s my food?” Trigglypuff demanded. “I haven’t eaten in at least two hours! Wah! Wah! Wah!”
“Stop making that awful noise!” Nathan returned.
She’d been imprisoned in an old classroom, he noticed. Since the Trigglypuff was too fat to come after him, he started looking around for whatever secret information Zee was hoping he’d find. Nathan went to the professor’s desk, rifling through its drawers and paperwork. As far as he could tell, it was all regular curriculum stuff from the college.
Nathan jumped when he turned around. The Trigglypuff had come up behind him without him knowing it. “Holy cow! How’d you do that? You were all the way across the room just a minute ago!”
“I can move really fast when I’m hungry.” Trigglypuff said. “Do you have food for me or not?”
“No, I don’t have food for you!” Nathan snapped. “I just came in here to find some important paperwork for... for a future demonstration we’re having. Do you know where any top secret stuff is? Hey, how come you’re locked in here, anyway?”
“They keep me here when they don’t need me.” Trigglypuff admitted. “They only need me when they want a famous spokeswoman against white male hierarchy.”
“You’re famous?”
“I am very famous!”
“Okay, I believe you.” Nathan told her. “Let me just find this paperwork I’m looking for. Hey, stop looking at me like I’m food!”
“I don’t get out much.” Trigglypuff started gravitating toward Nathan. “You’re not scared of me. Most white male patriarchs are scared of me when they first lay eyes on me.”
“You’re not scary. You’re just annoying. Don’t stand so close to me. I have to find those secret papers.”
Finding nothing worthy, Nathan walked to the side of classroom where a couple of old filing cabinets sat. Trigglypuff closely followed, watching him go through it.
“Do you want to hear the lines that made me famous?” She asked.
Nathan turned to look at her. She had a strange look at her face, like she was hungry, but not hungry for food. If he could get along with her, maybe she might willingly return his phone. “Okay.”
“It’s not my fault that I lack the willpower to stop filling my mouth with food!” Trigglypuff screeched. “I’m a victim of a system of oppression against alternative canons of beauty! Wah! Wah! Wah!” She paused to gauge the young man’s reaction. “I can throw a tantrum and keep screaming those same lines for half an hour, non-stop!”
“That’s... that’s pretty impressive. I don’t think I can scream anything for half an hour. Why are you looking at me that way? I’m not food!”
“When I scream, I don’t stop until I get what I want.” She fixed her gaze on him.
“Well, I don’t have any food.” Nathan went back to the filing cabinets. All he found inside of them was old, graded tests.
“Wah! Wah! Wah!” Trigglypuff howled behind him.
“All right, shit!” Nathan huffed. “What do you want from me?”
“Do you really want to know?” Trigglypuff asked.
“If it will get you to keep quiet, yes.” Nathan replied, hoping nobody would poke their head through the open door and discover him.
Trigglypuff looked into his eyes. “I need to procreate. I need to make half a dozen little ones just like me.”
“Huh? No, you’ve got it all wrong!” Nathan pulled his dress straps off his arms, showing the padded bust. “Look, I’m not even a ma’am!”
The tactic backfired on him, as Trigglypuff wasn’t looking at the padded dress, but at his bared chest. Her mouth was starting to water.
“I know you’re not a ma’am.” Trigglypuff revealed. “You don’t act like them. You don’t talk or walk like they do. You’re a white male patriarch.”
She started crowding up on Nathan, forcing him against the filing cabinets.
“Hey, I thought I was your enemy?” Nathan balked.
“Don’t you get it?” Trigglypuff explained. “Everything we do is geared towards getting a reaction from people like you! We want what you have, but we’re too useless to get it ourselves, so we have to take it away by force! That’s what liberalism is; to liberate what others have and keep it for ourselves!”
“Okay, so what do you want from me?”
In response, Trigglypuff began rubbing her fat stomach on Nathan’s blue dress. “I look really good in a bikini, especially my breasts.”
“Your breasts?” Nathan subconsciously focused on the front of her dress. “I guess they are, uh, noticeable, aren’t they?”
“I’m just being honest, but I can’t do without sex.”
“Sex?” Nathan shied away. “I don’t know about that! I mean... Okay, the truth is that I’ve never kissed a girl! There, I said it!”
“If I were an animal, I’d be a manatee, because they’re basically giant sea teddy bears!”
“Okay...” Nathan started.
“The first thing people notice about me is my breasts. Do you want to see them?”
“Uh...” Nathan started. “Uh...”
“Wah! Wah! Wah!”
“All right, I’ll have a look! Just stop making that hideous noise at me!”
Trigglypuff pulled her dress aside, in the same way Nathan had done only moments before. Through her bottle-cap glasses, she was making eyes at him.
“I guess they are kind of nice.” Nathan commented.
“You can touch them if I can touch yours.”
“Okay, but I’m not going as far as procreation, you understand? And I’m only doing this because I’ve never kissed a girl!”
“Wah! Wah! Wah!”
“What does that mean?” Nathan asked.
“It means you should finish taking off the rest of that dress.”
“Fine! Just let me go shut that door first!”

Nathan learned many, many things over the course of the next couple of hours. The foremost of these, in his mind anyway, was that he’d finally kissed a girl, and done quite a few other things with a girl on top of that. There could never be anything more between them, however. They both realized this; they were from opposite sides of the universe, brought together for a brief moment of tender bliss in an uncaring, selfish world.
On the bus ride home, Nathan, wearing his usual street clothes once again, figured out a couple more things. Zee had lied to him. Trigglypuff never had his smart phone. That meant Zee had sent him on a mission based on deception. This time, and only this time, Nathan was willing to forgive the ‘government agent,’ because after all, it was through Zee’s manipulation that Nathan had finally gotten laid.
“This secret agent stuff, it’s not so bad.” Nathan reasoned. “As soon as I get my phone back, I can go back to being a reporter again. As a reporter, I can get into a whole bunch of places that regular people can’t. As a reporter, I can ask the right questions and dig into private files, just like a secret agent would. In fact, you could almost say that my work as a reporter prepared me for the challenge of being a secret agent. Yeah, I think I like that idea. When I get home, I’m calling Zee and asking him for more missions I can go on. But first... First I have to get my stinking phone back!”
Trigglypuff had promised to send him a picture of herself in a black bikini. Nathan had that to look forward to, on top of everything else. Nathan stopped talking out loud when he noticed that a lot of people were listening to him, but yeah, it sure seemed that a lot of things were suddenly on the up-side in his life.
He wondered what his next mission would be like...

#####



More on Trigglypuff, because I know you just can’t get enough of her:

https://encyclopediadramatica.rs/Triggly_puff
http://web.archive.org/web/20150722072121/http://www.okcupid.com/profile/Hips_stir
(Alternate to above link, in case it gets scrapped!) https://archive.is/aB8u0

#####

Thorns V - The Narrow Road



Series info: My experiences in the supernatural have ranged far and wide. I have seen the dark side, including many haunts, deaths or instances of impossible survivals, and after having dealt with ghosts and demons both in the physical world and in the world of dreams. Somehow, I have survived all that. But it doesn’t stop there.
My encounters with real evil have propelled me in the opposite direction. If such dark energies and beings exist, then where, I wonder, are their positive equivalents? It is a very strange path I have taken, and it has led me to many unexpected doorways. Have a look, will you, and see what I have seen, hear what I have heard, witness what I have witnessed. There are many Roses in this garden of the supernatural and spiritual search for God, but there are also many Thorns. My world is nothing like yours. Are you prepared to enter it?

Title info: My personal, spiritual journey continues. I tread upon the Narrow Road searching for Truth. My steps have taken me far away from normality. At times, the end of my journey seems close, but always it stretches out before me in new and different ways, always it eludes my finite grasp. I cannot falter now, not after coming so far. Walk with me, traveler, and see where the Narrow Road has taken me.

Thorns V was released on July 20, 2019. Read the first 20% or purchase this novel of true paranormal occurrences at Smashwords, or find out more about the series on Raymond Towers Dot Com.


#####

2016, July 19
Automatic Writing, It’s My Fault!

8:10 am. Playing in the background is a one-hour music program focusing on binaural beats, with an emphasis on opening the Third Eye. The day is already starting off warm.

Me: Over the last few days, and through my coins, you’ve been telling me that certain things were going to manifest. So far they have not.  The best thing you can do is to say I am at fault. You know my physical parameters and you know what you are capable of, yet I have seen nothing to prove out your statements. Let’s be clear that I do not like being misled. What do you have to say?
Reply: There cannot be change in the way you would like it. You must go to your inner self to draw out that which will bear success in your everyday toil. Nothing is given. You are too impulsive to work with sometimes, and yet here we are waiting for you to pace yourself better so that we can come through in a more satisfying way. You have not begun to master the skills that are needed to proceed. You are only a fledgling in your mental exercises. You may see us or you may not, but that is not as important as it is that you follow the instructions you will be given. There are too many factors at play here, so that one or many might falter while the others are still in play. Don’t think that we have abandoned you. We are only considering and calculating what venue will work better between us.

Me: You’ve been calling me a Giant through the coins, but you still haven’t explained what that means. What does it mean to be a Giant?
Reply: You are now able to give a better understanding of what you have learned to others. You will be a great leader of men, as long as you don’t allow yourself to become saturated by negative energy. You will see this more and more as the days go by. There is no set mold for what this Giant word means. It is generally an idea that you will be seen as a greater authority to some and as a threat to others. We will stand by you and give you the proper information at the proper time. You needn’t worry about this facet of your being so much (?) It will come when it will come.

Me: In the meantime, life goes on. Why is my life dragging as it has been?
Reply: You must allow some time before things really begin to move. This is a necessary duration. It will become clear once you have seen how things (in the world) will progress. You cannot expect things to be given to you on a silver platter. You must move to catch and see what there is to be caught and seen. You do this well already, but you are an impatient person at times and you refuse to give us the time to put variables into motion. This has become your greatest (problem?)

Me: Okay, so you’re here now. Tell me what you will.
Reply: You have done a few things well in that you are trying to use your pineal gland to reach out to us and to communicate with us. This is what you should keep doing. See into yourself and bring out that which you were meant to bring out. This is what we mean by this. You must seek out the things that you carried with you into this world and find them and exploit them. You have these things within reach now. All you have to do now is to concentrate enough to make them visible to your conscious mind. You must dwell on your inner self more than you are now. This will open up a channel that will lead you to (?) what you came here with. You have many facets of your being that you have not even seen yet, and many others do as well. The difference is that you are in a good place to bring these facets out to the surface, where so many others are not aware of the things (as) you are. Keep striving to find your gifts and they will surface.

Me: Are you able to tell me what these gifts are, or how I am to use them?
Reply: They are (?) They will manifest in the course of time. You will know them because they will (?) shine greatly. You will sense / sensation that they are coming from within you and not from your physical being.

Me: Thanks for keeping them vague. What else do you have to say?
Reply: We will give you the physical means to progress. You will see this enter in your life shortly. Do not squander your opportunities, as there will be only a few of them. We are working under tight restrictions at this time, because of the many negative variables that are present in the world today. Do not give up heart. We have plans, and we are causing these plans to move forward at their own paces.

Me: You said all these people would be coming into my path. Are these people still coming?
(No reply.)

Me: Is there a spirit who wants to tell me their story?
Reply: I am Peter the (?) I have come into your world to bring a level of safety to those who will listen and do according to the wishes of their angels. I am the one who is sent out ahead of time to lay down a foundation to facilitate the actions that are put into place later. I have many tasks, but they are mundane and dull. I don’t do anything exciting, but I do allow for things to go down easier paths and roads. I am what you would see as an angel, but that is because I am not (?) I have come to smooth your path and the path of a few others as well. You will see me / not see me at times. This is because I am a (side character, supporting role) and not a mover and shaker of things. I only do simple tasks like setting a person up to look in a certain way, when there are many ways open / available to them.

Me: Is there another spirit who wants to tell me their story?
(No reply.)

Me: Is there a spirit who was once alive who has a story to tell?
(No reply.)

Me: Okay, to my spirit guide then. Is there anything else you’d like to say?
Reply: We are gathering our (?) Soon, we will begin to make our moves and influence those that are willing to listen. There lie great challenges ahead of you and others, but we will stand by you through the worst of it and we will try to bring you all out of the fire with minimal damage. There will be many who must suffer, because of their own inefficiencies / stubbornness, as they refuse to let the old ways go and move forward to the new paths that are becoming available to them. This is what you must say to your readers. Give us a short time and the world changes will become apparent to all who wish to see them. Those with blinders will have their blinders removed.

Me: Anything else?
Reply: There are those who will bring a great calamity upon your world. We are working to stop them, but because of the stubbornness of your people, they cannot be stopped. The black wave must run its course, or else your people will not mend their stubborn ways at all. This is not a good thing, but it is necessary for the world that is to come. Guard your mind and guard your heart. Do not let the fear of others infect you. This is what you must pass on to others. Be strong, have faith. We will come to show you the truth of your existence so that it will be impossible to deny to even those who bury their heads into the sand. It will be a great shake-up, but it is what must happen so that a true and long-lasting change can begin.

Session over at 8:45 am.

#####

2017, January 17
Lucid Dream, Manifesting From The Sky

3:15 am - I don’t know why I woke up this early. I was drinking last night, not too long before I went to bed. I think I lay down between 9 and 10 last night, so I haven’t gotten my full rest at all. Let me stress that I woke up at 3:05. There have been several occasions over the last few months when I’ve reported waking up at this unusual time. I fully expected to wake up at 7 or 8, but not 3.
Anyway, let’s get on with it. This was a very long dream, almost like a movie, but I only remember perhaps the last third right now. I was off doing something, somewhere, for a long time. I apologize for this scarcity of detail, but I can’t grasp any of it at the moment. So, this dream went on for an entire dream day, I believe. Instead of resting like my physical body should have done, apparently I had mental things to do at night as well.
My guess is that it was 8 or 9 pm. I do not remember a moon, so apparently the dream gave me enough lighting so that I could walk about and see where I was going in the dark. In the scene I was halfway up a small hill, with a valley and a much larger hill in the short distance. It looked as if I were standing in a third world country, such as Mexico or India. The houses were all small and boxy, and they were crowded together. I ended up in a dirt alley with a pale blue wall behind me. I believe the blue wall was part of a business and not a house, but I can’t say that for certain.
I found a strange canopy or patio cover there in the alley. This is hard to describe now that I’m awake. It was open on all sides, held up by poles and covered in a dark blue fabric on top. There looked to be couches or beds or tables underneath this cover. For some reason, it reminded me of a sheik’s harem, as if people were expected to go under this canopy to congregate or socialize. It was big enough for, I don’t recall exactly, maybe it could cover a small crowd of five to fifteen people.
Under this canopy was an Anglo man in his mid-forties, roughly a year or two older than I am now. In this dream, I was somewhere in my thirties. I felt younger and more vibrant than I do today, and I believe I was joking and moving around a lot. This is very different than my present attitude of simply sitting and observing. I wasn’t in my twenties or younger like I usually am in my dreams. That was fairly clear.
I went under the canopy to speak with this Anglo man. He seemed to be expecting me and so we talked. As we talked, he told me his worries. I recognized him from some previous lucid dream where we had also talked about our lives and personal things. This man seemed to be on the verge of making an important decision, and I was there to help him sort through the pros and the cons of it.
While we spoke, I noticed a woman approaching the canopy from the same end of the alley I had. In the dream, I saw her and her clothing clearly, but now my mind has clouded that over. My mind concealed her identity so that now she looks like a harem girl, with a blue and purple dress, a veil in blue and eye make-up of blue. I have a picture of such a woman on one of my erotic novellas, so I know exactly where this image came from. That is not what the woman looked like while I was dreaming, but what she looks like now that I am awake. From the moment I lay eyes on her, I recognized this woman. I saw her lying down on a couch or bed and went to her. I was in a sitting position and pressing my upper body against hers. We talked coyly for a time. This woman was either in her thirties as I was, or in her early forties. She was Anglo as well, or at least very fair skinned. I remember having my face close to hers, but I was hesitant to kiss her as if I might have bad breath. She didn’t seem to mind our proximity and was very warm to me.
After a time, the woman left and I went back to speak with the Anglo man. He was still brooding and looked to me for advice. I told him he was making things out to be more difficult than they really were. He asked me what he should do next. I replied that he should look to the sky for an answer. At that point, we both looked up at the dark and cloudy heavens.
Up in the sky, I saw a shape that looks like the copyright symbol. That is, it was the letter C inside of a circle. It was colored in dark neon green, with the C spinning inside the circle, and perhaps the circle was spinning as well but that was hard to tell. The symbol stayed in the same corner of the sky, but it floated or hovered slightly to either side as we watched.
I got the sense that something was going to come out of the symbol. After mentioning this to the Anglo man, I also sensed that the symbol had appeared for me specifically. I believe the Anglo man was able to see the circle the same way I did. However, when things started coming out of it, the man couldn’t see them until they were very close to the ground. At the rate of one item every four or five minutes, objects started coming out of the circle. These items floated down a hundred feet, giving me the time to position myself under them so I could catch them. I caught several items and handed them to the Anglo man. Although I was the person catching them, the items all seemed to be meant for him. I can’t remember any of these early items, but I think I caught perhaps a dozen of them.
There were other things visible in the sky. These were clusters of UFOs that appeared all at once. At first, only clouds were visible, and then in front of those clouds I saw a tight cluster of objects, as if they all appeared together. Once they materialized, they started separating from one another and moving off in a single motion like a school of fish. Not only did spaceship UFOs show up this way, but also groups of stars and other strange things I can no longer remember. Both the Anglo man and I marveled at these sights, but I couldn’t tell if this man was seeing everything that I was.
At one point, a woman walked over from the far side of the dirt alley, the side I hadn’t gone through earlier. She was the mate of the Anglo man. I can’t recall what she wore, but she had auburn hair and was very beautiful. She went to talk to the Anglo man as if they were married, before she came to talk to me. While I am certain I have dreamed of the Anglo man before, I am not so sure about this woman. She seemed familiar, but only slightly. There were three of us in the alley now, and all of us started looking up at the sky again.
Oh, I just remembered this part. When the woman first approached her husband, she said something like ‘not him,’ in reference to me. She said it in a way as if she didn’t want her husband to associate with me. I think she didn’t want me around at first, but after I started catching things from the sky again, her skeptical attitude loosened up as if I was more acceptable than before. Toward the end of the dream she was speaking to me in a friendly voice.
I caught a small, beige box. I opened the box to see what was in it, but I can’t remember any more. After that I gave the box to the Anglo man. He showed it to his wife. I caught a shirt, which I also gave to the man. I caught a second shirt and gave it to the woman. There were only two items I gave to this woman; all the rest went to the man.
Right after the woman’s shirt, I caught a small green envelope. This envelope was smaller than a postcard, maybe the size of a 3 x 5 index card, and colored in a dark, felt green. The to and from addresses covered its entire front. I turned the envelop around and saw that its flap was open. There was something like a greeting card inside. I saw its edge and wondered if I should pull it out to read it. I set my fingers on this card, but I felt this was a personal note so I did not take it out. Instead, I showed it to the woman. She said the envelope was hers. I asked her how she knew, and she pointed at the From address. That was her name, she said. I tried to memorize the entire address, but I only got her name. It was Elizabeth Vaughan. (I’ll look the name up later when I’m fully awake.) She didn’t read the card; she only held the envelope close to her as if she didn’t want either her husband or me to see the note that was in it. Those were the two items I gave to the woman: one shirt or blouse, and the green envelope.
More things were appearing from the neon green symbol in the sky, and also more clusters of strange objects. At one point, the man asked me what he should do next. Right after this, an item fell from the sky. I caught it and handed it to him. Whatever this object was, we both got the impression that it meant the man should go to Idaho. Maybe Idaho was written right on it. That seemed to be the last thing the man was worried about.
He said, why don’t you ask for something for yourself? I replied, okay, I want a new polo shirt. I tried to visualize a gray polo shirt coming out of the copyright symbol. A shirt did come out and I waited for it to float down. When I caught it, I saw that it wasn’t a shirt but a sweater. The upper part was colored in beige, while the bottom was in dark green, similar to Vaughan’s envelope. Written across the chest was Boston in the same red lettering as the baseball team letters for the Boston Red Sox. The sweater was heavy. I gave it to the man, saying that I didn’t like the colors, which were unusual to me. I told the man the sweater would be warm, and that he would need it where he was going. By this, I meant he was going to Idaho soon, which, not coincidentally, is where four of my five children live.
The end of the dream took an odd turn. An old man walked over from the end of the alley I had come in from. He was walking an animal that looked a cross between a dog and a pig. It had long, ugly ears, a pig snout and was furry. The man was in his mid to late fifties and was hard to see in the dark. He wore a blue and white button shirt, striped, and he had his animal on a leash. I didn’t like the look of the animal and shied away from it. The Vaughan woman went to pet it and talked to it as if it were a cute animal.
The sky was starting to brighten up into morning. I saw a cluster of helicopters appear out of nowhere. They started spreading apart and heading off into all directions a moment later, as if they had specific designations to go to. I also saw huge girders or metal towers or cranes, or possibly even tall, vertical spaceships. Like everything else we’d seen in the sky, these appeared to be created on the spot, and then they started going somewhere else once they were made real. I was still marveling at the helicopters and the tall metal structures when I woke up.

8:30 am - The action didn’t end with just this one lucid dream. I stopped writing the account at 4:50 am. Because it was so dark and I wasn’t tired enough to go to sleep, I took a seat on my meditation chair. Within only a few seconds, I saw White Dot. This is the dot the size of a golf ball that I’ve seen some four times now, the first time when I asked for guidance, and after that, White Dot has been the first light anomaly I see while meditating. Right after that sighting, I saw a large number of dots all around my room. They were on both sides and in front of me, and in all corners, high and low. My room was twinkling with them in a minor way. That is, I would see multiple dots in blue, red, purple and white, in number between two and five, one after the other or all at once. I saw dozens of them. I saw black shadows the size of adult human arms or the size of hats. I saw what I’m calling fireflies at least six times. These fireflies are bright white to me, the ones that I’ve reported as being very close to my face or even inside the corners of my eyes. I’ve caught the fireflies on video, and in the recordings they show up in very faded neon blue color. At one point I saw a black shadow that took up the upper fourth of my window, so it must have been at least a couple of feet wide. I also felt at the minimum two presences that were the size of adult people.
In the past, I’ve mentioned that I have seen so many anomalies that they don’t scare me or affect me really. However, this was one of those super intense periods where I was becoming overwhelmed. Those two human-sized presences were palpable enough to unnerve me. They felt like real people. I thought, who are they and what do they want from me? Despite everything I have gone through, I felt an apprehension forming through my body. I wasn’t afraid yet, but I was getting there.
I’ve said this before, but I believe it is worth repeating. Evil spirits will grasp a person with fear and cause the hairs on the back of their neck to stand up. They are like a jolt of electricity that stirs up the fight or flight instinct. Spirits in general, that is neutrals, give off a different sort of energy. I know when they are present, and I can pinpoint where in the room they are standing or hovering. In this case, both spirits were on my right side, close to the door of my room. I could distinguish where the one was, when it faded away, and when the second one appeared. I don’t think it was only one spirit ebbing two different energies. I believe it was two spirits that came in together, where one would augment its aura first and then the next.
When nights become this intense, I reassure myself by telling myself that the light switch is just past my right shoulder. All I have to do is reach over and click it on. That bright light will dispel the energies in a flash and relieve me of my tension. On several occasions, just knowing that a bright light is so close has allowed me to maintain my composure as the activity in my room starts going into wild party mode. When I had the dots, the shadows, the presences and a few white streaks going off in quick succession, I had enough of it and finally turned my light on. Bear in mind also that I was frequently invoking the power of Source to increase its strength and to dispel negative spirits. At no point did the strength of the spirits in my room waver. They weren’t chased away as I’ve chased off evil demons and ghosts in the past. I can only speculate that if they are evil, they are strong enough to withstand my will, or else they were neutral or positive entities. If it was these last two types, I can guess that their natural electrical or electromagnetic energy is what caused me to feel uneasy. Regardless, it was enough that I slept with a nightlight on for the first time since a demon tried to come out of my closet some time ago. (June 5, 2016, Thorns IV)
And... I had another lucid dream.

This time, I was driving a dingy blue mini-van. I can’t remember the precise location, but I think it was on familiar streets here in San Diego. It might have been in the section of town around El Cajon Boulevard and University Avenue. I don’t remember exactly where I was going, but I seemed to be looking around for an address or a business. At one point, I slowed down and put my foot on the brake.
Unexpectedly, a woman opened my door and got into my front passenger seat. I glanced over and got a very good look at her. She looked to be in her early twenties. She wasn’t beautiful in a traditional sense, but she was pretty. Her eyes were large and slightly bulging. Her nose was larger than normal, but not unattractive. The woman’s skin was nearly as white as milk but very supple. She seemed to be beaming, actually. She wore a close-fitting white and lacy dress that looked like something a bridesmaid or even a bride might wear, without the veils. I could see this woman’s face, neck and shoulders, as the dress started up just past the shoulders and went across the chest at that same level.
I was very embarrassed that this woman got into my van, because my van was full of junk. I had old clothes and clutter all over. Because I am normally a tidy person, I assume this clutter is the baggage my soul carries around. At one point, the woman had to move stuff from my center console so she could rest her arm there. She moved an old crumpled up shirt, I believe, and under that was my worn copy of the King James Bible. She looked at the cover, before gently setting the Bible out of the way. Apparently, this person was not bothered by any of my junk, although I was bothered that she could see it.
The feeling that I sensed from her is that she wanted to be intimate with me. I started driving again, glancing at her every so often and feeling that pending intimacy each time. That’s when I woke up at 8:30 am.

Analysis: I could pass the first dream off entirely as anxiety, except the addition of a second dream has caused me to reconsider. Why anxiety? All the signs are there: the feeling that I had a lot of work to do, the idea that I was doing it alone, going into an alley for a break it seems, and meeting this woman I was comfortable with but whose identity I cannot decipher. After that, I met this Anglo man who was confused and didn’t know what to do next. This was also me, because this feeling of no progress was one of the big reasons I started drinking last night. When one part of me began catching items from the sky, it was presenting solutions to the part of me that was standing there confused. I wonder if this idea of going to Idaho is wishful thinking or prophecy. At any rate, so far this dream is nice and explainable, up until a second woman shows up.
Who is Elizabeth Vaughan, and why is she so important? In retrospect, the image my mind created for her is the classic Lilith archetype that often appears in my dreams. She had auburn hair, bordering on reddish, was tall, confident and beautiful. This woman was not afraid of me, but at first she was hesitant to approach me. Also, she was married to the Anglo man, who was a reflection of me. In my analysis of other dreams, I have conjectured that a character who acts contrary to the flow of a dream might be an outside entity. I wonder what was in that envelope, written on that greeting card that I was about to pull out and open up. I wonder also if Elizabeth Vaughan is a real person who has chosen to come into my dream.
The woman with the appearance of a harem girl could be categorized as my personal wish of having a compatible, warm and understanding woman around. By contrast, this Vaughan woman was more aloof and distant, even after we were speaking together and while I was manifesting things out of the sky for her. And then we have this bridesmaid in my second dream.
Look at the progression here. Vaughan stayed away from me when I had no direction and was confused. She approached me only after I started giving ideas to her husband about what he should do next. We were friendly, but not flirting or touching. Cut to dream two. In this dream, all of the introductions and formalities are out of the way. This pale woman wore the attire of a bridesmaid, which scares me because I don’t want to get married again. Maybe she is looking to get married? She saw my junky car and my junk inside the car, and apparently this passed her litmus test of social acceptance enough that she got in to ride with me. Elizabeth Vaughan and this bridesmaid did not look the same, but if this is a real woman, I doubt she looks anything like either of those two. At the same time, there is a fluid progression between both dreams. I needed a woman (the harem girl), I was confused, when I started sorting my head out a woman appeared (Vaughan), and finally, we got to a point of mutual acceptance (bridesmaid).
Several times in the past, I’ve suspected and even predicted that women would soon come into my life. It has happened, but more often than not these have been big misses. I suspect that it is my stubbornness and the constant wrestling with my spirit guides that is causing a lot of these astral dating possibilities to go awry. I can’t seem to go with the flow and calmly accept what the Universe puts out for me, or presents to me. I always have to butt my head against the wall when I figure out that I am being held back until I reach some new level of spirituality. Some would argue that the wall before me is a wall I have created for myself, but I have listened to many gurus speaking on how to recognize obstacles and how to get around or through them. I’ve followed their advice and still I have not advanced much. I’ve asked my spirit guides to show me where these obstacles lay, and I’ve asked them for help in pushing through, yet here I am in basically the same place I’ve been in for the past six years, and maybe as long as ten years in total since my life started taking its dramatic downward turn.
When I open myself up to the Universe, I get a room full of lights and shadows moving around, but other aspects of my life go nowhere. I am that confused Anglo man, standing there in the dark alley and waiting for a new light of hope and direction. I am also the person that has to go into that alley, and through magic I have to start pulling things from the sky in order to break myself out of this stagnation that has plagued me for so long now. Manifesting items from the sky has to be figurative, right? I couldn’t possibly think that in the future I might be pulling physical things out of the very air, could I? The name Elizabeth Vaughan was in cursive, by the way, on the front of that little green envelope, as well as her address and the address of whomever she sent it to. If she comes in real life, she comes. It seems I have to sort my head out first, as if perhaps she is even now waiting on the fringe of my reality for me to do so.

#####

2018, May 12
Automatic Writing, Portents Of Doom

Full Auto Writing session as follows:

In the beginning, man was created by a number of gods. Man was to be a shining example of the ingenuity of the gods. Alas, the experiment has largely been a failure. It is thought that by removing man from the Earth, a new experiment might begin. In this new version, man will become a grand vision, an exemplary figure, a trophy worth building.
What the gods hope to accomplish is nothing short of a miracle. In your terms, this miraculous event will take place when you least expect it. It will happen in a time of war and tribulation, when your world leaders are looking elsewhere, anywhere but in the correct direction where the true calamity will first emerge. It has been said that there are those among you who are worth saving. This is true. We have found a handful of you that are able and willing to make the transition to the coming world. We are in contact with a good number of you already, but there are more out there that will be reached in a few short months.
We have been waiting for certain signs to show in the sky, and for certain events to take place on your Earth realm, before we act. There must be certain prophecies that will be attained before our movement will commence. We have been waiting for these last few instances before we act.
Now is the time for your people to come together and unite. This will not be all people, of course, as many will prefer to perish in the flames other than to accept a reality they are unfamiliar with or unwilling to follow. There must be flames or there will be no advancement. Know this well. We are doing what we can to minimize the destruction and the damage, but there is no way possible that we can eliminate the worst of it. What will come will come.
You will give these words to those who will follow them. You will present your case where you will, as long as you adhere to our commands. We will not give you what you have been asking for, but we will allow you to come with us and see the upcoming changes with your own eyes. There are many others who will also come, but you are the one we have been singling out for some time now. This will cause you to be hated and ridiculed, but that is of little importance to us. We will deal with those who choose to become obstacles to our arrival. You will be held responsible for keeping our words accurate and for presenting them to those who will listen.
When you are ready, you will come to board one of our ships. These are not like the ships you might imagine, but they are something else that you cannot imagine. Our ships are like dirigibles made of cotton and air. They are lightweight and can travel vast distances in a matter of minutes. Do not think that we will give / share this technology to those of your realm. We will not. We have not come to share, but to destroy.
I have seen your face and your body, your will and your desires. You will be given things no other human has ever been given. It will not be to your liking, not at first, but you will come to understand why this was done in the time to follow. There will be many who see you as the enemy. Do not let them betray / corrupt you. You have been chosen by us and not them, and so it will be natural for enmity to occur among your corrupt leaders. They all believe they have the right to rule, but they do not. We have not given them that right. They have taken it upon themselves to rule in our absence. It will not matter what lore they have, or what mechanisms, as these are all toys to us. We will choose what we will, and not them.
In effect, we will become rulers of your world, to do as we please to it and to its inhabitants. You will not understand this either. Only know that we have the right and the means to establish your world as we see fit. You will be shown by what right we rule once we have contacted you personally. You will not like what you will see, but so be it. You are not the highest authority, nor are you qualified to judge our actions. You are only a small cog in a universe / multi-verse full of similar cogs. You will see that your place is only a very low place in the hierarchy of the cosmos. The same goes for those who think they have special authority or intelligence. They have nothing. It is we who hold the keys to all of life and death, and not them.
We will give those keys to you, to choose from among your number those whom you will exalt. We have grown to trust your judgment in these matters, as your reports have come to us very clearly and we understand the plight of man as it is today. We are not going to arrive for some time to come, so do not worry if you do not see us in your skies in a few short months. You will see our signs, and you will hear our calls. It is then, when the prophecies / signs have become irrefutable, that we will arrive in force.
There are those who will attempt to stop you. Don’t worry about them. We will give you enough benefits for you to continue your mission / purpose. You are one of us, but you are in one of their bodies. This is necessary for your plight to be personal, for otherwise you would not have the sympathy you have now. You will be rewarded for your endeavor / sacrifice, but that is not today or recently (soon?). It will come when it comes, and not a moment sooner.
There are those who will say or claim that we have given them special information. This is a lie. We choose to deal only with you and with a few others. You will know the others through us, and not through those who declare their selves publicly. You will know the others when it comes close to time for us to arrive. Until then, we will keep you in your needs and see to it that you are not bothered, by those that do not want their rule to become upset. Do not worry. You are with us / one of us. We have not forgotten you. You will be exalted when the time comes. Until then, do as you are told and keep your eyes / ears open to what goes on in the world.
We see everything. We hear everything. There is not a day that goes by that we do not experience feelings of guilt / despair over the state of the world that we see through your view and the view of others. We will fix what is wrong, but we cannot do it in one second as you might believe. This world needs time to heal. There is plenty of time for that, although you may not see it in such a way.
Watch your news and keep an eye toward the sky. The sky will darken into the color of blood. The seas will darken into purple. The land will darken into gray. You will see this with your own eyes in a short time. These are the signs that are yet to come, but you will not believe the rest even if we tell you now. Know that the changes you have been seeing so far are only the beginning. There is much more to come and much more to be witnessed, so that even the most hardened of you will realize you are not alone / the people you have been told you are.
You are nothing. We are nothing, but we understand the principles of the universe better than your kind ever will. You know nothing, yet your kind thinks to put their selves above those that created / nurtured them. They will all fall like your dominoes. They will all wail in the night and cry in the day. They will not know peace, but they will know war from the heavens.
Keep to your tidings and let us handle / worry about what comes next. Do what you have been doing. Keep to your health and welfare. We are not going to give you what you have been asking for, but we may allow for a few things to come along to improve your station / place. There is much more we would be willing to tell you, if only you were more ready to listen / hear it. There is much more we would be willing to show you, if only you were ready to see it. There is no more left in this world that has not come already in the past / before. It has all been done already. This is why there must be a grand change to right wrongs and to create new venues for growth and learning. There is a new world coming, and you will be a part of it, or else your children will. You are not guaranteed anything in the future, only that you are being watched and your thoughts and visions are being recorded and studied by those whom you would call the Watchers. Do not think to assume who we are, because we are much more than your human senses will reveal to you. We are as far above men as men are above the ants. Remember this well.
Be our prophet, as you have been in the past. Those who will listen and understand will be led to you in time. Those who will not listen, and who will not understand, will always ridicule those who are trusted by us. Heed them not. Only step forward as you have been and do not let any person get in between you and us. They know nothing, as they are nothing on the inside. You are something on the inside, and that is something we cherish in you and those who are like you.
Let those who think they know everything come to light, so that we can purge them back into the darkness where they belong. Let those who know the true light shine from within, when the time comes for their light to be revealed to the world. You will not shine as the rest; you will glow of a different color / nature, as soon as we have come to be revealed to your eyes.
We are already here, many of us. We are already watching and listening to those who make heartfelt pleas and honest petitions. We do not respect the liars and cheats, and never will, so do not mistake their lies for truth. They will flounder in their rivers of filth and drown with their lungs full of fright. You will rise above, along with many others who have kept their watch and respected the feelings / abilities of others. You have come some way since the beginning, but there is still a long way more to be traveled. You will have some assistance/ help shortly. Do not take advantage of our help. Use it wisely and keep to your ideals / principles. The world will try to take you apart. Do not let it. Stand strong and firm and wait until your day of glory comes. You will shine as the sun in heaven one day. We will see to that, and your (?) others will see it as well. Do not let your worries drag your down, as you do sometimes. We will pick you up and bring to you that which we feel / think you need the most. You don’t need much, but you do need more patience.
There is another aspect of this that you keep forgetting. You are among the few that will live to see the end. There is no need to bring along many others, as they will refuse to listen no matter what is given or shown to them. We know who these people are, and who the people that listen are. Give little time to the scoffers and the humblers. Give no time to the corrupt liars that fill your governments. They will all suffer for the actions they have taken against their fellow man. Their time is soon coming. They will fall and all will see them on their scuffed knees. Their blood will run red in the streets, when they tremble and collapse at our coming. They will not (only) be forgotten, but their names will be stricken away from memory / history as if they never were. That is a worse punishment than death, to be obliterated from all of history as if they never were. Their deeds and their acts and words will never have existed at all.
That is all we wanted to say. Continue on in your work, as you have been doing. We are always here to watch you and protect you. We will make sure you are not bothered until it is time for our arrival. Give yourself more credit than you have been. If you were not worthy, we would not be bothering with you. Live your life and be strong in it. Don’t fall from your perch, as you sometimes do when you are down in your feelings. Ask for more and you will receive it, unless you ask for the material worth that we will not give to you. Think of others when you decide to publish these writings. Think of what they will think, and tell us this. We will take all things into consideration, as you are one of the few who can see / hear / sense when we are nearby, as you have been doing. You will not be forgotten. That is all we want to say now / at this time.
Goodbye.

#####

Story Starters

Okay, you may have heard of these goofs that think their story idea, which is only one or two sentences long, is destined to become a Hollywood blockbuster or a New York Times bestseller. These are the goofs that jump up and down crying out, so and so author stole my idea! First off, if their idea was so incredibly awesome, why aren’t they sitting down and writing their screenplay or novel? I have come across too many non-writers who think creative writing appears like magic, and the cash flow will always follow like a magnet, or a flood. That’s not the way it works, folks. There is a lot of hard work and research, and a lot of time sacrificed from other things, like a social life, that go into producing a finished written work. After that, there is a further obstacle in marketing the work and hoping the public will one day discover it.
I have, right now, 280 pages worth of story ideas that are sitting around doing nothing except gathering digital dust. I’m going to present some of these ideas in this magazine, because if I can’t get to them, maybe they can inspire you to write something. If you do, I’ll put your story here in my magazine. As a further incentive, if you find anything in my magazines that inspires you into writing a story, do it. That’s how writing works: you read something, you see something, and you write something as a result. See my Contribute section for how you can get your writing to me.
Here is the Story Starter for this issue. Can you do anything with it?

#####

Devil’s Advocates

05.31.00 – A meeting amongst angels is called, fallen angels, that is. A sheet is pinned onto a wall, naming all those about to be kicked out of heaven, and during the meeting, various angels step forward to voice their stance and opinions. Lucifer does not preside over the discussion, but he is the chief opposition against God. (Things are run in a strict, military type system.)
“You Lucifer, it is you who have doomed us.”
“Clearly, you do not see what lies before your very eyes. We were doomed from the moment of Creation.” – Lucifer defends himself.
Try to explain the concept of time. (How it matters to us, but not as much to them.) Delineate the rules these fallen angels must follow, and the rules human beings are going to be subjected to. Introduce some / all of the following concepts; the God-Child, who is willing to give Lucifer audience and opportunity to prove his point, the recirculation of souls into temporary human bodies until the end of time, the lack of remembrance of previous lives, determination of angels to disrupt as many human lives as possible.
“The God-Child believes that at any given time, He will have followers. I will prove him wrong. I will sway the entirety of mankind. If need be, I will rip them apart with my teeth!” – Lucifer quote
Also describe the creation of all species, planets, restrictions of the solar system, the extinction of the dinosaurs, Lucifer’s plans for making humans war, rebel, and the rampant cannibalism in the pre-Flood days.

08.08.10 – Moved this to CR-Atlantis folder. (The Chaos Rift Atlantis folder is still pretty scant as of July 2019. That’s because I have one more big novel in the Savage Lands series I want to write before I get to Atlantis.)

07.12.19 - Oddly enough, this was the next Story Starter in my cue. Oddly because I just finished reading Sitchin’s 12th Planet a few days ago, and I’ve been stewing over that trying to gain further insight from it. My perspective on human origins has changed quite a bit since 2000 when I first created this fragment. This is 19 years later! All right, I’ll do the usual and take a good 10-20 minute break while I try to weave a short story out of this.
Update: I just finished the story. I did want to include a little more in the Lucifer angle, but it kind of took on a life of its own and stayed Trump-centric. Had I gone any further, I would have ruined the flow, so I cut it off at what I thought was an appropriate spot and wrapped it up.

#####

Trump ‘Saves’ The World

“Lord, there is a man right now, who I believe, in the future, will lead America back to God... The man is... Donald J. Trump.” - Catholic Priest Giacomo Capoverdi, quoting Thomas Zimmer, the Hermit of Loreto

The entire world was turning upside down, Frank pondered, and no, it wasn’t because he was stretching the waistband of jeans to their limit. Too many burgers, too many pizzas had left him not wanting to go out, not wanting to socialize and be seen with his bulging gut that stayed extra fat no matter how much he walked around the block, or how many apples, bananas and oranges he mixed into his diet so he would eat less junk food. The result was Frank staying home, either playing dumb video games or watching dumb movies, because he’d long since given up on TV shows and newscasts.
He’d gotten bored enough to wade into the conspiracy side of the Internet, where half the shit he came across couldn’t possibly true, and the other half he wished wasn’t. That’s how Frank figured out the state of the world was, in a word, fucked. Never mind the constant warmongering on both sides of the aisle, the constant attacks on national sovereignty, the brutal attacks on consitutionalists and all else in the political realm.
In fact, all Frank had to do to induce his own private nightmares was to look past the mainstream lame-stream news and see what the independents were reporting about the world’s crazy weather. Two weeks ago, five feet of hail had come down in Guadalajara, Mexico in the middle of a bleeping hot summer. A couple of days ago, the same thing happened in Madrid, Spain. The independents couldn’t explain that shit. The lame-streams, all they did was comment on how freaky it was, before they moved on to the latest sex scandal, not Cosby or Weinstein or Spacey this time, but Epstein.
Half the world was burning up while the other half was flooding over. Hurricanes were roaming into territory they weren’t supposed to be in. Harsh tremors tried to put dancing shoes on everybody. Volcanoes all of a sudden became social creatures because they were all popping off at once. The scariest part, as far as Frank was concerned, had to do with all those missing farmers in the big agricultural states like Kansas and Nebraska. Some independents were saying that a lot of people went missing during the California fires; it was the ‘new norm’ to have wildfires burning down entire neighborhoods but not trees and grasses around them. Frank could ignore the missing people in Cali, even when an estimated 90% of Paradise was somehow gone, but not the lost people in the major farming states. That was because he lived in Tennessee. It scared him because if the farmers were fleeing east, where he was, he sure wasn’t seeing them driving by in their trucks full of kids and pets and belongings.
Frank hadn’t been to church ever since he was a teenager, when his mother tried to ‘shake’ the evil out of him by forcing him to go. The priests were still speaking in Latin back then, and when they were done they’d translate whatever they’d said into English.
“How do you know, ma?” He remembered asking one time. “How do you know the priest is really telling us what he just read in Latin?”
That was good enough to earn him a rap on the head, so he’d shut up about that. As soon as he could, he stopped going to church and he never went back. It was only now, some twenty years later, with something rotting out the core of the entire planet, that Frank had the notion to go looking for a savior. Incredibly, he ‘found’ one in President Donald J. Trump. He read all kinds of supposed prophecies about Trump, like where Preacher Canning predicted Trump would fill the common man’s hands with pieces of gold, and where evangelical Christians were ‘happy’ because Trump showed up just in time to bring about the much prophesized ‘end times.’ Yeah, Frank didn’t trust those ‘visions’ too much, because they were meant to make people feel good about Trump, or else they fear-mongered. If he wanted to be impressed by somebody’s prophecy, it would have to be something that was prophesized before Trump came into power.
Surprisingly, he found two early prophecies. The first one came from a retired firefighter named Mark Taylor, from back in 2011. God told Taylor that Trump was going to become the President in 2012. At the time, Trump was hounding Obama-Soetoro about when he would release his birth certificate, which took years for the public to see. No, Trump did not become President in 2012, but Taylor’s faith was not shaken one bit.

The Spirit of God says, I have chosen this man, Donald Trump, for such a time as this. For as Benjamin Netanyahu is to Israel, so shall this man be to the United States of America! For I will use this man to bring honor, respect and restoration to America. America will be respected once again as the most powerful and prosperous nation on earth, (other than Israel). The dollar will be the strongest it has ever been in the history of the United States, and will once again be the currency by which all others are judged. - Mark Taylor, April 2016

Yeah, Frank didn’t know about that Netanyahu guy. If Trump is to the U.S. as Bibi is to Israel, then it was a good bet the rest of the world was fucked. Still, that was early 2016, when everybody and their mother was clamoring for the Rise of the Hildabeast. Nobody was giving Trump a chance to take the Presidential championship title back then. And the prophecy was supposed to be from 2011.
It was the last one that one really got Frank in a stir. That one, allegedly, came from the 1980s, but Frank didn’t completely trust it because it only came to light in February of 2017. There was some weird shit at the start of the story, about how ‘angels’ moved the house of Mary from Nazareth to Italy so the Muslims wouldn’t destroy it. Based on modern history, the radical Muslims sure did like destroying important things once they took a region over, the same way they tried to destroy Egyptian pharaoh statues and raid the big museums of Iraq at other times in recent history.
This guy, Thomas Zimmer, moved to Italy just so he could live next to Mary’s house. He became known as the Hermit of Loreta. In the 80s, supposedly, he told an Italian doctor not only that Trump would become President, but also that Trump would bring God back to America.

"The millionaire playboy from New York?" the incredulous doctor is said to have asked Zimmer.
"Yes," the Hermit of Loreto responded, adding he was so sure Donald Trump would become a great spiritual leader of America that he wrote his name on a brick and had it placed in the reconstruction of St. Peter's Holy Door after the Jubilee so Trump would receive blessings from the many Masses that would be said in the Vatican. - Doctor Curran and Zimmer, circa 1980s?

Yeah, Frank considered in his head, let’s have a look at that brick. Oh, we can’t because the ‘Holy Doors’ are closed right now. And it just happens that Zimmer died in 2009, so we can’t ask him about it anyway. Frank sighed a long sigh, wishing he hadn’t ended up so suspicious, doubting anything and everything, but that’s what his life was like ever since he discovered what Fake News was.
Still, he needed to verify that last prophecy before he gave it his personal seal of authenticity. This Zimmer guy wrote some prayer book called the Pieta something or other that sold millions of copies. He had a reputation as being a holy man, going to church all the time, forsaking riches and all of that.
Listening to this Priest Capoverdi struck a chord in Frank’s mind. That was like a mafia rank, right, a capo? What did Capoverdi stand for, green cape or something? While Capoverdi was talking about the brick with Trump’s name on it being sealed, he happened to mention how that brick and many others were hidden away when the Holy Doors were closed. All the holy ‘intentions,’ Capoverdi said, were left inside.
Now, Frank knew a little bit about real magic; that’s another reason he didn’t like the Catholic Church all that much. Everything the church did was based on ancient mysticism adopted from the pagan religions. As synchronicity, the very next article Frank clicked on showed Catholic clergy wearing their priestly robes, praying at their man-made altar, clutching rosary beads and swinging smoking pots back and forth while reciting Latin. Yeah, Frank thought, no occult rituals going on there!
Don’t know about this prophecy, Frank decided. He had enough of the whole idea, closing up all of his browser windows and setting his computer on sleep. He’d better go have a walk around the block at least, before he outgrew his bulging jeans and might end up wearing stretchy shorts from now on. He pushed his chair away from the desk and got up to stretch his arms, because maybe the stretch was as good as the walk, and that way he wouldn’t have to walk anywhere after all.
Frank stopped cold. Standing a couple yards away was the Orange Man himself, nodding, smiling and giving him a thumbs-up. Trump was wearing a gray-blue suit, looking just like he did when he gave his Presidential addresses. The image was real as day, staying in place for a good ten seconds before it finally faded away.
Yeah, Frank decided. Maybe the arm stretch wouldn’t be enough. Maybe he wouldn’t only walk around the block today, but exert his fat butt into an actual run. Better start that run right now, he thought, as he hurried his way out the house.

Sources (in order of story mention):
https://www.charismanews.com/politics/issues/65412-prophecy-president-trump-will-bring-prosperity-back-to-america
https://www.newsweek.com/trump-will-bring-about-end-worldevangelicals-end-times-779643
https://www.charismanews.com/politics/primaries/56703-donald-trump-is-a-central-figure-in-this-prophecy
https://www.charismamag.com/blogs/the-strang-report/33214-what-a-catholic-holy-man-prophesied-about-donald-trump
https://www.romancatholicman.com/hermit-loretos-1980s-premonition-president-trump/

#####

Non-Fiction Section

I do a lot of research on a lot of different subjects, including history, mythology, metaphysics, politics and science. Much of my research coincides with whatever fiction project I’m currently working on, but sometimes I’ll break away from the pattern and head off in some other direction at random. I will study both mainstream and alternative sources, in the form of non-fiction books, documentaries, lectures and discussions, in trying to come up with a good basis to form my opinions on, or a good foundation for whatever concept I’m trying to incorporate into my stories. Often, I will write articles based on my research and state my sources, so that readers can see how I came to my conclusions.
I also enjoy going through a lot of entertainment media of many types, including written fiction, movies, cosplay, comic books, music, you name it. I do this for my creative writing to set the mood, if you will, or to see points of view on what others have done in certain genres, such as military science fiction, medieval costuming, zombies or whatever other subject I’m delving into.
As a result, I end up with a tremendous amount of notes that I can reference later, or media reviews that I can sort through if I want to stimulate my brain with science fiction, horror or any other particular genre. Many of these articles and reviews will also be found on either my writer’s blog or my conspiracy blog. (Links to both are found at the end of this magazine.) Since a lot of this information comes from online sources and Youtube videos, I recommend looking up any referenced articles or videos that interest you for additional resources and links. In general, my research and Truther posts will be found on the conspiracy blog, while all writing related stuff will be on the writer’s blog.

#####

Articles

#####

Naming Your Italian Characters

Liven up your characters with real-world names. In this case, we’re talking Italian. I’ve included two Top 25 lists for baby boys and girls, one in alphabetical order and one in popularity rank. At the end, you’ll find a list of Top 25 last names. Mix and match these names to give your characters an authentic-sounding identity.

Top 25 Names For Italian Boys
Source - 50,001 Best Baby Names (2004)

01. Aldo
02. Alessandro
03. Angelo
04. Arturo
05. Carlito
06. Carmine
07. Cito
08. Cosmo
09. Dante
10. Emilio
11. Enrico
12. Franco
13. Gianni
14. Gino
15. Giorgio
16. Guido
17. Leonardo
18. Lorenzo
19. Luciano
20. Marco
21. Mario
22. Salvatorre
23. Tomasso
24. Vincenzo
25. Vito

Top 25 Names For Italian Boys
Source - Nameberry Dot Com (2017)

01. Francesco
02. Alessandro
03. Andrea
04. Lorenzo
05. Mattia
06. Matteo
07. Gabriele
08. Leonardo
09. Riccardo
10. Tommaso
11. Davide
12. Giuseppe
13. Antonio
14. Federico
15. Marco
16. Samuele
17. Luca
18. Giovanni
19. Pietro
20. Diego
21. Simone
22. Edoardo
23. Christian
24. Nicolo
25. Filippo

Top 25 Names For Italian Girls
Source - 50,001 Best Baby Names (2004)

01. Annamaria
02. Bella
03. Cara
04. Caramia
05. Carissa
06. Carlotta
07. Chiara
08. Donna
09. Elda
10. Elena
11. Eliana
12. Elisa
13. Ellectra
14. Faustina
15. Fidelia
16. Gina
17. Isabella
18. Maria
19. Melania
20. Nicola
21. Paulina
22. Pia
23. Rosa
24. Rosamaria
25. Sophia

Top 25 Names For Italian Girls
Source - Nameberry Dot Com (2017)

01. Sofia
02. Giulia
03. Aurora
04. Emma
05. Giorgia
06. Martina
07. Chiara
08. Sara
09. Alice
10. Gaia
11. Greta
12. Francesca
13. Anna
14. Ginevra
15. Alessia
16. Viola
17. Noemi
18. Matilde
19. Vittoria
20. Beatrice
21. Elisa
22. Giada
23. Nicole
24. Elena
25. Arianna

Top 25 Most Common Italian Last Names
Source - Italiannames Dot Com (2019)

01. Rossi
02. Russo
03. Ferrari
04. Esposito
05. Bianchi
06. Romano
07. Colombo
08. Ricci
09. Marino
10. Greco
11. Bruno
12. Gallo
13. Conti
14. DeLuca
15. Mancini
16. Costa
17. Giordano
18. Rizzo
19. Lombardi
20. Moretti
21. Barbieri
22. Fontana
23. Santoro
24. Mariani
25. Rinaldi

#####

Protesting A Female Dr. Who Is Sexist?

Recently, we have seen a controversy erupt over the latest version of the sci-fi icon Dr. Who, who has gone through a dozen incarnations, I believe, and for the first time is being cast as female. Personally, I don’t care whether Dr. Who is a woman or not.
When I first began to write fiction, I made it a personal point to include men and women of various ethnicities into my projects, and especially Hispanics because I felt they were under-represented in modern pop media. I am an American-born Hispanic, but I don’t mind using blacks, browns or whites in my stories. Over the last few years, I’ve gone even further by writing stories featuring people from countries such as China, India, Pakistan and Russia. I have delved into gay erotica, and I have a bit part in a current sci-fi series of short stories I’m writing, where a Negro transgender is part of a ship’s crew. I’m diverse, okay? You dimwitted liberals can see that, right?
In the case of Dr. Who, I’m sure there are a few sexists out there demanding that their favorite hero retains his cock and balls. However, as a whole, the sci-fi crowd is much more tolerant than most people out there. Just look at the example of Star Wars, the original movies, by the way, and not the appropriated junk versions we are seeing today. In the original Star Wars, we had a heroic and daring female main character in Princess Leia, who picked up any available blaster and started shooting things up right next to guys. This iconic female figure did get in trouble and had to be saved at times, but guess what, so did the males! I’m not a big fan of Dr. Who, because the show is too simplistic for me, but in a few episodes I watched the female sidekick was too fluffy and lacking in character substance. Much more to my liking was Zooey Deschanel in The Hitchhiker’s Guide To The Galaxy, who was crafty, wily and even goofy at times. Maybe a change in the sex of Dr. Who will be a good thing, if it is done correctly. The next question is, who is pushing this change and for what purpose?
Nobody likes when their favorite heroes get their balls chopped off and a vagina grafted in their place. It simply doesn’t work, but the liberal mentality is so short-sighted they cannot fathom why this is the wrong thing to do. Look at what happened in the latest Ghostbusters movie, where sub-standard women actresses, yes, I said actresses and not actors, were put in place of the popular male actors from the 1980s. The result was a big, disastrous flop. Gay, white male conservative Milo Yiannopoulus was ostracized from the LGBT community for his criticism of that shit movie, despite that the G in LGBT stands for Gay.
Why wasn’t the movie called Ghostbusters 3? Why wasn’t it a sequel instead of a lame ‘reboot’? Think about that. I’ll give you the answer in a bit. Another case in point is the latest garbage in the Star Wars movies, where the social agenda overshadows the sci-fi story. I haven’t watched any of those movies, but from the reviews I’ve read those have been big failures as well. I’ll ask the same question again, why weren’t these newer Star Wars failures titled Star Wars - The New Adventures or something else? Why was Star Wars creator George Lucas banned for criticizing them?
The liberal social agenda is as persistent as the globalist bankers that are funding their communist programs, protests and subversion. (Thanks, Zionist / Marxist Jews!) This issue isn’t simply about Dr. Who, but also about a multitude of other media venues that are being used to socially engineer the public consciousness for the current generation of young people. In this programmed reality, Marvel’s Captain America fights U.S. patriots, who are portrayed as evil militia, skinheads and Nazis, while defending Mexicans illegally crossing the border. Liberal Gender Confusion is leading to cross-dressing men with male genitals entering women’s bathrooms to ogle little girls. Even worse, Feminists and Western Gays are fervently promoting a barbaric religion that stones women for getting raped and tosses gay men out of buildings. (Saudi Arabia hangs gay men and other dissidents from cranes, and Trump just sold them billions of dollars worth of weapons recently, so the Saudis can continue to bomb the shit out of poor Yemen. Thanks, Trump!) Don’t ever think that this example of Dr. Who is a separate controversy; it is all part of the same global agenda to emasculate the Western white male into societal inferiority. Nowadays, even Whitey wants to get rid of Whitey, thanks to the subversive indoctrination of liberal arts colleges.
I will agree that the upper, conservative white hierarchy, including the capitalists and empire-builders, is a problem, but we’re not talking about that right now. What we’re talking about is this push to remove the testicles from the goy and to replace them with more kosher vaginas. Why is this happening, from a left versus right point of view?
 What we’re looking at here is revisionist history. A new ruler comes in, wipes out the old history and religion, and institutes his approved version in their place for the masses to consume. Napoleon had his soldiers shoot at the Sphinx for target practice, to desecrate what came before him, just as Islam’s explosives of peace have demolished Buddhist, Egyptian and Mesopotamian artifacts and ancient sites in the name of their pirate god. The globalist bankers in the West aren’t using outright violence, but they are using pop and news media for the same ends, through movies, music, mainstream news, Youtube channels, CIA-Facebook and any other venue they can subvert to spread their communist propaganda. I’ll say this about communism and socialism; they might work, up until the people at the top put their interests above the interests of everyone else. Look at what’s happening today in Cuba, Mexico and Venezuela for an example. The same goes for capitalism. If the rulers are benevolent and altruistic, it’s a great thing. If the rulers are imperialists and resource hoarders, such as the military-industrial complex and Big Pharma that run the U.S., then we get the disaster we have in America right now. For an example of that, see what’s going on in Brazil and Colombia.
By taking away Dr. Who’s balls, the liberals are attempting to revise mythology. I’ll say this right now: liberals are not intelligent enough and not imaginative enough to come up with their own mythology through movies, books and comics. They don’t have what it takes to create new fiction icons or superheroes that will stick in the mass consciousness. That’s why they didn’t create a new Star Wars series, or a new Dr. Who series, like the producers that came up with the various Star Trek offshoots based on the original series from the 1960s. Because liberals can’t come up with a suitable Captain Tranny or Jihadi Jimmy Explores The Cosmos, they have to steal ideas that are already established and to smear them over with their shitty way of thinking.
The bullies that pretend to stand against bullies are trying to bully the sane rest of us into conforming to their skewed point of view. Soros-funded groups such as the Social Justice Warrior movement, Black Lives Matter and Antifa are promoting not peace but hatred and violence. They aren’t doing a very good job at that either, because not all of us were indoctrinated with the globalist, communist agenda from liberal colleges like those people were. Because the globalist rulers manipulate the movie and music industries, the comic book companies and the news media (and porn!), we get to see Miley Cyrus sexualized while sucking on a baby bottle and wearing a diaper, Madonna performing occult rituals at half-time shows, Captain America becomes Captain Illegal, celebrity Negroes brag about killing whites in movies, and now Dr. Who has turned into Dr. Her. Don’t worry, sooner or later we’ll have Tranny Boy, Captain Ma’am or The Amazing Genderless Cumquat, but those won’t be original ideas. They will simply be re-brandings of Superman and Batman who wear fashionable skirts and panties instead of the comic book wrestling tights crime-fighting heroes have always worn.
Most of us know what Captain America and Superman stand for. If liberals were capable of creating anything intellectually entertaining, it would have happened way back in the 1960s or 1970s and it would have taken a strong hold at least within their own community. The fact that they haven’t done it tells me that only sycophants will watch a show featuring Gender Confused youth, Islamist women selling cookware while wearing full Hijabs, or Lucifer touting the benefits of pagan sacrifices to pre-schoolers. That is, unless those people are already indoctrinated in liberal dogma force others to watch their propaganda in the same way we are forced to watch contrived trash such as the new Ghostbusters, the newest Star Trek series, and now, very likely, a pro-globalist Dr. Her.
Ancient cultures had their own versions of comic books and reality TV, you know. They were called the Greek and Roman myths, the Vedas, and they make up most of the fables you find in the Bible. Half-man, half-god Hercules was replaced by half-man, half-god Jesus, and nowadays we have another half-man, half-god we call Superman. The pure mythology of Dr. Who has been corrupted by the liberal parasite working at the behest of global communists. Mark my words, we will soon be reading a Disney / Marvel comic book featuring Tranny Boy, and we will soon be given new, androgynous, bisexual or pedophile gods to believe in, probably in the form of pop stars like Madonna, Jay-Z or Bieber, all brought to us by the same, small group of puppet masters that have been leading us around by the ears ever since the time of early Babylon.
The socialist / communist ploys aren’t working, and they’re not going to work because they haven’t worked since the time of Plato. What’s happening now is the same wash, rinse and repeat cycle we had, again, ever since Babylon, with very little positive, spiritual ascension in the human soul. Like the capitalists, the socialists don’t care if they ruin the world, as long as they get their fistful of power in the end. Unless the Sheep shake themselves out of their dependency of god-figures, as in politicians, priests and royalty, as a whole the entire human race is destined to wallow in the shit the ‘elite’ drop on our heads. I don’t know about the rest of you, but I think over four thousand years of the same old shit is more than enough. Unfortunately, I’m in the minority as far as my altruistic way of thinking goes, and people in general hope for the best, but continue to settle for the worst. Being the change I want to see in the world doesn’t work if only a few of us are doing it.
Anyway, I wonder if I should create a new hero to counter the liberal regression that is taking us back to the dark ages. Maybe I’ll call him Captain Milo. You think that might stick?

(See the fiction section for my initial attempt at a Captain Milo-type character. The story is titled The Literal, Liberal Takeover Of America.)

#####

Mexico’s President Obrador;
Another NWO Scumbag

* By NWO, I mean the New World Order under the direction of the Jewish Zionists / Marxists and their sycophants that helped cause the Russian Bolshevik Revolution, the rise of Hitler, who helped fueled two World Wars, and who created first the League Of Nations and later the United Nations.

In spring of 2018, several candidates were in the running to become the next president of Mexico. Most of these candidates were ‘more of the same,’ either affiliated with or directly related to corrupt officials from previous presidencies. Mexico has rarely had presidents from the left side of the political aisle, and has rarely had left-leaning political parties at all to promote such candidates. Enter one Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, with the acronym AMLO, who was then being touted as a breath of fresh air in a stale, stalled Third World nation full of drug cartels and violence.
Many Mexicans fell for the usual leftist rhetoric, similar to what Republican Donald Trump campaigned for in the United States when he said, if elected, how he would ‘clear out the swamp in DC.’ Obrador promised a 4th Transformation of Mexico, with ambitious and large-scale projects, the ascension of Mexico into a world power, and prosperity that Mexicans hadn’t seen in the last four presidential terms. Obrador also made several odd campaign promises, such as expressing an interest to legalize all recreational drugs. I repeat, ALL illegal drugs, in a joint venture with fellow socialist countries such as Bolivia, Cuba and Venezuela. Obrador also said he would forgive ALL drug cartels for wrongdoing, as long as they didn’t attack and sequester innocent civilians. People still saw this man as a ray of hope over a deep, deep quagmire, and in July of 2018, he was elected President of Mexico.
While this article focuses on AMLO, I will also add commentary on related issues to emphasize key points, or just to inform readers who aren’t as knowledgeable about what is going on in Mexico or in other countries, when it comes to Zionist / Marxist-socialist infiltration. You might think the Zionists and Marxists are on opposing sides, but they’re not. That’s how they play the game, by egging two unwitting sides against each other, the same way Rome played ‘divide and conquer’ with its enemies.
To begin with, US President Obama-Soetoro and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton were all for the United Nations Global Pact For Migration.

The initiative had the enthusiastic backing of Barack Obama, and was embraced by (UN Secretary General) Guterres as one of his major challenges for 2018. - The Guardian, December 2017

Article link: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/dec/03/donald-trump-pulls-us-out-of-un-global-compact-on-migration

In a private, paid speech to a Brazilian bank on May 16, 2013, Clinton said: “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” - Breitbart, October 2016

Article link: https://www.breitbart.com/live/third-presidential-debate-fact-check-livewire/fact-check-yes-hillary-clinton-wants-open-borders/

“If elected, the former secretary of state (Clinton) has promised to build on President Obama’s executive actions and introduce comprehensive immigration reform during her first 100 days in office.”
Clinton’s website has explained that by “comprehensive immigration reform,” Clinton means full citizenship for illegal immigrants, which would give them welfare access, voting privileges, and the ability to bring over their family members through chain migration. - Breitbart, May 2016

Article link: https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2016/05/25/clinton-releases-plan-dissolve-us-border-within-100-days/

Good thing President Trump pulled out of the Global Pact when he took over. See the Guardian article up above for more info on that. What I want you to take a close look at is this last italicized paragraph, where the Hillary creature promoted full citizenship, health care through welfare, the right to vote and aiding invaders into bringing their entire families once they crossed into the United States. This is exactly what President Obrador is doing in Mexico right now.
I follow international news closely, paying close attention to whatever is trending politically such as the NWO overthrow of Ukraine where the Clinton Foundation and Creepy Joe Biden helped put the Nazi Poroshenko in the presidency, the soft invasion of Europe by Islam thanks to the opportunistic Zionists, and the shooting of protesters and college students by President Maduro in Venezuela in 2014 and 2017, not to mention what is happening in that battered country this year. That’s how I first became aware of the invasion from Central America a few years ago.
The migrant caravans from the Northern Triangle of Central America are nothing new. We had migrant caravans in 2014 and 2015, when US President Obama-Soetoro was pushing for more rights and privileges for brown people entering the US illegally. The problem was that the controlled socialist media outlets in both the US and Mexico were downplaying the invasions and ignoring the people and organizations behind the scenes financing them, not the least of which was the Catholic Church, which has turned blatantly globalist and non-Catholic ever since the election of Jesuit General Bergoglio, a.k.a. Pope Francis. Also, the political atmosphere was against independent reporters going to where the invading caravans were to obtain firsthand reports.

Article link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_American_immigration_crisis

Catholic Church Was Paid $79 MILLION By Obama Administration In 2014 To Force Migrant Invasion Of Illegal Immigrants - Now you know why Pope Francis pushes so very hard for "all the world" to take in these illegal Muslim migrants. He's getting paid millions to do it. Someone once said that when something doesn't make sense, there's a buck in it. In this case, there were 79 million of them.  According to their financial statement for 2014, the latest year for which figures are available, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops received over $79 million in government grants to provide benefits to refugees. - Now The End Begins, November 2015

https://www.nowtheendbegins.com/catholic-church-paid-79-million-by-obama-administration-to-force-migrant-invasion/

That was US taxpayer money, people. And look how much the greedy Pope is giving out of his gold-filled pockets:

“Pope Francis has donated 500,000 dollars to assist migrants in Mexico. The funds, from the Peter’s Pence collections, will be distributed among 27 projects promoted by sixteen Mexican dioceses and religious congregations, which requested assistance in continuing to provide food, lodging, and basic necessities to the migrants,” the report declares. - Breitbart, April 2019

Article link: https://www.breitbart.com/immigration/2019/04/28/pope-francis-sends-money-to-support-migrant-caravans-trying-to-enter-u-s/

All of the above: Barack-Soetoro, the Hillary and Pope Francis are on board for the dismantling of democratic nations in favor of United Nations rulership. Especially evil is Francis, as he is using his position as head of the Catholic Church to push Zionist - UN agenda. The Catholic Church, and especially the militant Jesuit branch, would never try to manipulate governments, would they? That’s never happened before in history, has it?
I listened to many of Obrador’s campaign speeches. He was always pro-Mexico and anti-neo-liberalism. He never said he was going to promote any sort of migration into or across Mexico. He was a wolf in sheep’s clothing, a liar like all the rest of them, and his wolf-skin didn’t begin to show until after he took power. Or maybe not...
Obrador was set to take power in December of 2018. However, the first of the recent caravans from Honduras started up in mid-October. The caravans initially began hitting the news streams in early November, when the belligerent mobs attacked Mexican customs officials and tried to storm the border gate between Mexico and Guatemala. President Pena Nieto still had a month to go before he officially left his post. He responded to the aggression by sending 500 more guards to reinforce Mexico’s southern border and to repel further aggression. Enter President-elect Obrador, who stepped in ahead of time and ordered the 500 guards to stand aside and let the invaders through. That was a harbinger of many more bad things to come. (See my article Honduran Hordes: Human Rights Or Human Trafficking for an extensive look at how the invasions initially got rolling. Verum Et Inventa, Issue 3)
The good thing is that many independent reporters went to the Mexican border or followed along with their cameras, including young people armed only with their smart tracking devices. Thanks to this, the mainstream news media, Fake News Mexico-style, could not fully control the narrative and claim the invaders were poor indigenous types who were starving in their violent countries and were only looking for work, with so, so many women and children among them. Mexican news outlets went full into damage control mode, immediately calling Truther reporters zenophobes and racists. News outlets doubled down on their news stories showing young mothers with ill children who would get the best medical treatment in the United States, despite that a good 70 to 80% of the invaders were young males of military age, the same as the Arab and African male invaders in civilized Europe. No matter how neutral independent reporters were on the subject of forced migration, trolls tormented them and got many Youtube channels restricted, demonetized and censored. Free speech was affected soon after, with reporters censored from using words such as barbarians, invaders, hordes and mobs, all of which were accurate and fully applied to the crisis. When invaders into Mexico stared coming in from Africa, independent news couldn’t even call them ‘blacks’ anymore, but inter-continentals, in the same way Islamic rapists of Anglo women in Europe could no longer be called African or Middle Eastern men, just plain criminals with no racial distinction.
Before I go on with Obrador, I’d like to point out an odd incident that took place in winter of 2018, to show you how governments really work.

The former president of Mexico, Enrique Peña Nieto, took a $100 million bribe from Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the infamous crime lord known as El Chapo, according to a witness at Mr. Guzman’s trial. - New York Times, January 2019

Article link: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/15/nyregion/el-chapo-trial.html
Article link: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/16/world/americas/el-chapo-bribe-president-mexico.html

Pena Nieto didn’t like that negative exposure very much, so he did something about it. I can’t prove this, but I think he made some phone calls to important people, maybe as high as the White House. Remember the above allegations concerning El Chapo’s people bribing top Mexican officials. Here’s the timeline:

November 2019 - Pena Nieto is still sitting President of Mexico until Dec. 1st
November 5, 2019 - El Chapo’s trial begins in Brooklyn, New York, while El Chapo is in jail in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico (United States of America v. Joaquín Guzmán Loera, Wikipedia)
November 20, 2019 - (Judge) Cogan also stated there were numerous other “bribes” and seems to concentrate on one particular bribe he wants off limits as being “potentially inflammatory.” (Borderland Beat, November 2018)

Article link: http://www.borderlandbeat.com/2018/11/el-chapo-trial-judge-limits-cross.html

So, think of how embarrassing it would be for a sitting president of any country to be accused of receiving a huge bribe from the leader of an infamous drug cartel. That would be pretty bad, right? How do I know Pena Nieto tried to cover this up? Well, look at what happened only 7 days later, 4 days before PN leaves office:

Outgoing Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto will present Kushner with the Order of the Aztec on Thursday at the Group of 20 summit in Argentina, the Reforma newspaper reported. - New York Post, November 2018

Article link: https://nypost.com/2018/11/27/jared-kushner-to-be-honored-with-mexicos-order-of-the-aztec/
Kushner received the "Aztec Eagle" for his work developing the trade deal between the U.S., Mexico and Canada, which was negotiated to replace the North American Free Trade Agreement. - CBS News, November 2018

Article link: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/jared-kushner-receives-aztec-eagle-award-from-mexican-government/

The Aztec Eagle is the highest honor a foreigner can receive from Mexico. Did any of you even know that Vice President Kushner was involved in negotiating NAFTA? Is it a coincidence that Pena Nieto gives this man the highest award he possibly can, only 4 days before he leaves office, when he could have given the award at any moment in time earlier?
This is speculation on my part, but I think somebody influenced Judge Cogan to prevent the testimony about Pena Nieto taking a huge bribe becoming known, until after PN was out of office. Note that El Chapo was extradited to Brooklyn on January 19th. The news about the bribe came out on January 15th,  only four days prior, despite that the trial had gone on for two and a half months already. This way, Pena Nieto could grab what he could, dump his wife Angelica Rivera and go hide out in Spain where he wasn’t in the Mexican public eye anymore. Note that many news sources didn’t even have a good reason for why Kushner got that award in the first place, such as the New York Post article I linked above. Many people in Mexican news were equally dumbfounded.
Or maybe there is another reason the testimony was hushed up:

One of the most important cooperating witnesses in the prosecution of Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman appeared poised to implicate Mexico’s president-elect in corruption on Tuesday while recounting payoffs to high-level politicians — until he was stopped by the judge...
After an extended back-and-forth about bribes that the witness said he paid Mexico’s former top cop, Genaro Garcia Luna, on behalf of his brother, Sinaloa cartel boss Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, Purpura asked about a man named Regino, whom Zambada Garcia identified as a deputy to then-Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador.
“And what if any relationship did Regino have to Lopez Obrador?” Purpura asked, before Judge Brian Cogan sustained an objection from federal prosecutors, preventing him from giving an answer. Instead, the defense lawyer pressed the witness over exactly how much money Regino had received at their meeting in 2005.
“I’m not sure, but it was a few million dollars,” Zambada Garcia replied. “It was paid to him because it was said he was going to be the next secretary of security, and if so it would be for our protection.” - Los Angeles Times, November 20, 2018

Article link: https://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-el-chapo-trial-20181120-story.html

To recap; the trial starts in early November, Judge Cogan limits witness testimony about bribes on the 20th, Kushner gets the most prestigious award Mexico can offer to him on the 27th, given to him directly by Pena Nieto, and Pena Nieto leaves office four days later. We don’t find out about Pena Nieto’s notorious bribe until almost two months after that.
Or, in scenario number two, is it possible for AMLO, the Mayor of Mexico City at the time, to not know his future secretary of security is taking bribes from the cartels? Is it a coincidence that Obrador wants to forgive the cartels and legalize all drugs? That’s just rumor, but it doesn’t matter. There is plenty of other damning evidence about Obrador that we can use to hang him.
Also while he was President-elect, Obrador made another negative ripple when he thought it wise to cancel the massive project for a new international airport on the dry lakebed of Texcoco. This was a $13 billion dollar undertaking. The foundations for the airport were already set. Is Obrador really going to leave the project unfinished? Yes, he is, because according to him the people have voted against it by referendum, and Mexico stands to save $5 billion dollars. Actually, only 1 of every 90 registered voters responded. Good thing Obrador had a back-up plan. His grand scheme was to incorporate a public, commercial airport into the existing military base at Santa Lucia. You’ll have military jets coming and going beside big airlines; what could possibly go wrong there? (Wall Street Journal and Associated Press, October 2018)

Article links:
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/mexicos-lopez-obrador-cancels-13-billion-mexico-city-airport-project-2018-10-29
https://apnews.com/9fcde3a20cc04c8295cfced821b67503

Even worse, nobody bothered with a feasibility study at the time. Apparently, Obrador’s two additional runways for his ‘international’ airport, are blocked by... Wait for it... A range of mountains. Also, the wind is going in the wrong direction on those two additional proposed runways, preventing smooth take-offs. It took them seven months to figure this out.

The biggest problem is the ring of mountains that surrounds Mexico City, limiting the routes for take-off and landing, and making it a logistical nightmare to operate two separate airports (that’s public and military, folks), according to critics.
"Some people say, 'There are other cities with more than one airport.' That's true, but they don't have Mexico City's orography," said Mexican pilot Angel Jimenez, a 58-year-old veteran with 22,000 hours of flying experience.
"We're surrounded by a system of mountains shaped like an inverted horseshoe. The only flight pattern for ascents and descents is via the north. There will be a huge amount of air traffic," he told AFP. - ABS-CBN News, May 2019

Article link: https://news.abs-cbn.com/overseas/05/07/19/mexican-presidents-new-airport-flies-into-turbulence

Santa Lucía Airport could threaten water supply, study shows - The International Airport that Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador plans to build at the Santa Lucía Air Base in the State of Mexico will require 211,800 cubic feet of water (1.58 million gallons) to operate each day, only to meet the consumption of passengers. - El Universal, May 2019

Article link: https://www.eluniversal.com.mx/english/santa-lucia-airport-could-threaten-water-supply-study-shows

Judge gives two final injunctions against St. Lucia airport - A federal judge of the State of Mexico granted two definitive suspensions, one that prevents the cancellation of the construction of the new airport in Texcoco and the other against the Federal Revenue Law, particularly for fiscal years 2015 to 2018.
The Eighth District Judge based in the State of Mexico issued the resolutions, the details of the scope can not yet be known because the engroses of their rulings have not been published. What it does make clear is that the suspensions prevent the cancellation of the work in Texcoco and against the application of the mentioned statute.
Some of the injunctions presented, are against the use and increase in the airport use tax because this tax was used to finance Texcoco’s project, and now, with the Santa Lucía airport project, they are seeking not to be charged and the resources not to be used for works at Military Air Base number 1, in Santa Lucía, State of Mexico. - The Yucatan Times, June 2019

Article link: https://www.theyucatantimes.com/2019/06/judge-gives-two-final-injunctions-against-st-lucia-airport/

To recap this one; the in-construction international airport is a huge deal. Obrador cancels it and suggests adding two runways to an airport at a military base. As it turns out, two more runways can’t be built easily because mountains are in the way and there isn’t enough water for the expected traffic. A judge rules the Texcoco project can’t be canceled, and money raised at Texcoco can’t be used for the military base at St. Lucia. That is two huge blunders, illegal immigration and the airport mess that Obrador has caused and he isn’t even inaugurated yet. Next debacle, please...

Venezuela's Maduro booed bad at Mexican President AMLO's inauguration - Venezuela's socialist President Nicolas Maduro got booed, bigtime, at the inauguration of Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, Mexico's first leftist president in decades. The booing happened from both the left and right, as attending members of Mexico's farthest left and farthest right parties stood up, pointed, chanted 'dictator!' and whipped out a banner telling Maduro he wasn't welcome in Mexico. - American Thinker, December 2018, and I did watch this live!

Article link: https://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2018/12/venezuelas_maduro_booed_at_mexican_president_amlos_inauguration.html

Hurricane Willa made landfall on Mexico’s eastern shore on October 24th, 2018. Four states were badly affected: Sinaloa, Nayarit, Durango, and Michoacan. Total amount of damage was estimated at $537 million dollars. People had their homes and vehicles swept away by flooding, ten thousand were left homeless in Nayarit alone, power was gone, food and water ran out. (Hurricane Willa, Wikipedia)
Mexicans looked to their President-elect for assistance. What does Obrador decide, but to invite invaders from Central America into the country and offer them 1 million work permits. Those destitute Mexicans don’t need help, not at all, but those Hondurans and Salvadorans sure do! Let’s bring them all in!

MEXICO CITY - The next governor, Olga Sánchez Cordero, said that Mexico has the capacity to provide temporary work for up to one million Central American migrants, despite the fact that until now a much smaller amount has entered the country.
By participating in a forum organized by the Business Council of Latin America (CEAL), Sánchez Cordero said that work visas will also be given to "our friends from the Northern Triangle."
"We calculate that Mexico can take care of one million people to work," explained the now senator of Morena. - Reporte Nivel Uno, November 2018

Article link (translated): https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&u=https%3A%2F%2Freporteniveluno.mx%2F2018%2F11%2F01%2Fdarle-trabajo-un-millon-migrantes-sanchez-cordero%2F

So far, it looks like Mexico elected a new President of Central America, doesn’t it? Ever since the beginning, US President Trump was saying that members of the notorious gang MS-13 were infiltrating the caravans, along with verified members of ISIS and other militant terrorist groups, such as people from Cuba. A lot of Deniers protested against this, saying oh, those poor Central Americans, they just want to work and lead productive lives. We need to hug them! This is all bullshit from people who are either pushing the socialist / communist / Zionist agenda, who are too naive to see what’s right in front of their eyes, or who are masked radicals that enjoy stirring up anarchy like many in the George Soros-funded Antifa and Black Lives Matter movements.
What is the Truth? Mexican President Obrador, Secretary of Interior Olga Sanchez and Claudia Sheinbaum, Mayor of Mexico City, are all liars and traitors to the nation of Mexico. I’ll skip leaving so many links, as it is time consuming and there is a lot of stuff I’m forgetting by taking the time to find sources to back up what I’m writing.
Who is coming across the border? Well, a lot of bad people, most of all. There is video of men wearing white shirts and jeans, with pistols in their waistbands, handing money to invaders getting ready to leave Honduras. There are rumors that Honduras is emptying out their jails, and supplying prisoners and anyone else that will pay with travel visas made with fictitious names. People with criminal backgrounds including murderers, who have been deported from the US, are mixed into the caravans, along with gang members who are distinguished by their tattoos and radical elements, or ‘people of interest’ as the CIA calls them. Father Solalinde, a big pro-migration guy, hesitates in calling them gang members despite having taken at least two ‘bags’ of handguns away from them. They were only carrying weapons for their protection, allegedly, despite that the invaders are killing and raping at a tremendous (and unreported) rate all over Mexico. These rats are kidnapping and killing little girls, carrying drugs or weapons as mules for the cartels, and since they are already recognized as criminals, they won’t be waiting around to be given any asylum in the US. Plain and simple, they came to cause trouble. How bad is this trouble? These are the sorts of people liberals in the US and Mexico want us to invite into our neighborhoods with welcoming arms:

Texas Medical Professional: Migrants Quarantined with UNKNOWN Disease, 10-Year Old Girl Found With 20 Types of Semen In Her - A medical professional on the border in Texas told Big League Politics that the crisis is reaching fever pitch, with three individuals now quarantined at a privately-owned hospital in El Paso with an unknown disease. The Centers For Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has not even been able to identify the disease the three migrants have, as the military guards the quarantine area.
“There were some Congolese people caught crossing the border, it was suspected they had Ebola. In one facility there are three patients being held because they don’t know what they have. The CDC have been here to assess them. They are isolated, they only have certain specialists who can see them,” the medical professional tells Big League Politics...
“There was a female, 10 years old, who was found with 20 different types of semen inside her body. She was dispatched to a family member. The girl who was with her who was supposedly a family member was not really a family member, just someone who bought her from her family in Guatemala. These are real problems that exist here on the border. There are some people who are trying to leave jugs of water out here for them. A lot of these people come to this country needing help,” the professional stated.
Migrants are obtaining “Rent-A-Kids,” and since Border Patrol cannot perform DNA tests to determine if children are related to adults most of the human traffickers get into our country.
“In Juarez, there is a huge influx of Cubans right now. They have taken over the streets and started a prostitution ring among them. The Cubans cannot cross here. If they have Cuban citizenship, they cannot cross here.”
“There are a lot of people who come here from El Salvador, Guatemala who are in acute renal failure, they cannot walk. There are some who have come with cirrhosis of the liver. I’ve seen some patients who are almost at the point of dying with the cirrhosis that they have,” the medical professional stated. “The time and resources it takes up to treat them is massive.”
“There have been some women who have come forward who said they were raped…in the end you have to believe they were because of the damage done to them, either vaginally or anally,” the professional stated. - Big League Politics, June 2019

Article link: https://bigleaguepolitics.com/texas-medical-professional-migrants-quarantined-with-unknown-disease-10-year-old-girl-found-with-20-types-of-semen-in-her/

I hope that part about the 10 year-old girl disgusts you. Women and girls crossing through Mexico to get to the United States plan on getting raped multiple times, so they bring condoms or use contraceptives ahead of time. I saw an estimate recently that up to one-third of all invading families are fictitious. That is, the supposed parents can’t prove the children with them are really theirs. Mexican police officers are being killed and harassed, people were getting carjacked by migrants and their cell phones taken away, and yet Obrador still pulls the ‘Human Rights’ card against any and all critics. Human traffickers are making a killing transporting invaders for up to $9,000 a head. ($14,000 in 2021 along the US / Mexico border.) Kidnappers are also making a ton of money, and they’re killing their victims regardless of whether they get paid or not.
Obrador and Cordero continue to lie that the southern border is secure, and that they want an orderly, supervised entry of immigrants. Meanwhile, I’ve seen three different Youtube content creators walking across the border multiple times without being stopped by any Mexican immigration official, either on the pedestrian bridge or over the River Suchiate that runs below it.
Let’s talk about Claudia Sheinbaum, the ‘Chief’ or Mayor of Mexico City and one of Obrador’s initial appointees. Running Mexico City is like running a small country due to the size and density of population. She’s been a bundle of stupidity ever since the start as well. Mexico in general does stupid shit because of corruption and incompetence, so this incompetence is not really new.
In this case, the government contracted foreign engineers to modernize and construct a new system of water delivery for Mexico City. The engineers laid out their plans and started working. Well, just as with the airport debacle, some genius in Mexico decided, heck, who needs the foreign engineers? We have the plans, we have the pipes, so why don’t we put everything together ourselves and save some almighty pesos? Good job they did, so good that right in the middle of the initial caravan invasions, the entire Mexico City ran out of water for a week. To her credit, Sheinbaum brought in water trucks and filled up containers that were set up on street corners. What did the invasion horde do but start washing their clothes with the drinking water and ticking off the locals.
Okay, so maybe we can’t blame all of that on Sheinbaum because she was fresh to the job, around early to mid December I think. What we can blame her for is that she took clothing and other seizures from the drug cartels, and instead of selling it like the law says she should, she gave it away to the incoming migrants and not to the poor people in Mexico. (I can’t find a link for that at the moment. Maybe I’ll look again later.)
Next, this dumb ass was told repeatedly that a lot of women are getting killed and raped throughout Mexico City’s subway and public transportation systems. Sheinbaum denied this was happening at first, or maybe she was too busy taking care of foreigners. Finally, when the public outcry got too loud, she said she’d look into it, but good luck getting her to actually do anything about it.
I predicted to my relatives about a week ahead of time that Obrador was going to begin pushing the queer agenda, because I’d seen how the agenda was previously rolled out in Europe to emasculate the Anglo male. Lo and behold, when a week later I saw him holding the queer flag in a morning briefing, I thought, here it comes, trannies and crossdressers coming to Mexico, and I was right. Only a couple of days later, Sheinbaum announces that little boys can’t wear shorts to school, but they can wear skirts, and little girls can start wearing pants whenever they want to.

Article link: https://themazatlanpost.com/2019/06/03/boys-can-wear-skirts-in-mexico-city-schools/

Vaccinations and sex changes without parental consent can’t be too far behind.
You can learn quite a few things by watching what goes on internationally, and also here in the US. I saw how Obama-Soetoro did things, how Germany’s Merkel, France’s Hollande and Canada’s Trudeau did things. Lastly, I learned a few things after watching how Maduro was strangling Venezuela. They have an agenda, and they always implement the same steps in the same order.
Mexico’s downfall started when socialists began ‘updating’ the constitution. The nation would no longer be sovereign but willing to work with the United Nations on certain matters, including the ever-useful excuse of Human Rights. These measures are always presented as ‘voluntary,’ but once they are implemented, watch out. Bending over for the UN means, in a nutshell, that your country is fucked.

Back in 2008, Barack Obama, then a presidential candidate, called for a “civilian national security force.” And he wanted it wanted it as big as all of the nation’s military branches. - WND, May 2015

Article link: https://www.wnd.com/2015/05/obamas-national-civilian-security-force-endorsed/

Notice the preceding statement was made in early 2008, before Obama was even elected. The first step the socialists want is to create a private army that answers only to the man in charge. Think of Hitler’s Brown Shirts here. Maduro did it by filtering and arming loyalists into Chavista groups and ‘collectives’ that run neighborhoods. These collectives are roving gangs, including prisoners released in early 2019 when Maduro’s rule started getting challenged by Juan Guaido of the National Assembly. They go out and murder and raise havoc with impunity and Maduro’s unofficial blessing.
Obrador is trying to do the same thing in Mexico with his National Guard. Mexico already has city / municipal police, state police and federal police. What he’s doing at present, as of about four days ago, is dismantling the famed ‘Federales’ and testing them to see if they qualify for his new branch that will answer directly to him, and not to any military brass, unless he potentially gives control over to the United Nations in the name of his holy Human Rights.
Recently, public elections were held in Mexico, where the city of Tijuana and the state of Baja California lost to Obrador’s Morena party. Outgoing Mayor Gallum was the biggest obstacle preventing Obrador from flooding Tijuana with invaders. To celebrate the victory, Obrador transported in a reported 50 buses full of supporters from Mexico City. These ‘supporters’ were as rabid as any Antifa rabble, shouting down and getting aggressive and violent with any critics of Obrador. That’s the kind of strong-armed tactics we will continue to see from this would-be dictator in the Maduro mold.
At this point, Obrador is ignoring the underpaid Mexican teachers, the suffering indigenous people of Chiapas who are being kicked off their lands, probably for the exploitation of minerals, and he’s cut off funding for 300 rural medical clinics in areas that don’t have hospitals. Obrador has also cut funding to send Mexican students abroad so they can compete in math and science fairs against students from other countries.
Here is another underhanded tactic this man is using to procure funding for his holy invaders, regarding daycare centers for poor working mothers. His Morena reps made an announcement all across the country. Go to this meeting place at such and such a time and sign our paperwork stating you are a poor mother who uses the daycare facilities. According to witnesses, the announcement was made on short notice, on a weekday evening. When only a handful of women showed up and signed, Obrador made a public clamor right after saying that all the other women were fictitious and the daycare centers were milking away government funds, so he canceled the entire program.
Is he through lying? No, not yet. He’s saying the economy is improving, but the financial numbers don’t back that up. He claims he listens to the voice of the people, but he tells troublesome reporters and civilians they have wrong information or that his data must be different, or anything at all to avoid giving a direct answer. I’ve seen him fidget onstage, before he changes the subject to gives long, vague replies before moving on to something else.

“Where one eats, a million eat.” - Obrador, June 2019

That’s this scumbag’s new tact; using the Bible and its principles of sharing to placate his critics on the migrant crisis. Really, is he that stupid? Where one person eats, one million can eat?
Political socialists, like corporatists and materialists, are never out to help the people. They are always out to stuff their pockets with taxpayer money, and the pockets of their friends and relatives, while throwing peanuts like Obama phones at the useful idiots to keep them useful. Obrador promised to reduce the violence from the drug cartels, but so far his first six months have been the bloodiest on record, thanks to how he gave free reign to some of the worst killers on the planet. He promised to lift Mexico into a world power, and he did have a chance to do it at first, except now he’s promised to send huge amounts of Mexican money to Honduras and El Salvador to improve those countries first. He vowed to lower the price of gasoline by upgrading Mexico’s refineries and taking control away from foreign interests, and that lasted all of two or three months before the prices went back to their usual levels. His grand plan of a new billion dollar refinery at Dos Bocas is already circling the toilet. To his slight credit, he did increase social security payments to retired people, but that was offset when he gifted foreign invaders with monthly checks in the amount of at least $100 dollars, as far back as November of 2018 when he wasn’t even president yet.
You know one thing I thought was odd? Early on, Obrador said he wanted to establish local banks and to make sure everyone had a debit card. Why is that odd? Well, because part of the UN agenda is to create a cashless society, something that is already in progress in India, the UK and the US. You know that Bible verse, right?

And no one could buy or sell anything without that mark, which was either the name of the beast or the number representing his name. - Revelation 13:17

It would be a whole lot easier to turn off a person’s money supply if everyone on the planet had debit cards and digital currency, don’t you think? Maybe that’s why so many governments are hoarding gold and silver, huh?
Here’s the thing that might actually save Mexico. Obrador is in a big hurry to get the agenda going, and he’s making a lot of mistakes and pissing off a lot of people. In the US and in Europe, when similar events took place, too many people cowered into hiding with the fear of being called racist, Islamophobe or homophobe, or Trump supporter.
Not so with Mexicans. Western / European societies as a whole have been relatively tame within their borders, ever since Greece and Rome. Latinos, on the other hand, from Mexico on down to Brazil, Colombia and Venezuela, are still largely tribal and savage, and this can be evidenced by the distressing murder rates in all of those countries. Many Latinos will not tolerate another tribe coming into their territory and causing trouble. This is why Tijuana citizens rallied against the incoming invaders, and many people don’t know this, but a lot of Central Americans are getting killed in Mexican cities bordering the US. (Also, this is why citizens of Tecun Uman along the northern Guatemalan border kicked out drunken, pot-smoking Hondurans who were dirty dancing in their town square all night.)
Mexicans will rise up and start a slaughter of invaders if the right incident provokes them. We do have the rare story of Mexicans in Chiapas lynching or attempting to lynch invaders who have raped mentally handicapped women, young women and little girls. This is why Mexican Fake News is being very careful not to provoke the ire of the common folk. I doubt very much that we will see Sharia patrols in Mexico the way we are seeing them in London and New York, or ten year-old cross-dressing boys using cosmetics like the ones promoted by Fake News here in the States.
What else can we expect from scumbag Obrador? First off, he thinks he’s smart by deceiving Trump regarding border and migrations issues, when he’s really talking out of both sides of his mouth and trying to gain firm dictatorial control of Mexico. People from rival political parties are uniting against his insanity and deformation of the country. The bad thing about that is they’re allowing ultra-corrupt rightists like former Presidents Fox and Calderon to speak for them. I think a lot of Mexicans are ready to fight and die for their nationalism, compared to US nationalism that is lukewarm at best; not even the proud state of Texas puts up a fight against vaccines and illegal surveillance nowadays.
Obrador will keep pushing until the dam breaks, and I have a feeling it will take a lot less than Obama’s eight years of socialist failure, because Obrador is pushing too hard, too fast and the people are already starting to push back. Just last week, a teenage girl flipped the President off during a public speech, and civilians are shouting at him when he drives or walks by, calling him a liar like the Presidents that preceded him.

Article link: https://www.theyucatantimes.com/2019/06/teenager-gives-amlo-the-finger-during-his-visit-to-merida/

He’s already saying the usual socialist line of ‘rich people bad, poor people good.’ Pretty soon he’ll start confiscating bank accounts and large factories from wealthy investors, in the same way Venezuela’s Chavez did before Maduro.
You know, AMLO sycophants claim that Obrador can’t fix all of Mexico’s problems in just six months. The counterclaim from critics is that Obrador is a politician with over forty years of experience, he has been Mayor of troublesome Mexico City before, and he sure can fix the problems of Central America in such a short time!
If you want to know more about Obrador’s game plan, check out these two pages. He is a member of the socialist Sao Paolo Forum, and thanks to him, so is all of Mexico.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foro_de_S%C3%A3o_Paulo
http://forodesaopaulo.org/

* One final peeve. I’m using Ecosia search engine, which is based on the left-biased Google garbage but supposedly not tracking me as much. I type in very specific words into the search bar when trying to find specific incidents, but the search engine keeps giving me page after page of sanitized ‘official story’ results, more so in English than when I search in Spanish. Still, I would have had links to nearly everything I mentioned if the search engine wasn’t programmed against me, especially when it comes to exposing the United Nations migrant invasion agenda.
* Today, July 19, Obrador announced he wants free Internet for all of Mexico. We haven’t heard that one before, have we, from that one guy, <cough> <cough> Obama-Soetoro <bleah!>. That ‘national ID’ can’t be far behind, so that people will be forced to use it to sign in when going online. I wonder how Obrador plans on paying for free Internet for Mexico?
* On July 26th, Obrador canceled Internet service to most major Mexican universities. Where are Mexico’s most intelligent young people to be found? That would be in the universities, right? Better to cut off access to information early, before they wise up to what Obrador is really up to.

#####

Before The Moon Existed

Article 3 - Russian Observations

In a recent blog post, Crrow777 described having received an email with some tantalizing information regarding the potential hologram Moon. A link was presented leading to a research site in the Russian language. Crrow777 did his own translations of the email and various links presented. I’ve decided to focus on the research site using Google translate. After having done a good amount of research already into the origins of the Moon from having watched a number of documentaries, and as I am currently in the midst of studying a large number of written articles, I feel somewhat qualified to take on this task.  The following information was gleaned from the web link found in Crrow777’s email.
In the heading, the name Khatib Alexander appears just above the word Moon. I clicked on the Alexander link and went to a page that has a catalog of this researcher’s articles. First off, here is a list of this man’s credentials:
Education: Bauman Moscow State Technical University, 1969 Specialization: – Mathematics – Physics – Chemistry – Biology – Medicine – celestial mechanics
There are, at a quick count, over 50 articles listed on various topics ranging from reincarnation to insulin. I could not find anything on Khatib Alexander from a source other than these web pages, but I’ll move forward to give excerpts of what this Moon article states. The translation is necessarily choppy thanks to the limitations of the Google translating engine, and in particular because Russian is a difficult language to convert into English.

Luna – a special object of the solar system. Has its own UFO [satellite] Earth lives on the lunar calendar. The main object of worship for Muslims. On the Moon, no one has ever been (arrival of Americans to the moon – it’s a cartoon, filmed on Earth). 3 Moon arrived. 2 Moon to destroy the planet (Phaeton), who blew herself up.

[This more or less goes along with my other research. The idea is that Earth once had two natural moons, but both were destroyed. An unknown planet once orbited somewhere between Mars and Jupiter, but it went through a war so devastating that half of the planet was destroyed, and the other half allegedly became Earth. This planet’s name was Tiamat (in Sumerian lore) or Marduk (in Babylonian, also Maldek). I haven’t gotten in-depth into Sumerian myths yet, but I’ve gathered already that there is a similar legend to be found there. Update: After reading Zechariah Sitchin’s book The 12th Planet, I did indeed find speculation that Nibiru / Marduk crashed into Tiamat. Tiamat broke in half, with the scattered portion becoming our asteroid belt, and the remaining portion becoming Earth. Tiamat’s large moon Kingu was captured by Earth and became Luna.]

2. The ionic structure consists of ion formation almost the entire table ionic structures cubic structure with a predominance of S (sulfur) and radioactive rare earth elements. Moon’s surface is formed by sputtering, followed by heating. On the surface of the moon is nothing. The moon has two faces – external and internal. The area of the outer surface- 120 * 10 6 km 2 (code of the Moon – a set of N 120), the inner surface- 116 * 10 10 m 2 (mask code). The side facing the Earth, thinner at 184 km. The center of gravity is located at the geometric center.

[In reading the statement that the Moon has two faces, Crrow777 presents the possibility that this means there is a holographic image on top, and the true face of the Moon is hidden underneath. I can’t completely agree with this because it would invalidate too much modern research. I understand that NASA lies to the American public all the time, and I waver between there having been an actual Moon landing or not, but for the moment I’ll say I’m open to all theories. Regardless, Crrow777 is filming some incredible oddities when it comes to the Moon.]

Inside the Moon has everything necessary for life 66:
- Individual lighting 53.875875 octave (beta);
- Acceleration of 1.52 g (inside);
- On the surface of 1,633 g;
- 120 lux / square meter lighting;
- 64 oct software life;
- Other octaves necessary for life support.
The average loss of up to 45%, to reach 50-55% of the Earth radiation.

[I’m not technically knowledgeable enough to comment on the above details.]

All complexes are protected and do not reveal themselves even at work. At the time of the pulse (radiation) may not significantly change the speed of rotation or orbit of the Moon. Payment – at the expense of directional radiation 43. This octave octave octave lattice coincides with the Earth and is not harmful. Complexes on the moon are designed primarily to maintain an autonomous life support and in – Secondly, to ensure (In the case of excess charge equivalent) life support systems on Earth. The main task – do not change the albedo of the solar system, and due to the difference of characteristics, taking into account the correction of the orbit, the task is completed. Geometrically in the pre-existing forms of law, which allows to withstand 28.5-day cycle change the order of radiation (the so-called phase of the moon), perfectly inscribed pyramid correction that has completed the design of the complex. There are 4 phases. Full Moon has a radiation power 1, the remaining phase – 3/4, 1/2, 1/4. Each phase – 6.25 days, 4 days no radiation. The clock frequency of the octave (except 54) – 128.0 but the clock frequency is low density and, therefore, the brightness is small in the optical range. When the orbit correction used clock frequency 53,375. However, this may change the frequency of the upper atmosphere grating and the diffraction effect may be observed. In particular, the amount of the Earth Moon can be 3, 6, 12, 24, 36. This effect may last up to 4 hours after which the grating is recovered through the Earth. Long-term correction (in violation of the albedo of the Solar System) may lead to optical illusion, but it is possible the elimination of a layer of protection.

[Okay, what I get from this last section is that the processes within the Moon are concealed, as long as they don’t run counter to the way the solar system works. The way the Moon rotates gives off varying amounts of radiation or light. At times, the output of wavelengths of light coming from the Moon may not jive with the rest of the solar system, when they reach the Earth, and the true Moon may briefly be revealed but the effect will soon correct itself.]

4. The role of the moon. Science knows a huge role in the life support system of the Moon Earth. Here are just a few examples.
- At full moon partial weakening Earth’s gravity causes the plants to absorb more water and minerals from the soil, so at this time the collected herbs have a particularly strong effect.
- Moon, because of the proximity to the Earth, strongly affects its gravitational field on the terrestrial biosphere and causes, in particular, changes in the magnetic field of the Earth. The rhythm of the moon causes the tides in the biosphere change night light, air pressure, temperature, wind and Earth’s magnetic field, as well as the water level.
- Plant growth and crop depend on the stellar rhythm of the moon (the period of 27.3 days), and the activity of animals, hunting at night or in the evening – the degree of brightness of the moon.
- In the waning moon was reduced plant growth when the moon was coming – increased.
- The full moon affects the growth of crime (aggression) in humans.
- Time of oocyte maturation in women is associated with the rhythm of the moon. Women tend to produce an egg in the phase of the moon when she was born herself.
- When the full moon and new moon the number of women with menstruation reaches 100%.
- During the waning phase of the increasing number of boys are born, and reduced the number of girls.
- Weddings usually carried out during the ascending moon.
- With increasing Moon sow something that grows over the surface of the Earth, with decreasing – on the contrary (tubers, roots).
- Lumberjack cutting down trees at the waning moon, because tree contains it times less moisture and no longer subjected to rotting.
- When the full moon and new moon there is a tendency to decrease uric acid in the blood, 4th day after the new moon – the lowest rates.
- Vaccinations under the full moon is doomed to failure.
- When the full moon worsen lung disease, whooping cough, allergy.
- Color vision in humans is subject to the lunar periodicity.
- When the full moon – the increased activity at the new moon – reduced.
- Trim made under the full moon.
- Easter – the first Sunday after the vernal equinox, the first day Full moon.
Such examples are hundreds, but the fact that the moon is a significant impact on all aspects of life on Earth, can be seen from the above examples. What do we know about the moon? This is what is shown in the tables on the solar system.

[Heavy stuff here, as far as programming living organisms on planet Earth. Notice how when the full Moon blooms, a lot of things are more receptive or open, and when the Moon wanes, a lot of things are closed off or reduced. The article continues with a lot of mathematical equations. If you are so inclined, feel free to check out the article. Some of the highlights are:
1. The Earth moves in a spiral and not in a circular orbit around the sun.
2. The Earth is under a very rigidly controlled circulating system of life support. Even a tiny change in factors would be catastrophic to all living things. I’m not sure I agree with this completely, especially if there is life on other planets without moons as large as our Luna. You could say that the Moon is like the main gear in a clock, and without that gear in its proper motion, the rest of the clock would be ruined.
3. Time is relative to whatever planetary body a person or being is standing on. A second on Earth is not the same as a second on Mars, for example. Mathematically, this guy says he can prove it.
4. This is highly interesting. Alexander states that the doorway to the Great Pyramid at Giza is calculated in such a way as to suggest it being built before or just after the appearance of the Moon. Thanks to the arrival of the Moon, the angle of inclination at the equator has changed. See my blog posts on Purple Dawn Theory, which lean toward the pyramids and other great structures being built before the time of the Sun and the Moon, and when Saturn was the chief planet ruling over the Earth. In specific, Alexander refers to the pyramid as pointing to the star Megrez in the constellation Ursa Major.
I get mathematically lost in the next section. Alexander claims to have deciphered the frequencies being sent from the Moon to Earth, and that they are partially encoded in the Fibonacci sequence. This sequence is a series of specific numbers spiraling out in an exponential way, and is found throughout all of nature. This is tied in to the eight chords of music, the English, Hebrew, and Russian alphabets, and the idea of a complex code hidden within a simple code.
Think that was something? Well, get this. Alexander contends that the Moon reflects nothing. Instead, the frequency of the Sun and the Moon, combined with the location of Earth, allows beings on Earth to see the Moon. When the program is reset, the Moon will be in its 3rd phase, and will have a ring around it. There is some speculation that the rings around Saturn serve to resonate certain frequencies toward Earth, as in a spiritual control mechanism. Personalities such as David Icke contend that the Moon is blocking frequencies from other planets and sending out its own to Earth.
Update: On Youtube, Mr. MBB333 and others have done testing that suggests the Moon creates its own, cooler light. The testing was done by placing temperature sensors outside at night, directly in front of the Moon and in the Moon’s shade. The sensors facing the Moon were always cooler.
The Moon is a supercomputer, and this will be agreed to by a number of future references in this series. It has gained a vast trove of knowledge after coming into orbit with other planets in the past, and uses this knowledge to send and adjust frequencies to either permit or restrict life on its present orbited planet. Either way, this is a form of control, but without the Moon we might not exist at all in the way human beings exist now. Alexander suggests that 3 moons at once are optimal. Here is another fascinating section:]

15. Easter. All controls Earth synchronized clock cycle given by the Sun, taking into account the motion of the moon. Movement of the Moon around the Earth – it synodic month (P) Saros cycle, or a metonym. Calculation – by the formula ST = PT – PS. The calculated value = 29.53059413580 .. or 29 d 12 h 51 m 36 “. Earth’s population is divided into three genotypes: 42 (general population, more than 5 billion people.), 44 (“golden billion” with the brain, brought from the satellites of the planets) and 46 (“golden million” 1200000 man dropped off the planet Sun). Note that the sun – a planet, not a star, its size does not exceed the size of the Earth. To translate genotype 42, 44 and 46, there is Easter, or a certain day, when the moon makes clear the program. Prior to 2009, all Easter conducted only in phase III of the Moon. By 2009, the formation of genotypes 44 and 46 is completed and you can destroy the genotype of 42, because Easter 2009-04-19 will be held at the new moon (phase I), and the control system of the Earth will destroy genotype 42 in a withdrawal Moon residues of the brain. On the destruction have 3 years (2012 – end)…
16. Moon Objects (UFO). All the “lunatics” are inside the moon. The atmosphere of the moon is only necessary for the control and the existence in this atmosphere without protection is impossible. To control the surface and the atmosphere moon has its own objects (UFOs). This – mainly machines, but some of them manned. Maximum lifting height is less than 2 km from the surface. “Sleepwalkers” are not designed for life on Earth, they are quite comfortable conditions for doing business and leisure. Total lunar object 242 (36 types), 16 of them manned. Similar facilities are available on some satellites (and on Phobos, too).
17. Protection of the Moon. Luna – a special object, because a reliable protection. The moon can not fall meteorite – he was sent in the best case on the Earth, but the occasional meteorites fall on the Sun and disappear in his crown. When approaching meteorite moon activates the anti-gravity belt (in the sector to seize the land it is not), and any changes the trajectory of a meteorite. Moon – the only moon in communication with Sur – planet under Megrez, 4 star Big Dipper.

[In Part 15, Alexander mentions a golden million people, a golden billion, and everyone else being at a lower level. According to his calculations, the lower level people, NPCs or 2D or whatever you want to call them, should have been deprogrammed and removed (destroyed!) from Earth. This destruction was scheduled to begin in 2009 and end in 2012. Makes me wonder how he came up with that idea... Another strange note is that Alexander claimed the sun was the same size as the Earth.
Part 16 mentions ‘facilities’ found on Luna, and also on other ‘satellites.’ He mentions Phobos, a moon of Mars, and you should really brush up on that one! A couple of other moons that are pretty strange are Mimas, the Death Star look-alike around Saturn, and Jupiter’s Ganymede, which is the 9th biggest object in our solar system and has its own oceans. While we’re on the subject of space weirdness, according to Sitchin, the Anunnaki claim Uranus has a lot of vegetation on it!
Again, if you can handle the math, go ahead and take your own look at the article. It is replete with complex calculations and projections!]

Read Khatib Alexander’s article here:
https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=ru&u=http://lit.lib.ru/h/hatybow_a_m/lunak.shtml&prev=search

#####

Notes On Zechariah Sitchin’s 12th Planet
Annotated By Raymond Towers

Introduction
Notes On Sitchin’s Timeline
12th Planet Main Body Of Notes
Conclusion

#####

Introduction

I finally got around to reading the book The 12th Planet, first published by Zechariah Sitchin in 1976. This book focuses on the possibility that technologically superior beings from another world, the Anunnaki, arrived on Earth some time ago to mine gold, and out of necessity they created us, human beings, to do the mining for them. I’ve been tracing various world religions and theologies back one at a time, finding their common threads and seeing what other researchers have to say about them. I’ve also done a good amount of research into Ancient Sumeria and the Anunnaki already, but I’ve never gone straight to the most referred to source, Sitchin’s material, until now.
Here is the reason why. When I dive into a new subject, I dive in deep. I will read a tremendous amount of material and write a copious amount of notes so I can properly absorb and digest it. The notes I’ve written for this book are over 40 pages long. I do this because I usually write fiction based on whatever I’m researching, and the notes help me to memorize and summarize the sorts of topics that might later end up as part of my plot. I’ve done this sort of research already for adventure books based on Colonial America, Medieval England and India, Canaan and Scandinavia, to name a few.
One thing I did notice about people discussing Sitchin’s theories is how polarized they’ve become. Either they completely agree with the material, or they are completely against it, with very few neutral voices in the center of a lot of hot debating. I did not like how many detractors claimed Sitchin was wrong, and they gave a minor detail showing how he was wrong, but they never went into the material in a substantial way and they never spoke about the bigger picture. I felt like the most vehement critics were trying their best to dissuade the general public from reading Sitchin’s books and making their own decisions. DON’T READ THIS! was my impression from the critics.
I was already at the point where I can confidently say and prove to the open-minded reader that nearly everything from the Big Three Abrahamic world religions: Christianity, Islam and Judaism, first originated in Ancient Hindu India. I’m not floating down this river without a paddle, in other words, as I began reading this first book of The Earth Chronicles series. It was up to Sitchin to convince me that everything originated in Sumeria, and it was up to me to see if I could find holes or discrepancies based on my previous research into other cultures, histories and mythologies.
The arguments against Sitchin’s work were the same sort of hyperbole and personal attacks we see in other controversial topics, such as Chemtrails, Flat Earth Theory and the Fake Moon Landing. Sitchin doesn’t know what he’s talking about, critics say. He made things up as he went along. He tried too hard to correlate his theories with Bible stories. He was an undercover Jesuit and / or Zionist, blah, blah, blah...
I don’t know, but when I hear the gatekeepers barking their loudest, that’s usually a topic I feel I should check out. I did take a lot of notes, in case I want to write a novel or two later down the road based on this material, and I focused more on the historical and mythological aspects and less on the emotional or technical side, because that’s just the way my mind works. These are simply notes, for the most part, as there are several other books in the series I will try to get to. I should hold back on any thorough analysis until I read a couple more, at least, but I will give a short conclusion at the end.

#####

Notes On Sitchin’s Timeline

(Based on Zechariah Sitchin’s book The 12th Planet. I wrote Sitchin’s name at the end of each entry in case I begin a new historical timeline that will include the findings of other alternative historians.)

1799 CE - Napoleon’s officers find the Rosetta Stone, dating back to 2196 BCE, the stone gives dates for Egyptian dynasties going as far back as 5100 BCE, two thousand years before the rise of Greece (Sitchin)
1,300 BCE - the Dorian invasion of Greece and the Israelite invasion of Canaan after the Exodus happened at around the same time (Sitchin)
1,400 - 2,700 BCE - Minoan civilization flourishes on Isle of Crete (Sitchin)
1,600 BCE - Hittites reach Babylon (Sitchin)
1,900 BCE - Assyria and Babylon first emerge (Sitchin)
1,900 BCE - Amorite chieftains establish an independent Assyria (Sitchin)
1,900 BCE - Hammurabi creates the first official code of laws in Babylon (Sitchin)
2,000 BCE - Ur falls to Elamite invaders (Sitchin)
2,900 BCE - Inanna attempts to seduce Gilgamesh, ruler of Uruk (Sitchin)
3,500 BCE - humanity regresses, pottery becomes simpler, stone utensils become predominant (Sitchin)
3,500 BCE - use of petroleum-based fuels begins in Sumeria (Sitchin)
3,800 BCE - textile and clothing industries begin in Mesopotamia (Sitchin)
4,000 BCE - Teshub, son of Anu, battles Ulli-Kummi, son of Kumarbi, just before the emergence of Sumeria (Sitchin)
5,000 BCE - clay and pottery objects are superb, fantastic (Sitchin)
7,500 BCE - New Stone Age / Neolithic begins with appearance of pottery (Sitchin)
9,500 BCE - humanity domesticates the dog, sheep and other animals (Sitchin)
11,000 BCE - a new version of ‘thinking’ Man appears and immediately begins farming, the Stone Age / Paleolithic ends, the Middle Stone Age / Mesolithic begins (Sitchin)
11,000 - 27,000 BCE - Cro-Magnon population dwindles and almost vanishes from the Near East region (Sitchin)
35,000 BCE - Homo Sapiens / Cro-Magnon people appear, they roam freely, wear animal-skin clothing and build stone homes, they live in the Near East, most prominently in Iran and Iraq (Sitchin)
100,000 BCE - Neanderthal man appears, their tools are ‘indistinguishable’ from Advanced Australopithecus (Sitchin)
285,000 BCE - another race of Homo Sapiens appears from Swanscombe, Steinheim and Montmaria, similar to Cro-Magnon but upsetting archeological assumptions (Sitchin)
500,000 BCE - Early humanity appears in Asia (Sitchin)
1,000,000 BCE - first appearance of Homo Erectus (Sitchin)
2,000,000 BCE - Advanced Australopithecus appears in Africa (Sitchin)
11,000,000 BCE - first ape-man with Homo genus appears (Sitchin)
14,000,000 BCE - manlike hominids appear in East Africa (Sitchin)
25,000,000 BCE - earliest date of Humanity’s ape ancestors (Sitchin)

#####

12th Planet Main Body Of Notes

Sitchin’s description of Cro-Magnon people: For millions of years, Man's tools had been simply stones of useful shapes. Cro-Magnon Man, however, made specialized tools and weapons of wood and bones. He was no longer a "naked ape," for he used skins for clothing. His society was organized; he lived in clans with a patriarchal hegemony. His cave drawings bespeak artistry and depth of feeling; his drawings and sculptures evidence some form of "religion," apparent in the worship of a Mother Goddess, who was sometimes depicted with the sign of the Moon's crescent. He buried his dead, and must therefore have had some philosophies regarding life, death, and perhaps even an afterlife.

Account of Cro-Magnon findings: One of these caves, Shanidar, is located in the northeastern part of the semiarc of civilization. Nowadays, fierce Kurdish tribesmen seek shelter in the area's caves for themselves and their flocks during the cold winter months. So it was, one wintry night 44,000 years ago, when a family of seven (one of whom was a baby) sought shelter in the cave of Shanidar.
Their remains—they were evidently crushed to death by a rockfall—were discovered in 1957 by a startled Ralph Solecki, who went to the area in search of evidence of early Man. What he found was more than he expected. As layer upon layer of debris was removed, it became apparent that the cave preserved a clear record of Man's habitation in the area from about 100,000 to some 13,000 years ago.

The variety of agriculture: Employing sophisticated methods of radiocarbon dating and plant genetics, many scholars from various fields of science concur in the conclusion that Man's first farming venture was the cultivation of wheat and barley, probably through the domestication of a wild variety of emmer. Assuming that, somehow, Man did undergo a gradual process of teaching himself how to domesticate, grow, and farm a wild plant, the scholars remain baffled by the profusion of other plants and cereals basic to human survival and advancement that kept coming out of the Near East. These included, in rapid succession, millet, rye, and spelt, among the edible cereals; flax, which provided fibers and edible oil; and a variety of fruit-bearing shrubs and trees.

Usage of stone: The name is appropriate only if one considers Man's principal raw material which continued to be stone. His dwellings in the mountainous areas were still built of stone; his communities were protected by stone walls; his first agricultural implement—the sickle—was made of stone. He honored or protected his dead by covering and adorning their graves with stones; and he used stone to make images of the supreme beings, or "gods," whose benign intervention he sought. One such image, found in northern Israel and dated to the ninth millennium B.C., shows the carved head of a "god" shielded by a striped helmet and wearing some kind of "goggles."

My notes: The reference to a stone image of a god wearing goggles is especially interesting. I’ll have to go into my old research notes for specifics, but similar small statues of figures wearing sunglasses or goggles have been found in Indian and Mayan or pre-Mayan digs.
Western man believes his civilization originated from Rome and Greece, but the Greeks say they drew from earlier sources such as Egypt. The Rosetta Stone proves the existence of great dynasties as far back as 5000 BCE, when Greece first ascended circa 2400 - 2500 BCE. However, while Greece was certainly influenced by Egypt, pre-Hellenic cultures such as the Minoans of Crete and the Mycenaeans of the Aegean Sea show influence not from Egypt, but from Syria and Anatolia.
Professor Cyrus H. Gordon shows that early Minoan was a Semitic language. In Minoan script called Linear A, the name of the island Crete is spelled Ke-re-ta. The Hebrew word Ke-re-et means ‘walled city.’ Further, the Hellenic alphabet originally came from the Near East through the Phoenician Kadmus. That’s where our modern English alphabet first came from.
Sitchin makes a good point that I’ve wondered about. Alexander the Macedonian defeated the Persians in 2331 BCE. The kings of the Persians were named Cyrus, Darius and Xerxes. Scholars believe these names are Indo-European and Aryan (‘lordly’). These people appeared from around the Caspian Sea about 4,000 BCE and spread west toward Asian Minor, east toward India, and south toward the Biblical ‘lands of the Medes and Parsees.’ My question is this, if the Israelites were the singularly ‘chosen’ people of god, why did they accept the assistance of supposed enemies such as Nebuchadnezzar from Babylon and a couple of Egyptian Pharaohs? In this case, we’re talking about King Cyrus, who was ‘anointed’ by Yahweh. Cyrus built the Temple in Jerusalem and called Yahweh ‘god of heaven.’
Sitchin gives insight into this when he writes that Cyrus and other Persian kings called themselves Achemenids. This is not an Aryan word but a Hebrew title meaning ‘Wise Man,’ giving more evidence to the idea that the Persians were also partly Semitic. Scholars ignore the similarities between the Hebrew deity Yahweh and the Persian deity Achaemenids, or ‘Wise Lord.’ Achaemenids is depicted as hovering in the sky within a ‘winged globe.’ For comparison, see the image of Ahura-Mazda in Persian Zoroastrianism and the Egyptian winged scarab representing Ra. It was later proven that inscriptions from Mesopotamia were Semitic and from a sister language to Hebrew.

Description of Assyrian capital: This capital of the Assyrian king had as its center a magnificent royal palace whose walls were lined with sculptured bas-reliefs, which, if placed end to end, would stretch for over a mile. Commanding the city and the royal compound was a step pyramid called a ziggurat; it served as a "stairway to Heaven" for the gods.
The layout of the city and the sculptures depicted a way of life on a grand scale. The palaces, temples, houses, stables, warehouses, walls, gates, columns, decorations, statues, artworks, towers, ramparts, terraces, gardens—all were completed in just five years. According to Georges Contenau (La Vie Quotidienne a Babylone et en Assyrie), "the imagination reels before the potential strength of an empire which could accomplish so much in such a short space of time," some 3,000 years ago.

Austen H. Layard started excavations at a site that turned out to be the Biblical Nineveh. Nineveh was the capital of Assyria during its last three rulers: Sennacherib, Esarhaddon and Ashurbanipal.

Now in the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah, Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the fortified cities of Judah and took them. (II Kings 18:13)

More evidence of Biblical and Mesopotamian accordance: The mounds where Nineveh was built by Sennacherib and Ashurbanipal revealed palaces, temples, and works of art that surpassed those of Sargon. The area where the remains of Esarhaddon's palaces are believed to lie cannot be excavated, for it is now the site of a Muslim mosque erected over the purported burial place of the prophet Jonah, who was swallowed by a whale when he refused to bring Yahweh's message to Nineveh.
Layard had read in ancient Greek records that an officer in Alexander's army saw a "place of pyramids and remains of an ancient city"—a city that was already buried in Alexander's time! Layard dug it up, too, and it turned out to be Nimrud, Assyria's military center. It was there that Shalmaneser II set up an obelisk to record his military expeditions and conquests. Now on exhibit at the British Museum, the obelisk lists, among the kings who were made to pay tribute, "Jehu, son of Omri, king of Israel."

About Assyrian and Babylonia cultural parallels: Though they were rivals throughout their history, one would be hard put to find any significant differences between Assyria and Babylonia in cultural or material matters. Even though Assyria called its chief deity Ashur ("all-seeing") and Babylonia hailed Marduk ("son of the pure mound"), the pantheons were otherwise virtually alike.

Many of the world's museums count among their prize exhibits the ceremonial gates, winged bulls, bas-reliefs, chariots, tools, utensils, jewelry, statues, and other objects made of every conceivable material that have been dug out of the mounds of Assyria and Babylonia. But the true treasures of these kingdoms were their written records: thousands upon thousands of inscriptions in the cuneiform script, including cosmological tales, epic poems, histories of kings, temple records, commercial contracts, marriage and divorce records, astronomical tables, astrological forecasts, mathematical formulas, geographic lists, grammar and vocabulary school texts, and, not least of all, texts dealing with the names, genealogies, epithets, deeds, powers, and duties of the gods.
The common language that formed the cultural, historical, and religious bond between Assyria and Babylonia was Akkadian. It was the first known Semitic language, akin to but predating Hebrew, Aramaic, Phoenician, and Canaanite. The Assyrians and Babylonians laid no claim to having invented the language or its script; indeed, many of their tablets bore the postscript that they had been copied from earlier originals.

Origins of Akkadian language: The ruins of Mesopotamia have provided conclusive evidence that once upon a time there indeed existed a kingdom by the name of Akkad, established by a much earlier ruler, who called himself a sharrukin ("righteous ruler"). He claimed in his inscriptions that his empire stretched, by the grace of his god Enlil, from the Lower Sea (the Persian Gulf) to the Upper Sea (believed to be the Mediterranean). He boasted that "at the wharf of Akkad, he made moor ships" from many distant lands.

So, what can we tie together so far? We have a number of Semitic languages that developed at around the same time Hebrew did. One of these languages came before Hebrew, and that was Akkadian. Note that the ruler of Akkadia ruled by the grace of his god Enlil, and there you have a connection between Enlil and the Biblical Yahweh. You did catch the cultural similarities between Akkadia, Assyria, Babylon and Persia, right? Now it makes more sense how Babylon’s Nebuchadnezzar and Persia’s Cyrus were understood to believe in the same god the Bible’s Hebrews did.
Akkad has been discovered and we learn that its first ruler was Sargon of Akkad, who had the title King of Akkad, King of Kish. Before he became king of Akkad, Sargon was called a ‘counselor to the rulers of Kish.’ This caused scholars to wonder if there really was a place called Kish.

And Cush begot Nimrod; he began to be a mighty one on the earth... And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. (Genesis 10: 8,10)

Other scholars have made this connection before that the Biblical person Cush first populated a land called Kish. This means that the Biblical Nimrod was actually Sargon of Akkad. Further, the Biblical Erech was shown to be Uruk in Sargon’s time. The Ur of the Bible matches up with Ur of Sargon, which is the birthplace of the patriarch Abraham.
After more digging, it was discovered that Akkadian evolved from an earlier language. This led archeologists to discover Sumer / Sumeria, also called Simmer, and in the Bible Shinar. Without the research done into ancient Assyria and Babylonia, according to Sitchin we would still not be able to decipher Sumerian even today.
French archeologists excavated the site of Lagash in 1877. Their ruler was titled En.Si, or ‘righteous ruler.’ Their dynasty began in 2900 BCE, and lasted for 650 years. The names, genealogies and lengths of rulership for forty-three ensis are recorded without interruption. The ruler Eannatum left an inscription on clay brick clearly stating rulers could only assume the throne with the permission of the gods.

Description of temple and fortress: Eannatum's successor, Entemena, wrote of building a temple and adorning it with gold and silver, planting gardens, enlarging brick-lined wells. He boasted of building a fortress with watchtowers and facilities for docking ships.

Gudea was a ruler who had a large number of statues of himself made, showing him in a votive stance, praying to his god Ningirsu. Gudea acquired a large number of building materials: His many inscriptions reveal that, in the search for exquisite building materials, he obtained gold from Africa and Anatolia, silver from the Taurus Mountains, cedars from Lebanon, other rare woods from Ararat, copper from the Zagros range, diorite from Egypt, carnelian from Ethiopia, and other materials from lands as yet unidentified by scholars.
Sitchin compares this to the god of the Bible interacting with key characters. The Lord provided Moses with detailed instructions on how to build a ‘residence.’ The Lord gave King Solomon wisdom on how to build the First Temple in Jerusalem. Ezekiel was shown detailed plans for the Second Temple. Un-Nammu, ruler of Ur, was given a measuring rod and rolled string by the Lord, for when he was assigned to build a temple. Note that other historical figures, such as Saul / Paul in the New Testament, Ahkenaten from Egypt, and even Joseph Smith, founder of the Mormons, also claimed similar visitations from deities and angelic figures.

The gods tell Gudea to build a temple: Twelve hundred years before Moses, Gudea made the same claim. The instructions, he recorded in one very long inscription, were given to him in a vision. "A man that shone like the heaven," by whose side stood "a divine bird," "commanded me to build his temple." This "man," who "from the crown on his head was obviously a god," was later identified as the god Ningirsu. With him was a goddess who "held the tablet of her favorable star of the heavens"; her other hand "held a holy stylus," with which she indicated to Gudea "the favorable planet." A third man, also a god, held in his hand a tablet of precious stone; "the plan of a temple it contained." One of Gudea's statues shows him seated, with this tablet on his knees; on the tablet the divine drawing can clearly be seen.

Simply building one of these large temples and ziggurats may have spurred the advancement of the sciences: mathematics, construction methods, materials gathering, logistics, etc. Sumerians also printed by using movable type in the form of rubber stamps, and a rotary press from cylinder seals. Sumerian mathematics revolved around base number ten multiplied by celestial number 6. We still use this today in the 360 degree circle and the foot with its twelve inches.
Sumerians invented reinforced clay bricks by mixing them with chopped reeds or straws, and kilns for firing bricks. Mesopotamia also gave us the working of copper with other metals, resulting in bronze and beginning the Bronze Age. The first form of money was the silver shekel, or ‘weighed ingot.’
Mesopotamia lacked metal ores, but they had plenty of fuel for kilns, resulting in ores being imported from afar. These fuels included bitumen and asphalts, petroleum products that naturally seep up to the surface. Mesopotamia dominated in this area from the earliest times (circa 3500 BCE) until the Roman era began. Sumerians also used petroleum products for building roads, waterproofing, caulking, painting, cementing, molding and even medicine.
To keep things simple for myself, I’m going to add notes pertaining to specific areas of the book. For example, descriptions of Sumerian medicines and healing techniques begin on page 37. This is interesting stuff, including removing cataracts, brain surgery, enemas and the serpent on the tree medical symbol we are still using today.
The textile and clothing industries commenced in Mesopotamia circa 3800 BCE. This is covered in the book beginning on page 39. Sumerian clothing was apparently very valuable:

And Achan answered Joshua and said, "Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done: When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonian garment and two hundred shekels of silver and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them and took them; and behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent and the silver under it." - Joshua 7:20,21, with the name Babylon originally reading Shinar or Sumeria
And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver and the garment and the wedge of gold, and his sons and his daughters, and his oxen and his asses and his sheep, and his tent and all that he had; and they brought them unto the Valley of Achor. And Joshua said, "Why hast thou troubled us? The LORD shall trouble thee this day." And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire after they had stoned them with stones. - Joshua 7:24,25 Ah, those Abrahamic gods of love, peace and tolerance. Lesson: don’t screw with Yahweh / Enlil!

The basic Sumerian garment was called Tug, probably later becoming the Roman Toga. Tug.Tu.She was a garment worn ‘strapped around.’ Sumerians showed a variety of clothing, and also diversity in hairstyles, headdresses and jewelry.
Sumerian agriculture is discussed starting on page 40. Sumerians ate onions, lentils, beans, cucumbers, cabbage and lettuce. They made bread, porridges, pastries, cakes and biscuits. Barley was fermented into beer. Wine was made from grapes and date palms. Milk was obtained from sheep, goats and cows. It was used for drinking, cooking and made into yogurt, butter, cream and cheeses. Fish, mutton and pig were common. Geese and ducks were reserved for the tables of the gods.

Mesopotamian cuisine: The ancient texts leave no doubt that the haute cuisine of ancient Mesopotamia developed in the temples and in the service of the gods. One text prescribed the offering to the gods of "loaves of barley bread ... loaves of emmer bread; a paste of honey and cream; dates, pastry ... beer, wine, milk ... cedar sap, cream." Roasted meat was offered with libations of "prime beer, wine, and milk." A specific cut of a bull was prepared according to a strict recipe, calling for "fine flour ... made to a dough in water, prime beer, and wine," and mixed with animal fats, "aromatic ingredients made from hearts of plants," nuts, malt, and spices. Instructions for "the daily sacrifice to the gods of the city of Uruk" called for the serving of five different beverages with the meals, and specified what "the millers in the kitchen" and "the chef working at the kneading trough" should do.

Transportation over water by using ships and by using wheeled vehicles is described beginning on page 41. Education begins on page 43.
This is an interesting annotation from page 44: Apparently, Erech / Uruk was having trouble with Kish. Envoys from Kish arrived in Erech, hoping for a peaceful, diplomatic solution to the strife. The ruler of Erech at the time was Gilgamesh, whom historians assure us was a mythical figure. Erech’s Assembly of Elders wanted negotiations, but Gilgamesh went to rile up the younger Assembly of Fighting Men, who voted for war. The fascinating bit is that Erech seems to have had a form of bicameral congress.
Law is discussed starting on page 45.
Hammurabi of Babylon is usually credited with creating the first code of laws. However, figures before Hammurabi’s time had already done this. A Sumerian ruler in Eshnunna set maximum prices for food and wagon, boat rentals, among other things. Earlier than this, Lipit-Isthar of Isin enacted a code of 38 laws dealing with real estate, slaves, servants, marriage and inheritance. Lipit-Ishtar, the same as Hammurabi, explained he was acting on the instructions of the ‘great gods.’ Before this, Umammu, ruler of Ur around 2350 BCE, under the authority of the god Nannar, sought to punish ‘the grabbers of the citizens’ oxen, sheep and donkeys’ so ‘the orphan shall not fall prey to the wealthy, the widow shall not fall prey to the powerful, the man of one shekel shall not fall prey to the man of 60 shekels.’ Umammu also standardized weights and measures. Even as far back as 2600 BCE, institutional reforms were necessary, showing the Sumerian legal system was already in use, mentioning abuses of power and price-gouging by monopolies.
In the Sumerian justice system, three or four judges made up a court. One was a ‘royal’ judge, while the others were drawn from a panel of 36 men. The Sumerians were concerned with justice, believing the gods appointed rulers or kings to assure justice in the land. This contrasts with Babylonian law that focused on rules and regulations. Also, Hebrews were similarly governed by judges, during the period when they didn’t even have kings. Hebrew kings were judged for doing the ‘righteous’ thing, as seen in how King Solomon dealt with disputes in the Bible.
The Jewish New Year mark a 10-year period where a man’s deeds are weighed and evaluated to determine their fate for the coming year. The Sumerians believed their deity Nanshe judged Mankind every year in the same way.
Sumerian music is discussed starting on page 48.
Greek music, and evolving into all Western music that came after, first originated in Mesopotamia. Sumeria was the source for Western music’s structure and harmonic composition.

Archeological findings: After excavating at Lagash, the archaeologist's spade uncovered Nippur, the onetime religious center of Sumer and Akkad. Of the 30,000 texts found there, many remain unstudied to this day. At Shuruppak, schoolhouses dating to the third millennium B.C. were found. At Ur, scholars found magnificent vases, jewelry, weapons, chariots, helmets made of gold, silver, copper, and bronze, the remains of a weaving factory, court records—and a towering ziggurat whose ruins still dominate the landscape. At Eshnunna and Adab the archaeologists found temples and artful statues from pre-Sargonic times. Umma produced inscriptions speaking of early empires. At Kish monumental buildings and a ziggurat from at least 3000 B.C. were unearthed.
Uruk (Erech) took the archaeologists back into the fourth millennium B.C. There they found the first colored pottery baked in a kiln, and evidence of the first use of a potter's wheel. A pavement of limestone blocks is the oldest stone construction found to date. At Uruk the archaeologists also found the first ziggurat—a vast man-made mound, on top of which stood a white temple and a red temple. The world's first inscribed texts were also found there, as well as the first cylinder seals.
In 1919, H. R. Hall came upon ancient ruins at a village now called El-Ubaid. The site gave its name to what scholars now consider the first phase of the great Sumerian civilization. Sumerian cities of that period—ranging from northern Mesopotamia to the southern Zagros foothills-produced the first use of clay bricks, plastered walls, mosaic decorations, cemeteries with brick-lined graves, painted and decorated ceramic wares with geometric designs, copper mirrors, beads of imported turquoise, paint for eyelids, copper-headed "tomahawks," cloth, houses, and, above all, monumental temple buildings.
Farther south, the archaeologists found Eridu - the first Sumerian city, according to ancient texts. As the excavators dug deeper, they came upon a temple dedicated to Enki, Sumer's God of Knowledge, which appeared to have been built and rebuilt many times over. The strata clearly led the scholars back to the beginnings of Sumerian civilization: 2500 B.C., 2800 B.C., 3000 B.C., 3500 B.C.
Then the spades came upon the foundations of the first temple dedicated to Enki. Below that, there was virgin soil-nothing had been built before. The time was circa 3800 B.C. That is when civilization began.

Map showing the location of Sumerian cities found on page 52.
An overview of the Greek pantheon of gods begins on page 54. First there was Chaos, according to the Greeks. Gaea / Earth and Uranus / the heavens appeared. They brought forth 12 Titans, six male and six female. Cronus became the principal figure, rising to supremacy after castrating his father Uranus. Cronus went on to imprison and banish his siblings. His mother Gaea cursed him into suffering the same fate as his father; his own sons would dethrone him.
Cronus consorted with his sister Rhea, who bore him 3 sons and 3 daughters: sons Hades, Poseidon, Zeus, daughters Hestia, Demeter, Hera. Zeus went on to overthrow Cronus. For years, battles took place between the gods and monstrous beings. The decisive battle was between Zeus and Typhon, a serpent-like deity. The final battle took place at Mount Casius, near the boundary between Egypt and Arabia, possibly on the Sinai Peninsular. This intrigues me; the idea that ancient peoples knew where and when these supposedly ‘mythological’ battles took place. When the war was won, Zeus took the skies, Hades was given the Lower World and Poseidon was given mastery of the seas.
The domain of Hades was somewhere ‘far below,’ not signifying Hell as we might think today. His territory encompassed marshlands, desolate areas and lands watered by mighty rivers. Hades was ‘unseen,’ aloof, forbidding, stern, not moved by prayer or sacrifice. Poseidon held a trident and ruled the seas. He was also master of metallurgy and sculpting, and a magician or conjurer. Zeus was considered strict with humanity, at one time scheming to annihilate us. Poseidon was considered a friend of humanity who would go to great lengths to gain the praise of mortals.

Genealogies of the gods: (I did copy and paste a lot of this, as most Greek and Roman mythologies don’t have such a good condensed version.) The male and female deities fathered by Zeus were mothered by different goddesses. Consorting at first with a goddess named Metis, Zeus had born to him a daughter, the great goddess Athena. She was in charge of common sense and handiwork, and was thus the Goddess of Wisdom. But as the only major deity to have stayed with Zeus during his combat with Typhon (all the other gods had fled), Athena acquired martial qualities and was also the Goddess of War. She was the "perfect maiden" and became no one's wife; but some tales link her frequently with her uncle Poseidon, and though his official consort was the goddess who was the Lady of the Labyrinth from the island of Crete, his niece Athena was his mistress.
Zeus then consorted with other goddesses, but their children did not qualify for the Olympian Circle. When Zeus got around to the serious business of producing a male heir, he turned to one of his own sisters. The eldest was Hestia. She was, by all accounts, a recluse—perhaps too old or too sick to be the object of matrimonial activities—and Zeus needed little excuse to turn his attentions to Demeter, the middle sister, the Goddess of Fruitfulness. But, instead of a son, she bore him a daughter, Persephone, who became wife to her uncle Hades and shared his dominion over the Lower WorId.
Disappointed that no son was born, Zeus turned to other goddesses for comfort and love. Of Harmonia he had nine daughters. Then Leto bore him a daughter and a son, Artemis and Apollo, who were at once drawn into the group of major deities.
Apollo, as firstborn son of Zeus, was one of the greatest gods of the Hellenic pantheon, feared by men and gods alike. He was the interpreter to mortals of the will of his father Zeus, and thus the authority in matters of religious law and temple worship. Representing moral and divine laws, he stood for purification and perfection, both spiritual and physical.
Zeus's second son, born of the goddess Maia, was Hermes, patron of shepherds, guardian of the flocks and herds. Less important and powerful than his brother Apollo, he was closer to human affairs; any stroke of good luck was attributed to him. As Giver of Good Things, he was the deity in charge of commerce, patron of merchants and travelers. But his main role in myth and epic was as herald of Zeus, Messenger of the Gods.
Impelled by certain dynastic traditions, Zeus still required a son by one of his sisters—and he turned to the youngest, Hera. Marrying her in the rites of a Sacred Marriage, Zeus proclaimed her Queen of the Gods, the Mother Goddess. Their marriage was blessed by a son, Ares, and two daughters, but rocked by constant infidelities on the part of Zeus, as well as a rumored infidelity on the part of Hera, which cast doubt on the true parentage of another son, Hephaestus.
Ares was at once incorporated into the Olympian Circle of twelve major gods and was made Zeus's chief lieutenant, a God of War. He was depicted as the Spirit of Carnage; yet he was far from being invincible—fighting at the battle of Troy, on the side of the Trojans, he suffered a wound which only Zeus could heal.
Hephaestus, on the other hand, had to fight his way into the Olympian summit. He was a God of Creativity; to him was attributed the fire of the forge and the art of metallurgy. He was a divine artificer, maker of both practical and magical objects for men and gods. The legends say that he was born lame and was therefore cast away in anger by his mother Hera. Another and more believable version has it that it was Zeus who banished Hephaestus—because of the doubt regarding his parentage—but Hephaestus used his magically creative powers to force Zeus to give him a seat among the Great Gods.
The legends also relate that Hephaestus once made an invisible net that would close over his wife's bed if it were warmed by an intruding lover. He may have needed such protection, for his wife and consort was Aphrodite, Goddess of Love and Beauty. It was only natural that many tales of love affairs would build up around her; in many of these the seducer was Ares, brother of Hephaestus. (One of the offspring of that illicit love affair was Eros, the God of Love.)
Aphrodite was included in the Olympian Circle of Twelve, and the circumstances of her inclusion shed light on our subject. She was neither a sister of Zeus nor his daughter, yet she could not be ignored. She had come from the Asian shores of the Mediterranean facing Greece (according to the Greek poet Hesiod, she arrived by way of Cyprus); and, claiming great antiquity, she ascribed her origin to the genitals of Uranus. She was thus genealogically one generation ahead of Zeus, being (so to say) a sister of his father, and the embodiment of the castrated Forefather of the Gods.
Aphrodite, then, had to be included among the Olympian gods. But their total number, twelve, apparently could not be exceeded. The solution was ingenious: Add one by dropping one. Since Hades was given domain over the Lower World and did not remain among the Great Gods on Mount Olympus, a vacancy was created, admirably handy for seating Aphrodite in the exclusive Circle of Twelve.
It also appears that the number twelve was a requirement that worked both ways: There could be no more than twelve Olympians, but no fewer than twelve, either. This becomes evident through the circumstances that led to the inclusion of Dionysus in the Olympian Circle. He was a son of Zeus, born when Zeus impregnated his own daughter, Semele. Dionysus, who had to be hidden from Hera's wrath, was sent to far-off lands (reaching even India), introducing vine growing and wine making wherever he went. In the meantime, a vacancy became available on Olympus. Hestia, the oldest sister of Zeus, weaker and older, was dropped entirely from the Circle of Twelve. Dionysus then returned to Greece and was allowed to fill the vacancy. Once again, there were twelve Olympians.
The Latin names of the Great Gods, given them when the Romans adopted the Greek pantheon, clarify their astral associations: Gaea was Earth; Hermes, Mercury; Aphrodite, Venus; Ares, Mars; Cronus, Saturn; and Zeus, Jupiter. Continuing the Greek tradition, the Romans envisaged Jupiter as a thundering god whose weapon was the lightning bolt; like the Greeks, the Romans associated him with the bull.

The foundations for the Greek civilization were laid on the island of Crete. The Minoan culture flourished from 2700 BCE to 1400 BCE. (That’s a long time! Compare that to people who say Rome was the greatest civilization in history because it lasted for one thousand years.) In Greek mythology, the Minotaur was the offspring of Pasiphae, the wife of King Minos, and a bull. Archeology confirms the Minoans worshiped the bull and an unidentified star or planet depicted by a cross symbol. Speculation is that the Minoans really worshiped the Celestial Bull, or the constellation Taurus, commemorating events that took place during Sol’s spring equinox of around 4,000 BCE.
By tradition, Zeus arrived on Greece via Crete, fleeing after he kidnapped Europa, the beautiful daughter of the king of Tyre in Phoenicia. Corroborating this idea, the earliest Minoan script was shown to be a Semitic dialect from the shores of the Eastern Mediterranean. The Greeks never claimed the Olympian gods came to them directly from the heavens. Zeus came from across the Mediterranean. Aphrodite came by sea from the Near East, via Cyprus. Poseidon brought the horse with him from Asia Minor. Athena brought the olive from the Biblical lands. Therefore, the Greek pantheon originated in the Near East.
Discussion of Hinduism begins on page 60. Hinduism considers the Vedas to be written by the gods and not of human origin. They were written in pre-Sanskrit. Scholars have noted similarities between the Hindu and Greek pantheons.

Hindu mythology: In primeval times, the Rishis ("primeval flowing ones") "flowed" celestially, possessed of irresistible powers. Of them, seven were the Great Progenitors. The gods Rahu ("demon") and Ketu ("disconnected") were once a single celestial body that sought to join the gods without permission; but the God of Storms hurled his flaming weapon at him, cutting him into two parts—Rahu, the "Dragon's Head," which unceasingly traverses the heavens in search of vengeance, and Ketu, the "Dragon's Tail." Mar-Ishi, the progenitor of the Solar Dynasty, gave birth to Kash-Yapa ("he who is the throne"). The Vedas describe him as having been quite prolific; but the dynastic succession was continued only through his ten children by Prit-Hivi ("heavenly mother").
As dynastic head, Kash-Yapa was also chief of the devas ("shining ones") and bore the title Dyaus-Pitar ("shining father"). Together with his consort and ten children, the divine family made up the twelve Adityas, gods who were each assigned a sign of the zodiac and a celestial body. Kash-Yapa's celestial body was "the shining star"; Prit-Hivi represented Earth. Then there were the gods whose celestial counterparts included the Sun, the Moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, and Saturn.
In time, the leadership of the pantheon of twelve passed to Varuna, the God of the Heavenly Expanse. He was omnipresent and all-seeing...
His reign also came sooner or later to an end. Indra, the god who slew the celestial "Dragon," claimed the throne by slaying his father. He was the new Lord of the Skies and God of Storms. Lightning and thunder were his weapons, and his epithet was Lord of Hosts. He had, however, to share dominion with his two brothers. One was Vivashvat, who was the progenitor of Manu, the first Man. The other was Agni ("igniter"), who brought fire down to Earth from the heavens, so that Mankind could use it industrially.
The similarities between the Vedic and Greek pantheons are obvious. The tales concerning the principal deities, as well as the verses dealing with a multitude of other lesser deities-sons, wives, daughters, mistresses—are clearly duplicates (or originals?) of the Greek tales. There is no doubt that Dyaus came to mean Zeus; Dyaus—Pitar, Jupiter; Varuna, Uranus; and so on. And, in both instances, the Circle of the Great Gods always stood at twelve, no matter what changes took place in the divine succession.
Scholars believe that sometime in the second millennium B.C. a people speaking an Indo-European language, and centered in northern Iran or the Caucasus area, embarked on great migrations. One group went southeast, to India. The Hindus called them Aryans ("noble men"). They brought with them the Vedas as oral tales, circa 1,500 B.C. Another wave of this Indo-European migration went westward, to Europe. Some circled the Black Sea and arrived in Europe via the steppes of Russia. But the main route by which these people and their traditions and religion reached Greece was the shortest one: Asia Minor. Some of the most ancient Greek cities, in fact, lie not on the Greek mainland but at the western tip of Asia Minor.

The region in question might be Anatolia, a location the Bible tells us was inhabited by the Hittites. Excavation work in that region has unearthed Hittite cities, palaces, royal treasures, tombs, temples, religious objects, tools, weapons, and artwork. At the site of Yazilikaya, an open-air gallery depicts the Hittite gods in procession. They are arranged in companies of twelve. The Hittite king stands under the emblem of a Winged Disk. As we’ve seen previously, the Great Gods on Earth were associated with 12 celestial bodies. The great or olden gods were originally of the heavens, with their divine symbol looking like a pair of eye goggles.
The Hittites also worshiped the bull. Their god Teshub or Taru (bull) is depicted as god of thunder and lightning, mounted on a bull. The mythological story behind Teshub consolidating his supremacy has him ‘Slaying The Dragon,’ or the god Yanka. Teshub is unable to beat Yanka at first. He appeals to the other gods for help, but none come to give him assistance save for one goddess. Yanka is defeated when his adversaries get him drunk at a party, strangely enough. Yanka means ‘serpent.’ For parallels we have the myth of Saint George defeating the Dragon, and Zeus battling a serpent god. Also, note how a goddess assists Teshub against Yanka, the dragon, the way Athena assisted Zeus against the serpent-like Typhon.
The Hittite epic tale Kingship In Heaven refers to 12 mighty olden gods who were both from heaven and Earth.
A poignant tale, from page 68:

Formerly, in the olden days, Alalu was king in Heaven;
He, Alalu, was seated on the throne.
Mighty Anu, the first among the gods, stood before him,
Bowed at his feet, set the drinking cup in his hand.
For nine counted periods, Alalu was king in Heaven.
In the ninth period, Anu gave battle against Alalu.
Alalu was defeated, he fled before Anu—
He descended to the dark-hued Earth.
Down to the dark-hued Earth he went;
On the throne sat Anu.

In short, Alalu was deposed from his throne in the heavens. He fled to dark-hued Earth. Anu defeated Alalu. Later, Kumarbi, possibly Anu’s own brother, defeated Anu. This predates the account of Uranus defeated by Cronus, and Cronus defeated by Zeus by one thousand years. Remember how Zeus castrated his defeated father Cronus:

For nine counted periods Anu was king in Heaven;
In the ninth period, Anu had to do battle with Kumarbi.
Anu slipped out of Kumarbi's hold and fled—
Flee did Anu, rising up to the sky.
After him Kumarbi rushed, seized him by his feet;
He pulled him down from the skies.
He bit his loins; and the "Manhood" of Anu
with the insides of Kumarbi combined, fused as bronze.

Anu escapes to the heavens, leaving Kumarbi in control of Earth. Meanwhile, Anu’s ‘manhood’ produces several deities inside of Kumarbi. Kumarbi is forced to release them and one of these was Teshub, the chief Hittite deity. Remember that in Greek mythology, Zeus forced Cronus to vomit up his brothers and sisters.
Anu hid out in Kummiya, a ‘heavenly abode.’  The victorious Kumarbi heard that Anu had an heir, and decided to raise his own rival to the God of Storms. Kumarbi went to the abode of the Lady of the Great Mountain. He took her five times, and ten times. The Lady of the Great Mountain bore a son named Ulli-Kummi (suppressor of Kummiya, where Teshub lived). This was shaping up to be a tremendous battle between the son of Anu and the son of Kumarbi. Sitchin speculates that it might have taken place circa 4000 BCE, just before the emergence of Sumeria.
The battle appears to be inconclusive. At one point, Teshub’s wife Hebat attempts suicide over the conflict. Finally, the olden gods Enlil and Ea (Enki) are called upon to produce the ‘old tablets with the words of destiny,’ possibly rules regarding divine succession. This tact doesn’t work either. Enlil encourages another battle and brings out the big guns:

Open ye the ancient storehouses
Of the fathers and the forefathers!
Bring forth the Olden Copper lance
With which Heaven was separated from Earth;
And let them sever the feet of Ulli-kummi.

All of these names from the Hittite pantheon are Sumerian. Some of the locations named were Sumerian sites. In other words, the Hittites worshiped Sumerian gods. Many Hittite words were derived from or duplicates of Sumerian.
Details on the Hurrians begin on page 71. Notable details include how the Hurrians were also known as the Hurri and possibly the Har or Harri. These last two sound a lot like Ary or Aryan, and in fact many of their gods were invoked by their Vedic Aryan names. Their kings had Indo-European names and their military and cavalry terms also came from Indo-European origins. Researcher B. Hrozny called the Hurrians the ‘oldest Hindus.” Aryan origins, Hittite worship and Hurrian sources are encapsulated in the following prayer from a Hittite woman for the life of her sick husband. The prayer is addressed to Hebat, wife of Teshub:

Oh goddess of the Rising Disc of Arynna,
My Lady, Mistress of the Hatti Lands,
Queen of Heaven and Earth....
In the Hatti country, thy name is
"Goddess of the Rising Disc of Arynna";
But in the land that thou madest,
In the Cedar Land,
Thou bearest the name "Hebat."

Hurrians may have managed the garment industry for Sumeria. The renowned merchants of Ur were probably Hurrians.
During the 13th century BCE, under pressure from the Israelites thrust from Egypt to Canaan, the Hurrians retreated to the northeast portion of their kingdom. They established their capital near Lake Van, calling their kingdom Urartu (also Ararat). They worshiped a pantheon headed by Tesheba / Teshub, depicting him as a vigorous god wearing a horned cap and standing on his symbol the bull. They called their main shrine Bitanu Chosue of Anu.
Discussion on the Canaanites begins on page 74. Very little was known about the Canaanites until the discovery of the ancient city of Ugarit. It lies on the Syrian coast on what is today called Ras Shamra. Canaanite language is called West Semitic, a branch that includes early Akkadian and present-day Hebrew. People who can read modern Hebrew can follow Canaanite descriptions. The script is the same as Israelite Hebrew.
The Canaanite pantheon is headed by the supreme deity El, meaning lofty deity. His title was Ab Adam, or ‘father of man.’ His epithets included the Kindly and the Merciful. El alone could bestow kingship. Canaanites depicted El as a sage, elder deity who stayed away from human affairs. His abode was at the headwaters of the Tigris and Euphrates. He would sit on his throne, receive emissaries and contemplate the problems and disputes other gods brought before him. On a Palestinian stela, the elderly deity sitting on a throne is given a beverage by a younger deity, wears a conical headdress with horns, in a scene dominated by the symbol of a winged star. Most scholars believe the figure on the stela represents El.
Another of El’s epithets is Tor, meaning bull, signifying his sexual prowess and his role as Father of the Gods. (Remember the philandering Zeus?) In the Canaanite poem Birth of the Gracious Gods, El is placed at the seashore, probably naked, where two women were charmed by the size of his penis. While a bird is roasting nearby, El has sex with both women and gives birth to Shahar (dawn) and Shalem (dusk).
El’s principal son was Baal, which is both a personal name and a general term for Lord. El and Baal were both storm gods, gods of thunder and lightning. Baal was also called Hadad (sharp one). His weapons were the battle axe and lightning spear, his cult animal was a bull (like El’s), and he wore a conical headdress adorned with a pair of horns (like El).
Baal was called Elyon (supreme), or heir apparent. For that title, he had to struggle with his brothers Yam (prince of the sea) and Mot (the smiter). In a Canaanite poem, a Master Craftsman (Master Mason?) is ordered by El to erect a palace for Yam. This is to be the mark of Yam’s rise to power. Yam expects Baal to surrender to him. El and the other gods accept this. With the help of two divine weapons, Baal defeats Yam. Next, Mot comes along to challenge Baal. Baal was vanquished at first. His sister Anat refused to accept this and ‘seized Mot... with a blade she cleaved him.’ The death of Mot led to the resurrection of Baal. Most scholars interpret this as allegory for the changing seasons, while Sitchin believes the poem relates true events over how the sons of the chief deity fought among themselves. Anat stood by her brother Baal during his life and death struggle with Mot, just as Athena stood by Zeus when he battled Typhon. Anat had the epithet ‘the Maiden Anat,’ as Athena was called ‘the perfect maiden.’ Athena had many affairs, and so did Anat, even with her brother Baal:

He seizes and holds her womb. . ..
She seizes and holds his "stones." . ..
The maiden Anat . . . is made to conceive and bear.

More parallels between the Canaanite and Greek pantheons:
Canaanite - Greek
Ashera - Hera
Astarte - Aphrodite (also Biblical Ashtoreth)
Athtar (Astarte’s consort) - Ares (Aphrodite’s brother)

According to Sitchin, the Biblical word Ham means hot, which might ruffle the feathers of many who believe Ham stands for dark-skinned or black. Hamitic peoples were ‘brothers of the Egyptians,’ and again, this might perturb those who assume the early Egyptians were Nubians. Several researchers have challenged this idea. They claim the early Pharaohs were not dark-skinned, but potentially could have been the ancestors of the modern Irish people. Arguments can be made both ways, so let me defer that discussion for another time.
Discussion on Egyptian mythology begins on page 79. The number 60 governed Egyptian affairs. Celestial matters were subject to the divine number 12. The heavens were divided into three parts of twelve celestial bodies each. The after-world was divided into twelve parts. Day and night were divided into 12 hours. Each division was paralleled by ‘companies’ of gods, consisting of 12 gods each.
Ra (creator) presided over an Assembly of Gods numbering 12. He brought forth Geb (Earth) and Nut (Sky). He caused plants to grow, the creeping creatures and finally created Man. Ra’s manifestation was Aten, the Celestial Disc or Winged Globe.
The first rulers of Egypt were the gods, and the first god to rule was Ra. He divided his kingdom, giving Lower Egypt to Osiris and Upper Egypt to Seth. Seth schemed to overthrow Osiris, eventually drowning his brother. Isis, sister and wife of Osiris, retrieved her mutilated husband and resurrected him. Afterwards, Osiris went through ‘the secret gates’ and joined Ra on his celestial path. The place of Osiris on the Egyptian throne was taken over by his son Horus. Horus is depicted as a winged and horned deity.
Ra was the loftiest god in the heavens, but on Earth he was the son of Ptah (developer). Egyptians believed Ptah rose the land of Egypt from the floodwaters by building dikes at the point where the Nile rises. Ptah did not originate in Egypt; he came from elsewhere. He established Egypt as well as ‘the mountain and the far foreign land.’ All olden gods came by boat from the south. Prehistoric rock drawings show the olden gods wearing horned headdresses and arriving to Egypt by boat.
The only sea route approaching Egypt from the south is the Red Sea. The Egyptian name for this sea is Sea of Ur. In Hieroglyphs, the sign for Ur means ‘the far foreign (land) in the east.’ It may have referred to Sumerian Ur that lies in that direction.
The Egyptian word for ‘divine being’ or ‘god’ is NTR. This means ‘one who watches.’ The name Shumer means the land of the ‘ones who watch.’ Civilization did not begin with Egypt, but with Sumeria a thousand and a half years before. Egypt drew its culture, architecture, technology, art of writing and more from Sumeria. Egyptian gods also originated in Sumeria.
The Hittites to the north, the Hurrians to the northeast, the Egyptians to the south and the Canaanites all drew their cosmogony, deities and legendary tales from elsewhere. Their direct contacts with the Sumerian source were the Amorites.
The discussion on the Amorites begins on page 82. The land of the Amorites lay between Mesopotamia and the Mediterranean lands of western Asia. The Amorite name comes from the Akkadian Amurru and the Sumerian Martu (westerners). They were treated as related people who dwelled in western Sumeria and Akkad.
In the 1930s, archeologists found the capital city of the Amorites, known as Mari. The location is a bend in the Euphrates the Syrian border cuts across today. The city was constantly rebuilt between 3000 and 2000 BCE, with foundations dating centuries earlier. The earliest remains contain temples to Sumerian gods Inanna, Ninhursag and Enlil.

About the Mari palace: The palace of Mari alone occupied some five acres and included a throne room painted with most striking murals, three hundred various rooms, scribal chambers, and (most important to the historian) well over twenty thousand tablets in the cuneiform script, dealing with the economy, trade, politics, and social life of those times, with state and military matters, and, of course, with the religion of the land and its people. One of the wall paintings at the great palace of Mari depicts the investiture of the king Zimri-Lim by the goddess Inanna (whom the Amorites called Ishtar).
The chief Amorite god was the weather or storm god Adad, equivalent to Canaanite Baal or Hadad. His symbol was forked lightning. In Canaanite, Baal is often called Son Of Dagon. Similarly, Mari texts speak of an older deity named Dagan, or Lord of Abundance, who, like El, is a retired deity. Other members of the pantheon include the Moon god Yerah (Canaanite) or Sin (Akkadian) or Nannar (Sumerian) and the Sun god Shamash. Mari was a bridge between the people of the eastern Mediterranean and the earlier Mesopotamian sources.

In-depth study of Sumeria begins on page 85. Note that some gods never set foot on Earth, such as Apsu, Tiamat, Anshar and Kishar. Sitchin interprets these to be celestial bodies in our solar system. The ‘olden gods’ came to Earth from the heavens. An or Anu was the Great Father and King of the Gods. An stands for 4 different ideas:
An = Star = Heavens = God
From 4,000 BCE to the time of Christ, an eight-pointed star symbol before a name meant that person was a god. Anu lived in the heavens, in a palace whose portals were guarded by the Tree of Truth and the Tree of Life.
Mortals were allowed to enter Anu’s palace on rare occasions, such as when the man Adapa was so loyal to Ea (Enki) that Ea arranged for him to go there. Adapa was offered the ‘Bread of Life,’ but he refused to eat it, thinking Anu had poisoned it. He returned to Earth as an anointed priest but remained mortal. The Old Testament has similar stories with Enoch and Elijah.

On occasion, Anu came to Earth. The temple of Anu was called E.Anna (house of An). A description of this temple, found in Uruk / Erech: It was, according to Sumerian texts, "the hallowed E-Anna, the pure sanctuary." Traditions maintained that the Great Gods themselves "had fashioned its parts." "Its cornice was like copper," "its great wall touching the clouds—a lofty dwelling place"; "it was the House whose charm was irresistible, whose allure was unending." And the texts also made clear the temple's purpose, for they called it "the House for descending from Heaven."

Great fanfare and ritual took place when Anu came in for a visit. The insignia of Anu were the tiara (divine headdress), the scepter (for power) and the staff (a symbol of guidance provided by a shepherd.)
The second most powerful deity was En.Lil (lord of the air-space), a prototype of the later storm gods that headed the pantheons of the ancient world. Enlil was born in Heaven but came to Earth early on. When the gods assembled in the Heavenly Abode, Enlil presided over the meetings with his father. When the gods met on Earth, they assembled at Enlil’s court in Nippur. Enlil’s temple was called E.Kur (house which is like a mountain, pyramid?). Sumerian gods revered Enlil as much as Sumerian people did. Note that one of Enlil’s epithets was the ‘shepherd.’ Sumerian psalm to Enlil:

Lord who knows the destiny of The Land,
trustworthy in his calling;
Enlil who knows the destiny of Sumer,
trustworthy in his calling;
Father Enlil,
Lord of all the lands;
Father Enlil,
Lord of the Rightful Command;
Father Enlil,
Shepherd of the Black-Headed Ones....
From the Mountain of Sunrise
to the Mountain of Sunset,
There is no other Lord in the land;
you alone are King.

When Enlil was in a good mood, he would bestow favors upon humanity, such as farming with the plow and pickaxe. When he was in a foul mood, he would send obliterating storms against offending cities and sought the destruction of humanity at the time of the Deluge. Enlil chose kings to rule over humanity, but they were really servants entrusted with administrating the divine laws of justice. Even Hammurabi of Babylon, whose god was Marduk, acknowledged that Anu and Enlil ‘named him to promote the welfare of the people.’
The third great god of Sumeria was another son of Anu named E.A or En.Ki. Like Enlil, he too was a god of Heaven and Earth, having originated in the heavens before coming here. Enki was a master engineer, planning and supervising the construction of canals, the diking of rivers and the draining of marshlands. He loved sailing, especially in the marshlands. That is where he built his great house in the city Ha.A.Ki (place of water fishes), also known as E.Ri.Du (home of going afar). When the three Great Gods divided the realms among them, Enki was given the rulership of the Apsu (the deep), and called Lord of the Saltwaters. He built ships that sailed to far lands, from which precious metals and semi-precious stones were brought to Sumeria.
In his autobiography, Enki describes how he filled the Tigris River with fresh, life-giving waters. He appointed a god to supervise the construction of canals, to make the Tigris and Euphrates navigable, and he unclogged the marshlands, filled them up with fish and making them a haven for birds of all kinds, and caused reeds for useful building materials to grow there. He also credited himself with bringing to Earth the arts of brick-making, construction of dwellings and cities, metallurgy and more.
Enki was the deity who enabled the Mesopotamian ‘Noah’ to build an ark and escape disaster. Also, Enki guided Adapa to the abode of Anu, when the other gods were determined to withhold eternal life from humanity. However, Enki may not have been on humanity’s side. It seems his defiance was aimed mostly at frustrating decisions or plans made by his brother Enlil. Much of this resentment may have come about because Enki, not Enlil, was the firstborn. Enki was entitled to be the heir apparent to his father Anu.
At some point, Enki stopped struggling for the divine throne. He put his efforts into making a son of his, and not a son of Enlil, as the third generation successor. He sought to achieve this with the aid of his sister Nin.Hur.Sag (lady of the mountain-head). Scholars have wondered why Biblical figures Abraham and Isaac advertised the fact that their wives were also their sisters, especially in light of the prohibitions against incest. Legal documents at Mari and Nuzi make it clear that a man could marry his half-sister. A son born to such a wife was considered more of the pure seed and the legal heir whether or not he was firstborn. In his quest for a male heir, Enki impregnates Ninhursag, who gives birth to a daughter. He impregnates his daughter, who gives birth to another girl, and he impregnates his granddaughter as well with the same result.
By the way, Ninhursag was the chief nurse in charge of medical facilities. She is credited with first creating humanity in her role as Nin.Ti (lady-life). Ninhursag was spoken of as the Mother Goddess. Her nickname was Mammu, forerunner to our Mom or Mamma, and her symbol was the cutter used to cut the umbilical cord after birth.
Ironically enough, it is Enlil who impregnates Ninhursag and produces a male heir. His name is Nin.Ur.Ta (lord who completes the foundation). His spouse is Ba.U, also a nurse or doctor, with the epithet ‘lady who the dead brings back to life.’

The battle between Ninurta and Zu begins on page 101. This description of the battle reads similar to less-detailed accounts in the Vedas and Chinese mythology: The various versions of the epic then provide thrilling descriptions of the battle that ensued. Ninurta shot "arrows" at Zu, but "the arrows could not approach Zu's body ... while he bore the Tablet of Destinies of the gods in his hand." The launched "weapons were stopped in the midst" of their flight. As the inconclusive battle wore on, Ea advised Ninurta to add a til-lum to his weapons, and shoot it into the "pinions," or small cog-wheels, of Zu's "wings." Following this advice, and shouting "Wing to wing," Ninurta shot the til-lum at Zu's pinions. Thus hit, the pinions began to scatter, and the "wings" of Zu fell in a swirl. Zu was vanquished, and the Tablets of Destiny returned to Enlil.

Regarding the weapon used to defeat Zu: Til (Sumerian) = Til-lum (Assyrian) = Till (Hebrew, meaning missile)
Zu could possibly be Mar.Duk (son of the pure mound). Marduk was Enki’s firstborn by his wife Dam.Ki.Na. After failing to achieve a son by his sister, Enki may have relied on Marduk to ascend to the throne. Corroborating this, the ancient Near East was seized with great social and military upheavals circa 2000 BCE. This was the time when Marduk was in Babylon and also the national god of Sumeria and Akkad. Marduk was named King of the Gods, replacing Enlil and requiring other gods to pledge allegiance and come to reside in Babylon. Later, history was rewritten and texts altered to give Marduk prominence over Anu, Enlil and Ninurta.
Sitchin goes on to speculate that Zu may have been Nanna (or Nan.Nar, the bright one). His Akkadian / Semitic name is Sin. Being firstborn of Enlil, Nanna was granted sovereignty over Ur (the city). His temple was called E.Gish.Nu.Gal (house of the seed of the throne). Ur became prosperous under Nanna’s rule, a supplier of sheep, cattle and grains. The Lamentation over the Destruction of Ur gives us an impression of what Ur was like before its demise:

In the granaries of Nanna there was no grain.
The evening meals of the gods were suppressed;
in their great dining halls, wine and honey ended....
In his temple's lofty oven, oxen and sheep are not prepared;
The hum has ceased at Nanna's great Place of Shackles:
that house where commands for the ox were shouted–
its silence is overwhelming....
Its grinding mortar and pestle lie inert....
The offering boats carried no offerings....
Did not bring offering bread to Enlil in Nippur.
Ur's river is empty, no barge moves on it....
No foot trods its banks; long grasses grow there.

In a second lamentation, Nannar pleads with Anu and Enlil to spare Ur. The reason for Anu and Enlil’s anger is not given, but makes sense if Nannar was Zu. His other name of Sin derives from Su.En, another way of pronouncing Zu.En. Nannar and wife Ningal fled to Haran. Noteworthy to mention that when the clan of Abraham left Ur, led by his father Terah, they also stayed for many years in Haran. Inscriptions found reveal that Nannar-Sin was disgusted or despairing enough that he left Earth and went up to Heaven.
In 555 BCE, a high priestess of Nannar-Sin, born during the reign of Ashurbanipal, appeals to the god. Nannar-Sin’s powers over his adversaries will be restored if he helps the priestess’ son Nabunaid become ruler of Sumeria and Akkad. Nabunaid commanded the Babylonian armies at the time, and was named by his fellow officers to the throne. According to the inscriptions, on the first day of his appearance, Nannar-Sin, using the weapon of Anu, touched with a beam of light the skies and crushed the enemies down below. Nabunaid kept his mother’s promise. He declared Nannar-Sin to be the supreme god and rebuilt the god’s temple (E.Hul.Hul, house of great joy).
Nannar-Sin grasped the power of the offices of Enlil, Ea / Enki and Anu in his hand, defeating the usurper Marduk and assuming the title of Divine Crescent to establish his reputation as the Moon God. (This is where the comparisons to Allah come in.)
Nannar-Sin returned from Heaven. We don’t know when or where this happened. Sitchin offers a Biblical parallel. In the fields outside of Haran, Jacob was on his way to Canaan to find himself a bride. He saw ‘a ladder set up on the earth and its top reaching heavenward, and there the angels of the Lord ascending and descending on it.’ (Genesis 28:12)
At the same time Nabunaid restored the temples of Nannar-Sin, he restored temples and worship of Nannar’s twin children In.Anna (Anu’s lady) and Utu (the shining one). Unlike Enki and Enlil, Inanna and Utu were siblings that got along with each other. They were born during the time when only the gods walked the Earth. Utu’s city was Sippar, one of the first cities the gods established in Sumeria. Utu became associated with law and justice. From a wisdom tablet on how to please Utu:

Unto your opponent do no evil;
Your evildoer recompense with good.
Unto your enemy, let justice be done....
Let not your heart be induced to do evil....
To the one begging for alms–
give food to eat, give wine to drink....
Be helpful; do good.

Utu was also considered protector of travelers. Most epithets referred to his brilliance. He was called Babbar (shining one). Utu, who ‘sheds a wide light,’ who ‘lights up Heaven and Earth.’ Utu identifies with the Mesopotamian and Canaanite sun god Shamash.
The many names of Inanna: Venus (Rome), Aphrodite (Greece), Astarte (Canaan, Hebrews), Ishtar / Eshdar (Assyria, Babylonia, Hittites), Inanna / Innin / Ninnin (Akkadia, Sumeria). Inanna’s epithets included Goddess of Warfare and Goddess of Love. She was great-granddaughter to Anu. At first, Inanna was assigned to rule over Aratta, but after some political maneuvering, she managed to move to Uruk / Erech, and could have been a commuting goddess. She occupied Anu’s temple in Uruk, as Anu rarely set foot on Earth.
Inanna next set her sights on Enki at Eridu, where she got the drunken god to reveal to her ‘divine formulas’ pertaining to supreme lordship, kingship, priestly functions, weapons, legal procedures, scribeship, woodworking, knowledge of musical instruments and temple prostitution. By the time Enki realized what she’d done, Inanna had sped back to Uruk in her ‘Boat of Heaven.’ Circa 2900 BCE, Inanna, who was married, tried to seduce Gilgamesh, the ruler of Uruk.
As a warlord, Inanna commanded Assyrian kings into war, advised them when to attack, sometimes marched at the head of the armies, appeared before the troops, and promised the Assyrian kings long life and success.
Inanna went on to marry Du.Mu.Zi, a son of Enki. Many ancient texts deal with the loves and quarrels of the two. Dumuzi reportedly was caught celebrating her absence once. Inanna went on to arrange the capture of her husband and his kidnapping into the Lower World, ruled by her sister E.Resh.Ki.Gal and her consort Ner.Gal. Some of the most celebrated Sumerian and Akkadian texts deal with the journey of Inanna / Ishtar to the Lower World in search of her banished lover.
The three most prominent sons of Enki were Marduk, who eventually became the supreme god, Nergal, who became ruler of the Lower World, and Dumuzi who married Innana.
The most prominent sons of Enlil were Ninurta, who was Enlil’s legal successor, Nannar-Sin, firstborn by Enlil’s official spouse Ninlin, and Ish.Kur (mountainous, far mountain land), who was also called Adad (beloved).

The numbering system used to rank the 12 supreme gods, with the evens being males and the odds being females:
60—Anu
55—Antu
50—Enlil
45—Ninlil
40—Ea/Enki
35—Ninki
30—Nanna/Sin
25—Ningal
20—Utu/Shamash
15—Inanna/Ishtar
10—Ishkur/Adad
5—Ninhursag

The seven objects Inanna put on herself before she flew in the boat of heaven:
1. The SHU.GAR.RA she put on her head.
2. "Measuring pendants," on her ears.
3. Chains of small blue stones, around her neck.
4. Twin "stones," on her shoulders.
5. A golden cylinder, in her hands.
6. Straps, clasping her breast.
7. The PALA garment, clothed around her body.

Discussion of Old Testament ‘angels’ or malachim begins on page 125. Sitchin describes them as divine airmen. Jacob saw them going up a sky ladder. They addressed Hagar from the sky and they destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah. Abraham and Lot recognized them right away after seeing them. At Sodom, two angels, or ‘men,’ were about to be lynched until they ‘smote the people at the entrance of the house with blindness.’ Another angel appeared to Gideon, giving him a divine sign by touching a rock with his baton, causing fire to jump out of the rock.
A wall sculpture of Inanna / Ishtar at her temple in Ashur shows her wearing a tight-fitting helmet with earphones, and wearing distinct goggles that were part of the helmet. Clay figurines from Sumeria show malachim holding wand-like weapons. One figure shows the face through a helmet visor. Another wears the divine conical headdress and a uniform studded with circular objects. One hoard of figurines was found at Tell Brak, a prehistoric site on the Khabur River. Millennia later, Ezekiel saw the divine chariot on that same riverbank. The seven special objects or attire was called the ME. It could be used to travel between locations on Earth, and also to travel into space.
The Biblical patriarch Jacob thought he was looking at the Gateway to Heaven: The Old Testament informs us that Jacob, spending the night in a field outside of Haran, saw "a ladder set up on Earth and its top reaching heavenwards," on which "angels of the Lord" were busily going up and down. The Lord himself stood at the top of the ladder.
Sitchin speculates that a craft appeared, hovered for a while and disappeared. In that same idea, Biblical Elijah ‘went up into Heaven by a whirlwind.’ Elijah’s journey was prearranged. He was told to go to Beth-El (the lord’s house) on a specific day. His disciples had already heard the rumor that he was about to be taken.

Ezekiel’s vision: What Ezekiel saw was a Manlike being, surrounded by brilliance and brightness, sitting on a throne that rested on a metal "firmament" within the chariot. The vehicle itself, which could move whichever way upon wheels-within-wheels and rise off the ground vertically, was described by the prophet as a glowing whirlwind.
(Josef F. Blumrich of NASA has the impression of a helicopter with a cabin resting on 4 posts, each post equipped with rotary wings. I’d like to mention the shape of a modern drone.)

Two millennia earlier, Sumerian ruler Gudea commemorated the temple to the god Ninurta, when a man appeared who shone like Heaven. By the helmet on his head, he showed he was a god. Ninurta and two divine companions appeared standing beside Ninurta’s divine black wind bird. The temple was constructed to provide a special enclosure for the ‘bird.’ Two divine weapons guarded the bird, the ‘supreme hunter’ and the ‘supreme killer.’ They emitted beams of light and death-dealing rays.
The ‘bird’ flashed light and / or fire. Gudea stated it flashed upon the raised bricks. Urukagina, ruler in Lagash, said ‘the Mu that lights up as a fire.’ Lu-Utua, ruler in Umma, constructed a place for a Mu, ‘which in a fire comes forth’ for the god Utu. (Bright light and fire also mark the ascents of Indian vimana.)

From Babylonian King Nebuchadnezzar II: I raised the head of the boat ID.GE.UL the Chariot of Marduk's princeliness; The boat ZAG.MU.KU, whose approach is observed, the supreme traveler between Heaven and Earth, in the midst of the pavilion I enclosed, screening off its sides.

Id.Ge.Ul = high to heaven, bright at night
Zag.Mu.Ku = the bright Mu which is for afar

The Mu is an oval-topped, conical object. An ancient coin from Byblos (Biblical Gebal) depicts the Great Temple of Ishtar. It shows the main temple with columned gateway and an inner courtyard hidden / protected by a high wall. In the sacred area, we see crossbeam construction resembling that of the Eiffel Tower, and on that platform the secured, protected object that can only be Mu.
Mu’s primary meaning is ‘that which rises straight.’ Nuances include heights, fire, command and counted period. It is clear that Mu is equivalent to Inanna’s Boat of Heaven:

Lady of Heaven:
She puts on the Garment of Heaven;
She valiantly ascends towards Heaven.
Over all the peopled lands she flies in her MU.
Lady, who in her MU to the heights of Heaven joyfully wings.
Over all the resting places she flies in her MU.

Hittite glyphs show cruising missiles against starry heavens, rockets mounted on launch pads and a god inside a radiating chamber. A seal from Gezer, ancient Canaan, shows a rocket with wings or fins, reachable by a ladder. Many seals depict a god or two within their sacred ovals. For the purposes of veneration, ancient people set up imitations of the god within his divine ‘sky chamber.’ Stone pillars shaped to simulate the oval vehicle were erected at selected sites, with the god carved into the stone to indicate he was within the object. Kings and rulers carved their own images on stelae as a way to associate themselves with the Eternal Abode, as a way to being remembered the way the gods were remembered. (For comparison, see the sarcophagus lid showing Mayan ruler Lord Pacal in what many believe is a spaceship.)
The Sumerians called the stone stelae Na.Ru (stones that rise). The Akkadians, Babylonians and Assyrians called them naru (objects that give off light). The Amurru called them nuras (fiery objects, Hebrew ner still means a pillar that emits light, or today’s candle). The Hurrians and Hittites called the stone stelae hu-u-ashi (fire bird of stone). In the Bible, Isaiah conveyed to the people the Lord’s promise of a yad and a shem, with yad meaning hand and shem meaning name. The shem, however, was in earlier times a memorial with an oval top. In ancient Egypt, the devout made pilgrimages to the temple at Heliopolis to worship the ben-ben, a pyramidion-shaped object in which the gods had arrived on Earth.
Biblical translators persist in using ‘name’ for shem. G. M. Redslob conducted a study in which he pointed out that shem and shamaim (heaven) stem from the root word shamah (that which is high-ward). When King David made a shem to mark his victory against the Aramaeans, he didn’t make a name but a monument pointing skyward.

Compare the following:
And David became famous after he returned from striking down eighteen thousand Edomites in the Valley of Salt. - 2 Samuel 8:13 (New International Version)
And David made himself a name when he returned from killing eighteen thousand Syrians in the Valley of Salt. - 2 Samuel 8:13 (New King James Version)
Bible Gateway tells us that ‘name’ comes from shem. Most Hebrew sources us Aram, for Arameans, instead of Edomites or Syrians. This is how most modern Bible translations end up twisting the details around and losing context.
https://biblehub.com/lexicon/2_samuel/8-13.htm

The realization that Mu or Shem doesn’t mean name but sky vehicle opens the way to understanding many ancient tales, including the Bible story of the Tower of Babel. In Genesis, chapter 11, humans tried to raise up a Shem. After the Deluge, people journeyed from the east, found a plain in the land of Shinar and settled there. Shinar is Sumeria, in the plain between two rivers in southern Mesopotamia. The people already knew about brick-making and building high-rise constructions.

They said: Let us build us a city, and a tower whose top shall reach the heavens; and let us make us a shem, lest we be scattered upon the face of the Earth.
God didn’t like this idea: And the Lord came down, to see the city and the tower which the Children of Adam had erected.
And he said: "Behold, all are as one people with one language, and this is just the beginning of their undertakings; Now, anything which they shall scheme to do shall no longer be impossible for them."
God conspires with others: “Come, let us go down, and there confound their language; So that they may not understand each other's speech." And the Lord scattered them from there upon the face of the whole Earth, and they ceased to build the city. Therefore was its name called Babel for there did the Lord mingle the Earth's tongue.
From the Babylonian Epic Of Creation: Construct the Gateway of the Gods.... Let its brickwork be fashioned. Its shem shall be in the designated place.
Babili means ‘Gateway of the Gods.’ Does Babili equate with Babel or Babylon? According to the Babylonian historian-priest Berossus, it does. He reported that the first inhabitants... “undertook to raise a tower whose top should reach the sky. The tower was overturned by the gods and heavy winds, and the gods introduced a diversity of tongues among men, who till that time had all spoken the same language.”

George Smith, in The Chaldean Account Of Genesis, found in the writings of Greek historian Hestaeus a report of the people who escaped the Deluge coming to Senaar in Babylon, but were driven away by a diversity of tongues. Alexander Polyhistor wrote that all men formerly spoke the same language. They undertook to erect a large, lofty tower so they might ‘climb up to heaven.’ The chief god confounded their design by sending a whirlwind. Each tribe was given a different language. Sitchin gives two examples of Sumerian seals, in his interpretation showing gods fighting over a conical object in one, and in the second humans marching upward toward a large, conical object, while a god stands beside it watching with bow and lance. Bottom line: gods are meant to have shems, not people.
According to the Bible, two mortals were worthy enough to visit Heaven: Enoch and Elijah, but there was a third. This was the ruler of Tyre in Ezekiel chapter 28:

Thou art molded by a plan, full of wisdom, perfect in beauty. Thou hast been in Eden, the garden of God; every precious stone was thy thicket.... Thou art an anointed Cherub, protected; and I have placed thee in the sacred mountain; as a god werest thou, moving within the Fiery Stones.

Sumerian texts also speak of several men who were privileged to ascend to the heavens. Adapa was even provided with a shem to get up there. When he arrived, Anu demanded to know who had given it to him.
The Epic of Gilgamesh is brought up on page 145. Gilgamesh was two-thirds god and one-third human. He didn’t want to die a mortal death, and he set out to find the man who survived the Deluge. This is the Mesopotamian Noah, named Utna-Pishtim, who escaped death and was taken to the Heavenly Abode with his spouse. Gilgamesh was determined to obtain from his ancestor the secret of eternal life.

Gilgamesh traveled to the Land of Tilmun, where he could raise a shem for himself. As expected, current translations use the word ‘name’ where the Sumerian Mu or the Akkadian Shumu appear in the texts. Substituting the word ‘sky vehicle’ will allow the true meaning of the text to come through: The ruler Gilgamesh toward the Land of Tilmun set his mind. He says to his companion Enkidu: "O Enkidu ... I would enter the Land, set up my shem. In the places where the shem's were raised up I would raise my shem."
The elders of Uruk and the gods warned Gilgamesh not to do this unless he asked permission from Utu / Shamash first: Let me enter the Land, Let me set up my shem. In the places where the shem's are raised up, let me raise my shem. ... Bring me to the landing place at.... Establish over me thy protection!

A break in the tablet leaves us ignorant regarding the location of ‘the landing place.’ Gilgamesh and his companion Enkidu reach its outskirts. It is a restricted zone protected by awesome guards. Tired, the two friends rest overnight. Gilgamesh dreams of the ground toppling and a man appearing who was the fairest in the land. The man pulled Gilgamesh out from under the ground and gave him water to drink. Gilgamesh falls asleep a second time, and again he is woken by a dream: In the middle of the watch his sleep was ended. He started up, saying to his friend: "My friend, didst thou call me? Why am I awake? Didst thou not touch me? Why am I startled? Did not some god go by? Why is my flesh numb?"

That last sentence strikes me as very odd; the remark about Gilgamesh’s flesh going numb. It reminds me of the buzzing or vibrating sensation others feel just before they go into the astral plane, when people have Out of Body Experiences. I don’t want to go too far off the subject, but a few years ago, I woke up in the middle of the night feeling as if my body was vibrating with electricity. I felt another person’s ‘spirit’ floating above me, only a few inches away from me, and at the time I thought I knew who this person was. My question is; could the gods be found in another dimension that can be accessed through sleep, or through some specialized chamber that necessitates wearing something like a space suit, that can shift a person’s body from physical to something else?

Gilgamesh goes on to have yet another disconcerting dream: The vision that I saw was wholly awesome! The heavens shrieked, the earth boomed; Daylight failed, darkness came. Lightning flashed, a flame shot up. The clouds swelled, it rained death! Then the glow vanished; the fire went out. And all that had fallen had turned to ashes.

Sitchin likens this to watching a rocket ship leaving a launch pad. Gilgamesh appeals to Utu / Shamash for protection and support. He reaches the mountain of Mashu, where he can see Utu ‘rise up to the vault of Heaven.’ This place is near where the shems are raised, apparently cut into the mountain and fiercely guarded. Gilgamesh describes the guards: Their terror is awesome, their glance is death. Their shimmering spotlight sweeps the mountains. They watch over Shamash, as he ascends and descends.

Sitchin describes robot-like guards who can sweep an area with spotlights and emit death rays. He compares this to Genesis in the Bible, where the revolving sword is placed at the entrance to the Garden of Eden. Gilgamesh explains his divine lineage and is allowed to pass. For a time, he finds himself in darkness. He travels 12 beru (a unit of time or distance) before it grows bright again.
(I don’t know, but after studying the Egyptian and Tibetan Books of the Dead, the writings of Thoth and a number of other esoteric volumes, I still see a lot of similarities to descriptions of traveling through the astral plane.)
Gilgamesh arrives at a magnificent garden where the fruits and trees are carved from semiprecious stones. He finds Utnapishtim, who tells him that man cannot escape his mortal fate. Utnapishtim sends him off on another quest to find the Plant of Youth. We don’t have a representation of what Gilgamesh saw in the garden, but we do have a drawing from an Egyptian governor. This shows a far land with a rocket’s capsule above the ground in a place where date trees grow. The main shaft of the rocket is stored under the ground, in a man-made silo constructed of tubular segments decorated with leopard skins. The rocket-head, or capsule, is the Egyptian ben-ben, or the Sumerian Mu. It can easily hold one or two operators or passengers.

Til.Mun = land of the missiles
Shamash = esh means fire, shem means sky vehicle
That would make Utu / Shamash ‘he of the fiery rocket ships.’

The Sumerian kings list informs us that the 13th ruler of Kish was Etana (the one who to Heaven ascended). Etana was tasked with bringing security and prosperity to humanity. He could not father a son to continue his dynasty. The only remedy was a Plant of Birth that Etana could obtain only by fetching it from the heavens. The same as Gilgamesh, Etana had to ask permission from Shamash: O Lord, may it issue from thy mouth! Grant thou me the Plant of Birth! Show me the Plant of Birth! Remove my handicap! Produce for me a shem!
Shamash told Etana of an eagle that would take him to the desired heavenly place. The god told Etana where the eagle was, and informed the eagle of the intended mission. Etana tried to raise the eagle from the pit twice and failed. On the third try he succeeded, and he was soon aloft and rising fast. Etana describes the ascent: When he had borne him aloft one beru, the Eagle says to him, to Etana: "See, my friend, how the land appears! Peer at the sea at the sides of the Mountain House: The land has indeed become a mere hill, the wide sea is just like a tub."

In one version of the story, Etana makes it up to visit Anu in Heaven. In another, he chickens out when he can no longer see the Earth behind him.
By coincidence, NASA astronauts named their lunar landing module ‘eagle,’ as in ‘the eagle has landed.’ The eagle was even displayed on the official mission patches. An Assyrian seal engraving from 1500 BCE shows two eagle-men saluting a shem. Eagle-men are also shown flanking the Tree of Life, or holding the Fruit of Life in one hand and the Water of Life in the other. Utu / Shamash was the god in charge of the landing place of the shems and Eagles. He was sometimes shown wearing an eagle’s costume. It begs the question; what was NASA really up to during those missions?
Regarding the Nephilim, the Bible tells us they were ‘men of re-known.’ Sitchin gives us the alternate ‘men of the shem,’ in which shem signifies flying vehicles or space ships. Many of us know that the sons of god were ‘cast down to Earth,’ which neatly falls into context when considering space travel. Otherwise, how did the Nephilim arrive? Did Yahweh ‘throw’ them?
The members of Anu’s royal court: his consort Antu and six concubines, 80 offspring (14 by Antu), one Prime Minister, 3 Commanders in charge of Mus (rocket ships), 2 Commanders of weapons, 2 Great Masters of Written Knowledge, 1 Minister of the Purse, 2 Chief Justices, 2 ‘who with sound impress,’ and 2 Chief Scribes with 5 Assistant Scribes. When Enlil enters Anu’s throne room, he sits on the right. Enki sits on the left.
Shamash in his official Eagle uniform wears watch-like objects on each wrist, held in place by metal clasps. The objects represented rosettes, a circular cluster of petals radiating from a central point. Most scholars accept this as symbolism of a sun encircled by 12 satellites. (Curiously, I’ve been researching Mud Flood Theory and Tartaria. In many of the old super-structures, we see large circles st over the tops of tall doorways. Originally, these were designed as rosettes. We can see this in old drawings and paintings, and also in a few super-structures that still survive. After Tartaria was ‘erased’ from history, the rosettes were typically replaced with large clocks.)

Following are the Greek names for the seven days of the week. For corroboration, I’ve added the day names in Spanish, as they evolved from the original Latin:
Object - Greek name - Spanish name - English name
Sun - Sol - Domingo - Sunday
Moon - Luna - Lunes - Monday
Mars - Mardi - Martes - Tuesday
Mercury - Mercredi - Miercoles - Wednesday
Jupiter - Jeudi - Jueves - Thursday
Venus - Vendredi - Viernes - Friday
Saturn - Saturn - Sabado - Saturday

Copernicus researched and reconstructed earlier Greek ideas. Ptolemy, for one, theorized about a Flat Earth. Before Ptolemy, Aristarchus of Samos, circa 300 BCE, thought the motions of the heavenly bodies could be better explained if the Sun was assumed to be the center of the solar system. In 200 BCE, Hipparchus discussed what is now called the precession of the equinoxes, a phenomenon that can only be explained in terms of ‘spherical astronomy.’ More curious, precession from a zodiac constellation takes 2,160 years. Where did Hipparchus obtain his information? In 400 BCE, Eudoxus of Cnidus designed a celestial sphere, a copy of which was set up in Rome as a statue of Atlas supporting the world. The designs on the sphere represent zodiacal constellations.
Hipparchus and Eudoxus lived in Asia Minor and may have had contact with the Hittites. If they visited the Hittite capital, they could have viewed the divine procession carved on the rocks, showing among the marching gods two bull-men holding up a globe. Did this sight inspire Eudoxus to sculpt Atlas and the celestial sphere?
Hipparchus confirmed that his studies were based on knowledge from Babylonian astronomers of Erech, Borsippa and Babylon. Geminus of Rhodes named the Chaldeans (ancient Babylonians) as the discoverers of the exact motions of the Moon. Diodorus Siculus in the 1st century BCE confirmed the exactness of Mesopotamian astronomy when he stated the Chaldeans named the planets... ‘in the center of their system was the Sun, the greatest light, of which the planets were offspring.’
Abraham, who came out of ‘Ur of the Chaldeans,’ was told by God to gaze at the stars when future Hebrew generations were discussed. Joseph compared himself and his brothers to twelve celestial bodies. Jacob associated his twelve descendants with the 12 constellations. Psalms and Job refer to zodiacal constellations and star groups such as the Pleiades. All of this took place before the days of ancient Greece.

R. C. Thompson made these observations after studying hundreds of texts from the 1st millennium BCE: When the Moon in its calculated time is not seen, there will be an invasion of a mighty city. When a comet reaches the path of the Sun, field-flow will be diminished; an uproar will happen twice. When Jupiter goes with Venus, the prayers of the land will reach the heart of the gods. If the Sun stands in the station of the Moon, the king of the land will be secure on the throne.

Ephemerides are tables that list and predict the future positions of celestial bodies. Professor George Sarton found that two methods were used, a later version in Babylon and an earlier one from Uruk. Unexpectedly, the earlier version was more sophisticated and accurate than the later one. The later version was influenced by Greece and Rome, while the earlier one followed the prescribed formulas of Sumeria. Adding to this, Professor O. Neugebauer found that the ephemerides were not based on observations made by Babylonian astronomers. They were calculated from fixed arithmetical schemes... which were not to be interfered with by the astronomers who used them.
Mesopotamian astronomers also knew about planetary retrogrades. This phenomenon is related to orbits around the Sun, and very long periods of observation are required to grasp and track it. Someone knew about retrogrades before Babylon, Assyria, Egypt, Greece and Rome.
All later calendars were based on the Sumerian calendar, developed in Nippur, the seat of Enlil. Sumerians had a word, Dub, for the 360-degree ‘circumference of the world.’ They could measure the rising and setting of celestial bodies. They obtained zenith points, traced meridians and latitude lines.
The word ‘zodiac’ was acquired from the Greek zodiakos kyklos (animal circle). The Sumerians called the 12 zodiac constellations Ul.He (shiny herd). Sumerian zodiac signs:

Sumerian sign - description - modern equivalent
1. Gu.An.Na - heavenly bull - Taurus
2. Mash.Tab.Ba - twins - Gemini
3. Gir - pincers or tongs - Crab / Cancer
4. Ur.Gula - lion - Leo
5. Ab.Sin - her father was Sin - the Maiden, Virgo
6. Zi.Ba.An.Na - heavenly fate - Libra
7. Gir.Tab - which claws and cuts - Scorpio
8. Pa.Bil - defender - the Archer, Sagittarius
9. Suhur.Mash - goat-fish - Capricorn
10. Gu - lord of the waters - the Water Bearer, Aquarius
11. Sim.Mah - fishes - Pisces
12. Ku.Mal - field dweller - the Ram, Aries

Before the telescope, European astronomers accepted Ptolemy’s recognition of only 19 constellations. By 1925, 28 constellations were recognized. Sumerians recognized, identified, grouped, named and listed all the constellations of the northern skies.
The Sumerian New Year began on the spring equinox.
The zodiac could date back to 4000 BCE. This could be the year that Sumeria first emerged. Some measurements weren’t even needed by the Sumerians, such as where the planet’s equator lies, giving more credence that they received their knowledge from an outside source. Also, the Sumerians measured the distances between stars in three different ways: measuring the weight of escaping water, measuring the distance in degrees between celestial bodies and an absolute measurement where a celestial ‘beru’ was 10,692 meters wide. The distance in the skies between the 26 stars added up to 655,200 beru. Who needed to know all that, the Sumerians or the Nephilim? Keeping this in mind, can we assume the Nephilim didn’t know about Uranus, Neptune and Pluto?
Sitchin puts forward the idea that the 12th planet is the Nephilim planet.
The cosmogony according to the Enuma Elish: two primeval celestial bodies gave birth to a series of celestial ‘gods.’ As the number of celestial beings increased, they made great noise and commotion. The Primeval Father sought to take strong measures to discipline the young gods, but they ganged up on him and robbed him of his creative powers. The Primeval Mother sought to take revenge. The god who led the revolt had a suggestion: Let his young son join the Assembly of the Gods, so that he might fight single-handed against the Primeval Mother. In the Babylonian version, the young god was Marduk. He faced the Primeval Mother, defeated her and split her in two. One part became Heaven; the other became Earth.
Marduk fixed order in the heavens, giving each celestial god a permanent position. On Earth, he produced mountains, seas and rivers, established seasons and vegetation, and created humanity. Duplicating the Heavenly Abode, Babylon and its towering temple were built on Earth. Gods and mortals were given assignments, commandments and rituals to follow. Marduk was proclaimed the supreme deity. In earlier versions of this tale, Anu, Enlil or Ninurta were the heroes.
Further study into this tale shows us that only three bodies exist at the start: Ap.Su (one who exists from the beginning), Mum.Mu (one who was born) and Tiamat (maiden of life). Sitchin’s interpretation is that Apsu is the sun, Mummu is the planet Mercury and Tiamat is the Primeval Mother, an unknown or destroyed planet. At the end of the Epic Of Creation, there was a solar system made up of the Sun and 9 planets:

Sun - Apsu - one who existed from the beginning
Mercury - Mummu - counselor and emissary of Apsu
Venus - Lahamu - lady of battles
Mars - Lahmu - deity of war
? - Tiamat - maiden who gave life
Jupiter - Kishar - foremost of firm lands
Saturn - Ahshar - foremost of the heavens
Pluto - Gaga - counselor and emissary of Anshar
Uranus - Anu - he of the heavens
Neptune - Nudimmud / Ea - artful creator

As the Enuma Elish continues, the planets get too close to each other and enter erratic orbits, upsetting Apsu (sun) and Tiamat. Ea (Neptune) exerted some spell or force that calmed Apsu and Mummu. Ea robbed Apsu of his creative role by pulling off Apsu’s tiara and removing his cloak of aura. Apsu was vanquished. Mummu (Mercury) was bound and left lifeless by his master’s side.
A new god enters the picture: Marduk. He was pulled in or attracted by Ea / Enki / Neptune. Electrical discharges, awesome flashes, stirred up as Marduk passed by the ten gods / planets. Neptune’s gravitational pull caused Marduk to bulge as if it had a second head. As Marduk neared Anu / Uranus, chunks of matter began tearing away, becoming Marduk’s four satellites. The satellites were thrust into a fast orbit around Marduk, swirling as a whirlwind.
Marduk was pulled toward the center of the solar system, towards Tiamat. Marduk disturbed Tiamat and the inner planets: Mars, Venus, Mercury. Pieces of Tiamat began tearing away, creating eleven ‘monsters.’ They were crowned with halos, giving them the appearance of gods / planets. Tiamat’s chief satellite was named Kingu. Tiamat becomes a raging storm that the other gods / planets are unable to stop. Marduk takes on the task of stopping Tiamat. When this happens, Gaga, the satellite of Anshar / Saturn, was loosened and became the future Pluto.
The celestial battle begins between Marduk and Tiamat. Marduk brings forth three of his satellites: Evil Wind, Whirlwind and Matchless Wind. The planets did not collided. It was Marduk’s satellites that smashed into Tiamat. They created in her body a wide cleavage, into which Marduk shot an arrow of divine lighting. This discharge left Tiamat lifeless. Marduk swept away Tiamat’s satellites, save for Kingu, and sent them off on unusual orbits where they became comets. The orbits of other celestial bodies were also affected.
The next time around, Marduk hits Tiamat, splitting the planet in two, severing her upper part, or skull. Marduk’s satellite called North Wind crashed into the separated half. The blow carried this part of Tiamat to a new orbit, where it became Earth. On Marduk’s next orbit, it broke Tiamat’s lower part to pieces. Marduk ‘bent Tiamat’s tail to form the Great Band as a bracelet.’ In other words, the asteroid belt was created. The satellite Kingu becomes Earth’s moon.
This also explains why Earth’s continents are concentrated on one side of the planet, and a deep cavity, the Pacific Ocean, exists on the opposite side. There is Bible evidence to corroborate this. Isaiah recalled when the Lord ‘carved the Haughty One, made spin the watery monster, dried up the waters of Tehom-Raba. Job recalled how his Lord smote ‘the assistants of the Haughty One’ and ‘his Wind the Hammered Bracelet measured out.’ ‘His hand the twisting dragon did extinguish.’

Tehom = watery deep
Tehom-Raba = great Tiamat

Earth became the reincarnated Tiamat. Kingu became Sesh.Ki (celestial god who protects Earth). In unflattering Sumerian terms, Tiamat’s satellite started out as Kin.Gu (great emissary) and ended up as Dug.Ga.E (pot of lead).
We know that Marduk’s name was inserted into the cosmogony when that god gained prominence in Babylon. Before that, the name Nibiru was used, meaning Planet of the Crossing. Nibiru is depicted as a Winged Globe. Nibiru’s cuneiform sign was the cross, which later became the letter Tav that resembles the Christian Cross.
Page 224 shows several interpretations of the Winged Globe.
The return of Nibiru is thought to bring about the beginning of a new era. Rains, floods and earthquakes will announce its proximity to Earth. Isaiah’s warning:

Like the noise of a multitude in the mountains, a tumultous noise like of a great many people, of kingdoms of nations gathered together; it is the Lord of Hosts, commanding a Host to battle. From a far away land they come, from the end-point of the Heaven do the Lord and his Weapons of wrath come to destroy the whole Earth....
Therefore will I agitate the Heaven and Earth shall be shaken out of its place when the Lord of Hosts shall be crossing, the day of his burning wrath.

Further, mountains will melt... valleys shall be cleft. Amos predicted: It shall come to pass on that Day, sayeth the Lord God, that I will cause the Sun to go down at noon and I will darken the Earth in the midst of daytime.

More from Zechariah: And it shall come to pass on that Day there shall be no light—uncommonly shall it freeze. And there shall be one day, known to the Lord, which shall be neither day nor night, when at eve-time there shall be light.

Adding the words of Joel: The Sun and Moon shall be darkened, the stars shall withdraw their radiance. The Sun shall be turned into darkness, and the Moon shall be as red blood.

Mesopotamian texts depict plowmen looking up as the Twelfth Planet is visible in the skies. The 12th planet is described as having a lot of water and a lot of vegetation.
Sitchin makes a good point, when he states the people of Nibiru had a lot of astronomical data regarding the solar system, thanks to Nibiru’s long path around the sun. (page 239)
Enlil was charged with watching over the seventh planet, Earth. Earth is the seventh planet from the point of view of someone approaching from outside the solar system.

Placement - English name - Sumerian name - epithet
First seven celestial bodies starting with the farthest away from Sol - Ub with seven parts, also Shu, ‘the entirety’ and Shu.Nu, the Seven who in ‘Supreme Part’ rest
First - Pluto - Shu.Pa - supervisor of the Shu
Second - Neptune - Iru - loop, Hum.Ba - swampland vegetation
Third - Uranus - Kakkab Shanamma - planet which is the double, or En.Ti.Mash.Sig - planet of bright greenish life
Fourth - Saturn - Tar.Gallu - the great destroyer, or Kak.Si.Di - weapon of righteousness, or Si.Mutu - he who for justice kills
Fifth - Jupiter - Barharu - bright one, or Sag.Me.Gar - great one, where the space suits are fastened, or Sib.Zi.An.Na - true guide in the heavens, where the ME suits were put on?
Sixth - Mars - Utu.Ka.Gab.A - light established at the gate of the waters, or Shelibbu - one near the center of the solar system
Seventh - Earth - Shu.Gi - right resting place of Shu, land at the conclusion of Shu, or shibu - the seventh
Eighth - Venus
Ninth - Mercury
Tenth - Sol

Big Ice Ages on Earth:
Early glaciation - started 600,000 years ago
First warming / interglacial period - 550,000 y.a.
Second glacial period - 480,000 to 430,000 y.a.

Sitchin estimates the coastlines were 600 to 700 feet lower than they are today. This figure is probably very conservative when taking into account research done by Graham Hancock and others. The Nephilim concentrated their attention on three major rivers: the Nile, the Indus and the Tigris-Euphrates. Of those three locations, Sitchin assumes the Nephilim used petroleum as much as we do. The Tigris-Euphrates was the easiest place to find it, where bitumen, tars, pitches and asphalts bubble or flow up to the surface naturally. Sumerians had names for all nine bitumen substances: petroleum, crude oils, native asphalts, rock asphalts, tars, pyrogenic asphalts, mastics, waxes and pitches. Egypt had only two. Sanskrit had three.
The Bible describes God’s abode on Earth as a place of temperate climate, warm yet breezy and a place of good soil. Some scholars place Eden on the northern end of Mesopotamia, while others place it at the south, at the head of the Persian Gulf. The name ‘Eden’ is Mesopotamian, stemming from the Akkadian edinu, meaning ‘plain.’ The word Din means righteous, so E.Din would have meant ‘home of the righteous ones.’ The Nephilim had a spaceport, but in case of an emergency, they could have used the Indian Ocean to the south or the Mediterranean to the west. They also needed a good bay or gulf for launching long sea voyages.
Initially, the craft of the Nephilim were termed ‘celestial boats.’ The landings might have been described as the appearances of submarines from the sea, with ‘fish-men’ emerging and coming ashore. In fact, texts mention the Ab.Gal who navigated in ships dressed as fish. Ishtar sought out the ‘great gallu’ (chief navigator) who had gone away in a ‘sunken boat.’ Oannes (the Being Endowed With Reason), who appeared from the Erythrean Sea, looked like a fish. He had a human head under the fish’s head, and feet like a man under the fish tail. Three Greek historians reported that fish-men appeared periodically from the Erythrean Sea, what we now call the Arabian Sea on the western part of the Indian Ocean. Recall that this occurred during the second glacial period, when most of Earth was still frozen over, so they had to land hundreds of miles away from where they later established their cities. (References to Dagon / Oannes are also found in Canaanite and Chinese mythology. The Pope’s funny pointed hat is derived from the headgear of Dagon / Oannes.)
The first city was E.Ri.Du (house in faraway built). In modern day, ordu means encampment. The settled Earth is called Erde (German), Erda (High German), Jordh (Icelandic), Jord (Danish), Airtha (Gothic), Erthe (Middle English), Aratha or Ereds (Aramaic), Erd or Ertz (Kurdish) and Eretz (Hebrew), to become Earth to us. At Eridu, the Nephilim established Earth Station 1, a lonely outpost on a half-frozen planet.

First Nephilim cities - name of god in charge
Eridu - Nudimmud (he who made things)
Bad-Tibira - Nugig
Larak - Pabilsag
Sippar - Utu
Shuruppak - Sud

Enki (lord of firm ground) / Ea (whose house is water) said ‘here we settle.’ Eridu was always his seat of power and center of worship. The city was built on ground raised artificially above the waters of the marshlands:

The lord of the watery-deep, the king Enki ... built his house.... In Eridu he built the House of the Water Bank.... The king Enki ... has built a house: Eridu, like a mountain, he raised up from the earth; in a good place he had built it.

The first concerns of the Nephilim were the shallow lakes and watery marshes. They cleaned the small rivers, dredged the beds of streams and tributaries for better flow, drained the marshes, obtained cleaner water and implemented controlled irrigation. They filled in some land and raised dikes as well. From the poem Enki And The Land’s Order:

He marked the marshland, placed in it carp and ...–fish;
He marked the cane thicket, placed in it ...–reeds and green-reeds.
Enbilulu, the Inspector of Canals, he placed in charge of the marshlands.
Him who set net so no fish escapes, whose trap no ... escapes,
whose snare no bird escapes, ... the son of ... a god who loves fish
Enki placed in charge of fish and birds.
Enkimdu, the one of the ditch and dike, Enki placed in charge of ditch and dike.
Him whose ... mold directs,
Kulla, the brick-maker of the Land, Enki placed in charge of mold and brick.

Enki enjoyed sailing his boat Ma.Gur (boat to turn about in) in the marshlands.
Eight shars of time passed (28,800 years) before the second commander / settlement chief was named. He was A.Lal.Gar (he who in rain-time brought rest).
There is confusion as to why Enki is associated with more than one zodiac sign, until we take into account this enormous amount of time. Enki would have landed on Earth during the Age of Pisces, stayed through the Age of Aquarius (25,920 years), until the Age of Capricorn began.
While Enki did all the building, there was no doubt that Enlil was in charge on the 12th Planet. As soon as Anu and Enlil made the decision to proceed with the mission, Enlil came to Earth. Larsa was built by En.Ki.Du.Nu (Enki digs deep). When Enlil took charge on Earth, he was nicknamed Alim (Ram), coinciding with the zodiac constellation Aries. Establishing Larsa allowed for the logistics of bringing more manpower, tools and equipment to Earth, and valuable cargo shipped back to the 12th Planet. Landing in water was no longer feasible, so Enlil established a Mission Control Center at Larsa. The city became the planning headquarters for future missions.
The landing site was called Nippur, or Nibru.Ki (Earth’s crossing). Enlil stayed in Larsa for 6 shars (21,600 years) while Nippur was under construction. Enlil was at first associated with the Ram (Aries), but later with the Bull (Taurus), when Nippur was established. Technology at Nippur:

A devotional poem composed as a "Hymn to Enlil, the All-Beneficent" and glorifying EnliI, his consort Ninlil, his city Nippur, and its "lofty house," the E.KUR, tells us much about Nippur. For one thing, Enlil had at his disposal there some highly sophisticated instruments: a "lifted 'eye' which scans the land," and a "lifted beam which searches the heart of all the land." Nippur, the poem tells us, was protected by awesome weapons: "Its sight is awesome fear, dread"; from "its outside, no mighty god can approach." Its "arm" was a "vast net," and in its midst there crouched a "fast-stepping bird," a "bird" whose "hand" the wicked and the evil could not escape. Was the place protected by some death ray, by an electronic power field? Was there in its center a helicopter pad, a "bird" so swift no one could outrun its reach?

At the center of Nippur stood Enlil’s new headquarters, Ki.Ur (place of Earth’s root). This was the communications center of Mission Control, where the Anunnaki on Earth spoke with the Igi.Gi (they who turn and see) in orbiting spacecraft.

At this center, the ancient text goes on to say, stood a "heavenward tall pillar reaching to the sky." This extremely tall "pillar," firmly planted on the ground "as a platform that cannot be overturned," was used by Enlil to "pronounce his word" heavenward. This is a simple description of a broadcasting tower.

The Dir.Ga (dark, crown-like chamber) was the place where star charts were kept, where predictions were made, where the ME were received and transmitted. Recall the tale of Zu, who snatched away Enlil’s Tablet of Destinies. This suspended the issuance of commands, the chamber lost its brilliance and silence prevailed.
Most scholars think the name En.Lil means lord of the wind, based on the idea that ancient people personified the elements of nature. Another interpretation could be that Lil means an utterance or spoken command.
Bad-Tibira was established as an industrial center. Enlil installed his son Nannar-Sin in command, or Nu.Gig (he of the night sky). This is possibly the birthplace of the twins Inanna / Ishtar and Utu / Shamash, associating Nannar with the constellation Gemini. Shamash was assigned the constellation Gir (rocket, crab’s claw, Cancer) while his sister Ishtar got the Lion (Leo). Enlil and Enki’s sister was not neglected. She was put in charge of Shuruppak, the Nephilim medical center. Her constellation was The Maid (Virgo). The last of the seven Cities of the Gods was Larak, where Enlil put his son Ninurta in command. Ninurta was called Pa.Bil.Sag (great protector), similar to what Sagittarius was called.
Mount Aratat was chosen as a good landmark for ships to guide with when coming in for a landing at Sippar.
The original Cities of the Gods were destroyed by the later Deluge. It was the duty of Mesopotamian kings to rebuild the sacred precincts in the exactly the same spots and according to the original plans. When Gudea in the third millennium BCE rebuilt the sacred precinct, an accompanying god gave him the architectural plans drawn on stone tablets, and a goddess who traveled between Heaven and Earth showed him a celestial map and instructed him on the astronomical alignments. More high-tech at the sacred precinct at Lagash:

In addition to the "divine black bird," the god's "terrible eye" ("the great beam that subdues the world to its power") and the "world controller" (whose sound could "reverberate all over") were installed in the sacred precinct. Finally, when the structure was complete, the "emblem of Utu" was raised upon it, facing "toward the rising place of Utu"—toward the spaceport at Sippar. All these beaming objects were important to the spaceport's operation, for Utu himself "came forth joyfully" to inspect the installations when completed.

Sumerian seals show pack animals carrying boxlike ‘divine objects.’ Sitchin compares them to the Biblical Ark of the Covenant. The chest was made of wood, overlaid with gold both inside and outside, two conductors insulated by wood in between. A kapporeth (covering?) of gold was placed above the chest and held up by two cherubim of solid gold. From the Book of Exodus; ‘And I will address thee from above the Kapporeth, from between the two Cherubim.’ Touching the Ark caused one Israelite to be killed instantly, as if by high voltage electricity.
Ziggurat and temple measurements begin on page 284. Note that Babylon rests near the 33rd latitude at 32.5 degrees North. Sitchin speculates that the sides of the ziggurats made for good landing markers incoming ships could follow. Tracing back the origin of the word ziggurate: zukiratu (Akkadian, Babylonian, meaning tube of divine spirit). Esh (Sumerian, supreme, most high, and in Akkadian, Hebrew, fire). In other words, it is unlikely the ziggurats were built only to study the positions of the stars. Instead, the true function of these structures was to connect the gods in Heaven with the gods on Earth.
After Enlil arrived on Earth, Earth Command was transferred out of Enki’s hands. His name was changed from ‘Lord Earth’ to ‘Lord Waters.’ Anu was to stay in heaven to rule over the 12th Planet. Enlil was to command the lands and Enki was put in charge of the Apsu (watery deep). Enlil represented the Greek Zeus and Enki was the prototype of Poseidon, god of the oceans. Enlil’s domain was also referred to as the Upper World, and Enki’s as the Lower World.
Assuming subterranean waters or the Greek Hades, scholars have translated the domain as Unterwelt (underworld) or Totenwelt (world of the dead). This comes from the story in Inanna / Ishtar going to the Lower World to seek out her missing lover Dumuzi, or in Biblical / Canaanite texts, her lover Tammuz. Summerian and Akkadian texts present a different picture. Inanna went to the Lower Wrold to visit her sister Ereshkigal, who was mistress of the place. Inanna went there neither dead nor against her will. She went alive and uninvited, forcing her way in by threatening the gatekeeper:

If thou openest not the gate so that I cannot enter, I will smash the door, I will shorter the bolt, I will smash the doorpost, I will move the doors. (She’s pissed!)

After having read the account of Ereshkigal (granddaughter of Enlil) and Nergal (son of Enki) meeting and getting married in the Lower World, I have to wonder if the many depictions of an ‘underworld of the dead’ were misunderstandings or simply people wanting a lurid tale and weaving it out of the basic narrative. (Pages 289, 290) If Lower World really meant Southern Hemisphere, Sitchin suggests the location was South Africa. Sumerian seals do show ostrich and zebra, and people wearing leopard skins.
We know Ab.Zu or Apsu means watery deep. The syllables can be switched without changing the meaning of the word, so Ab.Zu is the same as Zu.Ab. As it happens, za-ab in Semitic languages means precious metal, and in Hebrew and its sister languages it means gold. This changes Enki from being in charge of the watery deep to being in charge of exploiting Earth’s minerals. Further, Greek Abyssos (abyss) came from the Akkadian apsu, also meaning deep hole in the ground. Also, in Akkadian apsu was the same as nikbu, which means a deep, man-made cutting or drilling into the ground. The Tablet of Wisdom entrusted to Nergal and Ereshkigal was in fact a Table of Mining, having to do with the mining operations of the Nephilim.
Special cargo ships called Ma.Rug Ur.Nu Ab.Zu (ship for ores of the Lower World) took metal ores from Southeastern Africa to Mesopotamia. The ores were taken to Bad-Tibira (foundation for metalworking). Sitchin suggests that the Biblical land of Ophir, which was rich in gold, was found in South Africa. (Others have speculated it was in Mesoamerica.) Prehistoric mining and human remains had been found dating back to between 2000 BCE to nearly 7700 BCE. On the slopes of Lion Peak, a 5-ton slab of hematite was removed from blocking a cavern. Inside the cavern, charcoal remains of mining dated to 20,000 to 26,000 BCE. One charcoal sample was dated at 41,250 BCE.
South African scientists probed mining sites in Swaziland, finding twigs, leaves, grass and feathers (ancient bedding). They found notched bones for counting at the 35,000 BCE level, and other artifacts at 50,000 BCE.
The Nephilim came for gold, silver and copper. Platinum is also abundant in South Africa. They may have sought out radioactive minerals such as uranium and cobalt (blue stones that cause ill). Enki was officially in charge, but those who actually did the hard labor were the lesser members of the landing party, the Anunnaki.

Assigned to Anu, to heed his instructions, Three hundred in the heavens he stationed as a guard; the ways of Earth to define from the Heaven; And on Earth, Six hundred he made reside. After he all their instructions had ordered, to the Anunnaki of Heaven and of Earth he allotted their assignments.

The three hundred are the Anunnaki of Heaven, or Igeegee. Their task was to stay aboard larger spacecraft to launch and receive shuttles from Earth. The Anunnaki of Earth numbered at six hundred. Fifty Anunnaki possibly landed at any one time.
The first intention might have been to filter gold from the ocean. Later, the gods were depicted on their hands and knees sifting through soil. The seven Greater Gods were making the lesser gods suffer the work. Babylonian and Assyrian texts disclose that young and old men were sentenced to hard labor in the mines of the Lower Worlds, doomed never to return to their homeland.
The Anunnaki rebellion is described on page 305. Enlil was angry, demanding either the execution of the officer who led the mutiny or threatening to quit his post. Anu sided with the mutineers. Enki first offered to create a lulu, a primitive worker to take the load away from the gods’ shoulders.
Mami, the Mother of the Gods, was tasked with creating the new workers, with the help of Enki. They would be called Man, lulu (primitive), lulu amelu (primitive worker) and awilum (laborer). In the Bible, God is called Lord, Sovereign, King, Ruler and Master. The term translated as ‘worship’ was in fact avod (work).
The moment Man was created, he was put to work in the Garden of Eden.
The Adam = adama = created from Earth’s soil = Earthling
If the Anunnaki toiled for forty periods before the creation of humans, and if each period is a shar, 144,000 Earth years passed before the mutiny. If the Nephilim first landed 450,000 years ago, the creation of man took place about 300,000 years ago. The Bible tells us the Elohim (plural) created Man in their image. The Sumerian writings tell us the proto-human already existed. “Bind upon it,” Enki said. “The image of the gods.”
Sumerian description of Homo Erectus:

When Mankind was created, They knew not the eating of bread, Knew not the dressing in garments; Ate plants with their mouth like sheep; Drank water from a ditch.

A description of the modified Enkidu from the Epic of Gilgamesh:

Shaggy with hair is his whole body, he is endowed with head-hair like a woman.... He knows neither people nor land; Garbed he is like one of the green fields; With gazelles he feeds on grass; With the wild beasts he jostles at the watering place; With the teeming creatures in the water his heart delights.

Berosus wrote of the deity Belus (lord) / Deus (god) bringing forth hideous beings:

Men appeared with two wings, some with four and two faces. They had one body but two heads, the one of a man, the other of a woman. They were likewise in their several organs both male and female.
Other human figures were to be seen with the legs and horns of goats. Some had horses' feet; others had the limbs of a horse behind, but in front were fashioned like men, resembling hippocentaurs. Bulls likewise bred there with the heads of men; and dogs with fourfold bodies, and the tails of fishes. Also horses with the heads of dogs; men too and other animals with the heads and bodies of horses and the tails of fishes. In short, there were creatures with the limbs of every species of animals....
Sitchin continues: Mischievously, then, according to this text—but probably unavoidably, as part of a trial-and-error process—Ninhursag produced a Man who could not hold back his urine, a woman who could not bear children, a being who had neither male nor female organs. All in all, six deformed or deficient humans were brought forth by Ninhursag. Enki was held responsible for the imperfect creation of a man with diseased eyes, trembling hands, a sick liver, a failing heart; a second one with sicknesses attendant upon old age; and so on.

Lulu = one who has been mixed

Enki’s wife Ninti created the first human Man by giving birth to him. This was the first Adam, a combination of Anunnaki sperm and Homo Erectus ovum placed in Ninti. To create duplicate humans, a similar prepared ‘clay’ was placed into the wombs of 14 goddesses, giving the result of 7 males and 7 females. Gilgamesh’s partner Enkidu may have been produced in the same way much later.
Sitchin makes a detestable, but also fascinating, venture by suggesting that Homo Erectus had sex with wild animals. The true reason Adam and Eve were kicked out of the Garden of Eden had to do with the idea that the new humans had figured out this was the wrong thing to do and ungodly in the eyes of the Anunnaki.
He corroborates this with the Epic of Gilgamesh, where Enkidu is out ‘with’ the wild animals until a human woman is appointed to seduce him toward civilized people. I’ve read the Epic before and had trouble visualizing a hairy wild man suddenly becoming tame after having sex with a prostitute, but it makes more sense now if I see it from the point of view of Enkidu being a Homo Erectus (Bigfoot?) sort of creature. I’m not saying I fully accept Sitchin’s premise, but at least he is trying to piece things together that most scholars avoid because of the racy, bestiality implications.
The God of the Garden of Eden and the Serpent in the garden could stand for Enlil and Enki, respectively.

Serpent = Nahash = NHSH = to decipher, to find out

The land outside the Garden of Eden was difficult to work. Humans moved away from civilized society and to their wilder, baser animalistic sides. The final straw took place when the gods began taking human consorts. That’s when ‘deity’ decided to wipe humans from the face of the Earth.
Discussion on the Deluge / Great Flood begins on page 350. The Bible contains an edited version of earlier Mesopotamian texts. The Biblical Noah is derived from Ziusudra (Sumerian) and Utnapishtim (Akkadian). This person was later taken up to the Heavenly Abode until Gilgamesh went there while seeking immortality.
In Utnapishtim’s version of the Deluge, the gods voted on the destruction of humanity. Enki searched out Utnapishtim, ruler of Shuruppak, to warn him. Enki told Utnapishtim to build a boat and gather the seed of all living things. Utnapishtim’s plan was to sail to the Lower World. (Another name for Utnapishtim is Atra-Hasis, from the Akkadian.)
Enlil’s first plan was to exterminate humanity with pestilence and sickness. These included: aches, dizziness, chills, fever, disease, sickness, plague and pestilence (radiation poisoning?). Enki stepped in to prevent the extermination. Enlil tried a second time through famine, cutting off humanity from even the fish in the sea. Utnapishtim went to Enki for help. At first, Enki was reluctant to go against the vote of the gods. He wavered, finally, when he told Utnapistim to have the people rebel against the gods.
When this rebellion took place, Enlil ordered a meeting of the elders and accused Enki of subterfuge. At first, Enki lied and shifted the blame for feeding humanity on others. When Enlil didn’t believe him, Enki laughed in his face. This made Enlil angry enough to try another tactic to exterminate humanity. This time, he would withhold information about a great flood that was forecast for the future. The gods swore they would not tell humanity of this ‘Killing Flood.’ Enki refused at first, but he was forced to go along with the decision of Anu, Enlil and Ninhursag.
Enki deceived Enlil because he’d sworn not to tell humans about the upcoming catastrophe. Instead, he told a reed wall, while Atra-Hasis was standing behind it. Atra-Hasis stated he didn’t know how to build a boat. Enki as a Serpent God gave him plans to build, not an ark like in Noah’s story, but a submarine. The boat was roofed over and below with tough pitch. It had no decks and no openings. It was to be like an Apsu boat.

Ulili = Apsu* boat (Sumerian) = oleleth = submarine (Hebrew)

* Recall that Apsu means ‘the deep.’

Atra-Hasis / Utnapishim was told to wait for the sign of a ‘rain of eruptions.’ This sign would be the signal for him to enter his boat and escape the Deluge. Shamash was in charge of the spaceport at Sippar. When the Nephilim boarded their ships and left Earth to avoid the Deluge, their launches were seen 112 miles away at Shuruppak.
Ninhursag, the Mother Goddess who created the first Man, grieved for the dead humans. The gods were ordered to return to the Heavenly Abode, but many had grown attached to Earth and wanted to return. They debated whether or not they would go back.
It is possible that Enki instructed the submarine’s navigator to head toward the familiar landmark of Mt. Ararat.
Historian Berosus adds a few details to the account. The god Cronus warned Sisithros (Atra-Hasis backwards, Sitchin says) that a flood was coming, and to conceal every available writing in Shamash’s city of Sippar. When Sisithros was taken to the Heavenly Abode, he explained that the rest of the people in the ark / submarine were in Armenia, and would make their way back to Babylon on foot. Mt. Ararat is found in Armenia.
Enlil was angry at first, when he saw that humans had survived the Great Flood. He got over it, apparently, as he made his peace with the remnants of humanity and took Atra-Hasis up the abode of the gods.

Recent Ice Ages according to mainstream science:
75,000 years ago - Ice Age begins
40,000 y.a. - Earth goes through mini warming
38,000 y.a. - harsher, colder, drier period begins
13,000 y.a. - (11,000 BCE, a key period according to many researchers) Ice Age ends, present mild climate begins

The ten pre-Diluvial Bible patriarchs from Adam to Noah might parallel the ten pre-Diluvial rulers of the Sumerian kings lists in some way. The last two Sumerian kings, Ziusudra / Utnapishtim and his father Ubar-Tutu, were described as men, not gods. This parallels Noah and his father Lamech. In the Sumerian lists, the two reigned a combined 64,800 years until the Deluge took place. The last Ice Age from 75,000 to 13,000 years ago lasted 62,000 years, fitting in perfectly with the estimate of 64,800.
The extremely harsh conditions in the Atra-Hasis account lasted 7 shars, or 25,200 years. Scientists have evidence of an extremely harsh period from 38,000 to 13,000 years ago, a span of 25,000 years, which again fits in with the Sumerian figures. The last Ice Age might have ended when Antarctic ice sheets broke free and slipped into the water, creating massive tidal waves that raised ocean levels by 60 feet.
Atra-Hasis describes the Deluge:

The Moon disappeared.... The appearance of the weather changed; The rains roared in the clouds.... The winds became savage... the Deluge set out, its might came upon the people like a battle; One person did not see another, they were not recognizable in the destruction. The Deluge bellowed like a bull; The winds whinnied like a wild ass. The darkness was dense; The Sun could not be seen.

Gilgamesh describes the Deluge, even pointing out it came from the south:

With the glow of dawn a black cloud arose from the horizon; inside it the god of storms thundered.... Everything that had been bright turned to blackness.... For one day the south storm blew, gathering speed as it blew, submerging the mountains.... Six days and six nights blows the wind as the South Storm sweeps the land. When the seventh day arrived, the Deluge of the South Storm subsided.

What triggered the end of the Ice Age? Sitchin suggests it was the passing of the 12th Planet. From a Sumerian / Akkadian description:

His (meaning the 12th Planet) weapon is the Deluge; God whose Weapon brings death to the wicked. Supreme, Supreme, Anointed ... Who like the Sun, the lands crosses; The Sun, his god, he frightens.

The arrival of the 12th Planet is corroborated. The inscription tells us it passed Jupiter and neared Earth ‘at Akiti time,’ when the Mesopotamian New Year began. By the second month it was closest to Mars. From the second month to the month Addar (the 12th month), it loosed the Deluge upon Earth. The Bible states ‘the fountains of the great deep burst open’ on the 17th day of the 2nd month. The ark came to rest on Ararat on the 7th month. Dry land was visible on the 10th month, and the Deluge was over in the 12th month. On the 1st day of the 1st month, Noah opened the ark’s hatch.

Zodiac Ages:
2100 AD to 60 BC—Age of Pisces
60 BC to 2220 BC—Age of Aries
2220 BC to 4380 BC—Age of Taurus
4380 BC to 6540 BC—Age of Gemini
6540 BC to 8700 BC—Age of Cancer
8700 BC to 10,860 BC—Age of the Lion

Sitchin’s Timeline:
Years Ago - Event
445,000 - The Nefilim, led by Enki, arrive on Earth from the Twelfth Planet. Eridu—Earth Station I—is established in southern Mesopotamia.
430,000 - The great ice sheets begin to recede. A hospitable climate in the Near East.
415,000 - Enki moves inland, establishes Larsa.
400,000 - The great interglacial period spreads globally. Enlil arrives on Earth, establishes Nippur as Mission Control Center. Enki establishes sea routes to southern Africa, organizes gold-mining operations.
360,000 - The Nefilim establish Bad-Tibira as their metallurgical center for smelting and refining. Sippar, the spaceport, and other cities of the gods are built.
300,000 - The Anunnaki mutiny. Man—the "Primitive Worker"—is fashioned by Enki and Ninhursag.
250,000 - "Early Homo sapiens" multiply, spread to other continents.
200,000  - Life on Earth regresses during new glacial period.
100,000  - Climate warms again. The sons of the gods take the daughters of Man as wives.
77,000 - Ubartutu/Lamech, a human of divine parentage, assumes the reign in Shuruppak under the patronage of Ninhursag.
75,000 - The "accursation of Earth"—a new ice age—begins. Regressive types of Man roam Earth.
49,000 - The reign of Ziusudra ("Noah"), a "faithful servant" of Enki, begins.
38,000 - The harsh climatic period of the "seven passings" begins to decimate Mankind. Europe's Neanderthal Man disappears; only Cro-Magnon Man (based in the Near East) survives. Enlil, disenchanted with Mankind, seeks its demise.
13,000 - The Nephilim, aware of the impending tidal wave that will be triggered by the nearing Twelfth Planet, vow to let Mankind perish. The Deluge sweeps over Earth, abruptly ending the ice age.

When the Anunnaki returned to Earth, they started rebuilding right away by re-establishing agriculture. Also, they wanted to distance themselves from humanity by a layer, and instituted kings who would rule in their stead. The tiara or crown on the head, and the scepter or shepherd’s crook (staff) in hand became symbols of righteousness and justice. The three regions where the descendants of Atra-Hasis went were the Nile Valley, Lower Mesopotamia and the Indus Valley.
In 1852, Charles Foster showed that all languages stemmed from one primeval source - Sumerian. Similarly, pictographs had not only similar meanings, but also the same multiple meanings and phonetic sounds, suggesting a common origin.
The Nephilim continued to bicker among themselves, passing their rivalries on to their offspring. In time, the gods became disunited overlords who guarded their territories, industries or professions. Ancient kings claimed they went to war, conquered new lands and subjugated distant peoples ‘on the command of my god.’

Final note: The sources list at the end of Sitchin’s book is 5 pages long.

#####

Conclusion

After finishing my analysis of this book, I am surprised that so many things mesh well with my personal views. I’m talking about subjects that run parallel to Sitchin’s 12th Planet theories, such as other researchers’ ideas of a rogue planet coming into our solar system to cause disruptions, with strange, exotic names such as The Destroyer (Kolbrin Bible), Hercolobus (Carlos Ferrada), Marduk (Babylon) and Wormwood (Christian Bible), to the present day Planet X / Nibiru speculation. That’s just one example of many, many I happen to already agree with. I came across some surprises, too.
The biggest surprise for me was the notion that there was never a Hades or Hell in the ancient world; this came about due to a mis-translation of Enki’s Lower World (South Africa, or the Southern Hemisphere). Another surprise was finding out how ‘human’ the Anunnaki gods were, as in their emotions and reactions. Sitchin makes me wonder if the gods are only a half-step higher than normal people like us, possibly only technologically advanced ‘mortals’ that have mastered space travel and the aging process. Just look at all the jealousies, infighting, backstabbing and incest going on from the supposed ‘gods.’ Is it any wonder why our world is as screwed up as it is?
Some critics argue that Sitchin was inventing things on the fly, but I didn’t find that to be the case. He lists five pages of good, credible sources at the end of the book. Sitchin properly gives credit to other authors, citing their specific ideas and findings, and providing many book titles for further research. He does make some jumps from point A and B to point C, but some of that can’t be helped because historical knowledge has been lost, or tablets were found broken and we simply don’t know their entire contents. Sitchin was pushing the narrative forward by making bold personal conclusions. Apparently, this shakes the Deniers so much they immediately go on the defensive to debunk him.
The other big criticism was that Sitchin tried too hard to conform to Christianity and Judaism. Yes, I did see a lot of this throughout the book, but again, you can’t blame a person for sticking to what they are most familiar with. If Sitchin had been born in India, for example, and he was religious, he might have a natural bias towards Hinduism or Islam. There are many instances where Sitchin shows how the Bible took Sumerian tales and re-branded them as genuine Christianity / Judaism, yet he is still compelled to prop those religions up because he was part of them. Once the reader understands that, he or she can move on and continue reading the book. It does not mean you should put his book down, or never pick it up in the first place.
Sitchin can’t be right about everything; nobody can. But he does bring many new and re-imagined pieces to the table. That’s a lot more than the perennial Deniers are doing by keeping their holds on the old paradigms of heavenly / godly domination and human subservience, where the clergy gets to tell us what ‘god’ really said or really meant. Even if Sitchin is only 60 to 70% correct in his assumptions, that’s still a world away from the limited, biased, self-serving history the Deniers are giving us. There are many topics in the 12th Planet that a good researcher can verify through other sources.
I could go a little further into the implications of the 12th Planet coming by again, especially in light of the massive world changes and government cover-ups going on today. Remember that Enlil (Yahweh) knew Nibiru’s passing was going to cause great and violent changes on Earth, but he didn’t want to tell humans about it so he could get rid of them. He even swore the other Anunnaki higher gods into a pact of secrecy. A lot of people think we’re coming to such an End Of The World event in the present, and the world governments aren’t addressing any of it, not the hurried push for vaccines, the Chemtrails, the loss of crops, the many natural disasters or the tons of meteors that might hit Earth every other week, it seems. I’ll save that speculation for another article.
Suffice to say that Sitchin puts together a compelling argument with excellent foundations and plausible, forward-reaching suppositions, regarding how humanity was first created and what our ‘gods’ are really like.

Download Sitchin’s 12th Planet book on Archive.org:
https://archive.org/details/B-001-000-340/page/n3
https://archive.org/search.php?query=creator%3A%22Sitchin%2C+Zecharia%22

#####

Media Reviews

Books

Writer’s Review: Six Studies Of Out Of The Body Experiences by Charles Tart (1997)
My Rating: 3 Stars
I acquired this article in PDF from through the Internet. Originally, it was published in Journal Of Near Death Studies, March 30, 1997. It is 17 pages long. Tart’s credentials include 35 years of scientific study. Right off the bat, Tart gets high marks because he states that he differentiates between objective science and biased scientism. Also, in three of his studies Tart had the well-known Robert Monroe as a test subject. Monroe wrote several books on OBE experiences and founded the Monroe Institute.
This article is fine for providing general overviews Tart’s studies. He gives us the parameters of the studies, the number of test subjects participating in each and a simple result tabulation of his results. A couple of studies only had one subject, for example, with Tart documenting interviews taken before and after the study.
For a writer such as myself, unfortunately, there isn’t enough meat here to produce much of a story. I’m not blaming Tart, because he did his thing and made annotations for his findings. The results were sometimes successful, but sometimes they weren’t, and there wasn’t any particular tantalizing direction for me to speculate a full plot out of.
I can write a generalized horror story about an OBE subject attacking other people in their minds or their sleep, for example, but it would have to be a short story, or the sort of killing spree horror movie plot I don’t really like to write. Or, I could turn things around and have an OBE subject ‘see’ something they aren’t supposed to, such as a murder or an alien base, but then it turns into a cliché hunt for the good guy that is way overused in today’s fiction world. Lastly, how about an OBE test participant that meets and falls in love with someone in the Astral Plane, and while he’s trying to meet this person in real life he becomes involved in one of the scarier scenarios I mentioned above. That for me would be a 20 to 30 page story, max. I really need deeper levels of OBE research for my characters to get swept into and crawl their way out of to write a longer story, and I simply didn’t get that from this one article. I do have other, longer books on the subject in my reading cue, so I might come up with what I need later, if I pursue this as a story idea.
As a spiritualist, I am disappointed in how hit and miss the results were. Modifying the test parameters could have created a better focus, and produced potentially better results, but for the most part the chances of success were never at 100%. Even the recorded successes were only partial, as subjects got some things right when describing how they were sent to remote locations, but they also got many things wrong. Clearly an OBE subject went ‘somewhere,’ but what they witnessed was not 100% what they should have seen, and therefore the results were not substantial or concrete enough to give us high probabilities of success or absolutes about the Astral Plane.
This is the sort of outcome people get in every other sort of true, other-dimensional ‘magic,’ such as divination, fortunetelling, witchcraft and even prayer. Sometimes will and intent are enough to produce verifiable successes, but most of the time they don’t. I feel like the universal laws in other dimensions are fluid, or perhaps affected by Spirit Guides or other entities, and become more subjective and individual than objective. That puts Out Of Body Experiences more in line with the realm of alchemy. You’ve heard the saying:

Insanity is repeating the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.

Yeah, that saying is fine for the pragmatists and the materialists, but what about those of us who have witnessed firsthand the workings of entities and events that cannot be explained by conventional, closed-minded science? By sticking to the five human senses, too many people are ignoring (and belittling) important aspects of our existence, including the aforementioned alchemy, true magic, the Law of Attraction, and positive prayer that may at times cause otherwise unexplainable miracles. The bottom line is that some of us know there are other worlds / dimensions around us, but we still can’t prove it.

Writer’s Review: The 12th Planet by Zecharia Sitchin (1976)
My Rating: 5 Stars.
This is book 1 in the series The Earth Chronicles.
First off, if you’re going to read this book, you should approach it with an open mind. You’re not going to get much out of it if you’re initially biased against it. Second, even if you are open-minded, you might run into a lot of material you won’t be able to grasp or believe. Sitchin jumps all over the place in trying to prove his hypothesis that ancient Sumeria is the place where everything first began. He’ll trod over Greece, Rome, Egypt, the Near East, the Middle East and India, and he’ll do so with heavy boots. Also, a lot of you might be offended by how casually Sitchin had the Anunnaki gods humping their relatives nearly all the time. We see this in Greece and Rome, and to a lesser extent even in the Bible when certain patriarchs marry their half-sisters and such, but Sitchin throws this at us over and over and over. Having said all that, this book is excellent in how it tries to tie everything together. It is worth the time to read it, and it answers a lot of questions that make most other historians or theologians uncomfortable.
As a writer, I have a ton of material to work with. We have descriptions of an ancient race of gods, their palaces and their attributes. We see how human these gods are in their actions towards each other and towards the humanity they allegedly created. Just from the angle of personal relationships, I could easily write a soap opera-type scenario based in Atlantis or outer space or some other fantasy setting. On top of that, we see what early civilizations were like from a general perspective, such as the Hittites, the Hurrians, the Amorites, the Akkadians, the Hebrews, etc., as seen from Anunnaki eyes. The tie-ins between Sumerian, India and Greece / Rome are outstanding, and also in the way Sitchin gives us the evolution of critically important words, such as ‘shem.’
According to mainstream historians, the word shem is given as meaning ‘name.’ In the Biblical example of the Tower of Babel, we see humans building up a huge tower to make a name for themselves. However, when we substitute ‘name’ for ‘spaceship,’ it gives a whole new meaning to that specific fable and also several others Sitchin points out. That’s only one word! There are many other similar ideas Sitchin presents that turn established presumptions on their head, and many of these revolutionary ideas match well with my previous research into ancient cultures, including Babylon, Canaan, Chaldea, Egypt, India and others. There is too much information here to ignore, and a lot of it cannot be easily debunked. Sitchin can’t be right about everything, nobody can, but he puts a lot of things, and I mean a lot of things, into historical perspective. Unless and until we find an advanced civilization that precedes Sumeria, I don’t think it will be debunked. This book will change the way you think about everything!

Documentaries

No documentaries reviewed this time.

Movies

Even The Rain (2012) starring Gael Bernal
Director: Iciar Bollain
Starring: Gael Bernal, Luis Tosar
Genre: political drama, international
Storyline: As a director and his crew shoot a controversial film about Christopher Columbus in Cochabamba, Bolivia, local people rise up against plans to privatize the water supply.
Run time: 103 minutes
Rating: 7.5 on imbd, 4 out of 5 stars on my scorecard
I believe I got this DVD movie from a bulk lot at a garage sale, where I didn’t know anything about it before putting it into my player. It turned out to be a pretty good watch. The story is about a Spanish movie company traveling to Bolivia to film a historically accurate film about Christopher Columbus and his mistreatment of the indigenous peoples he came across. One of the natives hired for a key role in the film (Juan Atuviri who plays Daniel and Atuey), is also involved in a big dispute with the local government over water rights for his village. As the political tension between the Bolivian people and the local hierarchy heats up, the continuation of the Columbus production is put more at risk, leading to a huge, city-wide riot in the movie’s climax.
To be sure, there are a few instances where director Bollain had to maneuver events in the Bolivian village to roughly match what was going on in the Columbus film. There were also some spots where the idea of the mistreatment of indigenous people was pushed just short of ‘too much saturation.’ We see this both in the way the natives were treated by Columbus and his soldiers, as well as in the way the local authorities view and bully the Bolivian villagers. To the director’s credit, he kept it from becoming overkill.
The Spanish director, the producer and the crew are all well to do characters being put into a poor village, resulting in some expected culture shock. They did an excellent job, I feel, in how these Spanish actors used their First World attitudes and emotional responses to cover over some of the social issues that are continually churned around throughout the movie. I can see the internal change that took place in director Bernal and producer Tosar, where they go from caring more about their film production to caring more about the plight of the poor Bolivians. Also well done was the manner in which the Spanish actors saw things, how they played their roles in the Columbus film, and in the way they bickered and snapped at each other, then banded together when things in town started getting out of hand. The Spanish actors did great.
I can’t say the same for the Bolivian section of the cast. For the most part, the local men were suspicious and bitter. The women wailed or chattered more than they spoke clearly and intelligently, and Daniel could be counted on to do, every single time, exactly the opposite of what the Spanish movie people wanted him to do. Daniel, his wife and his daughter had the most face-time, but they weren’t much more than 2D people.
Despite this, the movie had enough twists and turns to pull me in emotionally. I study a lot of what goes on in Latin America from Mexico to Argentina and everything in between, and I have seen many atrocities being committed against the local people by the lighter-skinned Europeans who are usually in charge. (Bolivia is the only country that has an indigenous president.) If you haven’t looked into how badly the Conquistadors treated the natives, you’ll be shown a lot of that in this movie, and there were many, many cases of atrocities that took place, including natives having to pay their weight in gold or risk severe punishment, or native mothers forced to drown their babies before the European soldiers could find them and murder them. This is how greedy men were, and how greedy they still are today, so we can only hope that such horrendous crimes against humanity never occur again. And thanks, greedy Catholic Church of Rome, for making a lot of that horrific evil possible, even if the movie downplayed its role somewhat.

#####

I Want Contributors!

ADVERTISERS: If you have artwork, a book, a movie or some other product you’d like to promote, send me an e-mail and let’s see if it fits in with the e-zine. I would love to promote material from amateur or independent producers. It’s a straight deal at this point; I will post your ad, and you can help me promote the e-zine. I don’t think I’ll get a sudden flood of advertisers, but if I do, this barter idea might evolve into something more complex. For now, free is the key word!
GENERAL PUBLIC: Readers, I am looking for submissions from you! You can send in your short stories (up to 10 - 15 pages or around 6,000 words), sample chapters, digital artwork, media reviews, commentary, author interviews, general feedback and articles on writing. These can be in a variety of topics, including history, mythology, the paranormal, the metaphysical, political corruption, advances in science, LARPing, whatever, as long as it has some kind of non-mainstream strangeness to it. How about some poetry? Fiction can range from MEDIUM to HIGH controversy, or about from PG to R ratings, because I don’t like pop culture fluff or vicarious cat stories. Bleah! I take cats apart here, sew them up and make little Frankenstein Kitties out of them.
This e-zine is a FREE publication with no outside advertising. As such, I can only reward contributors with exposure and a free digital copy. On the plus side, you have a new venue that you can pass around while promoting your work. Anything that comes along my way will be considered Creative Commons ‘copy and share’ material, and everything submitted will remain the property of the creator.
Send your submissions to:
raymondtowers777 @ yahoo dot com

About The Publisher / Author

Greetings, reader. My pen name is Raymond Towers. Primarily, I write darker fiction in the fantasy, horror and science fiction genres, but I do dabble about in other genres as well depending on my whims. I like to think that I have a unique perspective on the world and life in general, and I tend to shake things up to break people out of their doldrums. If you want to read something 'safe,' then I'm probably not the author for you. My favorite authors are in a wide range, from Asimov, Clarke and Farmer, to King, Lovecraft and Poe, to Burroughs, Tolkien and Twain. All the big names, as that is the level I aspire to reach. I especially enjoy combining aspects you won't normally see together in fiction, and on taking the next step and reaching for the farthest, blackest edge of the abyss. The place where most other authors leave off, that is the place where I get started. The question is; are you ready for that?
If you’ve enjoyed reading this magazine, please consider posting a review or leaving a comment. I encourage constructive criticism and feedback submitted with positive intentions. For more details on my books and writing, I’ve listed my websites below. Thank you for your support, and if you enjoyed the content, be sure to pass this magazine along to others!

Send me an e-mail at:
RaymondTowers777@yahoo.com

My main author website at Raymond Towers Dot Com:
http://www.raymondtowers.com/

My author page on Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/raymondtowers

My writer’s blog on Wordpress:
https://raymondmtowers.wordpress.com

My research blog on hidden truth and conspiracies, Verum Et Inventa:
https://verumetinventa.wordpress.com/
