VICKI IN VIEWLAND

by


Steve Weissman



Copyright © 2020 Steve Weissman

All rights reserved.

ISBN: 978-0-6488482-7-1


Rabbit photo by Stefan Fluck. 
Many thanks to Stefan for sharing their work on Unsplash.
CONTENTS

Chapter 1 - Vicki 

Chapter 2 - Jay 

Chapter 3 - Principal Box 

Chapter 4 - Views, views, views 

Chapter 5 - Stupid 

Chapter 6 - Vicki's home 

Chapter 7 - Caitlin & Alfred 

Chapter 8 - Mr. Harder 

Chapter 9 - True home 

Chapter 10 - TODAY!

Chapter 11 - The Rabbit 

Chapter 12 - Viewland 

Chapter 13 - President Buckle 

Chapter 14 - Backward Man 

Chapter 15 - Medieval village 

Chapter 16 - Doorman 

Chapter 17 - Surfer Dude 

Chapter 18 - Bluejay 

Chapter 19 - Count Alf 

Chapter 20 - Agent 007 Flathead 

Chapter 21 - I-Potty 

Chapter 22 - Queen Victoria 

Chapter 23 - The Garbage Man 

Chapter 24 - SMASH 

Chapter 25 - The Thicket of Views 

Chapter 26 - Food views 

Chapter 27 - Tollman 

Chapter 28 - It's not Jay 

Chapter 29 - March, march, march 

Chapter 30 - Arrest her!

Chapter 31 - Vicki challenges President Buckle 

Chapter 32 - The First Battle 

Chapter 33 - Onward to the Greatest Battle 

Chapter 34 - Arrival 

Chapter 35 - The Greatest Battle 

Chapter 36 - Vicki can't go home 

Chapter 37 - In Jay's arms 

Chapter 38 - New Views!

About the Author

Steve's 12 stories

* * * * *
Chapter 1
Vicki

* * * * *

Viewing through binoculars, two-story homes line a small town street.
Handsome and muscular Jay, 15, zips around the left corner on his 18-speed bike with a large basket on the back, filled with fat Sunday newspapers.
Vicki's voice, "Oh God, Jay's here."
Looking through different shaped binoculars, Jay approaches from the right.
Caitlin's voice, "Oh God, oh God!"
Jay stops at the first house, slides a paper in the paper box.
A ferocious barking German Shepherd bounds over a fence, charges straight at Jay.
Vicki's voice, "OH, NO!"
Jay smiles, whistles and pulls out some dog biscuits from his pocket.
The dog halts abruptly, wags its tail while Jay holds a biscuit up in the air.
The dog stands for its reward.
Vicki's voice, "OH! OH!
Jay rides to the next house.
From her second story bedroom window in the house across the street to Jay, Caitlin, 13, chubby, chews her fingernails while she talks into her cell phone and peers through binoculars.
Caitlin, "Vicki, he's almost at your house."
Vicki's voice, "Oh God, Caitlin! What should I do?"
Jay delivers to the third house.
Caitlin's voice, "Go, get out, go!"
Vicki's voice, "I, I can't, I'm frozen."
Jay pulls up to the fourth house.
Caitlin's voice, "He's there!"
A young teenage girl's bedroom.
Cut-off jeans and tight T-shirt, Vicki's back looks like a cute 13 year old girl.
She leans against a huge triple glass window, her bare feet fidget as if she stands on fire.
She looks through binoculars and talks in a cell phone.
Vicki, "I'm going-- no, I can't."
Through the other sections of glass, Jay slides a paper into Vicki's family paper box.
Caitlin's voice, "Oh..."
Jay rides to the next house.
Vicki, "Oh..."
Vicki drops her binoculars and crashes backward on her bed.
Her face displays semi-rapture.
Vicki, "Next week..."
Caitlin's voice, "Vicki!"
Vicki looks at her desk area and smiles.
Twenty photos of Jay on his bike adorn the wall.
Caitlin's voice, "Vicki!"

* * * * *

Jay's photo rests in Vicki's hands as she sits on her front yard grass, dreaming.
Caitlin's voice, "Vicki!"
Vicki jumps up, slides the photo in her pocket, and races to Caitlin who pulls a red wagon.
The side of the wagon reads, MT. HOLLIN ORPHANAGE.

* * * * *

Vicki rings the door bell of another street's house.
An elderly woman opens the door.
Vicki, "Hi, Ma'am, we're collecting toys or donations for Mt. Hollin Orphanage."
Elderly Woman, "That's sweet, but I send checks."
She shuts the door.

* * * * *

Caitlin knocks on the door of a second house.
Vicki stands behind her.
A man's grumpy voice, "No soliciting!"
Vicki, "It's for charity.
Man's voice, "Go away!"

* * * * *

Vicki knocks on the door of a third house.
Dejected, Caitlin sits on the wagon.
A 10-year old kid opens the door.
Vicki, "Hi, we're collecting toys or--"
Kid, "Hey, sure!"
He races away.
Caitlin springs up.
The kid returns with a box of small toys, and a big grin on his face.
Kid, "Here!"
Vicki, "Thank you very much. And here for you."
She hands him a button that reads, THANK YOU FROM MT. HOLLIN ORPHANAGE.
Kid, "Awesome."
He shuts the door.
Vicki and Caitlin nod to each other.
Vicki, "Some do care."

* * * * *
CHAPTER 2
Jay

* * * * *

Kids hang out during lunchtime at a middle school playground. Text, talk, play.
Vicki chats with Caitlin near an open area.
Across the street a huge demolition crane swings a large ball, smashes it into the crumbling building.
Caitlin, "You ever think what could happen if that crane smashed the wrong building? You know, what if it got the wrong address and was smashing the school?"
Vicki, "Never - look, there's Jay!"
Across the open area, Jay stands about fifteen feet away from a small boy with thick glasses who sits by himself.
School bully, Tex, 14, crew-cut red hair, and his buddy, Bob, 14, approach the boy.
Tex grabs the boy's lunch bag.
Jay, "Hey!"
Jay strides over.
Tex and Bob sneer at him.
All three are about the same size, but Jay's muscles bulge.
Tex, "This ain't your business."
Jay, "You look hungry."
Tex's lip quivers.
Jay, "The sandwich you're looking for isn't in there."
Tex and Bob spread apart.
Jay keeps his eyes on Tex and his awareness on Bob.
Tex, "And what type would that be, smart guy?"
Jay, "Knuckle sandwich."
Jay punches Tex in the mouth.
Tex falls.
Jay turns to Bob, who raises his arms high.
Bob backs off, "No, sorry, Jay, really."
Tex staggers up, head down, stumbles away.
Jay, "Hey."
Jay points at the boy's lunch bag on the ground.
Tex shrugs, picks it up, hands it to the boy.
He turns to go.
Jay, "Hey."
Tex, "Shit!"
Jay, "Do it."
Tex looks at the boy, "Sorry, kid."
Sour-faced Tex turns to Jay, who smiles.
Jay, "You don't have to be a bully."
Tex and Bob split.
Jay sits down next to the boy, gives him a reassuring pat.
Jay, "They're just full of hot air."
The boy smiles wide.
Vicki watches and swoons.

* * * * *
CHAPTER 3
Principal Box

* * * * *

Above one basketball hoop in the school gymnasium, reads a banner, GO BLUEJAYS.
Vicki and Caitlin sit amongst two hundred students who semi-listen to the school principal, Mr. Box, 65, short with thick glasses.
He stands on a crate so he can look over the podium.
Principal Box, "You are here in life to learn. So... I have these words for you. The world's not flat. Inner peace has a small "I". Step back, see beyond."
Vicki, "What did he say?"
Caitlin, "Don't know."
Vicki sits forward, strains to understand.
Principal Box, "You can not fake forever. Don't sleep too much. Growing is change. Dare to care. Beautiful views or ugly views."
Vicki, "Something about views."
Caitlin, "I'm getting a headache."
Principal Box, "Mental blindness is worse than physical blindness. Yourself, others, yourself and others, yourself or others. It either matters or doesn't matter."
Vicki, "What matters?"
Caitlin, "I'm hungry."
Principal Box, "And my final words, why do you think you are always right?"
Vicki scrunches her face.

* * * * *

A perplexed Vicki and bored Caitlin exit the Gym into a hallway.
Vicki, "Did you understand what he meant?"
Caitlin, "No way."
Vicki, "I think it was important, but--"
Caitlin, "Yeah."
They shake their heads and shrug.
Vicki and Caitlin, "School is stupid."

* * * * *
Chapter 4
Views, views, views

* * * * *

Computer classroom.
Vicki sits in the back.
Behind her, the wall displays various computers and accessories.
She looks out the window.
Computer teacher, "The iPod, iMac, iPhone, iPad, i-everything have revolutionized the world. With all our I-gadgets, we can make ourselves happier and happier."

* * * * *

Science classroom.
Vicki sits in the back, below posters of the solar system and space.
She stares blankly at the teacher.
Science teacher, "Although science is pure, our perceptions may be different and even wrong at times.
The Teacher points at two photos of the moon, taken at different angles, "Now, who can see the 'man in the moon' and who sees a 'rabbit in the moon'?"
Many kids raise their hands or yell out.
Some kids, "Man!"
Other kids, "Rabbit!"
Vicki squints at the moon photos.

* * * * *

Home Education classroom.
Vicki sits in the back.
The Home Education teacher points at wall boards showing various foods and vitamin/mineral charts, "Here we have a Vegetarian meal. A Fruitarian meal. A super Protein drink. A Grapefruit diet. Egg diet. Carbs diet. Fats diet. McDonald's diet. Pizza diet."
Vicki scratches her head, confused.

* * * * *

Economics classroom.
Vicki sits in the back.
Wall Street and bank ads grace the wall.
She frowns toward the teacher.
Economics teacher, "Credit is your answer to any money problem. It's vital that you have a credit card to help the economy. Buying things keeps our society growing."

* * * * *

History classroom.
Vicki sits in the back beside a girl wearing polka dots and a fellow wearing a checkered shirt.
She admires Jay's photo, which rests in the middle of an open history book, next to a picture of Christopher Columbus.
The teacher, Mr. Harder's voice calls out, "Vicki!"
She snaps her book shut.
Eyes wide, she looks up at pudgy Mr. Harder, 50, who stands at the blackboard, frowning and chewing bubble gum.
Vicki, "Yes, Mr. Harder."
Mr. Harder, "In case you need reminding, we are discussing views, opinions and beliefs. And what was the world view prior to Columbus?"
Vicki, "Yes, the view, uh, the view, uh..."
Lawrence, 13, pimply with glasses, sporting a flat-top hair style, whips his hand up, "Mr. Harder!
Mr. Harder shakes his head, points at Lawrence.
Lawrence, "Flat, Sir, flatter than Vicki's brain waves right now, Sir."
Laughter roars.
Though Mr. Harder and Vicki don't join in.
Mr. Harder, "Lawrence, please--"
Adamant, Vicki stands, "Views, views, views, all of you can have your stupid views."
She strides out.
Mr. Harder, "Vicki! Don't you call me stupid!"

* * * * *
Chapter 5
Stupid

* * * * *

Infuriated, Mr. Harder stands in the principal's office, chewing his gum at a super fast pace.
Principal Box sits in a chair three times too big.
Behind Principal Box is a painting of a majestic red barn, complete with a Rooster shaped weather vane and haystacks.
Principal Box, "Stupid? Was that her view? Did she really call you stupid? Because if she really did call you stupid, that would really be stupid, eh, Mr. Softer."
Mr. Harder, "Harder, Principal Box. Yes, stupid."
Principal Box jumps up on his chair, "Harder? What? Are you calling me, stupid? Don't you think I'm hard enough? I'll kick her out of school."
Mr. Harder smirks, blows a bubble, sucks it back in.
Principal Box, "You go tell her parents, she's kicked out."
Mr. Harder, "Yes, Sir."
Principal Box shoves papers off his desk and sits on it, "Though we mustn't be so hasty. Maybe tomorrow."
Mr. Harder, "But, Sir--"
Principal Box, "Quiet, Mr. Softer! When it comes to understanding me, you're just too stupid."

* * * * *
Chapter 6
Vicki's home

* * * * *

Vicki stomps in, slams the front door shut and throws herself on the living room couch.
Vicki, "Stupid! School is stupid! Those teachers are stuuuu-pid!"
Mom's voice, "Victoria, is that you?
Vicki, "Vicki, Mom! I want to be called Vicki now."
Mom, 40, British accent, in an apron displaying London's Big Ben, enters from the kitchen, "Oh, honey, to me, you'll always be Victoria."
Brother Hank, 10, speedy, coasts in on his skateboard. His shirt displays a skateboard with wings on it.
Mom, "Hank!"
Hank, "Yes, Mom, yes, Mom..."
He slides the board out the door, "Yes, Mom."
He grins wide, races to Mom and gives her a huge hug, "You're the world's greatest Mom!"
Mom, "Oh, Hank, you're such a sweetie, there's white brownies with caramel buttons in the fridge."
Hank zips to the kitchen, licking his lips and rubbing his hands together.
Mom, "Victoria, why can't you be more like Hank?"
Vicki, "Agggh!"
Dad, 45, typical desk workers' gut, arrives home, "Hank! You get that damn skateboard off the front walk. Someone's going to trip on it one day."
Hank races out of the kitchen, brownies in each hand, crumbs on his face, "Yes, Dad, yes, Dad.
But instead of out the door, he zooms up the stairs, "Later, Dad, later, Dad."
Dad, "Hank! Why can't you be more like Vicki?"
Vicki hops off the couch, gives Dad a thankful smile and follows Hank up the stairs.
Dad and Mom kiss "hello".
Dad, "I wonder if I was like that when I was ten?"
Mom, "I wonder if I was like that when I was thirteen?"

* * * * *

Vicki enters her room, glances at a wall poster of "The Wizard of Oz."
She turns on an audio system, "Over the Rainbow".
She smiles towards Jay's photos, pretends to close dance with someone and sings to the music.
Vicki, "Somewhere over the rainbow / Way up high / There's a land that I heard of / Once in a lullaby..."

* * * * *
Chapter 7
Caitlin & Alfred

* * * * *

Vicki picks at her school lunch in the cafeteria.
She tosses some crumbs to a couple of Bluejays, sitting on an open window frame.
Vicki, "If happy little bluebirds fly / Beyond the rainbow / Why, oh why can't I?"
Caitlin reaches over and forks some of what Vicki pushes away.
Caitlin, "I'd like to fly."
Vicki, "Why, oh why can't my mother call me, 'Vicki'?"
Caitlin, "I call you, 'Vicki.'"
Vicki, "But my mother!"
Behind the two sits Alfred, 14, nerd extraordinaire, his head tucked inside a computer magazine.
Alfred, "Victoria was the Queen of England. Her mother never called her Victoria and never called her Vicki..."
Vicki and Caitlin frown at each other, look over at Alfred.
Alfred, "Rather she called her precious little daughter, who was such a sweet girl, by the name of "Tory." Tory loved to have parties called "Tories." They were such a fun party that many people continued the Tories party fun with their political views causing problems for the other political party, whatever their... name... is..."
Alfred's face pops out of his book. He gives a perfect Alfred E Newman smile, complete with missing tooth.
Vicki, "Alfred, you are..."
Vicki and Caitlin pour their drinks on his head.
Vicki and Caitlin, "Stupid!"

* * * * *
Chapter 8
Mr. Harder

* * * * *

History classroom.
Mr. Harder stands behind his desk. Sweat dots his forehead as his wide eyes watch the students mingle in and sit.
Vicki enters sheepishly, skirts around everyone to her back seat.
Face tight, Mr. Harder's eyes zero in on Vicki.
He blows a bubble, it pops, the gum sticks around his mouth. He wipes it anxiously.
Mr. Harder, "Okay, everyone, pot test today."
Commotion, fright and laughter.
Lawrence, "What type of pot, Sir? Ditch Weed, Northern Lights?"
The class uproars.
Mr. Harder, "P-p-p-pop test!"
Lawrence, "Beg your pardon, Sir."
Mr. Harder frowns at Lawrence, who shrugs innocently.
Mr. Harder passes out the tests.
Mr. Harder, "Those of you who aren't ready will, of course, fail."
He glares at Vicki, grins and sits down.
Obviously not prepared, Vicki fidgets, glances around at everyone studiously writing.
She looks up and sees Mr. Harder smirking at her.

* * * * *
Chapter 9
True home

* * * * *

Sidewalk.
Vicki, head hung low, and Caitlin stroll along with Alfred behind them.
Vicki and Alfred carry books, but Caitlin hasn't any.
Alfred struggles with twice as many as Vicki's.
They pass by a Food Eatery with many restaurants; French, Vegetarian, Fruitarian, Italian, Muscle builders' Protein meals, Dieter's paradise, Pizza.
Caitlin, "So he failed you?"
Vicki, "Yeah."
Caitlin, "The more you dream of Jay, the less you do your homework. Why don't you just tell Jay, you like him? Maybe he likes you, too."
Vicki shrugs.
Caitlin, "But you got an A in Geometry, right?"
Alfred, "Failure is only relative. Bill Gates dropped out of college. Yet now--"
Vicki, "Alfred! You're so square. Why don't you go home?"
Alfred, "Yes. Going home, our true home. That's if we give up all wrong views."
Vicki, "Oh! Caitlin, what is he talking about? And why is he following us?"
Caitlin, "He loves me."
Horrified, Vicki stops, stares at Caitlin.
Alfred, "You see, there is a teaching which has a theory that if we give up all wrong views, we can discover our true home and thus become, shall I say it--"
Vicki, "What? You mean you're going out with... him?"
Caitlin, "Not yet, but he calls me his sweet chickadee..."
She smiles at Alfred, "He loves me and he's so cute."
Alfred flashes his smile, "Enlightened."

* * * * *
Chapter 10
TODAY!

* * * * *

Dad hops down the stairs in his pajamas, which are covered in various colored and styled beds.
Dad, "A week off! A wonderful week off. The greatest way to live is to do nothing! Don't have to shave, get dressed or--"
Mom's voice calls from the kitchen, "Honey, do you remember Auntie Bertha is coming today?"
Dad tenderly mouths the words, "Auntie Bertha is coming today."
He frowns.
Dad, "Did the paper come yet?"
He sorts through the papers on the table, shakes his head.
Dad, "Who wants to get the paper?"

* * * * *

Vicki's bedroom.
Out the window, workers open the drainage system manhole in the middle of the street, erect a barrier around it.
In her cut-off jeans and T-shirt, Vicki holds a long flowing dress against herself, looks into a full length mirror, next to a movie poster of "West Side Story.
She swings around, singing to the tune of "Tonight, tonight".
Vicki, "Today, today, I'll meet my love today / I'll meet Jay and the world will go away /"
She stops twirling, yet continues humming the song.
She faces the mirror, holds a large photo of Jay next to the mirror.
She shakes her head, puts the dress and photo down.
She picks up a mini skirt.
Shakes her head, picks up white overalls.
Caitlin appears in her bedroom window across the street, holding her phone.
Vicki's cell phone rings.
She turns on the speaker mode.
Caitlin, "Five minutes!"
Vicki bounces up and down, "Yes, yes, TODAY!"
Caitlin, "What are you going to say?"
Vicki, "How's this - Hey, you have a great body! Take me, take me!"
Caitlin, "Vicki!"
Dad bellows from downstairs, "Anyone hear me, Vicki, Hank, who wants to get the paper?"
Vicki, "TODAY!"
Vicki throws the overalls down and races out of the room, banging into the door.
She flies down the stairs, nearly tripping and falling on her face.
She arrives in the living room, short on breath, her words come out between recovery, "Yeah... me... Dad..."
Dad peers at her questioningly.
She smiles sheepishly, "A minute, okay, or two?"
Dad, "The question is, are you okay?"
She looks out the window, Jay rides into the street.
Vicki, "YES!"
Vicki zips to the front door, stops, touches up her hair in the foyer mirror.

* * * * *
Chapter 11
The Rabbit

* * * * *

A rabbit nibbles grass, close to Hank's skateboard on the driveway.
Vicki steps out, eyes wide.
She tries to control a silly grin.
Transfixed, she watches Jay, two houses away.
He rides to next door.
She collects herself and sashays toward the street.
She stops halfway as Jay pulls up.
Vicki, "Uh, uh..."
Jay glances at Vicki, gives her a friendly smile.
Weak at the knees, Vicki semi-smiles back.
He grabs a paper, slides it in the box.
He turns to go.
Vicki, "WAIT!"
Vicki races toward him, scaring the rabbit.
It hops away, lands on the skateboard, which zooms toward Vicki.
The rabbit hops off, the skateboard slides under Vicki's foot.
Perched, one foot on the board, Vicki zooms straight at Jay.
Eyes wide, he opens his arms to catch her.
Vicki, "HELP!"
BAM! Vicki lands in Jay's arms.
They fly off the bike into the street.
Vicki, "JAY!"
Jay hits the road as Vicki sails straight into the open drainage system.
Vicki, "Help!"

* * * * *

Inside the drainage system.
Darkness.
Vicki floats down and down, gently floats down a dark void.
Her screams gets softer and softer, "Help! Helllllllllllp!"
Black.
Silence.

* * * * *
Chapter 12
Viewland

* * * * *

A most unusual Botanical Gardens.
Vicki floats down and splashes into a huge mass of multicolored flowers, all with corkscrew shaped long stems, amidst beautiful gardens, everything with corkscrew shapes.
She disappears into the flowers.
Her head pops up, she looks around, "Jay? Jay?"
Frantic, Vicki jumps out of the flowers, "Jay, where are you?"
She looks all around, "Huh?"
She pinches herself.
Nothing happens.
She frowns.
A rustling noise from behind bushes.
Vicki peers over to the base of the shrubs.
Scruffy work boots appear, dirty overalls, a torn shirt, oil stained hands, a three day beard, uncombed hair a few inches long.
Over his shoulder he carries a big dirty bag half filled with something.
The Garbage Man looks very much like Principal Box.
He shuffles out from the growth, stops, "Got any garbage?"
Vicki looks around, "No, sorry."
Garbage Man, "Fine."
He turns and waddles off.
Vicki, "Wait!
Vicki races after him, but despite the fact that he only waddles, he speeds away from her half a mile across a meadow towards a boisterous open party.
Vicki trips, falls on the grass.
She looks up.

* * * * *
Chapter 13
President Buckle

* * * * *

Vicki finds herself on the front steps of her school.
Confused, she enters, looks around.
No one.
She walks down the hallway.
Laughter.
She approaches the Political Science classroom.
She looks in the window of the door.
A lawn party.

* * * * *

Tables spread out amongst white umbrellas.
Large and small Cactus shrubs surround the setting.
Numerous guests in high society outfits.
Waiters bustle about.
Soldiers with automatic rifles ring the outer areas, though half of them sleep and the others play various handheld game systems.
President Buckle, who looks like Mr. Harder, presides at the head of a long table, chewing gum.
A waiter passes around golden cookies centered with a green star.
One woman, dressed all in pink, who looks like Vicki's Mom, takes a bite of a cookie, scrunches her face, looks around, and spits it out in her napkin.
A young man, Agent 007 Flathead, heartless and conniving, sports a flattop hair style and looks like Lawrence, tastes one, his eyes twitch, he turns and vomits.
Others react similarly.
President Buckle caresses one lovingly, takes out his gum, sticks it on the back of his ear, and savors the cookie, "Hmmm, my favorite, caramel covered carrot, onion and Marmite cookies! What do you think, Agent 007 Flathead?"
Flathead grabs his glass and holds it up, as does everyone, honoring President Buckle, "Delicious, President Buckle."
Pink Woman, "Heavenly, President Buckle."
Everyone, "Yes, President Buckle, you are absolutely correct."
Garbage Man's voice, "Stupid, Buckle."
Everyone, "Oh!"
President Buckle, "What's that? Who said that?"
The Garbage Man steps out from behind some cactus plants.
Everyone crouches in fear.
President Buckle's eyes go wide.
He grabs his gum, pops it in and chews it violently.
President Buckle, "Garbage Man, are you saying my view is stupid?"
Garbage Man, "Yup."
President Buckle, "If you think you're so smart to think that I'm stupid, then you must think you're right, right? Right. Now deducting from that, then what is your view?"
Garbage Man, "You're too stupid to know my view."
President Buckle, "Arrest him!"
No one moves, including the soldiers very busy doing nothing.
President Buckle throws a corn cob that hits one soldier's iPhone.
He scrambles up.
President Buckle, "Arrest him!"
The soldier sees the Garbage Man, stops, eyes wide, he steps backward.
Garbage Man, "Hah! You can't do that."
President Buckle, "I'm the president, I can arrest anyone I want."
Garbage Man, "Nope."
The Garbage Man waddles away, "You never know what I might do then."
Everyone breathes a sigh of relief.
The soldier returns to his busy nothingness and President Buckle fumes.
Vicki approaches across a field which separates her school from the party.
The Pink Woman spots Vicki, "Hello, dear, you look very cute today."
Vicki, "Thank you--"
President Buckle, "And, and who are you?"
Vicki, "I, uh--"
President Buckle, "Did I invite you?"
Vicki, "No."
President Buckle, "Did anyone invite you?"
Vicki, "No."
President Buckle, "Then you have infiltrated MY party!"
Vicki, "I, uh--"
Flathead, "She's an infiltrator!"
Pink Woman, "An infiltrator?"
Flathead, "She's a spy!"
Pink Woman, "A spy?"
President Buckle stares at Vicki, "She's a... TERRORIST!"
Everyone, "Help!"
Everyone jumps up, runs around in fear, bumping into each other.
Except for Flathead, who peers intently at Vicki.
He whips out a notebook and draws her picture.
Vicki, "No!"
Vicki dashes off in the direction of the Garbage Man as President Buckle races to two sleeping soldiers who lean against a tree and sport many stars across their jackets.
The elderly General, 70, looks like President Buckle and Mr. Harder, though sports a full white head of hair and beard.
The young, freckled redheaded Major, 25, appears fresh out of Military school and looks like school bully Tex, with Mr. Universe-type super large muscles.
An odd swimming pool blowup float valve protrudes from a corner of his jacket.
President Buckle, "General, Major, get her! She's a terrorist! Kill her!"
Dazed, they look at him, then at each other.
Gemeral, "Kill her?"
Major, "Kill who?"
The Major jumps up, only to hit his head on a low branch.
He staggers.
President Buckle, "Her!
President Buckle waves wildly and hides behind a big cactus shrub.
A thorn cuts his hand, he sucks the blood.
Gemeral, "Her? Which her?"
Major, "Don't know but I'll annihilate her."
President Buckle's head appears from behind the shrub, "Yes, annihilate her! At all costs. Draft everyone over 12 years old! No, make that 11! We must win this war. My presidency is at stake."
Flathead rises from his seat, swings a big white cloak around himself.
He moseys over to President Buckle.
His eyes twitch.
Flathead, "If I find her, what is my reward?"
President Buckle, "Ireland."
Flathead, "I want France."
President Buckle, "Done."
Flathead strokes his flattop, smiles faintly.
He hops in an invisible sports car, so that only his upper body can be seen and drives away.
Flathead, "Hah!"
The Major races over to President Buckle, points across the field to Vicki's school.
Major, "President Buckle, look!"
President Buckle's eyes squint, his face takes on an evil appearance.
He looks up the hill, forty yards away, to a huge demolition crane.
President Buckle, "It must belong to the terrorist. Set the demolition crane upon it. But I will do it slowly and make her suffer."

* * * * *
Chapter 14
Backward Man

* * * * *

Frantic, Vicki runs along a road, through peculiar rolling countryside. All the trees grow upside down.
She approaches a rise and spots a Man walking backwards towards her.
Vicki, "Please, please I'm lost. I have to go home. Can you help me?"
The Backward Man stops, but continues to look the other way, "And what makes you think I could or even would help you?"
Vicki, "Well, I thought, uh--"
Backward Man, "Out with it!"
Vicki, "Okay, okay, well I thought you would be a nice person and care about me because I'm lost, but I guess I was wrong."
A long uncomfortable pause.
Vicki, "Why are you walking backwards?"
Backward Man, "Young girl, I can see where I've come from, but I can't see where I haven't yet been."
He strides past her, and now sees her, "You're very cute, try the Garbage Man."
Vicki, "Oh, yes, do you know where he lives?"
Backward Man, "From whence I've come, over the meadow, through the village, up the woods, over the river, past the mansion and, and... something about a rooster..."
His voice gets softer as he walks farther away, "Sorry, I've forgotten."
Vicki races onward.

* * * * *
Chapter 15
Medieval village

* * * * *

Vicki stands on a hill, looks down at a small medieval village with a huge courtyard made of cobblestone.
People bustle about encircling a platform and two "teams".
Everyone looks like Vicki's school classmates.
On the right promenade a dozen men and women in bright colored clothes, full of polka dots, wearing round hats.
Round and round the Round People prance and chant, "We are supreme / We are well rounded / Defeat the squares / For they indeed are square!"
To the left, the Square People square-dance, dressed in checkered clothing and square hats, "We are supreme / we have a point / defeat the rounds / for they have no point!"
The two groups dance and dance, chant and chant.
Round and round, across and back, faster, faster, louder, louder.
An off-tune horn blares.
They all pile into each other, knocking themselves down.
They help each other up and stand at attention.
The Squares snap-to three by four and the Rounds wrap about in a circle.
A Chubby Woman, whose face looks like a feminine Alfred, steps forward to the platform complete with podium and microphones.
Modest clapping.
Chubby Woman, "Yes, thank you. I, I, I am..."
She jumps up and down as the band hits a wild song, "I am your host today / there's no other way / we have a title to play / squares and rounds away!"
An elderly couple clap.
Chubby Woman, "Right, uh, thanks Mom and Dad. I suppose it's time. Leaders, step forward, declare yourself."
The Square Leader emerges. He looks just like an adult version of the fellow with checkered shirt who sat next to Vicki at school.
Square Leader, "Tis I, and we will make short work of THEM!"
He points at the Rounds, his troops and half the gallery roar.
The Rounds stay stoic.
The Round Leader jumps out.
She looks like an adult version of the girl who wore polka dots.
Round Leader, "Myself, me and I - there are three of me, so I can go round and round, ha, ha. And if that Square thinks whatever, he better think whatever again!"
The Rounds and their supporters cheer.
Chubby Woman, "Now as we all know, and it's silly I must state it, the rules of our humble world dictate that whoever's view wins is the crowned champion. In fact the universe exists purely for people to expound their views. Whether it makes sense or not, makes no sense. Square Leader, what is your view?"
Square Leader, "With an equal sized top area, a square table will sit the most possible amount of people, far more people than a circular one!"
Vicki stands on the outer edge of the group, shakes her head and mouths the words "No way".
The square team and supporters wave square flags and bellow, "We are supreme / we have a point / defeat the rounds / for they have no point!"
Chubby Woman, "Round Leader, what is your view?"
Round Leader, "It cannot be, a round table easily sits more people than a foolishly cut square table, especially one cut by squares."
She turns solemnly to her supporters, they dip their heads, "Amen, amen."
Vicki shakes her head and mouths the words "No way".
Chubby Woman, "And do we agree on the chair size of a width of seventeen inches and the area size of the table will be no more than 2,700, beg your pardon Rounds, square inches?"
The teams present their square and round chairs and tables.
Round Leader and Square Leader, "Yes!"
Round and Square team members each grab a chair.
They brace as if ready to run a race.
Chubby Woman, "Ready. Set. Charge!"
They speed around their tables, trip over each other, slide in as many chairs as will fit.
All twelve Squares sit.
Only ten Rounds can, though an eleventh attempts to squeeze in.
The Square supporters go wild.
The Rounds drop their heads.
Chubby Woman, "And the victors are the Squares! Square Leader step forward."
The Chubby Woman pulls out a jeweled crown.
Vicki calls out, "Wait."
Shock.
Everyone turns to Vicki who steps forward.
Vicki, "He stated his view was, 'With an equal sized top area, a square table will sit the most possible amount of people, far more people than a circular one.'"
The Square Leader puffs himself up, "That is absolutely correct."
Vicki, "But you only proved you can sit more than a circular table. You did not prove you 'will sit the most possible amount of people.'"
The crowd mutters to each other.
Square Leader, "So! If you think you're so smart, what is your--"
Chubby Woman, "Just one moment, I will deliberate this."
The music plays as she dances a jig.
Chubby Woman, "You, young girl, must prove that he is wrong! Or, or... or he is right."
Vicki, "Can you cut the square table into three equal rectangles?"
A Chain Saw Man steps forward and slices the table.
Vicki, "And glue them length ways."
He pulls a tube of glue from his pocket, secures the table.
Vicki, "Take ten square chairs and ten round chairs, they will all fit."
Done.
The entire crowd goes berserk!
All except the Squares and their Leader, who frown.
Chain Saw Man, "She is the all time champion!"
Chubby Woman, "Young girl, please step forward to receive--"
Hundreds of marching feet resonate.
Over the hilltop appear the General and Major, along with a hundred troops.
The General's voice booms, "We are looking for--"
The Major spots Vicki, "I think that's her!"
He stomps down the hill.
Vicki, "No!"
Vicki sprints away.
Chubby Woman, "Stop those troops! They mustn't harm our champion!"
The troops charge down the hill, crash into the village folk, who protect their new hero.
Everyone entangles, falls upon themselves, as Vicki escapes.
She races over a hill, straight into her school, with front doors open wide.
She speeds in, dashes into the History classroom, tries to hide behind the teacher's desk.
Posters of medieval villages grace the walls.
A long moment passes.
She slowly rises, looks out a window.
The demolition crane stands twenty feet away, with a crazed President Buckle at the levers.
It's huge crashing ball swings straight toward Vicki.
President Buckle, "Hah!"
Vicki, "No!"
She runs safely out the room as the crane's ball smashes into the building.
Vicki, "Ow!"
She grabs her arm as if she's been hurt.

* * * * *
Chapter 16
Doorman

* * * * *

Vicki races along the road, glances quickly behind her.
She rounds a barren bend to see the road ends at a ten foot high concrete wall, which stretches left and right for miles.
A sign hangs on what almost appears to be a door, but not quite. Only cuts in the concrete without any handle.
The sign displays minute writing.
Vicki grabs the sign, squints her eyes to read it, but it's too small.
The "door" opens, out steps a Doorman, who looks like Principle Box and the Garbage Man. He sports a wide-rimmed white hat and wears a large black cape hiding his clothes.
He slams the door shut, "It clearly states for those who can read the fine print, 'I'll be back shortly'. However since I'm already back, it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever, rather like nearly all fine print everywhere."
He sizes Vicki up and down, takes the sign, "Except, of course, when people want to deceive others..."
He pins the sign on the door, sizes her up and down again, "In which case, they will take your sense and your dollars, too. In fact, usually much more than two."
Vicki, "Please, can I go through the door?"
Doorman, "Now why would you want to do that?"
Vicki, "I have to find the Garbage Man."
Doorman, "And what makes you think he's behind this door?"
Vicki, "Well, uh, I was told--"
The Doorman pokes his face close to Vicki's and frowns.
Vicki steps back.
Doorman, "Do you always believe everything you are told?"
Vicki, "No, but I can't go back the other way, so I--"
Doorman, "Do you realize how many people in the entire Universe just believe what they are told? Do you know how incredibly disgusting that is? Can you guess how many people just blindly believe others?"
Vicki, "Maybe a few million?"
Doorman, "Billions upon billions are blind believers!"
He shuts his eyes tight, "Tell me, what can I see right now?"
Vicki, "Nothing."
Doorman, "Right you are! You get an "A", one hundred percent correct!"
He opens his eyes, smiles wide, "Now remember this lesson forever.
He magically opens the door.
Doorman, "Good luck on finding the Garbage Man. But be warned, some people don't know who he is, even when they are face to face with him."
Vicki, "Oh, thank you so much."
Vicki dashes through the door.
The Doorman shuts it gently.
He tosses off his cape and hat, revealing his Garbage Man clothes.
He smiles mischievously, waddles away.

* * * * *
Chapter 17
Surfer Dude

* * * * *

Shocked, Vicki stands on a sandy bank, surveying a wide pink river.
Vicki, "Oh, no!"
She spins back to the door, but she can't even find the cuts in the concrete.
Vicki, "Mr. Doorman! Mr. Doorman!"
A young fellow's voice, "No, Miss, no, Miss. Here, Miss, here, Miss."
She looks to the river and spots Surfer Dude, who looks like her brother, Hank, with eight inch wings on his shoulders, speeding over from the other side on a huge surf board.
Surfer Dude, "Ferry service, Miss."
He splashes up to the bank, "Though I'm no fairy, heh, heh."
He blinks his eyes five times and flaps his little wings.
Vicki, "I'm so happy to see you. I just didn't know how--"
Surfer Dude, "Can you pay?"
Vicki, "Oh, uh..."
Vicki reaches in her pants.
Nothing.
She sighs.
Her excitement fades, "I guess I can't--"
Surfer Dude, "What do you mean, you can't? Credit, Miss, credit, have you never heard of credit cards?"
Vicki, "But I don't have one."
Surfer Dude, "Why oh why, wow oh wow. You are indeed in luck!"
He whips out a clipboard with a credit card application form from his back pocket.
Surfer Dude, "You see any intelligent person needs credit and I can give it to you. Never mind the forty-five percent interest per month. Credit is your pathway to happiness!"
Vicki, "Aren't you a bit young to--"
Surfer Dude, "Why, haven't you heard? The younger the better. Start 'em young, start 'em early, boy-oh-boy are the banks and businesses hap-py! I even have eight-year-olds as clients, whoopee!"
He hip-hops on his board, "Get your credit here / get your credit there / get yourself into debt / it's easy / no hassle at all / not in the least / sell out your soul / join the rest of the..."
He frowns and stops dancing, "...fools.-- Look, just sign on the bottom line. If I don't get back to my homework, I'm going to be in trouble."
Vicki takes his pen, hesitates, "Is there any fine print?"
He holds up the clipboard and shows her page after page behind the application.
Vicki, "I'm sorry, I won't sign it."
Surfer Dude, "What! No, Miss, no, Miss."
He shakes his head, looks to the other bank. His wings flop over.
Vicki sits down.
Her eyes tear, "I guess I can't go with you."
Surfer Dude, "Miss, I'm stuck. If I give you a ride free, my boss will kill me. I absolutely must not give free rides to anyone, not even pregnant women.-- Are you pregnant?"
He peers at Vicki's very flat tummy, "No.-- Do you know how hard it is to get a free ride these days?"
Vicki, "People don't care enough."
Surfer Dude, "Yes, Miss, yes, Miss, but... here."
He shakes his leg and a small surfboard slides out his pants.
He tosses it to Vicki and surfs away.
Surfer Dude, "I have a credit card. I can get another and another and another. Hoo-ray!"
Vicki jumps up, "Thank you!"
She approaches the river bank like an Olympic champ.
She sets the surfboard in place.
Hops on.
Off she slides down the bank and across the top of the river.
Halfway, she spots a group of runners along the other shore.
Jay jogs in front!
Vicki, "Jay! Jay!"
She waves her arms, but falls off into rapids, "Help!"
The water sweeps her downstream, swirling here and there until she arrives in a weedy area.
She crawls out, exhausted.

* * * * *
Chapter 18
Bluejay

* * * * *

Vicki climbs up the river bank to a winding road leading down through blue cornfields.
A large mansion lies beyond.
Vicki, "Oh, Jay, where are you now? I'm so blue, Jay. Can you hear me - I'm blue... Jay."
A huge gust of wind blows up the hill, dust flying everywhere.
In the middle of the dust there appears to be a machine of sorts.
No, it's a large five-foot-tall blue bird, Bluejay, with a human face, who looks like Caitlin and Sesame Street Big Bird combined.
Bluejay flaps wildly, flying just two feet above ground with eyes closed tight.
Occasionally she bounces down on the ground, then up again.
She lands in front of Vicki, wipes the dust out of her eyes, "One of these days I'm going to fly like a real bird."
Vicki, "What on earth are you?"
Bluejay puffs herself up proudly, "You should know, you called for me. I'm Bluejay, of course.-- What makes you think you're on earth?"
Vicki, "Well, I, uh..."
Vicki takes a big gulp, "Jeepers, where am I?"
BlueJay, "Where do you think you are?"
Vicki, "I don't know."
BlueJay, "But you must have a view - what is your view? Where are you?"
Vicki, "Huh?"
BlueJay, "Views, views, you must have a view! Everyone is full of views!"
Vicki, "But if I don't know something, how can I have a view?"
Bluejay stares dumbfounded.
BlueJay, "Sorry, I don't have a view about that. I never met anyone who didn't have a host full of views that they couldn't pull one out as soon as they could. Whether it mattered or not, of course, never mattered."
Vicki, "So where am I?"
BlueJay, "This, my dear, uh--"
Vicki, "Vicki."
BlueJay, "Yes, Vicki. This, my dear Vicki, is the most wonderful place in the entire universe. Or the most dreadful. It depends on your, uh--"
Vicki, "View?"
BlueJay, "Yes! Welcome to Viewland. Come."
Bluejay flaps off down the hill away from the mansion.
Vicki races after her, "Wait! Bluejay, wait!"
Vicki stumbles and falls as Bluejay disappears.
Vicki, "Oh!

* * * * *
Chapter 19
Count Alf

* * * * *

Vicki stands in the over-grown yard, peering anxiously at the run down mansion.
Broken windows, shutters missing or dangling on one hinge.
A bat flies out of an upstairs room.
She cautiously approaches the door, knocks.
Nothing.
She knocks again.
Nothing.
She gives the door a small shove, it creaks open.
Vicki enters amongst cobwebs draped over antique furniture.
A scurrying noise.
Three mice appear and dash up a regal staircase.
Vicki follows them up the stairs.
A man coughs.
Vicki looks down.
Amongst the dusty furniture, and just as dusty, sits a medieval dressed Count Alf The Fourteenth, 45, who looks like an older Alfred with a long curled mustache.
Count Alf, "Did you find my bird?"
Vicki, "Your bird?"
Count Alf, "Yes, my pretty little Bluejay. I looked everywhere for my little sweetie chickadee, but got so exhausted, I fell asleep."
Count Alf shakes away cobwebs and dusts off his head, "Looks like my nap was a bit longer than usual. Can you help me a bit, my lass?"
Vicki comes down, "Do you have a broom or something?"
Count Alf, "Broom, oh heavens what an antiquated item that only witches seem to know how to use properly. No, no. Over there, the leaf blower."
Vicki grabs a leaf blower and sprays Count Alf, as he stands, rotates and bends forward for Vicki to blow all over him.
Count Alf, "Ooo, that tickles. Wonderful. You are a pretty lass."
Spruced up, he turns and bows.
Count Alf, "Let me introduce myself, I am Count Alf the Fourteenth. I am at your humble service."
Vicki, "My, was your father Alf the Thirteenth?"
Count Alf, "Oh, don't be ridiculous, I just made up 'Count' and 'the fourteenth'. My father was Harry Schniellerberger.-- Do you know how to curtsy?"
Vicki curtsies, "And I am Vicki. Can you please help me, I'm lost and I'm on my way to find the Garbage Man."
Count Alf, "Well, you may have been lost, but now I've found you. So, wonderful! You're no longer lost!"
Vicki, "Uh, I think that depends on your point--"
Count Alf, "Of view! Of course, my lovely lass Vicki, you are smart, aren't you? But since I have found you, maybe rather than you are lost, perhaps it's better to say, you have lost?"
He strokes his mustache, stares into Vicki's tearing eyes.
Count Alf, "So, the question is, what have you lost?"
Vicki, "I've lost Jay."
Count Alf, "So, "j", one letter, you've even lost the rest of the word. Let me guess, was it, jam... jade... jelly... juice... a jacket or jangles?"
Count Alf bustles around the room opening and shutting drawers and cupboards, looking under and over all the furniture.
Vicki, "No, no--"
Count Alf, "A Jukebox... junk yard... jumping rope... jackhammer... Jackal or Jackass?"
Vicki, "No, Jay's a person."
Vicki plops on a sofa, which collapses on her end with a thud, "Oh!
Count Alf grabs a book with photos of various people.
He flips through the pages, "Oh, yes, my, right. And his or her name, Jack... Jill... Jan... James... Judy... Jennifer or Jericho?"
Vicki, "No, Jay is Jay, and he's absolutely adorable."
Count Alf sits down next to Vicki.
The sofa collapses on his end, "I say."
Vicki, "But I've lost him."
Count Alf, "Shall we go looking for Jay?"
Vicki brightens.
Count Alf, "We could try Japan... Jamaica... Jacksonville... New Jersey or even in jail. Though, I don't know where those places are except in books."
He jumps up, "But never mind, we will find your Jay. We will take a J-journey. In fact I think we'll ask the Garbage Man."
Vicki, "Yes!"
Count Alf grabs Vicki's arm and pulls her out the door.
Vicki and Count Alf race down the driveway to the road which has red pavement to the left and green pavement to the right.
Count Alf looks both ways, "Now, when you're faced with a decision, you must make one. If we don't make one right now, we're liable to be stuck here and fall asleep. And do you know what happens to people who fall asleep when they should not in any way be asleep?"
Vicki, "They don't do anything. They never grow, they never change."
Count Alf, "Yes! You are smart, you cute lass."
He gives her a loving, fatherly smile, "If only I had a daughter as wise as you."
Vicki, "Where is your daughter?"
Count Alf, "Why, I've never had one, only my sweet chickadee. Oh! My dear little Bluejay. Have you seen her?"
Vicki, "Maybe. Is she this tall, this wide, and has a hard time flying?"
Vicki stretches her arms the size of Bluejay.
Count Alf, "Yes! You have seen her. Where?"
Vicki points to the left, "But I can't go back there."
Count Alf scrunches his face, strokes his mustache, "I will guess again."
He waves his arms up and down in obvious frustration, "President Buckle is after you."
Vicki, "Yes!"
Count Alf, "Right, our decision is made, this way to the school!"
They race away to the right.

* * * * *
Chapter 20
Agent 007 Flathead

* * * * *

They approach Vicki's school.
Count Alf, "Now, all answers to all questions are in the Library."
Vicki hesitates as Count Alf enters the school, "Uh, Count Alf--"
He turns, "Yes."
She points to the smashed far right corner of the building, not far away.
The demolition crane rests close by.
A man sits near it, asleep against a tree.
His face is unseen.
It's possibly President Buckle.
Count Alf, "Perhaps we will go in on the left side."
They head to the left.
A large purple and gold hedge blocks their way.
On the other side, Bluejay nibbles cherries off a tree.
Count Alf and Vicki's heads pop up over one of the hedges.
Flathead speeds up, slams on the brakes, nearly throwing himself into the invisible windscreen.
He hops out, eyes twitching.
Count Alf and Vicki drop down.
Count Alf's hand, holding a mirror, rises over the hedges, so he can watch.
Flathead, "So, Bluejay, you've flown your coop!"
Bluejay spits out a cherry seed, hitting Flathead in the chin.
He gallantly wipes himself, "Very cute, but--"
He grabs Bluejay as if to swoon and kiss her.
She fires half a dozen more seeds in his face.
He lets her go.
BlueJay, "Really, Flatty, when will you ever get it through your flat head--"
Flathead, "Bluejay, my only true love. Come with me to the end of the..."
He glances around, "Road."
Count Alf's hand drops.
He whispers to Vicki, "It's my sweet Bluejay but she's with the mean and vicious Agent 007 Flathead!"
Vicki speaks normal volume, "I saw him with President--"
Count Alf, "Shh!"
She clams up.
Flathead paces to and fro.
Bluejay nibbles on more cherries.
Flathead, "I just don't know how you can continue to ignore me."
Bluejay shrugs, spits out seeds.
Flathead, "I am handsome, talented and the President's top 007 secret agent."
BlueJay, "It's not a secret."
Flathead, "Okay, enough, back to work."
He whips out his note pad and displays his drawing of Vicki, "This is a drawing of her. Do you know her?"
Bluejay's eyes widen, she nearly chokes on some seeds.
Count Alf's face pops up.
BlueJay, "Of... of course not."
Flathead, "Ah-hah! I can tell you are lying. Where is her?"
Vicki's head pops up next to Count Alf, who quickly shoves her down.
He leaps over the hedge, "I say, Flathead, are you bothering my sweet chickadee?"
BlueJay, "Oh, honey!"
She races to him.
They imitate a pigeon mating dance, singing, "My love, my love / nothing can be as sweet / My love, my love / nothing can be as de-light-ful"
They bump bums and very gently lean into each other to kiss.
Flathead, "How disgusting!"
He bounds back in his invisible car and zooms away.
Count Alf, "Vicki!"
Vicki peers over.
Count Alf, "You're safe now, hurry."
She jumps the hedge.
Count Alf, "Onward to the Garbage Man."
Count Alf tries to run, pulling Bluejay.
BlueJay, "Wait!"
Count Alf, "Oh, my sweetie, what?"
Bluejay grabs heaps of cherries, hands some to Vicki.
They speed off.

* * * * *
Chapter 21
I-Potty

* * * * *

Vicki, Bluejay and Count Alf stagger along a winding road, exhausted.
They collapse in red flower beds, where every flower stem is bent ninety degrees, and fall asleep.

* * * * *

Vicki wakes, looks around.
Bluejay and Count Alf are gone.
Vicki, "Oh, no!"
She jumps up, races down the road, passes by an outdoor toilet completely made of ivory, with ivy creeping over it.
She stops, looks back at the toilet.
She reads, "The Ivory Ivy iPotty" above the door.
She feels her bladder, glances around, enters.
The sound of urinating.
She exits to be confronted by the I-Potty Man, who looks like Mr. Harder and President Buckle.
Balding, he sports a black turtle neck sweater, glasses, and wears all sorts of iPhones and computer accessories on his arms and legs.
He pushes a wheelbarrow, which carries iMacs and iPads.
He frowns sternly, "I say!"
Vicki, "Yes?"
I-Potty, "I saw!"
Vicki, "What?"
I-Potty, "I swear!"
Vicki, "Maybe I better get going."
I-Potty, "I, I..."
He furiously waves at the iPotty sign, "I am I-Potty, and irate am I! I saw you use my iPotty."
Vicki, "Oh."
I-Potty, "I say, I saw... I, you!"
Vicki, "Actually, I think you're making a big deal about the--"
I-Potty, "I!"
Vicki, "Do you have an identity crises?"
He calms down, "Yes, ideally, if I could identify my true identity, and overcome idolizing my idol, then idyllically and ironically, I would isolate my ideology from my itinerary. Am I clear?"
Vicki, "Well, not quite."
I-Potty, "Where are you from: Iowa, Idaho, Ireland, Iran, Iraq or the Isle of Man?"
Vicki, "No."
I-Potty, "Do you have an iPhone, iMac, iPad, iron, Irish Terrier, I, I, I!!!!!"
I-Potty sits down, depressed, puts his head on his knees.
Vicki, "Do you think you might be too attached to your "I"?"
I-Potty, "I? You think I'm too attached to... i-dealism?"
Vicki, "Yes."
His face saddens, he fondles all his I-gear equipment, "But I have every I-thing in the universe to make my I happy. My iPad, iPhone, iMac. I can use iTunes, iPhoto, iWeb..."
Vicki slowly backs away from I-Potty, as he laments, "...iLife, iSight, iSquint, iSync, iKey, iLid, iDVD, iGetter, iCal, iChat..."
He falls on his back, flapping his arms about, "I have all my I needs, all my I... needs... but I'm... not... happy!"
Vicki stops, looks at him compassionately, "Maybe happiness comes from having a small "I" rather than a big one.

* * * * *
Chapter 22
Queen Victoria

* * * * *

She turns, looks up the road to a hill.
Jay rides his bike along the top.
Vicki, "Jay! Jay!"
She races up the road, just as Jay disappears over the hill.
She reaches the crest, exhausted.
No Jay.
She sits dismayed.
Vicki, "I've lost Jay, I've lost Count Alf and Bluejay, and I haven't found the Garbage Man, either. I don't even know where I am, or how to get home, and everyone here is so full of foolish views--"
A woman clears her throat, "Uh-hum."
Vicki looks around, stunned.
Queen Victoria, who looks like Vicki's mother, stands regally with her maroon robe fifteen feet long, carried by servants.
A ten foot high, replica of Big Ben rises behind her.
A royal trumpeter steps forward, "May I present, her majesty, our revered, cherished, most beautiful, long living Queen Victoria!"
The servants cheer.
One turns on a Boom-box with more cheering.
Queen Victoria smiles while turning her nose upward.
Big Ben rings loud its hourly chime.
Yet the fourth section comes out at double speed.
Queen Victoria looks up at the clock, frowns.
At triple speed, it chimes 13 times.
As it chimes, Queen Victoria counts on her fingers.
She stares at her three fingers, shakes her head.
Queen Victoria, "I--"
The servants and Boom-box cheer.
She smiles, "I am--"
More cheers.
She smiles more, "I am the world's greatest queen!"
The servants go wild.
Queen Victoria, "I will rule forever and ever and ever, the oceans' blue!"
Servants, "Forever and ever / the oceans' blue / our lovely Queen / will rule and rule"
Vicki, "Does it make you happy?"
Servants, "Oh!"
Queen Victoria stares at Vicki blankly.
Vicki, "I'm sorry, you must think I'm very rude. But if you are so great and powerful, can you please help me find Jay and go home? Or the Garbage--"
Queen Victoria, "I am the world's greatest queen!"
Vicki, "I heard you already."
Queen Victoria, "Yes! But you are a commoner and I am a queen."
Vicki, "I only asked if you could please help me. Why are so many people here in Viewland only concerned with themselves?"
Count Alf and Bluejay race and hop up the hill, "Vicki!
Vicki springs up.
They hug.
Queen Victoria, "Uh-hum."
Count Alf bows and Bluejay semi-curtsies to the Queen.
Count Alf, "So sorry, my lady."
BlueJay, "Likewise, I'm sure."
Count Alf, "My lady, please excuse our hurrying off, but I'm afraid our dear little Vicki is lost or has lost or if we don't succeed will simply lose to President--"
Queen Victoria, "Vicki? Did you say her name is Vicki?"
Vicki, "Yes, Ma'am."
Queen Victoria, "Then that's a different kettle of exquisite Salmon dipped in Marmite and caramel sauce."
Thump, thump.
The sound of soldiers marching up the hill.
Queen Victoria motions to her robe, "Quick!"
Her servants raise the back up, Vicki crawls under it.
Queen Victoria, "Ooh! Careful, dear."
They all act nonchalant as the General, Major and their troops storm up the hill.
They salute the Queen.
Queen Victoria, "General, Major, how nice of you."
The Major struts around the Queen, searches.
General, "Yes, you are most stunning today, my Queen, but tell me, have you seen her?"
Queen Victoria, "Yes, she went that way."
Queen Victoria points off down the other side.
General, "Thank you so much.-- Come, men."
The Major peers at the hump in Queen Victoria's robe.
He races to the General, salutes, "Sir, I think--"
The General gives him a whack.
Gemeral, "You must never argue with the Queen."
The Major drops his head.
The General and other soldiers march off.
Soldiers, "March, march, march. March, march, march. March, march, march."
The Major peers at Queen Victoria, who nonchalantly waves him off.
Queen Victoria, "Have a nice march, Major."
He frowns, leaves.
Vicki crawls out.
Queen Victoria, "Now, Vicki, which of course is short for Victoria, which of course is my name also, and which of course any wonderful female creature in the entire universe would of course love to have, I haven't a daughter."
Vicki looks at Count Alf and Bluejay who both shrug.
Queen Victoria, "And since you feel you have lost something, I will help you gain something. I hereby crown you Princess Victoria."
She takes out a long plastic white sword dotted with red hearts.
She goes to touch Vicki's shoulders.
Vicki balks, "Ma'am, if it's just the same to you, I'd rather be called Vicki."
Queen Victoria, "That's not a problem, my dear. But your birth name is Victoria, am I right?"
Vicki, "Yes."
Queen Victoria, "And you will need better status here in Viewland than just being a commoner to defeat President Buckle.-- Count Alf, am I correct?"
Count Alf, "Most certainly, my lady. Go ahead, Vicki, this will help."
Queen Victoria, "Therefore I hereby crown you Princess Victoria, whom everyone will refer to as Princess Vicki!"
The servants and Boom-box cheer as the Queen touches her sword to Vicki's shoulders.

* * * * *
Chapter 23
The Garbage Man

* * * * *

Vicki, Bluejay and Count Alf stroll along the road.
Polka dot multi colored sugar cane rises up ten feet on both sides.
Vicki sports a crystal crown which she fondles, "I'm not too sure about this crown business."
BlueJay, "It's just beautiful!"
Count Alf, "Need not fear, my lass, it will help you impress people, and of course that is how our universe works."
Vicki, "But does everyone do fake things just to impress others?"
Count Alf halts, takes a deep breath.
Upon blowing it out, he nearly chokes, "Um, yes, well nearly everyone. There are a very tiny, teeny, little number of people who actually don't, uh--"
BlueJay, "Honey?"
Count Alf pauses.
Count Alf, "Vicki, I'm sorry to say, most people are very ignorant. But--"
BlueJay, "Not Princess Vicki!"
Count Alf smiles fatherly, "If I had a daughter, I would give her this advice. Never, ever, ever do something fake just to impress others."
They round a bend and face a majestic red barn, complete with a Rooster shaped weather vane and haystacks, which looks just like the barn painting in Principal Box's office.
Count Alf, "Now that's impressive. Are you ready to meet the Garbage Man?"
Vicki, Bluejay and Count Alf enter the typical barn with animal stalls, but no animals.
Count Alf, "I say, Garbage Man, are you here?"
Quiet.
BlueJay, "Garby? Here, dear?"
Count Alf peers at Bluejay questioningly.
She shrugs.
They open one stall door, thousands of glass bottles precariously stand on top of themselves in columns reaching to the ceiling.
Another stall, huge piles of papers stacked up like a pyramid.
The next, metal cans welded together as an imitation of the Eiffel Tower.
Vicki, "Maybe he's not home."
Count Alf, "But this is his home."
BlueJay, "And he is the Garbage Man."
Vicki, "Why is he so important?"
Count Alf, "Vicki, my lass, important he indeed is, for he's the only one in all of Viewland without a view."
Vicki, "You mean, he's not like everyone else, he's free of--"
BlueJay, "But, honey--"
Count Alf, "Yes, perhaps I had better rephrase that. No one knows his view, thus he has never been defeated. Therefore his view, which is unknown, remains the supreme view in all of Viewland. As well, we aren't sure, perhaps in the entire universe."
Vicki looks at Count Alf like he's from outer space.
Count Alf, "And besides, if anyone argues with him, he won't take away their garbage. So no one has ever challenged him."
Garbage man's voice bellows, "The real reason is because you're all too stupid to know my view!
The three spin around.
The Garbage Man sits above in a loft.
Count Alf, "So, there you are!"
BlueJay, "Hi, Garby."
Count Alf looks sternly at Bluejay.
Again she shrugs.
Count Alf, "And may I introduce Princess Vicki."
Garbage Man, "We met prior to her crowning."
Vicki, "Yes, but it was too brief. Please, Garbage Man, can you help me?"
Garbage Man, "So, you want to go home?"
Vicki, "Yes, oh please, yes."
Garbage Man, "What makes you think you aren't already home?"
Vicki stares dumbfounded, looks around, "Here?"
Garbage Man, "Vicki, my dear, you are not happy, not peaceful."
Vicki, "How can I be?"
Garbage Man, "You must discover the key for inner happiness."
Vicki, "What is it?"
Garbage Man, "You, only you can discover it."
He jumps off the loft, does a flip, lands softly.
He waddles towards the door.
Vicki, "Wait!"
He stops at the door, spins around, "Buckle! Defeat President Buckle! His ego has gone berserk. He was never even elected."
Vicki, "Never elected?"
Garbage Man, "Right! Put him in his proper lowly place. If you can do that near impossible task, then perhaps I'll help you."
He zips out the door.
Vicki dashes after him, followed by Bluejay and Count Alf.
They race outside.

* * * * *
Chapter 24
SMASH

* * * * *

But there is no outside.
Vicki, Count Alf and Bluejay race into the school Janitor's storage room.
They stop abruptly, look around.
Count Alf, "Oh, my--"
BlueJay, "Wow!"
Vicki, "No, no, something's wrong."
President Buckle's gleeful voice, "Ah-hah!"
They see the demolition crane's ball swinging toward the window.
They race out safely into the hallway.
SMASH.
Vicki falls as if hit in the back.
Count Alf helps her up, "My dear Vicki."
Vicki, "I, ow... I'm... okay."
They dash into the opposite room.
They spot the Garbage Man out the window.
He speed-waddles half a mile away, disappears over a hill.
SMASH.
The sound comes from the storage room.
Vicki grabs her leg in pain, "Ow! We have to get out!"
Count Alf pries open a window, "Come, this way."
He helps Vicki out.
Bluejay and Count Alf help limping Vicki quickly through the field away from the school.
They stop, look back.
All is quiet.
The crane doesn't move.
No one is near it.
Vicki sighs, sits, rubs her leg and back, "There's something odd about my school."
Bluejay consoles her.
Count Alf peers with squinted eyes towards the hills, strokes his mustache, "I dare say, President Buckle is causing that. So, we have no choice. We must get to President Buckle in his own home before he can destroy Vicki, therefore... we must travel through... the Thicket of Views."
Horrified, Bluejay's eyes go wide.
Vicki's perplexed.

* * * * *
Chapter 25
The Thicket of Views

* * * * *

A dense, wild thicket.
Dismal and overcast.
Thorny bushes and vines everywhere with an odd gnarled tree here or there on otherwise perfect flat land.
Nailed to every tree, hundreds of notices proclaim a superior view:
"HAMMERS BEAT SCREWDRIVERS"
"SCISSORS SHRED PAPER"
"POTATOES SMASH TOMATOES"
"RAIN REIGNS SUPREME"
Vicki, Bluejay and Count Alf tip-toe through the Thicket of Views.
Bluejay tucks herself close to Count Alf's back.
BlueJay, "Hon-honey--"
Vicki, "Are you sure this is safe?"
Count Alf, "Of course, uh, maybe."
A big snake springs out from the undergrowth.
The three jump in fright.
It slithers off under bushes.
Vicki, "I guess some snakes are safer than some views."
Count Alf, "Vicki, you are indeed a bright lass."
A hawk swoops low over their heads.
They duck.
BlueJay, "Hawks are safer, too, unless they're politicians."
A tiger's roar.
They stop, look around.
Vicki, "Paper tigers scare more people than real ones."
Flathead's voice, "A splendid book of quotes if you wrote them down. Ah-ha!"
The three spin around to see nothing.
Flathead's voice, "I WILL SCARE YOU ALL TO DEATH!"
BlueJay, "Flatty, is that you?"
An invisible door to his sports car, which has the invisible top on this time, opens.
A dismayed Flathead emerges, "I have to take more lessons from Bond."
Count Alf steps in front of Vicki.
Count Alf, "I dare say, Flathead, I know why you found us."
Flathead, "Us, I don't want us. Her, I want, her not us. She's a terrible, tenacious terrorist. Hand her over or else."
Count Alf, "But she's now Princess Vicki, crowned by Queen Victoria, within my very own presence."
Eyes twitching, Flathead stares at Vicki, who fondles her crown, "I'm not buying that... or least not yet."
Count Alf, "Not for sale anyhow."
Flathead, "So! I will challenge Princess Vicki to a battle of views. If she wins, I will lose. If I win, she is mine!"
Vicki steps forward bravely, "Agreed."
BlueJay, "But Vicki, if you lose, he will take you to President--"
Flathead, "Enough! The battle begins."
Bluejay sashays up to Flathead, as sexy as she can.
BlueJay, "Flatty, you look so handsome when you act tough."
Flathead's eyes bug out.
His eyebrows flash up and down rapidly.
He smiles, then pushes Bluejay away.
Flathead, "No! You had your chance. I am agent 007 Flathead and my greatest battle, of which I shall win, must begin."
Count Alf steps between Vicki and Flathead.
Count Alf, "Okay, rules must be followed, guidelines must be adhered to, everything must be properly done. But first..."
He turns to Bluejay, "My sweetie, that was a very noble act, sacrificing yourself for our Princess. If ever there was a time for your highest and loftiest actions to manifest, it is certainly now."
He winks.
Bluejay breathes deep, nods.
Count Alf, "Thus, Flathead, you may present your view."
Flathead struts back and forth.
He reaches in his pocket, pulls out a marble.
Tosses it up and down in one hand.
He whistles, arrogantly.
Pulls out a level with his other hand.
Flathead, "My view is simple. It is quite clear. It is an obvious truth by which there is no doubt."
He pauses dramatically, smiles sinisterly at Vicki, "And there is no way, no way, no way, absolutely no way this impetuous Vicki can dispute it."
Bluejay walks behind some bushes.
She flexes her wings.
Flathead strides away from Vicki, stops, spins around.
Defiant, he holds the marble and the level high in the air.
Flathead, "This world is flat!"
Vicki, "But Christopher Columbus proved that's wrong."
Flathead, "Ha-hah! It is you who are wrong."
Vicki looks to Count Alf.
Count Alf, "Sorry, my lass, Columbus didn't prove it, Ferdinand Magellan did."
Flathead, "Ha-hah! And--"
Count Alf, "And also, my losing lass, you are talking about your world, not our Viewland."
Vicki frowns.
Flathead squats on the ground, places the level, which shows it's perfectly flat, "Besides, I couldn't have the least bit of disinterest in Columbus or Magellan. Of course it's flat, just look at that level. Flat, right?"
Vicki, "But that's only right here, what about--"
Flathead, "Here!"
Flathead flashes his stern face inches from Vicki, "Did you not hear my view?"
Vicki, "Uh--
Flathead, "This world is flat! Here! This world, right here, is flat!"
Vicki drops her head.
Flathead places his marble down.
Bluejay stretches her neck out as far as possible.
She flaps one wing, then the other.
Flathead, "And furthermore, though I have already easily won, look! Doesn't roll, does it? Does it? Does it? NO! Ab-so-lute-ly FLAT! Ah-hah!"
Vicki, "Wait. You have used a marble and level to prove your view. Therefore I can use something to prove you are wrong."
Flathead, "Of course, though it's impossible to--"
Vicki, "Bluejay."
Bluejay's whole body trembles.
Vicki, "As I am now your royal Princess, I hereby command you, your highest and loftiest actions must manifest right now."
Count Alf, "You can do it, my chickadee."
Flathead, "What are you foolishly talking about?"
Vicki, "Flathead, only foolish people think their world's flat. Because they have a very limited view of their world. When people step back from their small world, they can see far beyond to what is truly real.-- Bluejay, now!"
Bluejay pumps her wings, rises up two feet.
Vicki, "Go!"
Count Alf, "Go!"
Flathead, "What is this nonsense!"
BlueJay, "I think I can, I think I can."
Vicki, "Go!"
BlueJay, "I think I can."
Count Alf, "Go!"
Flathead, "Stop all this--"
Bluejay rises up higher and higher, fifteen feet in the air, "I can, I can. I can!"
She dives down at Flathead, bites his back collar and picks him up.
He waves his arms madly, "Bluejay! What is this?"
Count Alf, "I dare say, Flathead, she will help you experience a broader view of your world."
Higher and higher they soar.
Flathead's eyes widen and widen as the view widens and the curvature of Viewland's planet is clearly seen.
Flathead's eyes twitch madly, they stop, he smiles, "My goodness, this world is round!"
Vicki and Count Alf shake hands and dart off through the woods.

* * * * *
Chapter 26
Food views

* * * * *

Many different styled outdoor tables line both sides of a pathway.
The settings display various gourmet and health presentations. Vegetarian here. Italian there. Protein drinks. Grapefruit diets. Pasta rush. Fruitarian nuts.
All offer free tasting.
Vicki and Count Alf appear at the end of the pathway.
They stop, eyes wide.
Count Alf licks his lips.
Vicki rubs her stomach.
They inch their way along the path.
At each restaurant a waiter/waitress/owner steps out, singing their offerings of sample tastes and promises of ultimate happiness.
Vicki and Count Alf nibble as they go.
A Frenchman, "Vous aimez de la nourriture. Madame est exquise."
A Vegetarian woman, "No killing just organic vegetables."
A Fruitarian man, "Humbug, did you see how they slaughtered that carrot? Only fruit the trees offer us here."
An Italian woman, "Il signore mangia qui! Riempia il vostro stomaco."
A Protein Muscle man flexes, "The drink of Hercules, King David, Achilles..."
Skeleton Diet woman, "Grapefruit juice, prune juice, one unsalted pretzel..."
Fat Pasta man, "Happiness! How about a fat-fat filled triple cheese pizza?"
Vicki and Count Alf reach the end.
Count Alf, "Have enough to eat?"
Vicki, "Wait."
Vicki dashes back to a tray full of cookies.
She takes a handful, tucks them in her pocket, "We might meet some friends."
They zip off.

* * * * *
Chapter 27
Tollman

* * * * *

Across a deep crevasse lies the regular looking Viewland with its rolling hillside.
Vicki and Count Alf speed out of the woods.
Count Alf barely stops short of falling off the cliff.
Vicki slips over the edge, "Help!"
Count Alf grabs her, pulls her back.
Vicki, "Jeepers!"
Count Alf, "I say, nasty cut here. And the way to President Buckle's is over there."
High overhead, an enclosed walk bridge extends across the gully.
Vicki spots it, "Look!"
They scramble up the rocks, race to the bridge.
A Tollman, in pajamas, sleeps in front of the locked gate.
Snoring away, he looks like Vicki's Dad with a three day old beard.
Stacked up on either side of him rest dozens of empty beds.
The beds and Tollman block Vicki and Count Alf from the gate.
Vicki shakes the Tollman, though he doesn't wake, "Please, Sir, wake up."
Count Alf, "Hmmm, maybe his chickadee has flown the coop. Vicki, if I'm not mistaken, this sleeping like a babe man is the Tollman. And only he can open that gate."
Vicki tries harder to wake him, "Please, Sir. Sir, please."
He stirs, mutters in his sleep, "The greatest way to live is to do nothing. Don't have to shave, get dressed or--"
Vicki, "Live? But you're not living, you're just sleeping. Oh, please wake up."
She shakes him harder.
He opens one eye, "Young girl!"
Vicki backs off.
He smiles as if half drunk, "More beds, make yourself comfortable."
He falls back asleep.
Count Alf kicks Tollman's foot.
His other eye pops open.
Count Alf, "Come, come, Tollman, open the gate for us."
Tollman, "Can't do."
Vicki, "Oh, please--"
Count Alf, "Can't do! Why can't you do?"
Tollman, "It's a holiday. I'm off the clock."
He falls back asleep.
Vicki sits, defeated.

* * * * *
Chapter 28
It's not Jay

* * * * *

Bluejay's voice, "Hey, down there!"
Vicki and Count Alf look up, Bluejay flies overhead.
They jump up and wave.
Vicki, "Bluejay!"
Count Alf, "My sweetie, come and save us."
Bluejay swoops down and bites the back of Vicki's shirt, pulls her up and grabs Count Alf with her feet.
She flies over the gully, drops them on thick grass and collapses on her back, wings spread out, "My wings are killing me."
Count Alf, "Well done, my lovely chickadee."
He gives her a kiss, "You two rest here awhile. I'll scout the area."
Exhausted, Bluejay falls asleep.
Vicki sits down, she hears Jay, "Vicki?"
She looks around.
No one.
Vicki, "Jay?"
Jay's voice, "Vicki, you okay?"
Vicki jumps up, "Jay? Jay, where are you?"
Jay stands on a rise thirty feet away, "I'll get help. You stay here."
He turns, runs down the other side.
Vicki races after him, "No, no, Jay!"
She reaches the rise, which opens to a majestic view of an ocean with a spectacular double rainbow.
Jay's gone.
Count Alf walks up silently, "Gorgeous view."
Vicki's eyes water, "It's, it's beautiful."
Count Alf puts his hand on her shoulder.
Vicki, "But it's not Jay..."
Count Alf, "And it's not home. Don't worry, I've spotted President--"

* * * * *
Chapter 29
March, march, march

* * * * *

The sound of Military Footsteps.
Vicki and Count Alf turn slowly.
Sixteen smartly dressed soldiers march behind the General and Major.
They spot Vicki and Count Alf.
Major, "I think that's her."
They charge over.
The Major hovers around Vicki who ignores him.
Gemeral, "Are you her?"
Vicki, "What?"
The Major sticks his face inches away from Vicki's.
Major, "Her. Are you her? Don't you understand proper English?"
Vicki, "Yes, of course."
The General taps the Major, pulls him away.
General, "Well, then, answer me, are you her?"
Vicki, "My name's Vicki."
Count Alf, "Princess Vicki, to be precise."
Vicki strokes her crown.
Soldier, "Can't be her, if she's Princess Vicki."
The General stares long at Vicki.
The Major pokes his head in between the two, he frowns.
Count Alf, "I say, smart soldier you are. If you really were looking for her, then try finding someone named "her". As you can see this is Princess Vicki, crown and all, absolutely not "her". And we all know only mad people can have two or more names.-- Tell us, Princess Vicki, are you mad?"
Vicki, "No."
Count Alf, "Therefore..."
The General and Major look at Count Alf doubtful.
Count Alf, "Therefore..."
The General and Major look at Vicki doubtful.
Count Alf, "Therefore, be gone!"
General, "Right, not her."
He turns abruptly.
They all salute him.
Bluejay, "Maybe I'm her?"
The General spins back, his eyes flash at Bluejay who tries to look sexy.
General, "A pretty little weird her, if you were her. No!-- Follow me, men! We must find her!"
Major, "But I thought she was her."
The General whacks him on the head, pulls him off by the ear, as they all march away.
Soldiers, "March, march, march. March, march, march. March, march, march."
Count Alf, "Right, quick!"
He grabs Vicki and the three race off in the other direction.

* * * * *
Chapter 30
Arrest her!

* * * * *

On a hilltop, Vicki, Bluejay and Count Alf lay on their stomachs and peer down at a small replica White House surrounded by a manicured lawn with trimmed bushes that look like animals.
Vicki's partly destroyed school stands on the far side.
President Buckle polishes the demolition crane, next to the school.
He gives it a kiss, struts into the White House, with a big grin.
A fence encircles the grounds with soldiers scattered here and there, either asleep or playing computer games.
Vicki, "He's destroying my school."
Count Alf, "And you, also, my lass. We must stop him."
The three stealthily creep down the hill, zipping behind bushes and trees as they go.
They get close to the fence, farthest away from any soldier.
Vicki spreads her arms, "Okay, Bluejay."
Bluejay flies and picks up Vicki, drops her over the fence.
She flaps back to Count Alf, picks him up.
Bark! Bark!
Two vicious German Shepherds charge toward Vicki.
Count Alf, "No!"
Vicki smiles, whistles and pulls out some of her cookies.
The dogs wag their tails while Vicki holds cookies up in the air.
The dogs stand for their rewards.
Vicki grins at the incredulous Bluejay and Count Alf, still up in the air.
Vicki, "Jay taught me."
Bluejay and Count Alf drop down.
Sleepy Soldier, "Hey!"
Count Alf, "Uh-oh."
The three turn to a half asleep Soldier who leans against the fence.
Sleepy Soldier, "Hey, you with the moustache."
Count Alf, "Yes, I say, young man."
Sleepy Soldier, "Very cute."
He falls back asleep.
Count Alf, "Uh, thank you."
They dash to the building.
The dogs trot along behind.
They hide themselves in bushes near a window.
Vicki, "Count Alf?"
Count Alf peeks in the window, "Yes, my lass."
Vicki, "I... I've been meaning to ask, and maybe it's the right time."
Count Alf, "Yes, please do."
He looks left and right.
Vicki, "How am I going to defeat Pres--"
The sound of footsteps.
Count Alf, "Shh!"
The Major and a Corporal pass by.
They stop.
The Major peers down at the bottom of the bushes, spots Bluejay's bird feet.
He takes on an evil look.
Major, "Corporal, when was the last time we had a really big, I mean super, really big turkey dinner?"
Corporal, "Why it's been so long, Major, Sir, that I'd just love to stoke up a huge barbecue tonight and toss the biggest bird we can ever find smack on top."
Petrified, Bluejay's face turns white.
Vicki, "Go, Bluejay, get out of here!"
Bluejay takes off, flapping madly.
The dogs bark, startling all the sleeping and Game Boy soldiers.
Major, "Ah-hah. It is her! Arrest her!"
Count Alf, "I say, just a--"
Major, "And him, too!"
The soldiers grab Vicki and Count Alf.
Count Alf, "I am Count Alf the fifteenth--"
Major, "Fourteenth."
Count Alf, "And this is Princess--"
Major, "Humbug. Take her crown."
Vicki whistles.
The dogs growl at the soldiers, whose eyes bug out, including the Major.
Major, "But not just yet. She can carry it for us. Come!"
They march Vicki and Count Alf around the White House and enter the front door.
A soldier tries to stop the dogs.
They growl.
He lets them in.

* * * * *
Chapter 31
Vicki challenges President Buckle

* * * * *

President Buckle entertains hundreds of well-dressed people in Vicki's school gymnasium.
No one wears shoes.
A small band plays in the corner.
In strides the Major with Vicki and Count Alf.
Major, "We have her, Sir."
President Buckle backs away from Vicki.
President Buckle, "Indeed."
Major, "Don't worry, Sir, she's my prisoner."
President Buckle, "Right. So the question is, do we tie her in the Science classroom for the next smash?"
The Major grins, sinisterly.
Count Alf, "So, it is you."
Major, "Or the Italian class, Sir?"
Count Alf, "Vicki, I dare say we have discovered--"
President Buckle, "And who is your compatriot?"
Vicki, "What?"
Major, "French?"
President Buckle, "Compatriot, your compatriot, him!"
Count Alf, "I say, look--"
Major, "Spanish?"
President Buckle, "You are both evil, deadly partners in crime!"
Vicki, "No, I'm sorry, I--"
The Major puts his face in close to Vicki's.
Major, "Yes! Evil!"
Vicki, "No! Now just a minute, you--"
President Buckle pulls out a remote control, clicks.
Smash.
Vicki grabs her head, falls to the floor, "Ow!"
President Buckle smirks.
The Major laughs, waves his finger in Vicki's face, "Ah-hah! Take that."
Count Alf helps her up.
Vicki stares hard at the Major, "You bully full of hot air!"
She grabs the float valve on the Major's jacket, pulls.
It breaks off, air escapes.
The Major shoots around the room like a rocket, shrinking as he flies.
He knocks President Buckle's remote control, it flies out a window, lands in the swimming pool.
Major, "No, nooooooooooo!"
He crashes into a stand with a Hercules statue on top.
The statue falls on the Major's head, and knocks him out.
President Buckle's eyes go wide, he chews his gum super fast, "I am President Buckle! Tie her down!"
The dogs dash up next to Vicki and growl.
President Buckle, "Uh, but maybe not just yet."
ZOOM.
The sound of Flathead's invisible sports car as it drives into the Gym, bumping into a few guests.
People run this way and that.
He screeches to a halt.
Hops out.
Instead of his flattop, he sports a bushy, very round looking Afro.
Flathead, "I am here!"
Count Alf, "I say, Flathead, you are not only here, you are hair!"
Flathead struts about, strokes his hair, "Like it? And I don't twitch anymore."
He purposely blinks his eyes long.
Flathead, "I thank a young maiden who helped me give up my wrong view.-- Hey, she's here, Princess Vicki!"
Flathead gets down on one knee, "My royal highness, who has opened my view to the world."
He takes her hand, kisses it.
President Buckle, "Now just a minute, Flat--"
Flathead jumps up, challenges the President, "No! Now you just a minute... uh, Sir. Beg your pardon, boss, but maybe hear me out, okay?"
President Buckle, "Better be good."
Flathead, "She defeated my wrong view."
The crowd murmurs.
Chubby Woman "She also defeated the Squares and Rounds put together. I was there!"
Queen Victoria's Servant, "Queen Victoria crowned her Princess Victoria!"
Count Alf, "I say, therefore, President Buckle, this woman whom you refer to as a terrorist is worthy of a challenge of views."
President Buckle stares long at Vicki.
She smiles coyly.
He blows a gum bubble, sucks it back in, "Right! Outside!"

* * * * *
Chapter 32
The First Battle

* * * * *

Vicki, President Buckle and everyone except the Major exit the school.
Two large crates await.
Vicki stands on one crate.
President Buckle on the other.
Count Alf stands close by as the moderator.
The crowd cheers.
Count Alf, "President Buckle, you may state your view first."
President Buckle, "My view? Why I've already declared my view, she is a terrorist!"
The crowd murmurs and steps back three feet.
Vicki, "But you don't even know me. How can you make that statement?"
The crowd murmurs and steps forward two feet.
President Buckle, "But it's quite obvious. You see, no one knows you here. You are an outsider."
The crowd steps back three feet.
President Buckle, "Therefore you bring terror into each one of our hearts!"
The crowd backs away more.
Vicki looks around at everyone.
She spots the Pink Woman.
Vicki jumps off the crate and races to her.
Vicki, "Please, Ma'am, do you remember when you met me, before President Buckle said I was a terrorist?"
Pink Woman, "Why, yes, I do."
Vicki, "And were you terrified of me?"
Pink Woman, "No, I liked your outfit... and still do, dear."
Vicki, "But did you get afraid with everyone else..."
She waves at everyone, "when President Buckle said I was a terrorist?"
Pink Woman, "I, uh..."
She and the whole crowd drop their heads.
Pink Woman, "Yes."
Vicki jumps back up on her crate, "Therefore, President Buckle, it was not I who terrified everyone, it was you!"
Pink Woman, "She's right!"
Count Alf, "President Buckle, your wrong view has been defeated."
President Buckle's face contorts, he chews rapidly, blows a bubble which explodes across his face.
He wipes at it and dashes behind a monkey bush with its hands over its eyes.
He steps back out yet some of the gum remains on his chin.
President Buckle, "Fuddy-duddy to you. Okay, so I made a small error, it does not matter one bit, I am still the President and thus--"
Vicki, "I don't think you are."
The crowd gasps.
President Buckle, "Ha, you have a view which is obviously wrong. So we have a tie."
Count Alf, "Wait, she gets a chance to defend her view and quite frankly, I say, what an exciting view. Vicki, please continue."
Vicki jumps down and confronts everyone, "Ma'am, did you vote for him?"
Pink Woman, "Huh?"
Vicki, "Vote, you know. Did you vote for President Buckle?"
The Pink Woman stares dumbfounded.
Vicki, "Did any of you vote for him?"
They all stare dumbfounded.
Corporal, "What's vote?"
Vicki, "You didn't vote?"
Corporal, "If I knew what vote was, maybe I did, maybe I didn't."
Vicki, "An election! A vote! When you say you want someone to be the President. Did you even have an election?"
Vicki turns to President Buckle who creeps away back to the bush, "President Buckle! Did they elect you?"
He puts his finger to his mouth, indicating silence.
President Buckle, "Uh, uh... you see, I had an election, but I didn't tell anyone."
Vicki, "Then you're not the President!"
Major, "He's not?"
Pink Woman, "He's not?"
President Buckle, "I, I'm not the, the uh... I'm not?"
Vicki, "No."
Ex-President Buckle bawls.
Count Alf, "Oh, this is absolutely ridiculous, Buckie, don't start the crying, poor me game."
Flathead, "He's not our President."
Pink Woman, "He's not our President?"
Flathead, "We didn't vote for him, therefore, he's not our President."
Pink Woman, "What is vote?"
Flathead, "Doesn't matter, we didn't do it."
Pink Woman, "So who is our President?"
Count Alf, "We will take a vote, right now. I vote for Vicki, the cutest, sweetest President we could ever have."
Pink Woman, "I'll do that."
Flathead, "Me, too."
Corporal, "Me, three."
Count Alf, "Wait, only one vote per person. We shall make this easier, everyone who wants Vicki to be President raise your right hand."
Everyone except Ex-President Buckle raise their hands.
Bluejay flies in, circles around Vicki, "Yay! Vicki's the new president of Viewland."
Cheers.
Soldiers hoist Vicki on their shoulders and march her about.
Bluejay flies to Ex-President Buckle and picks him up.
President Buckle, "Let me down, you!"
Bluejay drops him in the swimming pool, "Yes, Sir!"
Ex-President Buckle splashes around, spots the remote control, grabs it, and climbs out.
President Buckle, "I'll tell the Garbage Man what you've done!-- And, take this!"
He points the remote control toward the school.
Click.
The demolition crane swings and smashes more.
Vicki clutches her stomach, doubles over.
President Buckle clicks again, no smash, click, no smash.
He throws the control down.
President Buckle, "You will be finished when that school is finished!"
He races madly away.
Silence.
Everyone stops, looks at ex-President Buckle speeding off.
The soldiers gently lower Vicki.
Count Alf hugs her, "My lass.
Vicki, "It hurts worse than before. I, I don't feel well."
Bluejay lands next to Count Alf.
BlueJay, "Honey..."
Count Alf, "Yes. The rumors must be true. Vicki, I'm sorry to say, but the Battle of the Century is soon to happen."
Vicki's perplexed.
HONK.
Flathead drives up, pulling an invisible carriage, other than the visible mag wheels, "Tally-ho, shall we go?
Vicki, "Go where?"
Bluejay puts her wing on Vicki's shoulder.
Count Alf, "It appears to me and to others, also, you will have to battle..."
Count Alf pauses, looks off in the distance, plays with his mustache.
He returns with a soft face to Vicki.
Count Alf, "The Garbage Man."
Vicki's eyes bug out.
Count Alf, "And you will have to defeat him before that crane finishes the school... and you."
Vicki, "But I, I don't know... I thought he was going to help me if I defeated President Buckle."
Count Alf, "So he said..."
Bluejay hops in the carriage.
Count Alf, "We shall see. Though I dare say you will have to defeat him as well."
Vicki, "But you said he hasn't any views."
Count Alf, "Perhaps or it may be that we just don't know what it is yet. And if anyone can discover it, you will. Come, we must hurry."
Count Alf yells at soldiers, "Pull the crane away from the school."
He helps Vicki climb in.
Many soldiers race to the crane, pull it toward the carriage.
Corporal, "Wait!"
Everyone else rushes around the vehicle.
The dogs whine.
Corporal, "We must all support our President."
Flathead waves behind Vicki's carriage.
Twenty more sets of wheels appear.
The dogs hop in with Vicki.
The soldiers connect the crane to the back of the last carriage.
Everyone else climbs in the other invisible carriages.

* * * * *
Chapter 33
Onward to the Greatest Battle

* * * * *

Flathead drives his road-train past the upside down trees, over a hill.
Everyone sings, "Vicki is supreme / she is the one / defeat the Garbage Man / his time has come!"
They approach the village, where Vicki defeated the Rounds and Squares.
Chubby Woman "To the courtyard! We need to pick up the rest of the villagers. President Princess Vicki is also our champion!"
They head down into the village.
The Chubby Woman races around, talks with villagers.
Flathead waves, more wheels appear.
All the villagers speed over and climb in the road-train.

* * * * *

The road-train zooms over a barren rise, heads straight for the Backward Man walking backwards into the iPotty, parked in the middle of the road.
I-Potty Man sits close by, plays with his i-games.
Flathead slams on the breaks.
Count Alf, "I-Potty! What a dreadful place for your potty."
I-Potty, "I-potty you mean, I mean, I do."
Backward Man backs out of the iPotty, "What is all the noise about?"
Flathead, "We are taking President Princess Vicki, the Champion to battle the Garbage Man."
I-Potty, "I say!"
Count Alf, "Yes, so hop in and bring your loo, we're going to need it, too."
I-Potty picks up the iPotty, carts it to the rear carriage.
He and Backward Man clamber aboard.

* * * * *

The road-train creeps over a rickety bridge.
Surfer Dude rides waves in the pink river, "Hey, oh hey, where you all heading?"
Flathead, "Viewland's Battle of the Century!"
Surfer Dude, "I'm with you, I'm with you!"
Surfer Dude catches a huge wave, flies up with his little wings flapping madly and into a carriage.
Surfer Dude, "My dad, my dad, we have to get my dad."
Count Alf, "And he might be who?"
Surfer Dude points up to the high ridge where the foot bridge spans the gully, "Tollman!"
BlueJay, "I'll get him."
Off she flies.

* * * * *

Flathead drives by the Thicket of Views.
Count Alf, "Stop here."
Count Alf dashes into the thicket.
Tollman's voice, "Why did you wake me!"
Everyone looks upward to see Bluejay bringing the struggling Tollman.
Surfer Dude, "Hey, Dad, Battle of the Century!"
Tollman's eyes bug out as Bluejay drops him in a carriage, "Well that's a different kettle of exquisite Salmon dipped in Marmite and caramel sauce."
Vicki, "Oh, what about Queen Victoria?"
Queen Victoria's Servant, "I'll get her."
He dashes off.
Out of the thicket comes Count Alf and all the restaurant workers, full with food - which they hand out and everyone stuffs themselves.

* * * * *

They drive through tall, sky blue flower fields.
A rabbit hops across the road.
Vicki watches it dart into the flowers.
She turns to Count Alf, "Count Alf, have you ever seen the 'rabbit in the moon'?"
Count Alf, "Rabbits, yes, moon, no. Sorry my dear Vicki, we haven't a moon here."
Vicki, "The reason I asked was that on earth, I always saw a man in our moon. Then my science teacher showed us how to see a rabbit in the moon."
Count Alf, "And..."
Vicki thinks, glances at the road ahead.
Jay appears twenty yards in front, picking flowers.
Vicki, "Flathead, stop!"
SCREECH.
Jay looks up, smiles.
Mesmerized, Vicki gets out.
Queen Victoria and her servants stride to the road-train, but Vicki doesn't see them.
Vicki, "Jay."
Everyone, "It's Jay!"
Vicki walks toward him.
He walks toward her, "They sure have pretty flowers here."
He holds them out for Vicki.
Super elated, she reaches for them.
Jay disappears.
Shock.
Vicki, "NO!"
She faints.
Count Alf, Bluejay and Flathead race to Vicki, fan her.
Count Alf, "Vicki, it's okay, my lass. We'll help you get home and back to Jay."
BlueJay, "Boy oh boy, is he a knockout."
Vicki stirs, sits up.
Queen Victoria strolls over, puts her hand on Vicki's shoulder, "My Princess, if love is true, it will travel across the universe."
Vicki wipes her tears, looks up at Queen Victoria, "Do you think I can get home and find out?"
Queen Victoria, "Around the next bend is the Garbage Man. Are you ready?"
With a determined expression, Vicki nods.

* * * * *
Chapter 34
Arrival

* * * * *

The road-train rounds the bend with Queen Victoria seated on the front of Flathead's sports car.
They stop, all eyes bug out as they see the Garbage Man's red barn, which now stands thirty stories tall and a city block wide.
Count Alf, "Now that's impressive."
A deafening sound of Garbage Man's voice, "YOU'RE ALL TOO STUPID TO KNOW MY VIEW!"
Everyone but Vicki shakes in fear.
She hops out and sternly walks toward the barn.
Count Alf and Bluejay look at each other, jump out and follow Vicki.
Flathead helps the Queen down and everyone else races to keep up.
Vicki gets close to the barn.
Garbage Man's voice, "STOP!"
Everyone stops.
Vicki waves angrily at the barn, "Garbage Man, you said, if I defeat President Buckle, then perhaps you'd help me. You know I defeated him. Tell me right now, are you going to help me?"
Silence.
Vicki looks at Count Alf and Bluejay.
They nod to her.
She looks at Queen Victoria who nods.
She looks over everyone else.
Flathead, Surfer Dude, Tollman, everyone gives her the nod.
She turns back to the barn, "Garbage Man, I hereby challenge you to a Battle of Views!"
Everyone cheers.
The Chubby Woman hops out in front, leads the crowd in a chant, "Vicki is supreme / she is the one / defeat the Garbage Man / his time has come!"
The crowd chants louder and louder, "Vicki is supreme / she is the one / defeat the Garbage Man / his time has come!"
The barn doors open with a bang.
No one.
From the shadows, out walks ex-President Buckle.
The thin Major, five feet tall and one hundred pounds, cowers behind him.
President Buckle, "Be gone, all of you. The Garbage Man will not see you today."
Vicki stares down ex-President Buckle.
He tries to look away.
Bluejay laughs.
Everyone laughs.
Count Alf, "I dare say, Buckie, you should try theatre."
Vicki strides past ex-President Buckle and the Major with the dogs at her side.
Others follow.
President Buckle, "Now you stop, you--"
Count Alf puts his finger to ex-President Buckle's mouth.
Count Alf, "Buckle up."

* * * * *

Vicki walks to the center of the barn.
The dogs and everyone search the stalls.
Bottles, paper, trash.
No Garbage Man.
Count Alf, "Come, come, Garbage Man."
BlueJay, "Garby, dear."
Flathead, "Garbage Man, you are under arrest."
Silence.
Vicki closes her eyes, cocks her head, listens.
She looks up, points, "There he is.
Everyone looks up.
One hundred feet up on the wall stands the Garbage Man sideways, his feet on the wall and his body horizontal out in the air, "No!"
Vicki, "Bluejay!"
BlueJay, "Righty-oh."
Bluejay flies up at the Garbage Man.
Surfer Dude hops up and down, his little wings flapping, "Go, Bluejay, go. Awesome, eh Dad?"
Tollman sleeps on bags of garbage.
BlueJay, "Garby, Garby honey."
Garbage Man, "Never!"
He runs along the wall, just out of reach of Bluejay's beak.
He dashes horizontal, vertical, diagonal.
Bluejay misses every time she dives at him.
Exhausted, Bluejay floats down, collapses on the ground.
Vicki races to her, "Oh, Bluejay, he's so mean!"
Garbage Man, "Mean! Mean? Did you call me, mean?"
Vicki stands, points her finger directly up at the Garbage Man, "You're a mean, mean person. And if you don't come down here right now for a Battle of Views, I, as President Princess Vicki the Champion, will banish you from Viewland!"
Crowd, "Oh! Oh!"
Queen Victoria smiles.
The Garbage Man's face changes from his callous, hard look to a worried look.
He scrunches his face.
He smiles, though not convincingly, "Hee, hee, I was just testing you."
He dives off the wall, does two flips and gently lands on a pile of garbage, which changes into a six-foot wide platform.

* * * * *
Chapter 35
The Greatest Battle

* * * * *

The barn shimmers and gradually disappears.
The half smashed school appears, forty yards behind Vicki.
Below Vicki, another platform rises out of the ground, so she and the Garbage Man now face each other, with everyone standing around them.
Vicki, "I know your view and it's wrong, too."
The crowd gasps.
The Garbage Man's eyes go wide.
Haughty, ex-President Buckle steps in front of him and blows a bubble straight at Vicki, "Impossible, he has no view!"
The Garbage Man puts his hand on ex-President Buckle's shoulder, "Buckie, step out of the way. The battle will commence."
The crowd roars.
Crowd, "Go Vicki, go. Go Vicki, go."
Ex-President Buckle grabs the Major.
They slink off towards the crane.
Count Alf, "Right, now then--"
Garbage Man, "Enough, Count, we all know the rules."
The Garbage Man waddles back and forth on his platform, "This young upstart infiltrator to our beautiful Viewland has declared she knows my view and not only that, but she claims my view is wrong."
He stops, looks long at Vicki, "Plus she expects that I can help her get home to her Jay."
Unseen to everyone else, Ex-President Buckle and the Major unhook the crane from the rear of the carriages.
The Garbage Man resumes waddling.
He stops, his face frowns ferociously, he points his finger at Vicki and shouts, "OUT WITH IT! OUT WITH MY VIEW IF YOU THINK YOU ARE SO SMART!"
Everyone except Vicki swoons as if hit by a baseball bat.
Crowd, "Oh..."
They stagger to their feet.
Garbage Man, "But first..."
The Garbage Man smirks.
Ex-President Buckle and the Major drag the crane towards the school.
Garbage Man, "First... Vicki, I told you, you would have to discover something important. Please tell all of us what you have discovered."
Vicki, "Views, views..."
She points at everyone, "You all have so many views. Are you really happy?"
Everyone drops their head.
Vicki, "The most important thing for inner happiness is to give up all wrong views."
Everyone, except the Garbage Man, gasps.
He nods.
Ex-President Buckle and the Major position the crane next to the school.
Vicki, "And you, Mr. Garbage Man, must give up your wrong view."
Garbage Man, "Which is?"
Vicki, "Your view is that everyone is too stupid to know your view."
The Garbage Man stares long and hard at Vicki.
His eyes squint tight.
A smile lights his face, "Hoo-ray, hoo-ray! I can give up my view because there is now someone who is not too stupid to know it!"
He jumps up and down with glee.
He races over to Vicki, gives her a big hug.
Garbage Man, "Thank you so much!"
Ex-President Buckle adjusts dials on the ball so it swells ten times larger, while the Major sits in the controls' seat, fondles the levers.
Garbage Man, "Vicki, my lovely princess..."
He gets down on one knee.
Garbage Man, "Please help me go home."
Vicki stares in astonishment, "What?"
Everyone stares in astonishment, including ex-President Buckle and the Major.
Vicki, "But you were going to help me go home!"
The Garbage Man grabs Vicki's hand, holds it to his chest, "I can't, I don't know how. You're smarter than me. I came here from Cleveland, Ohio. I no longer want to be the greatest garbage man in the universe. I, uh--"
The Garbage Man's body glimmers, "Hey!"
He kisses Vicki's hand as he fades, "I... I'm going home, I'm going home. Thank you, Vicki!
Gone.
Everyone's eyes go wide.
Ex-President Buckle's face twitches madly.
He takes his gum out, sticks it behind his ear, and yells at the Major, "Now!"
Vicki and everyone look over at the crane.
Vicki, "No!"
Count Alf, "No!"
Count Alf and many soldiers race toward the crane.
BlueJay, "No!"
Bluejay hugs Vicki.
Everyone, "No!"
The Major grins, pulls a lever.
It's stuck.
He pulls hard.
It breaks off in his hand as he falls off the crane.
The crane wobbles, spins.
Ex-President Buckle tries to control the wildly moving ball.
He grabs it.
It swings toward the school with him hugging it.
SMASH.
It hits the school with ex-President Buckle's leg between the ball and the wall.
President Buckle, "OW!"
Vicki falls, holding her head, "No!"
BlueJay, "Vicki, Vicki!"
Count Alf and the soldiers try to stop the crane, but the ball with ex-President Buckle swings toward them.
They dodge.
The ball swings away, hits a large tree with ex-President Buckle squished.
President Buckle, "OW! Help! Help!"
It swings back to the school, misses by inches, swings around and the entire crane crashes to the ground.
Ex-President Buckle flies off, into thorny bushes.
Everyone, "Yay!"
Soldiers grab ex-President Buckle and the Major.
Bluejay cradles Vicki, "Whew, you're safe now, Vicki."
Vicki nods.
Flathead whips out a huge magnifying glass and searches where the Garbage Man used to be.
Flathead, "Okay. Now, how'd the Garbage Man do that?"
Vicki sits up, "I guess Alfred was right, if we give up all wrong views, we can discover our true home."
Flathead, "But, just wait one minute!"
He jumps up, looks intently at Vicki.
Vicki, "He gave up his wrong view."
Everyone except Bluejay, Count Alf, the Major and ex-President Buckle race around excitedly.
They all declare their letting go of a wrong view in front of Vicki, she touches them, they shimmer, fade, thank Vicki and disappear.
Even the dogs bark, lick Vicki and vanish.
Bloody, torn and scratched, ex-President Buckle limps to Vicki.
The Major cringes behind him.
Ex-President Buckle kneels in front of Vicki, pleads.
President Buckle, "Please, please President Vicki, I'm so sorry. I, I-- can you help me get home, too?"
Vicki, "What! Why should I help you after what you have done to me?"
He puts his head to Vicki's feet, "Please, I got too caught up with being important."
His whole body shakes, "I was lost... like you. Please forgive me. You're wiser and more kind than I'll ever be, but I'll never be so cruel to anyone, ever again. I promise you."
Vicki, "Where are you from?
President Buckle, "Capitol Hill, of course. I was a taxi driver."
Vicki touches his shoulder, "Give up your wrong thinking that you are a president and you can go to your true home."
President Buckle, "I am no longer a president and I would love to drive my cab again."
He simmers, "Thank you, Vicki!"
He fades and disappears.
The Major kneels before Vicki, "And I never again want to be worst bully in the universe."
Vicki touches him.
Major, "Thank you, Vicki."
He fades and disappears.
Count Alf turns to Bluejay.
They sigh at each other.
Count Alf's face brightens, he pulls out two pieces of paper, madly scribbles on one.
He hands it to Bluejay, "My address in Austria."
Bluejay smiles.
She takes his other paper and writes, "Mine."
They rub noses.
Count Alf, "See you soon, my sweet chickadee."
He turns to Vicki.
Count Alf, "I hope to have a daughter just like you. Thank you, Vicki. I hereby let go of my wish to be a Count."
He smiles at Bluejay, shimmers and disappears.
BlueJay, "I guess I'll go, too, Vicki."
She gives Vicki a long hug.
BlueJay, "No longer do I want to fly like a bird."
Bluejay shimmers, "But, oh, no! NO! Vicki, you don't have any wrong views! How are you going to let go of any and go home?"
Vicki sighs, "I guess I can't go home."
BlueJay, "I'm so sorry."
Bluejay disappears.

* * * * *
Chapter 36
Vicki can't go home

* * * * *

Vicki's eyes fill with tears, "I can't go home."
She plays with her hair, looks around at the deserted area, "I can't... go... home."
She steps off her platform, walks away, "Everyone else can go home, but I can't."
She passes by Flathead's road-train.
She touches it, shakes her head, "Everyone else... they can, but I... can't."
Tears stream down her face, "They can, they can, they can."
Vicki's face lights up, "If everyone else can, then I have a wrong view!"
She spins around.
Jay sits on her platform.
Vicki, "I can go home!"
Jay smiles wide.
Vicki races toward him, "I can, I can, I can go home!"
He stands.
She jumps into his outstretched arms.
They disappear.

* * * * *
Chapter 37
In Jay's arms

* * * * *

Vicki lays on the ground in front of her house, unconscious, her head cradled in Jay's arms.
Worried faces hover around - her Mom, Dad, brother Hank, Caitlin and Alfred.
Jay, "Hey Vicki, Vicki..."
Vicki opens her eyes, looks up at Jay.
She smiles, "What a beautiful view."
Jay blushes.
Mom, "Oh, Victoria, you're alright!"
Caitlin, "Well done, Jay."
Hank, "She's alright, she's alright."
Dad, "Your head okay, honey?"
Caitlin, "Jay, why don't you carry Vicki inside?"
Jay picks Vicki up.
She snuggles her head against his neck.
They walk past the rabbit nibbling on the grass, into the house.
Vicki spots the rabbit, she smiles.

* * * * *

Jay carries Vicki up the stairs.
Dad, Mom and Caitlin follow.
Vicki, "You're so strong."
Jay, "Uh, thanks. You know, you're lucky you didn't get a concussion or something worse."
Caitlin, "That's because you saved her, Jay."
Vicki, "Yes. Thank you so much."
Jay, "Uh, sure."
They enter her bedroom.
Jay lays Vicki down in bed.
She doesn't let go of him.
Caitlin, "I think it'd be good if you check on her tomorrow, Jay."
Jay, "Uh, would you like that?"
Vicki, "More than anything."
She kisses him on the cheek, lets him go.
Jay smiles, "Okay, see you tomorrow. Like some ice cream or something?"
Vicki, "Yum..."
Jay leaves.
Mom, "What a nice young man."
Caitlin winks at Vicki, who sighs.

* * * * *
Chapter 38
New Views!

* * * * *

Vicki and Caitlin dash out of school, each carrying a soft drink in cups.
Loaded with books, Alfred struggles to keep up behind them.
Caitlin, "Awesome! You got an "A" from Mr. Harder?"
Vicki, "Yup!"
Alfred, "An "A" from Mr. Harder is harder than catching giant Bluejays."
Vicki, "You're just jealous."
Caitlin, "So read me the essay."
Vicki hands Caitlin her drink, stands on a short concrete wall.
Lawrence swaggers over, listens.
Vicki, "Mr. Harder, I failed my first test on views but I've changed my view on many matters so here's my new viewpoints."
Lawrence head motions to a friend, who comes over.
They smirk at each other.
Vicki, "Vicki or Victoria, I shall not worry for the essence is the same by any name."
Lawrence, "How about Princess?"
Vicki smiles and ignores Lawrence's cutting attempt.
Vicki, "Rabbit or man, the moon is the moon. To say only one is right, the other is stupid is simply a wrong view. Thus, "stupid" is a term I shall not use again for it shows a lack of imagination."
Other kids gather around them.
The polka dot girl and checkered fellow among them.
Vicki, "For if the world was only full of squares, it would be a frightful place and the same can be said if we had nothing but circles."
Lawrence's face takes a turn toward seriousness and respect.
He shakes his head in bewilderment, and smiles.
He pokes his friend, they nod in agreement.
Vicki, "Whether it be Columbus or Magellan it matters not who discovered the world was round, for it was always round regardless of what others thought."
Principal Box exits the school, joins everyone listening to Vicki.
Vicki, "And this is the essence of what I've learned, if I want to be happy I need to let go of wrong views, wrong views and more wrong views."
Caitlin, "Well done!"
Everyone claps.
Principal Box waddles by, "Smart girl, isn't she?"
Lawrence steps forward, "Vicki, I, uh, hey, I just want to say, I'm sorry for making fun of you. That was awesome."
Vicki smiles lovingly at Lawrence, accepting his apology.
Alfred, "Tis impossible a girl wrote this, beyond comprehension and simply without a doubt this profound and terribly important document must be written by a--"
Vicki and Caitlin turn to Alfred with daggers in their eyes.
He smiles his Alfred E. Newman smile.
Vicki and Caitlin pour their drinks on his head.
Vicki, "Alfred, time to let go of your wrong views!"
Everyone laughs.
Jay zips up on his bike, "Hey, Vicki."
Vicki, "My favorite view!"
She races to Jay, hops on the bars.
They ride off.

* * * * *

The end
About the Author

Thank you for reading "Vicki in Viewland", one of Steve Weissman's 12 stories now available worldwide. We hope you enjoyed the "journey" with Vicki, Caitlan, Bluejay, Alfred, Count Alf, Jay and the other characters.
Steve has been an international Buddhist meditation teacher since 1987. He was a resident teacher at a meditation center in Thailand for 25 years, teaching over 8,000 students from more than 85 countries. He currently lives in Australia, and continues teaching at various centers worldwide.
It was in his early years of teaching that Steve started weaving in entertaining short stories. One of his students commented on how they thought Steve could successfully write a screenplay. At the time Steve had far too much work to consider such a project, and dropped the thought.
Several years later, Steve was contemplating the Buddhist philosophy concerning death in different realms of existence, particularly the higher realms. In those realms, beings are thought to live an extremely long time and may come to believe their existence is permanent. He wondered what it would be like to explain what death is to someone, who had absolutely no knowledge about the aging process or death. These thoughts sparked more thoughts, and three days later, Steve finished his first screenplay draft.
After polishing that script and experimenting with a few more, Steve realized that no one has yet produced a dramatic movie of the Buddha's life for Western audiences. Yes, there are many biographies of the Buddha, but a biography is a biography, and very difficult to create the excitement that movie audiences want.
So, why not write a semi-fictious biography, with the dimension and character of a true "Hero's journey"?
Steve's movie script, "The Great Quest" is that story, which has the potential to become the first Hollywood-level, dramatic movie of the Buddha's life produced for both Western and worldwide audiences. <http://thegreatquest.net.htm>
But although "The Great Quest" has made 22 script contest finals, Steve's many attempts to attract producers, directors, actors, agents and managers, has not yet produced fruit.
Understanding more about the film industry, Steve realized that a film of this magnitude - with good directing & acting - could be Oscar-worthy, but it would be very expensive. So he decided to write more scripts that were lower budget, thinking that if one of these would sell, he might get a better response for "The Great Quest". These scripts have made another 36 finals, and he has now won 7 contests, with dozens more semi & quarterfinals.
But, again, Steve's attempts to attract Hollywood interest, has not yet produced fruit.
So now his thought is - turn the scripts into inexpensive short stories, and see what happens.
Do you have any possible connections with film personnel? If so, would you please pass "Vicki in Viewland" on to them. Steve will also gladly send all 13 of his stories to anyone who has a genuine interest in turning one or more of these into a film.
And, if you did enjoy this story and would like to help in even a small way, would you please take a few moments to leave a good review at your favorite retailer? More positive reviews will encourage others to read and enjoy it, too.
Thank you very much. You might be that special person who can help "Vicki in Viewland" and "The Great Quest" become wonderful movies.
More information about Steve's teaching can be found at <https://rosemary-steve.org>. And specific film/stories information can be found at <http://thegreatquest.net/stories.htm>.

* * * * *
Steve's 13 stories

The Great Quest	
Drama Biopic
Based on the true story of the Buddha: The battles of a Prince who rejects riches and power, risks insanity and death, in a quest to find ultimate freedom.
Imprisoned in the Palace by his father, the time fruits when a naïve Siddhartha awakens to the realities of the world, and escapes in search of a deeper meaning to life. His devious, look-alike, unrelenting alter ego, Mara, presents the greatest obstacle, thwarting Siddhartha at every possible opportunity. Siddhartha also confronts barbaric Brahmin Priests, a war-raging King and evil spirits before he attempts harsh austerities and starvation. Barely escaping madness and death, Siddhartha strengthens himself for his illustrious battle with Mara, when only one will survive.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-0-3

Open Your Eyes, Dude
Romantic Comedy
Relaxing at the beach before a seminar with the world's most renown, yet reclusive eye surgeon, playboy doctor Tom has been given an ultimative - stay a bachelor stuck in his boring job or join an elite group of doctors keen to be in the Senate. However, he has just one week to find a wife who will enhance his public image. When he meets secretive, gentle new-ager Tricia in the surf, she intrigues him and then escapes his advances before he can discover more. He follows her but confronts the scheming tricks of a jealous neurosurgeon, and his own selfish ways. Finally he seduces her for one night, and actually finds that he is falling in love with her. But what happens when she discovers his original motivation?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-5-7

Barred Engagement
Crime Thriller, Romance
Travis and Janie are lovers from high school, engaged to be married, with her father welcoming Travis more than his own son. But when they find out Travis has a different real last name, all hell breaks loose. With her father threatening to kill Travis if they tried to marry, Janie cancels the marriage to save Travis, but he won't give up that easily. Despite the danger, a resolute Travis must fight not only for his love, but for his life. And little did he expect to find out how Janie's father was connected to his parent's deaths.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-8-9

Love, Mysterious
Fantasy Romantic Comedy
Cupid's top marriage agent from who-knows-where, Kolby has a massive problem. His job – and Cupid's life - are on the line unless Kolby can fulfill the hardest of all assignments! Rumor has it the couple were Romeo & Juliet, Anthony & Cleopatra, plus believe it or not - Adam & Eve. But when there's a time limit on the love arrow's potion, things don't always work out the way you'd like. He shot the greatest two soul mates as little kids, but the girl was born to the wrong parents and moved halfway around the world. Kolby must get them back together and make sure they stay that way. He's in a race against time to save Cupid and Love on Earth. And if that wasn't enough, he also struggles with another love agenda of his own.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-6-5

Mick, a kid who fought
Coming-of-age Drama
Brought up by a immigrant Polish father who never "stirs a tiger", quiet Mick shies away from any confrontation, even when he's denied his well earned High School award with a desperately needed scholarship by a jealous teacher. Yet after the girl he loves calls him a loser, Mick chooses to identify with his freedom fighting grandfather who died rocking too many boats. Will Mick learn to fight against bullies and win back his love, or will his father prevent him?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-3-3

Vicki in Viewland
Fantasy Adventure Animation Comedy Spoof
ALICE IN WONDERLAND meets THE WIZARD OF OZ in the land of foolish views.
A 13-year-old's crush on the paper boy has her falling head over heels, landing in the fantasy world of Viewland where the vicious President labels her a terrorist and tries to annihilate her. Aided by a five foot tall Bluejay and Count Alf the Fourteenth, she confronts foolish view after view until she must defeat the President in order to return home. Yet is the President the only one she must battle? Or is there someone more ominous who awaits her?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-7-1

For Life
Drama
For years Taylor, the president of a leading euthanasia group, has pumped all his energy and drive into his "mission". But now he must confront the reality of his own mother's illness and face-off with his estranged anti-euthanasia daughter, who holds power of attorney and medical decisions for her grandmother. Fearing the worst of her hated father, she does what she can to stop Taylor, yet his buddies also come knocking on her grandmother's door. Meanwhile Taylor's incestuous sister-in-law plays her sexual games and plans what to do with her share of the inheritance.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-7-2

Security Act 2070
Thriller Drama Sci-fi
Sixty years in the future, materialism reigns supreme in America, "One nation under Money". Those who protest the accepted creed are declared fanatical enemies of the State. After losing his parents and his love, the death of his brother tips Buddy over the edge into the "disease" which pits him against the culture. Swiftly suppressing his protest, the authorities commit him to a mental hospital where a doctor seeks a live specimen for research.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-1-9

Get Updated, System's Archaic
Coming-of-age Dramedy
Ken and Aaron's childhood sibling rivalry continues as adults. Though Aaron tries to make it good, even saving Ken's life, Ken's hatred stays. When Aaron shows up for a family reunion with Rahula, a half-Asian adopted son, Ken's prejudice grows, and multiplies a hundred-fold when Rahula and Ken's daughter fall for each other. Can the past be healed or will the reunion tear the family further apart?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-0-2

The Kalama Awakening
Cult Drama
On a spiritual quest, young naive Julie's longing for freedom and devotion makes her an easy target for a cult Guru's lust and her boyfriend's willingness to trade her for power and fame. Isolated and drugged, she ends up in a nightmare of betrayal and manipulation, yet resists being brainwashed into submission and becoming the Guru's sex slave. Sage, an ex-devotee, knows the evils that await and risks his life to rescue her. Yet he also becomes caught in the Guru's web and it's up to Julie whether she can save both of them.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-6-4

Leaves fall
Fantasy Dramedy
In a world where soulmates meet, an inept fellow has failed constantly for over 300 years. Even when his true love appears, rather than being ecstatic to see him, she yearns for her past life as a celibate nun. Clever, quick and breaking the rules, she outfoxes mating attempts, not realizing that they are an eternal pair. So what happens when a ninety year old nun, celibate all her life, dies and is spontaneously reborn as a young beautiful woman in a world where everyone meets their true mate?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-2-6

Another Chance
Drama Thriller
Brad, a star High School quarterback/Valedictorian, turns bad, becoming a local drug lord. Despite his wrong ways, he longs for the approval of his virtuous father. When Brad finally entices his father into his nightmare world, a surprised and shocked Brad watches his Dad out perform his own evil ways. When he awakens from his hell, he tries to reform and plans to marry a homely, innocent Librarian whom he truly loves - but will his fate allow this?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-4-0

The Burden of Angels
Fantasy Comedy Short
God warns goofy Humphrey, he's on the verge of failing Angel School when an elite class of angels head to earth to help major catastrophes, yet poor Humphrey plans to aid just one man who lost a piece of paper.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-9-5

