Vold's Tale

Published by Voldemars Adminis at Smashwords

Copyright 2018 Walter J. Scott



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is licensed for your enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each additional recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue-

"I am going to hike into the Wilmar Wilderness, and not sure when I will be back. If you could go down to the Sheep Creek, parking area, in a week and pick up the van, I would be grateful. If I am gone longer than that, I will find my own way home. There is no point in my vehicle sitting there to be stripped and robbed." I asked, as I looked over at my long time younger friend. He looked puzzled, but agreed as I handed him my spare key to the van, before I added, "There is a good cabin, two days hike in and a few days there, should get my head cleared." 
There was no reason to tell him I had no intention of returning. As far as I was concerned there was no more reason to live. I did not believe in religion, as it was taught in any church. I had tried but with all the contradictions. Love each other but hate and kill others. Keep the family, yet the scriptures glorified incest. I did believe we were being watched over, but it was not by any God or divine being as man taught us. 
"Are you going to be alright alone, or you meeting someone there?" asked Joe. 
"No one else, but I will be fine. I have planned this for a while now and made sure I took everything into account. Even bringing my parka, in case it snows. There will be others along occasionally and I will leave a plan with the Park Rangers." I smiled as I said it, as I knew the Rangers would only know I was hiking in and a friend would take my van after a time.
"You are not a spring chicken anymore Vold. You sure you can handle this?"
"Look Joe, I just need you to pick up the van, if I am not out in a week. If I am, I will send you a text from the Ranger station. OK?"
"No problem, buddy. Just making sure you will be alright."
"I will be fine. I have it all planned and am ready. I have to go, you take care of yourself. Say hi to your parents for me." I stood and dropped a few dollars on the table to pay my share of the food and drinks.
"I will Vold. See you later, and have fun" were the last words my close friend said. Not knowing we would never meet again. Not in this lifetime anyway.
Yes I had it all planned. I would take five days supplies with me and walk seven days into the mountains. I knew I could never willingly take my life, but once before I had almost starved, so I knew that I could do it again, and if I could get totally lost in unknown terrain it would be better. I had a basic idea of wilderness camping but no idea what plants were edible or not. If I was lucky I could get a mountain lion or bear upset and they would do the job and get a free meal too.
There was nothing left for me so it was time. I refused to become a vegetable and waste away in a hospital or some care home where no one would visit anyway. I had a woman who said she cared and in her way she may have, but I needed more and could not get it in this life, so I had to move on to the next. I needed to be more than just some nice guy who helped everyone and never got anything in return. Money was not what I wanted and false friendship I did not need.
While I still could, without interference, I will take my life and since I truly believed in reincarnation, I will find out what is in the next life for me. Everyone knew when I was supposed to return. None knew that day would never come. Now all that was left was to wait till my leaving date came around.


Chapter One

With my pack on my back and a sturdy walking stick in hand, I headed off towards the high mountains, many miles ahead, along the well worn trail. I left my vehicle locked in the parking lot, knowing that in a week my friend would find it, and take it home as we had agreed, when we last met. With the sun just coming up and at my back, I walked through the trees, hoping I would get a long ways from civilization. The birds were singing and with the occasional rustle of wind in the trees. I smiled and walked on. Many would think it strange that I was happy about going to end my life, but I was, and started to hum an old song about backpacking. 
The sun was off to my left and high in the sky when I came to a stream and stopped to have a drink. I wasn't hungry, but was hot and thirsty. I was not in great shape, but it did not matter. I took a long drink of the water, which was clear and cool. A deer stepped out of the trees a few yards downstream, she glanced at me and then took her drink. She looked at me again, before she went back into the trees. I took that as my cue to move on toward the snow capped peaks again. Following the stream I wandered along humming. Other than the trees whispering in the wind and a few glimpses of wildlife I was alone and loving it. In my forty odd years on this planet I never had felt so alive or happy, as I did now. 
Many hours must have passed, when I noticed the long shadows. I realized that soon the sun would be gone and I had better find a place to spend the night. Just off the trail was a very small clearing that had been used as a campsite, so I strolled in and took my pack off. I found a few fallen evergreen branches for my mattress and laid the sleeping bag on them before I looked for dead fall for a campfire. In a short time I had a small fire going and felt warm and cozy. I had a bit of freeze dried food for my meal, then laid down to rest but I fell asleep quickly. I do not know how long I had slept, when a loud shriek woke me. It was totally dark, with only the stars in the sky at first.
I jumped up, realizing I had not gotten into the sleeping bag. Again I heard the loud shriek from overhead. Looking up I saw a large shadow. It looked like a bird, but I had never seen any bird that large before. Not even a giant condor was that large. It must have been the size of a small aircraft. I pinched myself to be sure I was awake. I was. The shadow glided silently west, toward a pass in the mountains, which I suddenly noticed were no longer a long ways off. I never realized I was that close to them, but obviously I must have put in many more miles than I thought. I sat there for a long time trying to figure out what I had seen, but never came to any conclusion that made sense. The fire had gone out long ago, and the sky was getting lighter, so it was time to pack up and move on.
I looked around for the worn trail, but it was gone. What the heck? The creek was still there but I only saw an animal track was along side it now. I wondered what had happened to the well worn trail, that would have led to the cabin, at the lake on my second day of hiking? It was very curious and confusing. Since I had intended to get lost in these mountains anyway, I shrugged it off and headed toward the mountain pass the huge bird had flown to. It was as good a destination as any and I really did want to find out what I had seen. If that was possible. So after filling my canteen with water, I strolled off along the narrow track. 
My pace seemed faster and I did not seem to tire, as I had usually after long walks. Although I was going up all the time and the trail I followed narrowed, I felt no exhaustion. I actually felt invigorated, as I walked through the trees, which suddenly opened into a large meadow, full of wild flowers. It was as beautiful as any picture. I walked on, doing my best not to step on the flowers, which gave off a heavenly fragrance. Stopping at the other side I took a cool drink from the trickle of a stream and made sure my canteen was full, as from here on it would be a lot steeper, going up hill and there would be no more trees as I was at the tree line now. I had never hiked this high before, but knew I had to keep going to find answers to the things I had seen earlier. I had some time before night would fall, so I started along what seemed like a slight trail to me. I had made it almost to the top of the pass when the sun started fading, so I rolled out my sleeping bag on a level spot, under a ledge of rock. I rummaged through my pack and found that I was out of food, which was strange as I was sure I had more freeze dried food with me. Guess I would be going to bed hungry tonight and with no wood around would be a cold night but the ledge would keep me out of any breeze that would come up. I was just below the snow line, so hopefully I wouldn't get wet from my body heat. I sat for a while thinking of the strange happenings of the last day, but knew I needed to rest and could not think, so I slid into the bag and was soon asleep. 
The sun was very high when I woke near a blazing fire, there was a huge piece of meat on the spit over it. I sprang up totally confused, as I was on a grassy rise overlooking a very large lake. I thought I must be going crazy. I know I was high in the mountains last night, but now I was in a valley with the peaks all around me. There was the sound of birds singing in the trees. Birch, fir, aspen, which were familiar, but there were fruit trees too. Apple, orange and even lemon trees, that I know you can't grow in the mountains. I heard a rustle in the bush and as I looked in that direction, I had to rub my eyes several times, as a giant of a man strolled out toward me. At least eight foot tall, and nothing anyone would call attractive. In fact am sure he would be what I would call an ogre, the true definition of ugly, but that was not possible, was it? He wore nothing more than an animal skin around his waist and was very muscular and hairy. From the smell, I doubt he washed much or had his matted, shoulder length hair cut, ever. In his arms he carried a bunch of large branches, which he snapped easily, with his hands and tossed on the fire, while barely glancing at me. He took out a large blade and cut off a piece of the meat. He grumbled something I did not understand as he thrust it toward me. Timidly I took the hot meat and thanked him. As I ate what tasted like beef, but not quite, I asked him where I was and how I got there, but all I could make out from his speech, was the word 'Guardian', or at least I thought that was what he said. It was a word he used several times, but there were no other words that he spoke that made any sense to me. A strange language that this person spoke. I have heard many languages, but I just could not place this one. Stranger still was the fact that he seemed to understand me perfectly. 
Since I was here, I had every intention of exploring this strange yet beautiful valley. I rolled up my sleeping bag. When I picked up my very light pack, I realized it was empty. All I had left was a knife, that was on my belt and the small hatchet I had brought to chop kindling for a fire. My large axe, matches and spare clothes, were gone. Somehow I knew my companion had not taken my things, but I asked him anyway. Again he said 'Guardian' and nothing more. Not being able to understand a word he said, and knowing I would not discover why these things had happened here from this kind, yet not so bright man, I finished getting ready to leave. I thanked him again. I turned and started to head north, but he grunted something and pointed in the opposite direction. As much as I tried to go north, he blocked my way and kept pointing south. So with no choice, as there was no way I could push pass him, I strode off in the indicated direction. He didn't try to stop me, but stayed and watched me. I assumed it was to be sure I went the way he wanted. I waved to him and walked through the bushes and south on the road there. I wondered why he was so insistent I go this way. It did not matter as I would still see this lovely valley I found myself in. 
The dirt covered road, seemed very well worn and wide enough for a car, or maybe a wagon, as I somehow doubt there was ever a car in this place. There were slight ruts along the centre but they were not deep so I had to assume there was a little traffic here. As I strolled along, I tried to figure out what had happened to all my supplies, and me. I had started my hike in what was early fall but here it looked more like mid summer. Everything was green and beautiful around me. Flowers of all sorts were in full bloom, trees in full foliage, birds singing all around and such fresh, clean air. This was such a perfect place that somehow I knew, I would never want leave. I had not walked far when through the bushes I glimpsed what I thought were horses, but they looked huge, like Clydesdale's and they moved so quickly, that all I ever saw was a blur. I stopped and strained to see them through the bushes, but I could see no more, so soon I went on again. 
The road was bending away from the lake. I heard a stream ahead and then saw a bridge, as I came around a turn in the road. It was a very well built wooden bridge over a wide clear stream. I stopped for a drink and the water was very cool and almost tasted sweet. I decided to sit under a large oak tree and just enjoy the beauty around me. I must have dozed slightly for what had to be many minutes. I was brought to reality by the sound of hoofs on the road. I rose and went up to the road to see who was coming, thinking maybe now I would get some answers. 
It did not take long to see that I must be dreaming or I had lost my mind. Coming down the road, side by side, were two, obviously female, because they wore no clothing, centaurs. I caught myself rubbing my eyes again, as they stopped beside me. They said something, but again in the same language I had heard before from the ogre. They saw that I did not understand them, so they indicated with their hands, for me to come with them. In for a penny, I thought. I followed the ladies down the road and it was soon that I saw a tower over the trees. It seemed that was where we were going. The female centaurs kept chatting away as we walked on, occasionally glancing back to see if I was still following. I got the impression they were having a bit of a chuckle about me. I wasn't sure and didn't really care. I just wanted to find out where I was, or, if I was dreaming all this, I didn't want to wake. This was a much better place then the war filled, greedy world I left behind. 
Looking up as we approached, I saw that the tower, was larger than I had realized. I always thought there would be a clear area around any watch tower like this, but here the trees were very close to it. The centaurs opened the large doors, indicating that I enter. I walked into a large bare room with a very large, wide staircase going up against the back wall. There were doors on either side of this room, that lead to other rooms, I gathered. No decorations or anything else was visible. 
I was a bit shocked as I looked back, as the doors closed with the help of a large hulk of a man, and I use that term loosely, as I recognized him from this morning. After closing the doors, he motioned and shocked me again by saying, "Follow". The first word I had totally understood since I arrived in this strange valley. More questions and no answers. The centaurs had disappeared through one of the side doors so I hustled after my new friend who was already a long ways up the very wide, massive steps, so I had to really move quickly, to catch up.
It was a bit strange to call this person a friend, but I was more comfortable with him than anyone else I had ever known. It was hard to explain but here it seemed that all treated each other with respect and caring for who they were and not how they looked.
The first two floor landings opened to a small foyer or so it looked, with several doorways but the doors were all were closed and my friend had continued up so I hurried after him. So many steps I thought they should put in an elevator but assumed electricity was in short supply here. When I arrived at the third level, my friend indicated for me to come to the settee across this large well furnished room. It seemed to take up the entire level. A large four post canopy bed stood at the far wall. There were two settees and two large easy chairs next to two huge bookcases at one side and what I assumed was a dining table on the other with eight wooden chairs around it. All looked like it was from the middle ages or at least what I would picture of that time period. There were four tall narrow windows with stained glass, equally spaced to allow light in.
My ogreish friend, said" You wait here. Myriansinta come. Tell all." And with that he was down the stairs and gone, before I could say a word. Since I had nothing better to do I strolled around the room and looked over the books on the shelves. Maybe if it took a long time for whomever it was to show up, I could find a good book. As I browsed the shelves, I saw books in many different languages. Some I recognized but others were foreign to me and all the books seemed very old. I soon gave that up and wandered around to see what else was here. I open the wardrobe to find many fine clothes. All were very frilly and seemed to be from the past. There were some shoes with buckles and nothing else. There was a door I had not noticed before so I opened it and looked into a small room with a brass tub in one corner and what looked like a toilet in the other. Nice to know I won't have to jog a mile to the outhouse. Closing that door I heard hooves on the steps so I went toward the steps as one of my female companions came up onto the landing. 
She smiled and asked if I would like to eat. Shocked again, I asked her how she spoke English now, when she and her friend didn't when we met. She simply said, "Myriansinta allows it. You eat or no?" I said yes, but just a little. Not sure if she heard the part about a little, as she wheeled on her hind legs, and was clattering down the steps, gone in a flash of hooves. It was only a couple of minutes before she was back with a tray of hot meat, a long loaf of bread and a bowl of fruit. Much more than I could eat alone. She put them on the table and without a word was gone again. I didn’t see any utensils so with my hands I ripped off some meat and placed it on the piece of bread I had broken off. It tasted good but I could not place what it was but it didn’t really matter. I ate more bread and meat, till I was full. Looking over the fruit, I did recognize all of it. The pomegranate I took and ate, was sweeter than any I had ever had. After I finished eating, I washed my hands and wondered how long I had to wait here for whomever it was that was coming to see me.
I strode over to and up the small stairs that continued up. I wanted to see from the top of this tower. At the top of the stairs was a small, well more normal sized for me, door that opened to a large bare platform, it had a waist high stone wall around it. The sun had gone down but to the north I could see the lake, shimmering in the moonlight, which came from the biggest, brightest moon I had ever seen. The stars were so numerous and that is one thing I loved about being away from all the light pollution of the world I had lived in. There was what looked like a twinkle far across the lake. I couldn’t be sure it wasn’t just a glint off the water, but it was lovely. Off to the east was another glint of light and what looked like buildings but again, in the moonlight it was hard to tell what it really was, if not just shadows playing on my mind. I saw what seemed to be large birds in the distance, but had no idea what kind of birds they could be. To the south and west the mountains loomed above me so there was not much to see there. I was determined to come back up in the morning but for now I just wanted to sleep.
Upon re-entering what I assumed to be my room, I noticed the meat and bread were gone but the fruit was still there, so I took an orange, peeled and ate it. There was a jug of water by the bed and before I lay down, I had a drink. I could not get over how sweet and cold the water was. I lay down on top of bed and realized that I have never been so comfortable or happy in my entire life. I had seen and been part of so many strange things, yet I did not panic or feel scared. Other than some confusion by what I had always thought were fantasy creatures, I felt so at home here. It was a good place to die, and with that thought I drifted off to sleep.
I woke to see sunlight coming through the windows and hear birds singing outside. I felt more rested than I had in more years, more than I could remember. Getting up I had another drink of water and took an orange. Wanting to see the area in the daylight, I strode up the stairs and was treated to a warm sunny day. The few clouds, high in the sky were large and fluffy. Looking down and out I saw many trees with birds fluttering to and fro. The lake was such a sapphire blue, that it seemed to twinkle. I could see for miles from up here and was so fascinated with the view that I never heard the wing beats from behind me. 
Suddenly I felt the heavy brush of air as the huge creature landed right behind me. I turned with a start, and gazed up at the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. It was everything I thought a dragon would be. Large, with very large wings, white scales that somehow looked soft. The face was much like an alligator, yet fuller and much more pleasing to the eye. The eyes were large, cat like, yet they seemed soft and kind.
I just stood there looking at this creature, when I heard it say, “I am Myriansinta, your teacher. You may call me, Myri. I will show you and tell you about our valley. Then you decide to stay or leave.” The words never came from her mouth but I heard them in my head. I just stood there dumbfounded till she spoke again saying,” You going to eat that or may I have it?’ Astonished, I just held the orange out, as she flicked it from my hand and gulped it down. “Climb on and hang on to my scales or you will fall. I will show you the valley, then we can talk.” I stepped on her front knee and clambered up to the base of her neck. With two flaps of her very big wings, we were in the air and gliding north, over the countryside. 
Looking down at the trees I thought to myself that this must be a dream. Myri instantly replied, “No, not a dream, our world. Look below, there in the clearing, is the home of Centaurs. You have met Slamora and Vinall, they will serve you at the tower.” Below I saw a beautiful green meadow and smoke coming from a chimney at the edge of the trees. This is where I had seen what looked like horses. Now I knew what it really was that I had seen. 
We reached the northwest corner of the valley, where my guide swung to the east along the north side of the lake. Myri said, “To the left in the deep forest at the base of mountains, live the Elves. They like to keep to themselves in the village, but you will meet the ones who work in the valley in time. On the right, on that island, which you will never set foot on, live the fairies. They will make themselves known, if they wish it. You must not go to them under any circumstance.” I promised her I would honour their wishes, although I would love to see them. 
After what seemed a short glide across the valley, we passed a very large open area, with what looked like cattle shelters around the edges. I was told it was for the annual Gathering for the summer solstice. We glided along the northern mountains, to the eastern edge, where Myri circled over the base of the mountains. I could see several caves below in a canyon and then Myri interrupted my thoughts and told me that below lived the dwarves. And I would meet Bharfaec, the master builder, soon, if I decided to stay. He always greeted new comers. 
We wheeled south along the mountains and were soon over another beautiful meadow, in which I clearly saw several Unicorns. I would have to return here to get a closer look. I always believed they were real, but never thought I would ever see one, let alone a whole herd or a blessing as they are called.
Beyond that I could see furrow fields that seem to have been unattended for some time, except for one larger patch, that seemed to be in crop. Just south of the fields were several buildings and a small castle. They all looked abandoned for some time. All but one needed roof repairs. I wondered what had happened that anyone would leave such a beautiful place, but to my surprise my guide said nothing, even when I asked about who lived there. Myri just flew on swinging back toward the tower, which just to the west of us. She told me that in this corner of the valley was the home of the dragons. I would learn more about them in time.
Just before reaching the tower Myri, pointed out a swamp below us, it was the home of Azag, whom I had met, when I woke by the lake. He was the only ogre in the valley and a very gentle giant. Then we were back at the tower and although it seemed that the trip had only taken minutes, the sun was more than halfway across the sky and my stomach was growling. Myri must have realized this and said, “I know you have many questions, but you get food and rest, I will return tomorrow, to answer your questions.” With that she sprang up and flew off toward the mountains to the east, where she had her nest or cave. I had no idea what a dragon called home. 
Back in my room, I sat at the table, which already had food on it. There was a red liquid in a crystal decanter, that I took to be a wine. Pouring some into the ornate glass beside the decanter, I sipped it and was surprised that it tasted more like a soda than anything else. As I ate, I thought about all the amazing things I had seen. All the creatures and beings I had always thought to be no more than fantasy, were here, living together in peace. I knew all legends had some base in fact, so seeing these creatures was not a total shock, although it was one heck of a surprise. 
Most of all, the beautiful unicorns I had seen, were the biggest surprise. Even more than riding a dragon was. There were at least a dozen unicorns, of various colours, all with long beautiful, spiral horns. Although I had not gotten a good view, there was one brown coloured one, with a reddish horn, that had caught my eye.
My mind was overwhelmed by the thought of this place and how no one outside the valley, that I knew of so far, knew it was here. How was that even possible? Planes and satellites must have passed over and photographed this place. How could they not see it? It was no small valley. That is a question I would like to get the answer to, or it would drive me crazy, not knowing how this place existed in secret. 
I was still mulling all this over when a female centaur came in and asked if I wanted more, to which I could only reply a weak no thanks, as there was still a large amount of food left on the tray. I asked her name, as I wanted to become a part of this place as soon as I could. She was a fair looking lady and paint horse, or that is what the animal part of her looked like, and most definitely not modest. She smiled and lowered her head as she replied, “I am Slamora, sir.” With a smile I automatically said, “No sir please, I am called Vold.” I figured the abbreviation was better than my whole name. She replied, “As you wish sir, Vold.” With that she picked up the tray. As she turned, she asked if I wished anything else. I asked about the red liquid last night and was told it was a wine that the elves made. It was non alcoholic and everyone here drank it at meals. Then I asked her what was on the other floors, and was told just rooms for guests and some storage for bedding and spare furnishings. She said there was a wine cellar in the basement and I was welcome to explore at my leisure. Slamora asked if there was anything else I wanted, I could only say nothing she could supply, with a smile on my face. She just gave me a sly glance and left. 
I took a glass of the sweet wine over to a comfy chair and pulled a book off the shelf. Sitting down to let the food settle and do a bit of reading. To my surprise the volume I had in my hand was an old copy of stories by the brothers Grimm. I read and soon realized that it was an original copy, as all the stories were dark and scary, not the watered down version we tell our children. After reading a couple of stories I thought I knew, but didn’t really, I closed the book and laid it on the table beside me. I was still restless, and needed to know more about where I was. 
Getting up I walked to the stairs and went down to the next floor where there were four doors. Starting at the closest one I looked in to see a good sized living space. Sparsely furnished with a bed, small table and a padded chair, it looked comfortable. Next to that were two large storage rooms and then another living quarter almost identical to the first one. The next floor was identical, so after a quick glance, I went on down to the ground floor to see the kitchen but must have turned the wrong way, as the side room I entered, was filled with spears and old blunderbuss guns. There must have been hundreds along the walls. Guess even here, there had been those who could not live in peace. Even in what to me seemed like paradise, and yet I could not help but think, that maybe that is why they are here and dusty. They were not needed. That is what I hoped at least, but would ask in the morning.
Leaving the weapons room, I crossed the foyer and found myself in a large dining room. In the centre was a very long table with several chairs around it and a tapestry of the valley, I assumed, with it’s strange inhabitants, on one wall. Through the open door on the other side I could see a large kitchen area. Upon entering the cooking area I saw two large fireplaces with pots hanging in them. There was nobody here, that I could see so I wandered between the preparation tables that were cluttered with empty pots and metal dishes. Many larger pots and utensils were hanging from racks above the tables. Just what one would expect in a large kitchen. There was a small door off to the side, so I opened it and followed the stairs down a long way till I stood in the stone walled wine cellar. There was row on row of bottle racks, running into the dark end of the room and all were filled with dusty bottles full of wine, or so I assumed. I saw nothing else of interest so I turned and went upstairs to my room again as it was getting late. 
The sun was low over the mountains when I got back and there on the table was food. For half horse, that female was very quiet and friggin’ near invisible, as I never heard or saw her pass me on my exploration. I poured some wine and sat down to eat. My thoughts wandered again to all I had seen and experienced and knew it would be a day long question and answer session in the morning. After I finished eating, I took a drink to the soft chair to just sit and contemplate my situation. I was interrupted by Azag who picked up the tray and ask if I needed anything else. I asked where the girls were and was told they had taken off to be with their families so he was taking care of me. I thanked him and told him I was alright for the night. He grunted and left me alone again. I started to read a book of short stories by an author I had never heard of, enjoying the extreme quiet of this place. I think I will like spending my final days here as long as I am allowed. Guess I will find out in the morning. 
I put down the book and climbed upstairs to see the stars. The moon was bright, and I had never seen the stars so bright, or numerous. It was a beautiful sight. I stood there a few minutes, when a shadow caught my eye. It slid low over the lake, and it’s outline was definitely of a very large bird, like a crow but so much bigger. I have seen many birds, but never one that large. I had heard of large birds in the past, but only a Roc would have been even close to the size of this one. It was a magnificent sight. I stood there and watched it glide across the lake, then back up into the sky, as it flew towards me. 
I hoped it wasn’t looking for a snack, as that is all I would be for it. As it came closer I saw how big it really was and knew this tower would never support a bird that large. It was so big, I was sure that it could pick up an aircraft carrier. I was frozen in my place as it sailed over me then circled back toward the lake. As it turned, I swore I heard the word, ‘welcome’, in my head but lately I couldn’t be sure of anything. This was a strange, but beautiful place. The bird sailed low over the lake and off into the distance. Overwhelmed by what I saw today, I went down and decided to try and sleep, if my mind would let me.


Chapter Two

As I opened my eyes, I realized it was dawn. Stretching the sleep from my body, I sat up as Azag came in with breakfast. He placed it on the table and turned, only grunting to my thank you. An ogre of few words, obviously. Then again, I only know one, so have nothing to compare him to. Since I would have my questions answered today, I hurried to get dressed and eat. I rushed up the stairs and there was Myri waiting. I automatically greeted her with a ‘Hi’ and she replied with ‘yes it is’. It took me a few minutes to explain that is how people greet each other, where I came from.
She simply looked at me and said, “I see. Shall we begin to answer all the questions in your mind? “
Before I could say a word she answered my first question by saying, “Zofiya, the Guardian, has brought you here, as she saw something in you that will be of benefit, from you being here in the valley. You saw her last night and will see her again, if she wishes you to. You do not to need know any more about Zofiya than it is she who brings us peace, but she will throw you out if you cause any trouble here, as she did with those in the village you saw yesterday.” Myri continued by telling me that if ever a dispute arises, it is she who will discuss it with Zofiya and they will settle it, one way or another. No one person or people were more important than keeping the peace here.
"This beautiful, peaceful place had been part of the world for many millennia. In that time only three Guardians had watched over it and the first had not come till the arrival of the centaurs, who had fled the human hunting parties. The first was a wizard who had tried to help the humans live in peace but to no avail. He came here and found the centaurs. He used his powers to keep others out of here. Over time he and another, saw others being oppressed and allowed them in."
Then she told me that all the creatures here had once lived among mankind, many ages past, but because mankind was full of greed and always warring, they had come to this valley to live in peace. Although there were other places like this around the planet, Myri seldom left here. Zofiya maintained the barrier that kept the valley hidden. It was slightly out of time with the world I had come from. Only she and the Guardian knew how to move between the valley and outside world. I was brought through in two stages, which explained how I had travelled so far in such a short time, so it would not be hard on me. In time I would be strong enough to make the jump in a moment if I wished. Here time passes slower than it does outside. It almost stands still for aging, but she did not know how or why. Age here has no meaning as many here are very old, but eventually death does claim all. 
I was free to go wherever I wished, with the exception of the island in the lake of course, and although some may be shy, I would be welcomed by all. They all knew I had been welcomed by the Guardian, if I was here. I was given the ability to understand their spoken languages, as they did mine, so communication would not be a problem.
There was no currency here, so any service given, work was done willingly with nothing expected in return. Everything was shared with all in the valley. I could do any work I wished or none if that is what I wanted. I could not take more than I needed nor could I hunt for the sport, that was abhorrent to all here. I quickly assured her that killing for other than required food was against all I loved and cared for. If I could survive without killing I would. She replied, “Yes we know, or you would not be here. We need to be sure though so you will be watched until we are. A trial period as you would call it.” 
I smiled, as I almost expected that would be the case but I did not care. I felt safe and welcome in this beautiful world. I tried to question her about the village to find out more but all I found out was there was another human living there and tending the fields with help from others. If I wanted to know more I would have to talk to her. Getting nowhere, I dropped that line and asked about living elsewhere, as this tower was just not my style, as if I had ever lived in a place like this. I was told there was a place by the lake that was unused or if the female, Lina, at the village did not mind, there were many houses there that could be used.
All my food and drink would still be brought to me by the centaurs or Azag as they have taken a shine to me and wished to be helpful. Myri herself would carry me between worlds, if I ever wished to travel back for any reason. There was a griffon south west of here that would provide transportation for me if I just asked. He was alone here and enjoyed a good run as he could no longer fly. ‘Humans had clipped his wings in an act of cruelty before he came here. Now he is safe and content. He is called ‘Sharazat’. Just call him in your mind and he will answer you, but will only hear you if you call him.’
“You have any more questions?” Myri asked. I told her no. That about answered all I had, anything else I will discover myself. She spread her wings and with a huge sweep of them was airborne. She glanced down and wished me a good day. 
Till we meet again, I thought. I stood and watched her soar away, then slowly I surveyed the valley and thought, ‘How did I ever get so lucky to find such a perfect place?’ I walked downstairs with a smile and the most contented feeling I have ever had. I went all the way to the kitchen and asked the centaurs for a flask of water, as I wanted to stroll down to the lake. They smiled and asked if they should come. I declined the offer, but thanked them for all they had done. I also told them I wasn’t sure when I would be back so they didn’t have to stay if they did not want to. I was immediately told they would be here as long as I was. Somehow I knew there was no point in arguing. Thanking them again I walked out the door and took the small trail to the north east, which headed straight to the lake, from what I had seen from the tower. 
The walk was very pleasant, as I strode along the road between towering trees. My thoughts went to the griffon, as I wondered what it would be like to ride another mythical creature. I hadn’t take ten steps when beside me appeared a large creature and I realized I was in the company of the griffon. I stopped and looked at this massive animal in amazement and touched his side. I said, “You are Sharazat?”. In my mind heard him say ‘Yes, get on between my front shoulders and hang on to the mane’. His massive wings were tucked close to his golden brown body and by all appearances they looked fine. I climbed on and told him I would like to go to the lake. In a flash he was at full stride, almost throwing me off, but thankfully I held his golden mane tight. I no sooner had settled in a comfy position than he stopped at the lake shore, beside an old cabin. I slid off, thanking him, and in the blink of an eye and without a word he was gone. Back the way we had come. 
I looked over the cabin and after walking around it I saw that other than needing a couple of minor repairs it was in good shape. It was a very well built log structure with a small windowless addition away from the lake. I returned to the west side, where I had started and opened the door, whose hinges needed oiling. It creaked as I pulled it open. Surveying the room from the doorway, I saw a nice large rock fireplace across from me, with a large black pot hanging over the cold ashes and a grill to one side, a large window was to my left, a pile of furs on the floor in front of it. The furs almost looked like a bed and must have been from a huge bear or other animal, as they would hang over the edges of any king size bed I had ever seen. To the right of me there was a single wooden bed, with another fur on it and straw underneath, as a mattress. To the right of the fireplace was a sink and small cupboard and between there and the bed was a small table and two chairs and a door to the addition. The floor was of very smooth, polished wood and did not flex or creak. I opened the door at back to stand in a fully tiled bathroom. There was a tub of a shining silver metal, a toilet of the same material and a tank above it with a cord. I could only wonder if this place would ever stop amazing me. How does a place so in the past have such modern facilities?
I stepped back into the main room. It was then I realized that there was no dust. The room was too clean. I had to wonder who kept it that way since I was told it was abandoned. Well, I decided I had better know before I moved in. As I stepped out and closed the door, I remembered that Myri had told me there was only one other human here but she lived in the old town, so I made up my mind to seek her out and find out what she knew about this place. Looking out across the beautiful shimmering blue water, I sighed at the beauty of this place. I turned and strode along the trail, which was just that, a narrow trail through the trees heading east. 
It was a very warm day and pleasant walking with birds singing in the trees. A slight breeze was cooling me off. Brushing past a couple of bushes, I chuckled as I realized I had apologized for brushing into them, and I thought I heard them reply. Continuing along I hummed to myself. I don’t ever recall being so contented. As the trail wound through the trees, I could see steam rising up through them. I continued on to the next bend and saw the trail branch off with a narrower path going to my left toward the steam. Maybe it was a hot spring, so I turned down the small path, when I heard a sweet voice singing ahead. Some splashing was heard so I stopped. I had to decide if I should intrude or just go on my way, but curiosity got the better of me. 
Spreading a bush slowly, I saw a human female gliding through the steaming water gracefully. She had long black hair and was well tanned to a slight brown. I wondered if she was native Indian or just well tanned. I could not see her face clearly through the steam but when she leaned against a rock for a moment I did realize she wore no swimsuit, but then that wasn’t a shock as why would anyone in this place? I pulled back, letting the bush come together, and making a bit of noise, so I would not overly surprise her, as I came out of the bushes. I stepped out and in faked shock, I said, “Oh! I am sorry, I didn’t realize anyone was here.”  
She looked me over, as I did her. “You are pleased at what you see?” she asked. I realized I was staring a tad too much and that I was getting aroused, as my pants were getting tighter. It had been a long time since anyone had affected like this. She asked if I was coming in. Although it never occurred to me, I just looked at her and said, “No, I was just looking around, since I am new here. I will leave you alone.” 
She quickly replied, “Please stay, it has been a long time since I spoke with another of my kind.”
“As you wish M’lady”, I said doing a low bow, “my name is Vold. Have you been here long? In the valley, I mean.” I asked as I sat on a rock at the edge of the pool, adding “Excuse me for staring but you are very attractive.”
She giggled and said, “I am Lina. I have seen many snowfalls here. More than I care to count. It is my home.” I wondered why she would stay here alone, but why should she be any different than me. I was always happy alone. She had a glow on her face and though it would not be the most attractive in the world that I had left, it was a very good looking face. She was a lovely woman from what I saw. I wondered if I was attracted by her looks or just by the fact that there was a feeling in me that I had seen her before. I felt we had been together at another time and place.
I asked her to tell me about herself and without looking up she said, “It has been many season since my man left, as he could not live here without others. He followed them from the valley and have not seen or heard from him again.” She looked little sad as she sat in the water, and went on: “He was too war like and I was only as a servant to him, so it is good that he is gone. I am happy with my lot here. No one tells me what to do and I have many friends.”
I had to admit that I was attracted to this woman and was hard pressed to keep from just taking her into my arms and making love to her, but I needed to know more about her and what she wanted. “I was told that you lived in the town east of here and it was where I was going to learn more but I’m so glad we met here. It is a lovely spot. Do you know who is living at the cabin near here?” I stammered out adding, “I was wanting to stay there but will find another place if it is occupied.”
“Nobody lives there. I occasionally use it to watch the fairy lights across the lake. You are welcome to live there if you wish. I can watch from elsewhere.” she replied.
I quickly said, with a smile, “You can come anytime you wish my dear, as long as you don’t mind my company.”
She replied with a smile, “Silly man, why would I mind? You are here because you need this place as much as it needs you.” I looked into her face and saw a twinkle in her eye. “It is late, I should get back to feed my animals. We will meet again. Soon.” With that she rose and slipped her simple white dress on. Suddenly a brilliant white unicorn, with a pink striped horn, appeared. It must have been near by, but I had never noticed it. She mounted it and blew me a kiss as she rode off and was gone. 
I slowly stood up, closed my mouth, which was open wide because, I never realized unicorns could be ridden. I headed back to the cabin, all I could think of was of the lovely woman I had just fallen in love with. In what seemed like the blink of an eye, I got back to the cabin and entered. The fire was lit and a bowl of stew was bubbling on the grill. It had to have been my centaur friends. I sat at the table and tried to eat, but I wasn’t hungry so just left it and sat down on the furs. I looked out at the stars thinking how enchanted this place was.
I could not help but smile at the beauty I found myself in. It was all I had ever wanted and so much more. There was a twinkling from across the lake and I realized that it must be the fairies on their island. Contented I lay back and watched the stars play across the sky. My mind seemed to drift to Lina and what she may think of me. It gnawed at me that I had seen her before, but where and when? I would have to ask her one day if she remembered. Something inside told me that we would become more than friends. With the picture of her in my mind I drifted off to sleep. 
I opened my eyes to a bright sunny day and rose, yawned and turned to see breakfast on the table and no sign of who brought again. ‘I could get used to this’, I thought. After a hearty meal, I stepped outside and down to the lake for a dip. The lake was cool but not as cool as a glacier fed lake should be and I could only assume that was due to the nearby hot spring. No sooner had I exited from my swim when I heard a deep voice, in a language I had not heard before. It almost sounded German but not a dialect I had heard before. Sounded like singing of a sort. Being naked I went for the cabin and clothes but not quite at the door I saw the very stocky, short man coming down the path carrying what looked like a tree stump on each shoulder, and a pouch of tools hanging at his side. I knew without any introduction that this must be, Bharfaec, the dwarf.
“Welcome, Vold,” he shouted, “I bring you a gift, for you are newcomer.” He plopped the stumps down and then I saw they were chairs. Well carved with ornate dragon heads as arm rests. The back had a coat of arms, that looked vaguely familiar, but I wasn’t sure where I knew it from. He looked at me and said with a wink, and chuckle, “You put pants on, don’t want you to get splinters, then come have drink.” I was surprised and did as he told me. It took only a minute but he was already gulping away at his drink and held a wooden cup up to me, which I took. I took a gulp and almost choked on the strong drink. He laughed loud and hard, saying, “You will get used to it. I make it myself. Good stuff, better than anything elves make." 
We sat and talked as I tried to get use to his heady brew. I was right about who he was and found out that he had gotten my name from Azag. Bear, as I would call him, was head of anything that needed to be fixed or built in the valley. I told him I could do repairs but would welcome any advice from him. Just in case I got it wrong. He also gave me a quick building history, of the month it took him and his friends to build the tower. I asked if he had built the town too, but was told that he and his friends had helped, but when the folk wanted to fortify it they had quit. There was no need for fortifications in a peaceful valley. It was soon after that that the people left. All but one. He mentioned coming from the Bavarian Alps, but he’d left when the persecution started so many years past. Then I recognized that it was the German coat of arms he had put on the chairs. He easily lifted what looked like a gallon jug and filled his glass and topped mine off, urging me to drink faster. I didn’t realize it was a contest but told him I was not used to strong drink so I would take my time, thanks.
As we talked more, I learned that he had a wife, a seamstress who made curtains and some work clothing for anyone who needed it. His two children were following his footsteps and were becoming good builders, but one was a better metal smith. As he poured the last of the jug into our glasses he gulped his down and got up. Then he said, “Good meeting you Vold, anything you need, just ask.” With that he waved and strolled off the way he came, singing that strange happy song. 
I sat there soaking up the sun on my bare chest when several deer strolled over to the long grass in front of me and started grazing. They nodded their heads as if to say hello so I said hello to them and took another sip. The drink was getting easier to take, or so it seemed. Glancing down to the lake I saw a bear at the water, waved to him and was not surprised when he stood up on two legs and waved back, then went on his way. 
Just then Azag came from behind and sat down beside me on the grass and offered me some sweet-cakes. I assumed he brought them from the tower. Taking one I thanked him. We sat watching the deer and lake, without a word spoken. We must have sat there for a long time when he said, “Like you. Slamora and Vinall like you too. You are good man.” I told him that I liked them too, because they were good folks and very kind to a stranger. “It our way. You learn. We be friends.” I agreed with him and we went back to watching the lake. 
I must have dozed off, because next thing I knew, Azag was gone and I sat alone and my glass laying on the ground beside me. I rose to stand, but sat back down right away, as everything had started spinning. Great, I was drunk on two glasses of that concoction. I made a mental note to not drink more than one glass again, if that. I took deep breaths and hoped I could get into the cabin to sleep this off. Ready for the spinning, I slowly got up and holding the chairs arm for support, I stood and got my bearings to the door, which looked a long ways off but in a couple of stuttering steps I was there. Opening the door I staggered in and collapsed on the furs with a throbbing head. It was nice and warm with the sun coming through the window and on the hot furs, I quickly dozed off. 
I woke to a strange, powerful odour. I looked around and there was Lina, stirring something in the cooking pot. She glanced at me saying, “Good, you’re awake. Here, drink some of this, it will take the headache away.” She handed me a cup filled with a dark brown liquid that reeked. She giggled as I turned my nose up and said, “Drink, don’t smell.” I did as I was told and after a short time the pounding in my head stopped and I almost felt human again. “Bharfaec told me you were drinking with him so I knew you would need help. I came as soon as morning chores were done. His drink is too strong for you. It takes a long time to adjust to it.” I could only stutter in agreement and say a feeble thank you. “Keep some in the bottle for next time, It will be good for many full moons. Pour the rest in a hole out back or you will make the fish sick,” she said, adding,”I need to go now that you are better.” She mumbled, “Why are men so feeble minded and stupid?” to no one in particular as she closed the door and was gone.
I have never know such kindness, as was shown me in this valley, and not asking for anything in return. I could only hope that one day I could repay it all. Not just to this sweet woman, whom I was definitely attracted to, but to everyone here. With that in mind I took a canteen with water and started for the tower to tell the girls I would do my own cooking so they did not have to pamper me anymore.
I dug a small hole and poured the obnoxious smelling stuff into the ground, making sure I kept some in a small vial, just in case. My head was still a bit groggy, but I headed off in the direction of the tower and thanked the trees for their welcome shade as I walked along. Listening to the birds and greeting them with a kind word about their singing. So many birds of all sizes and colours, it made me feel so silly that I did not even know what most of them were. They sure sounded sweet though, and made the walk more enjoyable. For a few strides, a small black and white fellow landed on my shoulder and sang to me or I assumed it was to me. As I walked he sang and after many minutes he chirped and flew off as I waved and wished him a good day. 
I strode up to the tower without any more little hitchhikers. I walked into the dinning area to see Azag sitting there munching on what looked like a whole cow hind quarter. He looked up and grunted, but kept eating. I asked him if the centaurs were around. I was informed that they had gone home and he would get them right away. Before he stood I put a hand up on his shoulder and told him to finish his meal. I would go. I wanted to see as much of this valley as I could. He seemed a bit disappointed but returned to eating and I walked out and took the west road to the meadow where they lived. 
It was a pleasant walk down the road and I was barely winded. I stepped into the meadow and saw Vinall’s grey form across the lovely green field, so I waved and shouted her name. She turned and galloped over. Her first words were right to the point as she said, “You want something? I will get right away.” I smiled and for some reason was still at bit discomfited by her naked breasts right at my head level but looked up at her and said, “I just wanted to tell you that I will be staying at the cabin from now on and will do my own cooking. I appreciate all you have done and you and Slamora are always welcome to visit, if you wish.” As we talked about how I was going to manage, being a man and all, Slamora came over to us and just stood there listening. I finally convinced them that I was capable of living on my own but would ask if I ever needed help. After allowing them to send Azag with supplies occasionally, we parted and I decided to stroll home through the trees and along the lake edge. 
I had noticed a game trail just a short way back. Going there I followed it east. It swung toward the lake along the small river. I found a shallow crossing so I took it. I got my feet wet, which was fine with me. It was a warm day and a bit of water never hurt anyone. The water was ice cold but refreshing and only three steps got me across. I put my shoes back on and continued a short ways, when I saw a black bear coming toward me. I stepped to one side and nervously waited for him or her to pass. To my shock it stopped right in front of me, looked, and sniffed. Then it nodded and walked on, to my relief. It would take me some time to get over some of my old prejudices, but if this is as bad as it gets, I would have a great home here. In what seemed no time at all I exited from the trees and saw my cabin just beyond a row of pines. I sat in my new chair and looked up to check the sun. It was about mid afternoon and I was not even tired from that long stroll. I estimated that I had walked at least fifteen miles in less than half a day, which for me was unbelievable. 
I was still not sure whether or not I had died or was just dreaming all this, but I will live here till my time comes. It was just too good to leave. Tomorrow I will visit the unicorns and with luck a very sweet woman. For now I just sat here and enjoyed a precious valley.


Chapter Three

As dusk came, I rose up from the chair and went into the cottage to find some red wine on the table and there was bread and fruit in a leather bag beside it. I must have dozed as no one passed me or maybe they brought it while I was out. No point in worrying about it. I had gotten used to things just popping up. I chuckled to myself and took a glass of wine out to sit and watch sun disappear over the mountains. As I went back to my chair outside, there was Azag, sitting beside it. He smiled as he saw me. I returned his smile and said, “Welcome friend.” I knew he was being friendly, when his smile widened to a near grin, but it would have frightened many people I had known. He was a good soul and I did enjoy his company. He never talked much and was always willing to help. I could only wonder how badly he had been treated before he got here. 
We sat and watched the stars come out and when the moon rose over the mountains, I got up and touched my new friend’s shoulder and said, “Goodnight Azag, I go to sleep now.” 
He looked at me a bit sadly, it seemed, and informed me that he would go, but return daily to make sure I had food and drink. I thanked him, then went inside to lay on the furs that had become my bed. Maybe one day I would use the bed, but I rather liked laying in front of the window on the furs. They made a very comfy bed. Rolling the edge of one fur as a pillow, I lay there and looked out at the stars and thought of Lina, till sleep came to me. 
It was still dark as I woke to someone or something near me. I turned to see a shadow and suspected who it was, when a voice said, “Sorry to wake you but it got cool outside and I just needed to warm up before I went home.” I knew Lina’s voice at once. 
I invited her to my side closer to the fire and without hesitation she moved between me and the fire and sat on the edge of the furs. I lay back and asked how long she had been there. The answer was for some time but no more. I rolled on my side so she wouldn’t see I was getting aroused. It had been a long time since I was alone with a woman and was embarrassed to let her see, as we barely knew each other. Before long she stood and started to leave so I asked her if she would like to stay the night. I mentioned the bed was not used or she could share the furs as there was plenty of room. She thanked me but said by the time she got home it would be time to feed the animals and get to the fields. With that she walked out. 
I rolled on my back and lay there thinking of her and wondered if she would ever like me more than just a friend. Shaking that thought from my mind I somehow knew there was time to get to know her better before I approached her about a relationship. Anything she had done so far was only because it was the way of things here. I better get my thinking adjusted to that or I may be tossed from this very pleasant place. 
In my mind I heard another familiar voice, “She likes you, just do not rush it my child.” I thought, ‘Yes Myri, I will take it slowly.’ My dragon teacher glided into my sight through the window as she crossed over the lake and I thought,’Goodnight my dear friend and teacher,’ but there was no reply as she flew away. I yawned and soon dozed off again.
The sky was just getting light as I woke and looked around for coffee. I checked the pot to be sure it was ready and placed it on the grill. I moved some hot coals under it to be sure there was enough heat to boil the water. I found some biscuits in the cupboard and sat eating one as I waited for the coffee, which didn’t take long. I poured a cup and removed the pot from the heat before I went to sit outside and finish eating. I thought about what I would do and smiled when I thought of seeing my late night visitor again. I finished my drink and put the cup away, picked up a shirt and started my planned journey. 
I strolled past the hot pool and soon came to the end of the path. It ended at an orchard of fruit trees, with many rows of grape vines next to them. I walked through the trees, to the road beyond. I could see the town in the distance and headed for it as soon as my feet stepped on the road. A large stone bridge allowed me to cross the wide river. I stopped on the bridge to admire the view. Upstream was a mill, with its large wooden wheel turning in the water. The cultivated fields lay before me just off the bridge and although the town was close enough to make out all the buildings and the castle that stood behind it. 
Facing the town I took a few steps, when I felt someone pull my legs from under me. I hit the dirt hard. I rolled and looked up to see a short stocky figure, with hands on his hips, rocking with laughter. He laughed so hard, I started laughing too as I thought how funny it must have looked. He stretched a hand to me. I held it as he yanked me up to my feet. “I am Seshi. You are Vold. I like you,” he stated in a very matter of fact tone. I smiled and looked at him. He wore pants under a white apron that covered his hairy chest and went down to just under his knees. He looked like a dwarf yet I knew he wasn't so I said,”I will have to watch out for you. You are not a dwarf, so what are you?” 
Smiling broadly, he laughed, “You have never seen troll before? You are from a long way away then.” 
I explain that it was not the distance, but the time I had come from that didn’t allow me to know all the creatures that lived here. He seemed to understand and then laughed and said it was too hot today so he would go back to his home under the bridge. I watched him slide down the bank and step out of sight. Turning back toward I town, I continued my journey.
It wasn’t long before I stood at the edge of town. All the small houses were on one side of the road in front of me. There were stands in front of some and they looked like shops. I wandered down the road west toward the castle that lay just beyond the houses, till I noticed curtains in the window of the only house that looked occupied. Knocking on the door, I got no reply so opened it a bit and loudly asked if anyone was home. Only silence. I wondered where Lina was. I closed the door and headed back to where the road split. 
Turning north I walked past the large store houses and between the large fields. I walked on when I realized the troll had been right, about how hot it was. Removing my shirt I tucked it into my pants and continued along to where I had seen the unicorns. I glanced up at the sun and realized it was near noon. I had not brought anything to eat and that thought made me hungrier. Thinking that it would be a long day without food and how dumb I was, I strode off the road to the lake I was near for at least a drink. I was glad I’d brought my canteen. 
Off to the right I saw a structure in among the trees, so I headed toward it. It was a small shelter. Three walls and a roof. It must be a rest stop for anyone travelling on the road as there was little else here, other than two bench seats and a small fire pit near the open side. There was a cupboard on one side, and out of curiosity I opened it to see four cups and plates. There a loaf of bread too. Well here is lunch but I will have to get more and replace it as soon as I could. Deciding I only needed a third I put the rest back and as I ate, I walked to the lake and filled my canteen and had a good drink of water. I heard neighing in the distance and went in search of it’s source. No sooner had I returned to the road, I saw unicorns across the wide meadow. I stood watching them play, at least that is what it looked like to me. 
Jumping, rearing up and galloping around each other. I didn’t see the lovely white one, Lina had ridden, but I saw the brown one, I had seen from above and he was more copper than brown from here. His horn was two tone copper colour, with a dark brown stripe spiralling the full length. Suddenly they stopped and looked in my direction. I thought they would run away so I tried not to move. The copper one came toward me and in my mind I heard him say, “I am Arion, you want a ride from us?” I assured him I was only watching and admiring their beauty. He accepted that but as he turned to go back to the others, he noted,”Myri has explained you. I will be your companion anytime you have need, call me.” He galloped off and after a quick explanation to the others, I assumed from the huddle they had, they went back to their play.
After watching these beautiful creatures for a bit longer, I decided to head home. As I passed the town, I heard singing from one of the large buildings. I stopped and listened to the sweet sound, when from out of the building just ahead of me stepped Lina. I greeted her and asked how she was. “I am well,” was her answer, “You been with the unicorns?” I replied I had and she smiled and asked if there was anything I needed. I replied in the negative. I told her I was just out looking around and did want to see real unicorns close up. I told her I had never seen one before. She giggled and smiled at me. Guess to her, it was natural to have all these creatures around. 
We chatted and walked back to her abode, where I had knocked before. She invited me to have a bite to eat with her. I accepted, since I had not brought anything with me, and it gave me an excuse to be with her longer. I sat and watched her prepare the food, as we talked about how she raised vegetables for anyone who wanted them. Mostly the elves and centaurs but she kept the biggest carrots for the unicorns. I also learned that unicorns only allow riders of those they trusted and bonded with. Even then it is rare, but her unicorn, Celestia, was unsure of me and had appeared to make sure Lina stayed safe. 
As we ate, I mentioned that I had a feeling I knew her from somewhere, I just could not figure out where. Lina told me she had the same feeling and could only think it had to be in another lifetime. We both believed in reincarnation so it made sense to us. I agreed that it could only be that and it was too bad we couldn’t remember that life. I started to leave, thanking her for the meal. It would be dark in a short time and I wanted to be able to find the path home. She gave me a couple of buns for the walk and waved as I strolled out of town. 
I approached the bridge, watching for the troll, but I crossed it uneventfully and just as I reached the trail after crossing the orchard, the last ray of sunshine disappeared and the stars shone brightly. I followed the path as much from memory as sight. It took a while but I arrived home just as the moon rose above the mountains. I stripped down and dove in the water for a quick swim. Feeling refreshed as I emerged from the water, I laid on the grass, looking at the stars.
Just then I heard a faint giggle from behind me. Turning to see Lina standing there, I asked her what was so funny. She said, “Nothing, just thought you would be asleep by now.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, I needed to wash dust off and was just enjoy the stars. I assume that is why you are here tonight,” I said, adding, “I always meant to ask why you came here to see the stars and fairy lights, because I am sure there must be other spots just as good.” I looked her over for any sign of another reason she was here. She looked down as if embarrassed, and in a quiet voice said, “I like it here, I saw you here, in a dream.... and now you are here.” She moved toward me, sat beside me. I moved to stand but her hand on my shoulder stopped me. “Not leaving me alone, are you?” I stammered about getting pants on. She stood and slipped out of her dress and sat again. I smiled and leaned toward her and gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek. 
She turned her head and kissed me on the lips as her hand stroked my chest. Without another word, we embraced and ran our hands over each others body, kissing many times. It was not a desperate passion, but it seemed as if we had been lovers for many years. Soft kisses and gentle stroking as we clung together and probed each other’s body. We made love passionately as the world faded away, and there was nothing left but the two of us. We embraced each other till the sun was rising over the mountains and we dozed off. 
I woke from a nudge of a young wolf cub who seemed to find me in his way. I looked around but was alone, except for this cub and his siblings. Did I dream about her or did she run away? I sat up and got dressed, a bit confused. I went to the cabin to find food and there Lina stood, cooking up something at the fire. She turned and smiled at me, “Good, food is ready, sit and eat.” was all she said as I sat at the table and she placed the meal in front of me.
“You aren’t eating?” I asked, as she placed nothing for herself.
“I ate as I cooked, my dear man. You eat and then we will need to talk.” she replied a bit ominously.
I ate as I watched her watch me. She was smiling and although I tried to make small talk she said very little. Just short abrupt answers to any questions I asked. I finished my meal and sat back for our talk, but she told me to go out and sit, she would bring me a drink and then we would talk about what was on her mind. I did as instructed and could only guess at what this was about but I did hope it wasn’t bad.  I would find out soon enough. No sooner had I sat myself down and she was there with some red wine. She sat in the other chair after she turned it slightly towards me.
“Let me finish before you say anything,” she started as she lit a pipe she had with her and handed to me. “I have been alone for many seasons and I was happy. When we first met, I felt a tug at my heart and knew we would be together. I was frightened at first but after much thought I knew it was destiny that we would meet. You are not like the others. You did not take me as a possession. You are different. You treated me as an equal. I’m not used to that but like it very much.”
I sat listening as I puffed on pipe slowly, realizing I had missed smoking and wondering how she knew I smoked at all. I thought to myself about how much I did want her the first time we met but was glad I did not give into lust. She was a very special woman.
“I know now that I love you, more than I have ever loved anyone. I hope we can become a couple but it is in your hands my dear sir. I give you my heart, my soul and my body to do with as you will.” She went silent and looked down. Waiting for my reply, I gathered.
I sat there and took a couple of more puffs, then placed the pipe on the chairs arm, next to my cup. I leaned over, holding her head in my hands, I kissed her forehead. “My dear girl, nothing would make me happier than to be your man. I too love you with all my heart. I do not know why, but I know we have been together before, and must be again. I have no idea what made me come here, but am grateful, for whatever it was.” I held my hand on her knee and gently kissed her tears from her sweet face. We stood to embrace. Holding each other, time seemed to stop and the world was just the two of us.
Suddenly we were both tumbled to the ground by a white unicorn, and we started to laugh. Silly animal just stood there starting at us. Lina assured it all was well, I sat in my chair and smiled as she seemed to be explaining how we felt about each other, with little success, or so it seemed to me. After some time, Celestia left but she did keep glancing back till she was out of sight.
Lina giggled and commented that Celestia had never seen humans embrace, as we had, so she thought I was attacking her. I smiled and kissed her gently. It was getting late and asked if she didn’t have chores to do. I was told that Azag was doing them for her and would till she returned. I commented how the big guy was a very good friend and we would have to find a way to repay him. She told me that he just liked to help and enjoyed being around others who didn’t tease or were not afraid of him. On that note, we went inside and laid on the furs, making love again and talking while watching the stars till we fell asleep in each others arms. 
Next morning we got up and had breakfast then headed over to the town to relieve Azag. I would be taught how everything was done. That way I could help and make sure there were enough vegetables for the valley in the store houses. It did not take long to catch on as I had done some farming in my youth. It was hard work with hand tools, but went easily with Lina at my side. 
Days went quickly, working together and loving at nights, it was not long before a month, or full moon, had past. One day I was informed that it would be solstice soon, and a celebration would happen in the large meadow located on the north side of the lake. Everyone would be there and there would be much dancing and celebrating of the longest day. 
As we gathered many crops and loaded them on the wagons that were in one store house, Lina told me she had a surprise for me back at her house. I could only wonder what it was since we spent many nights there and I had seen nothing new.
The dwarves and elves would come and get all the wagons in a day and take them to the celebration so we need not worry about transporting anything but ourselves. I wondered how they would pull the heavy wagons. I had not seen any horses or oxen so maybe they had other beasts that I had not seen. I had come to accept that there were many things here, I did not understand yet. I was happy with my new wife, as I thought of Lina. No man could ask for a better woman.
When we finished loading the last wagon, I asked how the crops stayed fresh long enough to be edible around the valley. Lina told me that they were protected here by the elven magic and that is why this building was the only one used to store them. Although the valley was running on a different clock than rest of world, the crops were not unless they were stored here. That is why in the fall the fruit and grapes had to be picked and used right away, but vegetables were fine and the grain crops were ground into flour as they were harvested. The troll, Seshi, took care of the mill but you had to watch out as he did like his pranks, as I well knew and it was not unusual for him to fill a bag with grass and tell you it was flour. She chuckled knowingly as if she had been tricked before.
We ate quietly that evening and as I sat smoking my pipe, waiting for the surprise I was told about, Lina sat at my feet and looked up sweetly and said, “I hope you will not be mad, but I am with child.” I sat with a very stern look, puffed a couple of times before I stood and walked to the fireplace. I turned and looked at her sitting on the floor with a befuddled look at me. “I thought you would be pleased,” she added.
I could not tease her any longer. In two steps I was standing by her and pulled the sweet woman into my arms and held her tight saying,”Of course I am happy my love. I am overjoyed by this news. There are no words for how happy I am.” We spent the night chatting about the future and where we would make our home, as we had spent many nights between the cabin and her place. It was finally decided that the cabin would be best till she had the child. It was isolated and only those coming to it would be on the trails there.
We could turn over the gardening to the others till we could do it ourselves again. I’d keep working, but would travel between the fields and the cabin. The centaurs would let me know if I was needed. We slept very little and woke early, wrapped in each others embrace.
The next morning we fixed a lunch for the trip to the Gathering.  Then we started off along the road north. We walked along without saying much but we did hold hands. As we came to the unicorn pasture, her unicorn joined us and I could tell they were communicating. I assumed she was telling Celestia the good news. From the looks I was getting, I suspected Celestia was still not sure about me. She was very protective of Lina and that made me happy, knowing she had many who cared for her as much as I did. As we went on, more unicorns fell in behind us and it almost looked like we were leading a parade. 
I glanced back to see Arion walking not far behind. I smiled and nodded a hello to him. He started to say something but at that moment I fell onto the road in a cloud of dust. I had tripped in a dip in the road, to the pleasure of all who saw it. I stood up and brushed myself off as all were laughing out loud or giggling. There were several comments about watching for holes and avoiding them. Snickering, Lina asked if I was alright. I just smiled and said “Yes, just clumsy.”
We came to the fork in the road and went along the left fork, paralleling the lake. Ahead were several dwarves, heading to the same place we were I gathered. We walked on, just chatting about trivial things and how beautiful everything looked. I inquired where all would stay since this was a multi-day event and I had been informed there would be many creatures and folks there. Lina told me that most would just sleep at the edge of the Gathering area, but there were covered sleeping shelters for those who wanted them. It seemed the unicorns were most excited about seeing their fairy friends, but I knew the fairies would only show themselves to whom they wished, so I did not get hopes up of seeing them myself. 


Chapter Four

The sun was low in the sky as we entered the very large clearing full of centaurs, unicorns, pointed eared people, that I assumed were elves and dwarves. There were some furry beasts in a corralled area I did not recognize, but seemed to be beasts of burden, as they were as tall as a moose, but built like a buffalo, with long shaggy hair all over. There were deer and wolves wandering around together. It was amazing to see all of these people and creatures in one place, interacting as they were. Torches burned all around the clearing. Open sided colourful tents were full of folk eating and displaying wares. It really looked a lot like a country fair. There were no amusement rides, but everything else was here. Groups of folk chatting or discussing whatever it is they talked about. 
Lina steered me to a shelter close by and said we would spend the nights here and in the morning we would stroll around to see everything. After spreading out our furs and having a bite to eat, we laid close and talked about seeing her old friends and making new ones. Since I was new here, they will all be strangers to me. Although it had been a long day on the road, I could not sleep, so I decided to go and see the new beasts over in the coral close up. 
I approached them slowly and saw they had long hair like Scottish cattle, but no horns and their six legs had large pads and four toes, instead of hooves. They had very large, solid black eyes, half covered by hair. Very large bodies as they stood well above me. They seemed calm enough, as I leaned on the fence watching them. “They are modrow, a very old breed of cattle from the northern territories.” said a voice behind me. 
I turned to see a human form, a bit shorter than I was, clean shaven with long hair in a braided pony tail, that fell over his shoulder, to his waist and pointed ears. He wore pants of leather with frills down the seam and his shirt was very embroidered and fit him perfectly. He smiled and said, “Welcome Vold, I am Ayreid, my job is to bring produce from Lina’s farm to the elven folk. These are the beasts that pull the wagons.”
I smiled at him and asked, “Is there anyone who doesn’t know my name? It is good to meet you Ayreid.” I extended my hand and shook his. 
“Myriansinta has told all of the newcomer here. Although many who were up the night you came knew. It is rare to see the Guardian fly the valley so low, that is how we suspected that someone new had arrived,” he replied. “I should go, it is late and my woman gets anxious if I am away too late. Even if there is little to worry about here. We will meet again. Night Vold.” He strode off and I was alone with the cattle again. I went back to where Lina was still sleeping and laid next to her under the furs. She reached over and cuddled close and soon we were both asleep.
Somewhere I heard a rooster crowing and the caw of crows filled my ears. The sun was just over the mountains but I heard and saw activity everywhere my sleepy eyes looked. Lina was approaching with a small basket of food and placed it before me. “Eat” she said as she kissed me and turned to pour a drink for us. I ate a bit and drank, smiling at her. I told her of my meeting last night.
“You met my teacher last night. You like Ayreid? He is a good man and will like you a lot,” she said with a big smile. 
I replied, “He seems like a good person. I didn’t know he was your teacher. So he taught you as Myri did me?”
“No, I knew that before, when we came to the valley. He showed me how to garden and care for the crops. How to care for the animals if they get hurt too. His wife, Lusherina, is a healer here. You will meet her after we eat. I will show you everything. You still have much to learn and see my dear man.” 
Having filled my stomach, I sat back and held her in my arms and was thinking of making love, but she stood and pulled me up. Lina guided me across the field to the stands there and we strolled around, talking to many elves, dwarves and animals. I know I was told all their names, but my feeble mind didn’t remember any of them. I looked at jewellery and crafts of every imaginable kind. Thinking in my old way, I kept looking for price tags. 
At one booth a dwarf had knives displayed. One caught my eye and it must have been obvious as the dwarf handed it to me and told me it was mine. It was a very practical, short blade with a bone handle. It was very well balanced and had an extremely ornate sheath. I thanked him and slid it on my belt. At another stand Lina talked quietly to the female elf who suddenly started measuring me, as if for a suit. Although I protested, I knew it was no use with two females against me. The ladies talked more but all I heard clearly was - ‘in a week,’ or rather they said seven sun rises but that was same thing.
Although I questioned her, all Lina would say was that I would have to wait. She did have a sly smile so I suspected whatever she had planed would be fancy. Shrugging it off we found Ayreid and his woman walking around. We chatted with them for a while and had some drinks at one of the several food and beverage stands. 
I expressed my surprise that there was no form of currency used here. The explanation was that everyone did what they were good at, and shared that with everyone else, willingly, so there was no need for currency. There was no lack of food or materials for tools that were needed, so why was there a need for money? Just like the knife I wore proudly, the materials were mined by dwarves, then smelted into the blade. The handle came from deer antler which was found on the ground and carved by an elf. The leather for the sheath was from an animal that had passed away and gave his body for food. All the materials were given willingly so there was no cost, so why charge. It has been this way for many years here and everyone was fine with it. I had to admit it was a good system and as there was no greed, it was perfect. I had to question what I had to offer anyone here. 
Ayreid smiled and laughed out loud as he said, “You help with crops and make Lina happy. That is enough, but when another needs help am sure you will be there to do what you can. No one knows what they can do, till they do it.”
I drank up and admitted I surely would help. We chatted a bit longer and then parted ways, knowing we would meet again soon. Lina and I went to a couple more stands to get tools she said we needed and some freshly baked goods for our dinner. I could see she was a bit tired so I suggested we go and rest a while. I got no argument from her. I had noticed over the last few days she was not as energetic as she had been and when I asked if it was because of the baby, she said yes, but she would get better the closer her time came. 
Since I knew she had a man before I got here, I asked her if this was her first child. She informed me that it was not but she wasn’t sure how I would take that so had never mentioned her son, who had left with his father. I told her it was not a problem and would not be if the boy had been with her. She smiled and laid on our furs. It did not take long for her to sleep. I sat beside her, puffing my pipe and occasionally waving and nodding my head, at those passing by. It had been a beautiful eventful day and as the sun started to set, I saw Vinall come toward me with a plate of food. Although I had eaten a couple of buns and sweet bread the food looked very tempting. 
Vinall handed me the plate as I stood to greet her. She said,”You eat, we will take care of you for now. Lina needs rest and you must eat.” 
“Thank you, Vinall. Thank Slamora too.” said Lina from behind me before I could say a word. I thanked her too as she went on her way. I turned to Lina, saying “If I had known you were awake I would have cooked for you.” 
Lina smiled and told me to shut up and eat. She took very little but drank some wine, then laid down again and watched me eat. When I had finished we snuggled under the fur and chatted about our day. A deer came in and gently pressed its nose against me. I stroked its nose and it left. Lina told me that it was just saying hello and it was around the cabin frequently. I just lay there amazed that there was so much love and kindness here and wondered why the rest of the world was such a mess and never realized what beauty there could be without greed and all the mistrust. 
I woke before the sun was up, with furs wrapped tight around the two of us. I was tight against Lina’s back and woke very aroused but she was sleeping so just lay there with my erection between her butt cheeks. Trying not to move and wake her, I gently kissed her shoulders and neck. She moaned and told me it was a nice way to wake. We laid very still as we watched the sun light up our shelter and we heard many voices of others stirring from their sleep. We kissed gently and rose to greet the new day.
As I shook the sleep from my head, Azag came with food and the strong morning tea. I quizzed him about the girls, to which he only replied that they were Gathering wood for the celebration tonight. He was grinning and although that made him look real scary, I smiled back as he turned and left. We ate quietly. Lina got up and said she would see me later as she had things to do today so everything would be ready for the dragons. With a quick kiss she walked off. 
I sat alone finishing my bitter tea, which was quite good with a touch of honey. As I sat there an idea struck me and I went in search of someone who might know if or where I could attain my goal. It took a while but I was directed to a tent in a far corner behind other shelters. It was decorated with archaic symbols, some I recognized but many I did not. There were several females around the small fire in front of it and all stood as I approached. One opened the flap of the tent and bade me enter. 
The inside was very ornate with what looked like a small altar at the far end. There were wind chimes and dream catchers hanging everywhere. I was directed to sit on some cushions in the middle as the female sitting there pushed her hood back and looked across at me. She was an elf but didn’t look totally elfish so I assumed she was a halfling. We sat in silence for a moment and just as I was going to speak she held her hand up to stop me and said, “I am Shandra, Priestess of this coven. I know why you have come Vold. We will perform the binding on the sunrise of tomorrow, but only if Lina also wishes it. You will talk with her before then.”
I agreed and told Shandra, I wanted to find out what was involved before I did ask her. I was told that Lina would counsel me on what was required and she would be at our shelter as the sun rose to perform the ceremony. With that we stood and I thanked her and went on my way. That seemed much easier than I thought it would be but with Lina busy doing things, I wasn’t sure when we would talk. I strolled around and chatted casually with some dwarves who were discussing mining techniques, which I knew very little about, but found the conversation interesting and I was getting use to their strong beer. 
When I got back to our shelter, I found food there and sat to have a meal. Lina had not returned yet, so I ate alone and sat back against the front of the shelter to watch the pile of wood in the centre of the clearing get larger and larger. This would be the biggest bonfire I had ever seen when it was lit. The wood had to be twenty feet high and still more was coming. I could only hope there was a way to put it out if it got out of hand, but then I am sure everything had been thought of. Very little that went on here ever got out of hand. Actually for the little time I’d been here it seemed to me that everything was anticipated and allowed for. With these thoughts and other trivia going through my head I had not noticed Lina arrive and sit beside me till she kissed my neck and wrapped her arms around me. I kissed her back and looked into her eyes and asked, “My sweet Lina, will you bind with me?”
She looked at me with a broad smile, saying “Of course my dear man. If that is what you want.” 
We kissed and talked about the ceremony for a time. I found out that she was not fond of the witches but they were welcome here, kept to themselves for the most part and never bothered anyone. They did perform some important functions so she, like some others, tolerated them, but never spent much time with them. 
In the distance we heard drums and stringed instruments playing so we got up and went to see a ring of many folks swaying and slowly dancing around the huge pile of wood, which was still unlit. Lina and I swayed to the music but stood back to watch the others when a loud piercing shriek cut the air. All the dancers moved away from the wood and made an opening on one side. Another shriek pierced the air and suddenly a red dragon swooped low over the clearing, shooting a flame from it’s mouth, to light the pile of wood, and landed at the north end of the clearing where a stage of sorts had been set up.
Now the wood was aflame and the blaze lit up the clearing as if it was full daylight. I was informed that this was Thoragia, Myri’s mate. I looked to the south to see Myri fly over and circle down to land next to her mate. They just sat there as the dancers started to circle the flaming pile and start dancing again. The music played and more and more joined in swaying and gyrating around the bonfire. Lina and I moved closer and joined in too.
The music stopped suddenly as the witches appeared near the fire. They gently swayed as their priestess raised her hands and spoke, saying, “Alban Heruin is a time of re-dedication to the goddess. The goddess watches over us. She is known by many names. To us she is, Zofiya, or Mother Earth. She is the Guardian of the hearth, the one who protects and preserves our peace, the one who stirs the cauldron of inspiration. 
I give honour to You, O mighty one, by all your names, known and unknown. Bless us with your wisdom and give life and abundance to us, as the sun gives life and abundance to your Earth. We make this offering to you, to show our allegiance, to show our honour, to show our dedication to You.
She then tossed the bundle of grain she had been holding into the flames and finished by saying, “Today, at Litha, we celebrate the life, and love of you, our goddess, and of the Earth and Sun.”
Everyone stood silently swaying for a few minutes as the coven retreated to their tent. Then everyone let out a loud cheer and the music began again and we danced, drank and even sang well into the night. I vaguely recall hearing Myri and another, congratulate me and Lina, in my head, but they didn’t register at the moment, but now I realize it was for my pending union and the child inside my wife to be. I wanted to thank Myri, but she and her companion had left already. The sky was getting lighter as we finally collapsed on the furs to sleep, but we were no sooner laying down than the priestess stood there with a piece of rope asking if we were ready. We stood and faced the priestess, as many gathered around the three of us. 
She placed the cord over our joined hands and asked, “Are you both agreed?” 
We nodded and said yes as one. There was a muffled cheer from a couple of centaurs.
Shandra continued as she wrapped the rope around our forearms slowly, “As this knot is tied, so are your lives now bound. Woven into this cord, imbued into its very fibres, are all the hopes of your friends and yourselves, for your new life together. With the fashioning of this knot do I tie all the desires, dreams, love, and happiness wished here in this place to your lives for as long as love shall last. In the joining of hands and the fashion of a knot, so are your lives now bound, one to another. By this cord you are thus bound to your vow. 
May this knot remain tied for as long as love shall last. 
May this cord draw your hands together in love, never to be used in anger.
May the vows you have spoken never grow bitter in your mouths.
As any child discovers when they are learning to tie their own shoes, the first move is to cross the ends. As your hands are bound by this cord, so is your partnership held by the symbol of this knot. May it be granted that what is done before the goddess, be not undone by man.
Two entwined in love, bound by commitment and fear, sadness and joy, by hardship and victory, anger and reconciliation, all of which brings strength to this union. Hold tight to one another through both good times and bad, and watch as your strength grows.”
As she finished we were surrounded by so many, all congratulating and shaking hands and kissing cheeks. We drank some more and wished we could sleep but that would have been rude. The crowd had thinned by midday and we were ready to pack up and head home when it dawned on us that all we had was packed into a hand cart and Azag sat there grinning and waiting patiently till we were ready to leave. I thanked him and he stood asking, “Where this go?” I told him we will go to the cabin and he handed me a bag with food and water, then said, “I take. You go to slow.” With that he was off with the cart and we just stood there amazed that we had such good friends.
As we got to the main road we decided to go to the west of the lake as it was closer to the cabin. We walked at a normal pace and were greeted and passed by many elves and centaurs, who travelled faster. We knew we would spend another night on the road so we were in no hurry. Talking about how happy we were and all that we had seen at the Gathering. By the time we reached the second road branching off to the eleven homes, we were alone on the road and it was getting dark. We went through some trees to find a place to bed down for the night. We found a lovely place with a view of the island in the lake. 
Lina and I settled down after I found soft branches and grass for our bed. As we lay together to stay warm and cuddle, a fur fell over us from the sky, it seemed. Although we looked around we never saw who had dropped or had thrown it. We settled down again and wrapped in the fur we made love and laid in each others arms to sleep. Lina slept but I couldn’t sleep yet, so I watched the stars and saw one moving around in an erratic pattern. It mesmerized me when I realized it was no star. It looked like a firefly but somehow, I knew it wasn’t. 
I watched as it got closer and closer, moving one way then the other and finally it was close enough to see clearly that the strange being was of human form with glowing butterfly like wings. This must be a fairy. Her wings were a lovely blue and the form was that of a female but so small and delicate. I am sure I could hold six in the palm of my hand. She wore a light blue silky dress. Landing on Lina’s stomach and in a tiny, almost squeaky voice, she declared, “It will be a girl. She will be healthy and curious. She will have a good life, with you. She will grow fast, so I will send wolves to teach her in her first year, then you two will teach her.” The little creature fluttered up and off the way she had come. I just lay there totally amazed and in shock. 
I do not know when I feel asleep, but I woke to lips pressed on mine. I told Lina of what happened and was chastised for not waking her so she too could see the fairy. After some banter about my shock and lack of time, and a quick meal, we rolled up the fur and started heading to our destination. It was late afternoon when we finally reached the cabin. Thankful to be home we put everything from the cart, that was waiting beside the cabin, away and settled down to spend the rest of the day and night holding and kissing each other. We made love and watched the sun go down and stars come out, as we stretched out on the furs in our home. 


Chapter Five

The next few months went by quickly, it seemed. I tended the fields and Azag helped daily, with the occasional elf stopping by to help when it was needed. During the fall harvest, I made many friends as they came to help and get for their share, to stock up for the coming winter. The days passed quickly. Working everyday and seldom stopping for anything, other than an occasional birthday when we took time to celebrate. 
As the snow from winter melted, Lina's time was getting closer. I spoke to Sharazat and made sure it was alright to call on him, if I needed to get home in a hurry. He was more than happy to help, and made a temporary nest near to the cabin, so he was close when he was called on, even though I had told him it would be a few moon rises away yet. Most days he walked with Azag and myself as we went home to the cabin. On the days he didn’t I knew he was hunting. He didn’t eat often but when he did it was best to let him be. 
After Azag escorted me home, he headed to his, while Lina and I sat outside, ate dinner and chatted about our day and names for our girl, or we sat quietly watching the beautiful fairy lights across the lake. They seemed brighter everyday that spring. I am also very sure some of them were very close, we could feel a presence, although we never saw them. 
Lina had planted many flowers around the cabin, with herbs in a small garden near the lake. She had many visitors, dropping gifts off or just coming to see how she was doing. I was glad she was seldom alone during the day even though she continued to argue that she should be tending her fields. She knew, after several heavy discussions, I would not have her working hard as she carried our child. She could go back to work after the baby was born. 
Days and nights came and went peacefully as Lina’s belly grew bigger, till one day, just into her ninth month, as best as we could figure, while we sat outside, we were surrounded by what seemed to be thousands of fairies. All glowing so brightly, it was impossible to make out shapes. The light was almost blinding. From one blue light I heard the words, “Her time is near, bring her inside so she can rest.”
Lina had no labour pain, the baby did kick a bit, but nothing out of the ordinary, and other than a bit of trouble standing, she had no hint that time was near. I was no expert, so I helped her up and into the cabin, with no argument from her, just a look of wonder on her face. Inside were many more of the fairies, perched everywhere around the cabin. I laid Lina down gently on the furs and piled one so she could see out as she rested. Holding her hand we looked at each other in amazement that so many of these small beautiful creatures were here with us at this time. The place was lit up with what resembled Christmas lights, inside and out. 
I watched as the blue one landed on Lina’s tummy and spoke again. “The girl will come tomorrow. She is almost ready. We will stay here to help.” With that they all fluttered out and settled on the roof, I assumed as the outside glowed in a beautiful rainbow of colours. 
Lina and I settled down and after talking about these amazing little creatures for a while, we fell asleep. I woke early to a pot clattering on the floor. Looking over I saw the small form of an elf preparing food. She smiled at me and apologized for waking me. I brushed it off and asked Lusherina how long she had been here and why. 
“So you remembered me.” she said with a smile. “I am preparing a tea that will help Lina when the time comes. I am a midwife for all in the valley. I travelled as soon as the fairies told me it was near time.” All the time she spoke she was putting herbs into a pot and boiling them. “You eat and go to fields. My husband, Ayreid is waiting for you. You will be sent for when time comes, there is nothing you can do here now.” she added.
I ate then kissed Lina and headed for the fields. My usual companions were nowhere in sight but I guessed they may have gone early or were running late. Either way I went to the fields. When I got there, I stood looking around, but I was alone, wondering where Ayreid and the others were. There was a grunting behind me and I saw Seshi at the warehouse door, waving for me to come. Wondering what he was up to, I walked over and as I stepped inside to follow him, a loud cheer went up from all the folk inside. Ayreid thrust a glass in my hand. I was patted on my back and congratulated by all my friends and the workers from all over the valley. Even Sharazat brushed his nose against me. We drank, joked and told many stories. No work today it seemed. 
One elf, I’d seen before, but could not place, came over to me and gave me a package, wrapped in green cloth. He looked up at me and said, "Mother said this was for you and she is sorry it is late but she hopes you like it."  I looked puzzled till Ayreid mentioned the seamstress at the Gathering. Then I remember the measuring, so this must be what was discussed. I opened the package and took out a beautiful padded jacket. I put it on and it fit perfectly. It was a dark tanned leather, lined with fur inside and a white fur trim on the sleeves and collar. I told him to thank his mother as I handed him the cloth wrapping. 
Suddenly a loud shriek was heard over all the noise we were making. Sharazat pushed me outside, telling me to get on. I climbed up and was carried to the cabin at a speed I had never thought possible. We covered the distance in less time than it takes me to dress in the mornings. During the trip I heard Myri’s voice telling me my child was coming soon. We arrived at the cabin and I rushed inside, barely noticing the crowd of females outside.
I was handed a large soft towel and told to catch my child as she came out. The fairies were inside lighting the place brightly. I knelt between Lina’s legs and saw the baby’s head emerging. I held the head as it came out and Lina pushed the rest of our child out. Cutting the cord with my knife and then tying it, I dried the tiny being off and wrapped her in a smaller fur, placing her on Lina’s chest. We both smiled and kissed as we listened to all the gathered crowd murmuring oohs and aahs. All our friends had moved to the window and were looking through it at the baby and us. I was a bit nervous about sharing such a special moment so publicly, but was glad we had so many friends that cared as much as they did. I even saw the female centaurs there with a number of deer and a she wolf. 
“Take her and introduce our love child to everyone, sweetheart,” said Lina. “Tell them her name and raise her up so the Guardian can see.” She told me it was custom to hold a newborn high so that all can see. I was never one to go against tradition so I kissed Lina gently and took my baby girl.
As I lifted the child gently, the fairies, fluttered around her and sprinkling their dust over our beautiful girl. I opened the door and they flew out across the lake and home. I silently thought ‘Thank you sweet friends’. Suddenly I was surrounded by all those gathered, but kept my child close to my chest. Many asked for a name and as Myri glided over and asked the same, I lifted the little one and said loudly so that everyone could hear. “She is to called Mina, it means, love.” There was a murmurer of approval and as Myri sailed out of sight she told me it was a good choice. I stayed out a bit longer, giving all a chance to see our child, but soon excused myself so Mina wouldn’t get a chill from the cool air. I bid them all a goodnight, and thanked them for coming. 
Lusherina came out as I opened the door and she smiled and kissed Mina and bid us goodnight. I placed Mina on her mother again, and asked if she needed anything. “Not anymore,” was her reply. I laid beside her and we kissed gently admiring the life we had formed out of our love. Lina fell asleep after a short time, but I stayed awake watching our precious bundle laying on Lina’s chest sleeping so quietly. 
I had surprised myself by delivering her and the lack of pain was also a bit of a shock. I had expected that there would be a lot, but there wasn’t any, that I noticed. I had to believe the herbs Lusherina had put in the tea were responsible for that, when I heard a sweet squeaky voice say, “Yes the tea and our strength took her pain away.” I glanced up to see my blue fairy friend float down to rest on Mina. “I am her Guardian now. She will learn quickly and be a wonderful addition to our valley. I bid farewell kind Vold, you will not see me again, but Mina will.” With that, she flew through the window, to my amazement, then out over the lake and was gone. I looked at my beautiful family and laid down as close as I could and was ready to sleep when Mina’s little hand reached out and touched my face. I smiled at her, kissed her gently and was watching her smile at me as I dozed off into a very sound sleep.
For the next week I stayed home to care for Lina and our daughter. I prepared the meals as Lina fed our daughter. We would sit outside, take turns holding Mina, telling her about how loved she was. She would smile and giggle as we talked to her. When visitors dropped by she would be passed around, which she seemed to enjoy. In the evening we lay together in front of the large window and made love with Mina next to us. Our girl slept through the night from the start and at times she would talk to her invisible friend. Lina and I knew it was a blue fairy, as I had conveyed to Lina what the fairy told me on the last night I had seen her.
The she wolf came by often to see if Mina was ready for training and told us that she would teach our girl with her cubs, but she would not teach her hunting. To my surprise, it was not long before Mina was crawling. She spent a couple of hours a day with the wolves and was moving around faster on her hands and feet, than I could walk, in very little time. We would take her to the hot spring with us and there she learned how to swim. Mina loved the water. I would come home after a day in the fields, and always take a swim in the lake before the evening meal and many times, when she saw me, Mina would swim out to me. We would play a bit, splashing with our feet and hands. She really liked when I dove deep with her on my back and then giggled wildly as we surfaced again. Mina always rode my back to shore as we went in to eat. 
Over the first year Mina grew strong and smart, but then I may be a bit prejudice towards her. I was amazed at how fast she picked things up. She watched everyone intently, picking up how and what was happening. I doubt there was any animal she didn’t talk to, or want to play with, even if we never understood a word she said, she was always talking about something. Over the summer she had many animal playmates around. Fawns and wolf cubs, even a bear cub came by occasionally. The mothers always stayed back, but kept a watchful eye on their young ones. When it came to her first Gathering, we had a great time. Mina was the centre of attention. Most of the time she walked between us as we held her hands but the times we let go, we had trouble keeping up with her. She was everywhere, talking to and looking at everything.
In the fall she was shown the plants of the forest. Lusherina and Lina spent days teaching her what plants healed and what others did. Even the witch priestess came to show her all that the forest provided us. It was not long before she knew what she could or couldn’t eat and always handled them carefully. Even though her speech was not great, she did know all the names of the plants. 
The blue fairy was right about Mina growing and learning quickly. She was walking and talking by the time we celebrated her first birthday. She was running to meet me as I came home and I carried her back to the cabin. Her mother met me at the door with my pipe and a drink. After our swim we sat and talked, or rather Mina talked and Lina and I listened to her tell us about her day. Life was just one magnificently happy day after another. 


Chapter Six

With the harvest in early this year I had more time to spend with my beautiful family, so we talked about going on a trip to see our elven friends. The cold snow was still at least a month away so we would take a few of days and have a holiday of sorts. I had never seen the elf village and was almost as excited as my daughter was, about going there. I had spoken with Ayreid about it so it would not be a surprise to him when we showed up. He told me that we were always welcome to visit. 
After packing enough supplies and a few other things we would need to camp out, we set off, heading south so we could show our daughter Azag's home and the tower, before we headed north to our destination. With Sharazat following at our slow pace, I decided to give Mina a bit of a thrill. After a little mental conversation with my griffon friend, I swung Mina on his back and told her to hang on tight. To her mother’s chagrin, Sharazat streaked away at high speed and was gone with our girl. Since we both knew Mina would be safe with him, it did not take more than a hug and few kisses to calm Lina. 
We walked on with my arm around her shoulder and hers around my waist. We talked about all the beauty around us. Lina was always mentioning bird names and the trees, in an effort to educate me, but my mind just would not hold all the names she tossed at me, but I did enjoy listening her talk about what she loved so much. It seemed like very little time and we were at the tower. There was Sharazat, Mina, and Azag waiting for us, several dragons sat on either side of the road and I wondered why they were here. Till now had only seen them fly over occasionally and never this many in one place, outside the Gathering, of course.
We all went in and were met by Slamora who informed us that a meal was waiting in the dining hall. As we walked in, we saw many of our friends waiting. The hall was decorated with many flowery swags and banners of all colours. On the long table was a large cake. I stood there wondering what was going on, till I heard Myri ask me to bring Mina up to her. I excused myself, picked my daughter up, then went upstairs, leaving Lina with the others. 
Myri seemed to shine as we stepped up to her and she was smiling. After a short conversation with Mina who hugged Myri’s foreleg, she said, “A wonderful child who understands so much already. She is very special Vold. You and Lina have done well. I see you have not told her about your past. Will you tell her?” 
I admitted that over time she will learn how I came to be here, but as she grows and in my own time. For now she will learn about her home and not my former dark thoughts. 
“That is as it should be. When we first met I told you we would watch you. The watching is done and you have more than proved you belong here. No one doubts or worries about your intentions. Now go take your daughter and celebrate your birthday,” she said as she spread her wings and rose into the sky. “The harvest moon will shine brightly on you tonight my friend,” she added. “I read your thoughts when you arrived Vold, that is how we know.” she said in answer to my unspoken question.
Mina and I waved as she flew out of sight. I carried Mina back to the dining room. I was not pleased that someone had remembered my birthday, I had totally forgotten, as we did not have calendars here. We just counted days by sunrises, months by the moon and years by snowfalls. It was a surprise that anyone bothered with exact days. I had never bothered with my birthday, even before I arrived here. This place was full of surprises. I stopped questioning many things, especially since I met Lina. 
As we entered the hall again, everyone cheered and congratulated me. I took a large knife that seemed more like a sword and cut the cake. We ate, drank and talked well into the night. I enjoyed the party, especially watching two female centaurs dancing or rather, prancing around, barely able to stand, let alone dance. We had many good laughs at and with each other but I excused myself when I noticed my daughter’s eyes fighting to stay open. I took Mina upstairs to sleep and I myself was getting a bit tired and lay beside her as Lina came in and snuggled into my arms. We fell asleep with Mina between us.
It was still dark as I woke. Mina was still sleeping, but Lina was not to be seen. I had a hunch so I went upstairs and sure enough there she was looking out over the valley. The moonlight brightened our world and Lina seemed to glow in it. I stepped over to her and held her from behind, gently kissing her neck. We made small talk about how beautiful the valley was as I kissed and ran my hands over her body. Pressing against her back, I felt myself getting aroused. She felt it too as she pressed back against me. She leaned forward slightly and we made love standing there. When we finished and had collapsed in each others arms, I picked her up and carried her back to the bed and we lay, kissing and holding each other, till the sun rose and streamed its light through the window.
Once our child woke we went downstairs and had our morning meal. The friends who had spent the night were either still sleeping or holding their heads moaning about too much drink. We gathered our things and started our northerly trip. Two centaurs, who were more sure of their steps this morning, accompanied us as far as their home, giving Mina a ride on their backs. 
Once they had parted we were alone again. Deer and other animals greeted us as they crossed the road, it was a pleasant walk. Mina pointing out trees and plants. Always running ahead and waiting for Lina and I to catch up. She was having a wonderful time. Lina and I got into it and pretended to try and grab her but always let her slip away. The walk and time went quickly and soon we were at the road to the elf village. I could see that we would have to make camp before we got to our destination. There was a shelter ahead where we would be warm from the chill of the night. It was past this road, but it could not be helped. Our daughter was tired and we could not make the village before morning. I carried Mina to the shelter on my shoulder and was a bit surprised to see the fire already burning when we arrived. I was no longer shocked, as this place seemed to know what we needed and provide it. As if magic, but somehow I knew it was someone, probably Azag, watching over us, although we never saw anyone. There was food on the table and furs laid out so we had our meal and went to sleep with Mina between us, as always.
The sunrise over the mountains saw us starting along the road we had passed the evening before. On either side of the road, which was just wide enough for the grain wagons, were dense bushes and very tall trees. The road twisted and turned in long bends through ever taller trees. We heard many birds but never saw one. Occasionally there was the sound of an animal or something moving through the brush, but again, we never saw a thing. We talked of the strange land we were in, but always knew we were in no danger. At midday we walked into a wide clearing with fields of flowers and herbs on either side of the road. There was one female elf standing on the other side, at a tree arched path. As we came close to her, she raised the horn of a mountain sheep, and blew into it. The loud deep note resounded over the entire area and soon we heard other horns sounding beyond our sight. The young elf in front of us, whom I recognized from the Gathering, said, “You are most welcome, Vold. As are Lina and Mina.”
“Thank you, Aylavis. How is your father, Ayreid?” I asked her.
“He is well and waits for you ahead. We heard you were coming two moons past. Please come with me,” she said as she picked up Mina and without waiting, walked on. Lina and I followed as two younger elves came and took our packs, saying they would place them in the quarters that would be ours as long as we stayed. We walked on a short way till the path opened to a large area surrounded by trees with many dwellings perched in the branches. All connected by wooden walkways where, if not all, then darn near all, the elves stood watching us, as we walked up to our friend and embraced him.
Ayreid guided us into a large, branch covered area, for a meal and drink. There were several rows of long tables and three large fireplaces at the far end. We sat talking about crops and the weather as we ate. Our daughter played with her many new friends. The children kept running in and out chasing each other. It was during one of their entrances that I noticed a large brown catlike animal running with them. I inquired if it was really a bobcat, as it looked to me. Ayreid told me it was called a wild cat here and there were many in the woods around here. One elf asked who Bob was and why cats were named for him. I could only snicker at the innocence of the question and told him that it was because of their short or ‘bobbed’ tails, that they were called that, where I had come from.
After talking a bit more we were given a guided tour of the village which required a lot of climbing of stairs and ladders. Most of the dwellings were well built, wooden, ornately decorated with carvings of the forest and it’s creatures. They seemed little more than sleeping rooms. I was told all ate together, in the area we had. After seeing several levels of dwellings we were taken up to one dwelling, which stood high above the rest in the canopy of the trees. This one had more ornate decorations around it’s door. It had flora and fauna on it, as the others but all were not only carved but painted and embossed it seemed, with gold. Before it, stood a most attractive woman, in a long flowing dress, decorated with highly ornate and detailed, gold and silver flowers. Her long blonde hair fell down her back to at least her knees. Beside her sat a very large wild cat, that was dark gold with many small black spots on its white belly. 
I was told she was Alfwerdia, their spiritual leader. One of the very few in the valley that regularly spoke to the Guardian. She greeted us with a soft voice and many kind words. She took Lina inside and told Ayreid to take me around and show me more of the village. We both agreed that it would better than waiting for women to finish their talking. After climbing back down to the highest level of houses, I was handed a leather strap, that was looped at both ends. Ayreid told me to follow him, as he tossed his strap over a rope, I had assumed was a guide wire. He grabbed both loops and jumped off the platform and slide down the rope. I just watched and smiled as I remembered seeing zip lines years ago in another world. This would be my first time on one and I followed his lead and zipped after him. In moments I was back on the ground after passing through trees at breakneck speed. We were in a small clearing where the draft animals were kept and cared for. Hay was stacked loosely in a corner of it, under a wooden roof to keep it dry. 
As we walked back to the village, I was told about how there will be a celebration tomorrow to entertain us and till then we were free to go where we wished but unless invited, we should not visit Alfwerdia. She usually keeps to herself and may be in meditation. Ayreid did express his surprise that she asked to see Lina alone. That he said was unusual. I changed the subject as I was curious about it too but would ask my wife later. We had a good laugh when I told him about the party at the tower and how two centaurs tried to dance while they were so drunk. He showed me the workshops, forges and buildings where they made their tools, instead of the swords and armour I knew they were so famous for in the world I came from. When I mentioned that he took me aside to a small building tucked well into the trees.
He opened the door and I saw beautiful swords and armour that sparkled as if it had just been polished. “We put these away many seasons back, when our kind arrived here. They are not needed so we melt them down for our tools and any other metal we need. I know that the dwarves do the same, but theirs is not of the quality as ours.” he said, adding, “The Guardian knows they are here, but allows us to use them as the metal is of the best quality, it will last many seasons without showing any wear. Please mention this to no one.” He closed the door and I agreed to keep what I had seen quiet, but asked him why. 
“Many of the old ones still have the fire of war in their hearts and till they quench it they do not always think straight. All men have this fire in them, but those who have seen and understood the greed and hate it brings, control it as you do Vold. We need to teach them with our actions that peace is much better than war.” I couldn’t argue with his logic, so we went to eat the evening meal. Mina had a day full of adventure to talk about. I smiled as she talked and talked and talked. It did surprise me that she had time to eat as she chattered away. 
After the meal we were shown to our resting place, where we lay and let the meal settle for a while, before we went and stood out on the walkway, and chatted with our nearby neighbours, till it was time to sleep. It was when Mina was asleep and I had Lina in my arms that I asked her what she had talked about with, Alfwerdia. She winked at me and with a sly smile, said they only spoke about clothes and how we were doing. They had talked of our daughter too. She would say no more so I snuggled tight to her and went to sleep. I knew better than to push her for answers that she was not ready to give. When she was ready, I would hear what she had to say. Till then, it did not matter. 
We woke just as the sun peered over the mountains. We dressed and went to find some coffee if there was any here. In the common area, we saw Ayreid already having his meal. We sat down by him and were brought a hot, dark brown liquid and food. I sipped the liquid and although a bit bitter, it tasted good and was a very passable coffee. I ate my fill and was just finishing, as many more elves came in too eat. We got up and went out to make room and have my morning smoke, with the tobacco I was given last night, as we chatted with our neighbours. It was a good mild leaf and as I smoked, I watched with amazement, as my daughter rode one of the wild cats around the open area. She held on as if she had ridden for many years. Legs tight on the cat’s sides and holding with her hands on its neck hair, she sat erect and seemed so sure of herself. 
Out loud I expressed my amazement and wonder how she had learned that at such a young age. Behind me, the soft voice of Alfwerdia said, “She is clever, and watches to learn everything. She may be young in years, but she will grow and move far beyond us in mind. I thank you for allowing me to see this wonderful child.” When I stood and turned to talk, she was already walking away, so I sat again and hoped that my child would not mature too fast. I did not want her to miss all the wonder, beauty and magic that childhood had for her. 
We spent the day walking around and chatting with folks, while Mina played with her friends. In the evening we all enjoyed stories around a large fire. Stories of the elves’ past were very interesting, especially the one about the journey to the valley. How they had to escape human persecution and warring. They went into the mountains and found their way here. The dwarves arrived soon after from another country in the other world. Knowing that elves were long lived normally, I asked my friend Ayreid if he was among the first arrivals. He said he was and we talked about the others here. 
The unicorns and dragons had always been here as far as he knew but the centaurs arrived a few snowfalls after he had. They never talked about where they came from or why they came here. They moved into their area and kept to themselves, for the most part only dealing with others when they had too. Others had come but some left and very few came after the humans had been made to leave.
Suddenly there were several loud bangs above our heads and many oohs and aahs. Looking up we saw fireworks going off. “A special treat for you my friends,” Ayreid said as he looked at Lina and myself. Lina was holding my arm as Mina ran up excitedly and sat on my lap. We watched the display, that went on for many minutes and then, when it was over I informed Ayreid that we would be leaving in the morning. We had decided to see more of the valley before we went home. I thanked him for his hospitality and took my tired child upstairs to bed. Laying there, I asked Lina if she would like to see the dwarven village and she said she was very anxious to see it.  It seemed in all her time here she had not gone further then the cabin and unicorn meadow, so this was as much an adventure for her as it was for our daughter and me. We slept holding each other tight after our love making. 


Chapter Seven

Next morning after we ate, we said our goodbyes and headed off with a few children trailing along for a short way and then a lot of waving till we turned a corner and they were out of sight. Since there were two roads in, we took the east road which went to the river and would save us a few hours of travel. 
We walked along, swinging arms and sang that old wandering song. Soon we were beside the river and saw the occasional fish jumping along. We saw eagles and many song birds who seemed to be keeping tune with us. There was a bridge across the river as we reached the main road that circled the valley and we headed east toward the clearing used for the Gathering each year. I thought we could rest there for the night and Lina agreed so about mid afternoon found us setting up in a shelter near the entrance as Mina chased butterflies happily. 
We ate our evening meal and were just relaxing before bedding down when we were greeted by the coven of witches, who lived in the woods near here. We greeted them and asked them to stay and talk a while. The women, who all had average, yet attractive looks, agreed and sat semi circled around our small fire. Although they refused any drink or sweet buns, they sat quietly playing with Mina, while their high priestess did all the talking. She said they had come from performing cleansing ritual for the centaurs, who thought one of the younger ones was being possessed, although he wasn’t. They were very superstitious creatures and she only did those ceremonies to keep them happy. It was no problem for them and since they were treated well by all they were happy to be of service. 
We were asked how we came to be here. I explained that I was showing my family the valley and told her what we had done and seen so far. She listened intently and as it was getting late she excused herself, but before she left, told me to be cautious. There were dark omens Gathering over the valley. With that warning, the dark cloaked figures walked away into the darkness. If she had not walked away, I would have pursued that further. I do hate people saying things like that and not explaining themselves.
Lina and I settled down beside our girl and watched the fire get lower and lower, while we wondered about the ominous statement Shandra had made to us. Lina fell asleep in my arms but I could not so I slid out and sat by the embers of the dying fire when a rush of air swept over me and in my mind I heard a voice say, “Come to me, my child.” I knew that voice, but had not heard it since I had arrived here, that first night. I walked to the centre of the clearing, where I could already see the large bird shape, blocking out the stars behind her. 
It was the first time I had seen Zofiya up close. Her feathers seemed to shine and those large black eyes seemed to look through me. She lowered herself, as if she were laying on a nest, to get closer to me I assumed, and spoke softly, “My time as Guardian has spanned a very long time, I have guarded this valley for more than two millennia, as you see time. As it is with all things, my life here will be at an end. I knew you would come, from a time before you were born child. That is why, when I drove Lina’s violent tribe from the valley, I allowed her to stay. You needed a mate, as she needed you. She is a halfling with a large capacity for love of nature and life, as you now well know. You two have a great love and I knew you would pass it on to a very sweet child. You need to know that the three of you, are a very important part of our valley’s future. Without you this valley will wither and die. For now, enjoy the time you have together. We will talk again and I will explain more.” She stretched her wings to their full length and sprang into the air and in a moment she was gone, leaving me standing alone looking up at the stars that twinkled in a glorious blanket above me. 
I slowly strolled back to the shelter when Lina came out to me. “I missed you dear. You couldn’t sleep?” she asked. 
“No I couldn’t so I came out and watched the stars.” I told her about the talk I just had. We went back and laid together beside our daughter. We discussed the strange talk with Zofiya and how sweet it was being together, no matter what brought us together. We were happy and that is all that mattered to us. We shared more small talk as two people deeply in love talk about while fondling each other. 
I woke to the smell of coffee and saw my wife cooking food over the fire, Mina was running and playing with Azag, who seemed to be very attached to her. He did love to play with her. I think all the time he spent with Seshi was rubbing off, as Azag even laughed occasionally now and then. A strange deep laugh, but he definitely was enjoying himself. I got up and took the cup from Lina’s hand as I kissed her gently, I sat on a log that had been placed near the fire. Lina called the two playmates over for food and we all ate and talked about this day’s travel.
“I go with you,” spoke Azag, “Need tool. Dwarves good makers.” 
After eating we packed up and with Mina on Azag’s shoulder we headed east to see our dwarven friends. It was not long till we came to a rest shelter and Lina announced she wanted to take a swim to clean up. While Azag and Mina played hide and seek in the trees, Lina and I stripped down and had a bit of fun in the water. Splashing and horsing around, till I dove down and lifted her from the water by coming up between her legs and lifting her on my shoulders. She yelped in surprise but we were soon embraced and kissing, which lead to making love passionately. We had lain on the shore for a couple of minutes when Azag appeared and told us he was going, so we dressed quickly and hurriedly followed him down the road, as he had taken Mina with him.
We followed but kept the giant in sight and always saw our girl riding on his shoulder, but knew she was safe with our large friend. The closer we got to the mountains the more the trees became pines and birch, that grew close together. We went through one area where there were many blackened tree trunks and it was obvious there had been a fire here many years back. Trees around the burnt ones had grown well above them. Nowhere else had I seen signs of a fire but I knew it was nature’s way so had to assume it started from lightening. I had never seen anyone discard smoking material carelessly. The few that enjoyed tobacco always took care to be sure it was out and all fires were watched till the embers were out. Even Lina could not recall hearing or seeing a forest fire, which would have been visible from almost all the places in the valley. 
It was late afternoon when we reached the base of the mountains and were greeted by Hathas, son of my friend, Bear. He escorted us between two large monolithic stones to where we saw a pile of wood ready to be lit and many heavy wood tables around the outer edge of the clearing. Beyond them were stone houses built and carved from the cliff face.
The homes were on two levels. The upper level was set further back from the lower one, so there was a walkway. Above the two levels of homes was a carving of a dwarf face, that I assumed was the founder or hero of these people. We were led to a dwelling at the base of all the others and were told this was ours while we were here. We were told all the others were getting ready to celebrate our visit and we should rest till all was ready. There was food and drink so we ate and settled down to wait. Azag brought Mina in shortly after we arrived and informed us he would go now that he had what he came for.
Lina and I chatted about how different our arrival here was from the one we received from the elves and agreed that dwarves were a tad different. Mina cuddled her mother and dozed off quickly. It had been another long day for the sweet child and I could only hope tonight would not be too hard on her. We talked a bit about where we would go after this when Bharfaec, or Bear, as I called him, knocked on the door and came in, apologizing for not being here when we arrived. He carried a jug, poured us drinks and we sat around as we heard a lot of people outside moving around, talking loudly as dwarves normally do. Bear had noticed we were curious as to what was going on and said, “You will see, my friends. Big party for you with a special time for the sweet child. Drink, soon you will see.” 
We drank, and I just had to ask about the face carved into the mountain. He told me that it was the face of, Razafaec, their leader when they first arrived here. He had founded the colony and mines, but was killed by the ones who built the town and castle. It happened after they stopped helping them build walls and fortifications one night, just before they were driven from the valley. Since he was the only dwarf who had ever died here, they immortalized him in stone.
I expressed my sorrow and shock, as I had been under the impression that, people lived life and died eventually, although I knew lifespans were longer here. Bear laughed heartily, rocking on his haunches, then told me he had seen more snowfalls than he would have in the other world and he knew of no one who died a natural death here. “I have not felt a day older than when I arrived. Children are born and grow to maturity but then all growth seems to stop. A very good life this. Maybe we live forever. I will let you know when my time comes.” he laughed so loud, Mina woke, she looked around, then laughed with him, as we all did.
From outside we heard a horn blowing loudly. Bear rose and said, “It is time, my friends.” He opened the door and ushered us out to two rows of dwarves. I carried Mina as we walked between the fur clad rows. They wore a skin that draped over one shoulder and covered half their upper torso and around the lower part of the body but stopped between hips and the knee. It seemed that they alternated between male and female, which I could only tell because of the one breast of the females being very obvious. Some of the ladies had well trimmed full beards. When we reach the other side of the central area and the end of the line a loud cheer of ‘Welcome!’ came from all there. A drummer started beating out a very steady rhythm, as everyone started to dance around the pile of wood in the middle. It reminded me a lot of native Indians, I had seen at pow wows in North America.
As they stomp danced, they seemed to be in a trance and I was handed a torch and told to light the pile of wood. I stuck the torch into a gap in the wood and jumped back as the pile lit in swoosh of flame. The dancers continued and we were shown to seats at one side where we were fed, again. They gave us their special beer in amounts that would drown a camel. I was shocked when I realized that I had no more of Lina’s special mix to counter the drink. She just smiled and whispered she would make some in the morning. I got the impression she was going to enjoy the hangover I knew I would have. I decided that I would drink as little as possible in hope of suffering as little as possible. 
I ate and drank and soon found myself asking for more as we continued watching the dancing, which seemed to be getting more erotic and sensual. Maybe it was just the drink affecting me. I remember seeing Lina swaying with the dancers and Bear had joined them too. Many had talked to me, but other than some words of how nice it was to have us here, and how sweet our daughter was, I remember very little of what happened. The sound of drums and chanting filled my ears as I watched Lina dance before me, swaying and moving to her own music. I noticed Mina imitating her mother, in her cute way. I was oblivious to everything else as I watched Lina and although I wanted to join her my legs felt like concrete, so I just swayed and smiled in my seat. 
Next thing I remember is holding hands with Lina and Mina and I was dancing with them. At least I thought I was dancing, but in my condition I have to assume it was more stagger than swagger. Bear was near and moving with two well bearded ladies or at least I assume they were female. Everything seemed a blur. Later I remember entering a room and falling on some furs. There was hysterical laughter from somewhere and then I must have passed out as next thing I remember is Lina poring that stinky mix down my throat, saying something about serving me right, and it was very quiet outside. Not much light coming in the window but it must be daytime. I thought that was strange. As I started to clear the cobwebs from my head, I realized there was light but it seemed it was very cloudy outside so the sun could not shine through. I had seen rainy days but they had never been this dark, must be a heck of a storm coming. 
I swallowed some food with my family, as I let my head clear more. We didn’t talk and I saw the worried look on Lina’s face and was about to ask her what was wrong, when she said, “We must leave today and go to my old house. Do not ask why. We must go.” Hearing the desperate tone in her voice I just agreed and started to pack up. I would try and find out why she needed to get out so fast when we were on the road. 
We put our packs on and stepped outside. Bear was waiting at the entrance to his village. He shook my hand and thanked us for coming and wished us a safe journey. Although he never said, I got the impression he knew something was up. We waved goodbye, as we walked very quietly out along the road. Even Mina who held my hand tightly was very quiet and not her usual chatty self. A loud clap of thunder echoed off the mountains so I picked Mina up. She wrapped her arms around my neck and placed her head on my shoulder as we walked along. Even the birds were quiet under the dark cloudy sky, except for a crow somewhere in the distance, with his occasional caw, floating on the wind. Lina stayed very close to me and no matter how much I reassured her, she kept looking very nervous at the clouds and jumped when there was a thunder clap.
It was afternoon, when we stopped at the rest area, by the empty unicorn meadow, to get out of the light rain for a while. I’d never seen this place so quiet and empty. Seemed everyone was hiding from the weather. I knew we would be in the old town by nightfall and although I asked Lina what was wrong several times, and I suggested it was the weather, she avoided the question by saying, she would tell me later. I never realized how much I hated that word, later, till now. Because I loved her and we never kept secrets from each other, I accepted that and now as we sat eating, we heard and saw the rain falling harder. Large heavy drops as the wind blew hard bending trees over with it’s ferocity. I announced that unless this stopped we would remain here till it did. I was not going to send my daughter and wife, out in this weather. They both looked as if they wanted to argue but held their tongues and accepted the fact, we would not make town tonight. 
We spread out the furs and settled in for a long wait. With a wife under one arm and child under the other we sat, talked about the weather, why it was so bad and cool, and waited for it to stop. After a few hours, or at least I assumed it was hours. The girls were sleeping, so I got up and it seemed to me that the storm was starting to pass and I knew that when they woke we would go on, whether it was light or not. I felt a brush of air from opposite of the wind and barely made out the dark shadow of Zofiya landing across the road. I remember she said we would meet again, but never thought it would be so soon.
Zofiya settled down after shaking the water from her wings. She looked at me and in my head she said, “Do not worry child, it is just a storm, not an omen of things to come. I allow a few here so all my children do not get too comfortable with an easy life. That is why they are so nervous and quiet. Your woman also worries about what you will say about another child, but she is not carrying it yet. She does not know you as I do. I know you will be a very good father to all the children you will have. She will learn, stay patient with her. Take good care of the little one. She has a great destiny ahead of her. Mina will become the next Guardian, when she is ready.” 
I was taken aback by that statement. I sat on the wet grass as I tried to analyze it. Over the two seasons I had been here I was happy and very content that any dark thoughts I had before were totally gone and I just wanted to be with my young family, enjoying life as I thought it was meant to be. Now I was told my first born would become the one to protect the place I love.
“Do not worry so, my child. It will be many snowfalls before she will have to take my place. She already knows, she just does not comprehend what it all means. Go now and take your family to town. The storm has passed and the sun will soon heat the day. Stay well child.” That was all she said as she spread her wings and rose high into the air. I watched until she was no more than a speck over the mountains. I turned and wondered if Mina would change form or stay human when she became the Guardian. It did explain, at least in my mind, why all the animals spent so much time with her. They must be teaching her their ways so she would know all she needed to care for the valley. I smiled as I woke my wife and daughter. I had not realized that the night had passed and it was day again.


Chapter Eight

The sun was just rising, as we set out for town. Lina and Mina, were still a bit leery as we walked swinging arms and singing our hiking tune. They soon got into it and were singing with me. I picked up Mina and carried her on my shoulders most of the way and then let her run again when we got to the edge of town. She knew exactly where we were going, but kept stopping to be sure we were coming. I stopped at the warehouse to see what was left for the coming snow season, as they went on to the house. There was a lot left and I could only assume that not everyone had come for their supplies yet. I exited the building and saw some elves coming along the road, so I lit my pipe and waited for them. 
Ayreid waved as they got closer and walked ahead of the wagons. He explained that they would have been there a day earlier, but waited for the storm to pass. We chatted about my experience with the dwarves and how drunk I was. By then the wagons had arrived and they unhooked them and hooked up the full ones. As they headed out I said my goodbyes and started walking to the house to see my daughter, Mina riding a she wolf. She said they had missed her and would be back soon. I smiled at her and told not to be late for dinner, as I knew time had a way of getting in the way when Mina was having a good time. They ran off across the bridge and off into the woods. I knew she would be safe, so I turned and went to the house where Lina was tidying up and getting things ready for our meal later. 
As I moved a few heavy things for her, Lina and I talked about my encounter with Zofiya but I never mentioned what I had been told about her, worrying over another child. She was overjoyed and a bit apprehensive about our child’s future. I told her that I am sure we will learn more as the time gets closer and she did seem to accept that. We agreed that it stay between us for now. The dragons would know but there was no point in telling everyone, since that would be too much like bragging and I was not one to brag about anything. 
Lina prepared the meal as I sat watching and puffing my pipe by the fire. We kissed anytime she was close. Our daughter got back and sat on my knee telling me about what she had done. I listened intently, but since she still couldn’t totally articulate her thoughts, it took a bit to sort out what she was saying. I smiled, nodded and added a few ‘that’s nice’ when it seemed appropriate. She had been shown dens and played with the wolf cubs. She liked the wolves a lot and was learning much about life in the woods from them.
Mina seemed to be growing faster than I thought a child should but here I gathered it was accepted as the norm. We sat down for our meal and ate quietly, with the occasional remark about weather or what we would do the next day. I helped clean up after, as Mina played with her animal dolls that her mom had sewn for her. 
As Lina and I washed the dishes, I patted and held her cute butt. She tried to brush my hand off, but not a serious try. We were done but I pressed behind her and stroked her legs and soon we were making love. We sat near the fire when we finished, just kissing and holding each other close.
Mina joined us as we sat by the fire, watching the flames dance. After a short time we went outside to look at the stars. It was a bit cool so with Mina between us, we wrapped a fur around ourselves and tried to name all the stars and constellations. Lina was very familiar with all of them but all I knew was Orion and the Dippers. I learned some of the stars for telling fortunes, but my mind just didn't grasp most of them. Too many names to remember. It was getting late and Mina had fallen asleep, so we went inside to lay and sleep by the warm fire. Wife on one side half on me and Mina on my free arm, we slept very contentedly. 
The sun was barely over the mountain when Mina and I went to see the mill and our friend, Seshi. He was filling a bag of white flour as we entered the old stone building. The water wheel creaked as it drove the gears and the grindstone, where the grain was crushed. The only light came from two small windows near the ceiling and with all the dust very little light seemed to get in. Seshi was covered with flour dust and never heard us till I shouted hello at him. He jumped at my greeting and swooped up Mina and held her above his head as she giggled and he said, “Nice see you friends. Come upstairs we have drink.” We followed him up the well worn, creaky steps to the upper level, where there was less dust and a table that overlooked the river and orchard on the other side. We had a drink as he bounced Mina on his knee and we talked about our trip around the valley. After the second drink of what was a very sweet liquid, I told him we should head back. He escorted us out, and after words of parting we strolled back to town as he went back to work. 
Lina met us at the edge of town and informed me that she and our daughter would be spending the afternoon with Maytoa, the seamstress we met at our first Gathering. She had come by and wanted to make Mina some new clothes. Since I had time to kill, I informed her I would go and explore the castle. I had always been curious about it. Lina gave me a look that indicated she rather I didn’t, but she knew I would so she just told me to be careful. I walked them to the house, where I took a skin of water and a couple of kisses, then set off to see what this castle looked like.
As I crossed a wooden drawbridge, laying over a shallow ditch, I saw that this place was never finished. The walls looked uncompleted, with piles of stone stacked in several places. In the courtyard, were sheds and shelters for horses or blacksmiths and farriers. I noticed one shelter had pieces of armour laying about but I had little interest in that. I walked into what looked very much like another courtyard but there was nothing there. Out of curiosity I stood in the middle of it and looked up and around the walls. I saw then why there was nothing here. It had been built as killing zone, with archer slits all focused on this spot. This castle was built as if it were in the outside world. No wonder the dwarves had quit helping and the dragons shut it down. 
I strode up the broad steps to the inner building. The large wooden door, reluctantly creaked open to reveal a large banner lined hall. Thick dust was everywhere but light streaked in the many openings on either side. There were niches on either side at the entryway, for guards, I assumed. A large chair, or throne, sat at the far side and even from across the room I could see Bear’s handiwork on it. There were several doors, or rather openings, on either side but I was more interested in the staircase that came down on either side of the throne. I stirred up the dust as I walked, but there was not as much on the floor as I would have thought, considering the length of time this place had been abandoned. 
Looking down from the top, I saw the glint of something behind the throne and made a mental note to check it out later. I was about to look into a room when I hear a familiar voice in my head telling me to come to the top of the castle. Not one to argue with a dragon I did as I was asked. As I came out into the sun, Myri seemed to shine brightly, standing in front of me. “Vold, you must leave this place and never return. Here was nothing but death and pain. Those who built this were evil and what they left should only stand as a warning that it will not be tolerated here.” I asked for better explanation as to why I could not look at what was here, but was only told again to leave. Reluctantly I agreed and in parting Myri said, “Part by way of the blue door in the big room. You will find it interesting and it may make up for not seeing this horrible place.” 
Slowly I walked back down the stairs, trying to see each level but only the hall was visible. The doors were all closed so I saw nothing of interest. I did look behind the throne, and found a bejewelled crown. No point in taking that, I was no king. I chuckled at the thought and placed it back on the floor. 
Looking around I saw the plain blue door, it opened easily and there on either side of a narrow walkway where a multitude of weapons. Spears, Halberds, swords, long and short and even maces. This room was packed with deadly weapons of war. I had a deep feeling of sadness that mankind was so greedy and power hungry that he had to kill to achieve it, when kindness was so much better. The door on the other side of the room beckoned to me, so I went to it, opened the door and stepped out into the most beautiful flower garden I had ever seen. I caught a glimpse of movement but never saw what created it. 
Rows of multi-coloured flowers lined a stone pathway. Well trimmed bushes were set in places and had shapes of dragons and many other creatures. Tress surrounded the outer edges and were trimmed in ball and cone shapes. Several sweet song birds sang in their branches. I recognized many of the flowers but many more were totally unknown to me. All were well placed and made the most beautiful patterns in their beds. Myri spoke, saying, “Lina does take of of this place very well. Glad you like it.”
She never spoke of this place. How did she ever find the time for so much work? We have not been apart long enough for her to do all the work this required. It was an amazing place. The scents and beauty was almost overwhelming. I would have to talk to her about keeping it from me.
“She had some help from a couple of young elves who maintain it. Till now it has been her passion and the fairies do love it so much. Soon there will be more room. You must take your family to your home and not return here for at least seven sun rises, no matter what you see or hear. Do not ask why, just promise you will do it. You will see after.” said Myri in a very stern voice.
I reluctantly agreed and asked if there was a reason I couldn’t talk to Lina about it. Myri told me there was no reason at all, but I should not be upset at her keeping it a secret. It was her special place and she would have shown me in her own time. I assured Myri that I had no intention of being upset with her.
“When you are ready, follow the path to the gate, but do not enter this castle again. I must go and make arrangements.” said Myri as she rose into the sky above me.
I strolled around and admired how well all the work had been done and could picture fairies all around the flowers. There was a wooden tower near the gate. It looked like a watchtower but I thought it was too short for that. It couldn’t be more than fifteen feet up. Climbing up I suspected it was here to view the garden from above and as I looked down I saw why it was here. You couldn’t get a good view of patterns from the ground, but from here I saw the swirls, outline of a fairy shape in daisies, and to my surprise, my name in a bed of pansies. I was very impressed and proud of the gardeners who kept such beauty in a place of evil. One more walk around the garden and through the round wooden gate I went. 
A well worn path went behind all the houses and stopped at Lina’s house, which did not surprise me. Maytoa was walking down the road as I came around from behind the house. Lina was standing outside with Mina watching her friend leave, so I picked up my daughter and gave them both a kiss. “You have a good look around, dear?” Lina asked.
“Not as much as I would have liked, Myri came and told me to stay out, but I did see your beautiful garden.” I told her with a smile on my face, as I looked her in the eye, to see her reaction. She almost sounded embarrassed as she asked if I was mad she hadn’t mentioned it. She looked like a child caught with their fingers in the cookie jar. Hanging her head she apologized for not telling me about, but she wasn’t sure how I would see it. I held her and kissed her forehead, asking her if she had any other secrets that she thought would might offend me. She looked up with sad puppy dog eyes and said no. I knew right away there was something, but I would not pursue it right now as we had to get going and heed Myri’s warning and head for the cabin.


Chapter Nine

I never felt so happy to see this old cabin. Strange that I felt comfortable everywhere in the valley but not as much as I did here. We had been greeted by our animal friends and even the centaurs had been there to greet us, with a basket of fruit. It felt as if the friendly neighbours were welcoming us as we moved in. If only the outside world was half as nice as everyone here. 
After a good swim, we settled for sleep and Lina slept well, but I was restless, so I stepped outside and sat to listen to the night sounds. The air was very still and I could not hear a thing. Nothing but silence filled the air. It was very strange that not one cricket or night bird could be heard. A wolf cub came over, without making a sound and curled up at my feet. It’s mother and sibling came over and lay beside me, without a word. I sat there enjoying the company even if we didn’t talk. 
As I looked out over the water thinking, how strange that even the fairies had no light on their island. That alone was very curious as there had always been lights there. I looked around and saw all our other animal friends settled down nearby and suddenly Sharazat came up and lay behind me. I was totally bewildered now. I have been in libraries that were not this quiet. It was very unnerving, since I had grown so accustomed to hear something at nights. At least the stars shone with their usual brightness and as I saw a shooting star streak across the sky, I made a wish to myself.
Moments later a spine chilling shriek in the distance broke the silence. I bent down to pet the cub at my feet as he sat with a start. Several more shrieks and a rumble of rocks could be heard from across the valley. I knew the sounds were dragons, but could only guess what they were doing. There was a very deep and strange cry among them and it sounded so much like someone giving directions but could not make anything out for sure. Looking east from where the sounds had come, I saw a faint glow over the cabin and trees. It was coming from the town or at least that direction. After what seemed a very long time, the shrieks stopped but the glow was brighter. I noticed several dark shadows heading north as they briefly blocked the stars with their bodies but couldn’t make out any one in particular. They were dragons, but that is all I could be sure of. I never realized there were so many of them here in the valley, as I had only seen two since I arrived.
As suddenly as all had come, my company started to leave as the sounds of the night returned. They all left as silently as they had come. A very strange evening, this had been. The fairy lights on the island were on again and all was as I had expected to find it when I had first come outside. Lina came out and sat on my lap. I asked her if the sounds woke her but she said she heard nothing. She wanted to see if I was alright as she had woken up and I was not beside her. We kissed and held each other, as I told her of the strange happenings. She looked very concerned when she heard what I saw, and put her head on my shoulder. I stroked her hair and suggested we go inside and try to get some sleep before the sun came up. 
We were at the door when I glanced north to see two flames above the Gathering spot. They were high in the air and obviously from dragons. One was red, but the other was blue. I asked Lina if she knew what that meant and was told it was a sign to the elves and dwarves to send their leaders to meet. She had seen it once before. The time just before her people were sent from the valley. She told me that dragons from outside the valley had come to make sure all but she left then. She pressed closer to me as we lay down and watched the flames through the window. They shone for a long time, which surprised me, but then I knew little of what dragons were capable of. Suddenly the blue light went out and soon after so did the other. I held Lina closer as she was shivering and not from the cold as it was a very warm evening. 
Eventually we slept, but the sun was barely over the mountains when I was awakened by the sound of Mina laughing and shouting outside. I sat up to see Lina making breakfast. She smiled and said, “Come and eat. Mina has a new friend that will be here from now on. Seems one of the forest cats, Saki, has grown attached to her and wishes to stay here with her.” 
As I ate, I could see the two running and playing in front of the cabin. Saki was a beautiful cat, with reddish grey fur and very dark ears and what looked like a black eye patch. I am glad Mina had so many animal friends, but did wish she had more human friends. Then again, she was young and may spend more time with the elves and dwarves as she grew older. I finished my food and went out to watch Mina as I had my morning pipe.
I saw the deer were back as was the bear cub. All were playing a rousing game of tag. Running full out and all over the place. I thought the bear cub would be out classed by the others till I watched a bit and saw how quickly he moved. The little brown bear was quick sideways and forward. His mother lay near the water resting, but came and laid near my chair when she saw me there. Lina sat next to me when she brought out my coffee. We both agreed this would be a good day to just relax and enjoy watching the children play. We had a couple of good chuckles as the kids played and tumbled, but my mind kept thinking of the night before. I could not help thinking that something in the valley had changed. I had my meeting with Myri in mind and hoped what I thought was not true but would go and see in a day or so, but now was time to enjoy my family and friends. No sooner had I thought that when Mina jumped on my lap and hugged me, then she was off again, running and playing. I smiled as Lina took my hand in hers and we watched.
After an hour or so, I felt restless so I got up and walked around a bit. I was out back looking at the garden when an excited young centaur galloped up and informed me I was wanted at their paddock. He never said why, just that I was needed as soon as I could get there. Although I asked what was so urgent, he just said, Slamora and Vinall had told him to get me. I told him to inform them that I would be there as soon as I could. He offered me a ride, but I told him to go as I had to talk to my wife first. He ran off as fast as he had arrived.
Lina looked as puzzled as I was, when I told her, but we both knew and agreed I should go. She would stay here and watch Mina while I was gone. I took my drinking skin and kissed them, then strode off through the woods. I could only wonder why the females had called for me as we had minimal contact since Lina had come into my life and I had not done much more than work the fields. I had no negotiating skills or any other special abilities, that I knew of. Guess I would find out when I saw them. I chuckled to myself as my mind wandered through things that it could never be. I knew it would not be a talk about sexual problems. I walked on whistling and enjoying the birds songs as well as the beauty of nature I was passing through. 
As I crossed the stream, I was joined by the wolf cub that had laid at my feet last night. I said hello and asked his name, but he never answered. I decided to call him Patch because of his colouring. I glanced around for his mother as I knew she wouldn’t be far away, but saw nothing. Patch and I walked on to the main road, where a few yips from the trees sent him running to the voice. Mom finally calling him back. I continued south to the trail into the centaur meadow where I found the ladies waiting. They were chatting to themselves, when they spotted me coming towards them and they both started chattering loud and excitedly at me. Of course I couldn’t understand a word as they were talking so fast and over each other in the language of the valley. Which, as I have learned, was a very old Celtic dialect, mixed with German as best I could tell, but it continued to elude me, no matter how hard I try to learn it. I did find that the term, ‘Bean an ti’ was a good description of Lina, since she was the woman of my house. 
I shook my head and held up my hands to get the ladies to slow down and tell me why I was there. With an apology they stopped and suggested we go to a nearby shelter to talk. So I could sit and rest. I do believe they saw me as just a weak human. I smiled at that thought, but it would be nice to get out of the sun. It was a bit bright today, so shade would be nice, especially if this would be a long talk. No sooner was I settled, when the girls looked at me and demanded, not asked, as the sweet females I had always known, but demanded I tell them why there had been so many dragons in the valley and why Myri had told them to stay at home for that day. 
They just stared at me, expecting a full explanation, but I looked at them and asked if they were the leaders of their clan. “Of course, we guide our tribe as have all our ancestors did,” replied Vinall. “Now explain. We have right to know.” Slamora chimed in with, “You meet Guardian more than anyone here, you know, so now tell us. Please.” I looked at her in with a bit of amazement. 
It took a while to relate what I had seen and heard that night and the day before when I was told to stay away. I also informed them about my meetings with the Guardian. They kept asking questions that I had no answers for, but finally they realized I knew little more than they did. They agreed to keep the future of my daughter to themselves, for now anyway and I think they rather liked knowing something no one else did. I did have to promise to let them know as soon as I did, about the dragons. We agreed to meet in the morning at the cabin and go to town and see what had changed if anything. I bid them a farewell for now and called Sharazat for a quick ride home.
When I arrived back home I informed Lina about the conversation and our plans for the morning. She agreed that we should see what, if anything, there was to see. She wanted to come with me and I knew she had to. We agreed that we would sleep early so we would be ready and fresh for whatever happened. We had a good swim with our daughter and then ate and played some tag till Mina got tired. We all laid on the furs and looked at the stars till we fell into slumber. I was sure Lina was apprehensive about the morning, although she never said a word. It had been on my mind since it happened. I had no idea what we would see in the morning, but no point in worrying about it now, I thought as I finally drifted off to sleep.
I did not eat much the next morning but went out with my coffee and pipe. To my surprise, the girls were there waiting, as were several of our animal friends. I greeted them and sat down for my morning ritual. We were soon joined by Lina and our girl. After some pleasant small talk and a very quick smoke, we set off toward the fields and town. There was little chatter as we walked with centaurs close behind. When we entered the orchard that ran along the river, we were met by Sharazat, who said nothing just walked along side. I glanced ahead to the road and there was Azag standing there. He waved at us and in a moment I saw Seshi beside him, smiling as always. We all greeted each other as we reached the road when I heard a gasp behind me. I turned and looked across the river where the town had been. With the exception of one house, it was all gone.
All that was left was piles of ashes or bricks, where houses had been. The storage sheds were still standing but they had been at the edge of town and the castle was nothing but a pile of rubble. I held Lina, as she looked as she would collapse. Holding her we walked across the bridge but no one said a word.
Azag spoke first, saying “Dwarves take blocks. Your house stands Lina. Don’t be sad.”
Amazingly the bench in front of the house was there as always and not even a scorch mark was evident on the building. I could only assume that several dragons were brought here to help destroy the village. I was befuddled as to why it was necessary now, since it had stood for many years and not been a problem before. Looking up the rise to the pile of what had been a castle, I saw that the wall around the garden was slightly scorched but intact. I told Lina to sit and I would see what was left of her garden. She looked shocked but with the others talking to her in calm tones, I went off for a quick look. The rubble was piled high, so I went to the back gate and opened it to see the entire garden had been left intact. No rubble or burnt plants. As if it had been protected by a shield or something. 
When I got back Lina looked anxiously at me for a sign of how her hard work was. I smiled and told her all was well. The girls looked as amazed as I was that the garden and this one house had been left untouched but somehow I knew that it was done with Mina in mind. I was sure Myri knew about her future and this place would have something to do with it. I would have to confirm that with her before I told anyone else. 
I told Lina we would go home and I would return and see the dwarves about what they were doing with all the rubble. She was a bit unsteady but got up and leaned on me, when a thought came to me. I called Sharazat and had him take Lina home. Saki would carry Mina. Lina left reluctantly but both Slamora and Vinall agreed to stay with her till I returned. When they had left, I turned to Azag and asked him when the dwarves came to work. He told me that they were in the supply shed just waiting for us to leave. They didn’t want to interfere with what we did, as Myri had told them it would be a sad time for us. 
I opened the door, looked in at all the dwarves, and said “You boys gonna sit here all day or get to work?” I winked and smiled at them and they all laugh and started to file out to work. I do believe they were relieved they could get at it again. I stopped Dafeg so he could tell me what I needed to know. He sat on a bench and handed me a drink before he started talking. Then he told me how that night the elves and the dwarves were called to the Gathering place and told about Mina’s future and that all the remains of the castle should be taken to the Gathering place and a large platform built there for the Gathering as in time there would be a very special guest. Any material left over was to be stockpiled till it was needed for other things. 
We finished our drinks and he went off to work and I headed back to the cabin. As I walked I mentally called to Myri, but there was no answer so I got home and held my wife and child. Lina had calmed down a bit but it was good holding her. We spent the rest of the day talking about what happened and came to the agreement that it was all for the betterment of our valley. Whether or not we understood it all. 
Winter would soon arrive and we would have to be sure all our supplies were in order for the season of snow. In the morning I would start and get all ready in the store houses while Lina did the same here. Tonight there was just us and much love to make. 


Chapter Ten

The next weeks passed without incident. We had made sure we had all we needed for the snows and I had checked to be sure all others had what they needed. Time seemed to fly by and all signs indicated it would be a few cold moons till Spring arrived again. Everyone was putting in extra to be sure of having enough. Even the animals scurried about to stock extra supplies. Most of the birds that migrated, had flown south before the first skiff of white lay on the ground. The sun was lower and not so hot these days but still much better than many winters I had gone through. I had not seen a harsh winter here in the little time I had been in the valley and often wondered if it had only been three years or had I always been here. It seemed like any memory of another world was fading from my mind and this was the only life I had ever known.
Mina was growing fast and spoke in almost complete sentences. She was fluent in English and the language of the valley already. I was so proud of her and could only wonder how much more she would surprise me. She swam like a fish and there was no animal she did not communicate with. She especially loved her cat and they were seldom apart. All the animals loved her and even though she was smaller than most of them, they showed her much respect and care. She was still my baby and I would always think of her that way. Lina loved to watch us playing together and even took enjoyment from tripping me occasionally as they piled on and washed my face with snow. Have to admit I did pretend to be upset but they never bought that and we all ended up laughing our heads off.
It was a couple of days before winter solstice when the storm started. A very windy, but sunny morning gave way to cold and snow on that afternoon so we sat in front of the fire, watching the snow blow by and hearing the wind howl over the cabin. Lina could not remember a storm as fierce as this ever but we were safe and snug together. We did hope all our animal friends were the same. By that night, the snow was piled up against the cabin so our door would not open, even if we had wanted to go out. We talked and played to occupy ourselves and of course made love before we slept with the storm still raging. 
Morning did not bring a change and the snow was piled halfway up the window. I started to wonder how we would get out when it finally stopped. I could only imagine how high it was against the door. At least 4 feet on the side and wind blowing, I figured it was all the way up at the leeward side and packed hard against the door. I knew how hard the wind could pack snow and it would take a lot to open this one. I wished we had hinged it to open in, instead of out as it was. Well I couldn’t worry about it till the storm stopped and it showed no sign of stopping for now. Till now I never realized how small the cabin was or how little we had to do inside, but we made up stories and played games to pass the time. Even the cat, Saki joined in our play.
I had carved some squares from a piece of wood and made dice. I taught the girls an old game that I remembered from the past and Mina really loved tossing them all over the place. I do believe that was more fun for her than the game itself. Time past and after two full days, our wood would only last till tomorrow and we still had to dig out to get more from the shelter beside the cabin. I went to sleep hoping the storm would be gone by morning or I would have to get out somehow anyway. I knew Lina was worried too.
I woke to a bright beam of light coming in what clear window we had left. Snow was just at my head level as I stood and Lina was smiling as she made breakfast. She kissed me and told me to eat. “Azag came earlier, he looked like a bear in his big black fur coat. He dug the door out. He was worried about us and he has gone to help others who need to be dug out. He did say he would return when he was done, in case we needed anything.” she proclaimed. I smiled at the news and chuckled when I pictured the huge man in a bear skin. 
As soon as I had eaten I went out to see the damage if any and was amazed at the snow all over. It was waist deep in some places. Piled well over ten feet among the trees and it took almost half the day to clear it from the wood pile. I spent the rest of the day clearing it from the window but with a couple of tea breaks got it done. I could only imagine how the centaurs had weathered this storm, in their field and open shelters. I did hope they were all well. I then thought that the unicorns would have as bad a time in their pasture. I couldn’t dwell on those thoughts as I had two females to care for myself and after the snow was cleared and I had my evening meal, I made sure there was enough wood inside for several days. Lina had done a check of our food supplies and told me to get more vegetables and another roast so if we were stuck inside again, we would have enough for many of days. 
That done we settled for another quiet night and were very happy to see the stars out, with very few clouds drifting by. We all slept well and soundly that night. The storm was over and all seemed well with the world again. Cuddled together we slept, but I woke to see a glow across the lake. It was beyond the island and flashed several times, it was moving along where I figured the road would be. It was a long way off so I couldn’t be sure and a voice in my head told me it was nothing to worry about. I laid down again and snuggled close to Lina and slept, till Saki licked my face to wake me.
It was two days before Azag returned and Lina and I had spent the days clearing snow and playing with Mina. We had built a snow fort and had several snowball fights, now that days were calmer and even the temperature was much closer to freezing. I even found a piece of bark that worked very well as a toboggan for Mina. The slight slope of the piled snow, toward the lake was perfect and thanks to the two bushes at lake edge she never got into the open water. 
Azag sat on the floor as we chatted about what was happening around the valley after the storm. He told us of how the dwarves and elves fared well other than drifted roads but Thoragi, Myri’s mate, had gone around and melted the big drifts so roads were passable again. It was he I saw the first clear night or at least the glow of his flame as he helped make the roads passable. We all laughed as we were told how mad Seshi was, as his home under the bridge had been drifted in so tight it took a full day to get him out. 
The unicorns did well as they had the trees on the east edge to block the wind and that acted as a snow fence so they were all fine, a bit cold but all had survived thanks to them huddling together to share body heat and Azag had made sure they had feed handy, till the grass poked through the snow again. The centaurs were another matter though. They were prepared as anyone had been but they almost lost one of the young ones, who had gone out in the middle of the storm. He was too young to know how dangerous it was in all the snow and cold. Thankfully he was found quickly but it took a couple of days before he shook off the shivers he had caught. 
Azag did muse at the fact he never saw Sharazat or any sign of him in his travels around and like us was worried about our big friend. I had called him once but there was no answer or sign of him, which worried me. Azag did say that his dwelling looked undisturbed but was not covered and there was no sign inside either. Something in my mind told me he was fine but I still had a nagging feeling. We talked till it was dark and Azag told us he should go. He had told Seshi he would return and tell him the news too. We bid our friend farewell and then settled down for the night. 
It was dark when I was awakened by a loud noise outside. It was not a voice or knock, more like the long rumble of thunder. I sat up and stared out the window at a pine tree, that I knew was not there before. Then from behind it stepped a dwarf sized shape. I could see by the moonlight that he had a long white beard and a fur trimmed coat on. To one side I saw a beautifully antlered elk with a pack. I rubbed my eyes in disbelief. We had not celebrated or even talked of Christmas in all the time I was here, but this sure looked a lot like it to me. I nudged Lina and she gasped as she too saw this. I heard her whisper, ‘Father Christmas’ as she held me. 
The person pointed to Mina, indicating that she should be up, so I picked her up and held her so she had a good look. She was a bit confused until the man, spread his arms toward the tree and it lit up with hundreds of small lights. They twinkled on and off and we just stood there amazed at the display. After a few moments, ‘Father Christmas’ bowed to us, hopped on the elk, and literally in the twinkle of an eye, he was gone. The tree twinkled a moment and then the lights went out and it broke up and flew away, like so many small birds. It was amazing as I was so sure it was a real tree. The only thing left was the bag he had dropped.
I put on a fur and went out to get the bag. As I picked it up, I did note that other than mine, there were no tracks or footprints any where. I had a bag in my hand so it wasn’t all a dream. Taking it inside I could only wonder what just happened. Lina told me that in her time here she had never seen anything like that and they had not even celebrated winter solstice. We sat on the furs and turned our attention to the dark red bag. I untied it and pull it’s mouth open. Reaching in I found a small box and pulled it out. It had Mina’s name written on it, in a lovely script. I handed it to her and she, like most children do, ripped it open and found herself holding a beautifully painted and very well carved bird. I had never seen anything so lovely and I noticed that the wings, which looked like real feathers, folded from the body so they could be spread as if it in flight. It looked like an eagle but was coloured more like some parrots I have seen. 
I examined the torn paper as Mina played with her new toy. Other than a subtle pattern of white leaves on the white paper and the name, there was no hint of where it had come from. I suspected the elves as they were very good at making intricate items. I had never seen one as nice as this but am sure it was possible. I went to put the bag away when I noticed it held another box so I got it out and it was very small with Lina’s name on it. I smiled as I told her that she had not been forgotten. She carefully unwrapped it, gasped in amazement as she found the most beautiful necklace, I had ever seen. A golden butterfly on a fine gold chain. The thinly sliced stones in the wings, that looked like rubies and sapphires, sparkled in the firelight. It looked wonderful against her lightly tanned skin. 
Mina fell asleep holding her bird. Lina slept in my arms. I just spent the night in wonder and thought. How had someone managed this lovely treat, and who here even celebrated the season as I had. I wondered how they knew about Santa, since the only humans here never mentioned him. Most had been here from a time long before he was ever invented. I pushed the thoughts from my head and looked out at the lake and stars. The sun rose finding me smiling out at a beautiful white landscape. It was a beautiful view that will never bore me. The local deer had passed through just before sunrise and paused long enough to say hello. Lina woke and we quietly made love before she started breakfast.
I ate and went out to watch Mina play with the bird she now called Meme. When Lina came out I told her I was going to check the store houses but would be back as soon as I could. She knew that was only an excuse to see how the dwarves were doing at cleaning up all the rubble. I am glad she never called me on it and she told me that she wanted to go and see how the centaurs were doing so if she wasn’t here, I shouldn’t worry. I am sure she knew I would anyway, as I knew she did when I was away alone. We kissed and I went off to the fields.
On the way I called Sharazat again, but still not a sign of him. I was starting to worry about him. It was not like him to be absent for so long. He had disappeared for two or three days before but he always let us or Azag know. Well, I did hope he was well, wherever he was. A familiar voice in my head, told me he was well, just off with another, outside the valley. I thanked Myri and walked a bit lighter.
I took a quick look in the sheds to make sure all was well and made note that one wall needed a minor repair. A bundle of straw would keep it dry in there till we could replace the broken boards. I also noticed that many wagons had passed through here since the snow, by the trail they left in the road, and when I reached the old castle site, there was nothing but the foundation showing. Any lower floors were filled with dirt and debris. Looking around from where the drawbridge had been but now only a wooden bridge lay, I could see into the garden and there was a new back wall across and piles of dark black soil. To expand the garden in the spring, was my thought. We would find out then for sure.
I started back home smiling, as I knew Lina would be pleased at being able to expand the garden. At the bridge I hollered down to Seshi, to say hello. He popped his head out and told me to come down for a quick chat. I accepted and we talked for an hour, drinking and having a smoke of some strong tobacco, he grew, just up stream a little ways. The home was just one room but rather cozy with the two fur covered easy chairs and a small table in the centre of the room. I never saw a bed so asked him where he slept. He pointed to the wall and said it folds up there. I admired the picture of a female and child, that was on the wall. He explained that they were his before they had been killed by humans. It happened long before he had come here. He never had the urge to find another and was happy now, so he remembered them, pleasantly. From how he talked of them, I got the impression he missed them, even after the many years that had passed. As much as I wanted to talk longer, I knew I should go before Lina worried too much, so I said my goodbyes and headed home. 
Lina was waiting when I arrived and fed me before she let me tell her what I had seen. I mentioned what Myri had told me about our missing friend, which made her relieved as it had me. She gave me heck for eating too fast, but that was normal and it was hard to take her seriously when she smiled all time. After I ate we sat on the furs looking out at our world as we usually did as the sun set. I told her about the castle and dirt I saw. She smiled broadly. I knew she was thinking and planning the expansion of her garden.
We lay, making small talk and watched the stars as we always did after making love and slept, with Lina half on me and my daughter close to me on the other side. As I dozed off I felt Mina’s cat settle beside her and place it’s head on my arm. My only thought was to wonder if it could get better than this. I doubted it and soon fell asleep.


Chapter Eleven

Over the next two months we made sure tools were in good order and ready for a year of work. Our days were easy and I always had more time to play with Mina. We had several visitors at the farm house, as we called the former town house, and the cabin, where we spent most nights. Days came and went as we settled into the daily routine. We ate when we woke, then went to sheds or just played the day away. Nothing was ever so important that we had a set a timetable. Near sunset we had our evening meal and then settled for the night. Lina showed Mina how to mix plants to make healing potions, and many nights were spent learning the names and patterns of the stars. I must admit, I did not learn as fast as my daughter, but I did enjoy trying. 
On occasion I had a chance to watch them making a large meal and could not help but be surprised at how many of the common plants we had all over, that were used to make our food. Lina laughed hysterically when I told her. I would have starved if it wasn’t for all the help I received. I conveyed stories of fast food, corner stores and all the other conveniences I had known, before arriving here. She and Mina were totally amazed by automobiles. Wagons that moved on their own as you sat inside them. To give them a better image of what I was saying, I carved a pick up truck and used it to explain what I meant. I wasn’t sure they grasped the concept, since my carving skills left a lot to be desired, but we did have many good laughs about it and Mina had a new toy.
Lina kept asking about restaurants, it seemed she wanted to open one but without a need for currency, I could only wonder why and how that would work. As I would find out later, this woman was much more forward thinking than I could imagine. She had made a rough sketch of how the new garden would look, leaving a fifty square foot rectangle in the centre, empty, like a town square, and had our friend, Bear, lay flat stones to make it like a courtyard. All was done and ready for planting at the same time as the crops. 
I took care of planting the fields and making sure my elven helpers knew what and how it should be so we maximized our yield. It was not a hard job but did take time since we had to plow up another field because the valley had a minor baby boom this last winter. Even though there were only twenty more mouths to feed we wanted to be sure we had more than was necessary. Always had to be ready for the unforeseen events that may happen. There had been a meeting before the snow finally left, where we all decided to build and fill another storage shed near the Gathering ground. We did not want to keep all our grain supplies in one place in case of wildfire or another heavy snowfall. 
Considering how different the population here was, I was always amazed that they thought so much alike when it came to seeing the bigger picture of what to do for the survival of all. I even talked to Myri when we all agreed to see if we could bring more wildlife into the valley. She agreed to talk with Zofiya and see what could be done to allow this. The elves would make a study to be sure the valley could support more animals. We sure didn’t want to invite them in, if they did not have enough for them and us to survive.
Lina spent a lot of time with her garden and I knew she was very busy planting when I saw a wagon full of young trees and other plants roll by and up the hill to the garden. She had told me to stay away till it was ready. She wanted all to see it at the same time and would hold a revealing sometime after the Gathering, where she would invite all to see her formerly hidden gem. I had to admit it was not easy to stay away, but with planting and clearing a field, I kept busy and there was always Mina to play with and teach. She seldom left my side, unless her mother was showing and teaching her how to care for plants. 
Spring seemed to come quickly and crops had been planted without any problems. If the rains came at the right time and the sun was there constant as always, it would encourage a good growth. Ayreid and I were very pleased with the work and had gotten hold of some dwarven ale after planting was done, to the chagrin of our women. Needless to say, the ladies were not thrilled when they came and found us loudly singing in our drunken state. They just left us but we did hear giggling as they walked out. I guessed they did not appreciate our humour when we invited them to join us. We had spent the whole night celebrating a job well done with Seshi and Azag and a few of the younger elves that had helped.
The next morning saw me wake with a throbbing head, laying on a pile of straw. After a drink of Lina’s antidote, which I always kept with me, I made my way to the house, where breakfast was waiting. Not a word about the night before was said, and I was so grateful that Mina was playing quietly because somewhere a bee was buzzing, a lot louder than I thought was possible for such a small insect. I was informed that I would have to journey to the north and get some furniture that was for the garden, from the dwarves. Lina smiled broadly when she asked if I could hitch the wagon without help. I thought she tried to keep from laughing a bit too much, but I returned the smile telling her I would manage somehow. Even Mina giggled at that. 
I kissed them both and set off to make the pick up. I was so glad there were no reins needed to guide this large beast. They took commands through telepathy. You just looked were you wanted them to go and they went. They never objected to the harness for the wagons and could pull many times their weight. Even a wagon full of heavy rock was no problem. They did prefer to pull alone and not be hitched with another, but I had seen two hitched at the last harvest, and they pulled four full wagons with no problem. They did butt each other, to show dominance, I gathered, but they did their job and did it very well. We only used the males for draft work and the females supplied milk.
Upon my arrival at the dwarf town, I asked Hathas, who was waiting for me, where I could find the furniture. He invited me to sit and drink, while I waited for them to load the wagon for me, so we went into his house where his father, Bear was already seated. We had a mild drink, since I was still feeling the effects of the day before. We talked about the coming year and what it may bring. A lot of small talk till a head poked in the door and informed me the wagon was loaded and ready to go. I made my farewells and went to make sure all was secure. All was stacked very well and ropes were very secure. I thanked the boys who stood watching me and as I climbed into the seat, one told me to leave it overnight and they would put it in place in the morning. Again I thanked them and headed home.
The trip back would be uneventful or so I thought. Once we got to the main road, I saw a female walking toward me. I waited till Shandra, the priestess witch, got to where I was. I asked where she was heading and was informed she was going to see Lina, so I offered her a ride. She accepted and I helped her up, then we headed for home again. Shandra was a slim women with very long black hair that hung to her waist when she stood. Most often it was worn in a long braid but on occasion, such as the Gathering, she did wear it loose. She was not an unattractive woman, but she was not a raving beauty. We talked about her travelling alone, when most often she had several of the coven with her. She said she liked to be alone when she had things to think about.
She confirmed that she had things to discuss with Lina, although she never said exactly what, and was grateful for the ride as now she wouldn’t have to spend a night on the road. We talked about the storm and how they had made it through with just a little discomfort. Shandra had gone to the centaurs as soon as the storm had settled to make sure the young one was alright and suffered no ill effects from his exposure. She was thankful that Azag had come along and helped her through the drifts and praised his unselfish help. I agreed with her that he was the embodiment of the valley, in one big bundle. 
She asked me how I saw him as a friend when so many would only see his outer features and flee from him. I had to be honest and told her at first I thought of fleeing, but very quickly realized that no matter what he looked like, he had a good heart and was one of the kindest persons I had ever known. I was very proud to call him a friend. At that she smiled and told me she knew by how I talked about him and she had seen how I treated him as an equal, rather than a lesser person.
We talked more about things that were happening and she pointed out that there would be two major announcements at the Gathering this year, but she told me no more since we had arrived at the sheds. As I unhitched the wagon and turned the modrow loose to eat and rest, she thanked me for the lift and went off to see Lina. I left the wagon outside after making sure all was still secure and covered from the morning dew that a cool night would bring. Just as I finished I saw the ladies walking up the hill, chatting with each other. I strode home to find Mina playing with some cards that I assumed Shandra had given her, since they were not here before. 
The cards looked much like tarot cards, but had pictures of the valley and creatures in it. They looked new but probably weren’t. I gave her a kiss and hug before I sat for a drink and my evening smoke. I enjoyed watching her play as much as I did playing with my daughter. We often played hide and seek or tag. She was a joy to be with and her animal friends loved to play with her too. She was growing fast and almost too big to ride her cat much longer, but she ran swiftly so had little trouble keeping up with Saki. Most days she wore her leather tunic but when we travelled she preferred a pretty, knitted dress that she had received at her first Gathering. It had been too big at first but now she fit it quite well and I knew she would get another as she grew. I suspected she would keep the original as it was not worn out but then children seldom wear out clothes, as they grow out of them before that can happen. 
I had made a chest of cedar wood for Mina, so she could keep any treasures she found, in it and I was sure her old clothes would be placed there too. She loved to bring small stones home that attracted her eye and the chest had a small compartment just for them. It could be taken out and carried easily so she often took it with her. She had named all the stones for her friends. She had found a beautiful light blue one for her fairy friend and that one had a very special place in the box. Even when she did not carry the box, that stone was always with her. 
After some time I went outside to wait for my wife to return. Mina and I sat quietly watching the sun set and the stars come out. In the silence of the evening I heard the voices of the ladies getting closer. I watched as they approached and then received a quick kiss from Lina who apologized for being so long. She hurried inside to get dinner ready as I chatted with our guest, whom I assumed would spend the night, but she told me that her way home would arrive soon. She had no sooner said that when Sharazat came up the road in his long great leaps. I hugged him as he stopped in front of us, and told him it was good to see him again. He smiled broadly and I got the impression he was glad to be with us once more. I said goodnight to Shandra and in a flash they were gone, in a cloud of dust.
We ate and as was our custom, sat and watched the stars till Mina got sleepy. Then we curled up together and slept. Not an exciting life but it was a good one and very well suited to us. Never had I wanted much in the way of property or objects and here I had more than I ever dreamt of. A loving wife, a family and friends, a shelter, there was nothing more I could ask for. This life suited me and I would not exchange it for anything. I slept very well with Lina in my arms and my girl nearby. 
Early the next morning, as I had my morning smoke, the dwarves arrived and pulled the wagon up to the garden, with Lina leading the way, to be sure all was in the right place, no doubt. As curious as I was, I controlled myself and would wait to see it when Lina was ready to show me. It was not long before the dwarves returned with an empty wagon. They parked it in it’s shed and left with no more than a wave as they parted. Soon after, Lina returned and sat beside me. She informed me that it was all done and she would be ready for visitors by the time solstice came.
I inquired how the elves she had help from, managed to get to and from the garden, without being seen. I chuckled as I suggested they were afraid of me, so they stayed hidden. Lina chuckled too and in her sweet tone, told me they only came at night and were gone by morning. They were a bit shy and preferred to stay out of sight. She had met them on a warm starry night when she had stayed late in the garden. The two of them had always cared for the plants but enjoyed how Lina had arranged it. They also enjoyed coming and going as they pleased and not being told how and when to do the work they loved and were so suited for. Sproi and Raythe were very special characters and if I went up one night, I would meet them. That would have to wait as I had work to do and had already sat for too long.
I grabbed my hoe and strode off to the field. It was a good day for field work. Not too hot so the weeding went quickly and I never noticed my helpers working on the other field till I stopped and had a drink of water. I noticed a small gnome like person working along side the elves and made a mental note to ask about her. She was obviously a female as it seemed all workers here only wore any covering around their waists. There was no false modesty here. I went back to work and was done by early afternoon, when Lina came with my lunch. We sat at the field edge as I ate and then Mina came running across the field, wanting to go swimming so I willingly took her to the river and we swam. It was good to get the dust off and I did love to splash around with my bundle of love. Mina was such a pleasure to be with. Always full of joy and excitement, much like her mother. 
We were joined by the elves and the new girl so I welcomed her and asked who she was. She called herself, Pelkie. She had arrived here recently and stayed near the elf village. She was alone and enjoyed the company of the elves. She was very short in stature, rather plump, but in good physical shape as she could easily do the work required, but then I gathered all gnomes were. Her curly reddish hair fell over her shoulders and from her looks, I figured she was not very old. Of course I had no idea how long gnomes lived on average. In answer to her query if I was upset, I smiled and splashed her as I heard my wife giggling behind me as water flew over my head from her hands. We all had a great time splashing and playing till the others left to head home and it was almost time for dinner.
Days went by quickly and it would soon be time for this years Gathering. Since it had become a custom for us to give each other small gifts at that time, I decided to chat with Azag and Seshi about the gift I wanted for this year as they knew better than I where to get the materials. They were as excited about it as I was. Seshi suggested that they do it all so that none would not know till it was done. Since it would be hard to hide I reluctantly agreed but I wanted to see it as it was being done. I had an idea for the finishing touch and would do that myself. Azag told us that an old shed near the vineyard would be a good place as no one used it and it was big enough to hold all the materials. It was settled and I left it in their hands.


Chapter Twelve

There were a few days left till the Gathering, so I decided that since my present was ready and we had a day with no work that demanded our attention, I would show Lina my gift for her and Mina. After breakfast, I told Azag to make sure it was ready and waiting at the bridge. He hurried off and I informed Lina that we would be taking a walk but we wouldn’t be walking back. As I planned she was confused and full of questions, but just told her she would understand when she saw the gift I had. I had told her it was for all of us and not for one in particular so we walked toward the fruit grove and bridge.
As we stood on the bridge, looking down I called down to Seshi and he gently pushed a boat into view. Lina gasp at the sight of the gleaming brown shape and in a flash Mina was down by the water, jumping up and down in joyful glee. Saki did not look as happy and wasn’t sure about it. I was very pleased with the work my friends had done and very proud of the dragon head on the front and curled tail at the back. I guided my wife down and sat her in the boat. Mina needed no help and hugged the figurehead as if it was a long lost friend, with Saki right behind her. I thanked my friends who were standing there smiling, as I took the oars and started down stream to the lake. 
The boat was not much bigger than a dorry, which was more than enough for our small family. We had used the wood of birch trees and made it very solid and waterproof. There was a place for a sail just ahead of the centre seat, but the mast lay along one side and the sail rolled up along the other. Although it was crowded, we had tested it with Azag and Seshi at night so we wouldn’t be noticed. I had to admit for a pair who had never built a boat, they had done a marvellous job. 
Although all the pictures of Viking dragon boats I had seen had fierce looking dragons on them, I made sure mine would have a soft and friendly figurehead. It took us the whole day to get back to the cabin as Lina had her turn rowing and of course Mina had to have hers even though she had trouble keeping the oars in the water, until she sat on my lap. I told her I would get cushions so she would have an easier time and could use it alone as she got older and grew.
When we arrived home, Azag was waiting with a smile on his face. It seems he and Seshi had made a surprise for us. There were several boards on the ground at the waters edge. They were just wide enough for the boat and as he directed me to beach there, I did. He wrapped a rope through a metal hoop, at the base of the figure head and with a crank he pulled the boat fully from the water, with the three of us still in it. Then he told us that it would slide easily back into the water whenever we wanted it too. 
I thanked him for the thoughtfulness that I had not thought of. We seldom had much ice on the lake so it never occurred to me that it would best to pull the boat out during the winter. I had to ask how it happened he thought of it. He told me that Seshi remembered seeing many boats sinking because of ice and he had suggested it. I thanked him for his thoughtfulness and would thank Seshi next time I saw him.
We all sat and ate our evening meal together, except for Mina who decided the boat would be her new place for play. She ate in it that first day but we convinced her that it would be there for a long time so she could still play with her friends on dry ground. Lina had guessed that we would take it across the lake to the Gathering, and I confirmed it. We just had to be sure to take a wide route around the fairies’ island, so they would not be scared or nervous. 
I asked Mina if her invisible friend understood and would inform her village that we would stay away and not attempt to land there. She said her fairy would let the rest know, but it would still take a few trips before they would rest easy when the boat came near. I could understand that and mentioned that we would only be on that side of the lake if it was necessary. Such as the trip to the Gathering. 
An unseen, tiny voice, from somewhere near my ear said, “I trust you Vold. Others don’t, but I shall tell them and you will show them, by your actions.” It was fair, but had I known a boat would be a problem, I would never have had it made. What is done is done, so we will use it as intended, at our end of the lake. Just for fun or to take a short cut across the lake rather than travel the long way around on the road. 
I decided to take a swim before we settled for the night and was joined by Lina. We never went far, so we could watch out daughter as she played in her new toy. We got out as the sun disappeared behind the mountains. Laying on the grass we made love before we took our girl in and put her to bed. It was a warm starry night and we sat and watched as a bright shooting star streaked across the sky. Just before I dozed off, I noticed a very large dark shadow cross the sky and in my mind said goodnight to it, knowing all was well.
The morning before Gathering, we packed a few things in the boat and since we had taught Mina to row, we let her ride the boat into the water. For a moment I was not sure she would come back for us, but she did and I took over the oars. With Mina at her usual place on the prow, we set off across the lake. Saki had decided to stay at home. I gathered she was not too keen about the boat. I saw that Lina enjoyed gliding on the water as much as she loved swimming in it and Mina waved at every bird, fish and insect she saw. I steered well to the west of the island and then followed close to the shore, till I had us close to the Gathering place. A tree near the water served as an anchorage and we took our things and found a shelter that would serve as home, for the next three days. 
Since it had taken most of the day to cross the lake, we set up our site and watched as others streamed into the clearing. Waving at friends and helping a couple who struggled with all they brought. There seemed to be more crafts this year. Other than the usual clothing, jewellery, knives and furniture, there were several articles that could only be for decoration, and I even noticed a toy maker, whom I recognized as Pelkie, had brought many articles for children. Seems she was very creative as she had not even set up before she had a crowd gathered around her shelter. Lina decided I should ask her over for a meal, so I went over and did. She gladly accepted, saying she would be over as soon as she could. Lina and Pelkie had grown close at the farm and I did notice that they spent a lot of time in the new garden.
We ate and the girls talked about plants and a few other things as I played with Mina, so they could talk without a man interfering. It seemed that many children were there this year and it wasn’t long before Mina had several new playmates. I stood and watched talking to the other parents there. When I talked with Ayreid, I found out that our new comer had been driven out of her home by townsfolk who were jealous of her abilities and did not understand that gnomes were kind helpful beings. She was looking to find a place to live, closer to the fields. The dwarves had volunteered to help and build a house as soon as she picked the spot. 
That gave me idea and I went over to chat with Tudabela, Bear’s wife. We had a long talk and she totally agreed with me and said she would get all the information and inform Bear. I would tell him what Lina decided, when I saw him at the farm. I noticed that the children had all gone to their shelters so I strolled back to ours smiling at my plan. Pelkie had left so I filled Lina in on my plan and right away she smiled and said she was all for it and had the perfect place. I listened to her idea. She told me that Pelkie had mentioned it to her as they chatted today and she would love to have a home near the garden. There were no large trees but there was a wooded corner that would be perfect for a house. I told her I would convey it to Bear as soon as I saw him so we could get it done as soon as he got the information he needed from his wife. 
We slept very well that night curled up in each others arms. I was woken by Mina nudging us and excitedly telling us about the dragons gliding over the clearing giving us a display of loops, fire and smoke. Most of them were new to me. I had only seen two till that night others had destroyed the castle. I assumed they had stayed or were back for this Gathering. 
We rose and watched their antics as they glided low over the field and soared high up. It reminded me of air shows I had seen before. There were three red, one blue, a very large green dragon and of course Myri was high above watching or directing them. They went on for a while with many exclamations of surprise and cheers for the young ones, watching. A major ooohhh! went up when a small black dragon, not much bigger than a modrow, swooped low around the clearing. Then as one they all glided over and we waved as they flew away toward the southern mountains. 
We ate and Mina was so excited by the display that we knew it would be hard to settle her down anytime soon but then am sure we weren’t the only parents with that problem. I would bet a few adults were a bit hyped up too as it was rare to see so many dragons together. I was sure if this was just the start, it would be a very exciting Gathering this year. I spent the day renewing friendships and catching up on the latest news, which focused around the new dragons. No one seemed to know their names yet but since they usually kept to themselves, that was no surprise. I knew the girls, Slamora and Vinall, could cook, but when I saw they had many baked goods, I had to try some. They were very delicious and I could not recall ever having such flaky pastries. They almost melted in my mouth. 
There was an area near the centre of the field where benches and tables had been set up for folks to get together and chat. It looked much like an open air coffee shop, with younger ones bringing the seated ones drinks and sweet cakes. I still had trouble grasping that everyone did all this for nothing more than a thank you. I chuckled when I thought of how lost a banker would be here. I sat and watched the children playing nearby. There were animals wandering around, and everyone was having a good time. I sat back and enjoyed the noise of people talking and exchanging ideas and pleasantries. I took the drink, when it was offered by a young female elf, and smiled as she told me that she had been wanting to talk to me, but had been too shy when I visited their village. I told her to sit and asked her what she wanted to talk about. 
She said she wanted to know what was outside the valley. Seems there were several young ones who were very curious about the outside world. I told her about my world and made sure to point out that what I was saying was only my view. She told me that she realized that and just had to know what the humans outside did. I told her about the cities and that we were destroying the planet slowly. Told her about the fact that till I had come here, I had never seen dwarves, elves, or any of the creatures here. They were always thought of as figments of the imagination and not real. We chatted about all the downfalls of humans, but I did make a point of telling her that not all humans were bad. Most people did try to do what they thought was right but with all the greed in the world, it was not easy making the changes that needed to be made. We chatted for what seemed a short time but when Mina came and interrupted our talk, we realized the sun had gone down and it was time to settle down for the night. I said goodnight as Mina pulled me by the hand, toward our shelter.
Lina asked if I had a good chat with my young friend. I said I had and it was then she informed me who I had been talking to, since I had never bothered to ask her name or anything. Seems she was Wenishee, the daughter of Alfwerdia, the elven priestess. After we ate, I walked down to the lake with Mina for a swim. Lina wanted to talk to Pelkie so she went her way and we went ours.
It was a long time before we got out of the water and made our way back to our shelter for another bite to eat and then we went to hear some music and dance a bit. Lina was already standing at the circle around the musicians and swaying slightly. I put my arms around her waist and swayed with her. She turned in my arms and we waltzed slowly around. Mina wanted to dance too so I picked her up and with her arms around our necks we waltzed on. The music varied from fast to slow but the three of us just danced slowly and very erotically. 
We were in our own little world when a loud shriek brought us back to reality. The music stopped and all looked to the darkened sky as Myri glided in and settled herself on the stone platform that was at the end of the field. Everyone moved to see her and hear what she had to say. Since it was unusual for the dragons to be here till the fire and blessings were given, we all wondered what was happening. Myri lay down so she would be close to us, as an equal, rather than a superior. She spoke softly, saying “My dear friends, we have had troublrd happenings in the outer world and others of our kind have come to join us. You have met one as she works along side you now. She is the gnome, Pelkie. I know you welcome her as you did Vold when he arrived. The others you saw this morning, as they displayed some of their abilities. I will now introduce them so you will know them by name.” As she said that, The large blue dragon landed beside her. “This is Baeldras, the Protector. He will help our Guardian watch the borders of our valley.”
We all cheered our welcome as he seemed to smile, as best a dragon can, as he rose up into the sky, to make way for a red dragon. “This is Firres, she will learn from me, how to welcome and help other newcomers adjust to this world.” Another cheer of welcome rose from our throats. She thanked us as she lifted off the platform and another red dragon landed. This one was slightly bigger and shot a flame into the sky as soon as he had landed. “This show off, is Moraytha, he will also help guard the valley and is the mate of Firres.” He bowed his head to us as we welcomed him, then sprang into the air. 
“While we wait a moment,” Myri said, “I will tell you all these fellow dragons have been here for quite a while and are only now ready to show themselves. They were not sure how you would react, although they were told often that all who came to live in peace were welcome.” Just then the huge green dragon landed and we all felt the ground shake slightly. This one was one and half times bigger than Myri. “This is Frindlass, she is a healer, but as you can see by her scars, she has been persecuted severely. Thus it is understandable that she has been timid to show herself.” 
We all saw the long dark scars on her sides and neck, and gave her a very loud and heartfelt welcome. I wiped a tear from my eye, that such a beautiful creature had been hurt was unthinkable to me. In my head I hear a new voice say, “Thank you, kind man.” I knew it was Frindlass. I smiled at her as she pushed up and spread her huge wings and flew off. I noticed a hole in one wing and wondered if that affected her flight. 
Myri went on saying, “That brings us to the last newcomer, Nickolaus, who, despite his size is very strong and willing to help any where he can. In time he will have a very important job. Oh! do not be silly little one, show yourself to these fine people.” Suddenly a small black dragon, came out of Myri’s shadow and smiled, as best dragons can, at us. We let out another loud welcome. He smiled and sprang into the air and flew barely above our heads, thanking us, before he was gone into the darkness. “Now you have met the new ones. I will let you continue your celebrations and we will all return at our usual time.” Myri lifted herself and flew off as the band started playing a tune that I recognized. I never realized that ‘An die Freude’ sounded so good on the lute and with flutes and drums. 
We danced and listened to Mina chattering excitedly about all the dragons but she really liked the little black one. She only stopped talking when we tucked her in and she fell asleep. Lina and I agreed that there would probably be a new friend around our home.


Chapter Thirteen

The next day all the talk was of the new dragons. Everyone seemed to agreed that they would be a good addition to our valley family. It was a nice way to describe our collection of humans and creatures here and I had to agree, that although we were so very different in our shape and thoughts, we were all family. 
A lot of sympathy was expressed for Frindlass, who had obviously gone through many battles. There was a fair amount of curiosity about little Nikolaus, as nobody had ever seen such a small dragon. He was small for a dragon, but was still large enough to carry off any creature if he chose too. That talk was all people spoke of this day. Even when young Wenishee returned, with a few friends, to talk more about things outside the valley, the dragons were mentioned and it amazed her that there were none in the world I had come from. I had to admit that in my time, man had forgotten his connection with Mother Earth and so few cared about the good things in life. All the beautiful and wise creatures had been driven into hiding in valleys such as this one. 
I did notice Lina was talking to everyone, informing them that her garden was open and inviting all to come to see it. She also informed them, that since there were few shelters for travellers, where they could find a ready bed, the dwarves agreed to build a stone house near the garden, to act as a second overnight travellers’ house. The first being the tower, of course. The new one would have a smaller kitchen but at least four rooms for sleeping. Pelkie had volunteered to take care of the ‘Garden House’, as she had started to call it. Lina was also trying to convince the dwarves and elves to set another guest house here, at the Gathering place or at least nearby so they would be evenly placed around the valley. 
Her idea was welcomed as the plan for three such places allowed for a full day’s travel between the houses. All I had talked to were impressed and if the three houses were built then travel would be much easier and more comfortable than sleeping on the ground. Many expressed interest in visiting the garden and were making plans for seeing it in the fall after the harvest work was done. Most of the day’s talk was either about dragons or Lina’s garden. Even the young ones who came to talk were more interested in my opinions of the newcomers than the outside world. I was glad, as I knew they were much better here, than outside the valley.
An idea had come to me and I would have to go and talk to the dragons, one in particular, about it when we returned home. I am sure it would be welcomed but I was not going to say anything till I spoke to the parties involved. Now was not the time. Now was time eat, dance and enjoy the ‘Alban Heruin’ celebrations. 
I found Lina and we started dancing with the others. It was a warm pleasant star filled night, perfect for the dancing with the woman I loved. Even our child got in on the dancing with a young friend she had met. Holding hands we circled the fire, swaying and chanting. Very few dancers were left when I picked up Mina and we returned to our shelter. We laid down and fell asleep almost immediately. Tomorrow was the last day and it too would be a long, but wonderful, night.
In the morning, I told Lina my idea. She was as enthusiastic about my idea as I had been and told me to talk to Myri when she came tonight. I said I would if it didn’t interfere with the celebrations at all, but think I should wait til we got home, and it was Frindlass I wanted to talk to, as it involved her.
With breakfast in my belly and pipe in my mouth I walked around just talking to others and looking at all the crafts available. We had no need of anything so I just wandered and chatted occasionally. The day went quickly and I had several young ones with me, when I went for my usual afternoon swim. We splashed and played for a while but the young ones got bored, so they went off and left me alone. I swam along the shore and checked the rope holding our boat. Then I got out and headed back to Lina, who I found making our meal. I didn’t realize I had been swimming for so long. After a bite to eat and a few kisses we were off with others and stocked wood for the fire. Then we did some dancing till it was time for the ceremony. 
When the shriek of notice came we parted for the lighting of the wood, but we were surprised when it was the blue dragon, Baeldras, that lit the bonfire. All the dragons gathered on the new stone stand that had been built for them. Myri was at the front and centre with the others on either side and Frindlass behind all of them but standing above all. 
Shandra gave the customary blessing as usual, then, as was her custom she retired and left us to dance the night away. Everyone circled the fire, swaying and chanting. I had grown so accustomed to everyone and everything as it was done here, any clothing that had been worn when we started dancing were now tossed to the side. As the night went on and couples moved away into the shadows, Lina and I danced on but we too moved off and embraced in a way, only true lovers do. We were caught up in passion and the deep love we had for each other. Making love till the sun rose, we only parted when Mina woke. 
We packed for our trip home, saying our farewells to friends who stopped by on the way to their homes. Many came to the water to see our boat, since it was a most unusual form of transportation here. Once we had packed our things in the boat, we boarded and set off following the shore as we had come, till we were sure to be away from the island. As we set course out to the middle of the lake and our cabin on the other side, I raised the sail and realized that a dragon had been painted on it. Mina got excited and repeated, ‘Frindlass’, many times. I looked at the picture and I had to admit it did resemble her, some of the stitching even looked like scars. 
A shadow passed over us as we sailed along. It was Frindlass. She spoke to me saying, “I have heard you wish to speak to me. We can meet when you arrive on land or do it now.” I told her to come to the cabin tomorrow and I would explain what I had In mind. If she didn’t mind waiting. She agreed and with a two strokes of her large wings, she was gone. I realized we had crossed the lake in good time and we could now see the cabin in the distance. It was late afternoon as the sun was low over the mountains. I suggested we go to the hot pool were we had met and Lina agreed that would be a nice way to spend the evening.
Mina dove in the water, when I took down the sail, so I quickly took up the oars and we raced to shore. Of course Mina won the impromptu race. I bowed to her in defeat as she giggled and demanded I become her horse as punishment for losing. Obediently, I got down on all fours and whinnied as she climbed on my back. We played for a while and I amazed myself, I felt like a child. I was not tired or even out of breath. Considering that in the outside world I was quickly approaching middle age and had always felt worn out, this seemed a miracle to me. In fact I felt better than I had ever felt. Even in my prime I had not felt so alive or energetic. 
I took Lina by the hand, leading her toward the hot pool. She objected, slightly. Saying something about putting things away, but she never pulled away. We walked with arms around each other as Mina ran up ahead. We dropped our coverings at the edge of the pool and slipped into the water and swam for a short time. Our daughter and Saki were playing at the edge as Celestia and Arion walked through the bush to say hello. We got out and greeted them. After a short chat they left and we returned to our swim, brushing against each other as often as we could. We swam to the far side from where Mina was. We embraced, kissed, exchanged words of love, and stroked each other all over. It did not take long before we were making love and moans and sighs were intermingled with the splash of water as we came together in our passion. After climaxing we lay together in a tight embrace. 
Mina and Saki were laying by our clothing asleep. I nudged Lina and suggested we get our daughter home. I picked Mina up and carried her in my arms as Lina carried our coverings and held my arm, with Saki walking behind us. The stars shone brightly overhead. It was a warm evening with not a breath of air moving. We heard bushes rustle around us but saw no one, I assumed it was the wolves or other creatures of the night. I lay Mina in our furs and we lay beside her and kissed more before Lina slept. I stayed awake a bit longer. Just long enough to see a dark shape walk in front of the window and launch itself into the air. I sent a goodnight to Nickolaus, who sent a goodnight back in my mind. 
Morning came early with the smell of food cooking. Lina suggested I go out with my coffee to wait for our guest to arrive. I lit my pipe, took the coffee and went out to see Mina, Saki and Nikolaus playing by the lake. Sitting in my chair to watch, I felt the rush of air and turned to see Frindlass land beside me. She was a big girl and she lay her head near the ground so I wouldn’t have to look way up at her. A very considerate creature. I greeted her, as she did me.
“I don’t like beating around the bush so will get right to the point, my friend,” I said, “How would you like to stay near the new garden house to help any travellers who need it and become the Guardian of the garden? If you agree to this, I know there is a cave very nearby that should suit your needs.”
Frindlass rose to her full seated height and I thought I saw a tear, but she turned her head for a moment and then looked down at me and said, “Yes, I would like that. I know the cave. It will suit me well. No human has ever called me friend, I thank you kind man. Why do you call me friend, when you do not know me? I feel you are frightened by my size, yet you do not move away. Can you explain?”
I stood up and smiled at her. Waving my arm to bring her head closer, I said, “You are very wise. I am a bit nervous because of your size, but I have learned that here all are friends. No matter if they are large or small. I was a stranger here not so long ago and am very grateful for all those who helped and befriended me. I know you have a good heart or you would not be here so I call you friend as that is the closest word I have for one who I know will hold a place in my heart always.” As I spoke the last words, I bent over, spread my arms as best I could to hold her snout, and kissed her nose. 
She rose in shock. Smiling as she spread her wings, she sprang up into the air and flapped up to the clouds above. As Lina leaned on my arm, we both felt a thought of much love from above us. We knew that there was now another dragon who had found a loving home, here in the valley, and, after all she had been through, she deserved to find peace in her big heart. Lina said she would go to the garden tomorrow to see that Frindlass was settled in. She also had to inform Pelkie what we had done. I agreed that Pelkie should know, but I was sure it would not be a problem. 
I was sitting down to finish my pipe and coffee when Sharazat came up and lay beside me, as he usually did when he came to visit. He smiled, which he seldom did. He told me he was very pleased with our dealings with Frindlass. He asked me what I knew about his kind. I had to admit, I knew very little, as his kind were only thought of as mythical, in the world I had come from. I asked him why he wanted to know. It was then he informed me that all his life he had never wanted or needed another near, but after seeing Lina and I and watching other couples he had a yearning to find a mate.
I asked him where he would find another griffin, and was informed that he already found one to share his life with and as soon as he was sure she would want him, he would let me know. I wished him the best and we went back to watching Mina play with her friends. Lina brought more coffee and sat beside me. She had a knowing but wicked smile. I knew better than ask when she smiled like that as she would not tell me about it till she was ready. I held her hand and kissed it as we sat back and enjoyed the sun and warmth of the day. 
The day was warm so we went for a swim. Deer and other animals passed by. All greeted us and just went on their way. We got out and lay on the grass, drying off in the sun. Mina had joined us when we started to watch clouds and determine their shapes. Time passed quickly. When Lina went to make the evening meal, I pulled our boat out of the water with Mina’s help. We talked about her dreams and many minor trivial things. She found a smooth red stone and quickly named it and added it to her collection in the chest I had made for her to carry her treasures. When Lina called us to come eat Mina ran ahead to hide her box under the bed. I stopped when dark shadow passed over. It was Zofiya and I greeted her, but there was no answer so I went in, and ate with my family. 
After eating we spent time playing our favourite game. We would sit still as one of us would run a finger over the back of another and we would try to guess what was being traced. Most of the time it was basic shapes but as we got better at guessing, animals or plants were drawn. Lina was the most sensitive and usually guessed right. She even got it right when I drew a car on her back. She did call it a self moving wagon but then it was close enough since she never saw a car.
Once the sun had set we sat outside and watched the stars. Although they knew all the constellations, I had not grasped them all and tried to remember which stars were which. The sky was so star filled, I could never get a grasp on all their names, or which went with which others. A very bright red one caught my attention. It was larger than the others and transited across the sky at least once a night. Some nights it was not visible but always stood out when it was. No one I talked to had known it’s name, even though they had all seen it. We all knew it was not the planet Mars as that only appeared over three full moons of the fall of the year and did not cross the sky as fast as this. When Mina dozed off in my arms, I picked her up and we went and slept on the furs. 
I sat smoking my morning pipe as Lina kissed me and said she was going to the garden. She was gone before I could suggest we all go. I decided to build a cold cellar for some of our food so grabbed my shovel and started to dig under the huge old oak behind the cabin. I was a few feet down and carefully going between roots so as not to damage the tree when I realized that Mina had her little shovel and was helping. Resting against my shovel I watched her dig away, when she turned and looked at me. “We not done, dig more,” she said. So with an exaggerated salute, I did as I was told, but asked her what she was digging. I was told this was her den, just as the wolves had shown her theirs. She wanted to have her own. 
We talked about the advantages and disadvantages, of a den over a cabin and she convinced me that a den was much better. I smiled and wondered what Lina would say about it. I am sure she would like the idea. She always encouraged Mina’s self expression. Guess I will have to find another place for the root cellar. We had just gotten a good hole dug when Lina returned and asked what we were doing. Mina looked up with her dirt covered face and said, “My home, mum.” 
Lina smiled and told us to wash up while she made our meal. I had not realized it was so late already. With no clocks or way to tell time, other than the sun, I had totally lost the concept of time. We obediently went and jumped into the lake to wash off. After getting the dirt off we played a little and then strolled up to eat.  I was anxious to know if Frindlass had settled in, so as we ate, I asked. Lina told me that Frindlass and Pelkie had everything well in control and the new building was under way to being completed. The dwarves had all the furnishings in the store house and the outside walls were almost done. The roof would be on before the snows came and it would be completed before winter was over. They also hinted that another would be done at the Gathering place before next summer had passed. 
After we ate we went to the hot pool to soak and enjoy the stars, among other things. It was very late when we finally returned to the cabin.  Mina was asleep well before we returned but she was so light I enjoyed carrying her with Lina holding my arm. On the walk back I was told that Sharazat had been around Frindlass when Lina was there. They seemed to be having a conversation but she had not understood what was being discussed, but it did seem serious. I could only wonder if it had anything to do with his statement to me the other day. Lina was thinking the same thing but we decided it was best to wait till we were told or knew for sure. 
We slept well that night, but I woke very early and went out to sit, so I wouldn’t disturb Lina. I lit my pipe and enjoyed the warm night air. The sky was starting to lighten up so I knew it would not be long before the sun showed itself over the mountains. I leaned back and closed my eyes to hear all the morning sounds as the birds and animals started to stir. I never heard Lina till she kissed my forehead and held me between my legs. Without letting me go she sat on my lap and guided me in our love making. We sat for what seemed a long time until Mina came out to find us. It never bothered her to wake alone as she knew we were never far away. 
Lina went to make breakfast and took our girl with her, leaving me to say hello to the animals passing in their morning search for food. The squirrels were busy stocking up for winter as were all the hibernating animals and they did enjoy the wild berries near the vineyard. As they passed they always stopped to nod their heads and say hello. It pleased me that all were so friendly and feared no one here. It was so different from the world I had come from. Here it was as my former world should be. Peaceful, friendly and all helped each other. No war, greed or need for people to put themselves above others. 
After eating I was about to enjoy a pipe when Sharazat came with what seemed to be a big smile. I asked how he was and he immediately told me that Frindlass had agreed to be his mate. I was a bit shocked and asked him if that was possible. He told me that I was thinking wrong again. He explained to me that not all mates search for their own species. If a couple have a mind to be together, they can be and offspring are not even a part of their thinking. I apologized for my small minded thinking and congratulated him and did hope he and his new partner would be happy together. He did say he was moving to be closer to Frindlass and hoped that it would not be a problem for Lina. 
Lina came as I called her and told Sharazat to ask her himself. Lina was overjoyed and assured him all would be fine as long as they were happy. With that he let out a terrify roar of what I assume was joy. He quickly said his goodbyes and streaked down the road south, leaving a cloud of dust drifting slowly into the trees. Lina and I hugged and agreed that it was a good thing that he was not alone anymore. We did wonder if there would be a binding ceremony but am sure they would be happy as others would be for them. 


Chapter Fourteen

The next months passed quietly. Winter came as usual and went with no major storms or surprise visitors. Spring arrived early and since Mina was old enough she helped her mother with the garden and helped serve food and drink to the many folks who dropped by to see the flowers and enjoy a meal at the eatery that Lina and Pelkie had set up. I was a bit surprised at how many folks had travelled just to see the new guest house and garden. Many birds had made their home in the trees so the air was always filled with their music. 
Sharazat was there in case someone wanted to get somewhere in a hurry, which was not too often but he also enjoyed giving the children rides around the garden or to the river. Frindlass was also nearby and enjoyed talking to and helping anyone who needed it. 
Pelkie was kept so busy she had little time to help with the garden, that had grown threefold from the one I had first seen. Sproi and Raythe were now there day and night, tending the plants. They seemed to really enjoy all the company and compliments. It became very rare not to see one or both working in the garden. 
I was busy working the fields and thankfully we had a river nearby for water as it was a very hot, dry summer. We had had two small sprinkles of rain over the moons before solstice and none after. With help from Azag, Dafeg and Ayreid, I rigged a water wheel to take water from the river and let it flow into the fields for irrigation. Once every full moon, at night so the road was not blocked by our wooden pipes, we flooded the field and then let it soak in to help the crops grow. This would give us enough grain to supply all who needed it and counted on it to survive the winter.
During my spare time, I enjoyed hearing others talk of old legends and history of their families and people. It was fascinating to hear of a world where elves and dwarves lived side by side with humans, before they were driven into hiding. Then again, it was like that here so I could understand that it was a peaceful time so very long ago and where they’d come from.
I had no stories of glorious events but all listened as I told them of machines that flew the skies and rolled on the ground so fast that they could circle the valley in less than half a day. I am sure many thought it was all fiction. I am very sure that is what the young ones who had started showing up at the field to hear me speak of my strange world, thought. I always made sure to tell them that it was much better here than anything there. I knew if one wanted to, there was a way to the outside but hoped they never decided to leave. They would be so shocked that I am sure it would adversely affect their young minds. 
The hot days went by like this, and always ended with an evening swim in the cool water. I had noticed that even the river was getting lower but this was normal towards the fall. I spoke to Ayreid about it and he had never seen a year as this one in the valley and was as bewildered as everyone by it too. There had been hot times but always rain came once a moon, if not more often. He could not explain the strange weather anymore than any one else I spoke with.
That is when I made up my mind to find out if it was the outside causing it. After talking with Lina for a very long time, and convincing her that I would be back as soon as I could, I took food and supplies for at least a week and headed for the tower. I suspected it would not be an overnight trip, but we had a right to know what was causing the heat wave. 
It was near midday when I arrived at the tower. I went to the top and called Myri. Without seeing her or saying what I wanted, she replied that she would be there to take me when the sun had set. It was too hot for her before then. I agreed since sweat was running down my face from just standing there. I went downstairs to bide my time and find a cool drink. Vinall brought a cool wine and we talked as we drank. It seems the centaurs were finding it too hot also. Any crops of vegetables they had would not make the winter, so they had begun hauling water from the lake. I suggested a wheel as we had for the fields to save them the carrying. She appreciated it and our conversation turned to the minor population explosion here. She had never seen so many small ones but was happy that they were here. 
We all knew the valley could only support so many but it would be a while before we reached that point. Night would be soon upon us and I wished her well as I took my leave. She knew something was up as she told me to be careful and return soon. I went upstairs to wait for Myri to come. It was still warm as the sun disappeared over the last mountain. I heard wings coming closer and then she was there. 
“You will not like what you see child, are you sure this is what you want to do?” Myri asked.
I told her, “I have to know why and if there is anything I can do to relieve the heat here. I cannot just sit by and do nothing.” 
“So be it Vold. Climb on and hold tight. I will put you down near the place you were taken from, years ago. It is not an easy trip and you will be asleep when you arrive, but call me and wait when you wish to return.”
I climbed up and held on as she rose into the sky. Turning to the west we sailed into the dark, star filled sky. The air grew cooler and darker as we soared over the mountains. I assume I fell asleep as I woke laying on lush green grass beside a babbling brook. I gathered my senses and pack. Strolling along the water, I headed downhill to find people and see what was happening in the world since I had left. 
In the distance I heard a helicopter and there was the faint sound of annoying all terrain vehicles. This was a wilderness area so no motor vehicle were allowed, when I had left. Now they were all over. I walked on to see if i could find some of those annoying people. It was not long before the roar of a quad drowned out all the sweet sounds of nature and suddenly it roared to a stop in front of me. The man on it wore a Forest Rangers uniform and waved at me to stop. I obliged.
He asked me if I had seen anyone else up here. It seems they were searching for someone who had been missing for a week in the woods. I told him I had not, which was true till I saw him. I asked who they were looking for and smiled when he told me that it was me. He said my name and the picture he had was clean shaven with short hair and I did not look anything like that now. He must have been suspicious as I asked many question, just to discover that only eight days had past here since I had left. We parted ways as he went on looking for the lost traveller who strolled back the way he came.
I found it strange that so little time had passed and suspected that I had been taken through time as well as the barrier. Any answers about the heat wave would not come from here. It was as I had left it. I needed to talk to Myri so went back up the mountain till I could no longer hear the noise of machines. I knew I should wait till nightfall to contact Myri.  I waited till the sun started to set. Then I called and knew that I may have to wait some time before she came. I laid with my head on the pack to wait. 
Dawn was just breaking as I saw the red dragon circle down to me. Greeting Firres I asked her where Myri was. I was told she was too weak to make the trip so soon after the last one. Firres told me it was due to the heat and her advanced age. I asked if she could take me to Zofiya as I needed to talk to her about our weather, but was told I would have to call her and hope she would come. Again I was told I would sleep through the trip home. 
I climbed on her back and got a good grip. We were well above the trees when I felt a sharp pain. Seconds later the sharp distinct crack of a rife was heard and I knew what had happened. I asked Firres if she was alright and got an affirmative answer. It was hard to penetrate a dragons scales. Soon after it was full darkness and I must have blacked out. My next recollection was of Lina caressing me and my leg burning. 
She gave me a drink and it was not long before the pain felt no worse than a bee sting. Looking down I saw my lower leg wrapped in white linen with a red spot showing on the outside. I asked Lina how long I was out and she told me, and in a very firm voice and in no certain terms, that I was not to leave for the outside world again. I had been unconscious for two days and with the help of Frindlass, she and Lusherina had removed the bullet and stopped the bleeding. I was to rest and not do anything till my bone had healed, as the bullet had pierced and broken it. It seems that although the bone was broken Frindlass had gotten it together and in time it would heal properly. For now though I was to rest and let my body heal. I was given a crutch to support myself when I was strong enough to get up but that was a while off she said. 
It felt strange laying in the bed. We had never used it before. There was no room for two so it would be strange sleeping apart but if it meant getting better, I would tolerate it but laying here all day was not what I would put up with. Every time I was alone I tried to stand, carefully and with the help of the crutch. I found I could stand and hobble a short few steps without much pain. This is how I passed my days, with Mina and Lina seeing to my every wish and fussing way too much. 
A week passed this way and I was restless so I made my way outside to sit by the lake. I was pleased that I had to use the crutch less everyday. I sat and smoked my pipe when suddenly the air was filled with many words, inquiring what I was doing out of bed and running around the country. Without turning I told Lina that I could not stay in bed forever and I felt good enough to get fresh air and see the world again. Although she had sounded upset, I knew she was glad I was up and around. I pulled her down on my lap and gave her a long kiss, even though it pained my leg a bit, I would not show her. We kissed as a gust of air brushed over us.
Frindlass landed and looked me over. She smiled and said, “It is healing well, you will be well enough to travel in another seven sunrises. Zofiya will meet you at the unicorn meadow on the night of no moon. Till then you rest and heal child.” With that she spread her wings and sprang into the air and was gone. 
I did not argue when Lina helped me back to the cabin and directed me to my bed. I protested and told her I wanted to sleep with her in the furs as we always did. She let me lay on them with very little protest and I played with Mina as Lina prepared the meal. I had not realized the day had passed so quickly. After we ate we settled and watched the stars till we fell asleep in each others arms.
Over the next days my leg grew stronger and in a week I was almost back to my old self. We travelled to the fields and home, but my mind was curious as to why Zofiya wanted to meet at the unicorn meadows. I would find out soon enough as there were only a few days before the meeting now so I made some feeble excuse about being too sore after the walk so I could stay at the house instead of travelling to the cabin. I wanted to be close to the meadow. My leg was better but still got a twinge of pain after a long walk. Lina gave me a potion to ease the pain. I have no idea what she made it from but it worked very well. 
It was strange that after all this time watching and listening to Lina make and mix potions, that our daughter knew more about them and their names than I did. Mina learned quickly as she absorbed all she was told and saw. Maybe it was because I was so old and set in my ways but no matter why, I did love the woman and girl in my life.
Lina kissed me as I left for the meadow. I knew she wanted to come. She watched until I turned north toward the meadow and disappeared from view. It was not a hard walk but it took long enough for the sun to set and the moonless sky to light up with stars. Not a cloud in the sky and it was still warm, when it should have cooled by now. This late in the seasons it should be cool enough to wear furs when travelling at night. I could only hope that Zofia had some answers to what was causing the heat wave and if there was anything to be done about it. 
She was waiting as I entered the meadow. We didn’t bother with any formalities and she told me that she had seen many times and eras but only one was causing the prolonged heat wave here. Since the valley was out of time with all the eras its inhabitants were from, they all contributed to the weather here. One was growing warmer faster than it should and had to be sealed off from the valley or the heat wave would get worse. “It is your era that has brought the heat. All the dirt they throw into the air and destruction of the planet has brought the temperature up. Even a minor increase affects us here. In time it will destroy all you have known. I would have blocked it long ago but I needed to know your true feelings Vold. So my child, if you ever wish to return there, now is the time to speak. What have you to say?” 
“My life is here Guardian. Lina would not be happy elsewhere and neither would I. I will never leave her or my sweet child, Mina. Do what you must to save this precious valley. I have no reason to return to what I used to know and barely remember. Thank you Zofiya. It will be nice to see and feel the cool evenings again.” I told her, with a firm determined voice. 
“So be it,” she replied, “Now return to your woman, she worries about you and is waiting for your return. Do not keep her waiting. When the moon returns all will be as it was. Slan agus beannacht leat.”
I returned her wish of wellness and goodbye as she soared up and away. Then smiling I turned for home. I set foot on the road and saw Lina, standing there waiting. I held her and kissed her. “Let us go home to Mina,” is all I said. We walked back holding hands and not saying a word. Lina had heard all, and I was sure that Zofiya had done that on purpose. I did not mind as it saved me the trouble of telling her. We walked arm in arm, not saying a word. We knew each others thoughts well enough. When we arrived home, I thanked Pelkie, for watching over Mina. Shortly after a drink of hot tea, we laid down and slept. It was a good sleep. My mind was at peace. 
In a couple of days the weather cooled and all was back to the way it should be. I had told Ayreid about my discussion with the Guardian and he treated me as if I had changed the weather on my own and no matter how I argued with him, he would not change his mind. I let it go and hoped it would soon be forgotten. He must have told everyone because all were shaking my hand when we met and had very broad grins on their faces. They said nothing other than usual greetings but it was obvious they were thinking it. I was just glad that things were back to the way they should be. It was near harvest time. The cooler weather was nice. 


Chapter Fifteen

Harvest went quite well. It seemed to go quickly with all the help that came out, now that the days were more tolerable. Even Ayreid admitted that never had so many come to help. We spent days just directing the picking and storage of the crops. It was not the biggest we had ever had but it was enough for winter. None would suffer as we had thought they may. Seshi was grinding wheat as fast as he could now that it was coming off the field. He was white from head to toe and packing bags with flour or carrying sheaths, whenever we saw him. Always grinning and still had time to pull his pranks. 
One time he filled a bag with rocks and gave it to one of the smallest elves to bring to store room. He laughed so hard as the poor boy struggled to pull it along. Even his dwarven friend had trouble moving it. I have to admit, I too laughed as it was obviously not flour, with all the bulges showing under the canvas. The boy was not amused at first but then he too saw the humour and laughed, but checked every bag before taking it after that. 
Mina was in the fields daily, not to help as much as singing along with everyone as we worked. There were many different songs being sung by the workers but they all blended together, so the work went quickly and easily. Long days ended in sitting by a campfire and all listening to or telling tales of the past. In all the stories none told of war or battles. It was good to hear about how everyday events had become legends and from them heroes were born. I was asked about my world but never knew what I could say that would make sense to anyone. That was before I realized, it did not matter. They just wanted to hear about the strange world that only knew basic animals and humans. 
We finished and held a celebration of sorts in the garden. There was music, dancing and many stories told. It lasted for two full days and on the last night, I made my farewells and thanked all for the help. Lina and I slipped off for a long pleasant walk to the cabin. With Mina in hand we walked and talked about the events of the year. When talk came to my sacrifice, I assured Lina again that it was no sacrifice as I all I needed and wanted was here. I had no reason to return to a world that was destroying itself. We stopped at the hot spring to sit and listen to the crickets and night birds sing. 
Mina lay beside us and fell asleep to the tune of a very sweet sounding peacock. He was on the rocks across the pond singing his sweet tune, one I have never heard before. With Lina’s head on my shoulder and my arm around her we listened as it seemed the whole forest did. He sang till his mate appeared and they flew off into the trees. I nudged Lina as I stood and picked up our daughter and we walked slowly to the cabin for a well earned rest from the week’s work. 
I woke before the sun and sat outside for a smoke and to watch the beautiful red, yellow and orange sunrise over the mountains. Just as the sun peeked above the peaks, Nikolaus flew in circles above me and just said, “She is gone, our dear friend has gone.” I noticed his eyes were glistening with moisture just before he flew off to the west. I sat there stunned when Lina came out. She too had heard him as he spread his thoughts to all within range of his mind. I held my wife tight and we both somehow knew that a sweet dragon had passed. It was then we heard a low, mournful, rumbling sound coming across the valley from the south east corner. Where the dragons dwelt. 
No one had to tell us, Myriansinta, was no longer with us. The mourning of the dragons was the only sound in the valley but we knew everyone was shedding tears and mourning the loss of such a beautiful creature. I had no idea how dragons held funerals but was determined to honour my dear friend as best I could. My family and I spent the day in remembrance of Myri and how she had helped us all at one time or other. The dawn of the new day brought the saddest sight I had ever seen.
The dragons’ mourning grew louder as we looked toward the southeast and saw the sky fill with dragons and other flying creatures. Above them was Zofiya and below her flew Myri. She was held by others. Two supported her wings open as if she was gliding herself. Frindlass held her body from above, as others supported her head and tail. I wasn’t sure of who the others were as they had come from outside the valley and with tear filled eyes it was hard to see. Suddenly a mourning cheer entered our minds, the sound is hard to describe but it filled our very souls, as the flying procession came over us. Lina, Mina and I too joined the chorus till it seemed there was no mind not connected. Not a sound could be heard by the ear but all was loud and sorrowful in the minds of all in the valley. 
As they slowly flew over the lake, I saw that the fairies island was glowing brightly with a soft yet very bright white light. As it passed over them, they all flew up and lit Myri in the light and she glowed so bright, it was hard on the eyes. They settled her down in the Gathering area and then one tearful voice said, “My mate will lay here for all to say their goodbyes. In two days we will put her to her final rest.” That could only have been Thoragia. We saw dragons flying in a circles over the clearing. A small circle at the lower level and each circle was larger than the next, but all were filled from head to tail with creatures of all shape and colour. It seemed as if they had created a tornado of bodies as they circled. 
Lina had already started to get things ready for the trip. I prepared the boat with Mina’s help. We would set out at first light of the next day. Neither Lina nor I had ever known a dragon who had passed. We were very sad but curious too, about their funeral rites. Lina had made it clear to me, long ago that she wanted to be buried in her garden, but she never wanted anyone to know exactly where so the whole place would be her grave site. I had wanted Myri to spread my ashes over the valley but would now hope that another would do it for me when the time finally came. 
We talked of death and what may or may not lay in front of us till the sun set. The night was filled with a restless sleep for all but Mina. She slept straight through till just before dawn. Then she was at us to get going. The sky started to brighten as I pushed the boat in the water. With Mina in the bow holding the dragon’s neck we quietly crossed the lake. We saw what looked like millions of birds, butterfly's and many flying creatures, all going in the same direction. I was sure it would be a very crowded clearing when we arrived. 
We glided past the fairy island much closer than we would have normally, but something told me it was fine. We had no intention of disturbing any of them. I tied up the boat and we walked through the trees to the entrance were Firres was greeting all and thanking them for coming to show their respect. I could not help but compare this to the few human funerals I had been to. Only my mother’s funeral had affected me as this one has. Yet this seemed along the same lines with the exception of the flowers. There were no picked flowers anywhere. 
People and creatures were everywhere, talking quietly or just swaying slowly as they looked to the dragons pedestal, where Myri lay. Thoragia sat at her head, with head raise to the sky, roaring his grief every few minutes. Moraytha was to the right and Baeldrasto her left. Behind her was Frindlass issuing very quiet but clear, sad roars. Above them all stood Zofiya, with wings stretched out as if to shield Myri from the sun. The air was filled as the circles of dragons continued circling above them all. Among them I now saw griffons and bird like creatures I assumed were wyverns, but I could not be sure as I had never seen one in person. I looked for Sharazat, but he was not in sight. The base was totally ringed by fairies. All glowing white and holding hands.
Unicorns and Centaurs were mingled with all the elves and dwarves. The whole of the valley seemed to be here. They came in, went to the pedestal to bid farewell to their good friend and then talked with others a bit before they left. We followed and said our good byes. I touched one of her claws, as the fairies parted to allow it, and tearfully told her I would miss her. “You will see her again in time. She spoke fondly of you human. She waits us all in the next rebirth,” were the words of Thoragia, as he looked down at me. I forced a smile at him as I could not say anything. 
We moved to one side to allow others to bid farewell. As we passed through the crowd we greeted and spoke briefly with those we knew and many we had not met before. We had not gone far when Shandra and the coven came to the centre of all and a circle was formed for them. She looked around and spoke,
“Let there be peace in the East, so let it be.
Let there be peace in the South, so let it be.
Let there be peace in the West, so let it be.
Let there be peace in the North, so let it be.
Let there be peace through all the Worlds. So let it be.
We gather in peace, soul to soul, within this sacred place and with clear intent, on this the day. We stand in the eye of the Sun and upon this hallowed Earth, so to witness the sacred Rite of Passing for Myriansinta. Together we come to honour her, who—in body– has left our company. Let us now weave our circle, that the spirits of those who are gathered here may be blended in one purpose, one voice and one sacred space.
Spirits of the high skies that guide us to stretch and grow; gentle lord of the sun, distant stars, ancestral light; cloud folk who paint such art above us; breath of life, soft breeze and chasing winds; feathered folk who know the dance of freedom upon the wing.
Spirits of the dark earth that holds and feeds us; mud of our lands, rich and fertile soil into which we so deeply root; rocks and stones, gems of the earth, you who give us stability underfoot; trees and plants, creatures four footed and two.
Spirits of the open seas that wash and shape the shores of these lands; meandering rivers, guiding our direction, birthing springs of new life, deep still pools holding us upon our journey; you of the tidal waters, emerging and receding, blood and rain, swimming, diving.
Spirits of this place, power of nature, who you offer us the breath of life, the fire of passion, the sweet taste of love, the ground upon which we walk, know that you are honoured here. Let us feel your presence, let us share the awen.
Death is merely that place where souls are detained only long enough to be sained with the purifying smoke, fanned by the white wings of the sacred winds, until they are whiter than the swans of the songs, whiter than the seagull of the waves, whiter than the snow of the peaks, whiter than the pure love of heroes. Death is no oblivion, but a journey through cleansing, healing and change. We will meet again those whom we have loved. Such is the law of existence.
So do I call to the guide and Guardian of the dead, you who ride the night with the wild hunt, Gathering the souls of the departed, leading them along the hidden ways to Annwn, the place is no place, where they will rest after the struggles of this life, nourished and healed for their journey of rebirth.
Guide well the soul of Myriansinta on that journey of the setting sun, through the darkness of night to the place of peace.
May those who have gone before prepare a joyous welcome among their company in that blessed land, far beyond the shores of this world. May understanding grow there with the stories told, may nourishment be found in the food of angels, with remembrance of love and the soul’s release into perfect freedom. So may it be.” 
In unison we all repeated ‘So may it be’ and with that they bowed their heads and walked back to their area. 
Again we moved toward the entrance to make room and head back home. The sun was ready to set soon. We stopped at the boat to eat a meal when a voice in my head said, “Thank you child. Watch the sky tomorrow night, at the passing of one day to next.” I knew it was Zofiya who spoke but what I would see was a mystery. She said no more so I never asked. I would see, soon enough. 
After we had eaten, we rowed quietly home in the darkness, a gentle breeze blew us quickly across the lake. Mina slept soundly in the bow, so when we arrived home I carried her into the cabin, before I took my pipe outside in my chair. I looked out across the water, tears again filled my eyes and I was filled with sorrow, even though I knew we would meet again. A feeling came over me and I thought of others I had met, who were now gone from this world. Then I remember one that reminded me of Myri, even though she was human, all her actions and talk mirrored Myri. I could only wonder if dragons could shift forms and interact with us. I shook the thought from my mind, wiped tears from my eyes. 
Lina sat beside me as we watched the glow across the lake. Soon the night gave way to the day and we talked about Myri and how it would seem strange without her soaring above us all. Mina woke and joined us, we ate and played a bit but we were not into having a good time. A few young fawns and the bear cub came and kept Mina occupied as we sat and looked out across the lake. Children take death differently than adults do.  It was good that they did, or so I thought. Mina would feel it differently when she grew up but I hoped that would not be too soon.
The day went by and after we put Mina to sleep, Lina and I sat outside in the cool night air to wait for the new day. The moon was almost overhead when we saw a bright white glow rise from the Gathering place. Obviously Myri’s body. It rose straight up and was a beautiful but sad sight. In silhouette, with the moon behind her, she spread her wings to full and flames from many other dragons set Myri on fire. She did not fall to the ground I thought she might but she hovered in the flames for a few minutes then all went dark again. The moon made it bright enough to see if a body fell but none did. She was just gone.
I held Lina as we both shed more tears for our dear friend. Silently I thought, “Goodbye my sweet teacher. We will meet again.”


Chapter Sixteen

It had been seven nights since we said our farewells to Myri and things were returning to their normal pace. We had sent out all the supplies to the others and ere just shutting things up at the store houses and our house at the field. Even Seshi was playing his pranks again. I had just come out of the store house after checking the wagons, when I noticed a cloud of dust coming from the north. As it came closer I saw it was a group of unicorns, racing along at a furious pace. At least it looked like a race with them running at such a breakneck speed. 
I watched and silently hoped that if it was a race the one a neck behind the leader would pass and win. Then I was prejudice, since it was Arion. They all flew past me and stopped at the bridge. They turned and walked back to where I was still brushing dust off. Arion looked at me and asked if I had enjoyed their display. I said yes, and asked if it was a regular thing for them as I had never seen them race before. 
Arion, said, “No we do not always but we are having a Gathering and many friends and new unicorns will be there. You and Lina are more than welcome to come see. You must bring Mina too of course.”
I told him we would be happy to come and see. He said it would last several days but the last day was the best and that will be at the new moon. We should come then. With that they were off at full gallop again toward the north and their pasture. I watched till they were lost in the dust, then strode back to tell Lina about our invitation.
She was excited about going to watch, so we put off our plans to head for the cabin till after we had seen the celebration. This would be another first. Unicorns had a tendency to keep to themselves, except on rare occasions, so it must be very special that we had been invited to watch. Mina was more excited than we were to see and she wanted to hurry there right away, but we convinced her that waiting a couple of days would be better. It was a very quiet two days with much speculation as to what unicorns did to celebrate.
On the morning of the day we were to go, we were all up early and started our walk before the sun rose so we could spend the whole day there. Lina had packed our supplies and with them in my back pack and a couple of furs rolled as sleeping bags, I joked about looking like a soldier, but did not get a chuckle as I had hoped I would. Then, I should have known better. There were no soldiers here and none who had ever seen them had ever had a good experience. I made a mental note to never speak of anything war related.
We arrived at the shelter by the empty pasture. We set our things in the shelter, as we would spend the night there before leaving at the next dawn. Then we found a good place to sit and wait. Of course Mina was so active she insisted we play tag with her and Saki. We played for a short time when several unicorns came out and with them were many small colts. Some had very small white horns and others only a stub like bump, but it was obvious their horns were coming. 
The little ones jumped and ran around playing when one, smaller than the rest, came over and nudged Mina. She touched it’s neck and it snuggled its head against her. It was a beautiful bright white with a stub of a horn. Mina hugged it and a large grey unicorn came over and said, “I see you have a very special child. I am Marianto’s mother, Sorianto. Your child has bonded with mine. They will be bound for life. Arion told us you would be here and none have objected. You know that you may not participate, just watch. I am sure you will be told afterword, if any explanation is necessary.” 
I assured her Mina would stay close and we would not interfere in any way. We would only watch, nothing more. She nodded her head as she turned to rejoin the others. Mina and Marianto played and seemed to be chatting till Sorianto called her and all left the field. Soon after, as dusk started settling, several, about twenty, darker coloured unicorns entered in double file. They held their heads high as they spread out equally, as if they were guards. They were shortly followed by so many others, I could not count them. They were of all colours and shades. They spread themselves around and blocked any view of what was happening in the centre. 
A quick look around and I saw a tree nearby that would allow us a view above them all so I boosted Mina up and Lina behind her and we got comfortable in our perch. We could see all in the clearing now and the unicorns stood still, looking to the far side as Arion and Celestia walked in together and to the centre of the blessing. They also turned and looked to the entrance as a very bright, almost glowing, white unicorn, with a fully white horn slowly walked to them.
All reared on back legs till she was in front centre of them. Then they put one leg down, as if to bow to the white unicorn. She was obviously a mare and I assumed their queen or leader. I wasn’t sure what they called the top unicorn but it all looked like a very old and serious ceremony. Mina gave out a couple of gasps. She loved when the small ones came galloping in and surrounded the white mare, who seemed to talk to each one. After a moment, they kicked up their heels and ran off, back into the woods. When she got to the last one, the smallest one,  Marianto, she turned her head to us and slowly walked to us. 
She asked that Mina be lowered to her and I obliged and lowered her to the ground. They communicated but only between themselves and Mina curtsied and asked that I boost her again. I did and then the mare looked at me and said, “I am called Songertaria, the elder. You have been granted a great gift human. That is because of your special child. I thank you for bringing her to let me see her. Please do not tell anyone of this Gathering. We prefer our privacy.” 
She nodded her head as I thanked her for allowing us to see their Gathering. I also assured her it will never be spoken of outside those who are here. She turned to go back but stopped and looked back saying, “The fairies watch over Mina and hers will be a long and happy life. Take care Vold, you have another path to walk.” She then went back to the rest and they all started prancing and jumping, around her. They carried on like this for a long time. 
It was a wonderful display and I noticed that a few dragons circled high above. To keep unwanted watchers away I assumed, as occasionally they dove down along the road. As night went on and it was near changing of the day, the horns of all the unicorns started glowing. They glowed brighter and brighter till a spire of light shot into the sky. Resembled a horn as it spiralled up to a peak. It was a very beautiful, stirring sight. Horns held high and prancing gave way as couples started moving away into the forest. Only one or two at first, then more and more. Their horns lost the glow as they entered the woods. Soon only there were three left. The elder with Celestia and Arion. They slowly went out together. We had climbed out of the tree as many started to leave the pasture so Mina would not fall asleep and out of the tree. 
I tucked her in and Lina and I lay there talking quietly about all we had seen and what it had meant. We agreed that it was a very marvellous display and we were lucky to have seen it. After making love, Lina slept in my arms, but I lay thinking about what Songertaria had said about my future. I knew Mina’s future, but always thought I would live here for many years with no more big adventures. After some time I too dozed off.
In the morning we went home with a unicorn escort. Marianto walked with us or rather with Mina. Arion and Celestia escorted her to be sure she did not get lost. We walked and talked about the Renewal ceremony, as Arion called it. It only happened every ten winters. They gathered to breed with others, so lines would remain pure, otherwise unicorns kept to themselves or in small groups of four or five. It was the only way they could be safe in a world of humans. Many of course now lived in places outside of human reach but there were others. 
Arion told me that there were stories of unicorn herds that numbered in the thousands but that was long before man had taken over and hunted them because he thought they were magical creatures. Man had a silly thought that the horns would give them eternal life, but they did not. I had to admit that is the superstition I had grown up with. I was very happy that at least here they were not hunted. I also learned that here, there were twenty unicorn. The rest had come from other safe areas with Zofiya’s help. The Elder travelled between all areas at her will to oversee the celebrations, but lived in none. The ceremony was a blessing for the young and the only way they met others, for news about what was happening outside the valley.
Arion explained that the horns glowed as they did because they were all together and it was a signal to any others who had not made it to the Gathering. A sign that they were not alone or forgotten. What I had seen was all the unicorns left, he believed. There may be one or two still in man’s world and they were with people who knew and loved them. They were safe and would join the others once their human passes to the next life. It was good that they were invisible to all who did not believe.
We arrived at the house and said our farewells to the unicorns. Lina and I picked up our things and headed for the cabin after a quick visit and meal with Pelkie, who said she had been busy with travellers. It seems they were kept from using the road north by dragons. She asked how our trip was, and we told her it was very pleasant and eventful, but told her no more. She knew we had gone to see our unicorn friends and assumed that was before the dragons happened to close the road to all. 
As we crossed the bridge, Seshi popped up and asked if we had seen those crazy dragons who had blocked the road. We chuckled and told we had seen them above but we got through with no trouble. I tried to assure him that they must have had a good reason as they do not play pranks. He seemed to take offence to that comment and went back into his house mumbling about the strange happenings. We continued on to the cabin, with no more meetings and settled in again. 
That night as I sat with my wife and child, watching the heavens above, Lina snuggled close as she sat on my lap and asked if I wanted another child. I asked her how far along she was, since I had noticed small changes in her behaviour and it made me wonder if she was pregnant. She said it has only been a couple of moons and it was Pelkie who had told her but since then, Lusherina, had confirmed she was carrying a child. 
I held her close and gave her a very long passionate kiss. With a large grin on my face I asked if she knew the sex too, but got a curt reply, that it was too early to tell. I said, “No matter my love. It will be loved as it was created. With all the love we have.” After much holding and kissing, I carried a sleeping Mina to bed and then we made love till the sun rose in the sky. We only stopped when Mina came in and asked if she could get her morning meal. 
I never knew I was capable of doing that for so long but I felt I was getting younger not older. Even my grey hairs were all gone and my hair and beard were all black again as they had been in my younger days, but I still had my receding hairline. With all the work and walking, I was again in the best shape of my life. I could not run to the corner store for smokes, so my twice daily pipe ritual was the only vice I had, my lungs were stronger and I felt much better. I knew I could run again and did often, just for the heck of it. Surprised myself one time when I ran from the cabin to the fields and Sharazat had told me to slow down. Seems I was running too fast for his walk but not fast enough for his trot, it seems. 
After the morning meal as I sat smoking, Celestia had come to see Lina. They went off to walk and talk as Mina and I took a swim in the cool water. Winter was coming as the water was cooling and trees were changing colours. The morning air was cooler too. I made sure we had all we needed as did everyone since the big storm. No one wanted to be caught short. The harvest had been what one would call average or as we say here, sufficient for all. Out of habit, I checked our storage, to be sure we had what we needed. Lina returned alone. She told me that Celestia was with child too and just wanted to pass on the news. 
I joked about a baby boom, so we may have to enlarge the valley. Again I was chuckling alone. Suddenly, I had a thought and told Lina that I needed to find out how the population was growing and what would be done when it got so the valley could not support everyone. I was sure there had to be others thinking about it. Even though it would be many winters before that would happen. I packed a bag and said my farewells, telling her I would be back in a couple of days, but I needed to know what would happen, so I had to find out how the population was growing.
First stop would be the centaurs as they were closest. Since Slamora and Vinall were head of their people, I sought them out. They were in the field as if waiting for me and we exchanged pleasantries. Then I asked them how many new children had been born over this year. I was told only five this year but over the last few years more and more had been born. In the time I had been in the valley their population had grown by a quarter. Occasionally some left but only one in my time here. Seems more wanted to stay these days but there was lots of room for all.
I agreed that for now there was more than enough space for everyone. I thanked the girls and bid them farewell. I could tell that there would be no population problem here. Not for a long time at least. As I walked north to the elven village, I wondered if I was worrying too soon or too much. It would not hurt to find out for sure so I walked on and reached the village just after dark. Ayreid met me and we sat to eat and talk. 
Ayreid admitted that they would have to build more houses because of the, what he called small, population boom. The elves had seen their population double over the last five years and he was also thinking ahead as none had ever left the valley, although a couple did leave the village to live in the forest higher up on the mountains west of here.
We chatted more and agreed that we would talk more about this before the next Gathering. I slept but woke early and set out to the dwarven village. Wenishee caught me before I reached the entrance. She smiled and handed me a breakfast sandwich, which looked more like a very large burrito than anything else. “You need to eat”, was all she said. I thanked her, wished her well and walked on as I ate. I passed the new house at the Gathering place, before midday. It looked fine and large. I continued on as I doubted the witches had any children, but made a note to ask when I saw them next. You never know. 
It took all day to reach the dwarven town. Dafeg was sitting outside so I went up to him and after pleasantries we went to a quiet corner to talk. He admitted that more children had been born in the last five years than all the others years since they had been here. It was not a problem as they only expanded the existing caves to accommodate the children, but in a couple of years they would need to dig more. 
Dafeg’s wife, Mazino brought us drink and food. We ate and continued our talk about why I was looking into how many were in the valley. He was surprised that no one had done a census before and we both agreed that the dragons and Guardian were probably aware of how many were here. There was little, if anything that got past them.
It was late and I slept restlessly again, as I always did when Lina was not beside me, so I got up early. There was a small bundle on my pack, with food and drink. I smiled as left the village before sunrise. I knew the unicorns had many but also that they did not all belong here so I saw little point in stopping there but knew I should anyway. 
Arion was waiting for me on the road when I arrived at their pasture. He walked with me as we talked and he did inform me that three young ones belonged to his blessing. Soon another would join them. I congratulated him on his new one. He was worried about what would happen when they all grew and where they would expand to. He had never had a blessing with so many in it but he was determined to keep his group together. I inquired if he couldn’t expand toward the mountains as there seemed a lot of room with a large forest that way. 
He told me that he had already looked at that and would go that way as long as he could but the fields and clear area to the south restricted them. Unicorns like a lot of space to themselves, so I told him we could do something about that too. The fields did not take much room and it would be many seasons before all were in full use again. As far as the empty space was concerned we had lots between the rivers so anyone who needed it could move there. We could also plant many trees to the south up to the fields to enlarge his forest. 
Arion liked the idea and would leave it in my hands. I promised that I would do all I could. We realized we had reached the fields then and he turned and went back to the pasture after we bid farewell. I went to the garden and found Frindlass surrounded by others so I went to the house to have a meal and wait till I could speak to her alone. 
I must have dozed off, as next thing I remember is a voice in my head telling me to come out and speak. I went out and there was Frindlass. I sat on the bench and greeted her but before I could ask anything, she told me that the dragons only had one new birth in the last five years and yes as I had thought, it was my presence that brought a calm and relaxation that caused the growth of the population. My idea to expand the forest for the unicorns was already underway and in a couple of seasons we would not recognize the area between their pasture and the fields. 
Frindlass also stated that by reading all thoughts they knew who was here and what everyone wanted. They would do what is best for the valley as we were their children and they always took care of their own. We chatted a bit more and then I thanked her, got my pack and headed for home as the sun came over the mountains.


Chapter Seventeen

The winter came gently and snow fell in a soft blanket of white as the solstice approached. We spent our days playing with Mina and making plans for a new child. I built a crib that we could keep close. I had acquired a few tools and built some furniture as I taught myself woodworking, using any branches or fallen trees I found in my journeys around the valley. Lina had thought I was getting fire wood at first, but I saw that all the dead fall was good for more and in a short time she had seen it too. I seemed to use everything and we seldom had anything that was unusable and even that made good fuel for the fire. 
Lina was not getting as big with this child as she had with Mina, and Lusherina had been over to see her several times already. I sensed something was wrong but Lina always told me not to worry. Silly thing to tell a man who cared for his wife and child. We talked and I could see she was in occasional pain, but she kept telling me it was normal. Somehow I knew it was more, as she did not behave this way when carrying Mina.
Since I could get little from Lina, I talked to Lusherina, who told me that she was worried about losing the child. Lina was healthy but she had seen the signs before and very seldom was the child delivered alive. She told me that she had Sharazat and Frindlass on stand by, so if anything happened, I only had to call Frindlass and she would be back as fast as Sharazat could run. I thanked her and went back to my wife.
I had made a rocker she could use inside and took over meal preparation to ease her work load, which I had always thought was too much. The next few days were tense and on the night of the solstice it happened. We had gone to bed but Lina was tossing and turning in pain. Saying over and over that she would be fine, but I knew I needed help so in my mind I sent a message to Frindlass. She said they were on their way.
Lusherina strode in, without a knock and told me to get out in a very stern voice. I did as I was told and took Mina to wait outside. It seemed a very long time before she came out and told me she would be back in the morning but for now Lina needed me, as she had lost the child and would need comforting. I knew that it would hard on her and I had to be there for her. I wiped a tear from my eye and went in. 
We spoke very little. Holding her I sat beside the crib which Mina rocked gently and just held Lina in my arms, occasionally kissing her softly on her head. She was humming an old lullaby and crying. Once in while she said she was sorry but all I could tell her was that it was not her fault. I felt another there but was unsure who. It was as if Lina was talking to another, I let it go as I knew there was much I still did not understand about those in the valley, and just held her through the night. 
The sun rose in hues of orange and red. I asked Lina if she had named the child and was told he was called, Augista. It was her great grandfather’s name and she had always liked the name. I told her it was a good name. As Lusherina came in I excused myself and went out to make a sign for him and dig the grave. 
It was hard carving the name with tears in my eyes but somehow I got it done. I took a shovel but Ayreid took it from me and ask me to show him where to dig. I pointed out a spot just west of the cabin among some alder trees with a view of the lake. The digging did not take long in the rich soil, as Firres softened the frozen ground and Azag helped dig. The shovel looked so small in his big hands but he dug without a word. When he had finished I slowly walked to get the child and met Lina at the door. She was carrying the baby in its blanket and we walked up the rise together and gently laid Augista in the ground. 
Many of our dear friends were there, circling the grave and all had sombre faces. As the dirt was filled in I held Lina as she cried and then I took my sign and pounded it in over his head. No one said a word as I read the inscription, "My son did not have a chance to walk the earth, but gave us much joy.  Augista will forever walk in our hearts."
Lina turned, waved for all to follow, saying, "Come friends, now the sadness ends."
We obediently followed and there were Vinall and Slamora, beside two large tables set up with food and drink. When we arrived by the cabin Lina turned to us and said, "In times gone by my people celebrated the passing of loved ones in this way, so eat, drink and celebrate the passing of our child so he will be happy as he journeys to his new life. And may that life be longer than this one." I held her tight and kissed her. I knew she was hurting but she put on a brave face so I had to also.
The celebration went on all day and into the evening. It was not a loud party but there were few sad moments and all speculated on Augista's life. Somehow I knew he would have been a great asset to the valley. I told all that he would have been the best farmer they had ever seen. The sun had long left the sky when we said the last farewells and went to bed. We did not sleep but talked softly about how good it would have been if our son had lived. Morbid, but it was better than crying over a lost child. We knew we had not shed the last tears but we had to go on for Mina and ourselves. 
It was several days before I went to the grave and saw many flowers planted around the marker and someone had put a bench at the head so you could sit and look out over the lake. In the back of the bench was carved 'Augista' with a Celtic cross on either side. I did not recognize the handiwork but something told me it did not matter. 
Life slowly returned to the way it was. Mina had adjusted the fastest and Lina and I had followed her example. I was having my morning pipe when she ran up to me and declared that we would have a visitor. She was happy and said, "Marianto and her mother are coming to see me." I looked around but there was no one. Then I strode to where I could see along the trail. Still no one in sight. 
I asked her where she had seen them. The answer I got set me back a bit. 
She look up and stated, "In my head. They are at Seshi's bridge. Coming this way."
I asked how long she had seen things that happened a long ways off. In a matter of fact tone, she told me that she had seen things always but never understood them till mommy started to have her brother. I could only wonder if it this was a coincidence or something else. I would have to ask Frindlass if she knew about humans getting this ability. I knew of people who had premonitions but never so exact and accurate.
Sorianto came into sight, and I rose as a gust of air almost knocked me off my feet. Firres landed right behind me and said, "Get on we must go now! You are needed." I told her I had to tell Lina but she told me she already had and we had to go quickly. Not happy I climbed on her back and in no time we were flying to the southern mountains and a pass in the south east corner. 
During the flight I asked Firres about Mina and was told that because she was destined to become a Guardian, she would have many abilities come to life before she took over Zofiya's place. I need not worry that she will change soon as it will be a long time before she will control and understand herself. The dragons were monitoring her so they would help her understand and guide her as she grew. We circled down to where Baeldras was waiting. He looked at me, then down the pass saying, "Vold, look. Men come. They are too warlike. We cannot allow them here. You are their kind so if you know a way to stop them without violence, let us know. I have created a rock fall, yet they go around it and keep coming"
"You can't make them sleep and take them far from here?" I asked.
"There are too many."
He showed me a long line of men and pack animals. All had weapons. It was an army on the move. If they were so determined to get over the mountains, they had to be up to conquer wherever they were heading, or thought they were. In all the furs it was hard to tell what country they were from so I asked Baeldras if he would take care of my family if anything happened. I wanted to go to them and try to talk them out of their goal. 
"If you you think you can, but if you need help. Just call. We will get you out safely. I do not want to destroy them but if it is only way to keep the valley safe, I will," was his answer, adding, "You are sure Vold?"
I told him it was the only way I could think of. I suspected they are lost and did not know what was here.
I took a fur from Firres and wrapped it around me and started down toward the soldiers, feeling very naked and nervous. Firres spoke to me as I walked and informed me that they would stay in my mind so I would be less nervous and not feel alone. She also told me that the army saw nothing but mountains and I would surprise them as I went through the barrier, also the cold would be felt then too, so I better be careful. 
It did not take long before I felt the extreme cold and thankfully there was a large rock between me and the army. I stood up from my shock and set off toward the men. As soon as they saw me, weapons came out and they looked around for anyone I was with. They seemed to relax when they realized I was alone and unarmed. They told me to halt and identify myself so I did and explained that I was travelling but took this pass by error and was on my way down as it led to a frozen impassable glacier. I asked for food as a ploy to sit and learn more about them. 
Since we were on a large ledge, they lit fires and set up camp to learn as much about me as I wanted from them. We sat and talked as we ate the meagre rations they had and it seemed they were the advance party for a much larger force. Their commander had told them there was a valley of plenty here and they were going to conquer it. I had the strangest feeling, so I looked at their officer, Chingis, much closer and saw eyes that I thought I had seen before. His commander and father, was taking another route further east to get in. 
Baeldras informed me that the other group would never get in that way as it led elsewhere. I told the man in front of me, Captain Chingis, that this route was a lost cause but if he insisted on dying up here he was welcome to it. I was not ready to die and would move on down to the warm valley he had come from. He bid me farewell and offered me more rations but I refused them by saying, he would be more in need than I, if he kept on his course.
As I walked down, I asked Firres to get me as soon as it was possible, as long as she would not be seen. These men had old weapons and I was not ready to take any chances with her life. As I strode past the pack animals, I mentally told them I was sorry they were put through this pain. I showed them what to do tonight and where to head if they wanted to be free. All nodded in understanding, which amazed their handlers as it looked as if I was being honoured by them. I chuckled but kept going so as not to attract any more attention.
I was really cold when I turned another corner and walked into Firres. She blew a warm breath over me so my teeth would stop chattering. I felt much better once we arrived back where Baeldras was waiting. He was watching the men, who were having an argument about going on or turning back. I told Firres I would like to stay till we knew if what I had said would make any difference. She told me she would be back when I called and would inform Lina. I thanked her and settled down on a rock to watch. Soon all had gone into their shelters to talk more and sleep. 
Baeldras linked me with his mind so I could hear what was being said. I chuckled as Chingis argued to keep on no matter what, but all his advisors wanted to go back down. The argument went back and forth all night. I asked my companion if it was possible to send a wall of snow at these foolish men. With a laugh in his voice he said yes but he rather not kill them. I suggest that he send it past them but close enough to spray their fires and maybe knock a tent or two down. 
Again with a chuckle he told me, I was very devious. I agreed but only when my friends were in danger and I had to be. I could not help but chuckle as the roar of the snow created a terrified look on the faces of these unknowing men. In an instant one tent had been carried away leaving the men on their beds shivering as more snow sprayed over the camp and dosed all the fires. They and all their companions did not wait for orders. They left the remaining tents and headed down as fast as they could, safely.
I was ready to call Firres when we heard braying and past us came all the pack animals. Most were mules but a couple of donkeys were there too. I was glad they had gotten away and they understood what I had shown them. I told them to go to the pasture near the swamp and enjoy their life of freedom. There were no packs to take off as they had been tethered for the night and I would take their halters off when I got down and saw them again. 
Firres took me home after we watched all the men heading back down the hill and Baeldras explained that on foot anyone can pass the illusionel barrier. The time shift is passable on foot too, if they do not go crazy passing through it. I remembered my confusion when I passed through it. So it was not that I travelled further than I had thought, it was just the place looked differently in other time periods. Made sense to me but then I always was a bit faster to grasp concepts like that.
Lina was waiting as we circled down. She rushed over to kiss and hug me. I told her it was no big deal. Just had to convince some lost souls to go home to keep them from destroying the peace we had. When I mentioned Capt. Chingis, Lina gasped. She demanded I describe him and how he looked. Slightly puzzled, I told her all I remembered about him and then asked why she was so curious, but I suspected I knew the answer, from the longing look in her eyes. It was the son she had lost so long ago. He was much older and still following his warlike father, whom we assumed was leading the other group. 
We spent the night talking of her past. How hard it had been to live with such a violent person who cared very little for her. In that society, a woman had no status or rights. She did what she was told and if she dared to argue or tried to leave, she could be killed and no one would care. It was so good to see that she had blossomed here and was very happy being an equal, not a possession, but her memories were strong. 
She finally slept with her head on my lap as I watched the stars drift by. Baeldras and I talked, as he circled overhead, of watching the passes as we both suspected we had not seen the last of those violent humans. He would try and make the trail impassable as far down as he could without raising suspicion. Then he would watch it even closer for intruders. I had the feeling it would be a long cold winter. 
I told him to call if he wanted me to deal with them again. I added that the camp they left should look as if large, wild animals ripped it apart and then it had been partial buried in another avalanche. Baeldras said it would be done and he was glad I was with them and not against. With a chuckle in his voice he bid me well and flew off.
Morning broke bright and sunny. It glistened over the frost that covered the grass and trees. A magical morning. Lina handed me the pipe as I took my coffee outside. 
"Seems you have company my sweet animal whisperer." she said. 
I looked out the door and saw the twenty mules and donkeys I had managed to release. As they saw me all in one voice brayed and thanked me. I was looking for their halters but was told that Azag had removed them after they realized he was not going to eat them and stopped hiding from him. I smiled as I knew Azag could be very fierce looking but he wouldn't harm anything. They had realized that, when he had brought them hay and talked to them, explaining how things were here. He had become their teacher.
They thanked me again and told me there was nothing they would not do if I asked.  I told them to just enjoy their life. That was enough for me. I sat back after they left and smoked my pipe. I knew all in the valley could communicate with their minds but was surprised I had done so, with animals from outside. Some people had the ability and although I had always had a way with animals, I never thought they were reading my mind to know I would not harm them. They had always moved away if I had tried to touch or get closer to them. I liked the idea but also hoped I would never need to use it as I had this time.
I detested warlike people. It always seemed so stupid to me. If people could just sit and talk to each other without motives of greed and superiority, all problems could be solved in peace. I knew a little understanding would go a long way. It amazed me that so many people could not be happy with what they had but, in my time at least, they wanted more than they would ever need or use. Just seemed so stupid to me. 
A cool breeze blew over me and my thoughts turned to my present, to my wife and daughter. For this year I would have to come up with something special to surpass the boat. Then the light went on and I knew it would take a good blacksmith and the help of a dragon to accomplish. I knew where I would put it and just needed to get things in place at the right time.


Chapter Eighteen

I was sitting, having my pipe watching the waves on the lake, when I spotted a head with antlers, then I saw more. I watched in wonder as I realized there was a herd of caribou swimming the cold lake. Automatically, I wanted to know more, so I asked them to approach me. They got the message as they turned and swam toward me. 
Their leader cautiously approached me, as the herd came out of the water and shook themselves off. I asked him how long he had been in the valley. To which he replied that they were only passing through to their wintering ground. They had heard that it was a safer, more plentiful route, from an eagle who was telling all the animals that it was safe here for all lifeforms. He asked me about dragon eating habits, as he had seen one on his way here. I assured him he was safe here as dragons do not eat that often and they hunt outside the valley. He seemed relieved by that as he had never seen one till he arrived here and preferred to stay away from them.
With my mind, I showed him the fields and how to get there, saying there was much feed in the fields for those who wanted it. We always left some for animals so they would not have to dig far into the snow covered ground. He thanked me and took his fairly large herd of twenty or more, down the trail to the east and the fields. Mina had come out and was talking to some of the female caribou, until the leader bellowed for them to come. They said quick goodbyes and ran after the rest of the herd. I smiled as they looked like children that were misbehaving and got caught, as they hurried away. 
Mina asked me if they would come back so she could see the little ones, but I had to tell her that I did not know, but I was sure we had not seen the last of them. I also told her that it was possible that many other animals were coming. An eagle was telling all animals that they would be welcome and safe here. She was happy and ran to tell her mother. 
The snow fell for several days just before the last moon of the year. We celebrated solstice as the day of the last full moon, although it was only us. The days grew longer so we celebrated that day as Christmas and that evening as New Year. I acquired wine from the elves and we sat and toasted the coming of the new year ahead. It was the only day of the year Mina was up that late.  The only day she wanted to be.
Although others had celebrations for the solstice, Lina and I preferred to do our own private celebrating. A couple of drinks, a bit of dancing and much love making was a perfect night for us. With our child sleeping close it could not be any better. Lina had always lit a candle in the window for our lost son, and she was surprised and bewildered when I started to light one for her son, so if he ever came in peace, he would have a home here too. The man I met had a good heart. He just needed to be shown a better way to live, at least that is what I felt. Lina smiled as I told her, I had seen more of her in him than anything else.
The snow was deeper than usual but came softly, rather than in a terrible storm. It was a beautiful blanket when I took Lina and Mina to the present I had for them. They were not sure about the strap on blades the dwarves had made, but Lina had skated years before so she helped Mina as I struggled to stand. It had been more years than I could remember. They laughed as I wobbled. I grew more confident as I grew used to the blades and was much better on my skates in short order. 
The rink was perfect. I had told Baeldras that it had to be fast frozen so it would be smooth as glass and he had done a beautiful job. It was a very large clear surface and we had a great time. The air was cool but not a biting cold as we skated and played the day away. Several rabbits tested the ice carefully. They then jumped on, sliding most of the way across. We helped them get up as we chuckled at the humorous sight. The one time I plopped on my rear end, drew waves of laughter from everyone, including myself. Lina had doubled over laughing so hard she ended up sitting down too. 
I was very pleased with the sharp blades Dafeg had fashioned and how well they fitted on our boots. He had known of skating so knew what was needed but never made skates before, himself. I wondered if a bicycle was possible then tossed that thought out. I realized that life was better at a slower pace, no need to speed it up more. 
A herd of wild horses came single file from the west, as we were taking the blades off our feet. I counted at least thirty animals and their leader asked if I was the one they called Vold as he was to check in with me. I said, "Yes I am Vold, but who told you I had to be reported to?" He informed me it was the eagle who had told him of this place, and the human he had to report to.
I told him to head for where the mules were for now and if they needed more space we would arrange it once they had settled in. He thanked me and although he was not fond of cross bred animals he liked the attitude here and would abide by our way of life. 
A strange, one this horse was. I felt he had a confrontational attitude, but also wanted peace. As with everyone, he would be given a chance to live in peace with his herd. He also mentioned the strange horse people, as he called the centaurs, had directed him here. I had to wonder how I became the one to have all new animals check with me when they came to the valley. I told him if there was a problem, I would do my best to solve it. Just had to send me notice. I was going to mention Azag but decided they may as well find out for themselves.
Mina had again spoken to the mares briefly and she told me they had a hard time outside. Men were always chasing them and taking the young ones to ride and work. They were very happy to be here and although the leader was cautious, he too was happy. We watched them move down the trail as we went in for our evening meal and some hot drink. 
After we ate I went out to call Firres. I needed to know how and why I had become the one animals came to. She landed and we talked. I discovered that the elves had sent the eagle to inform all wild animals, that there was a home here, if they wanted it. The animals were also told that here, no man would hunt them. Of course all else would be as nature dictated.
I was the one to check with as I was the one all trusted and knew, and would be fair. I also talked frankly with everyone, no matter what species they were. Firres told me that all had been asked and without exception they had picked me to be the one to meet. That way I would know how many were in the valley. I was grateful and admitted, with Mina and her future, it was a decision I did not object to. I only hoped we had enough space if many showed up, but then, there was no rush. The land could support all that were here and many more.
Firres and the others did not expect a large influx of animals but any who were in danger could come. After they had rested they would probably move on, as the caribou had. Possibly a few would linger, but no large herds ever made it through the mountain passes. They preferred easier routes along valley floors. Before she left, she asked if I knew of Sasquatch. I told her that in my time they were thought of as mythical but since I came here, I never doubted anything. 
She seemed to like that answer but never elaborated on why she had asked. Firres wished us well as she flew off to her home. I went in to cuddle my wife and child. Mina was sleeping so Lina and I lay watching the stars and talking about whatever popped into our minds. It was nice when occasionally we said nothing and just lay holding each other. We both found those times of silence very romantic. No words could describe our feelings but we knew how we felt about each other. 
By the time the snow melted in the spring, and flowers again bloomed, we had many new animals here. The horses had gone to the high meadow in the eastern mountains. Mountain sheep and goats could be seen on the slopes all around the valley. Many birds flew above but only one eagle patrolled the valley. It seemed that there was new life everywhere you looked or turned. 
 Life continued with planting and all the day to day work. The time passed peacefully and pleasantly with friends coming and going all the time at the house. When we were at the cabin there were fewer visitors so we had more time alone and I always found those times much more relaxing. I had never been one for large crowds and often surprised myself because the Gathering was always crowded but I enjoyed being there with my family. 
Saki had returned to her family a year back and Mina had been a bit sad but she knew it was for the best. Saki had come of age and found a mate to raise her own family. Mina had many small friends who constantly came round to play. Even Saki came by on occasion to chat and bring Mina up to date with what she was doing. 
There were no more sightings of humans searching for a way in but both Moraytha and Baeldras kept their eyes open and minds scanning in case more tried. I knew Zofiya was also scanning and watching, although her flights over the valley had become few and far between. I had no further contact with her but knew she was watching. I felt her presence on some nights. There was always her shadow on the lake on moonlit nights. I always said hello, when I saw the shadow, never expecting or getting an answer.
Days went by pleasantly. Cool days turned hot as summer came. Crops grew high with the rains and sun. As did the weeds so there was always something to do. I had started a small garden near where the new trees were growing fast. I never weeded it, since it was for the small ground animals. I knew they would pick it clean before fall and leave Lina's garden alone. 
The more I tried the easier it became to share thoughts with all the wild creatures that lived in the valley. Everyone had their place and as long as we respected them, they returned the favour. I realized that they, like us, just wanted to live a peaceful life. I had more respect for the animals than I had for many humans I remembered. The small and big animals, all came to the Gathering, as did everyone in the valley. Even the wild horses had come down. They had offered to help move supplies, but with the modrow we had no need to use those beautiful animals for labour. 
Even modrow had their story and since the work was easy for them, they enjoyed helping. It made them feel useful and we did feed them well. I did learn that they were much stronger than they had shown. One told me that he alone could move twenty wagons with no problem. With their well muscled bodies I could see that and I knew no animal had it in them to lie or brag.
There had been times that some had spoken of things they could do, that may have sounded like bragging, but it was all just a fact. If anyone said they could do better it was never doubted. It was never taken as a challenge, since none here had an ego to bruise. There were competitions of skill and strength but they were all in fun and win or lose all enjoyed them.
A groundhog had told me that under the newly planted forest, there were tunnels, made by humans. I inquired about them, thinking they were an ancient mine, but was told they were like the above ground buildings and covered a very large area. I asked him to let me know if there was an entrance near the surface. He had not seen one but would tell me if he ever found it. It did peak my interest but if there was no way in then exploring was not an option. I had other things to do and they were more important than looking around old tunnels.
I found myself have casual chats with all the creatures that passed or were nearby and even started to talk to the fish. As impossible at it may have seemed just couple of years back, I knew that all living things had a voice. It became so common place to ask and thank the animals and plants too, that I never gave it a thought. 
We held a thank ceremony before harvest and after. I knew the elves did the same if any trees were to be cut down. If meat was needed, animals were treated with great respect and very often asked if they would sacrifice themselves. I knew most were old and if any objected, their wishes were always honoured. One time we had to refuse a deer because he had only come when he had lost a kind of contest. Vinall and I had gone to the herd and requested that they stopped that practise. We would go without rather than take an animal that was unwilling, by their own choice. 
We got many cows from outside the valley, thanks to the dragons so any we used for meat here were extra and had to be respected. All here knew and never feared death since it was the natural ending of life. We knew that our bodies would decay and become part of the earth and if it could help others to live, it was better. As gross as humans in my former world would find it, even I would give my dead body to help others live. I had little doubt that it would not be required but I was willing. 
I knew that most lives here were much longer than outside the valley. The exception was the wild animals as they entered and left the valley in their migration habits so the effect of the valley never took hold. None of the migrating animals ever stayed for much longer than it took to cross to the other side. They all knew they were welcome but migratory habits were too ingrained and we had no intention of forcing them to stay. It was sad when they passed through and told us of all the ones who had not made it past hunting parties. Although many elk and caribou came through the valley, none stayed and the herds seem to remain the same size. 
It was an awesome sight when so many animals passed through. Like a parade. Mina enjoyed watching them pass and was in her glory when they spent the day grazing nearby. She always talked to the females and young ones till they moved on. Some made a point of seeking her out and telling her their story. She always made sure I knew all that they talked about, even though she knew I was capable of hearing them talk. I tried not to eavesdrop on their conversation but at times it was impossible, as they were standing right in front of me. 
Herds came and went. No predators followed them here as they would have in any other valley. I knew it was because of the dragons, whom they saw as predators higher up the food chain. The dragons never revealed the truth so the wolves from outside and coyotes had no choice but to remain out and find other prey. The pack of wolves we had here never took an animal that was unwilling and never took more than what was required to survive. They also made sure to keep their hunting out of sight so no one would be hurt or see them rip apart their prey. 
In the time Mina had spent learning from them, they had made sure she was not there when they hunted. Lina and I knew our girl would learn about that soon enough and the she-wolf agreed that a human child should not see that kind of death too soon. 
All in all, the creatures that lived here were very caring and thoughtful. The transients also respected our feelings and moved on, only staying long enough to eat and enjoy a respite from their natural predators. None passed through during mid summer so the Gathering never saw the herds. They travelled the roads around the lake in spring and again in the fall. They always sent at least one past the cabin, if they went to the north of the lake, to let me know they were here and bring any news that may be useful. 
It was almost time for the Gathering when a young breathless fox collapsed at my feet one morning. I petted him, telling him to rest and recover before he gave me the news he was trying to convey. I saw images and his jumbled words. Nothing made sense but one image of a man with a gun made me call to Moraytha, who was watching the west side of the valley. I conveyed the image and asked him to pass it to all watching. 
When the fox had recovered, he had to be slowed down so I could understand him. It seems there were several men hunting the herds and the one I saw was leading them into the mountains to ambush the herds as they came through. I wondered why they would set up so early but then realized that there was a time difference. The gun I had seen was at least a century old, but deadly none the less and if possible I had to make sure the herds were aware of the danger. 
Moraytha spoke to inform me that he had found the hunters and would watch them in case they approached closer. He seemed to be slightly upset that a fox had slipped past his watchful eye. I chuckled as I thanked the fox. He was glad he could help. Seems he and his family had been living in a meadow on the western edge and moved in and out of the valley on a regular basis. Long ago Myri had welcomed his ancestors and they had not had much contact with others because they had no reason till now. It was their way of repaying our kindness.
He ate some meat I offered and then bid me farewell as he headed home at a much slower pace then he had arrived. I informed Moraytha who was relieved he had others watching as he did, even though till now he had not even known they were there and seemed a bit put out by that. 
Moraytha said the hunters had set up a camp well down the mountain pass so they could ambush the herds as they came through a narrow stretch. I wondered if they could not be discouraged as we had done with the army, but they were no threat to the valley, so we agreed that just informing the herds would be enough for now. He would keep watch and if more was needed, he would take action. It was well outside so I bowed to his will. The herds dealt with hunters all the time they were out of the valley and we can't control the world and all the different time periods. 


Chapter Nineteen

Over the growing season we always had some time to explore the valley and visiting our friends. Lina and I did enjoy just strolling in the woods, enjoying the beauty of our home. During these walks Mina was educated, as best we could, in the flora and fauna around us. She could communicate with all the animals and they also helped to teach her their ways, better than her mother and I ever could. 
Lina had said she never wanted to send Mina to a school, she could learn writing and such with us. Anything else she could get from whomever knew it. After some back and forth discussion, I had to concede that any social benefit a school had, Mina could get at the Gathering and other events we went to, or just interacting with people, as she did already.
We had just finished visiting the unicorns on our way home from the Gathering when a horse came up and told me that an entrance to the underground tunnels had been found. He had been on his way back to their meadow when a groundhog had asked him to inform me. He directed me to a stand of pine trees at the base of a hill near the mountains and I thanked him. 
I wanted to get my family home and would check it out later when time allowed. Not that I had much to do as crops grew. Helpers weeded and made sure all was well in the fields, but the slower pace of life made me value all the time I had with Lina and Mina. 
I spent the next two days just puttering around the cabin and playing with Mina. My girl seemed to enjoy helping lubricate hinges and fill cracks between logs. The sod roof stood up quite well. It looked lovely with the flowers and green grass. I had placed a ramp against the back so that any animals who wanted could get to the fresh grass. They did keep the roof nicely cropped. 
Lina and I talked about me going to explore the tunnels and we agreed that as long as it did not interfere with my other chores and tasks, it would be good to find out about those who may have been here before. That night as I sat having my pipe, a familiar voice came to me, "My child. The place you would go is more ancient than even I. It was built by a people that left no memories. They lived and left of their own accord, before I arrived here to watch over this valley. I have a faint memory of a pyramid that has long since crumbled to dust. It has been many snowfalls since that time. I know you are curious, but go with caution child. I know you will not rest till you see for yourself so I will watch over you and have help nearby if you run into trouble." It was all Zofiya said. 
I watched her shadow glide over the lake and then went in to my family. Lina and I talked more as I was more apprehensive nowthat I knew how old the structure was and how dangerous it might be. I was also surprised that it had not collapsed already. It would take much planning and I would prefer to have at least one other with me. I promised Lina that I would not go alone or without making a very specific plan. There would be more spare time after harvest and that would allow me to see if anyone else was as curious as I was. 
Time seemed to pass quickly and harvest was upon us. I had mentioned the discovery to a few, and found two others who had an interest in seeing these underground relics of the ancient past. Wenishee and Hathas were eager to come with me, so we set the date, and left them to get all we would need to take. I would talk to the animals that had discovered the place to see if there were any collapsed areas or weak ones we should stay away from.
Nak, my groundhog friend said he had not explored the place, as it served him no purpose, but would come, in case we needed a good digger. I explained that we had no intention of putting our lives in danger and only wanted to see if we could learn anything about those who had been here before us. 
On the morning after the first full moon after harvest we met among the pines. Each was given a torch and a share of what seemed too many supplies. We took bars in case we needed to move any rocks and there were the shovels too. My mind briefly flashed to old movies I had seen. I thought I should have a whip, but kept that image to myself. Opening the half buried, wooden door that barred our way, took all of our strength. As it started to open, a rush of stale air blew over us. A scent that seemed vaguely familiar came to me, but I could not place it. 
We were barely inside when we lit the torches and looked down a long tunnel. It was covered with images of beings that looked like humans and yet they were tall and slim. All were painted a dark red. Whether this was because of age or what we did not know. The images were of them standing, talking and sitting. Pictures of normal everyday scenes. A market in one, in another it looked like a Gathering or meeting of some sort, and beings sitting on benches all facing one who stood with arms spread, which I assumed was a church. We had only gone ten paces in when a deep rumble was heard and a cloud of dust surrounded us. We turned, rushing outside, coughing for air. 
Once all had their breath back we checked the tunnel but other than dusty, it looked as before. Nak appeared to tell us that a large chamber had collapsed and all that was passable for us was the length of hallway we had seen. He was willing to help dig but we all agreed that it was best left alone. We would record what we could and call it done.
Hathas and I stood with torches on either side of Wenishee so she could draw the pictures we saw, as a record, in case it all collapsed. She did have a talent for drawing and was very quick. It did not take long at all, or so I thought and when we had gone 50 paces, or so, we could see where the dirt filled the tunnel and knew we were going no further. We had passed a doorway and when we looked in, all we saw was a plain, empty chamber. It was small, maybe five paces by ten. Plain green walls, with no hint of its use. 
The three of us could only guess at who these people had been. We tossed thoughts around as we sat outside and had a meal. The sun was dipping behind the mountains when I said farewell to my friends and hurried back to Lina so she would not worry more than I knew she already was. I asked a sweet little song bird I saw if she would tell Lina I was on my way back. She agreed and flew off.
Before I reached the road I walked through a new depression in the ground. it was spongy under my feet and around the edges I could see new gaps where it had come down. From the size, I assumed that a very large chamber had collapsed and it was right here under me. Nak popped up and pushed a shiny object toward me. He had found it in the large room before it came down. I picked the ring up and thanked him. I looked at it and saw a familiar symbol on it. Two snakes wrapped around a staff. I put it in my pouch and told Nak to be careful as we said our farewells. 
A very warm passionate greeting awaited me when I arrived at home. After we had made love, I told Lina what we had seen. She looked at the ring but would not touch it. It is a sign of death for her, she said and of course I pressed for an explanation. Seems to her it was the sign of the men who took people and they were never seen again, alive. Even though I explained what it meant to my people, she would not have it in our house. I took it outside and placed it under my chair with every intention to ask others if they knew the sign as good or bad. 
The next morning I sat outside smoking. Lina came to sit beside me. I pressed her for more information about why she hated the ring. It took a few pointed questions but finally she told me that the only time she had seen the men who wore that symbol on their red tunics, they took people who were ill and if they were ever seen again, they were dead. There was one time, she had followed them as they took a friend of hers, with many others. They went to a large building with that symbol on the door. She had not seen inside as she was scared they would take her too. She watched the building for days, till finally they came out carrying many bodies, that were placed on a wagon and taken to a place out of the town, where a large pit had been dug. The bodies were place in the pit and buried there, after they had been burned. 
It happened when she was coming of age, before they had come here. She sad she would never forget the smell. Telling Lina that I thought maybe because the people they took were very sick, the men were trying to help them. It took some explaining of healers through the ages, and about plagues, but she finally saw that maybe they were not the bad scary men she had thought they were. 
Lina still wanted nothing to do with the ring and that I could understand. I had decided to give it to Wenishee, if she wanted it, or I would just bury it back where it had been found. I thought and wondered about the forms of the beings in the pictures and thought that just maybe, they could be from another place. Could they be from another world and tried to make this home? Or were they just our ancestors and drawn differently from real life, or were they native Indians? Many questions and possibilities but no answers. 
Everyone in the valley had their own ancestry and stories of the past. In the case of the ancient ones, I knew or at least assumed, none lived here who were related to them. I did know when Wenishee showed her drawings to her people, there would be wall hangings made of them. Their history, what little we knew, would live again. 
I was feeling a tad jealous, since I knew so little about my forebears. I only knew of grandparents on mother’s side and nothing about my father's side of the family. I could not even remember where he had been born. It was sad, but I had my family here now and had to think in the present. Life had to go on for Mina's sake and all the rest here. 
Baeldras interrupted my thought when he flew over and greeted me. He told me that the herds had been told of the hunters waiting and understood. That was all that could be done. I thanked him for the news and wished him well. 
Lina told me she wanted to show me something from her past. It was near Frindlass's cave. We made the journey with Mina and stopped to chat with Seshi as he was taking a break from the mill. Then we stopped to see how Pelkie was doing and found her sitting in the garden. Although the growing season was over, all the plants looked magnificent. The trees were changing colour and added to the beauty of the place. Mina and Pelkie were playing when Lina took me to the back of the garden and into a small tunnel hidden by bushes. 
The walls were bare and seemed old. Twenty paces in she opened a door to reveal what looked like an operating room. A bare table in the middle below what looked like a sky light, although it was covered with soil. There were cabinets all around with many blank packages in them and in the drawers were strange, vicious looking tools. Saws and sharp knives hung on hooks along the table. I shivered at the thought of them. I noticed the same smell here that was in the tunnel in the woods. It was a disinfectant. I had smelt that in many hospitals and clinics. So this was another and for her people, a very advanced one.
Lina told me it was here when her people came and as best she knew, no healing was done here. Her people had made use of it but how she did not know. I shivered when I thought of how some power hungry person from the middle ages would use a modern clinic. No wonder she thought of doctors as dangerous people to be avoided. I held her and escorted her out. Since there was no door I thought she would feel better if no one could enter the place. I told her I would ask that entrance be blocked so none could enter and she liked the idea. 
Azag was near so I asked him to move the biggest rocks he could, to seal the entrance. He was happy to do it, as it smelled funny. With that done we went and picked up Mina for the walk home. It was a nice quiet walk, a bit chilly after the sun had gone but bearable. We stopped at the spring for a quick wash and to relax. We made love before we headed home and watched the stars in each others arms. We agreed that although some things were good to remember, there was nothing better than the present. 
In morning Lina told me she had things to do at the garden. They would take most of the day and she would spend the night there. I took that news as a good time to go and see Wenishee and see if she had finished her pictures of the tunnel. I would spend the night there and return the next morning. Mina, in a very excited way, asked if she could come with me to meet the children she had met at the Gathering. I agreed readily and pushed the boat into the water. We took our supplies and said our farewells and then headed in opposite directions. 
The walk from where we left our boat, was pleasant with multi coloured trees and Mina always running and playing. It was no wonder she slept so well. Always on the go from morning to night. We were greeted by Aylavis, who showed us to our shelter for the night and then as I went to see Wenishee, Mina was taken to meet the children who were in school, by the teacher. 
Wenishee was in her studio at an upper level of the village and as I showed her the ring, she jumped at me in her joy and hugged and kissed me. She stepped back and apologized but I told her there was no reason. I was glad she wanted it and told her how Lina had felt and why. She sympathized over Lina's fear of the symbol and then showed me her finished drawings. Other than being well lit and brighter, they looked exactly as they had in the tunnel. She was a great artist. I noticed one painting behind others that looked like Mina so asked if I could see it. 
Shyly she pulled it out and I smiled as it was a painting of Lina and Mina, standing together with me in front of the cabin. It was so realistic, it seemed that I could just step into it and be home. I praised her memory and artistry, as we never posed for that. She claimed it was just something she had always been able to do. She had a perfect photographic memory, which she had learned early not to display as it was both good and bad. Good when remembering things she had only seen briefly, but bad if it involved reminding others of things they did or said. Not everyone wants to be reminded of silly things they have done.
I assured her that the picture was good and Lina would love to see it. She was happy to hear that as she had done it to hang in the guest house at the garden. I told her to go on as if I had not seen it so Lina would be surprised. We both knew we could not show Mina or she would tell, so it was tucked behind the others again. Leaving the studio, I went down to find Mina. 
Hearing children laughing, I followed the sound to it's source. There were several children holding hands and circling Mina who was blindfolded and reaching out to catch them. At least that is what it looked like. I stood beside the elf watching them and watched the children play. He introduced himself as Feknol, the educator of the children. He only gave them the basics as parents did most of the educating of their children. That is why they were only in school for a couple of moons. Just long enough to be sure they knew how to do script and basic arithmetic. It also allowed him to see if they had a hidden talent that the parents did not know about. Most of the time they would be playing and learning how to deal with any problems they had with others. 
It was getting late and Mina was yawning so I took her, and after a quick meal, tucked her in before I stepped outside for my pipe. Ayreid had come over so we talked about the healing places, plus other things that would be considered small talk. He did say that other than the paintings, no hangings would be done of this. When Lusherina came to get him we said good night and I went in to sleep. 
It was a restless sleep as I had a dream about doctors torturing people and cutting them up. There was no way this was healing of any kind I knew. Almost more of a live dissection. I was looking from above down at these happenings, when I realized it wasn't me. I was seeing this from another set of eyes. Somehow another was putting this into my mind. I did not know why and when I woke I was as tired as I went to sleep. I was confused and troubled by what I had seen. 
Mina and I rose and we went to eat. As she went to say goodbye to her new friends, I told Ayreid about the dream. He suggested I see the witches. They have been known to interpret dreams. A good idea I thought and headed for their camp as soon as Mina returned. I knew we would be late getting home because of the extra stop but I had to know about the dream. I did not think it would take too long. 
Mina was her active self as we headed east, running and skipping along. Greeting all the birds and animals and even dancing with the trees, till I caught up again. We were almost at the west river, when I saw Shandra appear in view, standing on the bridge. She smiled as we approached and whispered something to Mina, who immediately ran off toward the Gathering place.
Shandra turned to me as I walked up and greeted her. " Let us walk, Vold. I know why you would seek me out. I will tell you what I know. For more, you will need to seek that yourself. The dream you wish to know about was given to you, so you may see what has happened many seasons gone. Why they gave it, I do not know." 
We slowly walked following Mina's trail, as she went on saying, "It seems that Lina has not seen these things but she fears those men, with good reason. Thankfully it is all the past and they have long since left this place, as well as the earth. I do not see where they went or where they were from, but it was not here. You have seen what they did through the eyes of a faerie. The memory has passed through their kind as a warning and it was they who have shown it to you. Now you know all I have seen. Mina is waiting at your boat Vold. It is time for you to take her home." With that she walked on faster, leaving me with more questions, but at least some answers.
Mina stood holding the figurehead as she always did. The lake was fairly smooth as we rowed home. Halfway across, I wished for a breeze, but the air was still today. We had barely reached land when Mina jumped out and ran to her mother, chattering at such a speed it was hard to understand a word she said. Lina sat her down and put a finger over her lips till Mina stopped talking. Then she asked her to start again slower. Mina was still so excited and tried her best to slow down, to tell her mom about the new children and teacher and how much fun she had. 
By this time I had the boat up and was sitting next to them. We talked more about Mina's adventure. I did mention that later I wished to speak to her about the place she had shown to me and what Shandra had said, but that would wait till after Mina went to sleep.


Chapter Twenty

Days came and went by quietly. Nights cooled more and more as they grew longer. I had returned to the site of the collapsed room to see if the new trees were still growing well. They were but with winter coming there was little growth to see. Most of the animals had stocked their food supply away and were nestled in their dens for winter so I was surprised to see a tree bunny out Gathering nuts. A tree bunny is what all here called the large, red squirrels and I thought it was cute name as these did hop more than they ran. They were also twice the size of any squirrels I had ever seen. 
I asked this one why he was so late. He paused for a moment and asked me if I had not heard the ground rumble. I had but minor shaking was normal and it never did any damage. He told me that he had to find more food as there was a big shake coming and he wanted to have enough for his family of twelve. I let him go his way and mentioned a pile of nuts near the road that did not belong to anyone. He hopped off as I watched him go. I knew all animals were more sensitive to the earth’s movements than humans but also knew if it was going to be disastrous we would have been warned by the Guardian or dragons.
I headed back toward the fields when I saw a crack along the ground. A closer look showed me there was a long, man made wall just below the surface. I thought maybe when the other room below fell down, the soil here had shifted enough to show the edge of another room or hallway. The ground had not sunk here so I assumed it was a small room or hall and gave it no more thought. I had enough of exploring ancient ruins that could collapse on me. 
As I walked across the fields, Mina came running toward me and leapt into my arms. I kissed her and carried her on my shoulder, back to where Lina was waiting for us. I mentioned what the tree bunny had said. Lina agreed that if it was to be bad we would be warned. We ate and settled for the night. In the morning we would head home and spend winter in the cabin. Snow would come soon. All the signs were there.
Trees shed leaves or changed colour. Many birds had gone to warmer climates. The great geese had come through, rested and fed, then gone. The bears had all gone to their dens for the cold season. Frost covered the ground in the mornings. Yes all the signs were there so it was no surprise when we woke the next day, and there was a thin blanket of white covering everything.
We sang and played as we journeyed back to the cabin. Not a care in the world. After arriving home, I double checked supplies and then joined my wife and daughter inside to read and play more. The next few days passed quietly and Mina and I walked in the woods with Lina. We loved to see how nature adjusted to the change of seasons and how the animals did what they had to, to survive adverse conditions. 
We had just finished our evening meal when the shaking started. The earth rumbled and shook fiercely. I knew the cabin could take much but when things started to fall off shelves, I grabbed a fur and got everyone outside. We sat on the ground as it was very hard trying to stand. The shaking went on and on. We held each other tight. I noticed some trees quivered violently, while a couple of others fell across the trail, with a heavy thud. We heard what sounded like a massive landslide in the distance to the south. 
As it had started, it stopped suddenly. The cabin was intact so we went back inside, after making sure the shaking was over. We saw that anything that was on the walls, was now on the floor. Broken dishes, that had fallen from the counter. I had glanced at the chimney but it stayed together so I made sure no embers were going to burn us out, as Lina and Mina started to pick everything else up. 
It was very late when we cuddled together, and in case there was another quake, I stayed up all night. Lina and I had never felt a shaking that strong before. There had been many small shakes. I reached out with my mind and Frindlass replied, telling me that there was no warning that it would be so big. Many in the valley were shook up but all were well. There had been much damage to the tower but no one had been there. She said many were shaken up, so the healers and dragons were out and about, reassuring the nervous ones as best they could and healing any one who had been damaged. I thanked her and told Lina what she said, but do not know why. Lina had heard it all as had Mina. 
We dozed but never for long. The sun came up and we had our meal. Lina had all in hand and the shaking had not returned, so I told her I would go to the tower to see if there was anything I could do to help. I took my pack and warm coat as it was cold this morning. All the trees were covered with heavy hoar frost, as was the trail. Each step crunched as I walked along. I had not gone far when I saw Azag pulling a tree to the side of the road. 
We greeted each other and after the tree was off the trail, we walked toward the tower together. He told me that it was damaged a lot, but I never guessed how much until I saw the rubble pile. Only the first floor walls remained and not all of them had survived the total collapse. Dwarves were already there moving stones for the rebuild and a couple of elves were seeing what they could salvage of what was inside. There were some books and furnishings in wagons already. From the look of all the activity going on, I would only be in the way, so I just helped cover the wagons, to keep everything dry. I then excused myself, so I would not be in the way. Heading home I wondered how the tower had fallen yet other buildings had survived. A bit puzzling but then I did not know enough about earthquakes or how structures were supported, and I was just happy that no one was hurt from this shaking. 
Over the next few days, we went back to the garden, checking buildings and cleaning up. I took one morning to check out how the unicorns had made it through it all. They had done very well as had all the animals. They did not have houses to worry about and knew enough to avoid old, weak trees. The few trees that fell were very old. Arion mentioned that the wild horses had run from their meadow, in panic, but he and the others stopped them and let them stay here till they felt safe again. He thought they were a bit strange for being so jittery. 
The wild horses had needed a healer as one had broken a leg in their panic, and Frindlass had come to heal it. They were being taught what the unicorns knew about being calm in such cases and would return home after the winter past. The snow was too deep in the mountains to go back now so they would stay here till it melted again. The compassion animals had for each other, no matter what species, always amazed me. 
It had snowed for a week straight since the quake and was getting deeper. The snow was not bad but it was getting colder too and all were warned that it would get much colder. Lina and I made sure we had extra firewood handy, in case it lasted for a long time. Then we settled into the cabin for the cold winter. Days were passed playing and teaching Mina writing. Telling stories, whether made up or real. We always prompted her to use her imagination, but made sure she knew the difference between make belief and reality, when she did.
Many days went by and the air remained very cold. I could not even do all the shovelling required without stopping at least once to warm up. Wash day was fun with clothing hung all over the cabin to dry. We had a forest of clothes to wander through, and hide in. Lina, jokingly, kept asking when I was going to get one of the boxes that dry clothes, that I had told her of. She was joking of course but with this cold weather, it really seemed like a good idea. On occasion I thought of the things I had forever left behind and knew that it was for the best not to bring any of that world here. I knew doing that would be a huge mistake. 
More and more I kept my former world and things in it to myself. It was for the best. Life here was not easy, but it was good. The pace was regulated by the seasons, crops and the rising and setting of the sun. I was determined to not mess with, what to me, was a perfect way of life.
After a few days inside the cabin it finally warmed enough to go outside for more than a couple of minutes. I had always joked about the heavy fur coats Lina had made, but after this would never complain again. They kept us warm when winter did it's best to freeze our world. The fur lined boots were very warm and with the mittens, we were very toasty for a long time in the frigid temperatures. 
Mina and I dug trenches to her burrow and the woodpile. A few very loose snowballs were tossed too. We did what had to be done but had a lot of fun doing it. Lina even surprised us both by joining in rather than doing her usual chores inside. It may have been cold but we seldom noticed as we played and grew closer together each day.
At mid winter, the snow was deeper than it had been during the winter storm of the past but it was all light and fluffy, not wind packed as then, so it was never a problem. The air stayed cold but had become tolerable again and with the sun daily now, it seemed the snow was melting rather than compacting. It was nice to stand outside and listen to the sound of silence. Occasionally we heard the sound of the birds that remained for winter, chatting to each other or the sound of rocks being pounded into place at the tower. I knew they would redo the lower wall but the rest would have to wait till spring arrived or the mortar would never dry. No one had said if the tower would be rebuilt as it was or differently.
More time passed in play and sharing each other’s time. I imagined how frayed nerves would be if people I had known spent so much time in close quarters, but we enjoyed being close and never tired of each other’s company. Then one day spring arrived. It was so warm, no coats were needed. What snow remained was turning to water. Little streams of water ran everywhere, down to the lake. I could finally sit in my chair to have my pipe, as I enjoyed watching the world come to life again.
Mina's animal friends came by again to play and newly born ones were with them. Fawns, cubs and pups were everywhere. Lina and I took long walks and saw the tower work was progressing rapidly but there would only be two floors and a watch tower this time. I was amazed as Dafeg told me that all would be done without mortar. They fit the stones so tight and with plaster inside they could paint murals on it. It would be a beautiful place rather than a drab old tower. The new structure would fit quite well with the other two guest houses. I heard that there were towers planned for them too. So folks could see the valley from above the trees. Lina was not at all enthusiastic about that idea.
Mina visited her elf friends with Sharazat as her escort. Seldom was she gone more than one night and Lina and I rather enjoyed those nights. But then we made love whether our daughter was there or not. We were not shy about how much we loved each other or how we expressed our love, and all in the valley knew it. We believed that if you hid these things, children would grow up with the wrong idea and they had to know that real love is expressed in many ways. 
As spring went on I planted the fields, or at least helped, and Lina tended her garden. Again we split time between the field house and cabin. We had a couple of minor earth shakings but nothing like the big one of the last fall. I heard many stories from the helpers about fallen houses and trees, but all agreed that everything could be replaced and thankfully no lives were lost. We even had a new pond. The low area in the woods, where the chamber had collapsed had filled with water from an underground spring. It was not deep as I could walk through the middle and not get my neck wet but the spring was constant and in time would flood the woods, so a trench was dug, to make sure the water drained into the lake. A strong bridge was built over the trench where it cut across the road.
Seshi had complained his mill’s water wheel was not right, so he had some carpenters there for a week, to fix the wheel, that had obviously been warped by the quake. At least all thought that was the reason. They had a heck of a time removing it and then putting it back on after it had been straightened. If it hadn't been for Azag, I was sure it would have taken even longer to fix. All who had been involved were so happy when it was working again, they got totally drunk celebrating, to the point they could not stand. Those who had women, got a long scolding when the girls came to get them, and saw why they were so late. 
Lina and I had a good chuckle as the men stumbled along the road, with the women behind them never stopping their denunciation of such behaviour. I did sympathize as I had been there, but at least I did not have far to go to get home. Lina liked to mention that occasionally but always with a broad smile on her face. She was much more forgiving than most women would have been. 
This year’s planting went well and quickly. Ayreid and I had noticed that the north field was growing faster than the rest. At the rate they were sprouting and growing, we could have two crops this year. After some discussion, we decided to leave all as it was and if we could get two crops, good. Maybe it was a freak of nature and would not last, or it was a side effect of the new spring. Either way we would watch and see what happened. Only time would tell and time we had plenty of. We would see next year if this was going to be a permanent thing. 
Bear came by and talked in depth to Lina and Pelkie about adding a tower but as much as he made it look attractive, both of the girls refused to allow it. They felt it would take away from the garden and the house. They were very happy with the house as it was. It was on a rise so there was no need for a tower, but they did like the idea of a rooftop lounging area. Bear finally gave in. He agreed to the deck on the roof and no tower, saying they were too stubborn to deal with. I gave him a drink of strong beer and agreed, winking at Lina, who chuckled. 
With planting done and some time on my hands, I sat in the early evenings and watched over the fields. It took a few days but I had noticed that the trees, we had planted for the new extension of the unicorn forest, were growing much faster than they would normally. I mentioned it to Ayreid who had noticed but thought it was his imagination. He had others look at them and see if they could discover what was causing it. He knew it was not magic, as only a couple of people used that and they had not. I had gone to see Shandra, but she knew no more than we did about the accelerated growth. 
After a lot of digging and tested we knew no more but it all seemed to be centred around the new pond water. Even the dragons were baffled. We checked the water and it did taste sweet and colder than even the mountain rivers that fed the lake. Other than that, we found no difference in it, from any other water here. I joked that I was not growing so maybe I should drink more. Ayreid said I was growing but only my head. We both had a good laugh at that. 
I suspected that there may have been something in the collapsed room that was causing it, like a special fertilizer. Maybe the big room had been a storage room rather than a surgery and now whatever had been there, was leeching into the soil through the water. I had no explanation for why it could not be tasted but since we knew little or nothing about what it could be, all we could do was watch. Ayreid agreed not to mention our testing of the water on ourselves in case our wives thought the worst.
We placed a sign at the bridge warning everyone about the water. Just in case. I told some of the animals, asking them to tell others who may use this as a new watering hole. I suspected that it would affect the animals more, so was worried about the ones who had already used it. The fish in the lake would let me know if they were affected and I could only hope that if there was something in it, it was not harmful to life. 
The new pond did make a lovely spot and I suspected the unicorns would be very happy with this new water source. It would mean they did not need to go to the lake and would be able to keep their privacy. Over the summer the trees grew to their full height, so in few months, we saw years of growth. No animals were harmed by the water and we took down the warning signs before harvest. This was a magical place and no one questioned the strange happenings. Not even me.


Chapter Twenty One

The crops were growing well and the north field had been harvested and replanted. We were sure it was the water and would enjoy the benefits as long as they lasted. The new trees were fully grown, so it was hard to tell old trees from the new ones. Other than the new section was not as thick a forest as the older section was, it suited the unicorns well. 
Ayreid and I were looking over the fields when Baeldras contacted me and informed me that my ‘friend’ as he called Chingis, the Captain, the man I had discouraged in bringing his war like people here, was back. This time he was with a female and two children. I asked him what he would do and was informed that Firres had told him to allow them in. They had only a sword with them and it seemed to her that it was more for protection than any ill will. She had scanned his mind and she saw there was no malice in it. Firres would bring them in and find out more before she allowed them to settle here, if that was their wish. I thanked him for his thoughtfulness in letting me know.
I could not help but think back to when I was brought here and welcomed with open arms. I had not been a soldier and had no ill intentions. Chingis had been, and his last visit had not been peaceful, so I could only hope this one was different. I knew the dragons would make sure it was, yet I was not sure and knew I would have to tell Lina. She would need to know her son was back and possibly to stay. 
Ayreid was pleased when I told him the story about Chingis. He liked the idea that I trusted him enough to tell him everything and I rather enjoyed have him as a close friend, that I could talk to. He thought maybe we would have more help in the fields but I wasn’t so sure. Chingis didn’t strike me as a farmer. We would just have to wait and see. I bid my farewells and headed back to the house to talk with my wife.
I wondered how to tell her and how she would take the news that the son she had lost so long ago, was returning. I knew the best way was to just tell her directly and trust that she would be happy that he seemed to be giving up his warring ways. I knew so little about him, but wanted to know more. Maybe once he was living here and we met more, we would become friends at least. He was fully grown and I had no illusion that I could ever be a father to him. It would be interesting to see if he even remembered me from the first meeting we had. 
Lina was coming back from the garden and we met at the front door. She looked at me with a look that told me she already knew, but I kissed her and asked, “I got some interesting news from Baeldras. Has he contacted you? You seem to be in deep thought.”
She said, “No. Firres told me that my son is seeking to enter the valley. I never thought I would see him again. My emotions are confused.”
I held her and gave her a soft kiss. We sat on the bench in front of the house. I told her, “Just talk it out baby, and see if you can sort out your feelings. You know I met him before. He was a determined soldier then. I am happy if he has come back to live in peace with us, but I will be wary till he proves himself. You know he isn’t alone?”
“I know, but after all this time, with Mina and you, will he want to see me? I still have a feeling for him. After all I did raise him to manhood before his father took him away. How do I talk to him and what do I say? He has grown so much from that innocent boy I knew and loved. He has his own family now it seems. Has he changed or is this a way for him and his father to get back and destroy our valley? So many questions with no answers. What do I do Vold?”
“First my sweet girl, Firres will not bring him in unless she is very sure he has no evil in his soul. Also I’m sure he will have many questions and apprehensions of his own. He knows you are here. He has no way of knowing if you still live but he will find out. He knows nothing of me or Mina but that is something else he will have to deal with. Since there are no empty homes he will have to build one. We can hold any reunion off till he is settled in, unless he decides to build near here. We will cross that bridge when we come to it. Am sure Firres will take all into account and not do anything without letting us know.”
Almost as if on cue, Firres contacted me and Lina to tell us, that Chingis, would be placed in a cave near Sharazat’s old nest. His contact would be limited till he decided where he wanted to make his home. He knew the old town was gone and that his mother was still here. It would be a several days before he was placed but she thought we should know in advance. She did say that it was up to us to make contact, since Lina would not be at ease with this. I thanked her for telling us. I turned to Lina with a smile on my face and said, “Isn’t dinner ready yet?” After blocking the attempted slap from her, we kissed and laughed about me thinking with my stomach first. 
We ate, talking about the possible future meeting. Mina took the news in her usual stride and wanted to meet her half brother as soon as possible. I had to explain what Firres had told me and told her she would have to be patient. Lina on the other hand was still apprehensive so I tried to lighten the mood by playing before I went out for my evening pipe. Lina sat with me as I smoked. We watched the stars till it got late. Then we went inside and talked about plants and other things we should do around here. I knew she was still thinking about her son, but I could only comfort and reassure her as best I could. 
Next morning Lina went off to her garden again, although I knew all was taken care of and she would be talking to Pelkie about her son. Those two had become very close and it was good Lina had a female she could talk to about personal matters. As much as I cared and tried to, and did understand a lot of what she was going through, I was a man and for some reason, the male brain was not wired the same as most women. Sometimes that was a good thing but in cases like this, it could be a hindrance.
Mina had gone off to play with some new animal friends so I sat and had my pipe. There was not much to do now till the crops grew and matured. I contacted Firres and asked her what she knew about Chingis’ interests or past, other than his being a soldier. She knew little at the moment but he was tired of all the fighting and death. He just wanted to live in peace. She would let me know more when she did. I told her I was thinking of redoing one of the old travellers shelters, as a home for him, but would abide by her and his decision. We broke contact and I decided to take a walk to the closest shelter.
I headed west along the road. The shelter, was an hour’s walk past the bridge and Seshi’s home. I knew it was just one large room with cooking and sleeping accommodations, but I thought with very little work it could be modified into a house. I would have to talk with Bear on how to do it properly but then, he would contact Chingis anyway when he arrived. As he had me and all newcomers.
This shelter was no longer needed as we had full houses or Inns as they were being called, spaced equally around the valley. I saw it was in need of minor repairs but that was no problem. Somehow I thought that the shelter would be taken down and a whole new house would be built. I could not see how it could be modified for a family of four. Maybe that is why I wasn’t a builder. I chuckled to myself as I started back to the house when Sharazat ran past me at full speed, and was gone before I realized who it was. Just dust settling on the road again. I saw an image of three young children on his back and got the words excuse me.
Without any more excitement, I arrived back at the house and was greeted by Mina and her two young dwarven friends. They were the ones who I had seen, taking a joy ride. They were off for a swim so I gave Mina a kiss and told her to be careful, but have fun. It was an unneeded warning, but a habit that made me feel better. Mina smiled and said she would as they ran off toward the river. I watched them run down the slope for a minute before I turned and strode up to the garden for a drink and bite to eat.
As I walked through the ivy covered arch that served as an entrance to the garden, I saw Lina and Pelkie sitting and talking. They looked up at me and smiled. I asked if I could bother them for a drink and light meal. Pelkie jumped up, saying, “Right away kind sir.” She giggled as she rushed off to get it. Lina invited me to sit with her, so I did and gave her a kiss. 
We made small talk about the garden while we waited for Pelkie to return. The garden was so lovely and the aroma of the flowers was very relaxing. Birds chirped their tunes, all different yet they blended into a lovely tune to the ears.
Pelkie returned placing the food down and curtsied as she gave me a large tankard of a very pleasant brew. She said it was from an old recipe of her father’s, that she was brewing in back of the Inn. Then she turned to Lina and asked, “Have you told him?” Lina shook her head side to side. “I will leave you to it then. So you can tell him.” she added, then turned and left. 
Lina came and sat on my knee, and looked at me, with a very timid expression. I looked at her and as I gave her a gentle kiss, she spoke, saying, “I want to see my son and his family. Pelkie convinced me that is the right thing, but only if that is what he wants. He was young when he left but even back then I saw he was torn when his father demanded he go with him. I need to know if he is alright or if his father bent his mind.” She stopped to see my expression before she continued, “It will be a very awkward meeting but the sooner the better. To wait will do neither of us any good. I asked Firres to tell me when we can meet. I pray you will come with me, husband.”
We had another kiss before I said, “Of course my dear, I will always be with you. We are one. I also wish to meet Chingis again. He seemed so confused when we last met and that was not under ideal conditions. We both know Firres and the others would never allow him in, if there was any problem. It will be a good meeting. I feel it dearest.”
The next few days past slowly, or so it seemed. We did our chores and spent spare time gliding along the lake in the boat or swimming. Weeding crops and plants during the day and loving through the night. It was when Firres contacted us one evening that I found out that Chingis was going to build a house near the pasture the mules had taken, and a bit further from the road then the travellers’ shelter I had looked at. I was glad to hear that he had been allowed in. Apprehensive, but glad. Firres told us that it would be a while before we could meet and when he was ready, he would come to us at the garden. We would be told when that day arrived.
Firres had told Lina as she had me and unlike me, Lina was nervous and made errors in cooking and almost everything she did. Even Mina was telling her it would be fine and she should try and relax a bit. I could see that Lina wanted to go and get the first meeting over with but it was out of our hands.
I sat on the bench when I saw three children coming toward me and since Mina had gone off as soon as the sun rose, I assumed one was her and a couple of her friends coming to play in the garden as they so often did. I puffed on my pipe as they came closer and suddenly I realized that they were all human children. Mina was with a boy who looked a bit older than her and a girl about her age. They were talking and giggling as they came up to me.
Mina gave me a hug and then said, “This is Mola, my sister and Chanis, my brother.”  She went in the house to get her mother, as I welcomed both of the children and received big hugs from both as they told me they were happy to meet their new grandfather. I was about to ask if their parents knew they were here when Lina timidly stepped out being pulled by Mina.
The kids immediately hugged her and were repeating grandmother over and over. Lina just stood in shock for a moment before kneeling down and hugging and kissing them. She looked up at me as if to say something but no words came. I suspected what she wanted to say and so I told her it was Mina’s doing. I doubted even Chingis knew where his children were.
That idea was quickly confirmed when a man I recognized came running along the road. Out of breath he stopped a few feet short of us when he seemed to recognized me and he saw who his children were embracing. I stepped over to him, reached out my hand to him in friendship, saying, “Welcome son of my wife. I like this meeting much better than the last one. We had thought Firres would arrange our meeting but it seems our children had other plans. Go say hello to your mother. I will take the children to the garden. Join us when you are ready.” 
I took the children up the road, only glancing back for a moment to see mother and son sitting on the bench, talking. The sight of Pelkie seemed to startle the children. They had never seen a gnome before. She and I spent much time telling them about their new home and all the wonderful creatures in it. I told them what Myri had told me, so long ago. ‘All may not like you, but all will welcome you, knowing you have a good heart. You have nothing to fear in this valley.’
The children told me of what they had been through. The death and pain they saw. Friends they lost in the constant fighting and how their dad had fought with his father and finally left with them to find a better place to live. Lina and Chingis came looking very serious and said it was time to go home. The children said their goodbyes and went with their father as I sat with my family watching them head down the road. They turned to wave before the storage barn hid them from sight. 
Lina had been crying and I asked her about her talk but she just said it had been a good talk and would tell me later. Knowing better than to press her for answers, I held her and gave her soft kisses. She would tell me in her own time, and I assumed they had been tears of all the pent up emotions and memories. She finally had her son back and to a mother, having her children near is very important. 
Firres had contacted me and apologized for not warning us, but Mina had surprised everyone when she went to meet her cousins this morning. I had to agree. Mina had a habit of surprising us, but she did not understand why grownups took their time in doing things. She just went out and did it. To her there was no time like the present. In this case I had to bow to her initiative. 
Mina was sleeping when Lina took my hand and led me outside. We sat on the bench and Lina lit my pipe for me. Then resting her head under my arm she told me that her meeting with Chingis was a pleasant one but not what she had expected. He was under the impression she had not wanted him, since she chose to stay when they left and she was not sure he believed her when she told him otherwise. He had spoken as if meeting an old acquaintance rather than his long absent mother. She was sure it was his father’s doing and didn’t know what to do. 
I held her close and gently wiped her tears, as I said, “Give him time baby. He will see in time that you did not abandon him. He has seen much hatred and death. It will take time for him to adjust here. His children will bring his thinking around. They are already happy with their cousin and their grandmother. I am sure like we said before he arrived, time will be needed till all are comfortable and trust each other. I will go and invite them for a meal so we can all spend some time getting to know each other better. Maybe we should do it at the cabin, before this year’s Gathering.”
She smiled and agreed that a get together at the cabin would be better than here. “We must acquaint them with others too, before the Gathering, so they will be more comfortable there. I will ask our friends over for a party, to welcome them. You invite Chingis and his family.” 
We set a date just before the Gathering and we would have all bring something so no one person would be preparing all the food. Everyone could have fun that way. As we stood to go in, I took her in my arms and hummed an old tune and we danced in the road for a few wonderful minutes. Then I swept her up into my arms, carried her into the house to make passionate love. No matter how long or often we rolled in the furs, it always felt like the first time. If I live to be hundreds of years old, I would never tire of her. I have never loved a woman as I do this one. She who fills my soul. Who amazes me and makes me so happy and complete. We slept as always, embraced in each other’s arms.


Chapter Twenty Two

The sun was fully above the mountains as Mina and I strolled up to where the tower was being rebuilt. The Inn was almost completed, just needed furnishing and wall decorations. The tower itself just needed to be capped off with a retaining wall. Bear had done a great job with his helpers. Vinall and Slamora were rushing about getting the cooking area ready, but stopped to talk with us. They were so happy with the way everything was now. They would call this place ‘Tower Inn’ and said they now had eight rooms for guests and could cook banquets in the large dinning area. 
I invited them to our party for Chingis and his family. They suggested having it here but I told them it would be more relaxing at the lake. They agreed and would be there with many dishes of food. Again I had to tell them it would be informal, just one or two dishes would be good, since everyone invited would be bringing something. Mina came running in, from looking around the Inn and happily told me, Uncle Bear would come and bring his whole family. She had gotten to call everyone aunt or uncle, whether they were related or not. 
As we bid everyone farewell, I smiled when I pictured Bear packing barrels of his beer, which I am sure he would bring. Wonder if Chingis had gotten as drunk as I had when I first had that strong brew. Mina and I walked, well, skipped more than walked, toward the east and our meeting with Chingis. It was a beautiful warm morning. The mules were grazing on the grass and all stopped to say hello as we passed them. They had settled in quite well and even gave others help occasionally as their way to repay the kindness shown them. They were not as strong as the modrow but they were very capable. 
Mina showed me the trail to where Chingis had built his house. It was a small trail that opened to a clearing that held a large wood and stone house with a very large garden in front. No one was outside so we knocked on the door, to be greeted with a sad faced Chanis who informed us that we could not enter as his mother was very ill. His father was doing what he could for her but it did not look good. When I asked if they had seen any healer here, he told me no, his father did not allow it.
Without asking more I reached out my mind to Frindlass and informed her. She told me they were on their way. Without asking if I could come in, I brushed past the sad lad and went into a smoke filled room where Chingis looked at me with a startled expression. Before he could say a word I ordered him to clear the smoke from the room and prepare for company. I looked at the woman on the bed. She was very pale and if I did not know better, would think she had very few breaths left. 
Chingis opened the window and looked at me and asked, “You know how to help Ponlin? She has been like this since we moved into this place. I have done all I can but she just gets worse.” 
“I have summoned help and they should be here soon. Take your daughter and son outside and wait. It is out of our hands now” I told him. He just stood there, so I gave him a push. “When the healers arrive, we will talk. Now go.”
I hoped it was not too late, but suspected the worst when Frindlass arrived, followed by Lusherina and Shandra on Sharazat's back. They seldom all came together. I knew I was in the way so I went out to talk to Chingis. We sat on the ground near his front door. I looked at him and he was staring at Sharazat, as if he had not seen a griffon before. 
They looked at me as if I was the reaper, here to bring bad news. I looked at Chingis and asked why he had not asked for help to heal his wife. He told me he had no money for healing or anything else. 
“Didn’t Firres explain about how things are here?” I asked in disbelief. 
“She mentioned many things. I did not listen well. Just wanted to live in peace. I’m so tired of war and death,” was his reply as he looked at the ground. “I do not remember much about this place but knew we would be safe here.”
“Then my dear boy, you will need a few lessons and this time you will listen or I will take you by the ear till you do. It was not easy for me when I first arrived to adjust but I accepted all for what it was. First lesson. You need no money, gold or currency of any type. You just need ask. All here will do what they can and all you need do is what you can if they ask for help. Guess it would be called a barter system. They give what they can and you do the same when you can. If you can not, it will never be held against you.” I paused to see if anything sank in. 
Then I continued with, “Am I right in assuming that you slept and woke up here, to find many things you brought gone?” He nodded with a surprised look on his face. “Do not be surprised. It happened to me too. You are left with no more than what you need and a sword is not needed here. It is how the dragons judge us and our worth, as best I can tell. You need not watch the house, she is in the hands of our best healers. They possess powers I can not even fathom. She will survive or we would know by now.” At least I hoped we would have known. I was worried too but would not show it to these children. “Tell me what you remember from here and about your life outside. I do not need any more than you are willing to share with me.”
He looked down again, “Not much I remember about this place. Never learned writing or reading. Father had me training with weapons as long as I can remember. Mother was always near but other than making food and cleaning me, I do not remember her outside of the house. There were dwarves around, building. Then they argued with dad and left. We left soon after when the dragons came. They were so angry but I do not know why.” He paused and glanced to the house for a moment then continued.
“Remember we wandered for a long time till dad found a town he could take over. We took it and built a castle and strong walls so it could be defended. He was always fighting with someone, then taking what he wanted. I was taught to fight and kill. As soon as I was old enough I was put in charge of my own troop. They are the ones you talked out of coming here. You do speak very well. You had them fooled but I knew it was the right pass.” He smiled as he said it. 
“For one who has had no schooling, Chingis, you speak well too. I do hope you won’t hold what I did against me. I only did what I could to protect my home and friends.”
“I learned speech from an old woman in a village we stayed in after taking it by force. My woman is her daughter. Even after being beaten, they were all kind to me. I’d never seen that, and I liked the feeling. It was after meeting you. I started thinking about quitting war. Dad was not happy when I told him. We argued a lot, so while he was on a campaign, I took my woman and children and left. I do not know why but I came back up the trail where we had met. If the supplies hadn’t been there at the camp, I think we would have died. We ate well and slept there to wake here in a cave west of here.”
He continued by asking, “Why do I find it so easy to talk to you? It is as if I have known you for many years and trust you with my life. I’ve never trusted anyone that way. Maybe that dragon drugged me.”
I smiled and was about to speak when Lina rushed into the clearing on Celestia. She dismounted and rushed inside, without a word to us. I had to assume she had special herbs in the bag she carried. The children stared at Celestia as did Chingris. “Am I right to assume you do not know all the creatures in the valley?” I asked him.
 “I did not see much as a child. Are these creatures real?” He looked so stunned and bewildered, I had to chuckle.
“Yes my boy, they are real. I too was amazed when I saw them all. There is much in this valley you may find strange but in time you will accept them as I have. I never dreamed a place like this was possible but now this is my home. These are all my friends.” I asked Celestia to come and be touched by the children, if she didn’t mind. They wanted to ride her and saw them open their mouths wide as Celestia told them that she was Lina’s unicorn. They were shocked that she spoke without saying a word.
“That is the way here children.” I explained. “Many here use their mind to communicate since as humans we do not understand tail wags or the sounds they make from their mouths. Like my friend Sharazat over there.” He rose and moved closer as I waved him over. “He cannot fly but he runs like the wind as you have found out. He is a very good friend. There are creatures here that I only believed were in a person’s mind. Maybe once your mother is well again, you can go see them all.”
Shandra came out and we all stood to hear what news she had. She showed no emotion when she looked at us and said, “She sleeps now. We must all stay here for a few days. She carried the plague. Frindlass says she has not passed it on so you are all well, but must stay. Only time will tell if we were successful in getting it out of her. She is a strong woman so we are hopeful. Sharazat you go and warn all that they must avoid this place for now. We cannot allow others here. Not yet. You children and men will stay outside for now. You can see her later.” She turned and went back inside before anyone could say a word. 
Chingis held his children close and tried to comfort them but I could see he was in need of comforting too. I was not the best at that, but did what I could by placing my hand on his shoulder. “Have faith my friend. I know the ladies will do what they can and that is much.’ My mind flashed to the loss of a child and how inadequate I was then.
I walked to the door and opened it to see the women chatting while they washed and scrubbed the house. Frindlass was watching from a side window. I told them I would stay out of the way, I just wanted to see how they were. All I got was a couple of we are well’s and to get out in no certain terms. A couple of words I would never repeat. I quickly asked Lina where our child was. Mina had been told to stay with Pelkie till we returned. Humbly I thanked Lina and closed the door before I heard more unfriendly words and was sure I heard the word, siúeila, which is a nasty way of saying I should leave.
Chingis heard it all and asked why I allowed my woman to speak to me that way. I smiled and told him she is my partner, not my possession. I do not restrict her. To do that would defeat the love we have for each other. I asked him if he did not allow his wife to have her say and freedom to do what she wished. When he told me that since he was the man, she had to listen, I laughed out loud and told him to be ready for a fight since many women here will change that attitude, his wife would learn quickly.
Half chuckling I said, “Women here stay with a man because that is what they want, not because they have to. You have much to learn Chingis. I do hope you will open your mind to accept new and better ideas than what the outside world has taught you.” 
The next few days passed slowly as I got to know Chingis and his children. His wife grew stronger daily and with the help of Lina and Lusherina, the worst had past. On the fourth day any restrictions were lifted. Maytoa, the seamstress and Mazino, Dafeg’s wife, came to bring welcome gifts and offer any help. I could see Chingis and his wife were overwhelmed by the kindness shown. It would be a while before she could travel any distance, so Lina and I decided that we would miss the Gathering this year and stay to help them while all the others went. 
Even Mina did not mind as she had a new brother and sister to play with and show around. Mina had talked one mule into being their ride, as they knew they had to stay close enough to be home when the day ended and with the mule they could go further and still be back in time. At least till Chingis and Ponlin were more accustomed to life here and knew no matter were or how far the children went, they would be safe and watched over.
The day they came back riding a bear, because they had gone a bit far, shocked their parents. It was obvious that adjusting would take some time. Ponlin had not grown up without being close to her parents or ever being far from home, so it would take a while before this mother would let her children go anywhere for more than a day. 
We talked about the Gathering and I could see a twinkle in Ponlin’s eye. I knew she wanted to see everything there, as much as all wanted to meet them. Lina saw it too and had a brilliant idea. If Ponlin could not walk far she would just have to ride. That way no one would miss the celebrations. After a long discussion to convince Chingis that all would be well, it was agreed. Sharazat would take him and his wife and their children would come with us. 
On the evening before we were to go, I brought the boat to Seshi’s home and tied up there. We spent the night in our field house so we could get the children early and set out. Mina went to get the children as soon as the sun started to rise above the mountains. Then Sharazat returned with their parents and we assured them they would be fine. It was obvious they were nervous riding a griffon but they would get used to it. They disappeared in a cloud of dust as we took the children to the river.
Mola and Chanis liked the boat but were very hesitant in getting in. I thought that a bit strange till they told me they couldn’t swim. They had never been in water that could not be walked through. I convinced them with Lina’s help, that all would be well and since it was a calm day there would be no bouncing across the lake. We would make sure they stayed safe. They sat near the front where Mina had taken her usual position. In little time we were gliding on the lake and Chanis was rowing with me. They relaxed and we had a good time singing and laughing at children’s silly jokes.
Lina and Mina told them about the fairies island and why we gave it a wide berth. They wanted to see the fairies but after much explaining, understood that they would only see them if that is what the fairies wished. Mina mentioned and told them about hers and was overwhelmed with questions that kept her busy till we arrived at an inlet that had my name on a sign so only one coming from the water could read. It was a neat docking spot, but why had someone dug it out? I was fine with a nearby tree we had always used before.
We glided in and as I tied the boat up, Azag walked up and asked how I liked his present. I admitted that it was a very pleasant surprise. I thanked him and Lina and Mina hugged him, as their thanks. It had taken him three days to dig it deep enough and he was grinning so much, it was obvious he was very happy about it. He had Dafeg build the dock along the one side. 
We all walked to the road and there waiting were Chingis and Ponlin. They had a room at the new Inn and did not want to go to the Gathering without us and their children. Mina took Mola by the hand and they were off with Chanis at their heels. I took Lina on one arm and Ponlin on the other. We walked through the trail to the clearing and I turned my head slightly and asked Chingis, if he was coming. As we entered the clearing and saw all the stalls, with so many creatures and people milling around, Ponlin gasped. She had never seen so many in one place unless they were carrying weapons. Lina took her to look around and told me to make sure we got our usual shelter. I only had to glance in that direction to see that Azag who brought our provisions had already laid them there.
I looked at Chingis, who was looking around as if he wasn’t sure if he would run or stay frozen to the spot. I said, “Come my boy, let us get a drink and see who is around.” We strolled over to the sitting area as he looked this way and that, constantly asking if I had ever seen this or that. I keep saying yes I had. 
We sat down and were drinking, well I was, but Chingis was busy still looking around that he never realized that I had introduced him to Slamore as she came to greet us. When he saw her standing in front of him his mouth dropped open and I had to apologize for his lack of decorum. She giggled and said she had seen that look before, but ignored it then too. She said that most newcomers are like that, adding I had the same look when we first met.
I finished my drink and explained that everyone here was equal and deserved respect. In time he would be talking and dealing with others as if he had been here his whole life. Just then Ayreid approached us with more drinks. I introduced him to Chingis and we sat and talked about crops, weather, as we usually did. As the sun started setting the ladies found us and soon after the children came. We went to our shelter and shared a meal.
Chingis sat as I had my pipe and said he wasn’t sure he could adjust to everything here. I told him, “You must look past the bodily forms and see the real souls that lived within. When you see them for their true selves it will be much easier to accept their differences. It is not the package that makes a person, but what is inside. It did not take me long as I was looking to end my life when I arrived and thought this all a dream. Of course, now I know better. In time you will too son. Just open your mind and accept us for who we truly are.”
The children were getting sleepy so Chingis took them and his wife to their room for the night and said he would return in the morning. Lina and I curled up in our furs and slept well in each others arms. 


Chapter Twenty Three

The next morning we made all the rounds and talked with our friends and introduced Chingis and his family to all. One question kept coming up and made Chingis very nervous so we went to sit and talk about it. He had no idea as to what he could do here. He had been a soldier all his life and there was no need for that here. I suggested looking around and if anything caught his eye he could try it. There was no pressure to do anything and in time he would find something he enjoyed. 
I had to admit that if not for Lina and wanting to be with her, I had no idea what I wanted to do when I first arrived. The trade I had was of no use here. All news was word of mouth as were emergency notices. There was no need or wanting of a newspaper so a printer was of little use. It was good that I liked to work with my hands and never minded hard work. Chingis said he would see and we got up and looked over all the stalls. 
He stopped at one of a wood carver, and spent a long time talking to its keeper. I stayed back in case I might say something to influence him in any way. He needed to make the decision on his own. Lina came up and asked what we were doing, so I explained to her.  She smiled as she told me that she remembered that he did a lot of drawing when he was young. 
We went to a few more places and heard more conversations till we finally returned to our shelter for a quick meal before a night of dancing and celebrating. When Firres arrived and made the introductions of new ones, Chingis and his family seemed a bit embarrassed but he danced with the rest of us and got very drunk and looked like a small child as Azag carried him to his room. 
On the last day, Mina spent most of the day with Mola, and her friend Saki and her new kittens. Lina kept Ponlin busy with what I assumed was shopping and talking to all the other females. Chingis and I talked to more artists and he did have a very long talk with Wenishee. 
We got together for the ceremony and danced the night away again. We only took a break long enough to place our tired children to bed in our shelter. The sun was coming up when Lina and I went to rest and I realized I had not even noticed when her son had gone. We knew there was no point in sleep so we had some food and packed up our things for the trip home. We were ready to go when Chingis came and asked if he could go with us. His children had told him of the boat and he wanted to see it. 
It would be tight with all the supplies but we were happy to have them. After loading the boat we shoved off and I rowed us around the island then let Chingis take a turn rowing as I put up the sail so it would be easier with the slight breeze. Ponlin looked nervous and I found out she could not swim either so told them to visit and they would learn. Mina and I would teach them. Chingis admitted, he could keep his head above water but could not swim well. I could see that Lina and I would be doing a bit of teaching in our spare time. 
Between taking turns at rowing and the sail we reached the cabin in very good time. There waiting were a few deer and Chingis said something about meat for the winter and Lina gave him a scolding for even thinking of hurting our friends. We explained that most meat came in from outside the valley as far as I knew, as here all were safe and very welcome friends. On the rare occasions an animal was at the end of his life, they would sacrifice themselves. We gave them a quick and honoured end if that is what they wished. Even the animals that hunt others to survive are considerate of the ones they take.
The women went to chat as the children played and we men unpacked. I was always surprised that the load coming home was bigger than what we took. Never seemed to have more things around here, so it seemed a bit strange. As soon as he had his things off and sorted, we bid Chingis and his family farewell. Lina walked them to the orchard so she could be sure Ponlin could make the trip home, since Chingis had his hands full with all the clothing and other things they had picked up. 
It was after dark when Lina and Mina returned. They had gone all the way after they asked a mule for a ride for Ponlin, who had gotten very exhausted on the walk. Lina had given Ponlin a potion to help her sleep. It would be a while longer before she would be fully recovered and the Gathering had taken a lot out of her. Lina would go and regularly check to make sure all was well. 
The next months went well and quietly. By harvest time Lina was only dropping by to see Ponlin when we went between the house and cabin. I had not had a chance to visit with weeding and harvest. Whatever caused the rapid growth had stopped so all crops grew at same rate and the trees were back to their slow growth although they were at full height now. It was nice to have a full forest where only open fields had been. The unicorns were very happy with it. They had the whole east side to roam in and I even noticed one or two south of the garden so knew they were going around the garden and roaming much further than before.
Ponlin was fully recovered and had started to help at the Garden Inn when they got busy. She was a very good cook and even had her children helping on the rare occasions they were not off playing with Mina. Life had settled to a very pleasant day to day routine. Chingis was painting pictures that he took and gave to anyone who liked them, which was everyone. He painted very lifelike landscapes, but his portraits were the most popular. He had a real knack for looking once or twice and then painting exactly what he saw. 
 When the harvest was done and everything was checked and put away, we spent time playing with the children. Over the summer they had learned to swim and now they were in the water most of the time. Their parents were a bit less anxious but they joined us and had as much fun as the little ones. Lina and I knew we would see less of them over the winter so spent as much time as we could with them before then. 
For some reason there was something about Chingis that bothered me. I never told Lina or him but I had gone to see him, but he wasn't home. I had opened his front door to call in case he was inside, and had seen paintings that upset me a lot. What he showed everyone was beautiful, peaceful but what he had inside the house were scenes of war and death.  
I thought maybe it was his way of getting demons he had out, but why keep them and display them? I had talked to Firres and Baeldras about it and they told me to relax as they knew and were watching. They were in a better position and knew more than I so I left it in their hands but my fear and doubts never left. I wanted to tell Lina but she did seem so happy that her lost son was back, I hated tossing my doubts in and upset her. She had finally told me she was no longer suspicious and I did not want to bring her doubts back. 
Chingis had his suspicions of me, I was sure. I could not accept him as he presented himself. I thought maybe because his whole life had been war, but there was something in the way he carried himself and was always looking around. Since his wife had been healed he was constantly asking about who was where and how many were there. It was not just me either as Ayreid had told me of the strange questions. We thought maybe because of his soldiering, he never had normal conversations and agreed to give him a chance to change. 
Now that I had been told the dragons were still watching him, I was more nervous. So much so that after Mina had gone to sleep, I took Lina to the hot spring and told her how I felt. To my surprise she told me that she too had doubts about his honesty. She had believed after the Gathering, he had found a way to fit in and was adjusting but lately he seemed to be pushing her away. She had no doubt that Ponlin and the children were honest but Chingis was another matter. 
She was shocked when I told her of the paintings I saw. She had been in the house but never saw those. Of course there were many against a wall but she assumed they were more landscapes of the valley. She had not looked through them. We talked more and held each other close. It was all in the dragons’ hands now. They have protected the valley for millennia and they would not stop now. They would do what is right for the valley.
On the way home I told Lina that I would have to talk to Chingis eventually. Things could not be as they are now till whatever is bothering us is out in the open. I wanted to be sure we did not talk alone so would be sure Baeldras was listening in. He would be able to tell much more than I could but I needed to hear Chingis's story from his mouth. I hoped it was only his past and he could not let it go easily and not what I thought it was. 
There was time over the next few days, so I decided to go after I made sure we had all our winter supplies in place. That would take a day and on the next day Mina was to go with the wolves for the day. Lina would be at the garden with Ponlin and her children so that would leave me and Chingis alone to talk. I made sure it was alright with the dragon. It was, so it was set. 
On the morning of the confrontation, I took Lina to pick up Ponlin. She met us on the road and was obviously crying. After calming her a bit, she blurted out that he was gone. He left the night before and told her when he came back she would be a queen. He had burnt all his pictures and taken a day’s supply of food and said he would be back with his army. I immediately called out to Baeldras, but was answered by Moraytha, telling me to take the women to the garden and stay there. He would come to speak when they were done with an old foe. That told me they had it well in hand.
I did as I was told. Frindlass was at the garden and stayed as we just sat and waited. We talked about what could be happening, and although my large green friend knew, she was not telling. All she said was, that all would be well in time. I accepted her judgment, since she was much wiser than I. Several dragons flew over at a very great height and then a chill ran down my back when I spotted Zofiya pass over through an opening in the fluffy clouds. I knew whatever was happening was serious.
The dragons, I assumed, were getting ready or were involved in a battle. Last time I saw a Gathering with as many as I saw today, was when the town had been levelled. In my mind I said a prayer for them all. Frindlass looked at me and said “thank you child.” I could feel her calming mind waves directed at the women and children. Late in the afternoon Mina came and was telling us about her adventure in the woods, but my mind was elsewhere. 
We ate and saw flashes high in the southern mountains as the sun went lower. No sounds, but there were flashes of light that I assumed were fire from the dragons. The darker the sky grew the more flashes were evident. I took the women to the house so we could let the children sleep. They had no concept of what was happening or so I thought. The women and I sat outside and watched the sky. I knew we would not sleep tonight. 
 The evening air grew chilly and Lina and Ponlin went in but I sat and smoked my pipe. Lina came out with a cup of coffee and informed me that everyone was sleeping and I should too. She did not insist as she knew my mind was with those in the mountains. She kissed me and told me to call her if I needed anything, before she went inside again. 
Several more dark shapes flew over toward the battle. Frindlass also went there to heal wounds. Before she left she told me to pray and have faith. Although they were fighting a great evil, they would prevail. She was sure of that so I took that glint of hope and told her I would pray for all involved. As I bowed my head in prayer, I felt the minds of many others doing the same. 
As I prayed, an image formed in my mind of dragons battling dragons. Flames flashing and energy balls crashing into the huge beasts. Big claws raking at each other. I saw several dragons crash to the ground and not move. Such a thing I had never seen, or thought possible. It had been my impression that dragons did not destroy their own but obviously that was wrong, if what I saw was true. I saw griffons fighting too.
There were men all around, some slashing with swords. Archers shooting at the dragons. Many men were sliced in half by sharp claws and lay dead all over. One was hiding behind rocks as a flame engulfed him and he was gone. I could not tell who was on which side. Flashes of beasts fighting, men dying, and such power and destruction, from all sides. It was as if the whole world had gone crazy. I tried to shut the images out, but they kept coming.
I was so overwhelmed by the sights I saw, I never even noticed the sun had come up and I had been joined in my prayers by Lina and the others. It was only when Pelkie brought a large pot of coffee that I noticed them all around me. I told them all would be well, since it was obvious that they were worried. I did not tell them what I saw. No need to get them too upset. 
I did get a surprise when Mina, wiped tears from my cheeks and whispered in my ear that all I had seen was from Zofiya and the dragons that lived here were well, if not a bit scared. I gave her a kiss and hugged her tight, which ended in a group hug when everyone joined in. We drank our coffee and talked about going to the cabin but decided we should stay here.
Occasionally faint screams of pain and dragons mourning were heard and suddenly a thunder of dragons flew overhead heading north, away from where the battle was. Frindlass returned too and without a word went inside her cave. Some griffons flew over and we could only guess that the battle was over and we were safe again. It was not long before Zofiya glided over. She sent the message, "It is done. Mourn the ones who sacrificed themselves." 
Everyone who had any healing powers or could help arrived to care for those who needed it. It was a full moon passing before Sharazat was able to get out and carry anyone without pain. He had lost part of one wing and limped a bit. Frindlass had a fresh scar as did many of our dragon friends, and even little Nickolaus, had not come out of the battle unscathed. He had always been full of kindness, but now was distant and was seldom seen playing with others.
Lina and I had gone to the battlefield and helped with burials, as many others did too. Watching the cremation of the dragons and other creatures was so sad. I shed many tears, as the others did. It all seemed so senseless. No matter how long my life, I would never understand why the world could not live at peace. No man is better than another, as no creature is either. Some know more than others, but that does not make them better. If we could only take what we needed and share any extra with those who have less, the world would be such a beautiful place.
I saw a large, suitable stone and asked Bear's son, Hathas to carve a cross and the outline of a dragon on it as a memorial to those who died, and a warning to anyone else who came here with ill will. He did and added the shield symbol that the warriors had. I placed a charred shield against it and laid a broken sword on the ground. I stood almost paralyzed looking at the stone, till Lina took my hand and we followed the rest back into the valley.
It was very sombre in the valley for several moons. Life went on and Ponlin and her children became a vital part of life here. She had mourned the loss of her man, but not for long as I would have thought. She was a strong woman, and thought only of her children now. By the time the days started growing longer, it seemed all was back to the way it was before, but what happened would never be forgotten.


Chapter Twenty Four

Many snows came and went. How many? I am not sure, maybe ten, maybe more. It matters not, the battle was seldom mentioned, but it was in the minds of many for a long time. Everything and everyone was at peace again. We had all gone back to our daily routines, with minor changes in some.  Other than migrating herds, we had no more new arrivals from the outside. We did have several births among the people and animals. As the field helpers grew older, they did more so I did less in the fields. Stepping back so others could take over. I did supervise, but since everyone knew their jobs, that did not take much. We now had three full large fields in cultivation. 
Mina had grown into a beautiful young woman, who out ran any animal and swam as a dolphin. Although we taught her all we knew, she listened as one who was well beyond anything we had to give her. I was sure she was humouring us but loved her and occasionally got the impression that I did give her information she did not have before. She spent many days in the mountains, talking to the dragons and learning from Zofiya. 
I assumed that is who she was with, since there was little reason to go there if she had a romantic interest. She knew if that happened we would welcome them as if they were our own. She had free rein to go and do whatever she wanted. She had come of age and her life was now her own to do with as she pleased. Lina had given her the coming of age ceremony. They were gone for two days and what happened I have no idea. I was only told it was for females only.
She had left the cabin, last snowfall and made the house at the fields her home. We saw her often so it was not so hard to let her go at what most would consider a young age. Mina had all she needed to be on her own and here age meant very little. 
I had given the boat a new home near Seshi's home at the bridge, so visitors could use it. There had always been much interest in it and it was greedy to not share it with others. It was not unusual for folks to sail over to the cabin and thank us for allowing them to experience sailing. Since travel here was fairly easy and the lake was the water supply for all, the boat was a novelty and there was no need to use it as transportation. 
The centaurs had enlarged their space and were keeping to themselves more. The exceptions of course were my friends, Slamora and Vinall who often came by to chat and see how I was doing. They informed me that they were cultivating medicinal herbs so all would have them if they were ever needed. The males had started to take archery practise much more seriously. They had an elf showing them how to modify their bows so they sent the arrows further and straighter. Next Gathering they would display their proficiency in a contest.
Ayreid had told me the elves were sharpening their archery skills also. With the help of the dwarven smiths, they had come up with several new arrowheads that could penetrate any armour. The dwarves were mining more ore, so they too were making the trappings of war. Although no one said it, I knew if there was ever another battle to keep our valley safe and peaceful, the dragons would not be alone. It saddened my heart that everyone here thought they should arm themselves. 
It had been so comforting to know that weapons were not needed here. That children could walk the forest paths alone at night with no fear. That everyone you met was a friend and meant no harm to you, or expected any from you. I saw elves meet dwarves and end up in mock battles. It frightened me that this peaceful place had changed so much because of one encounter. 
Two winters back, Zofiya had told me, at our only meeting since the battle, that she could do no more. The valley could be penetrated by the two passes, but only by a strong force that could over power the dragons. Even an invisible force would be detected, since all minds gave out signals that dragons would hear or feel. She did give me some hope when she told me the next Guardian would do more and seal the valley from any such penetrations. Then only one who was invited, would get in through the barrier. 
Zofiya's time was coming to an end. After the next Gathering, she would leave the valley, never to return. Mina's time would come. She would take over with her helper. Zofiya would not say who that was or how they would help, but I had seen Nikolaus around the garden a lot and had a hunch that he was the helper. I knew he and Mina had formed a very strong bond from the first time they met. Other than an ability to fly very fast, he had not shown any other abilities but I was sure he had more than that.
Her mother and I had known for many winters that our child would become protector. It did not make seeing her go easier, but she would always be our girl. Soon she would belong to the valley too. It seemed as if she was leaving home for good yet, she would be still be around. I had always thought we would have more time before she took over the job of protecting the valley.
One day, while Lina was at the garden and I spent a quiet morning at the cabin, Mina and Nikolaus came to show me the many time lines that came together at the valley. With Mina in front and me behind her, we soared into the sky and in a blink we soared over a green landscape were, what looked like millions of bison grazed below us. A few looked up but returned to eating. I saw tepees on a hill and natives taking dead animals and preparing them for food and hanging skins to dry. 
"This is early in your time dad," Mina said. " We will show you others now." 
In a flash the scene below me changed and there were forests as far as I could see. The mountains in the distance were very tall and capped with snow. There was a village of straw covered huts ahead and as we circled it, I saw people in furs moving around and working a small field of wheat. I saw horses in corrals, a few cows grazing nearby. 
"This is the dwarves line, the elves are almost gone from here but some still live in the far woods. It is before what you know as middle ages", commented Mina
Again there was a brief darkness and the scene changed to a foreboding landscape. Few trees, rocks and dry soil all over. Many hills but not a mountain in sight. "Who lives here Mina?" 
"This is the original home of the dragons and griffons. They are watching us, but will not interfere. It is barren as the humans who lived here started to hunt them and were beaten at the cost of the land. The dragons regretted it but they had to survive. It was soon after this, they created pockets of safety, as our valley is." was Mina's answer. "Nikolaus, take us to the green island."
The land flashed below quickly. Soon we were over water and then a large green land came into view and we slowed again. Trees and clearings could be seen as could a large village. The houses seemed to be wooden structures. There was a garden at one end and a stream flowed through the centre of the village. Not many people could be seen but what I saw suggested the Victorian era to me. 
"This is well before the time of cave people. These humans will grow and fight constant wars, till all is destroyed and they will forget all they know now. Then they will start over. Regretfully they will always have their wars and without any controls will learn nothing from the past." Mina sounded so sad as she spoke. "If only their minds would grow as they themselves grew, but it is all history here." 
In a flash we were over a forest with trees of every colour and shape one could imagine. In the clearings were unicorns. Among the trees small glowing beings that I somehow knew were fairies. We crossed a large river or bay and saw centaurs pulling wagons, and talking to each other. They looked happy and occasionally a human was seen among them. All wore leather and carried weapons but they all seemed happy. 
"This is the time of fantasy, as you learned it father. Before humans from the south came here and tried to control these peace loving creatures. If the humans were not so greedy and domineering, all could have lived in peace. There are two dragons here watching over our friends. You know one of them as Myri. We cannot meet her as it will be too hard for you, but she knows you are here. The other is only known as the ancient one. He speaks to no one. Very soon they will open our valley to protect these beautiful beings."
"You have learned much, my sweet child. I am pleased that you have grown up so well. Why have you shown me all this? I was content knowing there was a time when we all got along. Even though mankind had destroyed it all in my time."
"I wanted you to see the world that you had in your head, father. It is my gift to you, for all you did. You may think you have done little for the valley, but because of you and your love for all living things, the valley knows that not all humans are bad. They will accepted me better as their Guardian now. Zofiya suggested this, she knows you well." 
I hugged my daughter and gave her a gentle kiss. I never noticed that we were back at the cabin. I slid off Nickolaus and looked up at Mina and smiled. "You are so young dear girl, but so wise. You will be a very good Guardian. With the help of your friend, I am sure all will be safe." I spoke as I patted the neck of Nickolaus. I stood and watched them fly off before I sat down and lit my pipe.
Thinking about all I saw, I could not help but wonder why we could not go into the past and live in those worlds. Live in peace as we should have done all along. Then I realized that the past is but a shadow of what was, we could not take our modern thinking and go back. It would be disastrous. I have no idea how mankind will ever survive as a species or how he survived as long as he had already. As long as I was here, happy and content with my family and all my friends, it did not matter. Mankind would either learn or die. 
I thought about all I saw, with a sadness. As I sat, all the animals of the forest came by and said nothing, they just walked up, nodded their heads and walked off. Strange, I thought, they usually say something in greeting. I nodded acknowledgement and just watched as they continued for what seemed like hours. Suddenly I got a chill and felt a fur fall over my shoulders. 
It was then I noticed the sun was gone and Lina was wrapping me from the chill of the night. I looked at her in confusion. She smiled as she kissed me and said, "You were sleeping so I let you, but the night is cool and if you are awake, come inside love, you will find it much warmer." She smiled as she led me inside. She was right about warmth. With her under the furs it got very warm.
I asked her about the animals and she looked very serious when she told me I must have dreamt that. It was not the first time I had that dream. It always bothered me but why now. I never felt better and even in my time I would not be that old. I had asked Frindlass if I was dying and she had only said that I was very healthy for a human as old as I was. I wasn't sure if that was a compliment or not but she would not say more.
I pushed the dream and what it meant from my head. I worked harder in the fields and spent more time with my daughter, when she wasn't off with the dragons. I didn't want to let her go but I knew it was a necessity. Seems my thinking had not fully changed from what I had grown up believing. To me Mina was just a girl yet. In this world she was fully grown and a very important, respected person. As a parent I did not want to let her go yet, but I knew it was time and I would always have her back if she ever ran into problems. 
I got to know Nickolaus better and knew he would protect Mina with his life if necessary, as she would do same for him. Together they were a very well matched team. Nickolaus had told me that not only did he fly faster than all the others, but he could jump from one place to another with a mere thought and that is why we popped from one time period to another so fast on my tour. It would be very advantageous to not only travel fast, but time travel. It made me sure that Mina was in very good company.
Lina's grandchildren had found their paths in their life here. Chanis was a very good artist and had moved to the elf village so he could paint with Wenishee, as his teacher. They got along quite well from what I saw. 
Mola had a knack for making clothes from whatever she found. I had my doubts but all the females loved it, and a couple other seamstresses even copied her styles. The leaf dress Lina had was, I must say, very attractive. Of course it never lasted too long but was easily repaired if you lost a leaf. Many of Mola's new materials were like that. She softened birch bark, then added the leaves on the outside. It was not as durable as cloth but much easier to find. I had to admit her fall outfits were very colourful. 
Things were all quiet and everyone was at peace in this world. I was still worried about all the preparations for war. Even if it was as a defensive move, it bothered me. I could only hope it was all for nothing. Some of the animals were very nervous too and I did all I could to assure them that it was not to hunt them. Unfortunately I do not think I was too reassuring. With my own doubts, I could not sound as sure as I should have.
I knew Zofiya would be watching as the dragons were, so just had to wait and see if they would intervene or let everyone continue. Mina had hinted that there was a plan in place, in case it went too far, but would not say anymore. We all wanted peace to be ourselves. Why some always needed to have weapons of war to be peaceful, I had never understood. Doubt I ever would. 
Time for the Gathering was close and we got ready, but Lina and I would have missed this year if it had not been requested that we be there. As Mina had grown and started to be away more, we had spent more time alone and away from others. We realized that we had interacted with others before, because our daughter needed to see and meet more than just us. Now we enjoyed our own company more. Mina had realized that and made sure we knew she needed us at this years celebration. 
I packed the boat and with Lina sitting ahead of me we set off across the lake. We did not know it, but this would be our last Gathering. Destiny had other plans for us.


Chapter Twenty Five

The Gathering was as it had always been, yet something seemed different. Lina and I found our shelter decorated with flowers and boughs. A new large fur was there as were many bottles of drink of all kinds. Hanging on one side was a beautiful leather dress with leaves and flowers all over it. A pair of pants and shirt with many animal shapes stitched on it was hanging next to the dress. 
Shandra had met us at the entrance and lead us to our shelter. She told us that the clothes and decorations were everyone's way of showing how much they cared for us and appreciated our friendship. I complained that this was not necessary as we knew and loved them all too. I could not think of how I would ever repay this kindness but was sure Lina and I would think of something eventually. 
Shandra waved a couple of her coven over and whispered to them. They took up positions on either side of the shelter as she said, "These girls will see to any need you have Vold, Lina. I know you did not want to come this year but we will make it well worth it for you. It would not be the same if you had stayed away. Enjoy yourselves and we shall see you later." 
Shandra walked off as the two girls she left stood there waiting for orders I assumed. I knew we had no need of servants so asked each their names. Manita and Ranc, were both full elves and kept curtsying, whenever they spoke. It was a bit annoying so I asked them, "You are here for the full Gathering, to do whatever we wanted?" They nodded and said yes in unison. "Then my dear girls, if you wish to make us happy, I need you to go back to Shandra and thank her, but also tell her that we are quite capable of caring for ourselves and will. Please go and enjoy the Gathering as young girls should." 
I shushed them off as Lina giggled behind me. I turned to her and planted a long kiss on her lips, mumbling how much I loved her. She mentioned how she liked it when I was firm and took control. I looked at her with the sternest look I had and said, "Good, make me food. Your man is hungry." I smiled and chuckled as she scurried off to prepare a meal, saying "Yes master." and giggling herself.
After eating we dressed in the new outfits that fit amazingly well. I even whistled when I saw Lina in hers. It fit her very well and showed off her form in what I thought was a very erotic manner. Sleeves that ended at her elbows and an open back the stopped just above her cute butt. Her breasts seemed to be fuller, if that was possible. I was tempted to make love but Lina must have realized that as she said, "Later dear, we should see our friends first." 
Usually we went around our separate ways and met later for a drink but today we stayed together. We never let go of each other, holding hands or arms around each other’s waist. Talking to our friends we made our way around the gathered crowd. Everyone complimented us on the beautiful garments we had. When we got to Maytoa's stand, Mola was there so I thanked them for the clothes and told them to thank anyone else involved. They wanted to feign not knowing but I stopped that with my admitting their handiwork was quite obvious.
I was not sure why I had a strange feeling that something was different. Then it struck me. How silly I felt. Of course things were different, Mina was not with us. I did miss her and thought we would have more time before she left. Lina too was missing her and she was always looking around but Mina was nowhere to be seen. I was sure she would arrive later and for now we continued wandering from booth to booth, greeting and chatting with everyone.
We danced to the constant music and had some drinks of the elves’ sweet wine. I did not want to be drunk, so I avoided any strong drink. We were dancing slowly near the fire when Mina walked up and hugged us both. We all danced and swayed together. The night went too quickly and Mina said her farewells saying she would return in the morning. 
Lina and I talked for most of the night about missing our daughter. We knew she would be fine but as her parents she would forever be our little girl. I held Lina as she slept, but I stayed awake all night. My thoughts were on what was to come on the last day of the Gathering. I knew there should, at the very least, be an announcement about Zofiya leaving, since this would be her last Gathering, and Mina taking over. There may be a ceremony but I did not know for sure. 
Mina came early as I was sitting with Azag and having my morning pipe. She chatted with Lina before they went off to see Shandra and only told me they would be back later. I finished my pipe and went for a swim. I missed the times Mina and I spent swimming and playing but children grow and their interests change. I swam for a long time with only the birds chirping to keep me company. 
As I drifted on my back with my eyes closed, I was startled by a loud splash, then several more. Looking around I saw Mina, Wenishee, and many of the other young ones I had become friends with, all swimming and splashing. Lina swam up to me and said, "We couldn't leave you alone. When we saw you had gone we had to join you." 
We laughed and splashed for a long time. It was good to have my friends and family close, even though I knew this was probably the last time for quite a while. When Mina came to hug me, I thought we would drown in the group hug, since everyone was hugging and we slipped under the water. We came up sputtering and had a good laugh. Lina suggested we go eat as it was time for the midday meal and the music and dancing would start soon.
We danced and sang the night away, with Mina. It would a long time before I would let this memory slide away, if ever. Many young men asked Mina to dance with them but she refused them all. We held hands and danced close non-stop as the stars twinkled overhead and the music finally stopped. We went back to the shelter and laid together to sleep. It was a wonderful evening with my wife on one side and daughter on the other. It was a long time since we had slept this way and I dozed off with a smile on my face.
Next day I was woken by Mina, who handed me my pipe and coffee and sat with me as I smoked. We chatted about nothing in particular. I let her steer our conversation, but did ask about boys and things she had liked when she was younger. It did seem strange to chat of the old days, since she was still so young. She had learned much and I felt as if I had missed part of her childhood because she talked as if she had been away for years. 
Lina came and sat next to us, cuddled next to me, listening silently. We were interrupted a couple of times when others came over to chat. Mina stood and gave me a kiss on the cheek, saying it was time she went to get ready for tonight. I stood and gave her a big hug. I told her to take care of herself as she walked to the platform where Nikolaus was waiting for her. 
I sat with Lina and we watched everyone going about, to and fro, talking, doing business and having a good time. We spent the day at our shelter and I had a feeling of wanting to flee back to the cabin, but Lina kept me anchored here so I could watch our daughter take her new position as leader in the valley. 
As the sun started to go down, Lina took me to get a drink at the resting place. I suspected it was so we would be closer to the fire and dancing. She did love to dance and admittedly, I enjoyed it too now, with her. I left my drink and swayed and moved to the music with Lina in my arms. I was so caught up in the music that I failed to notice the Gathering dragons. 
Lina pulled me to one side as they started to land on the platform and the music stopped. Everyone had moved back as soon there were several of the large beasts on the platform and many more circling above. They sat still, with heads high and let out a low but steady hum that went right through me and I noticed others were feeling it too. Soon everyone was humming at this low frequency. The dragons from the platform sprang into the air and joined the many above, circling the Gathering place. 
Still humming we earth bound creatures swayed slowly, back and forth humming and watching the many dragons soaring above us. It was so mesmerizing. My mind was empty of all thoughts other than dragons soaring above, then suddenly I was looking down at the Gathering. It was a stationary view, with dragons circling below and I could see myself and Lina,  swaying with the crowd. 
I quickly shook my head and looked around and realized I had seen through the eyes of another. It was not new that I saw what another did, but it did startle me when it happened with no warning. Somehow I knew it was not from the dragons, but someone much higher and with a vision that could see details at a long distance. Maybe Zofiya or someone I did not know so well. 
The platform was empty, but for some reason my attention went to it. The bonfire and torches cast shadows over it that flickered and moved. I was focused on them, when suddenly the humming stopped and a loud shriek pierced the air. I knew that shriek from the past. I had heard it the days before I arrived in the valley. This time it was louder and continued longer. When it ended, Zofiya was on the platform, but I had not felt the rush of air from wings or seen her settle. She was just there. 
"All my dear children and friends. The time has come for me to leave you." Her tone was soft and calm, as she spoke in our minds. "I am needed elsewhere but you will be well protected by my successor. She is well loved and has taken over already. I am here to say goodbye to you all. Stay well and live in peace as you have for so long already."
In less time than it takes to blink an eye, she was gone and in her place stood Nikolaus with Mina on his back. I smiled at the sight of her in a long white silk dress. There was no cheer or applause, just a big gasp from all those gathered. 
Mina looked around and slid off her dragon’s back. She stepped to the front of the platform, then in a quiet, but firm voice, that came in our minds as much as from her lips, she said, "I will guard you as well as Zofiya has for all these centuries. You all know me and that I care for all here in the valley. I will continue to live among you as I have for so many winters already. Stay well my friends." She stepped back beside Nikolaus and there in the blink of an eye, they were both gone.
The gathered crowd just stood silently for several minutes, before the music started again. There was a lot of talk as everyone started dancing again. Most of it was about Mina and all were glad that she had taken over but there was a bit of worry too because they all knew how young she was. Most said they would wait and see how Mina handled any situation that arouse. I knew my girl would do a good job, but obviously many others were not sure. 
For the first time since I had come to the valley, Lina and I left the celebration early and went to our shelter. We would head home in the morning and got all ready. We slept for a brief time. I never lit my pipe the next morning and with Lina, I left very early. We left without a word to anyone.
We talked all the way home about how our girl would handle her new job. We knew we had raised her well and that the dragons gave her all they could. The rest she would learn on her own as she dealt with any threats. I expressed my misgivings about her staying accessible to anyone who came by, but then Lina said it may be a good thing so people could talk to her, about their doubts. It was up to her now, to calm the worried. We could only wait and see and support her as we always had and would.
When we arrived at the cabin, Mina was waiting for us. We hugged and I joked about hugging my Guardian angel. She helped pull the boat from the water. I could take it back to the other dock another day. We sat and talked about doubters and Mina told us that in two days she would seal the valley totally from the outside world so there would never be any chance of any accidental entering. She would convince any doubters with her actions as she realized her youth would not convince anyone.
I was curious about where Zofiya had gone and Mina told me that she had been asked to help another Guardian, who had no dragons to help him. It was a strange situation but Zofiya was sure she could help protect that valley and since ours was safe and Mina had taken over, she took this time to leave. Mina knew no more about the other place so I left it at that. 
We talked more but the sun had left the sky and Mina had things to do to get ready so we said our farewells and she flew off on Nikolaus. Lina and I watched stars a while longer before we went to bed. We were happy that our girl had grown so fast and well. Somehow I knew that she would do a wonderful job.
As she had said, on the second day after the Gathering the ground shook viciously. A strange wave crossed the sky and everyone working in the field had to sit to keep from falling. The shaking went on for a very long time. Although no one could stand and everything vibrated, not one dish was broken. Nothing fell off any shelf and no buildings damaged. It was a very strange event. Mina never declared the valley safe or any such thing. When the shaking stopped, we all went on with our daily lives, thankful that there was no damage to fix, this time.
Mina had asked her mother and I not to say anything, and we didn't. It was up to her to make any announcements that she deemed necessary. I would not interfere, even if I had known what to do. She was capable and would do a good job. Of that I had no doubt. I noticed that animals who spent winters here and migrated through the valley still came and went but no humans ever bothered us again. 
Even the guards, Baeldras and Moraytha, spent more time gliding over the valley at their leisure. My dreams still came occasionally but not as often now. Several years would come and go before the dream would be fulfilled. When it was, I would be very ready for it. Till then I had Lina and my work to keep me occupied.
Mina stayed close and lived as we all did. Other than having a dragon at her side, she seemed no different than anyone else. Of course we all knew she was but to us she was just Mina. Our very sweet beautiful daughter. Friend to all. Just as she had always been. Zofiya sent word once that she had her new protectorate in hand and we should visit one day and Lina was anxious to go but one day in the future. Now there was work to do here. 


As I write these words I hear Lina calling so will end my story here. If you want to come and see our peaceful valley, just close your eyes and think of Firres, our red dragon greeter. If you are peaceful and worthy, she will bring you in. I will be happy to show you around. 

If you wish to read more about our valley or this world, Look for the book 'The Valley and Beyond' to be published shortly, followed by more stories of this world.

Till we meet again my friends, I wish you all well, or as they say in the valley, 'Fhad 'sa bhios sinn a' coinneachadh a-rithist mo charaidean'.
