Volonians

  Mysteries of the 
  Vondercrat

__________


    Christopher F. Edwards Jr.
   Carlos O. Hardy


VOLONIANS: Mysteries of the Vondercrat
Copyright © 2013 by
Christopher F. Edwards Jr. and Carlos O. Hardy

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the authors.




Edited by:
Karen Kungie-Torres
karenkungietorres@gmail.com

Book Cover Design:
Sherman Lee Waysome
Joshua Briones

















Carlos’ Dedication

I dedicate this book to my four nephews and niece: Shawn, Donvonta, Terrell, Janar and Alexis.  My love for you is unconditional. I only want you to remember two things. First, I need you to remember that the only way to live life is to dream big.  And second, that the world will only reflect back to you how you feel about yourself.  So, let that reflection propel you to understanding and be a guide to where you desire to go.  To my family that has always been the center of my drive and inspirations: I appreciate your patience as I went on a journey in search of life’s most profound truth.  I am thankful that you all understood my desire to find my stride. I’ve finally found it.  For those moms, brothers, co-workers, kids, friends, fans, etc. who happen to come across this book: To you I graciously say thank you.  It is my truth that imagination creates worlds and will guide you into the perfect life, if only we will take a moment to imagine the possibilities.


























Chris’ Dedication

I dedicate this book to my three nieces, Karmyn, Camdin and Kerri, and to my nephew, Jett. Remember that your uncle loves you and that imagination is the portal that unlocks unlimited possibilities. Continue to reach beyond the stars. You can be, do, or have anything you desire.  Mom, Dad and Sisters: I love you so much. I finally wrote down all those crazy ideas and put them in this book!  To my family- immediate and extended: I appreciate your continued support. You have all helped shaped me into the man I am today.  To anyone who purchases this book: Thank you for supporting my dream. These are our thoughts, our imagination, and our love, on display for you to appreciate. We hope you love reading it as much as we loved writing it!





	























Preface
Volonia, considered The Gold planet, sits alone in its own galaxy 30 light cycles away. The surface appears dense, it is roughly the size of Jupiter, and its population is near 10,000,000. The planet’s sun, Vamo, sends rays of light down to the core, heating and lighting the planet’s massive sectors. 
To the naked eye, the gold planet is viewed as uninhabitable, but it is actually home to a populous of magical beings: Volonians, millions of beautiful, charismatic, expressive witches and warlocks.  They live inside the planet, hidden beneath the outer surface.  The Volonians possess an incredibly versatile molecular structure; they age five times slower than a human.
The Volonians are friendly, joyous and extremely powerful. Their magic is mighty, their spells are rich in tradition, and their rituals stand the test of time. The kingdoms are colorful with a rustic but traditional-- almost ancient feel. Upper Volonia is home to the aristocrats; Lower Volonia is where demoted Volonians choose to reside. Volonia’s five sectors each have their own way of life. It is every Volonian’s destiny to shift in status from class to class, each class shift bringing additional power and understanding of the individual’s purpose on Volonia. Every class is distinct in its own way.  
Some can levitate, create spells or morph, while others can merely disappear and reappear. The most powerful class on Volonia is Class Eight. If a Volonian is privileged enough to make it to this class, he or she is set among the elite, and his or her magic is enhanced to its peak. Most Volonians use their powers for the forces of good, but others choose to rebel against the House of Lords, the governing body elected to rule and distribute power among the Volonian people. 
Currently, The House of Lords has its hands full as it attempts to maintain a sense of democracy in Volonia. The resistance begins as Menace, a rebellious underground leader, amasses a brigade of evil Volonians.  His primary focus is to capture the planet’s untapped power and harness it to better serve his wicked purpose.












Chapter One
The Planet Volonia

A cloud of dust fills the dark, starless sky. A layer of golden dirt covers the planet’s surface for as far as the eye can see. The night seems lonely; the foreground is bare and uninviting.  It is cold and void of life, and energy seems to be almost forbidden. Not a person, place or thing is in sight.  
Arched high above the lifeless surface floats a massive, gold, meteor-like formation. It blares, heating up the dark night. The solid object, strategically placed high above the planet, a single protector of all things, is called Vamo. It is an ancient sun that has shone for billions of cycles. It sits alone, not a single other planet sharing its universe. This warming, golden sun gently lights the dark surface of Volonia, filling the void with a soft, glowing light.   
Suddenly a light beam cuts through the darkness-- a ring of fire. The ring falls, floating gently from the sky, landing on the dry, rocky surface. The fire morphs into a middle-aged man. Standing alone in the dark Universe is Viscera, one of Volonia’s prestigious Guides. He stands six feet tall with pale skin and blonde hair. He is impeccably dressed in a white robe and a flowing cape hanging from his broad shoulders. His face wears a look of exhaustion.  A black case appears, hovering in the air nearby. Peeking into the case, Viscera is moved to smile slightly, but it is a smile mixed with regret. An electric, oval portal appears in the distance. Viscera takes a heavy breath before reluctantly entering the portal.  
On the other side of the portal, he exits into a transit terminal. A few people move swiftly past him, some gliding, others levitating. A bright glow pulsates from the black case; it’s energy seeping into Viscera’s hand, then to his body. He pauses; his immediate glance at the ground tells us that something’s different. Viscera himself lifts from the ground, levitating. “What in the world?” He smiles. The glow ceases and Viscera quickly descends again. “So that’s what it feels like?” Viscera strolls through the station, hands firmly gripping the case. He arrives at two 20-foot white doors. He clutches the case tightly as he collects his thoughts; then, he places his hand to a metal square attached to the wall.  The doors open slowly. A cloud of smoke rushes into the station. Viscera walks cautiously thru the doors.  
A sign reading Welcome to Volonia greets him. He looks out into a plain white sky and allows his eyes to glance out over the beautiful city. The streets are congested with people bustling to and fro, some maneuvering around others who have stopped to congregate haphazardly. Towering buildings command the majestic background and give a sparkling shine to the place. The streets are made of a reddish brick that blends nicely with the surroundings-- ancient buildings kept in tip-top shape. Merchants occupy every corner, offering quick spells and magic tricks for all who will stop to hear them. Children perform novice magical tricks on door stoops; some of the children disappear instantly, leaving Viscera with only a lingering smile.  
Viscera walks swiftly towards two identical buildings, his head turning from left to right until he chooses the one on the left, Vasquire Towers. It is the tallest building in Volonia and just happens to be Viscera’s final destination.  
The edifice stands about 10 stories high, the exterior sparkling with a golden sheen as rays from the Volonian sun Vamo beam down through the atmosphere. Viscera pauses, he notices a sea of festive people harmony shifting happily in the street.  Harmony shifting is the act of moving your body to harmonies or melodies you enjoy. He tightens his grip on the black case and continues briskly up the walkway. A small boy runs toward him, his small, eager face smeared with dirt. He is dressed in a brown robe that hangs loosely on his frame, and his hat is tilted jauntily to one side. Viscera notices him coming and moves more quickly. 
“Sir, may I show you a magic trick?”  Viscera walks faster, the boy attempting to keep up with him.  Viscera ignores the boy and moves on. Experienced at this game, the little boy disappears and reappears at the door, in front of Viscera. 
“How did you do that?”  
“That was my magic trick,” the boy replies with a smile.  
Viscera seems unimpressed, his expression blank. “Okay where is it?” Viscera motions for the boy to hand it over. 
“I am not sure what you’re talking about, kind Sir.” The harried Guide notices a group of the boy’s friends waiting in the distance. 
“They’re waiting on you?”  
The little boy hurries to change the subject. “I have another trick for you.” 
“No more tricks. Hand it over.” Viscera kneels down. “Are you telling me that you’re a class two warlock?”  The little boy attempts to run away, but the power of the case glows brighter again.  Its glow is intensifying, and its power is piercing through the hinges of the case.  The glow expands its reach, its shine resting on the form of the little boy.  Mysteriously, this glow somehow lifts the boy, forcing him to rotate upside-down.
He screams as he dangles helplessly. “I’m sorry, Mister! I admit it! It’s a Cearian, given to me by a drifter!” A small device falls from the little boy’s pockets while his hands dangle helplessly below his head. Viscera cautiously puts the black case down and steps away. His eyes watch the bright light fading from the case as the little boy tumbles to the ground.  
“Thank you, Mister.” Viscera reaches into his pocket and hands the little boy one Volo, a coin commonly used for exchange in the Volonian markets. The boy smiles victoriously as he runs towards his friends and into an alley, where they congratulate him and scurry away.  
Viscera gingerly lifts the case from the ground, then curiously places it on the ground again, then lifts it again.  “That’s it? No more magic?”  Viscera looks up at the building, picks up the non-glowing case and continues his walk through two large, blue, glass doors, which magically open as he approaches. Two guards holding scepters stand just inside the entrance. They are large for Volonian men, bodies like Nubian Gods, boasting physiques only nature could sculpt: glowing, bronzed skin and rippling muscles spilling through their robes. One of the two guards motions to Viscera to stop. “Welcome back, Viscera.  How was the trip?” 
“I wouldn’t be much of a Guide if I told you,” replies Viscera. The guard lifts his wrist, connecting it with Viscera’s wrist. An electrical current illuminates from the connection. 
“You’re cleared. You may pass now.” The guard points to Viscera’s case. “So is that what I think it is?”  
“Yes, this is it. Every new class must get their wings, right?” Viscera picks up his case from the floor and proceeds down a wide hallway. “Is she here?” 
The guard smirks, his scepter drawn down to his side. “I wouldn’t be much of a guard if I told you.”  
Viscera smiles and continues down the hallway.  His footsteps echo on the marble floors and his eyes wander around the massive space. The walls are lined with paintings of older, ancient Volonian Lords.  Viscera stops at a painting to view the image of a man: colorful robe, extremely pale skin, grayish hair, and leaning on a cane.  The inscription beneath reads Greater Guardian Malyan Vulakan. Viscera bows as if to pay homage to the man in the painting.  He then resumes his journey down the long hall.
He eventually turns a corner and reaches another corridor that opens up to be nearly fifteen feet high.  He lifts his hand once again, placing his wrist near a metal plate at the door.  A voice acknowledges his presence. “Welcome, Viscera. You may enter.” The fifteen-foot tall doors open soundlessly and Viscera steps into a smaller room. It is dark, but Viscera places his wrist onto one final metal plate, and a growing portal appears.  Despite the intimidating security measures, Viscera walks through with an air of familiarity.  The portal leads him into a lobby where four more guards patrol, body types the same as the others-- muscular and intimidating.  They keep a close eye on the Guide.  “Good day.” The guards ignore him and stare straight ahead.  
A beautiful woman with golden, olive skin and draped in a shimmering, golden robe stands waiting behind a desk. Her hair falls loosely in waves to her mid-back. The two exchange pleasantries. “Viscera.” 
He nods. “Lola.” The woman moves from behind the desk, now standing in front of Viscera.  She smiles before extending her hand, her wrist draped in sparkling bangles.  Viscera smiles. “No hug? Just, Hand it over?” 
Lola smiles and gives in to the warmth of his familiarity. “I’m sorry,” she says, embracing Viscera. “I’m glad you made it back.” Viscera welcomes the hug. 
The guards keep a close eye on the two. One walks over and cautions, “Lola.”  The beautiful woman lifts her hand regally, assuring him it’s okay. “All right, that’s enough,” announces Lola. She takes a step back and extends her hand toward Viscera. “It was great to see you again.”  
A bit taken aback, Viscera lifts the case from the floor. “I guess connecting every few cycles isn’t so bad.” Lola takes the case. Her eyes search the room. She is hesitant. Then she abruptly kisses Viscera on the cheek. “What’s that for?” Lola turns and walks toward a door, then playfully turns back to Viscera.
“Just because.” She places her wrist near the door. Her bangles send tinkling echoes down the long, narrow hallway. 
“See you around?” A portal appears. Viscera lingers for an answer. He stares. Lola steps through the portal and is gone. 
Viscera waits an agonizing moment before turning to leave. Suddenly, his patience is rewarded, and Lola pokes her head out of the portal “Yes!” The portal quickly disappears.  
Viscera turns, beaming at the guards. “She said yes!” The first guard points to the exit toward which Viscera gladly walks. 

On the other side of the portal, Lola appears before a pair of bronze doors. Still holding the case, she pushes them open. The room is oval-shaped and welcoming, with everything neatly in its place and a few pictures hung decoratively on the walls.  A beautiful, reddish lounger invites her to the middle of the room, where a table made of clear crystal stands a few feet away. Lola slowly steps into the center of the room and carefully places the case on the crystal table.  She then holds out her hand and a square device magically appears. She firmly pushes a button on the device. “Marion, it is here.” 
In less than a moment an avalanche of golden smoke fills the oval room. A woman nearly six feet tall with black hair to her shoulders magically appears. She is dressed in a flowing white gown. A ruby necklace and matching ring accent her dress perfectly.  “Lola, my dear. Where is it?” 
Lola’s eyes fix on the case. “Just what you ordered.” 
Marion walks over to the case, her eyes glowing with excitement as she cautiously opens it. A golden light seeps out, illuminating the space around the case. Soon it is nearly blinding, and Lola needs to shield her eyes. “Honey, don’t cover your eyes. Accept it, loathe it, be it. The Orb of Vamo.” 
Lola slowly lowers her hand and gingerly opens her eyes. She allows herself to be immersed in the energy flowing from the case. She finds that she can’t move, and tears fall freely from her eyes. “Feels good, doesn’t it? Asks Marion.  “This is why we are here.” Lola’s eyes slowly widen as she hesitantly steps toward the case, entranced. Without warning, Marion closes the case. She smiles. “Addictive, isn’t it?” Lola, confused, shakes her head, trying to snap out of her trance. 
“What was that about?” 
Marion whispers, “Power and power only. You may return to Lordess Semelia. Thank you.” Marion smiles, closes the case and exits the room without another word.
Viscera exits the building and walks to the bottom of the stairs, seemingly in a daze. He pauses to stare out into the distance when he is shoved from behind. “What are you doing here?” asks Monoia. Monoia is another Guide from Volonia. Like Viscera, he is tall—six-foot two and good-looking, with pale skin and chiseled cheekbones-- everything a woman would die for.  
Viscera playfully shoves Monoia in return. “This is a pleasant surprise!” The two friends share a quick hug as they make their way to a bench where they sit down. “So where are you now?” 
Viscera, a bit reluctant, says, “Promise you won’t say anything.”
“I promise,” replies Monoia. He waits patiently, anticipating Viscera’s answer. 
Viscera holds up his wrist. “Swear on it.”
“You can’t be serious. We’ve known each other for over thirty cycles.”
Viscera stands with a look of uncertainty on his face. Monoia stands too, and places his wrist in front of Viscera. “Okay, you got it.” The two cross wrists and an electrical current bonds their hands. Their eyes glow for a moment, then return to normal. Viscera sits again, followed by Monoia. “Where are you? Tell me! It can’t be that scary.” 
Viscera crosses his legs. He glances out into the busy Volonian street. “The Cutters.” 
Stunned, Monoia yells out, “The Cutters?” Viscera rushes to cover Monoia’s mouth. 
“I knew you couldn’t handle it.” 
Monoia leans toward his friend, their noses almost touching. “Are you talking Lord Roman Cutter?” Viscera assents with a nod. “That is big. What’s it like?” 
Viscera uncrosses his legs and stands.  Monoia excitedly ushers his fellow Guide to sit again. “Spill it. Is it fun? Boring? I know you’re getting top Volo, right?”    
“Yes, yes and yes,” replies Viscera. “The family is great, but it’s a lot of responsibility.” 
Monoia pounds his hands excitedly on Viscera’s chest. “Are you kidding me? You’re set for life!” 
“That’s not the point,” replies Viscera.  He slowly starts to walk away, then turns back to Monoia. “This isn’t the life I chose, and I’m sure you didn’t wake up one day and say, ‘Mom, I want to be a Guide for the rest of my life.’” 
Monoia shifts his weight as he listens. Then he takes a step towards Viscera, laying a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “We can’t turn back the hands of time bro’. We are Guides. It pays well, and I’m making the best of it. If things change, great. If not, life goes on.” Viscera listens before conceding. His shoulders drop as he exhales. 
“You’re right. It’s just that at a younger age I had big plans for my life. 
Monoia gives Viscera’s shoulder a firm squeeze. “Be life bro’. Stop waiting for it.” Viscera smiles weakly as he lifts his hand. Magically, a Volonian timer appears. “I guess there are some perks to the job: magic on a premium.” 
The two share a parting hug. “I’m sure I’ll see you around,” Monoia reassures his friend as Viscera tightly shakes his hand. 
“Count on it,” smiles Viscera in reply. Then, he dashes over to a stoop where a few people wait. Above the sign reads Upper Volonia Transit Portal System: Quicker than the use of magic.  With a solemn wave, he bids a final farewell to Monoia. The portal opens, and he rushes in along with a dozen other busy Volonians.  Within seconds, Viscera pushes out the other side, exhaling before walking on.  

Straight ahead is an expanse of amazing, castle-style homes, each with its lawn manicured to perfection. Some exhibit moats in front, and all display flowers along their walkways. It is a wonderland of beauty. The homes stand three or four stories high; the decorative exteriors are colorful and modern. A few children romp in the street. They are all draped in identical but differently colored attire. Viscera waves to the smaller ones who ignore his friendly gesture and continue playing. A few of them disappear then reappear.  Viscera shakes his head in disapproval, as he walks toward one of the homes. Approaching the bottom of a short hill, he waits. He stares into a metal box attached to the castle. He places his wrist near it, and then waits for a response. The petulant voice of an adolescent boy announces, “You’re late,” followed by a teasing chuckle.  Viscera glances up at the house. 
“Broc, open the portal.” Viscera waits patiently. 
A playful voice returns, “What’s the magic word?”  
Viscera puts his hands in his pocket before responding hesitantly, “PLEASSSE.”  The boy laughs and a portal appears. Viscera steps inside. 

A circular foyer welcomes him. He pauses, admiring the rounded 20-foot ceiling adorned with masterful, detailed moldings. He notices a fragrant bouquet of flowers on a nearby table. He turns and bends down to smell them. “We like fresh!” Viscera yells out, his voice ricocheting off the walls. “Varah? Broc? Shenzara?” Viscera walks into the living quarters, which are massive. A few loungers are set in the center of the room, inviting a conversational mood. A few family photos magically float to adorn the walls. 
The same boy’s voice startles Viscera. “VU VOSAY, Viscera.”  Viscera glances around the room, yet sees no one. Then comes the familiar chuckle. “V, you fall for that every time.” A boy twelve-cycles old magically appears behind Viscera. He wears a fitted, black robe lined with gold embroidery. His youthful, bronze skin radiates underneath the natural light that spills down from the sky light in the ceiling.  His smile is big as can be. He’s a few inches shorter then Viscera, though, and a gold streak distinguishes the top of his head. 
“VU VOSAY to you as well, Broc.” 
Broc lifts to his tiptoes. “Well?” 
“Well what?” 
Broc stands side by side with Viscera, playfully jumping up and down. “Am I getting taller?” 
Viscera smiles. “You look the same as yesterday and the day before that.” Viscera, obviously annoyed, glances around the room. Broc playfully waves his arms in front of Viscera,  
“Are you sure?” Broc brings his hands together into a ball and conjures a spell. “VCO VU CON VCO.” A stool appears under his feet. He now stands face to face with Viscera. “How about now?”
“Funny. Someone has finally got that one down,” replies Viscera. 
“Yes, I’ve been working hard in school on my spells. My Auduit Alexander is fantastic. You want to see another?” 
Viscera shakes his head. “Where’s Varah?” 
Broc yells out, “MOM!” forcing Viscera’s hands to his ears.  
An adolescent girl’s voice responds in the distance. “Why are you yelling?” Suddenly she appears, the spitting image of Broc. She is petite, with a similar gold streak parting her hair. She wears a black sundress with the same gold embroidery embellishing it. She is the twin sister of Broc. “VU VOSAY, Viscera.” 
Viscera walks over to the young girl and extends his hand. “VOSAY, Lady Shenzara. Where’s Varah?”  
She shakes his hand before pointing to the stool on the floor. “Why is that there? I just cleaned in here.” Broc laughs as he disappears into another part of the house. “Broc, Broc!” Shenzara lifts her hands and pronounces, “VCO VU CON VCO.” In a blink, the stool disappears. “Mom wants you upstairs, Viscera. She’s in one of her moods.” 
Viscera exits the room and walks to the foot of a massive, winding staircase. The handrail is meticulously carved with what appears to be an ancient script. He steps cautiously towards his unknown fate.  
At the top of the stairs he hears Broc’s voice followed by the usual chuckle. “Don’t be scared, Viscera. I have your back.” This puts a smile on Viscera’s face, and he turns down the long hallway. 
Large, double doors await him at the opposite end.  Similar to a museum, the ceiling is grand and lofty. Bouquets of flowers are arranged on tables leading up to the double doors.  Viscera takes one reluctant step at a time. Magically, Shenzara appears, startling him. “Don’t do that.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Did you get my dress from Vameek’s?” 
“No, I didn’t.” Viscera cautiously points to the double doors ahead. 
Shenzara rolls her eyes. “What did she say?” 
“She wants to help you pick it out. It’s a big moment.” 
Shenzara shrugs her shoulders and sighs, “I just can’t win. We do this every four cycles. For once I want to make the decision about what I’m going to wear.” Viscera barely listens as he hurries away. “Go ahead, take her side.” Shenzara disappears.  
Viscera yells in the distance “…and I’m not on her side!” He whispers to himself, “I don’t even have a side.” He walks towards the door and reaches for the knob. But, the door opens effortlessly. He steps into a dimly lit but spacious room. Candles burn, and a trance-like harmony plays softly. A huge byan dominates the room. A byan is a piece of furniture that Volonians sleep upon. Everything is elegant, and everything is in its place. Viscera walks to the center of the room. “Varah, I’m here. But surely you already know that.” 
The harmony stops. A stunning, middle-aged woman enters from a side room: Varah. Her bronze skin is silky and rich.  Her fitted, mocha dress hugs her perfectly, its train flows gracefully behind. Her earrings and necklace are made of crystal, and they shine brightly against her dark hair, which drapes beautifully down her back. A wide, gold streak cascades through her dark tresses from the top of her head.  Her hands slide down the side of her curvaceous body. “Why those shoes, Viscera! VU VAMM VU VOLA.” Viscera’s shoes are magically replaced by a pair more to Varah’s liking. She smiles as she walks away. “Much better. You’re late.” 
Viscera opens a folder and gets down to business. “Varah, the Shifting Ceremony is all set. The family is expected to arrive at three, dinner at four, mingling at five, The Shifting at six. She and Lord Roman will share a table with you and the twins and Shenzara needs a dress.” Viscera closes the folder. He picks up a vase on a table, holding it up to examine its exquisiteness. Varah places her hands on her hips and walks over to Viscera. 
“What was the last thing you said?” 
Viscera quickly replaces the vase and takes a step back. “Shenzara needs a dress.” Varah folds her arms. She waits silently. Viscera takes another two steps back. “Oh that. Yes. She and Lord Roman are going to share a table with you and the twins.”  
Varah smiles and says, with a hint of sarcasm in her voice, “Have it changed.”
“But the ceremony is in a few days. It’s not possible.” 
Varah walks away. “VU VOLLA VACASA VU.”  
Suddenly Viscera is suspended several feet above the ground. “Okay, okay! Put me down.” 
“VU VOLLA VOO VU.” Viscera free-falls, stopping only a foot from the ground. 
He concedes, “You’re a mad woman, but I’ll get it done!” 
Varah curls her lips into a beautifully sadistic smile. “I’m happy now. See, you do have a side. See you in a few days, Viscera.”  
Viscera exits the room, closing the door behind him.  “I just love being a Guide.” 
Varah’s voice echoes from the other side of the door, “I heard that.” 
A defeated Viscera retreats down the long, empty hallway.



Chapter Two
The Cutters
A few days’ later, Broc dashes into the castle, eyes wide, a scroll clenched in his fist. “It’s here! It’s here!”  
“You act as if it doesn’t come every four cycles,” Varah drones. 
Shenzara comes out of her room attempting to keep her excitement in lady-like check. “What does it say, Broc?”  
Broc throws the scroll in the air where it freezes, unfolding in front of them. “I love when it does that,” Broc says, smiling at Shenzara. 
“I’ll read it,” Shenzara offers, not expecting to be challenged.

Greetings Cutters,
   The Lords of Volonia invite you to the Shifting of Classes Ceremony. This cycle, two Volonians in your household will be shifting to Class Three: Twins Broc Roman Cutter and Shenzara Lyla Cutter. The festivities will take place promptly at 3:00 p.m. You will be seated at the Lord’s Table. Congratulations on a job well done, and we hope you look forward to all the magic that Class Three has to offer.
Sincerely,
   The House of Lords 
Varah sits in an exquisite chair gazing intently into her vanity mirror. Her dark brown complexion stares back at her, frustration written all over her face. “VENYATI VUP,” she utters. As if moving of its own volition, her hairbrush rises from the counter and begins brushing her long, silky tresses. 
Her daughter, noticing the disturbed and puzzled look on her mother’s face, asks, “What’s wrong, Mom?”  
Varah replies, “It’s the Shifting of Classes Ceremony. I abhor them. Witches and Warlocks from all Sectors of Volonia gather to celebrate the shifting to a new class, and I’m so over it. This is my eighth cycle. I’d rather go on vacation.” She waves her hand and her Vinyen bottle, rises to pour her a tall, full glass. It then replaces itself back to the table as the glass lifts and makes its way to her already-opened hand. Vinyen is Volonia’s most prestigious and relaxing spirit. Contemplatively, she swirls the goblet in her hand and then takes a few long, deep drams. “I am a Class Six witch, yet I know all the spells of Class Eight.” 
Shenzara breaks into the maelstrom of her mother’s reflections. “But Mom, you have to go. It’s mandatory!” 
Varah rolls her eyes. “I know. VENYATI VOWN,” she utters. The brush halts in mid-air and floats away to place itself back on the vanity counter. “Unless I come up with some alternative,” she continues, the hint of a grin sneaking upon her face. 
Shenzara says, “Oh no, that look brings trouble.” 
“It’s only trouble if you get caught.” Varah rises abruptly from her chair and begins rummaging through the books on a wall shelf, clearly trying to locate a spell to absolve them of attending the mandatory Shifting of Classes Ceremony. 
While Varah continues her search, Broc enters through the solid marble double doors. Shenzara says, “I see you’re still using your Volos to buy those cheap magic tricks from the drifters.” She jibes openly at her brother. 
Broc retorts, “You’re just upset that you can’t walk through solid objects. Cool, huh?” He stands half-way through the door, part of his body visible in the room, and half of his body invisible, still inside the door. As he moves to bring the rest of his body forward, he finds himself stuck. “What’s happening?”
“I warned you about buying those cheap spells. It’s wearing off.” Shenzara laughs tauntingly. 
Broc, suddenly panicked, yells, “Zara, this isn’t funny! He said it would last for twenty minutes!”  
“More like two minutes.” 
Varah, completely agitated, waves her hand at the door and growls, “VANDUCIO VAMOON.” As though shoved by some unseen force, Broc barrels through the door, almost hitting his face on the floor. Infuriated, Varah spits out a spell, “VAHELIA VLEAXAR!” and turns her son upside-down in midair, allowing everything to fall from his pockets. 
Broc yells, “Mom! Put me down! Put me down! I promise I won’t buy those spells anymore!” 
Varah replies calmly, “As you wish.” She does all this without laying an eye on him. She is still rummaging through the hundreds of books on her shelf, trying to find a way out of the Shifting of Classes Ceremony. “VENYATI VOWN,” Varah chants, and Broc falls into a chair, his robe now disheveled, Shenzara laughs, enjoying her brother’s humiliation. Varah cuts her daughter a look, causing her to cease immediately. Suddenly, Varah's eyes light up, illuminating a nearly lost memory of an incantation. She strides to the center of the room and begins chanting words that Shenzara and Broc have never heard before. Her facial expression contorts as she struggles to remember the words. 
Broc whispers to Shenzara, “What is she saying? Why is she closing her eyes?” 	
Shenzara whispers back, “All I know is that she has been ranting about finding a way to get out of the Shifting of Classes Ceremony, and I think she just found it, judging by the way she’s chanting now.” 
“I’ve never heard her chant words like that… or look so entranced,” says Broc.  	
Varah stands fixed in the middle of the room. Her long, flowing hair begins to rise from her head, its golden streak glowing. Following the rise of her hair, her entire body ascends in a vertical lift, feet slowly leaving the floor, higher and higher as she recites the spell, “VAMBULA AMIRE VONACCIO VOUD. YOU WERE ONCE HIDDEN, BUT NOW YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND! VASCIAGO ADU ANADA ADER.  ANCIENT BOOK OF VOLONIA PLEASE COME HERE!” Immediately, a fiery red and yellow portal begins to form, circling counter-clockwise and growing larger with each rotation. The ground begins to shake, books fall from the shelves, walls crack and gusts of winds blow through the windowless room, shuddering everything in the place.  
“What’s happening?” shouts Shenzara, barely able to hear her own voice in the chaos surrounding her.  
“I don’t know!” hollers a frightened Broc, grabbing hold of the velvet lounger that his sister is already gripping with all her might. The twins try to keep from being swept into the portal that their mother summoned. Objects begin to swirl around the room. Varah is completely entranced, a golden glow surrounding her. All of a sudden a gigantic book, nearly two feet long and at least 6 inches thick, floats from the fiery portal and makes its way directly across the room toward Varah.  She holds out her hand, and the book floats closer toward her. Once the book is inches from her grasp, she begins to descend. The wind quickly ceases, and her hair falls back into place, flowing beautifully as it was before the spell. 
Gradually the portal closes, growing smaller and smaller until it simply is no longer there. Varah opens her eyes, unable to believe what she sees.  Gold light shines from the massive book, revealing the bold, dark lettering embossed across the front: VONDERCRAT. 
Broc yells out, “THE VONDERCRAT! THE VONDERCRAT!!!!  Mom, how did you do that? I mean… it’s impossible!” Completely puzzled and afraid, he collapses onto the same lounger that kept him from flying into the portal.  He places his hands on the sides of his head and says in disbelief, “I can’t believe this is happening. I can’t believe this is happening. I can’t believe this is happening,” over and over. 
Varah, still in shock herself, shushes him without taking her eyes off the book.  “Calm down, Broc! Lower your voice. Do you want us to get caught?”  Varah, her gaze broken by her son’s hysterics, looks around the room and notices Shenzara looking perturbed. She asks her, “Are you alright?” She walks over to console her daughter, who looks at her mother in awe, her hand covering her mouth in disbelief. “Shenzara, say something.”
“Mom, you’ve got to get that book out of here. If the Lords find out…” 
“They won’t find out.” Varah whispers.  
Then, without warning, a loud voice booms from within the book, “Lords, what is your request?” 
Shenzara and Broc, taken aback, look to their mother. They wait for her to respond, to do anything… to make her request known. Varah, clearly taken aback herself and unprepared for this question, opens her mouth as if to utter some words, but no sound comes forth. 
The VONDERCRAT repeats, “Lords, what is your request?” Broc and Shenzara, immobile, stare at their mother, but she merely shrugs, dropping her arms to the sides of her elegant but somewhat disheveled mocha dress. The glow from the book dissipates as the book drops to the floor, making a thud that echoes throughout the room. The three look at each other, unsure of what to do next or who should do it. Their silence is broken by a loud knock on the door, startling them. 
“Who is it?” shouts Varah. 
“Viscera,” the voice outside of the door replies.
“Hide the book!” Varah hisses. Broc and Shenzara don’t move, still frozen in shock at what has just occurred. Varah shoots a look that carries with it all the evil a mother’s stare can convey. 
Suddenly released from his paralysis, Broc grabs at the book, trying helplessly to move it. “It’s too heavy,” he protests. 
Shenzara shakes her head at him in complete disgust. “VAVENTI VIDE,” she pronounces. The book rises and slowly floats toward the closet. “Open the door, Broc. You know our spells aren’t that strong.” 
“Sorry,” Broc says with a sneer. “VAVENTI VOVEN,” he says, and the closet doors open. The Vondercrat slowly floats into the closet.  Varah, who is clearly annoyed with the pace at which her children are moving, waves her hand and the closet doors close with a bang. She looks around the room. It’s in complete disarray. 
“VAVENTI VEEN.” The books replace themselves to their rightful places on the shelf; the cracks in the walls close themselves, and the furniture pieces return to their original positions. Varah gives the room one final, surveying glance. Everything looks normal. Shenzara and Broc nod their head in approval. “Come in, Viscera.” 
The Guide walks in, looking cautiously at the faces of the family. “Is everything okay? I heard a lot of noise, so I decided to check on you.” 
“Everything is fine; the children are just excited about the Shifting of Classes Ceremony,” Varah replies with an expertly feigned composure. Viscera turns his head to see Broc and Shenzara sitting tensely on the edge of the lounger, smiling a bit too brightly, revealing their beautifully white teeth. “You know how they are, Viscera,” Varah continues, adjusting her dress in a full-sized mirror.  “Is there anything else we can help you with?” 
“I also wanted to inform you that I fixed that seating error, and that we leave for the Shifting in thirty minutes.” 
“I’m aware of the time, Viscera,” she points out condescendingly. 
“All right, just doing my job. See you in thirty minutes.” 
“Viscera?”  Varah calls after him. 
“Yes, Ms. Cutter?” 
“Thank you.” She smiles a half smile, hoping her second dismissal will allay his suspicions. 
“Good day, Cutters.” Viscera bows slightly as he exits the room.  
Broc rises quickly from the lounger and declares, “I’ll have no part in this. I’ve heard about this book from Auduit Alexander. Only the Lords and Guardians can get their hands on it. No Volonian has ever conjured this book! Besides, I passed my exams; I want to go to the Shifting. It’s not our fault that you’re not shifting to Class Seven.” 
Shenzara yanks him by his robe, attempting to let him know that his mouth has just gotten the better of him.  
Varah sneers, “I did advance! Your father’s veil happened to be my Auduit for the exam! She did something to manipulate the results. I just know she did!” 
“Olivia? Mom, you must be kidding. She always prepares those warm, delicious, melt- in-your-mouth, light, fluffy Vandicups, and, she’s so kind to us!” protests Broc. Shenzara nudges Broc and whispers, “Haven’t you got a clue, brother? That’s a fight you don’t want to start.” 
Varah smirks at her son and says sarcastically, “Don’t worry Broc, I’ll have you back in time for your shift to Class Three so you can move a few more objects.”  Broc doesn’t crack a smile. “Lighten up.  The book is here now. I just want a break.  We deserve a break.” Varah straightens her shoulders and calls, “Shenzara! Bring me the Vondercrat. Let’s see if we can find a way out of this Shifting. Hurry, time is of the essence.”
“VAVENTI VOVEN,” says a reluctant Shenzara. The closet doors open obediently. “VAVENTI VISE,” she continues, commanding the book to float toward Varah, who grabs the weighty volume and examines it. She attempts to open it, but it won’t yield. “What’s wrong with it?” she protests. “There is no way to open it.” Struggling to turn the tome around, she shakes the giant book, but it’s shut tight. Her children stare, amazed at their mother’s futile efforts to maneuver it. 
“Why don’t you try speaking to it? It spoke to you,” offers Shenzara. 
Varah nods at her daughter. “That might work.” She takes a deep breath. 
“VAVENTI VOVEN.” The book lays, motionless. Broc, growing amused, begins to laugh.  “Is something amusing?” Varah crosses
 her arms, her eyes focused on Broc.  
“It’s just kind of funny that you can conjure a book nobody has ever conjured in all of history, but you can’t open it,” he replies.  Shenzara smirks in agreement. 
“Oh, you think it’s amusing too, Zara”? 
“Well, I mean, he’s correct, Mom.” 
Varah angrily heaves the book at Broc. “How about you give it a try, Mister Class Two?”  
Broc catches the book, but the weight of it sends him staggering backward across the room, and his smile quickly fades. He gets up, dusts off his robe, and shoots his mom a haughty look. “I’ll just give it a try, then.” 
Varah and Shenzara whisper between themselves, giggling like two school girls. “Go ahead, Broc; open the book,” his sister taunts. 
Broc shoves the book with all his might and slams it down on the desk next to him. He looks at his mother and sister, his eyes boring into them with a devilish glare. Then, he lowers his face until it is close to the book and he says, “VONDERCRAT OPEN.” The book rises from the desk and a golden light illuminates its cover. 
“Lords, what is your request?” The book calls out. Varah and Shenzara abruptly stop laughing. Broc backs away from the book to stand with his sister behind Varah. 
“Say something, Mom, before it closes again,” Shenzara rushes to say. 
Varah moves to stand before the book, this time mustering complete confidence, and says, “DUPLICATION SPELL!”  
“She has gone completely mad today. She knows that’s forbidden!” Broc shouts. He begins hitting his head against the wall. 
“Life as we know it is over,” Shenzara murmurs.  
With a power all its own, the book opens and its pages begin to turn rapidly. Quick as a blur, the pages fly until suddenly they come to a stop on page 226. Varah walks closer to the book. She reads the spell at the top of the page: “DUPLICATION.” 
Shenzara comes to her wits and lunges at Varah, trying to pull her mother away from the magical book. “Mom, no! Not that spell!!” Varah is so completely entranced in the words of the spell that she cannot feel her daughter pulling her, nor hear a word she speaks. The lights in the room mysteriously dim; objects float, and Varah’s eyes transform from their naturally gorgeous hazel to a deep, dark blue.  Her hair begins to rise with a strong wind that mysteriously blows through the room.  
Shenzara grabs Broc. “What is wrong with your mother?” 
Broc looks at her, stunned. “Now she’s my mother?” he asks. 
Oblivious to their distress, Varah recites the Duplication Spell. “ASPARA HADULT VANDIMIR PAPUR. CREATE ALL THREE A REPLICA ILLUR EXACT HEIGHT, WEIGHT, PERSONALITY AND STYLE. VAMURI ANDAMA VEYUMPT VILE.”  A huge cloud of smoke appears as the book closes, and Varah falls to the floor, unconscious. Broc and Shenzara rush toward her, grabbing their mother’s hands, shaking her, trying to wake her. 
“Mom!” shouts Shenzara and Broc in single, panicked voices.
“Are you okay? Wake up! Get up!” pleads Broc, shaking her vigorously. Varah slowly opens her eyes. 
“Did I do it?” she mumbles, her speech slurred. They look up and see that the smoke is beginning to clear.  
Shenzara screams, “Aaaah!” Broc’s mouth drops open. Varah, realizing what she is seeing, feels a sudden surge of energy. 
“I did it! I did it!” 
They watch.  Stepping from the cloud of smoke are exact replicas of the family: Varah, Broc and Shenzara. The six of them stand, face-to-face. 
Broc, suddenly more curious than frightened, walks around his duplicate and says, “This is creepy.” 
As though on cue, his duplicate then walks around him and repeats, “This is creepy.” Excited, Broc shouts, “He sounds like me!” 
Again, his duplicate repeats his phrase verbatim. “He sounds like me!” prompting Broc to turn to his mom. “Make it stop.” 
“Make it stop,” Broc’s duplicate repeats. Broc walks and stands next to his mother.  His duplicate reproduces his action and goes to stand next to the duplicated Varah. Varah chuckles. Her duplicate does the same. Shenzara stands frozen, her hands covering her mouth, revealing her obvious shock. Her duplicate mimics the gesture. “VUME,” Varah says, and the duplicate suddenly change from being full of life to motionless, almost wax-like.  
“Mom what did you just do?” asks Shenzara. 
Varah gives her customary smirk in reply. “I just quieted the duplicates; they were starting to annoy me. Now, why don’t we just go to the Isle of Waterfalls?” Varah announces, completely pleased with herself. 
“The Isle of Waterfalls?” asks Broc, a hint of excitement in his voice. “We haven’t been there since we were small! Mom, can you do levitation spells so that Zara and I can fly through the waterfalls?” 
“No need for levitation spells.  The Isle is the one place were all Volonians can fly, levitate and breathe under water,” replies Varah. 
“Fly,” says Broc wistfully, clearly beginning to enjoy the idea of a vacation.  Shenzara interrupts, “Hello? Am I the only one freaking out here? Mom, how is this going to work? I mean, what is your plan? This is against Volonian Law! And Broc! I can’t believe you. Mister ‘I want nothing to do with this,’” 
“Zara, come on! That was before she mentioned Isle of Waterfalls! We might as well go.”
Varah interjects, “The duplicates are going to go to the Shifting of Classes Ceremony while we go on vacation.” 
“Mom, people will know,” protested Shenzara.  
“No they won’t,” Varah retorted.
“Well, can you explain how this works, then?” 
“Gladly. We just have to program our duplicates with enough responses.” 
Shenzara interjects, “But Mom, we only have ten minutes.” 
Varah smiles knowingly. “Shenzara, why do you underestimate your mother, my love?” Varah shakes her head teasingly, a mock-disappointed expression on her face. She chants, “VONYOLO VADULT,” and out of thin air a small, silver book appears and falls into her hand. The words VANDAR are embossed on the front. “This little volume contains every word that has ever been uttered in Volonia. All I need to do is place each duplicate’s hand on this book, say a few magical words, and the duplicates are ready to jingle and mingle inconspicuously with the most crafty witches and warlocks of Volonia.”  Varah walks up to each duplicate, and, in turn, places his or her hand on the book and says, “VALADI VUM.”  Immediately the three duplicates transform from completely motionless to conversing as if they were the Cutters themselves. Their facial expressions change appropriately, along with their posture.  
Viscera’s voice shouting through the door confirms the need for urgency. "Three minutes till departure!” 
Varah whispers, “Stop the nonsense now; we don’t have time.” 
Broc interjects with, “But Mom, my duplicate does need a new robe.” 
“And mine needs a new dress,” adds Zara.” 
Varah shakes her head. “VAVENTI VON VUMAS.” Their duplicates’ clothing transforms before their eyes. Shenzara’s duplicate is now clad in a shimmering purple gown draping nearly to the floor with her hair pinned up, the golden streak curled and hanging in a perfect ringlet. Her entire presentation sparkles with purple gems. Broc’s duplicate is clothed in a handsome silver cloak embroidered with purple stitching. It hangs gracefully down to the hem of his pants, only millimeters from sweeping the floor. His own golden streak is combed smooth, flattering the left side of his head.  Varah’s duplicate wears purple diamond studs in her perfect ears; her hair is swooped up to the left to show off the glittering stones. Her prominent, golden, Volonian streak glows against her thick, dark mane.  A seemingly fluid, silver gown hangs off her delicate, brown shoulders and plunges into a backless V, gliding over her womanly curves.  	
The three give themselves one final, approving glance. Varah, pleased with their appearance, declares, “Perfect. Are you kids ready for three hours of fun?” 
Broc responds with an enthusiastic, “Yes!” while Shenzara only shakes her head in disapproval.  
Varah caresses her daughter’s well-coiffed locks. “Everything will be all right.”
“Mom, we will be back in time to Shift, right?” asks Broc. 
Varah responds. “Yes!” I’m setting our timer for three hours.” 
Varah begins her incantation. “VOSSY VEDU MINKA VALAX, TAKE US TO THE ISLE OF WATEFALLS FOR THREE HOURS AND THEN BRING US BACK!” Varah, Broc and Shenzara immediately disappear.  The duplicates remain and look up as Viscera knocks on the door. 
Varah’s duplicate responds with a pleasant, “Come in.” Their Guide enters, impressed that the usually difficult family is ready to go, and pleased with how immaculate they look. 
He bows and says, “After you.” The duplicates parade out of the room, Viscera following them to the Shifting of Classes Ceremony.















Chapter Three
The Shifting of Classes Ceremony
As Varah, Shenzara and Broc arrive at the Isle of Waterfalls, a spectacular sight comes into view. Thundering, towering waterfalls surrounded them. As the family allows their eyes to move upward, they appreciate the majestic height of the falls-- each over one hundred feet tall. As their eyes follow the vertical splendor, they see that farther above them the sky is a mixture of various colors; some parts each of orange, red, green, blue, and purple.  Through it all, Vamo is shining brightly, lending an iridescent hue to the entire picture. In the pool, where the falls release their waters, the view is so clear they can look down and see ten to twenty feet below. The pool is filled with a multitude of children of various ages, all enjoying what the island has to offer. The Cutters are amazed at the beauty around them.  “Mom, aren’t these children supposed to be at the Shifting? I thought we would be the only ones here,” asks Broc. 
Varah laughs, “No Broc, the Shifting is just for our sector. There is a different Shifting Ceremony for every sector.”  
“Auduit Alexander must have prematurely advanced you, because that was covered when we shifted to class two,” Shenzara adds, disappointed in her brother for the question he has just asked. 
“Zara, let’s not make jokes; how about the time, you couldn’t name all the Lords and Lordesses? And the name you forgot was your own FATHER!” 
“I did not forget it! I didn’t think they wanted me to say my own father’s name. I mean, really?” 
“Stop it you two. We’re supposed to be having fun, and we only have a limited amount of time.”  
“You’re right, Mom,” Shenzara says as she turns her attention away from Broc and his sticking-out tongue. “This place is more beautiful every time we come.” 	
Varah looks at her daughter and says, “Shenzara, you haven’t been here since you were a child; of course it’s more beautiful. You’ve become more beautiful, and it’s a reflection of you. The Isle of Waterfalls is an enchanted place. The Guardians believe that every Volonian deserves to feel special, worthy and loved, and so as a gift from the Guardians, each Volonian receives an Omn when they are born.” 
“A what?” says Shenzara? 
Broc explains. “It’s a special place that every Volonian has, like a fortress, where they keep precious possessions like memories, harmonies, and special belongings. It’s a place where they can be reminded that no matter what’s going on in their life, they are loved.” 
“That is correct, Broc,” says Varah. “Someone has been listening to Auduit Alexander after all.” 
“Visch,” Shenzara whispers. 
“Mom! Did you hear her? She swore at me!” Broc points his finger at his sister and looks at his mother for vindication. 
“What did you say, Zara?”  
“Nothing,” she says with scorn. 
“Be nice, Zara,” warns her mother. She looks at both of them and then continues. “All the waterfalls flow into the same abyss of water. It represents the uniqueness of us all, but it also shows our unity as well. 
“How do we find our Omn?” asks Broc.  
Rather than answer, Varah smiles and replies, “How do you think?” Knowing there will be no answer from her children, she begins to chant. “VANDUCIO COMER VONDO VAMISH VARAH.”  The waterfall in front of them parts down the center. “Hold my hands, you two,” Once they are all three standing together, Varah chants again. “VENYATI VISVERE.” Immediately the three are standing inside Varah’s Omn. “This is my Omn from the Guardians, my place of refuge, completely protected by them. No one can come here without my permission. The same goes for every Omn here. It is unlocked only by its owner.” Broc and Shenzara walk around their mother’s Omn, their mouths dropped open. It is a spacious place, the size of a small castle. Purple curtains hang in the living quarters to cover the massive window. The ceiling is made of glass, and the colorful sky is visible above. 
“Broc, come here!” Shenzara shouts. She is looking out a window, staring at herself ten cycles older. She sees her reflection morph into a fierce ball of fire. “Broc! Can you see me levitating?” Broc looks out through the same window, but all he can see is an expansive buffet of food, the table stretching as far as his eyes can see. 
“What are you talking about, Zara? All I see is food. Cakes, candies, pies, and Vandicups!” Broc licks his lips. 
“Mom? Why can’t Broc see me? I can’t see any food.” 
“This is the window of desire; you see whatever you desire. No two people see the same thing because they don’t desire the same.”   
Broc turns to his mother, “Does this window produce smells too? What is that amazing aroma?” 
Varah forces a slight smile, “No those are the puffstries my mother used to make. 
“So you can relive old memories in this place, too?”
 “Yes. This place can be whatever you want it to be. You can program it to be whatever you desire as long as it brings a feeling of joy. No evil can reside in your Omn, because the Guardians protect it. Your Omn can play your favorite harmony, or better yet, your favorite entertainer can perform the harmony for you. It’s all an illusion, but it feels incredibly real. The catch is that you can only stay for a limited amount of time. This is a place of refuge, solitude and fun. It’s not meant to replace your current reality; it’s only meant to enhance it.” 
“I can’t wait to program my Omn,” Shenzara says dreamily. 
“She finally comes around to enjoying herself?”  Broc says sarcastically. 
“Well, we’re here; we might as well make the best of it,” she replies. 
Then Broc, at last warming up to the idea of enjoying the place with his sister, says, “Let’s jump in the water, Zara. Look at the other kids flying through the waterfalls. How much time do we have, Mom?”
“Two and a half hours, so enjoy yourself! VAVENTI VOVEN!” The waterfall behind them opens again, ushering them out toward the multitudes of children and their joyful noises.
Broc and Shenzara get a running start. “VAYENTI VUMRESS!” and they are immediately changed from their robes to their swimming attire, and they are flying through the waterfall.
Varah is thrilled to see her children finally enjoying themselves, but she also is a bit unsettled about all that has happened within the last hour. She realizes that she can’t seem to relax. She pronounces the words,”VENYATI VOP,” and a Vop cast appears, suspended in midair. It is a magical device in the shape of a small sphere that sees into any place and time. She speaks into it. “Varah, Broc and Shenzara at the Shifting today.”
“Data not available,” the sphere responds back to her. Puzzled at the response, Varah looks quizzically at the Vop cast.  She realizes her mistake, nods her head, and speaks again.  “Duplicates of Varah, Broc and Shenzara Cutter at the Shifting of Classes Ceremony today.”   
Immediately the Vop cast shows the duplicates. She is astonished at how well they are performing their roles. Curious about how seamlessly they are interacting, she decides to watch them from the Isle while the kids have fun, just to make sure everything goes according to plan. 

“Attention. Attention. Witches and warlocks from 5th Sector of Volonia,” says Marion Buloya. “I need Class Ones to proceed to level one and all other classes to follow close behind.” The Vasquire, the hall where the Shifting of Classes Ceremony is held, is crowded with thousands of witches and warlocks trying to make their way to their designated lines to be able to proceed to their appropriate levels. The Cutter duplicates proceed down the congested hallway to collect their round table badges. 
Lola walks over and hands Marion a roster for the shifting ceremony, then exits. Varah’s duplicate is stopped by Marion. “VU VOSAY, Varah.” 
“VU VOSAY, Marion. I am here to pick up our round table badges.” 
Marion turns around and eyes the badges floating in the air behind her, her glasses nearly slipping off her nose. “Sorry Varah, I don't seem to have a badge for you,” she points out.
“What do you mean I don’t have a badge?” 
“I see my badge,” Broc’s duplicate pipes in as his badge separates itself from the multitude of others hovering in the air and floats toward him. 	
“There's mine,” Shenzara’s double adds, and her badge floats over and easily attaches itself to her beautiful dress.
“How can I not have a badge? I'm the ex-veil of a Lord!” protests Varah.  
“Well Varah, I’m sorry to inform you, but the only way you can get to the round table is to be the current veil of a Lord or to be a child of one of the five Lords. Unless…. Unless a Lord personally adds you,” whispers Marion subtly to Varah. 
Seemingly from nowhere, a cloud of purple smoke appears. As the smoke dissipates, Olivia stands before them. She’s the same height as Varah.  Her caramel skin glows, and her hair is pinned up with a few sleek tendrils falling alongside her face.  She seductively struts over toward Varah, hugs her without actually embracing her, and, in a voice dripping with artifice, says, “It looks like my Roman forgot to add you to the list. I am ever so sorry.” 
Varah whispers, “I wouldn’t bet against me too quickly, Olivia.” 
Olivia, seeing Broc and Shenzara approaching, changes the subject. “VU VOSAY Broc, you’re looking as handsome as ever, just like your father.” Broc tries to keep from blushing. “And Shenzara, you look so pretty! That dress is absolutely lovely.” 	
“Thanks,” Shenzara mumbles, trying not to show too much excitement in front of her mother. 
“Shall we be off to the round table, then?” says Olivia to Broc and Shenzara. 
Broc hesitates and asks, “What about Mom?”
“Go on ahead,” says Varah.
“Are you sure?” chimes in Olivia, attempting to sound truly concerned.
“I'll be right behind you. I’m sure this is just a small mix-up. Marion will find the badge.”  Marion tries to nod her head, but she is completely flustered. Broc and Shenzara reluctantly follow Olivia to the table.  Varah notices her badge floating a few feet away. She snatches it out of midair. Varah Cutter, Guides Table 23. “Guides? Oh no!” A smirk flashes across her face before an idea comes to her. She smiles and then whispers, “VOS VAMUS VONDU,” and immediately before her hangs a badge with the words Varah Cutter, Class, Six, Round Table clearly printed on it. "Marion, I think I see my badge right over there.” 
Marion looks up in amazement and says, “Ms. Cutter, I am so sorry! I don’t know why I couldn’t find it.  How could I have missed it? Please proceed to the round table, and please accept my sincerest apologies.”
“Thank you,” Varah replies, with an air of icy confidence in her voice. Her badge magically attaches itself to her dress, and she begins her stately walk down the long corridor toward the round table.  
Varah is in awe of the beauty in this corridor. The floors are transparent, so she looks down and sees other Volonians harmony shifting and enjoying the festivities on a lower level of the Vasquire. Around the hall, fifty-foot pillars spaced every five feet support the Vasquire’s lofty ceiling. Plastered in front of her on a mural are Volonia’s three ancient Guardians. She stops and curtsies in reverence. As she approaches the grand room, the harmonies grow louder, and she finds that the awkward discomfort of the past few minutes is quickly becoming a hazy memory. A one hundred-piece orchestra plays her favorite harmony, "Only".  She hears the Polian solo-- her favorite part. A Polian is a popular Volonian instrument. As she pauses to enjoy the harmony, an incredible aroma of food begins to tease at her nostrils, drawing her further down the corridor and toward the magnificent double doors. She feels giddy, as though it is her first time at a Shifting. Two doormen, each one standing over six feet tall, bow and gracefully open the door for her. Upon entering, she notices her fellow Volonians partaking in the festivities. She admires the decorations arranged so elegantly. Many are harmony shifting; some are eating; others are laughing.  All appear to be enjoying themselves enormously. 
“Mom!” Broc’s voice calls to her over the din. “Over here!” He motions her toward the round table were all the Lords’ families are seated. 
"Roman…" whispers Olivia, "how did she get through? I thought we discussed this.” 
Lord Roman, a bit taken aback, replies, "I assure you, Darling, I had no part in this. Varah is a Class Six, so she can meddle her way into many things.”
“Play nice, my dear,” Olivia purrs in his ear while glaring disapprovingly at Varah. 
“Varah, dear, it is so wonderful to see you here.” Lordess Raven stands and gives her best friend a hug. She is a tall, slender woman, a few inches taller than Varah. Her beauty is exotic. Her skin is a soft, almond color and her long, wavy, brown hair is pinned up, an elegant departure from its normal arrangement of hanging loosely to her waist. “Your dress is spectacular; is it a Valadine original?” 
“Why yes, it is Lordess. You always informed on our latest fashions.” 
Lordess Raven smiles with approval. “Broc and Shenzara, are you two excited about shifting to Class Three? I heard you both passed your exams with exceptional scores!” 
“Thanks!  We’re very excited. Mom really makes us study, and she does a great job at making sure we meet with our Auduit every day.” 
Broc nudges his sister. “Suck up.” He hisses at her.
“I do my best,” she says, forcing a smile back. 
“Has the Kutler come to our table?” asks Varah. 
“I want Vandicups!” says Broc, licking his lips in anticipation. 
“We are about to place our request. VAYENTI VORDERTI,” pronounces Lord Vondell. Lord Vondell stands six foot one inch tall, with a handsome physique, slender like his veil, but clearly athletic. A veil is a female dedicated to a male suitor. His skin is a lighter shade of vanilla yet seems to be lit from within with a creamy undertone. He is a handsome, clean-shaven, immaculately dressed fellow, and his golden streak is centered perfectly in the middle of his head. Immediately, a short, pudgy fellow dressed all in white appears.  “How can I be of service, my Lord?” Says the Kutler.
“We would like to order, please,” states Lord Vondell, speaking for the entire table. 
“Of course, my Lord. And what will you be selecting?” he asks, turning first to Head Lord Roman. 
“I will have the exotic asparus dipped in honey mane, drizzled with orange garlic crème and served alongside the glazed laru.” 
“Glazed laru?” interrupts Varah? “But I make the best glazed laru.” 
“Yours was the first I tasted, and it has been a favorite of mine ever since.” Varah responds with a half smile. As Lord Roman speaks his order to the Kutler, his food magically appeared on the Kutler’s platter. 
Eyeing the plates as they appear, Varah says, “I wonder though, does it taste as good as mine?” 
The Kutler serves Lord Roman his meal. Lord Roman takes a bite of his laru and savors it. “It tastes exactly like yours. One of the perks of being Class Eight is that your taste buds have auto-sensory memory. Your food always tastes as good as the best sample you’ve ever eaten.” 
Olivia, apparently annoyed, waves her hand above her glass, which begins filling itself with Vinyen. “Yes Darling, that is one of the many splendid things that come along with being Class Eight.” 
Varah’s smile nears contempt as she adds, “Looking forward to it.” 
“Quiet everyone; the ceremony is about to begin,” Lord Topher announces. Lord Topher is a chubby man, and his skin is fair and smooth.  His round, plump face is supported directly by his shoulders.  His eyes are almond-shaped. He is the most reserved of the five Lords.
The lights dim in the Vasquire and the noise ceases abruptly. Everyone grows quiet in anticipation of the promised entertainment. Immediately, a voice seeming to come out of nowhere booms, “Ladies and gentlemen of Volonia, welcome to the Shifting of Classes Ceremony! I am Vanklin Vris, your host for this evening’s festivities.”  The audience bursts into applause, with girlish screams punctuating the clapping as young ladies from all over Volonia squeal their approval of the handsome host.  “One of you lucky ladies will be serenaded by me. I love you all so much!”
“How did you get Vanklin Vris?! He’s my favorite!” chirps Bara excitedly to her father. Bara is about five feet six, a Class Three with long, blond locks. She is extremely pretty. 
“Anything for my sweet daughter,” boasts Lord Vondell.  
Shenzara turns to her own father.” Can we meet him, please? Please?” 
“I can do better than that.” Lord Roman claps his hands and Vanklin Vris is suddenly hosting the show from in front of their table. 
“This is incredible!” shrieks Shenzara. Broc, not at all excited, begins to yawn, prompting a smack on the head from Shenzara. “Don’t act like you weren’t humming his harmony just yesterday!”  
“What can I say? It’s catchy.” He starts laughing. Bara glances at him, pushes one of her long golden locks behind her ear and smiles coyly. Broc blushes. 
Varah chimes in, “Impressive.” Lord Roman winks at her. 
Olivia, feeling left out, blinks her eyes repeatedly and spills Varah’s drink all over her. “Oh, Varah, are you okay?”
“VENVATI VICUP,” Varah quickly utters, and the spilled beverage transports itself back into the glass. “Thanks, Olivia. Everything seems to be back in order now.”
Olivia smiles, but their womanly stare-down is quickly broken by Vanklin Vris. “Guess what time it is?” 
The audience responds in unison, “What time?!” 
“Guess what time it is?!” Vanklin Vris repeats. 
“What time?” shouts the audience again. 
“It is time to harmony shift with that special someone.” Olivia grabs Roman’s hand and steers him directly to the harmony shifting floor through the quickly growing crowd. 
“I have been waiting for this all night,” sighs Olivia. 
Lord Roman smiles at his veil. “As have I.”  
 Varah stands and walks away from the Lord’s Table. “This is exactly why I detest these functions,” Varah whispers under her breath. “They don’t take into consideration the thousands of single Volonians out there.” 
The words are barely past her lips when a young, tall, dark-haired fellow approaches Varah. “Would you care to harmony shift?” Varah glances quickly at the man in front of her, from his impeccable hair to his well-shoed toe, taking particular notice of his muscular frame and his carefully crafted cheek bones. 
She is opening her lips to accept when she notices he does not have the Gold Volonian streak in his hair. She looks away as she says, “Thanks, but no thanks.” 
Undaunted, he leans down toward her turned-away face and persists, “Just because I have no streak doesn’t mean I can’t harmony shift.” 
Varah relinquishes a slight smile. “It’s not you; I just hate these things; they’re so uppity.” 
“Uppity? This coming from the lady who was sitting at the Lords’ table?”   
Varah chuckles as she realizes the contradiction and tries to correct herself.  “I mean, everybody’s looking at me, and it doesn’t help that I’m single, my ex is a Lord and has a veil.” 
“They’re looking at you because you’re stunning, not because your ex is a Lord,” the young man says, his eyes sparkling. 
“You’re too kind,” replies Varah. “What is your name?”
“I’m Kanali, from Sector Four.” 
“Why are you here? You’re far from home,” replies Varah, growing more curious about this bold young man.” 
“I’m in charge of the Shifting of Classes Ceremonies next cycle for our sector, and I’m here gathering ideas.”
“Well then, nice to meet you, Kanali. I’m Varah.” 
“I know,” coos Kanali. 
“How did you know?” 
He looks down at her dress, her badge still firmly attached. Varah laughs.  Kanali laughs along. “Well the playing harmony is almost over, so I guess my chance for that brief happiness is over too. Still, I hope I made your day a bit brighter.” 
“You did,” says Varah, “thank you.” Kanali smiles and then vanishes into the crowd of Volonians making their way back from the harmony shifting floor. 
Lordess Raven approaches Varah to ask, “How are you holding up, and who was that handsome stranger I saw you talking to?” 	
“Some guy from the Fourth Sector asking me to harmony shift.”  
“And you refused?”  
“Yes, I did.”
Lordess Raven grabs her hand, “You’re going to have to broaden your horizons, my dear.  I know you, and you deserve to be happy.  And he doesn’t have to be Class Eight or a Lord to do that.”
“I know,” sighs Varah. “I’ve still got work to do. I’m trying.”
“I know. Now let’s get back to our table; the Shifting of the Classes is about to begin.”

Varah shouts out, “Broc and Shenzara! It’s time to go!”  
Not far off, the children come running.  “Just a little more time? Please Mom?” begs Broc, leaping from his sleek, metallic water board. “Just five more minutes?” 
“Mom!” protests Shenzara. “We didn’t even program our Omns!” 
“We’ll have plenty of time for that later, my darlings. We must get back,” adds Varah playfully.  “Are you guys ready?” They shake their heads in dissent, but Varah nods her head and begins to chant. “VONDUCIO VAMUR DESTATIOM.” A thick, grey cloud of smoke appears and in a moment, a portal appears before them.  Varah and her offspring step in. The portal closes behind them, and within seconds they are stepping into the corridor of the Vasquire, not far from the round table. 

“It is now time for the Shifting of Classes! Will all class ones kindly proceed to the portals closest to their designated areas,” directs Marion, appearing as a hologram in the center of the Vasquire. 
“Mom, you’re a genius! You got us back in time!” squeals Shenzara as she twirls in her new gown. 
“I know,” says Varah, tossing her hair with an air of confidence. “Now, I just have to find a way for us to switch places with our duplicates.” 
“What’s wrong, Mom?” asks Broc. “I don’t like how you said that last part.”
“I forgot to get the spell from the Vondercrat that will switch us back.” 
“Can’t you just reverse the spell and replace us with them?” suggests Shenzara. 
“That won’t work. Vondercrat spells have to be undone with other Vondercrat spells. No spell from any class-- not even Class Eight-- can do that. I’ve got to go back and get the Vondercrat.”  
“Mom, we don’t have enough time,” Shenzara says, trying to stay calm. “All the Class Ones have already gone through the portal and are in front of the Orb of Vamo that powers their change in classes. They are shifting now to Class Two, and we’re next.” 
The audience erupts into applause.  “Congratulations Class Ones,” Marion pronounces, “You are now Class Twos. You are now able to speak spells and move objects.” 
“Mom, hurry!” implores Broc. 
“Stay here. Don’t move! I will be right back!” Quickly, Varah chants “VENVATI VOME” and disappears. 
Proudly surveying the next group of youngsters, Marion announces, “All Class Twos, kindly proceed to your nearest portal.” Broc and Shenzara see their duplicates get up to walk to their portals. The kids exchange worried looks, hoping their mother is going to be more impressive than ever. 
Arriving at her castle, Varah sees the Vondercrat lying on the floor where they left it. She grabs the humongous spell book and heaves its weight into her hands. She commands, “Vondercrat Open.” The book lies motionless in her hand. “What’s going on?” Varah questions. “These are the exact words Broc said!” Confused and angry, Varah yells, “VONDERCRAT OPEN! The book does not open. Varah begins to panic. She tries a few more times. “Vondercrat, Open! Open, Vondercrat! Please open for me, please,” but her efforts are to no avail; the book does not open. 
Varah grabs the book, shoves it into a large sack and heads back to the Shifting. “VENYATI VARRIVA,” and Varah stands back in the corridor of the Vasquire. 
“Mom!” Shenzara yells, “Hurry up! Did you bring the book?” feeling pressed for time, Shenzara grabs the book and heaves it out of the bag.  “Vondercrat Open.” 
The enormous book hurls itself into the air, opens its cover, and beams out the yellow, illuminating light. The ground begins to shake; pictures hanging on the wall begin to fall. A voice bellows, “Lords, what is your request?”
Not far from the corridor, Lord Topher feels the ground trembling followed by a voice booming. Following the ruckus, he sees a yellow glow coming from around the corridor. Feeling endowed with the authority to investigate, he turns the corner and stares in disbelief at what he is seeing.  Broc, noticing the Lord’s intrusion on their secret doings, warns, “Mom, there’s Lord Topher! Get us out of here!”
Lord Topher raises his voice so that it echoes down the corridor, ”VONDUCIO ACAMULT!” 
At the same instant, Varah shouts, “VENYATI!” but before Varah completes the spell, she, Broc and Shenzara are frozen in place. Lord Topher reaches up and touches the side of his neck, closing his eyes. In what seems like only seconds, the four other Lords are standing in the corridor. Lordess Semelia speaks first.  She is the shortest of the Lords and has a light tone to her skin.  Her fierce red hair is tucked safely under her crown, but she allows her beautiful streak to spill directly into her face, giving her the look of a caged fire.  She says, “This better be important, Lord Topher, for you to have frozen time and halted the Shifting of Classes Ceremony!” 
Lord Topher reaches out his hands in a reassuring gesture and responds. “I think you will want to see this.” He leads them around the corner of the corridor. 
Lordess Semelia shouts in disbelief. “The… the… the Vondercrat! How in the world…?” 
After a moment of stunned silence Lord Vondell finds his voice and chants, “VENYATI VLOSE,” causing all the doors leading to the corridor to close at once. Then, “Who is behind this travesty?  Lord Roman, did you aid her in this deception?” 
“I will not be framed with such accusations!” Lord Roman replies, sputtering in disbelief.  “You know that I alone don’t have the power to conjure the Vondercrat!” 	
“Calm Down!” intervenes Lordess Raven. “No need for accusing or placing blame here. We can discuss this at the House of Lords.”  
“How can this be?” How is she there with us at the round table and also here in the corridor?” gasps Lord Topher, completely puzzled. 
“The Duplication Spell,” whispers Lordess Semelia, entranced by the glow of the book. 
As if on cue, the book bellows again, “Lords, what is your request?” They all remain silent, unsure of what to say or do. Without receiving a response, the book falls to the floor, its glow dissipating. 
Lordess Raven resumes the conversation with, “That’s impossible. No Volonian has the power to cast that spell.” 
Lord Vondell follows with, “No Volonian has the power even to conjure the Vondercrat, yet here it is.” He cautiously lifts the gigantic book from the floor. 
Lord Roman turns to Lord Topher, “Please unfreeze all the Volonians, cancel the Shifting of Classes Ceremony until further notice, and have every Volonian report directly to their homes. Meet us at the House of Lords immediately after. We must consult with the Guardians. The rest of you, follow me. VONDUCIO VAN VOMITTAN.”  All at once, the remaining Lords along with the Cutters vanish. Within seconds they are all reassembled in the House of Lords. 















Chapter Four
The House of Lords

Darkness falls over a clear sky. The streets are empty-- not a vendor is in sight. Suspicion and gloom arise as the centerpieces of a night that began as festive.  A small, sober gathering commences at the House of Lords, creating a formal yet intense setting. In the Great Hall, the Five Lords of Volonia, one representing each sector, sit solemnly around a large, half-moon table.  Ancient paintings line the dark walls, and ten-foot marble columns grandly hold aloft the vaulted ceiling, lending a voluminous and intimidating aura to the room. Lanterns handcrafted by Volonia’s finest artisans illuminate the magnificent space, reflecting an undeniable essence of Power. Only the Five Lords have the privilege to hold court here. 
Lord Roman stands. He paces the floor; then, seemingly pulled from his distraction by a disturbing thought, he quickly takes his seat at the center of the rounded table. Reflecting the inner turmoil of his mind, his frustrated hand pushes roughly through his thick locks. He turns to Lord Topher. “Where do we start?” 
Lordess Semelia opens a book of Volonian Law before turning her attention toward Lord Roman.  She inhales with grave anticipation. “This is unprecedented; these breaches cannot be ignored, even under the circumstances, Lord Roman. The bylaws state…” 
Lord Roman turns abruptly toward Lordess Semelia. “I understand the bylaws, Lordess.” 	
She removes her glasses and takes a sip of water. “Are you sure? The Vondercrat holds all the power of Volonia. Any Volonian conjuring it would have the power to cause mass destruction.” She pauses, reflecting inwardly on her next thought. “Or destroy our planet.” The room falls silent, each Lord pondering the severity of the moment.
Lord Roman hesitates a moment to collect his ideas; then, rubbing his forehead replies, “I would like to assure The House that I had nothing to do with this.” 
Lordess Raven smiles briefly. “We know. It’s impossible, literally.” 
“But I think you owe us all an explanation,” interjects Lord Vondell. “Your ex-veil just happened to get her hands on the most powerful book of Volonia.” 
“Are you implying I had something to do with this?” retorts Lord Roman. 
Lordess Semelia stands. She stares intently into Lord Vondell’s eyes. “Don’t be ridiculous. It takes each one of us present to call the book forth.” 
Lord Vondell also stands, now face-to-face with Lordess Semelia. With a look of distain, he smirks, “So let’s say Lord Roman’s ex-veil isn’t at fault. What kind of message would this send to the Volonian people? This action is against Volonian law. It is stated clearly, here, under the bylaws: VUO VOO CU SAY.”  Lord Vondell lifts his hand as the Volonian Book of Bylaws descends from a nearby shelf and floats directly into his hand. 
“We understand, Lord Vondell. No need for a crash course in Volonian Law,” replies Lordess Semelia.  
Lordess Raven persists in trying to shift the conversation. “Everybody keep calm. This breach is not the first, as some of you may recall.” 
Lord Vondell isn’t buying her alibi, and he adds, “But it is the first time the Vondercrat has been stolen.” 
Lord Roman rises from his chair and walks toward the exit. “I need a moment. Please excuse me.” 
Lord Vondell glances around at the other Lords with a smirk. “Sure, take all the time you need.”  
Lord Roman yanks open the door with the wave of a hand, strides out into the hall and then slams it shut behind him with another angry wave. 
“Lord Vondell,” Lord Topher begins, “I don’t understand the implications here. We serve the people of Volonia and owe them. It’s our duty as Lords. Feeding our own egos isn’t warranted.”  
In response, Lord Vondell lifts both of his hands and suddenly disappears.  
Lordess Semelia’s eyes dart around the room, her stare serious. “We will continue in 15 minutes.”
Lord Roman walks swiftly down an empty corridor, his long robe dragging behind him. He turns a corner, walks another twenty feet and is met by two immense guards standing firmly in front of a silver door. Taking notice of Lord Roman, they quickly step to the side. “Good evening, Lord Roman.” He ignores their greeting, however, and waves a hand to magically unlock the silver door. It opens onto another corridor.  Lord Roman stares down the dark space, seeing only a hint of light seeping from underneath the door at the end. 
“VCI VO VAY ARIVO.” Lord Roman levitates a few feet from the ground and magically glides toward the door. “VCI VO VAY MO.” Suddenly the door opens.  He stands at the threshold. Varah, Shenzara and Broc sit on a hard, wooden bench. The dingy room is small and cold; only a few small lanterns illuminate the space. 
Broc lifts his head to speak. “Father!” Broc extends his hand for a shake, but Lord Roman ignores him, Shenzara, also excited, runs over to hug her father, but his eyes are unwelcoming; they lock on Varah. 
“Varah, explain yourself.” 
She steps in front of Broc. “I will do no such thing.”
Looking to his children, Lord Roman asks, “Are you two okay?” Varah doesn’t mutter a word, but Broc speaks up. “I think so.” 
Lord Roman points to the door, his expression growing more serious. “Wait outside.” 
Shenzara steps in between Varah and Lord Roman. “But Father, what’s going on?”  
Lord Roman lifts his hand and the door magically opens. “Shenzara, Broc, outside. Now!” Lord Roman’s voice sends trembles down their young spines. Frightened, the kids move towards the door, but Varah stops them by placing her hand on Shenzara’s shoulder and grabbing Broc by the hand. She moves them to the side. 
“They’re staying.” 
Lord Roman stares at his ex-veil for a long moment, then shifts his eyes to the side. Magically, the door closes. “Fine.” Shenzara and Broc back away from their parents’ stare down and take a seat on the wooden bench. Varah, on the other hand, takes a step toward Lord Roman. 
“So what is it, Roman? Your seat is up soon and you need to ruffle some feathers?” Lord Roman turns away. He forces his hands together and a glowing sphere magically appears, floating towards the children. Their eyes widen as they silently move away, “What are you doing?” asks Varah, taking a step back now as well. The sphere descends over Shenzara and Broc, enveloping them to create a sort of bubble that blocks their hearing.  The two shake their heads, hoping to revive their hearing; then, when they realize it is no use, sit quietly, “Who puts spells on their own kids?”  She lifts her hands and chants, “VCO SOL SOY VOAY,” but nothing happens. 
“Your witchcraft won’t work in the House of Lords,” Lord Roman informs her. “Can we talk about what happened?  Tell me, how did you do it?” 
Varah folds her arms and turns away. “Do what? Something you couldn’t do, Lord?” 
Lord Roman takes a menacing step toward her, his eyes piercing. “Varah, this is serious; you’ve breached a law.”  
Varah’s arms drop and the smirk leaves her face. She glances at Broc and Shenzara before inching closer to Lord Roman. “And what does this mean?” 
Lord Roman’s shoulders fall. “I really don’t know, Varah.”
Varah concedes. Remorse creeps into her voice. “Roman, I didn’t think I could actually do it.” Lord Roman waves his hand, and a chair magically appears. He sits. “The kids and I needed a vacation, Roman. The Vondercrat wasn’t used in malice, I promise.”
Lord Roman crosses his legs. “I’ve known you for twenty five cycles, Varah, and in all that time you’ve never done anything this foolish. This could really cost me.” 
Varah interrupts, “So this is about you, Roman? Your kids are in some cold dungeon and you’re thinking about your seat? Classic.” 
Lord Roman stands as he shifts his eyes. The chair magically disappears. “No, it’s about Volonia’s secrets, and as one of Volonia’s appointed Lords, it is my duty to protect them. So, I’m going to ask again.” Lord Roman walks over to Varah. He towers over her, causing her to back away. “How did you get the book?” 
Varah inhales sharply and replies, “My father.” Lord Roman, now curious, locks eyes with Varah. 
“Lord Dex?” 
“Yes, he taught me a few spells when I was a young girl.” Varah steps away. She takes a seat on the bench while Lord Roman waits for an explanation. 
“…and?” 
“And, that’s it. Every so often we would practice them.” Varah’s gold streak lights up.
“That’s against the House of Lords’ oath. Those spells are sacred, and no man or woman should ever speak them!” 
Varah has had enough. She steps forward again; her chin thrust forward, and says, “Tough.” 
Lord Roman grabs Varah by the arm, causing Broc to jump to his feet. “Let her go!” Varah raises her hand assuring him it’s okay. 
“But Varah, you don’t understand. You can’t retrieve the Vondercrat with a spell unless all Five Lords are present. That’s governed by the Guardians.” 
Varah holds Broc close, safely wrapping her arms around him. “Well I did.” Lord Roman turns his back to Varah, but she continues. “So what does this mean for us?” 
Lord Roman steps away, his rage intensifying. He breathes faster as he moves toward the door. “VCO VOO VAY VIAS.” The door opens. He turns and says, “I don’t know,” then bolts down the dark hall, lifting his hand to magically slam and lock the door behind him. 
The kids’ ears open; they can hear again. “Mom, what’s going on?” asks Shenzara, rushing to embrace her mother. Broc wears a look of worry on his face as he paces back and forth in the small room. 
“I knew we should have gone to the ceremony,” Broc points out. “Now we won’t be Class Three, Mom.” 
Varah points to Broc, “You’re making me dizzy, sit!” Broc reluctantly sits, exhausted. 
“Mom, I want out. You got us into this, so you’ve got to get us out. I can’t go through life as a Class Two forever. I just can’t.”
Varah stands, walks to the door and tries unsuccessfully to unlock it. “VCO VOY ALLA SYE.” Nothing happens. She turns and glances at her children’s fallen faces.  She turns back to the door, places her ear to the dark, heavy wood, and listens. 
Shenzara pouts, her back slouching on the cold, brick wall. “Mom what are you doing? My life is ruined.” 
Varah cautiously steps away from the door, whispering, “VISCERA, VISCERA!” A gold cloud of smoke oozes underneath the door. Broc and Shenzara stand, looking on curiously.  Nervously, they move towards Varah. 
Broc whispers, “What’s that?”  
The gold cloud quickly fills the room and spontaneously, Viscera appears, clearly annoyed, his nose turned up as he surveys the small room.  “Are you serious?” 
Varah waves away the lingering gold smoke, a sense of relief spreading across her face.
She steps toward Viscera. “I didn’t think you’d hear me in here.” “You’re all the buzz around Volonia. It took you 40 cycles to achieve, but I’d say, well earned.”  She grabs Viscera’s collar, forcing him closer. “We need a portal out of here.” 
Shenzara’s not convinced. Biting her nails, she says, “Mom he can’t conjure a portal, this is the House of Lords remember.”  
Viscera turns on his heel to face the girl. “Thank you for that spirited acknowledgement, which I resent, but yes, the dear child is correct.” 
Broc rises from the bench, his eyes alert as he motions to Viscera. “I can get us out of here.” He grabs his ear and yanks as he says, “VCO VU AMM VOSA,” but nothing happens. 
Taking charge of the situation, Varah points to the bench. “Both of you sit. I’m Class Six; my spells should work here.” 
Viscera cautiously takes a step away from Varah “Sorry to be a bearer of bad news, Varah, but as the dear child clearly stated, this is the House of Lords. All magic is void here except for Class Eights.” 
“Well then how did you get here?” 
“There are some perks to being a Guide, I can’t deny it.” Curiously, Viscera brings his hand to his chin. “How did I get here? Hmm.” Realizing something is indeed different, he says, “Your voice came to me clearer than ever before.” 
Broc whispers to Shenzara “That’s a first!” His wide smile annoys Viscera, who turns away. Varah has had it. She forces Viscera closer. “Enough! Give me your hand.” Viscera cautiously lifts his hand, which Varah grips tightly. 
“Go easy, Varah,” he winces. 
Varah turns towards Broc and Shenzara and says, “Stay here. I’ll be back.” 
Broc turns nervously to Shenzara. “You’re really going to leave us?” Varah forces herself to turn away; she’s torn. 
“I promise I’ll be back.” Varah squeezes Viscera’s hand then pushes him through the door, magically transporting them through to the other side. 
Viscera curiously moves from the door, to Varah, then to the door again. “How in bloody hell did you do that?” Varah winks, her confidence up again. She tiptoes down the dark hall.
“Remember, I’m a bad witch, Viscera. They call me Class Six.” 

Shenzara drops her hands into her lap. “What do we do now?” 
Broc paces again, his nerves more on edge than ever. “We wait for Mom.” Shenzara ignores Broc’s comment, her eyes closing slowly. Quietly, she turns within. Broc shoves her. “Wake up. This is no time to check out. I’m nervous.” Shenzara opens her eyes, but Broc notices that her demeanor has somehow changed. It frightens him. He takes a step away, but his eyes are locked on his sister’s blank stare. 
Varah and Viscera hurry down the dark corridor and arrive at the silver door. They huddle, Varah leading the plan. Her tone is convincing, but she sounds worried when she says, “Okay, I need a convincing distraction while I find Roman.” 
Viscera nervously clutches his heart. “Is this really going to work?” Varah is ready.  Pure adrenaline guides her. She grabs Viscera’s hand and cautiously but magically pokes her head through the door, noticing the two guards. She unlatches the lock on the door from the inside. 
“Okay Viscera, you can do this.” Without hesitation, Varah forcefully pushes Viscera through the door, causing him to fall to the ground at the feet of the guards.  The god-like men lift their staffs. “Who goes there?” 
Viscera jumps to his feet. “I demand to see the Lords!” The guards take aim with their magical staffs, but Viscera bolts down the empty corridor. 
“Stop!” Both guards race after him. 
Varah pushes open the door and peeks out before opening it wider. One foot cautiously steps out, then the other. She looks to her left, then to her right, panicked. She scurries down the hall as her loose, flowing train follows closely behind.  She stays close to the wall, hoping to stay out of sight. She creeps down the bricked corridor, the dust in the air forcing a sneeze. She clamps her hand over her mouth so as not to be heard while gripping the leafy vines, which cling to the walls and serve as guidance. Every step wobbles with the thought of capture. She hears a faint whisper coming from behind her. She takes a quick backward glance. No one is there. She walks faster.  The corridor is a dead end; nowhere to go. Keeping her panic in check, she scans every crevice of the floor and the wall. “There!” She spots a hidden door to her right. Peering down the corridor to make sure it’s clear, she steps nervously toward the door. Her heart racing, she thrusts the door forward and whispers, “Roman? Roman?” Slowly she opens the door. “Roman?” 
Varah enters the room. Five exquisite paintings depicting the ancient Guardians of Volonia greet her. A few marble benches are arranged near each painting.  The door slams abruptly, frightening Varah. She turns quickly, but no one is there.
“Roman? Is that you?” She steps farther into the room. Now confident that she is alone, Varah walks over to one of the paintings for a closer look. It reads, Guardian Dumas Pritchard Vladimir. Varah stares intently at the painting, her eyes fixated on the man’s image. His bronze skin glows. He dons a colorful robe. Atop his long mane rests a gold crown encircling his head. His eyes are hazel, his stance strong, hands opened as if welcoming Varah to his space. Suddenly, a hand touches Varah on the shoulder, startling her into a scream.  
“It’s Roman. It’s me. Don’t be afraid.” 
Varah cups her hand to her mouth. “You frightened me!” Lord Roman takes Varah’s hands into his own and leads her to one of the benches. They sit.
“Varah, I want to help you, but you have to tell me what happened.”  
“I told you Roman. There is nothing else to say.” Varah quickly stands, her frustration brought to an immediate peak.  
“Come on, Varah. There has to be something else you did. Tell me everything.”
Still, there is no response from Varah. “Is there no getting through to you?” Lord Roman’s voice softens. He steps closer to Varah and caresses her arm. His touch sends Varah directly into past memories. Her tone then softens too. 
“I want my name cleared, Roman.”  
“Honey I want to get you out of here as much as you do, but the other Lords have a strangle hold on this. They desire an answer.” He moves towards Varah, his body pressed against hers, forcing her to the wall. She has nowhere to go, and his aggression is all too familiar to her. 
“Roman what are you doing?” 
“Varah, I’ve never forgotten about you; it’s always been you.” Varah seems flattered; her pulse beats faster, her cold stare warms, and she musters a smile. 
“You mean that?” 
Lord Roman takes her hands and cups them in his own. “I don’t say things I don’t mean; you should know that by now.” 
“But what about…” Lord Roman’s places his index finger over Varah’s mouth halting her next word. His warm lips brush her earlobe ever so slightly. 
He whispers, his tone suddenly turning cold, “Darling, how did you get the Vondercrat? Go on, tell me.” Varah, confused, looks into Lord Roman’s hazel eyes, her heart beating faster. She is unable to look away; a lost love greets her again.  
Footsteps approach from a distance. Hearing them, Lord Roman tightens his grip on her arm. “Go on Varah, hurry! Someone is coming.” Lord Roman leans in passionately, kissing Varah. Her eyes drop, her heart races, her hands reluctantly grip the bricked wall behind her, and she ultimately accepts the kiss.  Then, ending the kiss abruptly, Lord Roman laughs sinisterly. He winks at Varah. 
“What’s funny?” A cobra seeps along the ground from underneath Lord Roman’s robe, slithering toward Varah. Frightened, she steps away.  Lord Roman lifts his hands, and suddenly Varah’s hands are magically fixed to the wall. A few white cobras burst through the bricks around her, wrapping themselves around Varah’s arms. She’s pinned! She screams! Lord Roman’s voice deepens and a blank, sadistic stare comes into his eyes. He’s in a trance.  Lord Roman slowly reaches out and grabs Varah by the neck, his fingernails growing before her eyes, wrapping tightly around her neck. Filled with fear, Varah gasps for air. “Roman! What are you doing to me?”  The white cobras slide up and down Varah’s body, the hissing sound intensifying as they slitter closer to Varah’s head.  
Writhing momentarily like one of the snakes, Lord Roman morphs into a wickedly laughing Olivia, draped in a black hooded robe. She lifts her head, enjoying the sight of Varah struggling yet failing at all attempts to free herself.  
“Olivia!” 
“Who else would it be? You didn’t actually think Roman still had feelings for you, did you Darling? You look absolutely powerless!” Varah squirms as the cobras slide to only inches from her mouth. Olivia grips Varah’s jaw, forcing it near. “How did you do it?” 
“You’re a Class Eight, you figure it out.” 
“I think I have something that will get you to talk.” Olivia lifts her hands. A ball of electricity ignites from her palms; her eyes glow like fire. She levitates, the rays of electricity blinding the entire room. Varah turns her head away from the light, feeling her fate fall in ruins. As she braces herself for a cruel death, the door behind her blasts open and two guards rush in. 
“You! Stop!” 
Olivia morphs into a ball of fire and ascends high above the ground. Suddenly there is a powerful burst through the ceiling. A loud rumble can be heard throughout the building as bricks come crashing to the floor.  The guards quickly maneuver to avoid being crushed.  
As the magic wears off the cobras are released. A disheveled Varah collapses to the ground. 
Lord Roman rushes in, greeted by commotion. “Varah? Are you alright?” 
“I think so,” she mutters. 
“What happened?” 
“Your veil.” 
Lord Roman glances around the room. “Olivia? You’re lying, Varah. She wouldn’t think to come here.” 
Varah massages her aching neck, her eyes looking up at the hole in the ceiling. Her tone is sarcastic now. “I guess that hole just got there by itself, then, huh?” 
“This is worse than I anticipated, Varah.” Lord Roman wanders over to a bench. He sits, and his mood quickly shifts, doubt creeping into his voice. “They want to exile you. Broc and Shenzara, too.” 
Stunned, Varah rises to her feet. As she catches her breath, the words burst from her lips. “What?” 
“The Lords are gridlocked: two opposing and two in your favor.” 
Varah looks away; she wipes dust from her dress. She knows what’s coming. “And your vote, Roman?” 
“Conflict of interest; I’m exempt.” 
“So, what does that mean?” 
Lord Roman rises and silently turns away. “A higher house. It’s in the Guardians’ hands now.”  
Lord Roman swiftly exits the room. Varah can’t believe what she’s just heard. Her heart is racing. She turns to the paintings on the wall and stands alone, looking up into their faces. Her fate rests in the hands of Volonia’s most ancient Guardians. 




Chapter Five
Guardians of Volonia
It’s early morning. The sound of several feet approaching becomes louder as they get closer.  Four guards stop to rest at a large door.  They are draped in gold robes, their staffs attached to their sides, their faces made of stone; they are on a mission. One of the guards moves his staff in front of the door, and magically, the door unlocks. Once through the doorway, a tall, bricked stairwell appears before them. They ascend swiftly, the light of their lanterns guiding them through the darkness. At the top, the guards fix their lanterns on the walls that split the hallway in both directions. “Which corridor?” one of the guards asks. A second guard points the way with his staff.  They proceed down the dimly lit path.  They reach a set of double, steel doors. “Here?” inquires the first guard. “You think this is a bit much for a Class Six? What’s the charge?” A slight vibration shifts the space. The guards’ turn, knowing it must be only one thing: a Lord. 
Lordess Raven magically glides down the hall, her cloak slightly grazing the ground. She descends. The guards take position at the door, their poses intimidating and their staffs poised fiercely across their chests. Lordess Raven removes her hood.  The light from the lanterns reveals her silky, olive skin and the gold streak hanging straight down with the sleek fall of her tresses. She curiously hides her hands behind her back before walking over to face one of the guards. “How is she?” 
The guards look nervously to the floor. “We have just arrived, Lordess Raven.”  	
“Do you have the spell for admittance?” 
“No, Lordess.”
Lordess Raven smiles. “Good! VOOL SYA VCO VALLE.” The steel doors suddenly open, and she quickly glides into the room, “VCO VOY.” The doors slam behind her, leaving the guards at their post outside. She glides to the center of the empty space and then prominently lifts her right hand. “VACY VCO AL SIIAN.” Suddenly a large, glass room is illuminated. Behind it Varah sits alone on a chair. Hanging around her neck is a Vicklor, a glowing device that restricts the use of magic. She is dressed simply yet beautifully in a fitted, white gown, her hair is pulled stylishly to the side. Her elegant legs are crossed, masking the impatience she feels during this waiting. 
“Lordess Raven, is that really you?” She quickly uncrosses her legs and rises from her chair to step cautiously behind it. She is ready for battle. “How can I trust you?” Lordess Raven smiles, but Varah steps farther away from the glass. “How can I be sure it’s you?”  
Lordess Raven floats over to the glass. She sees the battle-ready look in Varah’s eye. Lordess Raven lifts her arm toward the sky and a chair magically appears. She sits and replies calmly to Varah, “At our last class party cycles ago, one of us created a typhoon almost flooding the ceremony because she didn’t realize her new-found powers.” 
Varah smiles at the memory. “I thought I’d put that past me. Yes, it’s really you.”  Varah walks over to the edge of the glass and concedes an inviting smile to her friend.  “I’m glad you came.”
With the lift of a hand, Lordess Raven summons Varah’s chair to a position directly facing the glass. “Sit.” Varah does so. 
“Are Broc and Shenzara all right?” 
“They’re fine. Listen, Varah. We’ve been friends for a while, and I wanted you to know that I’ll always stand in your honor.” 
“I thank you for that. You were the one who gave me the insight about Roman and her.” Lordess Raven struggles for her next statement. She glances away. “What is it, Lordess Raven?”  
“They could send you away, Varah.” 
“They could send me away? Where?” Varah rises from her chair; she moves closer to the glass. “I’m Class Six, Raven. I’ve worked hard for that.” 
Lordess Raven lifts her hands. She magically appears alongside Varah behind the glass. “Varah! You’ve breached the system. You’re a risk.” Lordess Raven turns away. “They could send you to a distant planet.” 
Varah’s head drops, her hope deflated. She steps away. “And my twins?” Lordess Raven places her hand on Varah’s shoulder. Resisting the gesture, Varah realizes the truth in what Lordess Raven is not saying.  She screams, “Ahhhh!!” Suddenly her hair stands as though on fire.  An electrical surge shoots from the glowing device attached to her neck, sending a painful current through her body. She screams again, this time in pain.  Lordess Raven looks away, unable to bear seeing her friend suffer. “Raven, I can’t be without my kids. Is he the one up to this?” 
“I assure you, Lord Roman has nothing to do with this outcome. The Guardians have been summoned.” 
“Where are my kids? I must see them!” Lordess Raven lifts a hand and reappears outside the glass. Varah runs over to the impenetrable wall. Her panic rises.  Desperation fills her eyes. “Please Raven, please!”  
Lordess Raven turns slowly, now stepping toward the door. Every move she makes hurts. Varah stands alone behind the glass, stricken with pain. She pleads, “VIEOO Lordess Raven, VIEOO!” 
Lordess Raven pauses at the door, contemplating. Her eyes start to glow. “You may have a few minutes.” Magically, Broc and Shenzara appear in the glass room alongside their mother. They, too have glowing devices attached to their necks. Broc runs over to Varah; they embrace. 
“Mom, where were you? I thought you were gone forever.” Shenzara folds her arms, pouting, and walks over to the opposite end of the glass room. She is neither thrilled nor impressed.  
“Shenzara, honey, are you okay?” 
“I’d rather not talk about it. I want to go home.” Broc fiddles with his neck device, an attempt at removing it that fails. 
“This thing is too tight. Zara, lighten up.” Shenzara doesn’t move, her childish attitude coming through clearly. 
“That’s not the point! She’s selfish, and we’re paying for it!” 
“Don’t be a brat, Zara.” Shenzara turns her back to Varah and Broc, “This is stupid! It was supposed to be our day and she ruined it. That’s the reason….” Shenzara catches herself.  
Varah cautiously walks over. “That’s the reason what? Go on, finish.” 
Shenzara musters some courage and turns to Varah, face to face. “That’s the reason I wanted to live with Father. You’ve done nothing but screw our lives up!” 
Varah’s heart drops to her feet. She takes a step back. “I didn’t see that coming. I did this for you, Shenzara…” 
Shenzara interrupts, “No, you did this for you. You’re pissed at Father, you hate Olivia, you’re not a class eight, and now we are the ones paying for it.” Broc steps cautiously over to Shenzara and takes her hand. Dismissively, she pushes him away.  Her stare intensifies as she moves closer to Varah. 
“Calm down, Shenzara. I’ll think of something.” 
“No, Mom. You’ve always talked about following the rules of Volonia, and the first chance you get, you break them.” Shenzara’s hair rises like fire, flares shooting out from her small body, and her feet suddenly lift from the ground. Varah eyes widen; she reels back in shock. 
“Shenzara!” She screams.  
“No! I hate you! I hate you! VCO VO VOYA!” Shenzara yells. The four walls of glass shatter around them, crashing to the floor. The guards rush in just as Shenzara collapses to the floor. Her neck device sends another strong current through her body.  Crumpled and tearful, she buries her face in her hands.  “I want to go home. I want to go home.” Tears flow from her eyes while Broc and Varah stand motionless, their mouths dropped, nothing to say.  They stand in the remnants of Shenzara’s anger-- a family’s love torn to pieces in minutes.

Lord Roman and the other four Lords wait in a dark room, their faces lit by flickering lanterns, their shadows prancing nervously on the walls as they stand in silence. Lord Roman speaks solemnly. “May we all grasp hands?  Repeat after me.” “VCO VY VENTI AVOLA.” The others repeat the spell, their hands still united in collective strength. A clap of thunder high above their heads suddenly rocks the room. Fierce winds blow through their heavy robes, making it difficult for them to stand in place. Bolts of light rush through their bodies, encompassing and harnessing the power of each Lord. A brightly lit portal opens in the center of the room. An intense, repetitive hum emanates from deep within the portal. 
“Be well!” yells Lordess Raven. 
The piercing wind rushes through Lord Semelia’s hair, her gold streak whipped by the wind.  “See you soon, Lord Roman!” 
Lord Roman gathers his robes about himself before walking towards the portal. As he places one foot inside the brightness, Lord Vondell screams out, “Lord Roman!” but Roman, focused on his mission, doesn’t turn back. He forces an answer “What is it?” 
“I will accompany you!” shouts Lord Vondell over the noise of the storm.  Lordess Semelia lifts her head. Shocked, she turns toward Lordess Raven. They all await an answer. 
Reluctantly, Lord Roman agrees. “If that is your choice.” Lord Roman proceeds into the portal. Lord Vondell looks to the other Lords and nods before following Lord Roman through the brightly spinning circle. The Portal closes in on itself. A look of uncertainty moves across the faces of the three remaining Lords.

A portal opens. Lord Roman and Lord Vondell exit onto a flat surface. It’s dusty and cold. They stare out at miles of empty space. “What now?” asks Lord Vondell. Lord Roman ignores the question and continues to walk, but then stops abruptly. Something crosses his mind. He turns towards Lord Vondell. 
“I just want to be sure we are on the same page,” says Lord Roman as he removes his hood. He unties the top of his robe, breathing in the clear, open air. 
“And what page would that be?” Lord Vondell replies, also taking a deep breath. He glances at the bare sky. “Is this about your seat?” 
“No! So much more is at stake here than that,” Roman says in defense.
“Are you sure, Lord Roman?”  
“Yes. Shenzara and Broc are in the middle. They shouldn’t have to right the wrong for Varah.” 
“So we both agree on what’s right for Volonia?  Or is there a special amendment given to your family?” A smirk comes over the face of Lord Vondell. 
“We should get going,” says Lord Roman, as he turns to continue walking. 
Lord Vondell nods and follows, sustaining the smirk as he follows close behind. “Yes, we should.”  The two Lords walk on.  “So where is this great Guardian city?” 
Lord Roman does not respond but stares straight ahead.  “VOC VACY VCO AL SIIAN.” A mile-wide and rocky mountain range appears before them.  Its power is visible as a swath of shining, vibrating air hovering in the naked sky. It is grand and massive.  The entire landscape shimmers with a golden light. Lord Vondell is astonished. His eyes search every inch of the mountain, taking in its beauty. Lord Roman notices a gold door-- an entrance-- high above the ground in the mid-range of the mountain. He opens his hands. He levitates high above the ground, drifting towards the golden door.  
Lord Vondell notices Lord Roman’s ascent. “VCO FIOLO VOY,” and magically Lord Vondell disappears then reappears at the doors on the mountain. He waits for Lord Roman. “This was much faster.”  
Ignoring Lord Vondell’s comment, Lord Roman moves toward the center of the door. His voice booms, commanding and powerful. “VAMY CO VCO SACIOL.”  
The door thunders back, “VAMY CO VCO SACIOL.” Slowly, the door fades to reveal a path into the magical and mysterious mountain. The two Lords enter and continue forward. They glide toward the edge of what appears to be a steep cliff. Looking down, they notice a small valley surrounded by huge boulders. The ground looks solid, flat and glittering white. Lord Roman lifts a hand and they both descend to the base of the valley to find themselves standing in the center of the
white surface.  Lord Vondell glances around nervously. 
A beam of energy ascends from the bottom of their feet.  The energy passes through their bodies and high above their heads to identify them as Lords. Three distinct spheres of light gradually appear before them.  The lights dissolve into floating beings, holographic images. 
The reigning Guardians of Volonia take their Volonian forms. Lord Roman and Lord Vondell bow respectfully. Seemingly in response, the three Guardians levitate, their faces brightly lit by the white, reflective, surface.  Lord Vondell, being in the presence of the Guardians for the first time, bows again in awe. 
Guardian Vladimir is positioned in the center. He is a thin man. His long gray mane is prominent against his wiry frame, as are his bright, hazel eyes.  He wears a white robe, which looks magnificent against his deep, mahogany skin. To his left is Guardian Minion Tagge, who is a bit thicker around the waist. His short-cropped brown hair compliments his lighter, sandy brown beard. Guardian Amelia Roche drifts to the right of Guardian Vladimir; her translucent skin is that of an angel. She is a petite woman, and her long, grey hair is pinned up in a bun. The creases on her face reveal that she is the elder of the group.
Guardian Vladimir welcomes the Lords with an opening hymn from the ancient Vondercrat. “VCO SEY COOY VULI. VCO SEY COOY VLO. Welcome, Lord Roman. Lord Vondell, it is a pleasure to meet you.” 
Lord Vondell anxiously takes a step forward to stand in front of Lord Roman, who respectfully takes a step back, allowing his fellow Lord to speak. “It is a great honor to finally meet the Guardians. I am duly humbled.” 
“Why have you summoned us, Lord Roman?” Guardian Vladimir asks.  
“We are grateful for the opportunity to commune with you all, but under the circumstances, this may not be a joyous visit.”
“Go on,” Guardian Vladimir urges.
Lord Vondell anxiously shifts his weight from one foot to the other, eager to chime in. Guardian Amelia notices this. “Lord Vondell, is there something you would like to come forth to say?”
Lord Vondell glances at Lord Roman, His grin widens. He takes another step towards the Guardians. “In the midst of the Shifting Ceremony, one of our citizens summoned the Vondercrat and used its powers for...”  
“Impossible!” Interjects Guardian Amelia. “It takes all five Lords of Volonia to retrieve the ancient Vondercrat!” 
Guardian Vladimir sits silently, his disbelief showing openly. He inhales deeply. “Who is this citizen, and what class?” Lord Vondell takes a step back, his arm extended, implicating Lord Roman in some way. “That is the troubling part, Guardians.”
Lord Roman hesitates; then says, “My ex-veil. Class Six.”
Guardian Vladimir’s voice echoes loudly across the expanse of space. “Did you have any part in this breach?” 
“I can assure you, Guardian, there was no violation on my part.  We intentionally amended Volonian law several cycles ago so that this could never happen.” 
“I am sure you both know what’s at stake when anyone gets their hands on the Vondercrat,” says Guardian Tagge. 
“Are we preceding with exile?” asks Guardian Amelia.  
Lord Vondell lifts his head to the sky, his words ringing proudly. “She should be exiled immediately.” Lord Roman stands frozen, stunned by the force of Lord Vondell’s declaration.
“How did the Lords vote?” says Guardian Vladimir. 
“Two for, two against.” 
Guardian Amelia again steers the discussion and inquires, “Exiled to what distant dimension, do you propose?”  
“A place where evil runs rampant.” Lord Vondell’s smile catches Guardian Tagge’s eye.  
“Is something amusing you about this breach, Lord Vondell?”  
Lord Vondell stumbles over his words before finding the right ones. “Guardian Tagge, it is my duty to protect the Vondercrat and its power.  I find it troubling that there is a conflict of interest here.”  Lord Vondell lifts his hand, expecting to receive the Volonia law book, but nothing happens. 
“Your magic is void here Lord Vondell,” says Guardian Amelia. 
“Duly noted.” 
Lord Roman has had enough. “She is my ex-veil and nothing more, Lord Vondell. We share parental duties, nothing more.”  
“Enough!” shouts Guardian Vladimir. “How old are the children?” 
“Twelve, they’re twins.” 
Guardian Amelia leans toward Guardian Vladimir to whisper in his ear.  Listening, Guardian Vladimir shifts his composure. The three Guardians commune among themselves before turning to the Lords. 
“You do understand, that if found guilty, the children will be exiled as well,” says Guardian Vladimir. Lord Roman’s heart sinks. His eyes lower, searching for a way out. His head nods in reluctant agreement. “Lord Roman, the people of Volonia appointed you Lord because they felt you could protect the Vondercrat and be unbiased under any circumstance while upholding Volonian law. You must make a choice and be the deciding voice,” says Guardian Vladimir.  Lord Vondell’s hands fall to his side, his face as cold as the hard, white floor beneath their feet. 
“I understand,” Lord Roman responds. 
“But Guardians, I…” Lord Vondell pauses to collect his thoughts “We were hoping that you three would make this decision, given the circumstances.”  
“I’m sure you were, but this is Lord Roman’s decision to make,” responds Guardian Tagge.  “We are confident that you will make the right decision, Lord Roman.” 
Lord Vondell’s tone deepens.  He moves boldly close to the Guardians. “Guardians, don’t you think…”  
“Lord Vondell, we’ve declared our decision!”  Feeling this keen reproach, Lord Vondell concedes. He accepts with a nod.  Both Lords nod again as they turn to exit, but they are stopped abruptly.  
“One more thing,” Guardian Vladimir adds, his voice cold and certain. “Darkness may soon fall over Volonia. The key to your survival may very well reside in this single decision, Lord Roman.  The energies of our planet are aligning quickly. The battle of a lifetime could ensue.  A decision must be made by all five Lords as to which side they’re on.”  Lord Roman listens intently, his eyes fixed on Guardian Vladimir, “If the wrong decision is made, our planet could fall into the hands of a destructive power unlike anything we have ever seen.”  Lord Roman stands. He is struck by a trembling fear.  His faith has been challenged, and his soul has been shaken by Guardian Vladimir’s grim prophecy of Volonia’s uncertain future.



















Chapter Six
Judgments

It’s early afternoon in Upper Volonia. Vamo’s golden beams shine down to warm the Volonian sector where citizens joyfully crowd the streets. Vendors occupy the corners to sell artifacts, trinkets, snacks and sweet-filled breads. The aroma of freshly cooked food floats through the air.  Above the city, a massive ball of fire momentarily distracts the townspeople from their activities as it races high above. It has the formation of a comet, leaving a trail of fire as it tears through the bright sky.  Children point up and stare, and then run, trying to chase after it. Its velocity is too much for their small legs, however. They slow to a defeated walk, realizing they’ll never catch it.  
An older man sits on a stoop and moves some game pieces on a table.  His head rises as he senses something in the sky passing in his direction. “Isn’t she a beauty?” he says. Beside him sits a younger man, his eyes glued to the sky. “Class Eight!” says the older gentleman. 	
“How would you know that?” the younger gentleman asks.
“Easy, I know her. Powerful and seductive she was, in her younger days.  We shifted together.”  
The younger gentleman turns away in disbelief.  He’s had enough. “Lies! Voosh! Voosh! Why must you fabricate about something as shallow as this?” The old gentleman merely smiles and turns his attention back to his game.  He picks up a piece with his withered and shaky hand and turns back to the younger man. 
“That’s a woman you’ll want to stay away from.” 
“You’re losing it, old man. I’m late. Catch you tomorrow.” The younger man exits the stoop and dashes off toward the Transit Portal System, or TPS as the youth like to call it. He places his wrist over the reader and enters the portal.  The older man packs his game pieces into a small bag. He rises before feeling around for his cane.  We now notice that he is blind. He locates the cane and picks it up. With the bag of game pieces in the other hand, he wobbles on his cane down the crowded street. Suddenly, a scruffy, unshaved man magically appears in front of him and snatches his small bag then disappears as quickly as he appeared.  The older gentlemen shouts, “Help! Someone help! Anyone?” He adds with a snarl, “Dreaded Pop-in…” He limps away, disappointed, again victimized by a Pop-in: a Volonian whose restricted powers allow them only to disappear and reappear.

Several miles away, the ball of fire comes to a mid-air halt, hovering over an ancient castle.  A massive body of water occupies the space in front of the entrance.  A drawbridge descends to allow the ball of fire to bullet itself inside.  Slowly, the fire floats down a long hallway.  At the end of the hallway, doors magically open and the fireball glides in.  The room is quaintly decorated with ornate, gold furniture, and vases of purple flowers are placed attractively around the dimly lit room. The ball of fire hovers in the center of the room before morphing into Olivia.  She stands with her hands firmly wrapped around her petite waist, which is wrapped in a fitted purple robe hanging elegantly to the floor. A gold chain adorns her slender neck. Every part of her wardrobe is in place. Her eyes search the room, apparently unsuccessfully; then, she walks to the door, her robe dragging behind her. She yells out, “Roman! Honey?” He doesn’t answer. She lifts her hands and the door magically closes. She focuses, eyes fixated on a blank wall in the room.  She whispers, “Vladimir?” It’s quiet.  She closes her eyes and focuses more intently. “VCO VY ASAM MA VEE.” Nothing happens.  Her eyebrows lift curiously, annoyed.  Arms folded, she shifts her weight to one side. “Vladimir!” She shouts. A hint of smoke traces an outline on the wall.  Lightning cracks in the room’s skylight. A frenzied wind whips her hair into a mess.  Lifting her hands, she summons a glass shield to protect her from the harsh winds.  
A hologram of Guardian Vladimir’s face magically appears, floating on the wall.  “Why have you summoned me, Olivia?” 
“Oh don’t be like that Vladimir, you know we have unfinished business.” 
“Olivia there isn’t much more to say.” 
Olivia paces the floor as a commander would. She has a plan. “Let’s cut the pleasantries. You have something I want and I suggest, no, I urge you to relinquish it now.” Olivia steps toward the hologram threateningly. “Because this could get ugly.” Guardian Vladimir doesn’t budge; instead, the floating hologram magically morphs, and Guardian Vladimir now appears as a full hologram, face-to-face with Olivia.  His presence is commanding and absolute.  This thrills Olivia.  She antagonizes him with a few sarcastic claps. “All this for me? You shouldn’t have.”  In response, the hologram flickers brightly, its energy intense.  It’s too powerful, forcing Olivia to take a few steps back. 
“Olivia, this is not about you.” 
“When are you finally going to wake up? I’m destined to rule, Vladimir! It’s in my blood.” Olivia seductively bats her eyes. A snake appears. It wraps around her shoulders and slitters through her fingers. She smiles. 
“I’m bored with your antics, Olivia. The power you’re seeking doesn’t belong to you.” 
Olivia chuckles. “I am the most powerful witch in all of Volonia! No other warlock or witch stands up to me. It is in my lineage.” 
“Olivia you wouldn’t know power if it was at the edge of your fingertips.” 
“I’ll destroy this planet if I can’t rule it!” 
“That’s a chance that I and the other Guardians will have to take.” 
“The Good Samaritan act is getting old, Vladimir. It’s boring and useless.” 	Guardian Vladimir turns his back to Olivia. She rises to the challenge, her hazel eyes now glowing a bright red. Snakes wrap seductively around her petite frame as she glides forward. 
“Let us not forget who gave you those powers, Olivia. The Guardians!”  
“I earned them!” 
“We are finished here.” 
“What are you hiding, Vladimir?” 
Guardian Vladimir turns towards Olivia, his temper growing, and his voice deeper. “I hide nothing from you.” 
Olivia pauses, realizing something, and her smirk fades away. “Where is the Vondercrat, Vladimir?” 
“You’ll never find it.” 
“But she did!” shouts Olivia. Guardian Vladimir silently morphs back into a floating head. “How did she get the Vondercrat, Vladimir? She’s only a Class Six.” She screams her frustration at him, “Tell me at once!”  Olivia conjures a ball of fire in the palm of her hand and forcefully hurls it at the hologram.  The ball passes through the shape, its fire creating an explosive impact on the wall and shaking the room slightly.  Olivia stomps in frustration and then morphs into a ball of fire.  She crashes through the door, her exit dramatic as she sizzles down the hallway. Her screeching voice echoes through the halls of the castle. “This isn’t over, Vladimir!”  
Guardian Vladimir continues to float in the empty room, nervously searching for an answer. Slowly he disappears.  The faint sound of his voice floats from a distance. “We’ll be ready for you, my daughter.”

A woman with four-inch heels walks business-like down a hallway.  A few spectators gather in the halls whispering among themselves.  The woman turns off the hallway and into a circular-shaped room.  It resembles a small coliseum.  Bleachers ring the outer wall surrounding a large, marble table. This is the Lords’ Judging Chambers.  A small audience of about one hundred people are scattered about the bleachers, sitting patiently for the judgments to start.  The high-heeled woman stands at the center of the floor and motions to a thickly built man who rushes over to her. On the back of his robe reads Volonia’s Vop cast.  
“Hey Boris, are we all set? We should be starting in about 20 minutes.” 
“Yes. Everything is set. Shall we do a test?” 
The woman lifts a hand.  An object with a shape something like that of a microphone appears for her to grab. “Okay, I’m ready,” says the woman.  The man lifts both hands out in front of him. A beam of light shoots straight out from the palms of his hands, forming a squared electrical image. 
The woman combs her fingers through her hair before pulling her gold streak behind her ear.  “We are live in the Lords’ Judging Chambers for today’s sentencing.” The man gives the woman a thumb’s up, and the lights in the room start to dim. 
The woman and man rush over to the side where the audience sits.  A massive table rests on a pedestal at the center of the room. Spectators lean in as they ready themselves for the show. Led by a pair of guards with staffs, the five Lords of Volonia enter from a side corridor. They are dressed identically in white robes with gold trim.  The robes are heavier than most, and solid gold crowns adorn their heads. Lordess Raven uses both hands to lift her robe as she steps onto the center pedestal. The audience is silent, yet their anticipation is palpable.  One man solely applauds and shouts, “Banished from Volonia forever!” A nearby guard frowns upon this outburst.  
The Lords take their seats.  The room is quiet.  The five Lords wait as late spectators scramble for the few remaining seats.  Lordess Raven proceeds over the judgments.  Her voice carries easily in the stadium-like room.  “Thank you for your patience. We may now begin.” She nods to a guard and he lifts his staff to open a large, gated corridor.  A huge, enclosed, glass case glides from the corridor into the room. Inside it stands a woman, her body pressed against the glass. Clearly, she wants out.  Her clothes are slightly torn, and her face is covered in dirt.  Lord Vondell sniffs as though sensing something unpleasant, and then averts his eyes. 
“How does she plead?” asks Lordess Raven.  
The guard speaks loud and clear, “Not guilty!” 
The woman yells through the glass, her voice slightly muffled. “I am not guilty my Lords! You’ve got to believe me! I only wanted to eat.”  
“Is this her first offense?” inquires Lord Vondell.  
Lordess Semelia reads from a scroll; then she stares the woman in the eye and states, with conviction in her voice, “She’s a drifter.”  
Lord Vondell mutters under his breath, “Pathetic.”  
“I have no food. I needed to feed my young,” implores the woman. 
“And what did you do with your three daily spells?” asks Lord Vondell, accusingly. 
“Well,” she stammered, “that’s not a lot of spells to start with.” 
Annoyed, Lord Vondell shifts his attention to his notes. “That is all, thank you.” 	
“If I may inquire,” interjects Lord Roman, “what was your class, before your downgrade?” 
“Class Five.” 
The audience gasps. Lordess Raven motions for silence, “Quiet, please! Let us not throw stones.” 
The woman falls to her knees, clutching her hands together. “Will you spare me, Lords?  Will you?”  
Lord Vondell rolls his eyes. “Let’s vote, or else we’ll be here an eternity.” A few of the audience members yell out “Pop-in! Pop-in!” “Exile her!” “Downgrade her!” 
“Enough! We will sentence her,” declares Lordess Raven. She turns to Lordess Semelia.  “Lordess, the Law, please?” 
“Under Volonia’s Book of Law, Amendment V3, stealing of any kind is prohibited.  Food, spells, magic or class fraud, all fall under this law.  I am sure you understand the eviction from your class for the previous circumstances.  As a Drifter, you were given the opportunity to demonstrate that you were capable of living among the Volonian people in an altered state. You have shown yourself to be unable to do so.  Please stand for your sentencing.”  
The woman rises to her feet, desperate for sympathy.  She hangs on Lordess Semelia’s every word.  “Pop-in is your sentenced downgrade.” 
“No!” yells the woman.  The audience waits in anticipation for the final verdict. 	
“We will now vote,” says Lordess Raven as she stands to address the row of Lords. “Pop-in.” The four other Lords dramatically rise one by one, each rendering their vote 
“Pop-in!” they collectively agree.  The woman collapses to her knees.  Tears flowing, she yells at the top of her lungs, “VCO VAMORE, my Lords!” her life changed forever.  
Lord Vondell’s face brightens. “May I do the honors?” Lordess Raven agrees with a nod. Lord Vondell blows toward the woman in the glass case.  A mighty wind issues from his lips; it’s magical and bright. Suddenly the case is filled with a glowing light, forcing even the audience to shield their eyes.  The woman scurries away as the beams move to engulf her.  She tries to escape into a corner of the glass box, but there is nowhere to go.  The light finds her, and her magic slowly drains away.  She is now a Pop-in.  She sits motionless as two guards raise their staffs and magically remove the glass case from the judging chamber. Lordess Raven looks on with a face of mixed emotions.  She has helped to seal the fate of yet another Volonian. All the Lords stand and raise their right hands toward the sky and utter the word, “Departure.” Without warning, Lordess Raven she rises and exits the chamber, her white robe dragging dramatically after her. 
Noticing Lordess Raven’s departure, Lord Roman chases after her. “We will reconvene in ten minutes.”   
Lordess Raven attempts to compose herself in one of the holding rooms.  Her face is drawn with hurt.  A single tear falls from her eye. 
Lord Roman enters, concerned, “Lordess, are you all right?”  
Lordess Raven hurries to wipe away the tear. “Yes, Lord Roman.”  
“I am sure you are aware that the duties here can be emotionally draining.” 
“That’s putting it lightly.” Lordess Raven walks over to a bench and sits, exhausted.  A painting of Guardian Vladimir seems to look down over her heavy-heartedness.  “I question if it’s all worth it,” retorts Lordess Raven.
Lordess Raven fixates on the painting. “How do you think he feels? When we strip one of our own of their class inheritance.” 
“It’s a choice one has to make.  If holding this seat is priority.” Lord Roman stands.
Lord Roman looks into the distance. He chooses his words carefully and his voice deepens. “If we traded places with that woman, she would do exactly the same thing to you or me.” Lordess Raven stands facing the painting, her back to Lord Roman. “Doing what’s right for the House of Lords is top priority.”
“That’s the oath we took,” adds Lord Roman.  He backs away from the Lordess and turns to exit.  
Lordess Raven turns, her tone revealing a renewed calm, yet tainted with sarcasm. “The parallels are quite chilling, don’t you think?” Lord Roman takes a step toward the door. “Is exiling Varah and your children the right thing to do for the House of Lords as well?” 
Lord Roman seems to be frozen in place, his face emotionless.  His sharp intake of breath gives way to a quick reply. “I think you know the answer to that.”  Lord Roman exits the room, leaving Lordess Raven searching for redemption.

In the main hallway, two guards lead yet another large, glass case.  They move quickly to dodge spectators in the crowded hall.  Inside the case is a man.  He stands six feet, four inches tall-- the epitome of tall, dark and handsome.  His chiseled physique is revealed as bulging shapes in his robe. His uncovered arms show off his well-toned muscles. His gold streak is a wide, bold swath on top of his perfectly formed head, and his bone structure reflects the idolized perfection of a model. He’s simply beautiful.  The only aspect marring his appearance is the glowing device around his neck.  His bright, hazel eyes dart occasional, unconcerned glances at the spectators in the corridor, who aggressively bang against his glass case.  “Drifter!” A man screams out, but the man doesn’t flinch. He stares ahead, undisturbed.  A second glass case carrying Varah proceeds from the opposite end of the corridor. A look of boredom pacifies her usually demonstrative face. Spectators also bang up against her case, and guards usher them away with their staffs. The two glass cases move towards one another.  Unified chants of “Drifter!” and “Pop-in!” echo throughout the corridor.  The guards force people out of the way to make room for the passing cases.  They are within inches of each other now.  A young woman wearing glasses and a very revealing dress winks at the man in the case, but he’s focused, staring straight ahead.  He doesn’t know she exists.  
Varah’s case comes closer, and soon the man and Varah meet eyes.  Her heart thumps. She’s caught off-guard by a sudden wave of desire as her eyes take in his masculinity.  Her gaze lingers on his full lips, and she examines her pulse.  She notices his gold streak, and she whispers, “He’s still Volonian; how interesting.” The man can’t take his eyes off her, either.  
His gaze moves up and down her body.  Time seems to stop for their moment. The glass cases are the only thing separating destiny and reality.  He stares ahead then shouts through the glass, “Guard, who is that woman?”  The two cases pass each other-- a golden opportunity-- lost. “Guard!” The guard continues on his route, ignoring the condemned man.  
A large corridor opens, leading into the judgment hall. The glass case, suspended off the ground, floats into the small stadium to an eruption of jeers. Spectators wave their fists angrily at the stunning man. He ignores them. The Lords sit patiently for the glass case to come to a halt. Lordess Raven motions with her hand for the guards to exit.  “Case V.V.X, Citizen Melconian Copel has violated Volonia’s Class Law.”  	
The man in the case raises his head. He stares into Lordess Raven’s eyes and says, “Please, Lordess, Call me Mel.” 
“Whatever you wish,” says Lordess Raven “Do you understand the charges against you?” 
The man sits in silence, his countenance cold and his attitude bitter. “Get on with it!” Lordess Raven shifts in her seat, his stunningly good looks catching her off guard. 
This prompts Lord Roman to intervene. He shuffles through his notes. “Why were you posing as a Class Six?”  
The man grins sinisterly and continues his examination of the glass floor. “Why is that important, Lord?  You have a job to do, right?” 
Unimpressed, Lord Roman reconstructs his question. “I demand you tell us who you are and why you posed as a Class Six.”  
The man places his strong, sure hands against the glass. He chuckles at the question.  “I am sure you have the capabilities to figure these things out yourselves.” 
Lord Vondell lifts his hands and magically a hologram of the incarcerated man floats in mid-air.  “Sorry, but you have given us no choice.” Beside the image, the man’s entire statistical history is displayed.  “42 cycles old, 1 ex-veil, out of sector three, no prior breaches.  Class Five. No immediate home city.  He has viable Lord references.” 
Lordess Raven leans over to Lord Roman. “His record is clean.” 
“I understand, but why would a Class Five risk everything?” Lord Roman replies.
“Under the circumstances, Melconian Copel, we must strictly follow protocol.   Your record reads like that of an orderly Volonian, but under Volonian law, you’ve breached and failed to comply.” The man waves his index finger, ushering the Lords along.  
“This act must not go unpunished,” says Lord Roman. The man takes a deep breath and rakes both hands through his hair in frustration. 
“Can we end this misery already?” he says.
Lord Vondell eagerly stands to vote. “Stealth!” 
Lordess Raven reluctantly stands as well.  “Stealth.” 
The remaining Lords stand and agree with their votes of “Stealth!”  
The man chuckles sarcastically as he stands and bows to the Lords, his attitude unremorseful.  “Job well done, Lords.” The audience hisses and cheers in agreement with the Lords’ decision.  Debris is thrown at the glass case. The guards lift their staffs and the large corridor re-opens.  The glass case exits to the excited shouts of the spectators. 
Lordess Raven whispers to Lord Roman, “I find it hard to believe that a Class Five would give up everything so readily.” 
Lord Roman stares after the glass case as it exits the judging chambers. “That’s what’s so frightening.” 	
The guards use their magical staffs to force the glass case into a small room.  A single lantern gives dim light to the space.  The man stands alone, glancing around the empty room; his fate is sealed. His glass case slowly vibrates as beams of light illuminate it from the ceiling. The man braces himself as the light seeps into his body, causing him to shiver uncontrollably. His gold streak slowly fades away until it has completely disappeared.  He is reduced to Stealth status.  He is restricted to three spells a day and cannot shift classes until he is reinstated.  
Mel walks to the edge of the glass case, hoping to get a glimpse of life thru the squared hole in the door, but it’s too far away. He turns around and suddenly the sexy woman from earlier in the corridor appears before him.  She winks at him.
“What do you want?” growls the man. 
“If you’ve forgotten, then maybe you’re not the man for the job.  Let’s not forget what’s at stake.” The woman morphs into Olivia, draped in a dark robe.  It fits her body perfectly.  Her gold streak hangs seductively over one eye. “So, do we have a deal?” 
“I gave up a lot for this. Stealth?” 
“Stop your complaining. You have three spells a day working in your favor. You’ll be greatly rewarded.  One million Volos, as you well know.” Olivia’s cocky tone sends Mel into a rage.  
His large hands grip her shoulders. “Do we have a deal Olivia?” 
“Of course. Would I lie?” Olivia snaps a finger and disappears only to reappear outside the glass case. “Besides, there is someone I want you to meet.” Mel curiously walks up to the glass, standing face to face with evil.  His hands are pressed up against the glass, displaying their massive strength.  “Mel you may not realize this, but the greatest battle Volonia has ever seen will be forged soon, and you’re going to have a front row seat, so I suggest you pick a side.” Olivia smiles. Her plans have been set into motion.  With the blink of an eye she magically brings Mel to the outside of the glass next to her.  “Whose side are you on?” Olivia seductively holds her hand out in front of Mel, dangling in expectation of agreement. “What do you say?”   
Mel contemplates his decision; He reluctantly places his hand in hers, and they shake.  He’s made a deal with evil, unaware of what’s really at stake.  Olivia hovers, exultant. She has one big secret Mel can’t afford to let out, and she holds it firmly for ransom. 







Chapter Seven
The Evil Menace
A tall man waits cautiously at a TPS station.  A purple robe is draped over his head.  His feet are bare, and his pale face is covered in tattoos.  A massive building shields him from the harsh Volonian sun.  A sign in front of him reads LOWER VOLONIA.  He places his wrist to the metal box and the portal opens.  He enters.  When he exits from the other side, he removes his robe from his head.  The man, called Molar, looks out at a dark, unsavory, underground city.  The contrast between the two Volonian cities is literally night and day.  The artificial sky is a dark blue color, and its gloom gives an apprehensive feel to the place.  Small caves take the forms of houses; dingy lanterns line the streets, allowing only a bit of light to abate the gloom.  Drifters aimlessly pass by, preying on freshly exiled witches or warlocks.  Mostly Drifters, Stealths and Pop-ins reside down here. The only hope they have to hold on to is being reinstated within one Volonian cycle.  The recently exiled band of Volonians has caused some havoc in Upper Volonia.  They demand equality and fairness despite the unanimous opinion by all in Upper Volonia that they are clearly of a lower status.  Their demotion came as a result of law breaking and ritual rejections—laws and rituals put forth by the Ancient Guardians to be ruled judiciously by the House of Lords.  
Molar continues on his journey, glancing over his shoulder from time to time.  He walks to the end of the brick street.  His eyes are locked on the ground and focused on his destination.  Sensing a large cave straight ahead propels Molar to a quicker pace.  A few warlocks have gathered outside the entrance. They are devising a plan to be reinstated into Upper Volonia.  Molar approaches the group. “Do you actually think they want you back there?” 
“It doesn’t matter; it’s what I want,” one of the men proclaims. 
Molar examines the man from head to toe, his expression unforgiving. “You’re no more a Volonian than I am.” 
The man steps aggressively toward Molar, undaunted by his considerably larger stature. “I have nothing to prove to anyone. I belong up there.” 
“Yeah, sure you do. You just keep on telling yourself that.” 
Molar turns and walks away. “You have much to prove.  What are you, a Pop-in at best?”  
The shorter man angrily lifts his arm, his eyes aglow. “VAMOY YO VIC.”  A barrage of energy shoots from his hands and rushes toward Molar.  Unfazed, Molar continues his stride.  He feels the energy coming and lifts his head, his eyes now glowing too. He repels the energy, magically forcing it back toward its instigator.  The sheer power forces the man into a backwards flip; several bricks tear loose from the ground as his body creates a violent impact with the surface. Dazed and nearly naked, the small man lies unmoving on the street.  	
“He’s a Stealth,” says an onlooker. 
Molar enters the cave.  Puddles of water cover the walkway. The outside light barely reaches into the darkness, making it harder to see the farther he goes. Moreover, the walkway narrows, and he finds it necessary to skim the walls with his hand for guidance. His legs feel suddenly heavy as the path inclines, indicating his journey’s approaching end.  A ray of light beams across the cave directly ahead.  A dark figure glides in his direction but never looks up. As it approaches, a collision seems inevitable, as neither person is yielding for the other. Suddenly, the figure disappears and reappears behind Molar. “Pop-ins, what a joke,” Molar says to himself.  
He makes it to the end of the cave where the narrow walkway opens into a large, dimly lit cove.   The mood is somber in this crowded gathering of warlocks and witches.  Their backs are turned to Molar, and their eyes are focused ahead.  He tries standing on his tiptoes to get a glimpse of what holds their attention.  A deep, ominous voice echoes through the hall, its tone and volume heightening with every word.  Molar forces his way through the crowd, most of the patrons resisting his forcefulness by glowering and pushing back.  Still, he shoves forward, noticing the transfixed expressions of the others. They are soaking up every sentence, every word. Molar finally stands one row from the front of the crowd.  His foot takes its final step forward. He lifts his head, finally in a position to see what holds everyone else mesmerized.  He repositions himself between the pressing bodies. Standing before him is a tall man wrapped in a red robe, elevated to an even greater height on a pedestal. He towers over all the onlookers.  A hood covers his head, and in this dim place, his pale skin seems to have a glow of its own. Green veins cover half his face; the rest of it seems scaly.  He waves his long fingers for emphasis as he speaks, and Molar can see they are covered by tattoos. His body is taut and sinewy.  His piercing gray eyes stare out over the reverent crowd.  His presence is absolutely commanding.
Zion, a scrawny, younger warlock stands nearby. His hair hangs down his face, which is covered in black spots.  He glances over at Molar. “You know who that is?” 
Molar stares straight ahead. “That’s why I’m here. To find out.”
“His name is Menace. He’s the most powerful warlock in Lower Volonia.” 
“He doesn’t look so powerful to me.”  
“Legend has it he was up for Lordship several cycles ago.” 
“And?” 
“And the people didn’t approve.  He’s Class Eight.” 
“Class Eight? Well why would he be slumming it down here with the likes of you?” Zion takes offense to his statement, but Molar turns away, unconcerned. He shifts his attention toward the speaker.  
Menace’s powerful voice climbs to a fevered pitch as he steps from the pedestal.  His sadistic glare drives a few patrons back. “I am here to give you something they’ll never give you: a choice!” Menace’s tone suddenly adjusts to the gravity of the message. He paces, his eyes on the floor.  He pushes his hands into the folds of his robe. “True judgment is on the brink.  Each one of you has a duty-- a duty to the exiled Volonian! We must take back what’s ours.” The crowd cheers in agreement, and several fists shoot toward the sky. “We must forge a battle that will give all Volonians the freedom they seek, and the only way to do that is to bring down the House of Lords!” The crowd cheers in elation, the noise is deafening.  Menace puts his hand up, briefly calming the commotion. “One question remains.” He steps closer to the crowd, his eyes piercing their souls.  His raspy voice lifts with conviction.  “Are you with me?” The crowd erupts into a frenzied chaos of anger and hope and pure adrenaline.
A few spectators make their voices heard over the commotion. “We will kill for you!”  “Lower Volonia forever!” “Take back our powers!”
Menace’s job is done. With a sinister grin, he stares into the crowd.  A woman’s voice carries over the crowd from the rear of the room. It is aggressive yet flirtatious. 
“And if we don’t side with you?” Gradually, a confused hush falls over the rowdy patrons. A woman strolls forward from the rear of the space.  The crowd slowly parts as she struts towards the pedestal, creating a clearing in which all can view her.  Their eyes are fixed; their mouths drop.  It is Olivia.  She wears a snug, white robe that falls open to reveal a sexy, purple corset.  It’s tight, forcing her full bosom to swell at the top.  She knows she has the crowd’s rapt attention.  Mel, bonded to Olivia since their meeting at the Judging Chambers, follows closely behind her.  His expression is intimidating, and his stance is strong and on-guard.  Olivia reaches the front of the room and stands face-to-face with Menace.  She gloats as she looks out into the silent crowd.  “Are we too late for the party, Joriyah?” She smiles wickedly, but his grimace reveals pure hate. “Or shall I say, Menace?” 
“What do you want?” he snarls.
“I just want to talk.  Nothing more. Just a friendly conversation between two old friends.” Mel keeps a close watch around the room. Olivia leans in to caress Menace’s robe. “Nice…” 
“I see Roman finally let the cat out to play.”  
Olivia, seemingly bothered, turns to the crowd, distain in her eyes.  “Get out!” The crowd slowly backs away.  “We need to talk. Now.”  Menace reluctantly lifts his hand and makes a slight pushing motion toward the back.  The crowd exits the space.  Olivia and Menace face off in the center of the room.  “How long are you going to hold these pep rallies, Menace?” 
“The day awaits, Olivia, when I will rule.”  
“And when is that day coming?” 
“It is upon us.  I owe you no explanation.”  
Olivia glances over to Mel.  “This is Mel. He’s a Stealth… for now.  We come with a proposition.” 
“And what might that be?” Menace’s stare is intense, 
“The power of Volonia.” Olivia seductively circles Menace, her tone soft and seductive.  
“What are you talking about?” 
“I’m talking about the Vondercrat.” Mel looks on with concern. 
“Are you crazy?” Menace says, taken aback. “You’ll never get to it.  It takes five Lords to retrieve it.” 
“What if I told you one witch, a Class Six, retrieved the Vondercrat with a single spell.” 
Menace uneasily paces the floor. “I’m listening.”  
“Her name is Varah Cutter. She’s the ex-veil of Lord Roman.” 
Menace looks up, surprised. “Lord Roman Cutter?”  He glances at Mel, then back to Olivia.  “You don’t want the blood at your own doorstep, I take it.” Mel listens in intently. Olivia lifts her hand and magically a hologram of Varah floats a few feet away.  	
“You catch on quickly, Menace. They are holding her for sentencing as we speak.”  
Mel stares at the hologram, and his demeanor shifts. He remembers the woman in the other glass case. “She conjured the Vondercrat?” 
Olivia turns toward him.  “Yes, do you know her?” 
“No, just that she passed me in the Judgment Corridor, that’s all.” 
Olivia steps up to face Mel, her eyes searching his for the truth.  “Good.” 
“How did she do it?” Menace asks. 
“She won’t tell me.”
“But she’s a Class Six!” 
“Exactly! There is something she isn’t telling me, and we need to get close enough to find it.” 
Menace’s tone takes on a chill as he steps away, “You’re a Class Eight as well.  Why do you need me?”  
“I never said I needed you, Menace. You need me.  I scratch your back; you scratch mine. Opening a portal into Upper Volonia could slow things down.  The House of Lords would trace the portal back to me.  So let’s just say your rap sheet is perfect for the job.” 
Menace steps away, staring straight through Olivia, his thoughts focused on one thing:  “My share?” 
“Once I get my hands on the Vondercrat, you’ll have full reign to carry your minions into battle in Upper Volonia.  How does one tenth of the spells in the Vondercrat sound?” Menace leans in, unconvinced.  
“Fifty-fifty.” 
Olivia’s stars intensifies, her shoulders thrust forward.  Her stance is unyielding.  “Thirty-seventy.” Mel feels the power struggle.  He cautiously takes a step away.   
Menace finally concedes, and his tone gets lighter, but a sinister grin curls on his face. “Deal.”  
Mel stands nearby. “And what about our deal Olivia?” Olivia turns toward Mel and then continues to look right past him. She strolls toward the exit, seductive and confident. Menace and Mel share an intense, parallel stare.  Then, Menace lifts both arms and black smoke flows out from the bottom of his robe.  It rises to cover his entire body. His sinister grin disappears in the smoke.  Mel is left alone in the cove.

Shenzara and Broc sit on the floor in a glass case, each occupying opposite sides of the room.  Their faces are tense with worry.  Broc yells out, his voice carrying across to the other side “What are you doing?” 
Not amused, Shenzara lifts her head.  Her tone is condescending as she replies, “The same thing you’re doing, breathing!” 
“No, silly. I mean, what are you thinking?” 
Shenzara plays with her bracelet, never looking up. “Nothing!” 
“You have to be thinking something. We can’t just sit here and not think.  It’s impossible.” Broc playfully swings his legs, staring at his sister with his eyes wide open.  “I was thinking what it would be like at the Isle of Waterfalls right now.” 
Shenzara rolls her eyes, feeling her patience wearing thin. “Broc, can you please just leave me alone?” 
Broc stands up, offended. “Sure I’ll just leave… NOT! Zara we are in this together. You can’t ignore your way out. I believe either Mom or Father will get us out of here.” Shenzara stares at the floor, trying to block Broc out.  Dejected, Broc sits down again with a look of sadness sliding down his face.  “All we have is each other, Zara, we’ve got to make the best of it.”  Broc buries his face in his hands, shaken.  Shenzara shifts herself on the floor and reluctantly looks over at her brother.  A flood of emotions comes over her.  She drags herself over to the other side of the case and sits next to him.  
“You okay?” Broc ignores her. “Broc!”  
“What do you want?”  
Shenzara fidgets with her hands as she tries to find the right words.  She pushes her dangling, gold streak behind her ear.  “I’m sorry.  It’s just that changing classes is a big thing, and all my friends will have shifted and I’m stuck as a Class Two.” 
“Zara, how do you think I feel?” 
“I know. Of course you feel the same. I honestly didn’t see it that way.” 
“You never do.” “I said I was sorry. Don’t rub it in.” Shenzara leans in and straightens Broc’s robe. “I’ve been wanting to do that for the past hour.  It’s perfect now.” 
Broc rolls his eyes, and moves to disorganize his robe yet again. 
“Let’s ask for Roman,” Shenzara says, suddenly hopeful. 
“Yeah, good luck with that.” 
Shenzara leaps up, a new idea giving her a surge of excitement. “Viscera!” 
“Duh, why didn’t we think of him before?” 
Shenzara yells out, clenching her hands together. “Viscera? Viscera!” 
A beam of light appears and comes to rest in the center of the glass case.  The light quickly dissolves into a lively Viscera.  Broc dashes over to Viscera and hugs him. “Calm down, Broc.  Don’t squeeze so tight,” says Viscera. 
Unable to waste time with pleasantries, Shenzara asks, “Where did they take Mom?” 
“I have no idea, but I can’t be here long.  They can trace me now.” 
Shenzara yanks on Viscera’s white garment. “Help get us out of here.  We have to find Mom.” 
“Are you crazy? Viscera blinks rapidly. “Security is amped.” 
Broc pleads with Viscera, his face drooping with pity. This visual appeal hits a soft spot in Viscera’s heart.  
“All right, but if I go down, we all go down.”  
“Outside these doors are a spiral staircase leading up to a small tower with a window.”  
Broc leans in, “How do you know all this?” 
“I’m a Guide, Broc. I just do.” 
Shenzara puts an index finger to her mouth. “Shhh. Go on, Viscera.”  
“I’ll lead you to the door as you go through. Once you make it to the tower, find Lord Roman.  He’ll help you.” 
“Okay, got it” says Shenzara.  
Broc psyches himself up, jumping up and down as if ready for a big game. “Let’s do this!”  
“Are you both ready?” After an assuring nod from each kid, Viscera cautiously peeks outside the door. He sees two guards.  He glances at Shenzara and Broc, confirming that they’re ready.  Broc gives him a thumb’s up.   Viscera pushes both of his hands through the door, grabbing each of the guards’ hands and pulling them inward.  The guards magically come through the wall, falling to the floor of the glass room. Viscera then grabs Shenzara and Broc’s hands and magically pulls them out through the door.  One of the guards lunges for Broc’s leg as he attempts to escape.  
“He has my leg! Help!” His sister and Viscera tug, triumphantly pulling Broc through the door.  The force of the pull throws them on top of each other, and they fall into a pile on the floor.  “Wow that was fun.  Let’s do it again!” laughs Broc. 
Viscera whispers, “Knock it off.”  He cautiously glances both ways down the corridor and then points. “The staircase is that way. It leads to the tower.” 
Broc grabs Viscera’s hand, his face frozen with worry. “You’re not coming with us?” 
“I can’t. Go!” 
Shenzara grabs Broc’s hand she turns to lead her brother in their frantic escape down the hall.  Broc glances back to see Viscera waving them forward.  Realizing the twins are now completely on their own brings a sense of sadness to his eyes.  Slowly he disappears.

Olivia, Menace and Mel stand in the middle of a dark and dingy street in Lower Volonia. Several members of Menace’s brood surround them.  Olivia motions to Mel, grabbing his collar and forcing him closer to her.  “We’ve got one shot at this.”  
She nods to Menace, and he lifts both arms as he chants, “VCO LAYA VY VO.”  Heavy winds tear through the streets.  Dust lifts from the pavement. Olivia glances around at the eager faces of the men.  Her smirk is sadistic yet determined.  A large portal opens in the center of the street, and blinding beams of light jet everywhere. Menace leads the brood into the portal.  
On the other side, the portal opens in front of the House of Lords’ castle.  One by one they exit.  
Moments later, a ball of fire races through the sky and quickly comes to rest on a nearby mountain that overlooks the House of Lords. The ball of fire morphs into Olivia and Mel.  Olivia stares out at the House of Lords.  She turns to Mel and caresses his face. “Adorable.”  
He forces her hand away and says, “Get on with it, lady.”  
She’s overcome with sadistic laugher.  Gradually recapturing her focus, she lifts her head to the sky.  “VCO VY SYEE.” Olivia forces Mel’s hand open.  A ball of energy escapes her hand and glides into his. “This will guide you to her, provide you a couple of extra spells, and give them a boost in power.  It also opens a portal once you secure her.”   Mel turns away in defiance. 
“What if I don’t?” Olivia turns to overlook the House of Lords. “Have you forgotten the secret you’re holding?  I’ll expose you to the Lords.” Mel contemplates.  He glances out at the House of Lords’ kingdom, noticeably troubled.  He inhales sharply before clutching the ball of energy and disappearing.  

Menace and his brood stand in front of the large, metal gate that surrounds the House of Lords.  Menace opens his arms wide and then forces them closed.  A vibration of light shoots from his arms and into the castle.  The war is waged. Members of the battalion move toward the brick wall.  Their leader looks on as his brood clambers onto the castle.  They attempt to disappear and reappear into the castle, but a force field restricts their attempts.
Mel magically appears in one of the highest towers. He sneaks down a corridor, tightly griping the ball of energy in his hand. He spies on a few guards patrolling the corridor, so he cautiously ducks into a nearby doorway. Then, held in front of him, the ball of energy guides the Stealth, glowing brighter with each step he takes. Mel reaches the center of the corridor and sees that it leads in four directions.  He holds the ball of energy toward each direction in turn. The ball glows brighter as he points it to the east, so he dashes down that hall. Up ahead are a pair of guards who notice him and spring into position for battle.  They point their staffs at him. “Halt, Stealth!” 
Mel whispers to himself, “Now what?”  Lifting the ball, he says, “Here goes nothing.” A ray of light bolts out from the ball, but its power is too strong, propelling Mel backward into a wall.  But the light finds its mark, and the rays of power crash into the chests of the guards, blasting them into the wall behind them, leaving them unconscious.  Upon the force of their impact, the wall comes crashing to the floor, toppling onto the motionless forms of the guards. “They’re done for,” Mel reassures himself.   He manages to get to his knees and crawl over to the now-still ball of energy. “Whoa,” Mel breathes as he realizes the magnitude of its power.  He brushes himself off and struggles to his feet.  Cautiously he crawls toward the fallen guards and peeks behind them into the hole in the wall.  Shattered glass is strewn all over the floor.  Varah is balled up in a corner, her arms doing their best to cover her head and protect it from the blast.  Cautiously, she rises, attempting to see the identity of her savior through the cloud of dust. Mel steps inside, his muscular frame towering over her. “What do you want?”  
“Calm down, lady, we’re taking a stroll.”  Mel hears the sound of footsteps in the distance. “We don’t have much time. You’re coming with me.” He grabs Varah, but she pushes him away. 
“Where’s your streak?” Mel lifts the ball of energy, its glow obscuring her face. “Lady, we can make this hard, or we can make this really hard.  It’s up to you.”  
Varah collects herself. She lifts her train and reluctantly walks with Mel through the crumbled wall.  Her eyes dart left and right as she attempts to devise a plan of escape. “Remove this neck device, please.” 
“Do you think I’m stupid, lady? Let’s go!”  Mel drags Varah down the corridor until she reluctantly starts to run on her own two feet. They race down the open hall with guards immediately giving chase after them, prompting Mel to turn down a second corridor.  He lifts the ball, and the energy beam once again shoots out, creating what looks like a tsunami, the impact destroying everything in its path.  Varah looks on, unimpressed. 
“That’s not your magic. What are you, a Drifter? Stealth?”  
Mel ignores her and forces her forward. “Quiet!”   He shoves Varah up a stairwell.  They climb until they reach a door at the top of the tower.  Mel peeks inside the door; no one’s there. He forces Varah inside before placing the ball of energy on the floor.  
Varah leans against a nearby wall, nervous.  “What now?” 
“I turn you over to her, and I’m a free man.”  
Sounds of battle can be heard below from a nearby window. Varah peeks out “Menace! You’re with him?” 
“No, I’m with her.” 
Smoke seeps from out of the ball of energy as it morphs into a portal.  A hologram of Olivia appears inside the portal. “Well, well, well. If it isn’t Varah.” 
Varah backs away. “You can’t trust her!” 
Olivia speaks directly to Mel. “We have unfinished business. Bring her to me.” Mel grabs Varah and cautiously walks toward the portal.  Varah’s frightened face searches for an escape.  Her hands clutch Mel’s strong arms.  Mel pauses. 
“Wait,” he says.  “How do I know our deal stands?” 
Olivia’s voice deepens, and her eyes glow a bright red.  “Bring her to me!” 
Varah pleads, “Don’t trust her!  Please!” 
Olivia lunges through the portal.  Her hand wraps tightly around Varah’s neck, her freakishly long nails digging into Varah’s throat; then, she violently throws her to the back of the room.  Varah crashes into a brick wall, blood flowing from her mouth. She is hurt. She hangs her head, cradling her midsection.  
Olivia’s rant intensifies. “Bring her to me now!” 
Mel is unsure, so he assists Varah to her feet.  His mind is racing, confused by how this scenario is playing out.  Varah can barely hold on, her strength is withering away.  Mel lunges for the ball of energy.  He grabs it and smothers it with his bare hands, forcing the portal closed.  
Varah groans in pain.  She reaches a weary arm up to him. “Thank you.”  
Mel turns away, realizing he may have made a big mistake. “I didn’t do it for you.”   He strides over to the window and sees an assembly of guards.  They are forcing Menace and his troops back from the Castle.  
Menace stands in the center of his army, his scepter held aloft.  The House guards are too powerful for this brood. “This is only the beginning!”  Menace cackles.
Lord Roman stands prominently on a balcony inside the castle, taking in the commotion.  Menace smiles wickedly, his eyes locking with Lord Roman’s.  Neither man looks away; hate overtakes them both. Without breaking the lock of their eyes, Menace spits in Lord Roman’s direction. “VCO VY LO VOLONIA.” A portal opens and Menace and his men quickly retreat.  Mel looks away with regret-- his shoulders slumped. He shakes his head.  
Varah massages her neck.  “I’m Varah, by the way.” 
“They’ll be after us.” 
Varah creeps gingerly over to Mel. “How did you get caught up with Olivia?” 	
“Long story.” Mel moves away from the woman and paces the small room. His mind is wondering, “What is it that she wants?” 
He looks Varah firmly in the eye. “You.”
Suddenly they hear a loud bang at the door followed by shouts.  “Turn yourselves over!”  
Mel panics. “We have to go!” 
Varah runs over to the window.  “Where? No! I have to find my kids!” 
“No time, lady.”  The doors crash down.  Mel lifts the ball of light. “VY VCO ALA VCO.” A portal opens. Mel grips Varah by the arm, forcing her inside.  A few guards rush into the room, pointing their staffs at the portal, but it dissolves into thin air. Lord Roman forces himself into the empty room, his eyes darting around, unable to see the one thing he’d hoped to find.  He heaves a heavy sigh; all hopes of securing Varah have failed.  A new battle has begun for the House of Lords, and it is one that he is all too familiar with.  An old foe has resurfaced, and this time his intentions could lead to the end of Volonia as we know it.
Chapter Eight

The Capture
Mel and Varah step out of the portal and into darkness. The stillness is frightening at first, but then it feels comparatively peaceful after their last encounter. Unfamiliar with the surroundings, Varah turns to Mel, “Where are we?” 
Mel grabs both of her hands and begins to wrap what seems like twine around them. Varah tries to back away, but, without her powers, she is no match against his strength. “What are you doing? Stop! That hurts!”  
Mel stares at her. “I’m all done.” Varah looks down at her hands, eyeing the complicated knot. “Not even a Class Six witch with all her powers can get out of that.”  
A frustrated Varah asks again, “Where are we?” 
“We’re in The Hidden Forrest.”  Mel grabs the rope and yanks it forcefully. Varah is forced to follow him. 
“You don’t have to be so rough. It hurts!” 
Without looking back, Mel says, “If you keep up with my stride, I won’t have to pull so hard. We don’t have much time. Hurry.” 
Varah tries hard to keep up, but she stumbles over a tree root. “Where are we going? Where are you taking me? What about my kids?” Varah yells all of this insistently, but getting no response, she stops and yanks back on the rope with all her strength.  
Surprised at the intensity in her force, Mel stops. He turns back to look her in the eye. “Look, I understand your frustration, but I trusted you. Now you have to trust me! If we are going to get away and escape from this Olivia, you must trust me!  I’m taking you to a safe haven.” 
Varah gazes into his eyes, searching for a lie, some hint of deception. Unable to find any, she hesitantly replies, “All right.” 
“Good.  Let’s move.” 
As Varah begins to look around, she notices the thick layer of fog that shrouds even this Lower Volonia darkness.  The heaviness of the thick trees compounds the effect. She feels completely bare in a strange land without the use of her powers. She looks to her left as something rustles in the bushes. She gasps. 
“What?” 
“Nothing,” she responds, not wanting to seem weak. She refrains from telling Mel what she saw, but her eyes shift nervously along the bushes. “Can we get a bit of light? It would make this journey a little easier.” 	
Mel says, “VANDUCIO VALLUR,” and a flash of light spreads out along the ground. Their path is illuminated, the light consistently stretching five feet ahead of their next step. 
“Thanks.” 
Unsure of her sincerity, Mel replies, “You’re welcome.” 
Varah moves up closer to Mel and asks, “Can you give me some idea as to where our final destination is?” 
The barrage of questions bothers Mel, but upon realizing that they’re not going to stop, he replies, “The Invisible Fortress.” 
Varah repeats, “The Invisible Fortress?” She chuckles. “That’s old Volonian folklore. Impossible, it doesn’t exist!” 
Insulted, Mel turns to Varah. “Is it as impossible as a Class Six witch conjuring the Vondercrat?” Varah struggles for words.  “Exactly.” 
“Go ahead.”  
“The Invisible Fortress is a place where members of the Vamede, an army of selected Volonians, practice magic spells and prepare to protect Volonia in case we’re ever attacked. We are hand selected by the Lords and approved by the Guardians.”  
“You were a part of the Vamede?” 
“I am a part of the Vamede. Once a member of the Vamede, always a member of the Vamede.  In order to keep everything safe and hidden, the Lords propositioned the Guardians to send us to Lower Volonia. Those Volonians had limited powers, so no one, even if they desired, could come up against us. The Guardians placed a spell on the fortress, making it invisible.” 
“I’ve heard about the Vamede; my father served. He used to leave a few times a cycle when I was a little girl. My nana said he was going to bring us back gifts, but the older I became I realized he must have been part of the Vamede. I didn’t know the fortress was invisible; I thought that was just folklore.”  
“You were not supposed to know. The Guardians have severe penalties to anyone who leaks that information.” 
“So why are you telling me this?”
 “I have a past that has haunted me for cycles.  I have nothing to lose.” 
Varah and Mel continue making their way through the forest. “Enough about me; what about you?
“What do you want to know?” 
“Well, first and foremost I’d like to know how a Class Six witch conjured the Vondercrat.”  
 “I don’t know. I just repeated a spell that I remember my father saying, and it just came!”  There is a long silence. “I’m sorry if my tone seems inappropriate; I just miss my kids, and I have been hearing talks of my being exiled.” 
“What are their names?” 
“Broc and Shenzara,” replies Varah. 
“Those are unique names, different.” 
“Well, as you know, no two Volonians can have the same first name, so after millions of names being chosen, you get kind of creative.”  
“I know a thing or two about the Lords, and while I can’t tell you if they will exile you or not, I find it hard to believe that they would separate a mother from her kids.” 
Varah breathes a sigh of relief. “Thanks, I needed to hear that. Do you know of any exiled Volonians?” she asks. 
“It’s rare, but I do know a couple of exiled Volonians.” Still unsatisfied with Varah’s answer about the Vondercrat, Mel attempts to probe a bit more. “So are you going to tell me how you really conjured the Vondercrat, or do you expect me to believe that the Guardians would make it that easy for a Class Six to get a hold of it?”  
Varah becomes enraged. “I’m telling the truth! If I knew that I really would have been able to do it, and that it would have led to this, I would never have repeated that spell!”  Suddenly her hair starts to rise, wind begins to blow, and her eyes turn from hazel to a glowing red as she rises from the ground.  Frightened, Mel backs away. 
“Calm down!” he yells. Then, her Vicklor shocks her with an electric pulse, and she falls. 
Mel catches Varah in his arms. “Varah! Varah, wake up!” Her eyes slowly open. Mel’s eyes sink into Varah’s. He is mesmerized by her beauty. He notices her deep, brown complexion, her long dark mane and prominent golden streak. He holds her until she has fully awakened. Weakened from the electric charge, Varah looks into Mel’s deep and troubled eyes; she is also completely entranced. She is amazed by his strength and masculinity. Enjoying the moment, she lingers in his arms, watching his beautiful veins rippling through his tight skin and along his muscular body. After a moment too long, Varah catches herself, not wanting to seem overly interested, and pulls away. Mel helps her up. There is a silence between them-- an understanding.
Mel grabs the rope, pulls her forward, and cuts the portion of the rope that binds her hands. “Follow me; we’re almost there.” Surprised by the gesture, Varah nods and begins walking at a slightly faster pace. They move together toward the invisible fortress.  
As Varah and Mel near their destination, Mel notices a four-legged creature running in the distance alongside of them. It’s moving at twice their speed. He extends his hand toward Varah; she grabs it, and they begin to run. Varah looks to her left and sees three creatures moving at a ridiculously fast speed. She whispers to Mel, “We’re being chased by Mali!” 
“I know, hurry!” They run faster, their hearts beating hard in their chests. The faster they run, the more the Mali duplicate in number and in speed.
“We can’t outrun them!” Varah shouts. “They duplicate based on how much fear they sense from their prey. Do you have any spells left?” she asks, panting, nearly out of breath.
“Just one,” says Mel. 
“Remove my Vicklor!” 
“What?” asks Mel, hardly able to breathe. “Do you think I’m insane?” 
“Remove my Vicklor! Your last spell can’t handle all the Mali, but my powers can!”  Realizing he has no other choice if he wants to escape, Mel looks around. The Mali are closing in on them. Their vicious yellow teeth drip at the sight of a delicious meal. They close in, snapping their powerful jaws at the pair. Their sleek white fur and purple eyes zero in, ready to charge. “Do it!” yells Varah.  
“VENVENTI VEREAR!” Mel shouts, regretting the words as they pass his lips.  Her neck device drops to the ground. The Mali close in, now only inches away from Mel’s face. Their breath is hot.
Varah rubs her neck and immediately chants, “VANDISCO BARRE VAONDULVO VON!” The ground shakes. Mel and Varah rise off the ground, but not before one of the Mali lunges, sinking its jaws into Mel’s leg. 
“My leg! Ahhhh!” screams Mel. Varah’s eyes turn from hazel to glowing red. Her hair rises on her head. Mel screams again, “Ahhhh!” The pain is piercing. He doesn’t know what’s happening. His skin turns from its golden brown to a dull, dark grey.  He holds his leg trying to keep the blood from seeping out as he rises from the ground. The wind blows fiercely and the Mali jumps in the air, snapping their fangs. Some are on the ground fighting over the chunk of flesh ripped from Mel’s leg. 
Varah shouts, “VENYATI VALLOW!” and the ground beneath them swallows up the Mali. The predators vanish one by one, howling as they disappear beneath Lower Volonia. “VENYATI VOWN,” Varah chants.  The two descend back to the ground. Varah lands gracefully while Mel lands with a thump. The wind ceases, and the ground stops shaking. Varah, her eyes still flickering red, turns to Mel. His leg is bleeding and his skin is slowly draining of its color. Varah quickly floats toward him and wraps her hands around his neck.  “VENYATI VAYEAL,” she whispers. 	
A sharp pain penetrates Mel’s neck. He lets out a piercing scream. He looks at Varah and moans, “I trusted you,” his last words before he falls to the ground, completely lifeless.


 If you have enjoyed the Volonians: Part 1 
 Click below to enjoy Part 2
 Volonians: Mysteries of the Vondercrat Part 2


