
Warriors of the Purple Sun
Compendium
By
David Barentine

Published by David Barentine
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 David Barentine
Discover other titles by David Barentine at Smashwords.com 

Please visit http://www.wotps.com for cast, creature and location biographies, details and designs


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents
Prefatory Note
Ranks and Titles Quick Reference
Characters
Asiér’rïan
Gimlonarn
Héro’daetïus
Jytor Lagnothor Calzarim
Delpharïis
Ariana
Rostheromi
Vrelm Gantradi Tydallyn
Héros Machinus
Mofin Host’pilé
Vrelm Voram Tydallyn
Tither’rïan Amazons
Andryren Veslis
Ayerrlor Eyopor
Ayndelgal Salkasas
Cesal Viremblal
Eagen Yoburn
Ei’elm Validaly
Elaisegen Ulafinal
Farjels Linburnfel
Fas Gravoram
Fora’tine Xi’indirs
Fymal Wentalonm
Henen Gurseifnfel
Hyta Mars’risim
Jal Lick’elorm
Jenkel Vrmogumis
Jeskellm Soramdisuin
Kimam Wentalonm
Kyrrest Tsfirfin
Liarecem Brekriggen
Liskel Furecorm
Lizaram Wepenorm
Lorar Lydal
Loraust Rumoruord
Meldel Rientar
Omeip Jalwekam
High Shinla Pi’dine Keem
Pyrar Gurseifnfel
Pytine Terchored
Rezuin Hytlatulis
Selm Pimesum
Shimm Naromtor
Soladanly Gifemdal
Stytine Ryndatum
Terdal Meissaarn
Vaipal Perrecard
Vim Fargem’dadine
Yau Foreckogal
Yein Tilmesen
Yoryrly Fohotar
Warriors of the Purple Sun
Andind Sestkolkor
Ategem Jidalurg
Calól Unaldor
Canam Rezrandar
Casliram Hytsen
Crotine Kenam
Cytor Vrdat
Daextine Terrangol
Dayam Paldur
Do’lath Ti’win
Du’thail Wardes
Fal’talon Ruriand
Firil Hilas
Folir Elachi
Forber Jyl’keyem
Gedine Daedel
Gomdrol Trithaith
Jedivo Tilin
Kanok Tekfin
Oakel Jenkira
Pired Norsertine
Pota’muin Xanmis
Qua’rak Trianthal
Ralen Dil
Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar
Rod’ler Vondil
Seklor Koha
Sethrin Thenris, the Rorj’golém
Státin Xan’ledo
Styten B’delest
Sulour Riutu
Tekar Atirianm
Tekt Meldirt
Tendel Cankinda
Thror Pithrand
Tithor Dulaithlos
Toris Ine’kimy
Tsim Alatis
U’oldiss Sobrand
Ulathor Bellis
Valord Homgor
Vimir Aripentine
Virsen Elrebrir
Xigor Ardic’n
Rygem’dor
Kyrforlis Emiss Valenuim
Griak Aanai’pdel
Chieftain Laleldar Jorsyragol
Mursk Auissadel
Sa’gard Kyrmesred
Nelledotor Vender Norturor
Jytor Zagausln Jorsyragol
Viceroy Zorad Joorm
Atégantor Tribe
Jitalonr Drent Unriandal
Nelledotor Greymic Halino
Mordin Huliram
Qi’ard Frytun’yam
Radorn Jor’garuk’mis
Torrad Quai’aom
Hyliseor Tribe
Jitalonr Dra’stri Ita’genj’gen
Gressin Ramnisuin
Sargarin Orlhen’vmis
Voner Qu’grayarn
Vyl’kil Kyrouryam
Yan’sti Warendil
Nepengal Tribe
Atigri Astrin Jurnukaorm
Jitalonr Austron Belongen
Bi’arn Fryr’omor
Egit Faepental
Gal’den Gymesorm
Pronn Callambrs
Sammu Xi’bleugal
Sirk Rimwonfel
Sorik Isoryr’fin
Stirne Kyovryam
Gods
Irlia, Goddess of Fertility
Korrand, God of Fishing
Lampetia, Goddess of Magic
Norlo’nuïn, God of Protection and Travel
Réwen, Goddess of War
Siwen, Goddess of Maize
Tekten, God of Agriculture
Tôgaru’kar, God of War
Harem Students and Faculty
Beld Derseror
Gredoni Fedallynom
Sei’elle Vyardukel
Tenar Rezkendam
Worraq Sordallyn
Creatures
A’tetherok
Caracanrei
Golem
Clay Golem
Dirt Golem
Grass Golem
Rock Golem
Rock Dogs
Sand Golem
Harpy
Lomogu
Loxodont
Methrian
Pterapthyodes
Tygon
Vy’liryn
Locations
Dragoi
Caladoulor
Ertius
Diamïikur
Harem
Hessera
Asiér’rïan
Genlindal
Henopred
Rostheromi
Alekundaria
Cezaris
Gepenmis
Kororums
Rygem’dor
Akhet’Munu
Atégantor
Hyliseor
Nepengal
Tygrinïil River
Spartrakus Sea
Tither’rïan Mountains
Delpharïis
Husyra’Lampétunís
Korrand’s Finger
Thermotylus
Thermotylus Crag
Thermotylus River
The Wilds
Miscellaneous
Clothing
Dashiki
Dupatta
Rostheromi Royal Vestments
Salwar-kameez
Sari
Events
Battle of Genlindal
Battle of Thermotylus
The Dwarf/Elf War
The Rygem’dor War
Ships and Siege Weapons
Calr’Zaid
Gygthegen
Jyliset
Sambuca
Sampan
Septiremes
Triremes
Titles and Military Ranks
Consort
Jitalonr
Jytor/Sytor/Voristaor
Mahout
Nelledotor
Shinlin/Shinla
Vrelm/Vress
Tribes
Atégantor Tribe
Banossi Tribe
Hashnak Tribe
Nepengal Tribe
Thril-Gawiel Tribe
Weapons
Bhuj
Bisento
Bronze Sword
Caltrops
Cunisin
Four-Curved Composite Bow
Hatur
Katar
Laberyn
Loxodont War Armor
Péjel
Rygem’dor Armor
Samard
Spike Traps
Tither’rïan Quiver
Miscellaneous
Ancient Studies Class
Atrium of Irlia
Ba’kuth Empire
Cala’ramir Castle
The Chillion
Chip Log
Host’pilé
Jál’hatur
Loxodont Whistle
Measurement
Niello
Phalanx
Remembrances of Rostheromi
The Sal’jels
Tither’rïan Amazons
Tremégors
Warriors of the Purple Sun
About the Author
Connect with the Author
Other Books by the Author


Return to Table of Contents
Prefatory Note

I do believe it is important at the outset of this book, what the clear aim of this compendium is. Included in this compendium are biographies of every character, creature, location, and miscellaneous item of interest which appeared in the Warriors of the Purple Sun. It is meant as “further reading” to expand on ideas that the story did not have room for. The entries too are written (for the most part) as if written by a historian in the world of Warriors of the Purple Sun, so as to not spoil the story with plot points for the story’s ending. 
Warriors of the Purple Sun, while a book in and of itself, was and remains a part of a much larger world of stories. In point of fact, Warriors of the Purple Sun was originally written to be part of another book, Sphere of Darkness. However, it became clear that I had written two complete stories inside the same book, and Purple Sun was pulled out to stand on its own. As a result, and as a consequence of my writing style, several aspects of the book were left wanting, or at least hidden. Other aspects were only privy to my eyes. This compendium seeks to remedy that. 
I favor the pace of a story over exhaustive details of the history for each character or the inner workings of a siege engine or religious rite. It can be argued that leaving details in of this nature further cement the reality of this new world, however I believe that the narrative of my stories is better kept with a focus on the overall plot and pace rather than bountiful details on the anatomy of a harpy’s bone structure. Unless it directly impacts the overall story’s plot, I tend to edit it from the narrative. These details are, however, retained in biographies that I expand on in order to fully realize the nature of the world of the stories I tell.
From the size of the compendium, versus the size of the story, it is clear that had I left all of these details in and somehow wove it all together, Warriors of the Purple Sun would have effectively doubled in size and (I feel) would have lost much of the pace which the story drove throughout. 
I will note too that the compendium is arranged for what I feel is the easiest ways of usage. Characters are arranged alphabetically by nation, rather than as a long list of names. This is to hopefully keep the large number of characters effectively sorted in the reader’s head as to where they are supposed to be associated with and not confuse which army a person fights for. Each character biography is also written as if by a biographer right up until the start of the book, meaning that from birth until the character’s appearance in the story is chronicled, but nothing of the events in the story will be divulged. 
The creatures section does its best to give “realism” to each of the animals and creatures in Warriors of the Purple Sun. It is written with the intended style of a doctor from the world of the Purple Sun, explaining what is understood and known as opposed to an empirical account by me on every facet of an animal’s biological processes. In the case of golems, the category is broken up to include all mentioned golems.
The locations spoken of, as best I could manage, are separated and compiled by their home world, then their nation, then the cities and locations of that nation. Because so many odd names and spellings are going hand-in-hand with character and creature names, as well as locations mentioned in passing, I felt it was necessary to make sure these locations were clearly marked in a way that kept confusion at bay. 
The miscellaneous section is the only place where I break from character, and somewhat inconsistently. Warriors of the Purple Sun, and several other books in this world, borrow heavily from actual history and military devices as the influences for the character of the overall world and story. As such, some of the biographies are of real items that have become cooped for use by cultures and characters that would not be the case in our history (e.g. the katar and the bhuj, real weapons from medieval India, form the basis of the péjel and hatur, and appear side by side as if created in the same world). 
In this section too are the military ranks and royal titles. I wanted to create a rank and title system specifically for this world, but knew too that if I got too complex without some measure of a primer, then titles could become too confusing. 
I hope that this compendium is at the very least an enjoyable lark to read on occasion, or a very helpful reference for the avid fan. Future books will also have similar compendiums, and often the same biographies within. Because of that, I reserve the right to augment biographies to add more depth as necessary.


Return to Table of Contents

Ranks and Titles Quick Reference
Military Rank
Pyrm (Ensign)
Jotam (Private)
Sein(Corporal)
Hyrkas (Sergeant)
Hebegor (Lieutenant)
Durecir (Major)
Atigri (Commander)
Jitalonr (Captain)
Kyrforlis (Colonel)
Nelledotor (General)
Virkol’korred (Admiral)
Clergy Rank
Shinlin/ Shinla (Priest/Priestesss)
High Shinlin/Shinla (High Priest/Priestess)
Titles
Vrelm (Lord)
Vress (Lady)
Sovereign Rank
Common
Voristaor (King)
Vorista (Queen)
Vorist (Prince)
Vori (Princess)
Hessera/Dragoi
Jytor (King)
Jytoria (Queen)
Jy’orn (Prince)
Jy’ia (Princess)
Tygon
Sytor (King)
Sytoria (Queen)
Sy’orn (Prince)
Sy’ia (Princess)


Characters
Asiér’rïan
Return to Table of Contents
Gimlonarn
In a musing by Héro’daetïus, he mentions the name of Jytor Lagnothor Calzarim, specifically stating that his faithful lomogu steed was only docile when in motion. This could be construed as an impatient steed or as an animal that preferred the fast gallop to the awkward walk. Considering the form and structure of lomogus, it is worth considering that walking slowly is not the easiest thing for a lomogu to do, especially mounted. Most are left to large pens to move about, which has led to an accepted speculation that Gimlonarn was Lagnothor’s favored steed by virtue beyond natural choices for speed. In a statue dedicated to Lagnothor now in New Henopred, he is mounted on Gimlonarn, where most historical figures are represented alone. This could be because of the strength of the lomogu cavalry, Lagnothor’s passion for riding, or both. By whatever means, Gimlonarn’s fame has long outlasted all other lomogu. 

Return to Table of Contents
Héro’daetïus
One of the first chronicles to shed light on the legends of Hessera’s history was Héro’daetïus. In his collected work, a book called Remembrances of Rostheromi, Héro’daetïus wrote about Rygem’dor, Asiér’rïan, their warring internally and externally, and the course of historical battles. It is assumed he wrote about all of Hessera, but what remains in greatest detail were his accounts of Rostheromi and its relation to the other city-states of Asiér’rïan. 
Héro’daetïus’ accounts show that the historian lived after the Rygem’dor War and interviewed people from both Asiér’rïan and Rygem’dor about their culture, politics, and how the Rygem’dor War came about. Though this likely did not place him favorably in the stead of his own people, consorting with the enemy to gain historical perspective on how the war occurred has led to a definitive account of Hessera’s history unlike any other world. As such, he is heralded as the first historian for doing more than accounting for one side’s victories.
Héro’daetïus’ writings have helped identify numerous people from the battles at Genlindal and Thermotylus, with expressive details of the latter. Through his research, we know the battle strategies of Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar for the part Rostheromi played in the war, as well as many aspects that inspired far more beyond war. 
It is assumed Héro’daetïus was either born in Rostheromi, due to the wealth of concentration on the subject, or he was from an Asiér’rïan city-state and wanted to know more about the Purple Sun. By whatever means he came to want to record the history, we can now look to him with respectful happiness that anyone in ancient Hessera cared to record information now considered priceless. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jytor Lagnothor Calzarim
It should be noted that Henopred was only considered the capital of Asiér’rïan by a small majority of the city-states. It had one of the largest armies in the country and had successfully thwarted several rival attacks. Few could successfully challenge the stance of Henopred, at least through force. Within Henopred ruled the Calzarim family, a bloodline which had for generations sought to bring Asiér’rïan together as a unified country, rather than warring city-states.
The greatest Jytor of this family is arguably Lagnothor Calzarim, the ruling vrelm of Henopred at the beginning of the Rygem’dor War. By all accounts, Lagnothor ruled with much the same respect and desire as his father before, trying to be fair with his subjects and openly seeking to pacify Asiér’rïan under one banner. That he tried to do so diplomatically was both a curse and a compliment to his character. Henopred could easily destroy several rival city-states but chose to attempt passive treaties. Those which found treaties a mark of weakness were quick to find themselves under the boot of the Henopred army. Still, Lagnothor’s attempts to unify Asiér’rïan were incomplete, and by the start of the Rygem’dor War it is estimated that only a third of the city-states allied themselves with Henopred in this goal. 
With Rygem’dor’s army on the doorstep of Henopred, Lagnothor campaigned diplomatically to his rival city-states to aid their fellow Asiér’rïans, trying to call upon their virtues of common languages and common cultures to broker a truce at least for the battle against Rygem’dor rule. History is unclear if Lagnothor was overly confident or audaciously full of himself when he chose to implore upon Rostheromi for similar aid. Most considered it a fool’s gambit. At the very least, the prospect of any alliance—however temporary—with Rostheromi was almost sinful to the sanctity of Asiér’rïan. Whatever the objections, and certainly they were numerous, Lagnothor personally traveled to Rostheromi to implore aid. 
Some historical documents show that Henopred and Rostheromi had established and reestablished trade relations several times; brokering a new one every time a new ruler came into power. It is likely through this that Lagnothor believed he could at least ask help if not actually receive it. Unfortunately for Lagnothor, time was not generous. He’d learned of a Rygem’dor plot to bring an army up from below and encircle Henopred. Perhaps this information Lagnothor hoped would goad Rostheromi into at least defending its lands, aiding Henopred greatly even if inadvertently. Whatever the case pled before Rostheromi’s ruler, Vrelm Voram Tydallyn, Rostheromi agreed to stop Rygem’dor’s advance.
History becomes muddied at this point. Rostheromi was due to begin festivities which its armies were not allowed to exclude themselves from. Those selected to stop Rygem’dor would not only be few, but were not expected to survive. Perhaps this is why, rather than return to Henopred, Lagnothor devoted himself and the men who’d traveled with him to the cause. Whatever the case, Lagnothor—and several soldiers from Henopred—was at Thermotylus to aid the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons in stopping the Rygem’dor advance. Reportedly he died on the second day of battle, with explicit instructions given to take him back to Henopred for a proper burial rather than joining the rest on the sands of Thermotylus.
Lagnothor’s death inadvertently caused a revolution in Henopred. His military leaders tried to usurp his family line and tried to control Henopred as the new monarchy. Instead, they found themselves at the mercy of a Rostheromi vanguard army sent to honor their pact with Lagnothor and help secure Henopred. Outraged at Henopred’s military for ignoring their leader’s contributions, Gantradi Tydallyn, son of Voram, forced the issue by forcing rule to return to the Calzarim family. Gantradi made certain Lagnothor’s daughter, Ji’ïs, would rule.
By this token, and by Rostheromi’s continued support of the Calzarim family, Asiér’rïan not only survived the Rygem’dor War victorious, but similarly began a chain reaction of unification, with many city-states believing the Calzarim family line to be something of great importance if it could stay Rostheromi’s army and promote peaceful coexistence with such a ruthless adversary. 

Delpharïis
Return to Table of Contents
Ariana
Historically considered the first avatar of Lampetia, the Goddess of Magic, Ariana was more commonly known as the Oracle of Delpharïis. Numerous leaders of Asiér’rïan city-states would visit Delpharïis and come to the Husyra’Lampétunís—the House of Lampetia—to hear the Oracle dispense sage foretelling and advice of mystic scale. For most, the Oracle spoke in riddled musing, and by some written accounts one can attest that her predictions could be interpreted in a myriad of ways, just aloof enough on the details to be interpreted in full after the event foretold. 
For those returning to the Oracle for advice on the effects of war or peace usually assumed one definition of her ramblings, only to believe they interpreted wrongly if the opposite effect occurred. Arguments insist that her predictions are myths, as many of her predictions are never wrongly interpreted; which could leaves room for assumption that the predictions are recorded after an event has happened so as to be a correct prediction. 
Only three known people in history truly gained strong knowledge from her: Voram and Gantradi Tydallyn and their student Sethrin. Like Sethrin, Ariana is historically without a blood name, though Sethrin would later adopt the name Thenris to placate later generations that carry his blood. The relationship between Arian and Sethrin has been shrouded in mystery, less that they saw each other often as much as why and to what end. One account, by Sethrin’s first consort Andryren Veslis, says Sethrin would visit the Oracle often for some measure of mental comfort and aid at contacting Lampetia. Whatever their relationship in history, it is believed through such close ties that Sethrin was able to accomplish his historical role as the Rorj’golém, with a direct venue to speak to Lampetia. 

Rostheromi
Return to Table of Contents
Vrelm Gantradi Tydallyn
The First Child. That is the name whispered in the hallowed halls of myth. For the unenlightened, referring to Gantradi Tydallyn as the “First Child” seems a reference to being the first born of three to Voram Tydallyn. While he was referred to often in history texts and often that reason was given, “First Child” was a moniker delivered onto Gantradi long before Voram Tydallyn arrived in Hessera. 
The Dark Wars are named less for the tales of civil unrest and countless battles as it is for sparse knowledge on the goings on of the Second Age. However, it has come to light, even in a mythical story-telling, the birth of the Grand Mages. The first four grand mages—as the story goes—are as close to magical strength as the Goddess of Magic, Lampetia as she would allow, with every subsequent generation becoming far less potent. Of these four, Gantradi is the only official child recorded of pure blood to them, never muted subtly by interbreeding of non-grand mages. 
It should be noted that several grand mages were feared for one reason or another in the Dark Wars, and one of the most feared and revered was Gantradi. His birth, legends say, made the gods tremble so much as to remake future generations less capable. His father, Voram Tydallyn, bedded Neladantine Nudallyn, the only woman of the first four grand mages. This act sparked an epic battle between Voram and Neladantine’s betrothed, Calendilthor Zedallyn. 
Gantradi truly grew up with Voram on the planet of Hessera, never meeting his mother. It was in the lands of Rostheromi that he worked alongside his father to tease out all of their magic, both trying hard to understand and learn of it. For a century, the two grand mages toiled, learning the physicality of magic, their strength and power gaining them Godlike status over the people of Rostheromi. 
In Rostheromi, Gantradi allowed his father to present himself as a god, choosing to partake of the bounty of Rostheromi’s lands and conquests to satiate his own desires for intellectual gratifications. Gantradi’s fascinations for machines were said to be exceeded only by his toiling in magic. Great inventors like Héros Machinus, the “machine man,” worked in Gantradi’s city, Alekundaria. Through him, much of the innovations of Hessera were given the seeds of creation that would continue to spawn newer ideas and greater inventions. 
Gantradi has often been considered the more diplomatic between he and his father, at least with relation to the other city-states of Asiér’rïan. He led a contingent of Warriors of the Purple Sun to Henopred during the Rygem’dor War and was said to be so put out by the new ruler of Henopred that Gantradi sent his warriors back to Rostheromi until the new ruler was willing to act like his predecessor, Lagnothor Calzarim. 
It’s said Gantradi would have let Henopred fall, if it hadn’t been for Lagnothor’s daughter, Ji’ïs. Only ten at the time of the Rygem’dor War, Gantradi honored her father by coming to Henopred’s aid when Rygem’dor had breached the wall. But apparently only Gantradi came, leaving his army outside Henopred’s walls. Gantradi’s magical knowledge effectively crushed the Rygem’dor forces effortlessly. He generously offered the people of Henopred their lives if they’d depose their current ruler in favor of Ji’ïs and the Calzarim family line. Accounts vary greatly, but most seem to assert that Gantradi remained a diplomatic liaison in Henopred, helping to secure Ji’ïs as a ruler over Henopred and through politicking started aiding her in counsel to create a large Asiér’rïan unified nation. Gantradi continued to dance along the line of Asiér’rïan politics and Rostheromi politics, maintaining a respectful peace, though never with mutually assured alliances between the vastly different nations. 
When Voram’s concubine, Pi’dine Keem, died giving birth to Voram’s daughter Gantria, Gantradi’s world was sharply turned upside-down. He and his father indulged themselves into trying to conquer death magically. Infamously, this created a weapon of Black magic, which, apart from killing their pupil, the Rorj’golém Sethrin Thenris, so grievously wounded Voram’s mind that he chose to entomb himself beside Pi’dine until Gantradi could uncover a way to magically revive her. 
Gantradi took it upon himself to seal Voram away with an army of former military heroes from both the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. Then he took his young brother Gantred and his sister Gantria to many of the other worlds his father had spoken to him about. Gantradi immediately became the focus of the growing Circle of Grand Mages, located almost instantly as he left the world of Hessera. His siblings in tow, Gantradi joined the Circle to learn what he could, his lineage and blood becoming a strong burden of fear quickly. 
The Circle’s Founder, Xekelkorlis Fymdallyn, was quite attentive of Gantradi. As the fourth of the original Grand Mages, Xekelkorlis had married Neladantine Nudallyn in the absence of any other suitors powerful enough to oppose him. His concubine had provided a daughter named Lyar, whom Xekolkorlis betrothed to Gantradi to assure allegiance. The short black-brown haired Gantradi accepted the marriage, seeing it as his means of calming his position in the Circle of Grand Mages. Neither Gantradi nor Lyar took to one another however, bringing issues of an appropriate heir to seal the bloodline. 
Surrounding this time, Gantradi caught wind of rumblings surrounding Hessera, both he and Lyar leaving to investigate his father’s tomb. At Rostheromi Gantradi found both Necro’shir Zedallyn and the enigma grand mage known as Dragonfire. At the apex of battle, Gantradi, Lyar and Dragonfire fought against Necro’shir who was maddened by the effects of the Sphere of Darkness. The planet of Hessera had been turned to a desert wasteland, its people scattered or dead. Dragonfire’s actions aided in calming and subduing Necro’shir, the pair disappearing from Hessera before Gantradi could question them both. 
Gantradi and Lyar stayed on Hessera, attempting to salvage the desert wasteland and protect the tomb directly. Gantradi resealed Voram’s tomb, entrancing it with numerous new spells he’d learned to stop another attempt at possessing the Sphere of Darkness. He resumed his old ties to Asiér’rïan by calling on them to accept thousands of Rostheromi refugees. His Warriors of the Purple Sun became myths in the history books, charged to patrol the dead lands of Rostheromi and protect the tomb, while maintaining their allegiance with the remaining Tither’rïan amazons. 
Gantradi’s diplomacy maintained an invaluable distance between Asiér’rïan and the Tither’rïan amazons, allowing both to exist in harmony without an official alliance. As the years passed, Gantradi took a shinla concubine named Yandil Tensenis, much as his father had to solidify his unwavering union to the Tither’rïan amazons. As his romance with Lyar was all but nonexistent, this union went unchallenged. Though he sired a son with Lyar, his two daughters with Yandil would often be considered the true claim to Gantradi’s bloodline as far as the Tither’rïan amazons were concerned. 
History becomes very hazy on Gantradi’s final years. At some point, Dragonfire returned to Hessera with Necro’shir Zedallyn in tow. The pair brought with them the grand mage Tal’mov Kalkelam and a T’Kair’y’an Knight. From this point, Gantradi left Hessera for good, his name being linked to the Sundering and possibly dying soon thereafter. Of his siblings, history is similarly clouded, and all three of his children have vanished from record. Only Lyar remains in the company of the Tither’rïan amazons, maintaining her husband’s diplomacy with Asiér’rïan while keeping watch over the ruins of Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Héros Machinus
The “machine man,” Héros Machinus, is known by chance. He is a famed inventor and builder from Alekundaria, though whether that was the case when he was alive is still not discernible. Regardless, Héros wrote many scroll documents, everything from philosophical musings, mechanical designs and explanations, to historical events. Some doubt that all works ascribed to Héros were his designs, postulating that he could have claimed ownership with no one else to challenge. This dispute, though possible, does not diminish the “Machine Man.”
At some point in his life, it appears Héros left Hessera, and by his writings it was at least after the lush forests were turned to desert. This is open to debate however since by all attempts to sort out a timeline, Héros age would likely have claimed him long before Hessera’s demise. It is assumed that instead the Héros which left Hessera may be a son or other descendant with the same name, who kept the family name alive. 
By luck, Héros’ scrolls were found in Harem, and since then the bank of his knowledge has opened the doors to a history of Rostheromi and Asiér’rïan previously mused in myth. We don’t know if these were originals or copies of scrolls taken out of Hessera, but by the copious amounts found we know he was prolific in his writing. 
Mechanical designs for pedestals that moved on their own thanks to large cogs, rope, and pouring seeds were among the first to be duplicated and marveled at. His specifications for amphitheatres have given a new appreciation for acoustic design. Even the fanciful design of a means to light a cauldron and cause doors to open and close independently have shed some light on the wonders of Rostheromi thanks to the inventors of Alekundaria. 
But it is truly through Héros that we understand the functional design of the armor worn by the Warriors of the Purple Sun, their rulers, and the legendary Sal’jels. Up until his scrolls shed light on the subject, surviving relics of the armor were considered ornate and plausibly gaudy. At the very least the intricate detailing were considered armor for special occasion and only used at ceremonies. Because of Héros, it is now understood that such intricately detailed armor served the practical needs of war, the aesthetic wants of visual design, and allowed a soldier to move from the fields of battle to the churches of worship and to his burial without need for numerous cloths. In point of fact, by Héros’ accounts, every soldier of the Purple Sun was dressed in such glorious fashion so that if they died in battle, they were already dressed for their funerals. This has put a revealing twist on the concepts of the Purple Sun, showcasing the military acceptance of death, and the preparedness of every soldier for the likely occasion of their personal funeral. This is not to say they basked in death as much as expected and accepted it as a course of war. Whether intended by Héros or not, his writings have shed light on the Purple Sun beyond most legends and other historical accounts. 

Return to Table of Contents
Mofin Host’pilé
In the history of medicine, one man’s name stands out as its true father. Mofin Host’pilé began his life as a slave under the dominion of Rostheromi. For most of his life he lived as such, finally being mentioned historically as a figure that emerged from the Rygem’dor War. 
Backtracking his accounts, we know he was present at Thermotylus as a slave. Unlike the slaves of Rygem’dor—brought to row the ships to shore and then be the first wave of casualties—the slaves from Rostheromi were given a promise of freedom under the condition that they supported the army. This entailed creating field infirmaries and carrying equipment as a source of manual labor for the army to rest and recover after each battle. 
Historically, the infirmary Mofin was a part of is the first recorded coordination of medical personnel specifically assigned to keep the army able to fight. The infirmary’s main objective was to get the soldiers back into the battle, not healing wounds. Anyone who could fight, would fight, particularly in Thermotylus wherein the numbers were so few that none could be spared the conflict. 
Mofin described a litany of horrors he witnessed and practiced to get soldiers moving back to the front lines. After the battle, the surviving slaves were granted their freedoms and Mofin would recount how many of them could not shake the memories of what they witnessed. When he’d enter a village or city after that and see the infirm and sickly, he would be reminded of those days of battle and could barely keep his sanity from the horrors he’d seen. 
Those who gained their freedom did not distance themselves from the infirmaries, but rather embraced the horrors of the environment, remarking on their pride at seeing grievously wounded soldiers able to return to the lines even if for a suicidal attack. Mofin gathered as many of the freed slaves as he could to organize some measure of a better infirmary than before. He reasoned that if he could figure out how to lessen the pain and understand better what was happening, he and those with him could shake the nightmares of death. He created a quick sign of two intersecting red stripes, originally from blood, to display his house as a refuge for the sick and wounded. 
The term “Host’pilé” came about from Mofin’s blood name, and those serving under the Host’pilé banner would soon dot the battlefields with their infirmaries and claim all inventions they could find to the services of treating the infirm and sickly. Host’pilé’s name became so synonymous with the infirm that he was able to create infirmaries on battlefields with the same sign to mark it. Eventually other armies adopted the same visual sign, pointing out to the other armies where their wounded were. 
It’s because of Mofin that the Host’pilé Treaty was created and has been repeatedly gained new people to its list of cultures recognizing the infirmary as a place to bring your dying during battle. The treaty stipulates that whoever has signed it will not attack buildings or people wearing that symbol, indicating that soldiers should only be killed in battle, not in an infirmary. On occasion, this symbol has been used to hide troops or as an identifier on where to attack a large number of combatants who can’t fight back. This has prompted centuries of revisions to the Host’pilé Treaty to allow strict reprisals on anyone who has signed the treaty and ignored its intents. 
Mofin employed artists and required his doctors to record the conditions of the patients, symptoms, and the effect of their treatments. This basic study of medical practices—and refined sketches of anatomy, wounds, and conditions—has continued long after the inception of the Host’pilé Treaty, allowing a neutrality for those bearing the symbol. The exchange of medical research and practices could be provided to allow doctors a greater wealth of experience and knowledge to draw from and further save lives. In effect, the horrors of Thermotylus have since spawned the greatest advancements in medicine of any other known battle. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vrelm Voram Tydallyn
One of the first four grand mages ever created by the gods, Voram’s might in lineage was assured and feared. His own son Gantradi caused the gods to tremble and remake the very essence of their grand mage creations. At issue was Voram seducing Neladantine Nudallyn, the only female grand mage of the first four and the betrothed of Calendilthor Zedallyn. 
When Neladantine bore Gantradi, Calendilthor vowed vengeance for such an affront. In the ensuing battle, Voram and Calendilthor destroyed planets before the Gods themselves intervened. Voram was spared, his prowess far exceeding Calendilthor’s own. Calendilthor’s life and essence was removed and injected instead into Neladantine’s womb. 
Gantradi grew up with his father on the planet of Hessera, never meeting his mother. The pair worked together to learn and hone their heritage of magic, both trying hard to understand and grow from it. For a century, the two grand mages toiled, learning the physicality of magic, their strength and power gaining them Godlike status over the people of Rostheromi. 
Voram became ruler of the warrior city-state of Rostheromi by showcasing his magic and God-like stature, adopting the customs and ways of the Warriors of the Purple Sun to suit his wants for further study and creation of greater magical knowledge. Quietly building up his empire within the lands of Asiér’rïan, Voram slowly became a figurehead of royalty, with most of his true strength left to legends and myths. Universally, his sway over the affairs of the Warriors of the Purple Sun was absolute. 
History is sketchy at what point he took up his pupil, Sethrin Thenris, but it is clear that Sethrin was adept at magic. His name would live on in history as the Rorj’golém. Shortly after this time, a representative of the Tither’rïan amazons, a high shinla named Pi’dine Keem, came to Rostheromi to offer an accord between the amazons and Rostheromi before all-out war would render the attempt moot. It is said that Voram found himself seduced by the woman, though many accounts seem to convey a mutual love from the beginning. 
It was through Pi’dine that Voram instituted a ritualized ceremony of consorts between Purple Sun and Tither’rïan warriors to breed the greatest armies and further cement the dominance of Rostheromi over the lands of Hessera. This fruitful alliance was further solidified at the Rygem’dor War, wherein Voram made certain both the politics of Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazons superseded the requests of Asiér’rïan. Though the armies fought Rygem’dor alongside their Asiér’rïan neighbors, Voram made it clear that in doing so would by no means lessen the values of Rostheromi or the Tither’rïan amazons into a nation governed by Asiér’rïan values. 
By the time of the war, Voram had established Pi’dine as his concubine to solidify a lasting alliance and prove the legitimacy of his honoring of the amazons. By the end of the war, Voram made it official that he’d not take anyone as a bride, and no other as concubine, since Pi’dine’s place as a high shinla meant more than others claiming royalty. It was a formality which everyone knew, but it meant Rostheromi would stand by its alliance rather than dilute it. 
Eventually, Pi’dine gave birth to Voram’s second son, Gantred. She died in childbirth of their daughter, Gantria. History records that Pi’dine’s death left a grief-stricken Voram, desperately trying to find a way to resurrect his lost love. While the newest children were still in their fledgling years, Voram and Gantradi were heavily engrossed in studying the Black magic that so eluded their grasp. So intent were they in breaking the barrier of death that they beckoned the gods to aid them in understanding both White and Black magic. 
Resurrection was not forthcoming, only the harnessing of the Black magic. Formed into an orb, the Sphere of Darkness they created did not lead openly in the right direction. The orb’s powers were so harsh as to cripple and eventually kill Sethrin. Voram succumbed to his limitation, wanting to be buried with his dead concubine until Gantradi could truly find the answer. Entombing Voram into the inner sanctum of Rostheromi—sealing the tomb with an army of golems, the dead armies of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons from wars long ago, and the Rorj’golém to protect it—Gantradi began toiling further on the dream of breaking the curse of death. 
Gantradi left Hessera to journey to the worlds his father had often spoken of with his fledgling siblings. In so doing, Gantradi hoped to find others to consult with. This left the tomb exposed to the likes of Necro’shir Zedallyn, who took the Sphere of Darkness from Voram’s tomb. Trying to stop Necro’shir, Gantradi returned to Hessera with his new wife, Lyar Fymdallyn. A third grand mage, named Dragonfire, appeared inside the battle, wrenching Necro’shir from the Sphere of Darkness, but not before much of Hessera’s lush forests were turned to sand and dried to deserts. After such, Gantradi entombed the Sphere with his father once more, enchanting the Rorj’golém to awaken if ever someone dared stumble upon the tomb again. The tomb became legend, then myth, turning into a secret fiercely guarded by the surviving Tither’rïan amazons and the remnants of the Warriors of the Purple Sun. 

Tither’rïan Amazons
Return to Table of Contents
Andryren Veslis
Rarely does history have such varied views on one person such as Andryren, the first consort to the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris. This is primarily due to her status as the first consort and leader of the amazon Sal’jels, and how such conflicted with the Rorj’golém’s second and third consorts, Henen and Pyrar Gurseifnfel. 
Andryren arrives in historical records when the Tither’rïan amazons entered into an alliance with Rostheromi. It was then that she was singled out to head up the training of several amazons into becoming Sal’jels. She began a concerted effort to work with the likes of Vimir Aripentine and U’oldiss Sobrand of the Purple Sun to develop the Sal’jels, interlinking amazon and Purple Sun soldiers into a fierce fighting group. As the Chillion was refined, Andryren found her status as leader of the Sal’jels cemented by becoming the consort to the Rorj’golém. Initially this was a solitary honor, before Kyrrest Tsfirfin—the amazon military leader—indoctrinated a reform for the Chillion to establish multiple consorts. 
History begins to get hazy, depending on which source you rely on, as to how Andryren remained the sole consort to the Rorj’golém for so long. It is known that she’d accompany him to Delpharïis on many occasions and she would help him practice his golem creating skills quite often. Several historians believe partially in accounts that speak of Andryren becoming convinced that the Rorj’golém truly was a god among men and paid him grander homage than she would any other man. These accounts similarly rumor Andryren to be almost a devout worshipper of the Rorj’golém, though this is partially dispelled by accounts of the Rorj’golém and his tendency to favor being treated as an elite warrior rather than a god. 
None can argue though Andryren’s ability to mold the Sal’jels into an efficient military unit, placing at its head her consort as their unifying leader. This standpoint has baffled some historians. Varying accounts from the Gurseifnfel bloodlines state she was trying to form her own commune and destroy the Tither’rïan amazons from within. This seems unlikely, considering her stance on many issues in the treaties between Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazons. However, it is conceded that by some measure Andryren came to regard Sethrin as someone to be put higher than others. For his part, Sethrin used the guise of leader to help train the Sal’jels with rudimentary golems to fight and develop their skills with. 
When Henen and Pyrar Gurseifnfel finally became Sethrin’s consorts, they were both already accomplished warriors. Some of Andryren’s modern detractors believe she did not value the caracanrei twins as worthy of being consorts to the Rorj’golém, a claim they substantiate by lurid stories of Henen and Pyrar’s tombs. Though unconfirmed, and yet to be denied, it is said after their deaths, Henen and Pyrar were entombed in a temple shrine behind the closed mountain pass of Genlindal. The move was meant as a tribute to their standings both as prominent warriors and as consorts to the Rorj’golém.
According to this account, Andryren had their bodies exhumed and buried with the other Tither’rïan amazons in a move to symbolically say they were unworthy of distinction. Curiously, there is an account little-spoken of that speaks of the tomb of the Rorj’golém. Two stories exist, one that says his tomb is one in the same with that of Henen and Pyrar at Genlindal and another that says two temples exist at Genlindal. One was meant to house the Rorj’golém on one side of the closed pass, the other meant to house all three of his consorts. 
Of this record, two bickering accounts contend either that Andryren removed Henen and Pyrar to be the only one entombed with distinction or that all three consorts were placed ahead of the Rorj’golém’s tomb in a single temple to unify their standings together in the eyes of their cultures. Either theory holds some measure of weight, depending on who you want to believe. It is one of several reasons why several whispered voices want to find the pass at Genlindal to seek out either one or two temples placed there and find answers to glorify or vilify Andryren in history.

Return to Table of Contents
Ayerrlor Eyopor
Many from Ayerrlor’s bloodline survive to this day, inheriting her heritage of dark skin and a relative ease in sun-drenched lands. Oddly, she is less remembered for her military strengths as much as by her surviving consort, Rod’ler Vondil. The pair had an extended consort which resulted in several children of both sexes and it could be argued a relationship which threatened to ignore the separation of the amazons and the Purple Sun. 
Historians have often wondered about the first day of battle in which Ayerrlor and several other severely wounded soldiers fought as a wounded phalanx rather than facing the pitch as others did during the second day. Most concur that the pitch was being made as well as being prepared solely for the Sal’jels initially for their first night of battle rather than prepared for the entire army. This rationing of pitch likely was the reasonable cause for the wounded phalanx lines that furiously fought at Thermotylus that first day, determined to die in battle, rather than with the added psychological attack of being encased in flame too. 

Return to Table of Contents
Ayndelgal Salkasas
As part of the harpy defenses around the Tither’rïan Mountains, Ayndelgal was accustomed to locating and attacking soldiers from high above. When news of the Rygem’dor forces reached Rostheromi, Ayndelgal was part of the numerous harpies from both Tither’rïan and Rostheromi, as well as female a’tetheroks that campaigned to be included in the stand at Thermotylus. Using the wind shears of the Thermotylus Crag, Ayndelgal and several aerial combatants provided yet another aspect of warfare to defend against, even after their ranks were decimated on the second day of fighting. Long beyond their deaths, harpies like Ayndelgal had a psychological impact on their foes, scaring them with the concepts on all of the issues they or anyone else would have to face if they chose to attack the Tither’rïan amazons and Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Cesal Viremblal
From the scant records found, historians are leaning further and further into assuming that most of the amazon Sal’jels at Thermotylus were part of the first group of soldiers to train with their Purple Sun counterparts. If this is the case, which seems fairly certain, then Cesal likely moved from a training regiment of hunting to the skills of a Sal’jel long before Thermotylus, when the Sal’jels truly became legends in history. Like most of the Sal’jels from that battle, little is concretely known about Cesal before she stepped foot on the shores of the Spartrakus Sea. Most is a hybrid of legends and myths that have sprung up and almost deified the Sal’jels at Thermotylus for their uncompromising destructiveness. 
What we know for certain was her extended consort to her fellow Sal’jel, Vimir Aripentine. Though these extended consorts were growing in number, at this point in the alliance between the Tither’rïan amazons and Rostheromi, most of the extended consorts seemed to be with the Sal’jels; a likely byproduct of training together so often and proving to one another their effective worth as a breeding partner. 
What is of debate in their relationship is how long the consort was. Vimir is often characterized by historians as a possible conservative warrior, donning the hairstyles of several Warriors of the Purple Sun who wanted to honor their lomogus and appear with the same straight Mohawk of their helmets. Such conservative warriors were known to dismiss their consort after birth and merely partake of the ritual as part of their duty to the state. Some historians argue that the Sal’jels were less conservative in such a respect and adopted the hairstyle more in honor of the lomogu than any additional duties to the state. 
It leaves into debate several issues as to why the pair was still consorts by the time of Thermotylus. One theory suggests they never managed to conceive a child and as such their consort continued until they could. More historians are leaning now towards an idea that Sal’jels saw their fellow Sal’jels as equal counterparts, proving time and again to one another in training that they were the best stock to breed with. As such, extended consorts were likely thought less as a different way of claiming marriage as much as Sal’jels declaring they had the best warrior to breed with and needed no other. 

Return to Table of Contents
Eagen Yoburn
Dubiously, Eagen’s stature as a capable phalanx soldier was overshadowed in Thermotylus by a barrage attack from the Rygem’dor army. She was among several lines of the Purple Sun phalanx that suffered grievous wounds and needed to be attended to. But she is remembered more for being among the first soldiers to endure the pitch in a last attempt to die in battle rather than in the infirmary. As such, her place in amazon society is shrouded in question, as well as how many daughters she birthed to fulfill her duty to the Tither’rïan amazons. 

Return to Table of Contents
Ei’elm Validaly
Ei’elm was part of one of the oldest bloodlines of the Tither’rïan amazons, partly due to her a’tetherok heritage in the Tither’rïan Mountains long before the amazons established themselves within the mountain caves. As such, many amazons apparently mourned her loss at Thermotylus. According to historical accounts, she was hit twice in the chest by the Rygem’dor archers in the second day of fighting, but did not die immediately. For many amazons, this angered them further, as she was too weak to even attempt racing out into battle covered in pitch. 
Her family bloodline successfully continues to this day, giving far more weight to the bloodline’s age than simply a heritage of a’tetherok soldiers. Several a’tetheroks since Thermotylus have added to their prayers to the goddesses the hope to die quickly, and not suffer the weakness of a slow, painful death as Ei’elm reportedly endured.  

Return to Table of Contents
Elaisegen Ulafinal
Credited as the first matriarch of the Tither’rïan amazons, Elaisegen would eventually be regarded as Mother Ulafinal after her death at Thermotylus. It was through her strength of character that younger amazons would turn to confirm their roles in the society. For much of the Tither’rïan history, the sole factor of training was brutal, a method of zero tolerance for weaknesses of character and high expectations of perseverance. In her youth, Elaisegen was considered weak of heart, giving solace to those that were less physically able. What she lacked in steel-heartedness however, history recalls she was persuasive in the hearts of many amazon youths to not give up and instead fight to earn their places. 
With underground popularity, figuratively speaking, Elaisegen’s word helped to cement the doctrines of the amazon society, showcased by her loyalties to the Tither’rïan beliefs save for delivering these in a cold manner. But this method likely would have been silenced if she was not similarly a capable warrior on her own. Several accounts speak of Elaisegen being put on the front lines to make an example of her in her youth. Surviving conflict after conflict and continuing her empathy to younger amazons eventually won out as those youths grew into the ranks. As one of her prominent students, Kyrrest Tsfirfin gradually took over the Tither’rïan amazons’ military, Elaisegen’s debacle of being shoved aside equally began to change. 
She is credited in history for encouraging Pi’dine Keem to assemble an entourage to discuss terms with Rostheromi. Her name is mentioned periodically for coercing terms of alliance rather than subjugation, drawing upon the desires of Rostheromi to have accomplished warriors as well as the Tither’rïan amazons. It is said early on that Elaisegen used Pi’dine to capitalize on the attraction Pi’dine drew from Voram Tydallyn, and similarly managed to catch the attention of the nelledotor of the Warriors of the Purple Sun, Rangthor Renthar. It is through her that the fundamental aspects of the Chillion—the amazon ceremony of consorts—was formed, to be adopted and refined in a myriad of ways by other amazon nations for centuries to come. This alliance of cultures, providing a well-bred stock of soldiers for either side, continued through the destruction of Hessera’s lush forests, a lasting testament to her persuasive genius and endearing belief in the amazon culture. 
It is by such sentiments that one would have believed Elaisegen would have had prominent pick of the consort choices, but the truth is quite the opposite. Three consorts are known of, but only one name has survived through the ages. After working very hard to become successful in the Chillion, Elaisegen’s final attempt garnered her the right to be Rangthor’s consort, which placed her at higher prominence than those prior. It also meant she was his third lasting consort behind Kyrrest and the vy’liryn Omeip Jalwekam. 
History recalls Elaisegen as possibly being barren, though she did mother a child before her consort with Rangthor. Suffering from a lack of pregnancies from all but one consort appeared to wound her most when no child was born from her union with Rangthor. It is said Rangthor promised her many more opportunities once they returned from Thermotylus, and indeed there are records that speak of lavish offerings to the Goddess of Fertility in her name as they went to Thermotylus. 
However, Elaisegen did not survive the first day of battle. After repeatedly taking her place on the front lines, Elaisegen died in the field infirmaries. To this day, many of the Tither’rïan “Mothers” that have presided over the politics of the amazon life continue to revere Elaisegen for her insight into opportunities and unwavering belief in the amazon way of life. 

Return to Table of Contents
Farjels Linburnfel
Farjels is one of the few Sal’jels historically named ahead of her involvement at Thermotylus. Most Sal’jels that were part of the night battles at Thermotylus are known solely for that battle, but one reference of Farjels survived to give some beneficiary understanding to who she may have been. 
She was reprimanded, branded the “wild one” by a Tither’rïan amazon account in a request to discipline her further for her incurable instinct to kill rather than help train. The account gives evidence that Farjels seemed to be a controlled explosion in the Tither’rïan camp, someone capable of being respectable until her blades were being used for any manner of fighting. From that point, it seems she could not satiate her bloodlust. That she was a Sal’jel likely did not help this, though possibly the position helped channel her behavior. 
We know she was a casualty on the first night, though how much of this was by Rygem’dor or an inability to leave battle before the Rorj’golém attacked is still in question. Historians hope at some point to understand what Farjels’ reprimand may have been, thus hopefully understanding better the internal structures of the Tither’rïan society. 

Return to Table of Contents
Fas Gravoram
As a Tither’rïan amazon at Thermotylus, Fas is remembered with distinction today, but that distinction is furthered by her training in riding loxodonts and her survival to the final day of battle. Such a rarity of qualities has lifted her family status ever since, with her daughters carrying on the example set by her to proudly stand, fight, and survive. 

Return to Table of Contents
Fora’tine Xi’indirs
At the time of the Battle of Thermotylus, Fora’tine was considered a capable phalanx warrior, known for her abundant physical strength and one of the few Tither’rïan amazons skilled enough to ride loxodonts. Though she did not survive the first day of battle, her legendary skills live on far more than most who survived the three days of fighting. 
She was considered a master trainer and was a proud mother of several daughters. One legend persists of her life more than others, as she was one of the first Tither’rïan amazons to value extended consorts. It is believed she took such a stance in part after becoming a consort to the Warrior of the Purple Sun, Sulour Riutu. It is said he would sing her to sleep, an issue she apparently did not enjoy being publicly known. Of her children it is believed her lone son brought her the most joy, as it finally provided Sulour his proof of duty to Rostheromi. This initial burst of joy also meant Sulour would be chosen to go to Thermotylus, now that his duty had been fulfilled.

Return to Table of Contents
Fymal Wentalonm
We know of two Tither’rïan amazon twin sets; the Gurseifnfel caracanrei twins that were consorts to the Rorj’golém, and the Wentalonm twins, Fymal and Kimam. Oddly, both sets of twins lost one sister at Thermotylus, in Fymal’s case she lost her sister Kimam. Militaries today have started adopting codes to avoid having siblings or multiple family members from being at the same battles at the same times. Current thinking has a greater issue of the family lines being destroyed if the battle claimed all of the family fighting inside. 
At Thermotylus, this issue was never a concern, as everyone involved between the Tither’rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun already had done their duty to the state by having children. Oddly, Fymal and Kimam mirrored the Gurseifnfel twins by having Kimam as a Sal’jel and Fymal as a part of the standard infantry. Since twins were a far greater rarity then than now—though still rare—having two twin sets has made many historians wonder if splitting the twins between the Sal’jels and the standard infantry was intentional or whether they chose the path. 
It seems the former, perhaps as a public question of whether the twins could prove without doubt which style of fighting was better to invest in, the Sal’jels or the infantry. If this was the case, Fymal Wentalonm and Henen Gurseifnfel would have sealed at least one issue, since both were infantry and both survived the immediate battle. However, the status of the Sal’jels for their sacrifices at Thermotylus certainly made the deaths of Kimam Wentalonm and Pyrar Gurseifnfel elevated as greater soldiers. For the surviving sisters, it seems both took the deaths of their sisters hard. 

Return to Table of Contents
Henen Gurseifnfel
Caracanreis were considered a valued commodity for the Tither’rïan amazons, specifically for their ability to track prey and enemies, so it is of little surprise that Henen and her twin sister Pyrar would be indoctrinated into such a lifestyle from an early age. Both were said to be accomplished trackers and archers, their agility and stealth doing great honor to their race. That being said, both Henen and Pyrar are remembered in concert with controversy in modern views over how they were accepted in the past. 
Despite their mutually respected soldiery, with Pyrar excelling as a Sal’jel, both Henen and Pyrar historically had the misfortune of being consorts to the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris. This is not to say that he mistreated or disliked them by any means. Moreover it was the reality of the twins that they were to share consort of the Rorj’golém with Andryren Veslis. History tells us that Andryren accepted them as the second and third consorts to the Rorj’golém, but she proved over the years to have a very different view over how her personal feelings of them differed from the other Tither’rïan amazons. 
It is unclear where the discourse lies, but some accounts suggest Andryren took her role as consort very seriously, truly believing the Rorj’golém to be a god among men and as such given greater respect than others of the Purple Sun. Some theories believe that Andryren perceived both Henen and Pyrar as viewing the Rorj’golém as any other man of stature, a concept that likely did not sit well with Andryren. In what can only be considered bickering accounts, history seems to accept that the Rorj’golém savored all of his consorts, but the bickering seems to be over how greatly to one side or the other did the Rorj’golém prefer them. 
The Veslis bloodline is still traceable, and highly regarded in the Tither’rïan history, whereas the Gurseifnfel bloodline has arguably the greatest reasons to feel unjustly looked upon historically. After the Rygem’dor War, a temple was erected at the closed pass of Genlindal, wherein the bodies of Henen and Pyrar were said to be buried and put to rest. However, common belief is that Andryren had the bodies exhumed and buried with the other Tither’rïan amazon dead rather than given a place of honor as a testament to their status. 
This has never been confirmed, nor has it been denied. What’s more, no historical account speaks of what happened to Andryren at her death. Though the consensus is to let the past remain buried, several hushed voices seem to want to find this temple to confirm or deny the claims to further either side of the bickering.

Return to Table of Contents
Hyta Mars’risim
That Hyta stood at Thermotylus ranks her among a select few Tither’rïan amazons almost venerated for their stand at Thermotylus. There is little known of her beyond her position as a phalanx fighter. That she served at Thermotylus is of clear indication she was considered a strong warrior who had done her duty to the Tither’rïan amazons. According to accounts, she managed to face the pitch before dying on the second day of Thermotylus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jal Lick’elorm
Harpies have long been considered the guardians of the mountains, and though history is dubious of the harpies’ prowess in ground combat, it is generally accepted that harpies like Jal were a fierce commodity in scaring off many land-based attacks that didn’t want to deal with aerial bombardments. It is through the alliances of the harpies and the female a’tetheroks that the Tither’rïan amazons even had a home in the mountains. Such aerial superiority similarly became an integral part for two days worth of battle at Thermotylus. After such, many harpies and a’tetheroks like Jal were decimated, creating a void in the battle strategy. However, its lasting effect was to create a legendary status for the terrors that one had to face if the Tither’rïan amazons fought.

Return to Table of Contents
Jenkel Vrmogumis
For several generations before the Tither’rïan amazons formally allied themselves with Rostheromi, they had begun a long process of integrating several female vy’liryns into their culture. One of the key families from this integration was that of the Vrmogumis bloodline. For the most part, this is the only historical element of Jenkel’s past beyond Thermotylus that her bloodline can continue to claim. What kind of character she had, or who she was a consort to at any point is of large debate. It is believed at least three of her consorts were vy’liryns from the Purple Sun, but which men is unknown, let alone how many children she earned the right to bear. Three children at least is an accomplishment that speaks highly of her warrior skills and the value of trying to pass on her heritage to later generations. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jeskellm Soramdisuin
When the Tither’rïan amazons united with Rostheromi, the knowledge of the Sal’jels slowly became a shared military venture. Among the first amazons to begin training in new methods of combat that would become a trademark of the Sal’jels was Jeskellm, already an accomplished lomogu rider and phalanx soldier, she proved quickly and often that the Sal’jels could be more than previously hoped. 
Many accounts speak of her inventiveness in training; most implying her experience with helping hunting parties gave her several scenarios with wild beasts to draw from. Aside from her involvement in Thermotylus, Jeskellm became known as a long-time consort to her fellow Sal’jel, Toris Ine’kimy. This union was like a few others early in the alliance, creating strong bonds that made many in the Tither’rïan societies wary. Rather than maintaining their individuality, such long-term consorts bordered on threatening the early alliance terms. 
Some surviving amazons now believe that were it not for Thermotylus, this issue would have only grown more prominent. Thermotylus in many ways highlighted a stronger bond between the warriors with consorts and those without. If anything, Thermotylus maintained a deeply held belief from Rostheromi that warriors fought harder to keep one another alive when there were emotional bonds between the soldiers. Later, such unions would be considered great contributions to both armies as they would be looked upon as strengthening the armies to come.

Return to Table of Contents
Kimam Wentalonm
Three aspects of Kimam Wentalonm have survived to be looked at by historians for their significance. Firstly, she had a twin sister in the Tither’rïan infantry named Fymal Wentalonm. Both sisters were at Thermotylus, but Kimam was there as a Sal’jel, which historians now debate the intention. Because twins were almost unheard of at that time, the Wentalonm twins would have been a rare anomaly, but they joined the Gurseifnfel twins, Henen and Pyrar, at Thermotylus, making the battle even more interesting for having the only two twin sets in that point of known history. Like the Gurseifnfel twins, the Wentalonm twins were separated militarily by having Fymal as a Sal’jel and Kimam as part of the standard infantry. This makes historians wonder if such was by the decree of the Tither'rïan amazons or if both twin sets simply chose alternate paths to their sister. 
Secondly, Kimam had an extended consort with her fellow Sal’jel, Seklor Koha. Of this, many speculate just how many Sal’jels took up an extended consort. It does historically seem that this practice was more apt to occur with the Sal’jels than with the separate militaries. But Seklor Koha is also the third historical aspect of Kimam, as he was a vy’liryn. 
Many historians can point to this known history and begin asking how often there was an interspecies relationship. Of the known consorts at this time, most maintain the same species. The only other examples of interspecies consorts are by Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar with his vy’liryn consort Omeip Jalwekam, the Rorj’golém and his consorts the Gurseifnfel twins, and the a’tetherok Thror Pithrand with Shimm Naromtor. This interspecies relationship is of historical significance less as a means of tackling interspecies prejudices today as much as the reasoning behind the act then. 
Many historians agree that since most known consorts were of the same species, the Tither'rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun likely were intentionally doing this to avoid diluting the strengths of each species with another. Possibly by the successes of the Rorj’golém and Rangthor’s children, the prospect of greater warriors became a statewide ideal. But for historians, the hope is to find a greater number of known interspecies consorts, or some surviving doctrine explaining a lack of them. Either would help explain the appearance of them later in history.

Return to Table of Contents
Kyrrest Tsfirfin
At the time of the Rygem’dor War, Kyrrest was the reigning military leader of the Tither’rïan amazons. She had grown up under the austere training of her sisters and had the compassionate guidance of Elaisegen Ulafinal to help her persevere through the harsh years of amazon life. Surprisingly, few actual facts about Kyrrest have survived through the centuries. 
She is regarded as a legendary warrior by modern accounts, but the actual details of her life, motives, and mannerisms are still unknown. How, for example, she was able to prove her military worth enough to garner such a leadership role so young is still hotly contested between likely facts and legendary myths. Suffice it to say, there is plenty known of her to address some issues. 
She’s one of the few historical figures of that time to whom eye color is known. According to one account Rangthor Renthar, nelledotor of the Warriors of the Purple Sun, was so taken aback by her brown eyes that he felt compelled to admit he was glad such a virile woman would bear his children. 
One account of Kyrrest explains a solution to a fundamental problem with the amazon life. As the first Chillions were being created to breed the finest warriors for both the Tither’rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun, Kyrrest touched upon the very real problem of the Tither’rïan amazons: pregnant women were a detriment to the war effort. Having a steady stream of pregnant warriors meant the Tither’rïan amazons would be reduced to brood mares for Rostheromi, a prospect that threatened to destabilize the initially fragile alliance. 
Kyrrest’s solution was a matter of practicality and should be looked upon as such. By some standards of current societies, multiple wives is regarded unfavorably, even though polygamy continues to exist in several cultures and played vital roles in history. That being said, the title of consort was never considered marriage, as a consort could change from Chillion to Chillion if the two consorts sought to spread their blood elsewhere. Kyrrest reasoned that since the Purple Sun did not suffer the same limitations of pregnancy as her sisters, a staggered system of multiple consorts would garner new generations without destroying to stability of the amazon ranks. As such a system was devised to determine which of the Purple Sun were the greatest candidates for future warrior broods, and those men would end up with multiple consorts to further populate greater generations. 
It is by this logic that one can understand how Kyrrest could stand in history as the first of three simultaneous consorts to Rangthor, the other two being Omeip Jalwekam and her teacher, Elaisegen. It is often considered that Kyrrest believed herself on the same level as Rangthor, and it seems he gave her reason to equate her status with him as a venerated one. Though she shared the status with two others, it is widely viewed that Kyrrest was the foremost consort, favored by her fierce spirit and warrior capabilities. By virtue of the family line that has followed, Kyrrest’s legacy has continued to be a bold hallmark in the Tither’rïan heritage. 

Return to Table of Contents
Liarecem Brekriggen
A’tetheroks stood on both sides of the alliance between the Tither’rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun long before the two sides allied. The a’tetheroks controlled the caves of the Tither’rïan Mountains, and it is believed that with the introduction of the amazons, the male a’tetheroks left to Rostheromi. It wasn’t until the alliance that a’tetheroks were even given the opportunity to reunite the cultures. Still, it wasn’t until Thermotylus that any historians truly begin to join the two cultures. 
Ironically, though historians mark Thermotylus as the point at which the a’tetheroks were once again united, they truthfully never fought together. A’tetherok amazons like Liarecem spent their time in battle flying over the battlefields, attacking the Rygem’dor phalanx from above. For the most part, this detail is paid no attention even by modern survivors. That they fought at Thermotylus at all means more than how they were implemented. 

Return to Table of Contents
Liskel Furecorm
Despite the strengths of many caracanrei warriors for the Tither’rïan amazons, little is remembered of Liskel. She was likely a tracker and proficient archer, but her death on the front lines likely meant she spent most of her time at Thermotylus as infantry. It is known that she had several consorts before Thermotylus and that her last consort was Tsim Alatis, a caracanrei from the Purple Sun. Whether he was the father of her daughter is still in question, but it is known and accepted that she only birthed one daughter, making her standings in amazon society harder to determine this historically far away. 
In all likelihood, her success at breeding sons didn’t go over well by many of the fundamentalist amazons and had such luck continued, she’d likely never have made it to Thermotylus. As it was, many amazons recall Liskel sharing some of the same communal worries that her daughter might not be able to be as brave as the soldiers at Thermotylus. She was among many who swore to make sure to train her child appropriately once she got home, not wanting to contemplate never returning from Thermotylus and letting chance guide her daughter on the path of a warrior. 

Return to Table of Contents
Lizaram Wepenorm
Casualties on the first night of battle at Thermotylus were likely much larger than the recorded accounts. It seems the Sal’jels who were recorded in the lists of dead were either warriors of distinction or circumstance. Such is the overall question of Sal’jels like the amazon Lizaram. Unlike those selected to take the jylisets, Lizaram’s overall goal within the first night of battle likely was more generalized. That she is remembered at all might be due to other survivors with her that recalled her involvement. Even without knowing more, that she has a name counts her as part of the mythology that continues to surround the Sal’jels of Thermotylus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Lorar Lydal
We know that Lorar faced the pitch at Thermotylus on the second day of battle. Of this it is relatively agreed she was part of the amazon infantry. That her name was singled out—more so than several others of similar fate—implies that Lorar was likely a very capable soldier and likely someone important in the training and education of other amazon warriors. 
It is hard to clarify which aspects of Tither’rïan history is myth and which is true, and as such much of what can be assumed of Lorar is still in debate. Without knowing more of her children, her consorts, or specifically her stance in amazon society to gain remembrance in the dead at Thermotylus, Lorar stands as one of several soldiers historians wish they knew more about to account for their singling out in Thermotylus’ lists of dead. 

Return to Table of Contents
Loraust Rumoruord
Loraust is one of the few echoing sentiments that many later generations point to with regards to extended consorts. After Thermotylus, she remarked at how she was put at greater ease to see her consort, Tekar Atirianm, still alive each day of battle. Such a sentiment has held off several attempts by archconservatives for both the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons seeking to abolish long-term consorts in favor of maintaining the separation of the two cultures and the spreading of bloodlines. 
But Loraust’s comment brings to light an issue of not only maintaining discipline, but similarly of the lasting effect of knowing someone you trust is still there to calm any nerves. Unfortunately, little beyond this simple sentiment—dragged out repeatedly by those that do not see long-term consorts as improper—is honestly known about Loraust. That she survived Thermotylus is reason to celebrate, but her lineage leaves many gaps as to how successful she and Tekar were in breeding children. With several centuries for bloodlines to get shuffled, that might be impossible to find out. 

Return to Table of Contents
Meldel Rientar
Like many of the Sal’jels at Thermotylus, Meldel is known only in the context of her involvement within Thermotylus. Historians have concluded Meldel was one of the casualties during that first night of battle. Since she’s not mentioned specifically for any specific course of action, historians generally accept that her involvement in the attack upon the Rygem’dor navy was generalized, less so than those singled out for the attack on the jylisets. 

Return to Table of Contents
Omeip Jalwekam
Both by her prominent standing and physical ability, Omeip has become one of several Tither’rïan amazons of reference for the culture’s diversity. As a vy’liryn, her prominence further cemented the acceptance of vy’liryns as capable amazon sisters, bound by their ability and gender over their common race. That being said, during her life, Omeip was less regarded as a prominent vy’liryn as she was a capable archer and surprisingly capable combatant. 
Her status in the Tither’rïan ranks resulted when she came of age and took part in the Tither’rïan Chillion. By that time, the amazons had formed an alliance with Rostheromi and were solidifying the rights of consorting. Both the Tither’rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun did their best to figure out the most prominent standings of their warriors to create the best breeding possibilities. Omeip became a legend in earning the right to consort with Rangthor Renthar, the nelledotor of the Purple Sun. Such a feat was compounded by her prominence as an archer, making her victory a surprise to many. It also meant she shared consorting of Rangthor with the amazon leader, Kyrrest Tsfirfin. Such meant Omeip had all eyes on her for numerous reasons and benefited from Kyrrest’s oversight to further cement her role in amazon society. 
It is said Omeip’s greatest strength though was that of teacher. The youngest amazons would benefit from her training and lessons, helping to continue a strong tradition of amazons imparting their knowledge to the new generation. It is in fact this ability of teaching and being the matriarch of the amazon youth which almost prevented Omeip from joining the Battle of Thermotylus. 
Kyrrest, in her decisions of who should hold the riverbed at Thermotylus, was prepared to keep Omeip at the Tither’rïan Mountains, accepting the likelihood of the battle failing. Kyrrest wanted someone capable to lead if she fell, which jeopardized Omeip’s chances of leading the archers in battle. According to historical accounts, Omeip persevered to fight at Thermotylus by her desire to prevent Rygem’dor’s victory and her rationale that Thermotylus could not be lost, lest the amazons were prepared to similarly give up their Tither’rïan caves. 
Accounts are sketchy, but it seems by the time of Thermotylus, Omeip had bore five children with Rangthor. Some scholars question the high number, citing how pregnancy invariably took amazon soldiers from the front lines and as such dulled their physical ability so most consorting amazons would wait between children to regain their military might. However, due to her practice with the bow, it is believed if this number is accurate, Omeip likely would have been able to maintain her archery skills during and after pregnancy far easier than her counterparts.

Return to Table of Contents
High Shinla Pi’dine Keem
As the High Shinla of Irlia, Goddess of Fertility, Pi’dine Keem was granted safe passage into Rostheromi from her home with the Tither’rïan amazons. History is quiet with regards to her life prior to entering Rostheromi, but certainly that is not the case afterwards. Pi’dine was part of a diplomatic envoy to attempt a peace treaty with Rostheromi in the shadows of an imminent war between the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. Apparently, Pi’dine came to a genius proposal of unification between the two cultures which centered around breeding. Because both the Tither’rïan amazons and the armies of Rostheromi were warriors first and commoners second, the focus of both cultures was to breed the greatest warriors to fight with. 
Pi’dine’s plan involved the established best warriors of both nations to interbreed, thus ensuring the strongest bloodlines would follow from the unions and stronger armies would arise. Pi’dine arranged a meeting with the leader of Rostheromi, Voram Tydallyn, to discuss integrating the established amazonian breeding ceremony, the Chillion, with the festivals of Rostheromi to organize and institute a program wherein the two cultures could coexist without giving up their nation’s demands. The pact assured that all daughters birthed by this would become Tither’rïan amazons, and all sons would become Warriors of the Purple Sun. Such delineation proved fruitful in assuring neither region lost its identity and in promoting the state sanction of controlled breeding of its warrior elite. 
While this political maneuvering was being established, Pi’dine found herself repeatedly in the company of Voram, the pair becoming far more than political counsels to one another. In the end, both her religious rank and her status as a Tither’rïan amazon prevented the two from marrying, but politically the pair found a way to make the alliance far stronger. Pi’dine took on the role of concubine, though it was widely known this was more for up keeping the political and religious ruse than anything else. For many, she was the only one deserving of the role, since Voram was considered near-godlike and thus no common mortal was worthy of birthing his children. 
For all intents and purposes, Pi’dine became Voram’s wife, cementing the alliance of the Tither’rïan amazons and Rostheromi permanently. That Voram never officially married anyone, and no one records him having any other concubine, historically Pi’dine assured a lasting unity between the two cultures. She birthed two children, a son named Gantred and a daughter named Gantria. It was in labor with Gantria that Pi’dine died, leaving Voram grief-stricken. 
Some say madness overtook the Rostheromi leader at Pi’dine’s untimely death. Whatever the truth, with his first son Gantradi and his pupil Sethrin Thenris, Voram attempted to thwart death and discover a magical means of resurrecting Pi’dine. When Voram finally conceded to his grief, he had crafted the Sphere of Darkness. It was with this magical device that Hessera would later fall victim to. 
Legend says Voram could no longer bear living without Pi’dine and chose instead to seal himself within a tomb with his beloved. The pair were laid to rest in a shrine to honor Pi’dine, cursed to wait until someone could finally break the cycle of death and resurrect Voram’s concubine. Where this tomb is has become lost in the sands of Hessera. Only legend remains, and a lasting legacy of intertwining the Warriors of the Purple Sun with the Tither’rïan amazons. 

Return to Table of Contents
Pyrar Gurseifnfel
Caracanreis were considered a valued commodity for the Tither’rïan amazons, specifically for their ability to track prey and enemies, so it is of little surprise that Pyrar and her twin sister Henen would be indoctrinated into such a lifestyle from an early age. Both were said to be accomplished trackers and archers, their agility and stealth doing great honor to their race. That being said, both Pyrar and Henen are remembered in concert with controversy in modern views over how they were accepted in the past. 
Despite their mutually respected soldiery, with Pyrar excelling as a Sal’jel, both Henen and Pyrar historically had the misfortune of being consorts to the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris. This is not to say that he mistreated or disliked them by any means. Moreover it was the reality of the twins that they were to share consort of the Rorj’golém with Andryren Veslis. History tells us that Andryren accepted them as the second and third consorts to the Rorj’golém, but she proved over the years to have a very different view over how her personal feelings of them differed from the other Tither’rïan amazons. 
It is unclear where the discourse lies, but some accounts suggest Andryren took her role as consort very seriously, truly believing the Rorj’golém to be a god among men and as such given greater respect than others of the Purple Sun. Some theories believe that Andryren perceived both Henen and Pyrar as viewing the Rorj’golém as any other man of stature, a concept that likely did not sit well with Andryren. In what can only be considered bickering accounts, history seems to accept that the Rorj’golém savored all of his consorts, but the bickering seems to be over how greatly to one side or the other did the Rorj’golém prefer them. 
The Veslis bloodline is still traceable, and highly regarded in the Tither’rïan history, whereas the Gurseifnfel bloodline has arguably the greatest reasons to feel unjustly looked upon historically. After the Rygem’dor War, a temple was erected at the closed pass of Genlindal, wherein the bodies of Henen and Pyrar were said to be buried and put to rest. However, common belief is that Andryren had the bodies exhumed and buried with the other Tither’rïan amazon dead rather than given a place of honor as a testament to their status. 
This has never been confirmed, nor has it been denied. What’s more, no historical account speaks of what happened to Andryren at her death. Though the consensus is to let the past remain buried, several hushed voices seem to want to find this temple to confirm or deny the claims to further either side of the bickering.

Return to Table of Contents
Pytine Terchored
Generally, the only archers mentioned at Thermotylus were those of distinction at the battle. It seems though that Pytine’s distinction was greater before the Rygem’dor War as a hunter and considered an expert shot. However, curiously, it seems Pytine’s skills were not limited to archery. She ended up in the phalanx lines by the second day, likely to help avoid running out of arrows too soon. This probably means the references to her hunting skills were both in her true aim with a bow and her combat expertise if they fell upon a rival state’s patrol and needed to defend themselves. Such was a common issue, even after the Tither'rïan amazons allied with Rostheromi, so Pytine’s dual skills should not be considered odd as much as a clear historical account of existing rather than being concocted in conjecture by assumptions.

Return to Table of Contents
Rezuin Hytlatulis
Before the Thermotylus, Rezuin was a very well known for battle. Several accounts speak of her numerous scars, likely resulting from hunting excursions and some of the known cases of amazons facing other city-state armies. By the time of the Rygem’dor War, Rezuin apparently was highly sought after by several Warriors of the Purple Sun for breeding greater warriors. Several amazons and Purple Sun warriors expressed regret that she died as early as she did in the battle, believing that someone of that proven bravery should have lived to fight longer. 

Return to Table of Contents
Selm Pimesum
Despite their number, most of the archers at Thermotylus are nameless in history. In distinction are women like Selm Pimesum who helped coordinate the archers and the laberyns to their greatest effect throughout the conflict. This distinction and that of being a vy’liryn, likely means Selm was originally a hunter and arguably was capable of incredible accuracy. She likely didn’t have an official rank, as most in Tither'rïan society did not have official titles. That she was a coordinator likely means far in advance of the Thermotylus battle she rightly earned her place as a leader. As such, many amazons since have tried their hardest to make sure such positions as coordinating the infantry and the archers are put in high regard among military posts. 

Return to Table of Contents
Shimm Naromtor
Historians are uncertain what rank amongst her peers stood Shimm, both because of the way her reported death at Thermotylus was detailed and for her extended consort to the a’tetherok, Thror Pithrand. That she was one of the few phalanx infantry with an extended consort is of less value to historians as her consort’s species. 
Historians can point to this known history and begin asking how often there was an interspecies relationship. Of the known consorts at this time, most maintain the same species. The only other examples of interspecies consorts are by Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar with his vy’liryn consort Omeip Jalwekam, the Rorj’golém and his consorts the Gurseifnfel twins, and the vy’liryn Seklor Koha with Kimam Wentalonm. This interspecies relationship is of historical significance less as a means of tackling interspecies prejudices today as much as the reasoning behind the act then. 
Many historians agree that since most known consorts were of the same species, the Tither'rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun likely were intentionally doing this to avoid diluting the strengths of each species with another. Possibly by the successes of the Rorj’golém and Rangthor’s children, the prospect of greater warriors became a statewide ideal. But for historians, the hope is to find a greater number of known interspecies consorts, or some surviving doctrine explaining a lack of them. Either would help explain the appearance of them later in history. 
However, with Shimm mentioned in high esteem, and her consort to Thror, it has been theorized that possibly the greater warriors became part of a breeding program to merge bloodlines of other species. This could mean she was an officer in the Tither'rïan ranks, since Thror did not get the same level of praise at his death as Shimm.

Return to Table of Contents
Soladanly Gifemdal
Very little is known about Soladanly except for a notation in history. In the records of the Battle of Thermotylus, Státin Xan’ledo is singled out amongst the other Warriors of the Purple Sun. It was his charge to keep watch over the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris, and evacuate him immediately if the battle seemed lost. Her name is a footnote in history by only one surviving document, stating that she was Státin’s consort and was near birth at the time of Thermotylus. As such she was not at Thermotylus. Considering the scarcity of records from this era, this makes Soladanly one of the few names known in the Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazon history not engaged in the Rygem’dor War. 

Return to Table of Contents
Stytine Ryndatum
History is unclear exactly how young Stytine was—or for that matter what the age difference between her and her extended consort U’oldiss Sobrand was—however it is accepted that she likely was young enough that she all but grew up in the change between completely separate Tither’rïan amazons and the alliance with Rostheromi. Likely the youth in this transition helped her to want to be a part of the Sal’jels which would become a joint military force between the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. 
It is in this military unit that she was introduced to U’oldiss, and eventually became his consort. Many have speculated about their relationship as he stayed her consort through three children, all daughters, and U’oldiss was considered a strict follower of the state. That they stayed together either speaks highly of her, hides his urge to wait until she bore a son, or perhaps signaled his willingness to resist even further change by having other consorts to breed with. 
By whatever means, when she stood with U’oldiss at Thermotylus for the nights of battle, it is generally considered that similar Sal’jel long-term consorts that accompanied them helped their considerably small army to accomplish the hazardous feats of the two nights along the Spartrakus shore. 

Return to Table of Contents
Terdal Meissaarn
Of the several known Sal’jels, the amazon Terdal has been accounted for at Thermotylus specifically for the first night of fighting. As such, historians know little about her beyond her apparent skill with the weapons of the Sal’jels. She seems to have been held in high enough regard to suggest she either trained the newer Sal’jels or was of a higher standard of skill than her peers. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vaipal Perrecard
Several amazons served with distinction at Thermotylus, both from the archers on the Crag and the women on the front lines of the phalanx. Among them, Vaipal was considered an emotional loss when she faced the pitch on the second day of battle. Little is actually known about her beyond apparently her ability to understand and ably train her amazon sisters in the tactics of phalanx warfare. Her comprehension of how and why these tactics were employed are considered by many amazons to be the foundation of training for generations to come, making sure every amazon understood the true nature of their training rather than a blind obedience to their leaders. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vim Fargem’dadine
Curiously, Vim is remembered both by a passage in Héro’daetïus’ accounts and a right pauldron. The right pauldron confirms one key aspect of Vim not confirmed by Héro’daetïus: she was part of their infantry. Héro’daetïus only mentions her in the loxodont ride at the Battle of Thermotylus. That alone present prestige, but her status as a heavy infantry soldier places her as one of the best amazons in the phalanx fighting styles and one of the greater warriors. By this knowledge, it is reasonable to assume her place in amazon society allowed her top pick of the male warriors to breed with. From some surviving accounts, the infantry were considered on equal standing with the Warriors of the Purple Sun’s phalanx. This places her in a special aspect of history wherein the Tither’rïan amazons were beginning to become equal warriors in the eyes of Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Yau Foreckogal
Several amazons followed the example of Elaisegen in being empathetic to the young daughters of Tither’rïan rather than strictly harsh punishments. Among them, Yau is considered one of the more prominent names for training young amazons both in the bow and the spear, for either hunting or warfare respectively. We know she survived to the third day of battle at Thermotylus, moving from the archery auxiliary to the front lines when arrows became less available. Several accounts from similarly minded amazons spoke of Yau hoping her daughter would similarly be as brave as she sought to be on the battle lines. 

Return to Table of Contents
Yein Tilmesen
After campaigns by fellow aerial fliers, Yein managed to join her comrades at Thermotylus, despite being primarily used as defenders of the Tither’rïan Mountains. Very little is definitively known about Yein, beyond a very long bloodline with the Tither’rïan amazons. She and her fellow amazon a’tetheroks did manage to impress their wingless male counterparts in the infantry. Though there was little doubt to their prowess, since the Tither’rïan amazons were as fierce about warfare as Rostheromi, it was always in question how well the aerial defenders could truly be. Even in her death on the second day of battle, Yein—like many others—proved they could be deadly auxiliaries in war and deserved to be remembered and used when possible. 

Return to Table of Contents
Yoryrly Fohotar
Few historians disagree on the impact of the Sal’jels at Thermotylus. Among them, the various Tither’rïan amazons within the Sal’jels managed to help maintain the consistent barrage of nighttime assaults that made it difficult for the Rygem’dor army to sleep or gain any sense of calm. Scattered accounts of the dead at Thermotylus tell of several Sal’jel combatants that died at the first night of battle. It is only through these accounts that the name of Yoryrly first comes to light. 
All that is truly known about her is her caracanrei heritage and the fact that she was a Sal’jel. This would likely mean that she was a capable warrior, likely chosen because of her various attributes as a caracanrei. That she was at Thermotylus similarly suggests great skill and mothering at least one daughter.

Warriors of the Purple Sun
Return to Table of Contents
Andind Sestkolkor
When history recalls the sinking of the Rygem’dor jyliset named the Calr’Zaid, the reference to the Calr’Zaid doesn’t truly tell who caused it. Only in the history of Rostheromi do the names of the Sal’jels responsible come to light. Among them was Andind, a Sal’jel whose name now stands in reverence for the bravery he and his fellow Sal’jels must have shown to take on such a task as sinking not one but two jylisets in the first night of battle at Thermotylus. 
It is widely implied through historical sources that this task of commandeering the Calr’Zaid had a high mortality rate, with the men charged to accomplish it likely knowing they were embarking on a suicidal mission. As such, despite knowing next to nothing about any of the men, they live on as martyrs of the Sal’jels and of the glorious ideals of Rostheromi’s expectations of a warrior. 

Return to Table of Contents
Ategem Jidalurg
By the time of his glorious death at the Battle of Thermotylus, Ategem had already established himself as a great warrior. Already he’d been a trainer of the next wave of soldiers for decades, instilling the harsh disciplines of the Purple Sun with great success. His name is mentioned as one of the prominent Warriors of the Purple Sun that had lingering oppositions to an alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons, a definite product of his times. 
However, as Rostheromi solidified friendly relations and instituted the act of consorts, Ategem followed his duty to the state by accepting temporary amazon consorts to breed strong warriors. By this, he continued to fulfill his duty to the state, but it is said he did so with disdain. It is not known whether or not Ategem ever accepted the amazons in the same standing as his Purple Sun brethren or if he maintained the animosity of his generation that bore creation to the Sal’jels. 
Whatever his personal feelings, it is clear that to the end of his life, Ategem served the will of Rostheromi, garnering him legendary status among his ranks for how to conduct your personal feelings and showcasing loyalties to the state.

Return to Table of Contents
Calól Unaldor
Though his is a quick reference, the caracanrei warrior known as Calól Unaldor seems to have been a very capable Warrior of the Purple Sun. He is referenced after his death on the second day of battle at Thermotylus for his leadership abilities. In the reference it is said he commanded the phalanx excursion that moved out to retrieve the loxodont riders on the first morning of battle, meaning likely that Calól was adept at maintaining order and discipline in the ranks. This seems to be the correct sentiment as it appears his death caught many warriors at Thermotylus as a grievous one, possibly due to the knowledge of needing someone to fill the role of leading the phalanx lines. 

Return to Table of Contents
Canam Rezrandar
It is believed that Canam was a rather “standard” Warrior of the Purple Sun, if there is truly a standard Purple Sun mold. Most scholars account for soldiers like Canam that survived to the third day by stating that such survivors earned recognition for surviving so long. Beyond this, Canam seems like many warriors who survived to the third day of Thermotylus that are remembered mostly for surviving the harrowing first two days, with little distinction on who similarly survived the final day of battle. As such it is debatable how many of the listed Purple Sun actually survived the final day’s battle. 

Return to Table of Contents
Casliram Hytsen
When history recalls the sinking of the Rygem’dor jyliset named the Calr’Zaid, the reference to the Calr’Zaid doesn’t truly tell who caused it. Only in the history of Rostheromi do the names of the Sal’jels responsible come to light. Among them was Casliram, a Sal’jel whose name now stands in reverence for the bravery he and his fellow Sal’jels must have shown to take on such a task as sinking not one but two jylisets in the first night of battle at Thermotylus. 
It is widely implied through historical sources that this task of commandeering the Calr’Zaid had a high mortality rate, with the men charged to accomplish it likely knowing they were embarking on a suicidal mission. As such, despite knowing next to nothing about any of the men, they live on as martyrs of the Sal’jels and of the glorious ideals of Rostheromi’s expectations of a warrior. 

Return to Table of Contents
Crotine Kenam
Crotine seems one of several Warriors of the Purple Sun who survived to the third day of battle at Thermotylus. Beyond this, Crotine is not remembered in any prior history, making him a soldier that did not warrant distinction in earlier battles or a soldier still lost in the sands of time. There is hope that such men like Crotine exist in other historical documents left to be found. Until such time, Crotine rests like many soldiers as part of the core of the Purple Sun that survived to the third morning. When he died, be it during that third day or from wounds after will likely be difficult to ever find out. 

Return to Table of Contents
Cytor Vrdat
Among the names of the Purple Sun warriors who were part of the loxodont charge on the first day of battle at Thermotylus, Cytor is listed as an initial survivor. This distinction of “initial” has led many to speculate that Cytor retained wounds from the battle back to the Rostheromi phalanx which he later succumbed to. Since he is not mentioned further, it is generally accepted that Cytor was among the few loxodont riders to survive the initial assault and among those too wounded to live long beyond it. Whether he survived long enough to return to the front lines for a final attack is uncertain, but most speculation agree he likely did not.  

Return to Table of Contents
Daextine Terrangol
History records Daextine as one of the survivors at Thermotylus, an a’tetherok known through history for his leadership skills and stalwart phalanx skills. Rostheromi’s recollection of Daextine seems to indicate a high rank among his Purple Sun peers. He is often referred in the same breath as the Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar, likely indicating he was often at a position of authority. 
Historical records of anyone during this time are scant, but it seems likely Daextine may have been in a leadership role over the various a’tetheroks in the Purple Sun. Though many historians are sure that the Warriors of the Purple Sun were fully integrated, it is believed at least at this point in their history, the Warriors of the Purple Sun likely had officers like Daextine to help regulate the various species and keep them from possibly not adhering to the orders of the overall nelledotor. 
This theory strongly suggests, at least by historians, that the earliest part of Rostheromi’s history of subjugating conquered nations likely wasn’t completely controlled, and only until later did the Warriors of the Purple Sun truly believe they were of one mind. 

Return to Table of Contents
Dayam Paldur
Dayam is considered by most historians to be one of the leaders of the Sal’jels, though his actual rank is unknown. A random account described him as having a dark brown face. Ordinarily this would be an overlooked feature, but for many historians, this skin tone is a telltale of the numerous cultures assimilated violently by Rostheromi. It is through such people as Dayam that historians hope to glean insight into the formation of Rostheromi. For the family lines that look back, his culture’s history is of little concern. They instead focus more on the Sal’jels involvement at Thermotylus and Dayam as one of those warriors elevated to near-mythic status. 

Return to Table of Contents
Do’lath Ti’win
The Purple Sun was not known for its harpies, like their amazon allies. Instead, most harpies were part of Rostheromi’s lesser army, charged with protecting the mountainous city-state of Rostheromi more than marching out to other lands. Do’lath was one of a few harpies in history to gain status as a Warrior of the Purple Sun. In fact, historically Purple Sun harpies were closer to nelledotors in the standard phalanx army, guiding the efforts of the standing guard at Rostheromi in case of a need to defend the cities. 
When the forces of Rygem’dor were diverted to Thermotylus, Do’lath and other aerial fighters knew they could use the wind shears at the Thermotylus Crag to their advantage. It is said Do’lath was part of several Purple Sun harpies and amazon a’tetheroks and harpies to vie for position at Thermotylus and hold off the Rygem’dor army. Such marks one of the few times the Purple Sun harpies ever saw combat far from Rostheromi and one of the last known battles they faced.
Historically, it is unclear whether Do’lath died on the second day of battle at Thermotylus or the third. It is known that an arrow barrage decimated the combined aerial army and Do’lath survived with arrow wounds, but it is questionable when he died of his wound or if he incurred more later. 

Return to Table of Contents
Du'thail Wardes
The Sal’jels have stood in history laced in mysticism and often overly celebrated for feats that are hard to prove. Tales and legends of Sal’jels permeate current Asiér’rïan society, but most can be considered fictitious. One account that has birthed the myriad of others is decidedly true, however. Names like Du’thail Wardes are associated with the Sal’jels that stood at Thermotylus and became nightmares for the Rygem’dor army for two nights amidst the staggering three-day siege. 
Historians know names like Du’thail from the surviving accounts which are a mixture of praise and remorse for those who survived and those who died. Evidence is clear that Du’thail was part of the Sal’jels on the first night which devastated the Rygem’dor navy, but his history is quite lacking beyond this. 
Accounts speak of some manner of hesitation in the Sal’jels’ battle plans. This left many Sal’jels engaged in battle far longer than they wanted. Additionally, accounts speak of the Rorj’golém trying to provide enough time for the Sal’jels to get clear of the navy before he destroyed them. It is estimated that between those killed in battle and those who could not get clear in time, the Sal’jels were themselves heavily hit. Du’thail’s lack of further history seems to indicate he either died in combat or by the Rorj’golém, and likely did not face the Rygem’dor army on the second night of battle. 

Return to Table of Contents
Fal'talon Ruriand
Some Sal’jels mentioned in historical accounts only appear in reference to the second night of battle at Thermotylus. Usually the greatest amount of recognition is in reference to the first night, wherein the Rygem’dor’s navy was decimated. Some Sal’jels seemed to have made an impression more for the second night wherein many Rygem’dor officers were killed. This is likely because only Rygem’dor truly knew the true devastating scope the deaths of their officers resonated with after that this second night of battle, and without that knowledge the second night was less considered as great a success as the first night to the Rostheromi phalanx. 
Fal’talon specifically is recalled for entering into battle with numerous wounds form the first night. Over the course of time, the true effect of the second night’s battle has gained the proper recognition. As such, soldiers like Fal’talon which are known to have been involved are put to a high standard in Rostheromi history. 

Return to Table of Contents
Firil Hilas
Several military scholars questioned a tactic in the second day of battle at Thermotylus. Several volunteers were stationed amidst propped up dead. These volunteers were meant to take advantage of any disorientation Rygem’dor soldiers would face when they tried to fight through the phalanx of corpses. Among these volunteers was Firil, for which he is most remembered historically. 
It is argued that the volunteers were a foolhardy band of fighters and possibly were being punished by being placed where they were without any living phalanx to protect them, but such a claim ignores much of Rostheromi’s history. Indeed the Warriors of the Purple Sun were masters of terrorizing their opponents physically and mentally, proving time and again that fear was often a far greater weapon than solely the spear or sword. 
The volunteers in the Battle of Thermotylus are held in high esteem by surviving accounts, a small cadre of soldiers brave enough to risk dying alone so they could sow seeds of fear and doubt in the minds of Rygem’dor. Though their effect did not immediately turn Rygem’dor away, it is very likely that the cumulative effect of so many terrorizing battle tactics like the volunteers that eventually birthed the full retreat at the end of the third day of fighting. 

Return to Table of Contents
Folir Elachi
Of the known names by the third day of Thermotylus, Folir of the Warriors of the Purple Sun was certainly alive by the end of the battle. When he died is still a matter of conjecture. There are several historians that believe since several like Folir were not mentioned as survivors, they likely died before the final phalanx push. 

Return to Table of Contents
Forber Jyl’keyem
Only truly known as a Sal’jel involved in the second night of battle at Thermotylus, Forber’s name is one of a few which only exist as a participant in the beach attack of the second night. To do this, Forber would have had to have survived the first night of attack. A partial name, obscured by the damaged ledgers of the surviving text, possibly points to Forber being one of the Sal’jels who helped in the laberyn assault the first night of battle. If this is the case, the only true battle Forber faced at Thermotylus was the second day, which might explain why he is specifically named at that point. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gedine Daedel
Gedine is recorded in his involvement at Thermotylus, specifically his attempts to get his fellow Sal’jels off of the Rygem’dor boats before the Rorj’golém destroyed the fleet. The accounts seem to attest to him dying in this act. Likely, Gedine spent his time between keeping himself alive and rushing his fellow Sal’jels off the boats to safety, becoming caught up in the time it took to do so and dying in the blast before he could get clear as well. 
Similarly it is possible that Gedine’s attention thus divided that he could have died before the final blast. Several historians prefer the latter view, as it removes the possible guilt of the Rorj’golém killing his own soldiers, even though none of the Sal’jels ever envisioned this as a fault by the Rorj’golém, especially due to his attempts to wait well-beyond his limits. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gomdrol Trithaith
Even though most of the Sal’jels at Thermotylus are still vastly unknown, of the known names warriors like Gomdrol are held in near mythic proportions. Anyone capable of claiming lineage to Sal’jels like Gomdrol hold themselves to a high standard. Historically, we know that Gomdrol was part of the second night of attack. Any consorts, children, or the manner of his eventual death is universally unknown. Still, the manner of the Sal’jels’ involvement at Thermotylus has become such that current generations feel as though they know the Sal’jels as if they were but a generation away rather than centuries. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jedivo Tilin
Mentioned firstly in the loxodont ride during the morning of the battle at Thermotylus, Jedivo is again recounted in history as a survivor of the mythical battle. In as much as historians can derive, Jedivo seemed to become field promoted several times, helping to lead phalanx lines and maintain the discipline of the ranks. That he survived is likely both by luck as much as skill. 
Most of the historical record regarding Jedivo is by his four sons and six daughters’ accounts. Of these, only that Jedivo was a great warrior can truly be ascertained. All of the stories and accounts beyond his stand at Thermotylus are subject to a critical eye, both by the conflicting accounts and by the likely elevation of his status by his kin. As such, Jedivo is a figurehead in Thermotylus history, though how much by his true actions and how much by fictitious accounts is still in question.  

Return to Table of Contents
Kanok Tekfin
As one of the few harpies at Rostheromi given Purple Sun status over the regular standing army status of his brethren, Kanok could have remained at Rostheromi as the perennial guard, basking in the festivals and taking up a new consort. That said, he—like most of the harpies—learned of the Rygem’dor forces and wanted to stand like the other Purple Sun warriors by meeting Rygem’dor at Thermotylus. To sit back, by many harpies’ beliefs was a ground for being called a trembler. 
Such an argument, as well as the swell in volunteerism by the harpies and a’tetheroks from the Tither’rïan amazons, helped supplement the intended forces with another dimension in fighting to further the attempts at staving off an invasion. Like many of the aerial army, Kanok died in the second day of fighting, but not before instilling a lingering fear of the types of forces invading armies would have to face from the Tither’rïan amazons and Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Oakel Jenkira
Surviving to the third day of battle at Thermotylus could be considered a mixed blessing. Between the heavy losses and the debilitating injuries, those like Oakel that survived to stand as the final jagged phalanx were a mixed bag of injuries. Still there is something to be said about those that survived long enough to die the third day. 
Many historians wonder what manner of conviction those warriors needed to fight after so many of their fellow soldiers were killed around them. For many that study Thermotylus, soldiers like Oakel are a breed apart from other historical figures. That they were willing to stand and fight amidst it all is still considered remarkable by many military historians. 

Return to Table of Contents
Pired Norsertine
To say the Sal’jels were great soldiers simplifies the revered mythology of soldiers like Pired. Listed among the various Sal’jels who attacked the Rygem’dor navy under the cover of darkness, soldiers like Pired became an army of legend. Despite few surviving accounts of these soldiers prior to their nights of battle, any of the Sal’jels who were known, even by name, blessed upon their bloodlines a higher status than most. 
Though most of the stories of these Sal’jels are fabricated, few can deny the bloodlines that run back to the battle of Thermotylus. Any that can trace their bloodlines back to such soldiers as Pired consider themselves the bearers of a standard set by those soldiers, and the weight of such heroism remains a burden to stand up beneath it. 

Return to Table of Contents
Pota'muin Xanmis
History recalled Pota’muin’s name as a volunteer on the second day of battle at Thermotylus. Standing in the thick of the Rygem’dor lines, sheltered by propped up dead, Pota’muin like other volunteers had to do their best to survive while instilling fear in Rygem’dor. This tactic seems to have worked as many survivors from the third day of battle remarked at Rygem’dor’s careful pace through the dead phalanx set up the third morning. Though few volunteers survived the second day or battle for long, they gained a status in Thermotylus history as some of the bravest soldiers in the Purple Sun since none were trained like the Sal’jels for solo combat and yet all were willing to do their part in forcing fear into Rygem’dor’s ranks. 

Return to Table of Contents
Qua'rak Trianthal
Quietly Qua’rak’s history is defined in the lore of the Purple Sun. Before he was part of the volunteers on the second day of Thermotylus, a position in the battle now lofty in stature of the level of bravery displayed, he has been identified as a soldier in several campaigns though he never seemed to make much of a large impact on Rostheromi’s history until Thermotylus. This likely meant he was a dependable soldier in the Purple Sun, but never sought out attention. By whatever means of his life, be it to stand tall as a Warrior of the Purple Sun, or to be a disciplined soldier that would be depended and relied upon consistently, he gained a near-mythological standing as a volunteer, showcasing a measure of courage that all Purple Sun warriors wish they had opportunity to similarly show.

Return to Table of Contents
Ralen Dil
Among the Sal’jels, those charged with sinking the jylisets at Thermotylus are considered of the greatest caliber—primarily for their unwillingness to back away from the near-suicidal mission—the vy’liryn Ralen Dil was likely considered one of the best at close combat among his Sal’jel peers. This assumption is made mostly on the choice to have Sal’jels like Ralen specifically chosen for the jyliset attack. It is by this account that many assumptions are made of the five Sal’jels at Thermotylus. Such accounts seem to suggest those choice Sal’jels were well-established warriors long before Thermotylus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar
History has many facets of information regarding Rangthor Renthar. He has been painted as everything from an avatar of the god of war, Tôgaru’kar, to the greatest military genius in history. Much of Rangthor’s history is up for debate, and all of his history before the Rygem’dor War is virtually non-existent. It has been up to his peers’ accounts, the histories of Héro’daetïus, and whatever historical accounts match up that his current make-up is understood by modern historians. 
We know that he was the nelledotor of the Warriors of the Purple Sun at the beginning of the Rygem’dor War. As such, he likely had proven his military prowess in several battles long before the war. Some accounts say he led the Warriors of the Purple Sun to double the size of Rostheromi. If this is true, it would stand to reason he’d faced enough battles and had enough successes that his military rank would be assured. 
At the time of the Rygem’dor War, Rostheromi had entered into an alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons. This alliance was supported by Rangthor openly. Several of his peers before the Rygem’dor War thought his support meant he did not believe Rostheromi could defeat the Tither’rïan amazons. Historically, this was a military issue Rostheromi had tried to grapple with for decades. Rangthor likely knew as Rostheromi knew that an incursion into the Tither’rïan Mountains would not suit their battle style and the Tither’rïan amazons would have the greatest advantage. 
For all of his early detractors, Rangthor’s status was apparently well-established in the Tither’rïan amazon society. With the ritualized consorts of amazons and Warriors of the Purple Sun, it was decided that warriors of distinction would gain a different privilege. Since amazons could not birth multiple times like men, amazons of distinction were brought into joint consorts with individual warriors of distinction to breed the greatest warrior generations. 
It should be noted that Rangthor had two long-standing consorts: the amazon military leader, Kyrrest Tsfirfin, and the vy’liryn archer auxiliary leader, Omeip Jalwekam. Both were strong leaders of their respective aspects in the Tither’rïan military, and as such their coexistence as his extended consorts proves historically that Rangthor was truly a man of distinction in his day. By the time of the Rygem’dor War, Rangthor had engaged in a third extended consort with Elaisegen Ulafinal, a key member of amazon society. It is in this third union that many historians debate if another battle took place to warrant him being considered even greater, whether his children with his consorts were considered so capable that the Tither’rïan amazons and Rostheromi sought to breed more of his bloodline, or if it was in response to the trio of consorts Sethrin Thenris had. 
The early rulings of consorts at this point in time were often changing, and it is likely some took exception to Sethrin Thenris breeding with three amazons and nothing similar occurring with Rangthor. In terms of providing the greatest army, certainly this would have been considered an issue if Rangthor was considered even half as important as history suggests. Regardless of the reasoning, by the time of the Rygem’dor War, Rangthor was a consort to three of the leaders in the Tither’rïan amazon society, and with them formed the greatest stand in recorded history. 
Rangthor showed his genius by sending Sethrin to close up the pass at Genlindal and forcing the advancing Rygem’dor army to make landfall at Thermotylus. There, with his severely small army, Rangthor could maintain a phalanx army and plug up the only viable route into Rostheromi. For three days and two nights of constant warfare, Rangthor consulted and sued everything in his arsenal. The Tither’rïan archers, their winged aerial assaults, booby traps, psychological warfare, pitch, fire, Sethrin, the Sal’jels, everything. The result of using all aspects of his small army was a devastating blow to the Rygem’dor army, forcing their enemies into a retreat and a long sojourn to find another route into Rostheromi. 
Wounds would force Rangthor to amputate his right arm as he took a much larger army to face Rygem’dor and finish the job he started at Thermotylus. History is hazy as to when he died. Beyond one mention of the amputation and leaving to face the Rygem’dor army, Rangthor seems to disappear from the historical record. We know for certain that two of his consorts, Elaisegen and Omeip, did not survive Thermotylus—with Omeip dying after the battle from arrow wounds—leaving in question what happened to Kyrrest, who also fades from the historical record. 
Many militaries today use Rangthor’s tactics to teach their future officers, trying to instill an understanding that tactics and better preparations can overcome even the greatest of adversities. As such, regardless of his final fate, Rangthor continues to live on in the memory of historians and students alike. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rod’ler Vondil
Among the few to initially survive the Battle of Thermotylus—before succumbing to a myriad of internal injuries several weeks later—Rod’ler historically stands as one of Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar’s best soldiers just as he sits in history as an example of the value of extended consorts. Rod’ler maintained a long consort with Ayerrlor Eyopor, fathering several sons and daughters long before Thermotylus. Their relation, it is believed, threatened to inspire outright marriages rather than maintaining the separation of amazon and Purple Sun warriors to continue to earn the right to breed. 
Regardless of their dubious reputation—positive and negative—Rod’ler and Ayerrlor are recounted through the ages as examples of the greater strength gained by fighting beside your consort rather than solely beside your fellow warriors. When Ayerrlor made her final stand amidst a wounded phalanx on the first day of battle, the effect on Rod’ler seems to convey an aggressive rage that carried him through the remainder of the battle. It’s unknown how many he killed, but many accounts speak of how he couldn’t kill enough Rygem’dor tribesmen to revenge Ayerrlor to his heart’s content. Such warrior rage has since been considered a boon for both amazons and Purple Sun warriors to have in battle. 

Return to Table of Contents
Seklor Koha
As a Sal’jel, Seklor’s status in history is already well-known. The Sal’jels were raised to a mythical status after Thermotylus, and any known names of those at the battle came into legend. We know that he had an extended consort with the amazon, Kimam Wentalonm. Extended consorts seemed to flourish easier in the Sal’jels, but to historians this particular consorting has become a historical practice of examination. 
Most known consorts were the same species, but Kimam as a human and Seklor as a vy’liryn stands against this. The only other examples of interspecies consorts are by Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar with his vy’liryn consort Omeip Jalwekam, the Rorj’golém and his consorts the Gurseifnfel twins, and the a’tetherok Thror Pithrand with Shimm Naromtor. This has put the pair of Seklor and Kimam in great debate, wondering if there were more interspecies consorts that simply have yet to find their way into modern historical accounts. As such, it is unknown if he and Kimam are an anomaly as consorts or an anomaly in being recorded historically.  

Return to Table of Contents
Sethrin Thenris, the Rorj’golém
Few historical figures are as prominent as the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris. His is considered one of the first avatars of the goddess of magic, Lampetia, the first to create golems, the scourge of Rygem’dor, the greatest Sal’jel warrior, and the pupil to Voram and Gantradi Tydallyn. All of this is well said and good, but most scholars hear these stories and are quick to dismiss them for facts. Surprisingly, the facts all seem to be true. 
The Rorj’golém’s history is most prominent at the Rygem’dor War. It is then that he truly proves his prowess in battle and manages to become a nightmare for Rygem’dor families for generations to come. At this point in time, Hessera only seemed to document three definite cases of magic users: the leader of Rostheromi, Voram Tydallyn, his son Gantradi Tydallyn, and their pupil, Sethrin Thenris. A possible fourth candidate was the Oracle of Delpharïis, but nothing confirms this conjecture. That said, Sethrin seemed to frequent Delpharïis and in particular the Husyra’Lampétunís that the Oracle resided in. We know he did this to pay respect and gain guidance from the goddess of magic, but some accounts speak of unknown ulterior motives. 
Sethrin was an astute pupil to Voram and Gantradi, learning and building upon what they knew to gain a mythical status among the people of Rostheromi. Arguably his greatest achievement in history though was his golems. The Rorj’golém translates into the “god of golems,” which has been used in tandem with Sethrin’s name ever since he first began experimenting with the creatures. It is because of his success at creating humanoid golems, even rudimentary ones, that later generations of mages would devote their entire lives to creating far more complex golems; many go even so far as to pray to the Rorj’golém for guidance on making a better golem. 
The golems are what truly set Sethrin apart from other historical figures. When the Sal’jels were first created, Sethrin became a part of the core group, wanting to experiment with golem armies and subterfuge among other psychological tactics. His golems helped as sparring practice for the early Sal’jels, preparing the experimental army for their intended target: the Tither’rïan amazons. 
Before the Sal’jels could perfect their tactics, the Tither’rïan amazons brokered a peace treaty with Rostheromi, effectively ending the build up to imminent war. Sethrin apparently would not allow the Sal’jels to fade away into oblivion. To counteract the lack of need for such a group, Sethrin helped barter in amazon warriors to help develop the tactical army. This was both under the context of permanently unifying the two sides with a combined army and to further create the tactics that would make the Sal’jels legendary. 
It is by no stretch of the imagination that Sethrin kept the Sal’jel army alive despite the common use of the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the standing infantry of the Tither’rïan amazons. In the middle of this, the Tither’rïan amazons recognized the strength of the Rorj’golém and sought to generate future warriors of his magical strength as quickly as possible. So saying, Sethrin’s initial consort with Andryren Veslis—the amazon Sal’jel leader—was later supplemented by the Gurseifnfel twins, Henen and Pyrar. 
Andryren had a hand apparently in the choice of his other consorts, reasoning that a caracanrei with the Rorj’golém’s strength would be a boon to either army. Regardless of the reasons for the choice, the Rorj’golém maintained long consorts with all three amazons, another bartered argument from Andryren to consider breeding with the Rorj’golém a sacred honor, not to be trifled away to just anyone. 
All of this built up to what would become the Rorj’golém’s finest hour in history. At the beginning of the Rygem’dor War, word was sent to Rostheromi that the Rygem’dor army was attempting to cross the Spartrakus Sea and attack Henopred from behind. Rostheromi pledged support, but only a small number of its soldiers since there were festivals already in play when news arrived. Sethrin was one of the chosen soldiers, likely at the urging of Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar, the overall leader of the military that’d be fighting Rygem’dor. 
Knowing the Rygem’dor fleet was bound for the fishing town of Genlindal and the wide mountain pass beyond, Rangthor knew his small force would be overrun. To counter this, Rangthor ordered Sethrin to Genlindal to close up the pass. What happened next has become the stuff of legend, myth, nightmares, and campfire tales. The Rorj’golém made a final trip to Delpharïis, then departed for Genlindal. There he set loose an army of rudimentary golems against the Rygem’dor army before blasting apart the mountains flanking the Genlindal pass. This seems preposterous, but enough reputable accounts verify the claim, leaving many scholars of history and of magic to wonder just how powerful the Rorj’golém truly was. 
As Rygem’dor set about to make landfall at Thermotylus several days later, Sethrin was hurried to the awaiting Rostheromi army already at Thermotylus. By all accounts, Sethrin’s involvement at Thermotylus was far more damaging psychologically than it was physically. Working with the military leaders, he and his Sal’jels fought the Rygem’dor army at night. 
In the first night of the prolonged battle, Sethrin showed he was present to Rygem’dor by vaporizing most of its navy after the Sal’jels had begun stealing, smashing, and burning ships. The Sal’jels further attacked the Rygem’dor camp the second night, effectively stopping all attempts at sleep. It is said when Sethrin attacked at the end of the third day of battle, Rygem’dor’s soldiers knew golems would soon appear, and the demon of Rostheromi was definitely on the battlefield. 
Several scholars wish to solely attribute Rostheromi’s win at Thermotylus to Sethrin, but most are willing to agree that Sethrin would not have had the same impact if he hadn’t the force of arms surrounding him as the Warriors of the Purple Sun, the Tither’rïan amazons, and his Sal’jels. In the end, he may take credit as the demon of Rygem’dor’s nightmares—whom Rygem’dor folk tales speak of giving demonic strength to the Purple Sun warriors and who controlled demons of the ground and of the shadows—but Rostheromi history suggests the toll on Sethrin for accomplishing his psychological warfare all but killed him. Most haunting to Sethrin apparently was a lament he made to Andryren of being too weak to have helped his Sal’jels in the second night of battle; a fact compounded by the loss of one of his consorts, Pyrar Gurseifnfel. 
Sethrin refused having a new consort assigned, losing Henen Gurseifnfel in Henopred. In tandem to this, Voram Tydallyn’s concubine, Pi’dine Keem, had died in childbirth. Such had grief-stricken Voram that he’d begun searching through the Black magics in an attempt to resurrect his lost love. Sethrin joined his pursuit, trying to help experiment with every spell concocted. 
Sethrin suffered a grim death in the midst of experimenting with the Sphere of Darkness. It is said that when Voram finally conceded he was personally unable to resurrect Pi’dine, he sealed himself away in a tomb with his concubine. The tomb then was supposedly guarded ceremonially by the fallen Warriors of the Purple Sun and the dead Tither’rïan amazons. Massive pits were said to have been dug, with ancient bodies from the Rygem’dor War exhumed and re-interred near the tomb to stand guard eternally. 
Following this legend, apparently when the Sphere of Darkness was stolen from Voram’s tomb and used to destroy swaths of life on Hessera, Sethrin’s remains were brought to the tomb to stand guard. According to myth, Sethrin’s spirit was cursed to inhabit his dead body. If someone dared to open the tomb once again, the Rorj’golém is said to wake at its defense and unleash the fallen warriors of Rostheromi upon whomever dared to do it. 

Return to Table of Contents
Státin Xan’ledo
Though it was widely looked upon as a necessity both then and now, Státin Xan’ledo never enjoyed what he considered the dubious honor of safeguarding the Rorj’golém. At first glance from some accounts, Státin almost seems to dislike the idea of the Rorj’golém or that safeguarding him was beneath the warrior’s status. However further accounts and further documentation brings to light a better side to Státin in this matter. 
Though he is summed up quickly in the history of the Battle of Thermotylus, Státin’s role at maintaining the Rorj’golém’s safety was not taken lightly, nor was it scoffed at. Numerous accounts held both the Rorj’golém and Státin in high regard for their roles at Thermotylus. The Rorj’golém was regarded as one of the greatest assets of Rostheromi and in his weakened state at Thermotylus, losing him to battle would be tantamount to giving victory over Asiér’rïan to Rygem’dor. Simply put: Státin’s status to hurry the Rorj’golém out of the battle was a tactical necessity to ensure Rostheromi’s overall victory after Thermotylus. 
After Rygem’dor was forced back from Thermotylus, history only recalls Státin taking the Rorj’golém back to Rostheromi to recover fully. From there, Státin disappears from the historical record. It is assumed he returned to the military ranks of the Purple Sun for the remainder of the war, though whether he survived the war or not remains in question. Through a footnote in history—and the tradition of sons bearing their father’s blood name and daughters bearing their mother’s blood name—it is known that Státin’s consort, Soladanly Gifemdal, did birth at least one child of each sex, as both of their blood names exist to this day. 

Return to Table of Contents
Styten B’delest
As a loxodont rider and a father of four sons, Styten’s spot at Thermotylus was assured. Some accounts say he was a quiet warrior, accepting the will of the state as a universal order to be followed, offering no quarter of dissent. Even after his loxodont charge, with his left shoulder shattered, it is said Styten fought ferociously, unwilling to concede anything to Rygem’dor without killing as many as he could in the process. Such valor often was cited by Thermotylus soldiers as added inspiration to endure the pitch and fight to the bitter end. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sulour Riutu
Despite a known history as a loxodont rider and a very capable soldier, Sulour almost was not sent to Thermotylus. Had the Rygem’dor War began even a year earlier, Sulour would have still been involved in the festivals as he had not yet fulfilled his duty to Rostheromi by birthing a son with any of his consorts. He became part of an extended consort with Fora’tine Xi’indirs, which birthed at least two daughters until finally he fathered a son. This son then meant he had fulfilled his duties to the state after years of exemplary service in the Warriors of the Purple Sun, and condemned him to fight at Thermotylus. 
Some accounts state that he would have tried to volunteer for the battle even if he’d never born a son because his consort would be there. Sulour’s standing in the Purple Sun and his willingness to stand beside his consort at the most perilous time has been repeatedly echoed by later generations of Purple Sun warriors that believe standing in war with their brethren, consorts, and allies was as significant a duty to the state as birthing children. For many, warriors like Sulour stand as the truest form of the Purple Sun, prepared to die for the state and preserve all aspects of the state ahead of maintaining their family lines. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tekar Atirianm
One of the few Warriors of the Purple Sun to survive the three days of Thermotylus, the caracanrei is less known for his species or for his accomplishment of surviving as he is for his long-term consort Loraust Rumoruord. After both survived the third day of battle—and were being attended to in several infirmaries along the way to Rostheromi—Loraust remarked at how seeing Tekar every day of battle helped calm her nerves and allowed her greater strength to face the assaults to come. Tekar echoed this sentiment, which has since been repeatedly used as a catalyst by later generations to stave off the abolishment of long-term consorts. 
Beyond this however, both Tekar and Loraust are mostly unknown figures, vaulted to historical status by surviving Thermotylus more so than any individual accomplishments. It’s similarly unknown to what extent the couple were able to breed, since generations and centuries of consorts have shuffled their bloodlines in such a way that distinguishing which children now might have been from their particular consort is next to impossible to discern.

Return to Table of Contents
Tekt Meldirt
Tekt is one of the few known casualties of the first night of battle at Thermotylus. Apparently, Tekt was considered one of the better Sal’jels, certainly he was qualified to train the newer Sal’jels before the Rygem’dor War. Such honorable mention has made Tekt’s death among the greater losses overall for further generations of warriors. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tendel Cankinda
Since he was not listed as a participant on the third day of battle, and Tendel was explicitly singled out as part of the three Sal’jels commanding laberyn archers during the first night, Tendel is likely one of the few Sal’jels that can be considered a casualty of the second night at Thermotylus. Due to the nature of the Sal’jel’s attacks, though there is little information to glean on Tendel’s past, he is considered a part of the greatest show of true Rostheromi ideals: that of the true warriors and their unflinching resolve in the face of danger. 

Return to Table of Contents
Thror Pithrand
Though Thror’s accomplishment of lasting to the third day of Thermotylus would ordinarily gain him some level of prestige in history, his extended consort to Shimm Naromtor overshadows that military stand. Historically, Thror is barely a footnote in history, with only a vague detail that points to his interspecies consort to Shimm. As such, historians widely assume Thror was not considered an officer in the Purple Sun, or at least if he was records have yet to surface to state such. It does seem that Shimm was of high rank in the Tither'rïan amazons, which brings Thror back into the spotlight. 
Many historians can point to this known history and begin asking how often there was an interspecies relationship. Of the known consorts at this time, most maintain the same species. The only other examples of interspecies consorts are by Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar with his vy’liryn consort Omeip Jalwekam, the Rorj’golém and his consorts the Gurseifnfel twins, and the vy’liryn Seklor Koha with Kimam Wentalonm. This interspecies relationship is of historical significance less as a means of tackling interspecies prejudices today as much as the reasoning behind the act then. 
Many historians agree that since most known consorts were of the same species, the Tither'rïan amazons and the Warriors of the Purple Sun likely were intentionally doing this to avoid diluting the strengths of each species with another. Possibly by the successes of the Rorj’golém and Rangthor’s children, the prospect of greater warriors became a statewide ideal. But for historians, the hope is to find a greater number of known interspecies consorts, or some surviving doctrine explaining a lack of them. Either would help explain the appearance of them later in history. 
However, with Shimm mentioned in high esteem it has been theorized that possibly the greater warriors became part of a breeding program to merge bloodlines of other species. If this proves true, Thror could have been a greater warrior than assumed, or the breeding program was less a status aspect as much as a mission of the state to breed greater warriors. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tithor Dulaithlos
Gruesomely, we know when and how Tithor died on Thermotylus. According to the accounts, Tithor suffered from repeated punctured leg wounds. His wounds were burned shut and a brace was nailed to his leg to allow him to return to the front lines. Tithor’s wounds are written in such detail likely because he was an early casualty. 
For many in the infirmary, the first day was an eye-opener to the destruction to come. Most of the known casualties recorded are described in best detail on the first day. Subsequent casualties become less descriptive, down to just names, and finally just to total sums. For many historians, the progressively lacking details are a true testament to the brutality of Thermotylus, if not the entire Rygem’dor War. 

Return to Table of Contents
Toris Ine’kimy
Even before the Battle at Thermotylus, Toris was considered a model Warrior of the Purple Sun. He’d had the proper upbringing, surviving the selection process as a baby, removed from his family at seven to begin his training as a warrior, and prospering as an elite warrior in the Rostheromi war machine. When opportunity afforded itself he’d learn new techniques, like a chance to ride loxodonts early in his training. But he stood out far in advance of many others by his disciplining and training of new warriors. 
Many of his generation, and most of the newest warriors, took to his fervor and belief in the Purple Sun army that they adopted his hairstyle, that of two channels of shaved-bald head on the top of his skull, allowing a long crest of a Mohawk to stand out. When not within his helmet, Toris would smear oils in a manner to allow his hair to stand up proudly, paying homage to the sacred lomogu and providing a natural intimidation. 
Several sources credit Toris’ influence in integrating the Tither’rïan amazons into the Purple Sun ranks in the early days of their alliance, mostly due to his blind faith to the city-state of Rostheromi, and accepting any decision as the best for the state. He took this so seriously, he was one of many that believed the consort ritual between amazon warriors and Purple Sun should not be ascribed to permanency and marriage, as every warrior deserving of a consort should be given every opportunity to spread their blood to as many new warriors as possible. By this token, many reasoned the amazons would keep their independence from men, and the children born from temporary unions would have the greatest stature for success. 
It is said he had fathered children through several consorts, but by the time of Thermotylus he had only one: the amazon Sal’jel, Jeskellm Soramdisuin. By some token this union seemed to stick, whereas prior consorts had ended as soon as the child was born. Some tales claim Jeskellm was a seductress as well as a Sal’jel, whereas others claim Toris had finally found a consort he believed would give the greatest contribution to both armies. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tsim Alatis
Little is known about Tsim beyond a single passage in the works of Héro’daetïus. We know he was one of the younger warriors at Thermotylus, but by virtue of the stock sent to Thermotylus, he was both successful as a warrior and as a soldier to the state. He fathered at least one son, fulfilling his obligation to the state, and was at least a competent warrior, otherwise he’d not have been allowed to leave the festivals of Rostheromi happening at the same time as the Battle of Thermotylus. 
Even if there was an access to his lineage, it is likely Tsim only stands out as a historical figure because of Thermotylus and likely any actual facts of his life would be suspect by virtue of myths and legends surrounding the battle. It is known that he was a caracanrei and at the time of Thermotylus, his consort was an amazon caracanrei named Liskel Furecorm. From her history it is assumed they had a daughter, though history is stingy on exactly when Liskel birthed her daughter or to whom. 

Return to Table of Contents
U’oldiss Sobrand
We’re not entirely sure how many consorts U’oldiss once had, but being old enough to have seen the first strands of alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons strengthen into the war machine that stood at Thermotylus should be an indication of how long he had lived. It is clear that U’oldiss was a man of the Purple Sun, unwilling to let any power get the better of him or his fellow soldiers. This is likely why we know him as a Sal’jel, joining the small contingent for an inevitable conflict with the Tither’rïan amazons. 
From scattered reports, it seems U’oldiss was more concerned of proving the strength of the army, not the composition of the army. This is often found as the reason he did not resist amazons similarly being trained as Sal’jels to fight side by side with the Purple Sun. 
U’oldiss was one of many Warriors of the Purple Sun who shaved out two stretches of skin on their scalp to present a tall Mohawk like a lomogu as well as maintain two flanks of hair above and behind the ear. Such a show seemed a trait by those who valued their position more than most, and similarly were unwilling to let the image of the Purple Sun be corrupted into any similarity to armies they considered inferior. 
This strong show of their pride makes it odd for many historians that such Sal’jels and Purple Sun warriors were sometimes the soldiers remembered for having extended consorts. That this includes U’oldiss might be less about him finding a consort he wanted to continue breeding with as much as his compulsion to father sons. It’s said his extended consort with Stytine Ryndatum resulted more from her having three daughters in succession rather than any son, which U’oldiss may have wanted to remedy with a son at some point. This is conjecture though because it does seem on Stytine’s side of the relationship that they respected each other as strong Sal’jel warriors, which could imply the pair simply maintained their consort to breed strong soldiers. 

Return to Table of Contents
Ulathor Bellis
We know Ulathor through a few references in varied accounts, but most of these accounts merely corroborate the same statements. He was one of the first Warriors of the Purple Sun to be a part of the Tither’rïan Chillions and of the first consorts in the alliance’s experiment in breeding. One reference maintains he was successful in having several sons and several daughters, making him a figure in both the Purple Sun and Tither’rïan for successfully breeding new warriors. 
Because we know he was a part of the loxodont attack at the Battle of Thermotylus, we can assume Ulathor joined Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar and Elaisegen Ulafinal to Henopred where a chance showcase of loxodont riders allowed several Purple Sun and Tither’rïan amazons to learn how to ride, though not with more than simple commands. 
Of the known dead at Thermotylus, Ulathor is still regarded as one of the more respected warriors now enshrined at Voram’s tomb so much that his family lines in both the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons continue to bask in the knowledge of his legacy. 

Return to Table of Contents
Valord Homgor
In the revered Sal’jels at Thermotylus, a very small group has been singled out historically for their apparent lack of fear and intense devotion to the ideals of the Purple Sun. They were a cadre of warriors charged with the task of boarding one of the jylisets at Thermotylus and using it to damage another. 
Of the group, an a’tetherok named Valord is named. Almost as soon as the task was completed on the first night of battle, he and his fellow Sal’jels were being heralded as true warriors, unafraid to conquer the perils of facing an onslaught of Rygem’dor soldiers and gladly swimming to what could only be considered their certain deaths even before the night began. Unfortunately, we only know their names, because most soldiers have little to no history recorded before they are noted in battles. Still, Valord’s name will be synonymous with fearlessness for generations more. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vimir Aripentine
As a Sal’jel, Vimir’s status in history has been elevated for the work put forth at Thermotylus. That said, we know little about him beyond the apparent truth of his strength of character and abilities as a warrior. We know he was one of several Warriors of the Purple Sun to shave his head in such a manner that a towering Mohawk rose up, flanked by long groves of hair at the sides. This sort of look typically grew out of the conservative Purple Sun warriors, those who placed duty above personal comforts, and similarly at the time of Thermotylus those who strictly adhered to the consort diagram by maintaining separation between Rostheromi soldiers and the Tither’rïan amazons. 
Such men would remain consorts only until birth, and move on to their duties as a warrior rather than retain a longer consort. So it is of note that Vimir was one of a few Sal’jels who had a consort with him at the time of Thermotylus. Since all at Thermotylus were going to miss the festivities that would create consorts, it is through such characters as Vimir that historians truly wonder how much the notion of consort was strictly adhered to or if it was for the façade purpose of allowing marriage-like relations without ostracizing. 
Vimir’s consort with the Sal’jel Cesal Viremblal could have been an issue of never conceiving a child and maintaining the consort until such time, but several historians offer a different theory. Since most of the conservative Purple Sun warriors that took to the Mohawk hairstyle were not Sal’jels, it is entirely possible that those Sal’jels which did adopt the look and yet retained their consorts for very long periods of time possibly found in their consorts a measure of strength and equality exemplified by the rigors of Sal’jels training. Certainly having the intermixing of Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazons leant itself to stronger bonds and relations. 
We know for certain that Vimir stood on the phalanx line on the third day of battle, though it seems Cesal did not. Such a pattern of one consort surviving seemed to be constant over the course of Thermotylus, and has continually served as a sticking point for sides for and against long consorts. 

Return to Table of Contents
Virsen Elrebrir
As part of the Sal’jels, Virsen’s role in the Warriors of the Purple Sun has been established mostly by his involvement at Thermotylus. The Sal’jels gained almost a mythic status after Thermotylus for their uncompromising role as nighttime predators of the Rygem’dor army, and such status was only fortified over the years with tales in Rygem’dor about the Sal’jels and their leader, the Rorj’golém. Of the Sal’jels, Virsen is listed as one of the casualties of the first night at Thermotylus. For many in Rostheromi, this validates him as one of the warrior archetypes to achieve. 

Return to Table of Contents
Xigor Ardic'n
Vy’liryns have been considered a fearsome boon to Hessera, depending on where they align themselves. In the case of Xigor, his history took him to the ranks of the Sal’jels in Rostheromi. There’s little strong information on Xigor’s history, but it is known he managed to be a part of the Sal’jels at Thermotylus. Most clear-cut of the known history was his name as part of a small group of Sal’jels sent specifically to commandeer a jyliset. Historians have identified his jyliset as one used to ram and sink another jyliset. One of these two jylisets was the Calr’Zaid, marking Xigor one of the few historical martyrs from Thermotylus to live on in history. 

Rygem’dor
Return to Table of Contents
Kyrforlis Emiss Valenuim 
As a kyrforlis, one would expect Emiss Valenuim to have more written about him in antiquity. Likely this was the case, but little has been uncovered as yet. We do know from Héro’daetïus that he led sailors on the jyliset known as the Calr’Zaid. It’s the only ship mentioned with a name and the reasoning seems that the Calr’Zaid was used as an example of several ships not being commanded by the tribes of Hyliseor. 
However, we don’t know what tribe Emiss was actually from. We only know Emiss was an older, experienced soldier and his tribe sailed under him on the Calr’Zaid due to a reference of the jyliset sinking after the first night of battle at Thermotylus in Nelledotor Greymic Halino’s memoirs. It is due to his military rank, and the knowledge that his jyliset had a name, that any hope exists of one day attributing he and his to their proper tribes. 

Return to Table of Contents
Griak Aanai’pdel
One of several tribesmen to sail on the Calr’Zaid, Griak suffers in history like his fellow crewmen by languishing in obscurity. Right now, we only know he sailed on the jyliset known as the Calr’Zaid. Historians have placed his name in a list of several known tribesmen whose actual tribal names have been lost in antiquity. Though there is no indication the information will ever be found, archaeologists are hopeful to one day find out which tribe the Calr’Zaid sailed for. 
Since Héro’daetïus explicitly noted the Calr’Zaid was not of Hyliseor origin, the hope is prominent that somewhere is a record of the Calr’Zaid being commissioned, or one of its named crew to appear in some other textual history that can be traced to a tribal land. Until then, he stands generically as a Rygem’dor tribesman.

Return to Table of Contents
Chieftain Laleldar Jorsyragol
Historically, the foundations of the Rygem’dor Empire rest on the shoulders of a tribal chieftain of the Hashnak tribe, Laleldar Jorsyragol. Laleldar’s diplomacy is dubious. We only truly know his battles and assume the treaties in-between. His legacy started with the successful siege of his neighbors, the Nepengal tribe. However, this put Laleldar at odds with the Atégantor tribes, which were neighboring allies to Nepengal. 
Laleldar’s short-sightedness in wanting to secure lands that harbored loxodonts suddenly had the methrians breathing down their backs. In rousing diplomacy, the details still lost in history, Laleldar managed to get some of the conquered Nepengal tribesmen to help broker a peaceful alliance. Among the concessions, Laleldar banished the name of Hashnak in favor of Rygem’dor, historically morphing his new nation into something apart from its true past. It seems Laleldar was successful in convincing many methrians that Hashnak and Rygem’dor were separate tribes, certainly enough to maintain a long-stranding peace. 
Over the years, Laleldar continued to conquer more lands, gaining the harbors at Hyliseor and securing through such a legacy for the Rygem’dor Empire. But his constant warfare kept him on the borders, fighting against unknown tribes in constant protection of his growing empire. We don’t know how, but Laleldar died on the borders of his empire, never truly getting a chance to appreciate the wealth and size of the lands he controlled. 

Return to Table of Contents
Mursk Auissadel
We know Mursk sailed on the Calr’Zaid, under the leadership of Kyrforlis Emiss Valenuim. It was the only jyliset named by Héro’daetïus, along with a side note about it being sailed by tribes other than Hyliseor. Which tribe is still unknown. Nelledotor Greymic Halino didn’t even mention the Calr’Zaid until the first night of combat at Thermotylus when it was sunk. This has left tribesmen like Mursk left with the generic title of Rygem’dor tribesman because we have yet to discover which tribe he was truly apart of. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sa’gard Kyrmesred
Another in a series of crewmen from the Calr’Zaid that history has forgotten in terms of his tribe. We know he was at Genlindal and was named as a displaced tribesman in the third day of battle at Thermotylus, so he has the benefit of more references in history; however that’s all we know about him. 
The Calr’Zaid is noted by Héro’daetïus as a jyliset not crewed by Hyliseor, but makes no mention of what tribe it is led by. Until new information can surface, Sa’gard like the rest of his crew will generically be referred to as Rygem’dor tribesmen, though the search is still on-going to place he and his with the right tribe. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nelledotor Vender Norturor
Though it isn’t completely clear, it seems Vender Norturor was born in the Rygem’dor capital, growing up rather close to the royal family. This likely got him higher rank in the Rygem’dor army, but no one doubts his military strengths. At the time of the Rygem’dor War, Vender had long since become a nelledotor, leading many excursions into the Wilds to quell various sized invasions. His success rate and capabilities of maintaining a disciplined army were considered exemplary. It is likely because of his familiarity with commanding armies far from support that Vender was appointed by Jytor Zagausln Jorsyragol to oversee the actual planning of the separate army meant to traverse the Spartrakus Sea at the beginning of the Rygem’dor War. 
Vender was charged with the task of taking his army to the back side of Henopred to lay siege upon the city from both ends, a plan concocted by a viceroy named Zorad Joorm. Militarily, Vender’s planned march was simple and seemed easily executable. Landing in a thick soup of fog, Vender sent his army to capture Genlindal and use it as a staging point to traverse the Tither’rïan Mountains. Unfortunately for Vender, his army’s movement had been accounted for and armies were already mustering to cut off his route. 
It is said the Battle of Genlindal was already over before Vender could set foot on the shore, the pass closed up by the Rorj’golém and several already grievously wounded and dead. A few days sail was another pass at Thermotylus, which Vender decided to hasten to. It is at Thermotylus that we best know of Vender, his army confounded by the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. It is unclear if he ever truly knew how many soldiers he faced and certainly if he ever did he’d have lost his composure even earlier at his army’s incompetence. 
Many military strategists have tried to put themselves into Vender’s position, commanding several hundred thousand soldiers, a massive navy, and trying to press his army through a thin riverbed. It’s generally accepted that Vender acted as he should have, likely not completely aware of the technological advantage the Purple Sun had over his army. 
Military minds attribute the constant dangers at night for much of Vender’s ills, making his soldiers fatigued and poorly rested. After two nights of next to no sleep, Vender’s army would not have been able to mentally maintain themselves with the same discipline they had on the first day of battle. The losses of most of his ships and huge swaths of officers only added to his plight at commanding the massive army. 
Historians state that Rygem’dor’s retreat was inevitable. Vender couldn’t have known that another day of fighting would have likely resulted in penetrating Thermotylus. His concerns, and likely those of his army, were upon another sleepless night of fighting. Though he continued to attempt invading Asiér’rïan through other routes, Vender’s army continued to dwindle from illness, wounds, and disappearing soldiers. 
We don’t know exactly when Vender died, likely in a relatively decisive battle off the edge of the Tither’rïan Mountains when his dwindled forces were decimated by a much greater force from Rostheromi. Regardless, his military genius would have likely survived immediate butchering if he’d died at Thermotylus, or at least if he’d not done his duty to spare the viceroy from dying. Historically his reputation is still intact, but at the time, Viceroy Joorm laid all blame at Thermotylus at Vender’s feet, all but desecrating his military career. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jytor Zagausln Jorsyragol
By the time Zagausln took up the mantle of Jytor of Rygem’dor, the empire had existed for close to two centuries. Over those tumultuous years, the empire constantly threatened to buckle from internally and externally, forcing Zagausln to examine the issue and deal with Rygem’dor’s woes in a combination of blood and fear. 
Uprisings had become common, with his predecessors merely pacifying the immediate issue and maintaining a military presence only long enough to put down the current issue before shipping them back out to the borders. However, as soon as the military presence left, the uprisings would begin anew, creating a bloody cycle of revolts and near constant sieges on the borders to retake lands stolen in the weakened lines. 
Zagausln knew the true danger of the empire was its mighty frontier, so massive that invasions into Rygem’dor were rather easy. That said, he resolved to permanently quell the revolts with two acts of violence that would brand him “the Wicked Vanquisher” by his subjects. Two historically violent tribes, Banossi and Thril-Gawiel, had been thorns in the sides of Rygem’dor, always revolting when opportunity arose. In a single stroke, Zagausln sent the whole of the Rygem’dor army to both tribal lands and butchered everyone within, effectively erasing their existence. Politically, Zagausln declared these two lands were heretics of the Gods and followed the barbarian ways of the Wilds. He declared an intention to root out anyone infiltrating from the Wilds and anyone sympathetic to that cause. 
Having proven twice his intention, Zagausln all but suppressed any doubt of his reign and set about politicking and marrying all of the tribes’ royal women—meaning not only the tribal queens but so too their daughters—Zagausln essentially stopped the civil war and began concentrating on the frontiers. Historically, the marriages were an odd mess of declaration, Zagausln declaring that these women were still married to their tribal husbands or that their daughters were still “pure.” He instituted an odd arrangement wherein the tribal queens had to live at his capital and bear one child of his blood before they could return to their husbands, forming forced unities that were only maintained by his political meanderings to give greater political voice to the tribes which showed favor to this plan. 
Of the daughters, they remained his wives permanently, the promise of heirs enough to maintain several diplomatic relations. It’s uncertain how popular this was, since it did quell the immediate issue, but likely bred several others. However, Zagausln seemed intent to validate the bastard children of tribal queens by establishing them as noble heirs. It seems now though that this tactic was more to breed out the tribal leaders in favor of the Jorsyragol family line.
Zagausln’s motives and actions are respected now, however. In his centralized government, Zagausln provided a stable platform for ruling, establishing various ways of connecting the borders to the capital in various systems of information passing. Between signal flares and mounted riders on steeds bred specifically for swift movement, if someone were to come within a body length of even a rival nation’s borders, most nations now would know about this in a matter of days. Similarly, rather than have his armies completely centralized, Zagausln began fortifications on the borders that doubled as training facilities to house standing armies for immediate response. 
Zagausln then began looking at his nation’s strengths, using the ports at Hyliseor and their capable sailors to create the first siege transports. Rather than building these siege engines on the fields of battle or carting them completely on land, Zagausln began an arduous task of creating a navy capable of delivering complete siege engines along the waterways of Rygem’dor to quickly get greater weapons and supplies to all areas of his empire. 
As his empire grew, Zagausln stopped readily expanding his empire. Instead, the nations voluntarily pacifying to him would send emissaries to the capital. These emissaries would bring a pot of their nation’s soil, a pot of their nation’s water, and a ceremonial fabric—like a rug or even a shield. These tribal leaders would come to his court and present themselves and a dignitary of their nation, then they would then pour the ground upon this ceremonial rug of their nation, kneel upon it, and pray to Zagausln while he drank a cup of water from their river. The gesture was to mean that their land and their water would be recognized as part of Rygem’dor and the soil they brought would be a permanent spot of their tribal land in the Rygem’dor Empire’s interior. It gave them a place in his court and because it was in the empire, it meant that if their tribes were attacked from the Wilds, Rygem’dor’s army would come to their aid. 
This pacifying of subjects through threats and equally of open arms in his courts as if the tribes were equal, has confused many historians trying to decipher how he balanced all of the issues effectively. Arguably, Zagausln’s greatest mistake was trying to get any of the city-states within Asiér’rïan to voluntarily pacify themselves to his reign. Their unwillingness to bow before Rygem’dor raised Zagausln’s ire at such disrespect. 
We don’t know how long he planned, but eventually Rygem’dor’s army was at the Asiér’rïan city of Henopred, trying to lay siege and burst into the heart of Asiér’rïan. The failure of the Rygem’dor War no doubt had an effect on Zagausln’s credibility. It is unclear which of his sons began the usurping, but by the time of his death, Zagausln’s reputation had been rendered such that Rygem’dor welcomed his successor son with open arms. It is truly only from historical accounts that survived that time that anyone knows how much Zagausln did to stabilize Rygem’dor. 

Return to Table of Contents
Viceroy Zorad Joorm
History seems clear on the Rygem’dor viceroy, Zorad Joorm: he was a great politician, but an inept military mind. His political greatness is historically established by his ability to garner control of various tribal lands in Rygem’dor and to be given control over half of the army at Henopred during the Rygem’dor War. However, at the same time, he was not allowed to do so without appointing Nelledotor Vender Norturor to oversee the actual planning and battles of the army. By this respect, as viceroy of half the army Zorad truly had little authority beyond name. 
Had the army easily struck through Asiér’rïan, this would be politically enough to endear himself to the Rygem’dor people as a capable leader. History records a different outcome. After taking half of the Rygem’dor army to round the mountains of Asiér’rïan and attack Henopred from behind, Zorad’s command was defeated at Genlindal and Thermotylus with tremendous losses. After diverting from both areas and finding an even further point of entry to continue his order to come around behind Henopred, Zorad’s army finally pierced into Asiér’rïan through rolling hills in the Tither’rïan Mountains. There his army was routed once more, this time with Zorad not escaping the same fate as so many men before. 
There is some question as to whether Zorad died because his retreat was cut off, or because he was left behind. Some historians of Rygem’dor have suggested he was given to the enemy as a token gift to stop pursuing the fleeing Rygem’dor army. It is rumored Nelledotor Norturor might have even done the honors himself, having left few reasons to believe he was a willing participant under Zorad’s command. 
Documents and declarations ferried to the main army at Henopred were recovered in the historical record. Many of these critique the faltering strength of the Rygem’dor soldiers and castigate Vender’s methods for accomplishing such a “simple task.” All of these documents are attributed to Zorad, a constant report ferried to the jytor to apprise him of the war effort. While history recognizes the truth and validates Vender and his army, the damage done by Zorad all but destroyed the reputations of all in the army for centuries to come.

Atégantor Tribe
Return to Table of Contents
Jitalonr Drent Unriandal
As is the case in history, the likely candidates for documentation are rulers and high ranking soldiers. Considering the scarcity of history for soldiers of the Rygem’dor War, knowing anything of Jitalonr Drent Unriandal is remarkable beyond where he fought and died. 
We know from the memoirs of his nelledotor, Greymic Halino, that Drent was a serious and capable jitalonr from Atégantor. By Greymic’s accounts, he was highly respected both by his fellow methrians and by other tribal leaders. One account tells of Drent routinely being asked to bring the methrian soldier Torrad Quai’aom with him and help maintain discipline in the Rygem’dor ranks outside of the Atégantor tribe. 
Like most documented methrian soldiers of the time period, Drent is remembered for his fight at Genlindal against the golem army of the Rorj’golém. Apparently, he lived up to the end of the Battle of Thermotylus, though the details in-between are hazy. Unlike most remembered methrians, we know that Drent is a product of a farm village in Atégantor, specifically Puimor. Since most of the village names of Atégantor have been lost over the years since the Rygem’dor War, Drent’s history, albeit brief, provides some hope of rediscovering the past of at least some villages in the remains of Atégantor. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nelledotor Greymic Halino
Often, hearing that a military leader wrote his memoirs during or after a war lends to the belief of an egotistical mind valuing their life and opinions above others. For methrian officers, a tradition of memoirs and their style mimics the selfless reports of Nelledotor Greymic Halino, who chose to speak of as many soldiers as he could remember seeing when they fought. 
Four centuries have passed since his death at Thermotylus, but his memoirs survived the Rygem’dor War. These accounts of battles and soldiers provided the first comprehensive view of the Rygem’dor War, with surprisingly neutral views of their enemies in Asiér’rïan. Legend had persisted both in Asiér’rïan and Rygem’dor about this war, but Greymic’s writings were the first to corroborate specific battles, details, and casualties. It is through his writing that we know of the stand at Genlindal and corroborate the existence of the Rorj’golém beyond the mythical nightmares of Rygem’dor and the glorifications of Asiér’rïan. 
His work also confirms the devastation of Thermotylus rumored by legend and dismissed by both surviving sides of the conflict. Before his memoirs were found, most viewed the battles at Genlindal and Thermotylus as overblown fancy, disbelieving the disproportionate number of soldiers and the high casualties of the Rygem’dor tribes. Greymic’s unflinching documentation of the golem army at Genlindal, the night attacks of the Sal’jels, and the body-laden shoreline of Thermotylus provided a vivid account of the sheer manslaughter that occurred. With such memoirs, Greymic became a beacon for historians as a first-hand account from someone actually at the battle, rather than the writings of Héro’daetïus who, though he interviewed and researched the battle from both sides thoroughly, was born after the Rygem’dor War. 
It is however from Héro’daetïus that we know anything of Greymic, and by who he interviewed, it is best to take the word of Greymic’s peers, as they left a strong view of him that methrians for generations have tried to emulate. By all accounts he was a soldier first, on the battlefield to defeat the enemy quickly, decisively, and with the least amount of casualties to allow further campaigns. He was considered impatient towards incompetence, drilling his methrians to precision form and had a strong dislike for any wasted time either in preparation for or during battle. 
That said, he was considered a patient man, valuing the time to rest and recover both for the sake of his tribe’s strength and to formulate plans. Greymic is considered historically as a man incapable of retreat, prepared to press through the onslaught rather than retreat. This almost flies in the face of accounts saying he valued his soldiers’ lives, but one account of him by Nelledotor Vender Norturor explains that Greymic believed the panicked chaos of retreat could cause more deaths than forcing through the hardship. 
Apparently most of his fellow Atégantor tribesmen followed the same philosophy, charging into hazards rather than giving into fear. By his leadership, methrian soldiers provided a backbone both of strength and of soldiery, capable of keeping their composure to make an ordered retreat rather than faltering into chaos as many tribes would. Such stalwart tribesmen offered what Vender considered “the only measurable reason why our army didn’t run away after the Rorj’golém returned at Thermotylus.” 

Return to Table of Contents
Mordin Huliram
Many methrians are mentioned in the memoirs of Nelledotor Greymic Halino, but only one has the distinction of having his injury documented. According to Greymic, Mordin lost most of his trunk while fighting the golem army of the Rorj’golém. Being a direct witness to this, Greymic’s details of a small clump of clay ripping off Mordin’s flesh tell the all too real reality of what the Atégantor tribe faced in its stand at Genlindal. 
According to Greymic’s final records, the wound would continue to grow worse, getting infected and causing Mordin great discomfort. He is remembered up to the final day of Thermotylus, where Greymic’s memoirs cease. Though historical records cannot confirm that Mordin died that day, like many Atégantor tribesmen, it is very likely even if he survived the infections Greymic described would likely have killed him shortly after anyway. 
By this show of perseverance though, Mordin has repeatedly been cited as a methrian of distinction, fighting to the bitter end regardless of the horrific wounds or pains sustained. By that token, even though he is known only for his injuries, Mordin lives forever in the methrian societies. 

Return to Table of Contents
Qi’ard Frytun’yam
Many soldiers of the Atégantor tribe who died in the Rygem’dor War are nameless. The select few that are named generally exist solely by those few entries in some text. Qi’ard falls to this category, mentioned in the memoirs of Nelledotor Greymic Halino at the battle of Genlindal. 
Like many methrians, Qi’ard was noted for his valiant efforts to fight through the adverse golem army of the Rorj’golém despite heavy losses and what could only be considered a battle filled with fear. Though it is very likely he died at Thermotylus, since large swaths of the Atégantor tribe never left alive, he is only confirmed as a survivor of Genlindal. Such history for modern methrian societies is typical of this time period, proving that soldiers were very unlikely to be remembered beyond their actions in battle, and even then not likely by name. 

Return to Table of Contents
Radorn Jor’garuk’mis
Considered a methrian of note, Radorn’s history begins at Genlindal during the Rygem’dor War. Like many of his fellow methrian tribesman, Radorn valiantly fought the golem army of the Rorj’golém. As Radorn did not survive the latter battle at Thermotylus, he remains a footnote in history, remembered only by mention in the field memoirs of Nelledotor Greymic Halino. This has made Radorn’s family line rather anxious to find out more, if anything, of their ancestor beyond two battles. Among many of the methrians making pilgrimage to the Loxodont Canals, the Jor’garuk’mis family as substantially contributed to maintaining the site in hopes of finding out more about their ancestor. 

Return to Table of Contents
Torrad Quai’aom
According to Nelledotor Greymic Halino, Torrad was a very big methrian, taller than most and physically larger. The impression Greymic’s memoirs give of Torrad was that of a well-trained brute, able to break down walls but capable of waiting for the order to do so first. Torrad was often used as a disciplinarian tactic by Jitalonr Drent Unriandal, using his size and training to maintain order outside of the methrian tribes during the Rygem’dor War. 
Though there are few accounts of Rygem’dor soldiers risking disobeying an order by any methrian, those unable to stay as model soldiers apparently were met by Torrad and Drent on behalf of other tribal leaders to maintain order in the ranks. By Greymic’s admission, we know that Torrad made the nelledotor laugh and provided stability in the methrian ranks after Genlindal. 

Hyliseor Tribe
Return to Table of Contents
Jitalonr Dra’stri Ita’genj’gen
It seems despite his position, Jitalonr Ita’genj’gen had to work hard to maintain an aura of respect. Nelledotor Greymic Halino noted in his memoirs that Dra’stri bore the look of youth and if he did not have his look of seriousness Dra’stri would seem too juvenile to get any respect in his orders. This said, Dra’stri was apparently a Hyliseor jitalonr of capability, commanding triremes and septiremes alike, though he reportedly came to Genlindal in command of a trireme. 
There is a bit of question as to Dra’stri’s command. Though it is never noted, Dra’stri led his men into Genlindal and during the first night of Thermotylus he and his began an attempt to forcibly reclaim stolen ships. This had led to speculation that Dra’stri commanded a squad of tremégors, modern day shock troops. If this is the case, then Dra’stri was likely considered in command of several elite warriors, of which their loss the first night of Thermotylus could be considered a brilliant stroke of luck for the Rostheromi army, though they likely would never have known. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gressin Ramnisuin
We know that Gressin served under Jitalonr Dra’stri Ita’genj’gen, likely making him a very capable trireme soldier. He is a referenced survivor at Genlindal, but nothing of special value has been noted meaning he was likely low in rank. Because of his likely rank and being part of Dra’stri’s trireme, he was likely killed in the first night of battle at Thermotylus when Hyliseor’s navy was decimated by the Sal’jels of Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sargarin Orlhen’vmis
Sargarin served under Jitalonr Dra’stri Ita’genj’gen on a trireme. We know this because of Nelledotor Greymic Halino’s memoirs. Apparently Sargarin was a trusted soldier to Dra’stri, and though his rank is never mentioned it is assumed he was likely close to the rank of jitalonr. He was a part of the Genlindal survivors that actually entered the city. 
Since he is referenced so close to Dra’stri, it is likely Sargarin was among the naval casualties the first night of Thermotylus when we know Dra’stri was killed. He’s not referenced beyond surviving Genlindal so that is conjecture, but it is accepted as likely since he would have been one of the better men for the task of ship-to-ship combat. 

Return to Table of Contents
Voner Qu’grayarn
Only one notation is made of Voner. He is mentioned by name by Nelledotor Greymic Halino as one of hundreds of displaced tribesmen after the first day and night of battle. Hyliseor’s contingent at Thermotylus was decimated, scattering their remaining forces into an incoherent mess for the second day of battle. As such, they were used to fill the ranks of Nepengal and several other tribes that had suffered losses. 
This highlights the strategies of Nelledotor Vender Norturor to augment other tribes rather that coalesce the leaderless ranks of Hyliseor and use them as fodder. How well they worked under their new leaders is debatable, but with little room for dissention, it is likely the moment of battle was pressing far more than which tribal leader you took command from. 
After Thermotylus, the remaining forces seemed to display a greater unwillingness to form a cohesive army. But this can be attributed to the horrendous losses on the battlefield, the dead and dying afterwards, diseases and travel wiping out even more, and the realization that they were likely never going to see their homes again. As such, historians continue to debate whether this tactic of integrated tribal armies would have been maintained if the battle had gone differently, or if the tribes would be separated and new leaders promoted in the interim between Thermotylus and Henopred. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vyl’kil Kyrouryam
We know that Vyl’kil served under Jitalonr Dra’stri Ita’genj’gen, likely making him a very capable trireme soldier. He is a referenced survivor at Genlindal, but nothing of special value has been noted meaning he was likely low in rank. Because of his likely rank and being part of Dra’stri’s trireme, he was likely killed in the first night of battle at Thermotylus when Hyliseor’s navy was decimated by the Sal’jels of Rostheromi. 

Return to Table of Contents
Yan’sti Warendil
Like most of the Rygem’dor army, knowledge of Yan’sti is confined to what few references are known. From memoirs written by Nelledotor Greymic Halino, we know that Yan’sti was one of the few Hyliseor tribesmen qualified to ride a loxodont. It’s never made clear if he was a mahout, but the implication seems to be such. Even if his control were solely for prompting a loxodont to pull wagons or siege machinations, Yan’sti would have needed years of experience to control a loxodont effectively if it ever bolted or did not wish to proceed. 
By all likely accounts, Yan’sti was one of several Hyliseor tribesmen that took advantage of Rygem’dor’s nation to take up something beyond fishing and sailing. From what we know, even if he were not a mahout, he would have had to have been either from a prominent family or quite connected to get proper training in Nepengal. Nepengal didn’t just teach anyone, maintaining an almost sacred nature to becoming a mahout. If this is the case, it does show how many different aspects of soldiery, from the slaves to elite shock troopers, were employed in the Rygem’dor army for their war with Asiér’rïan. 

Nepengal Tribe
Return to Table of Contents
Atigri Astrin Jurnukaorm
There is a seeming discrepancy with the two accounts of Astrin Jurnukaorm in the Rygem’dor War. He was remembered at Genlindal for panicking and loss of composure. This would seem appropriate, and following the various other accounts of very scared Nepengal tribesmen. However, it seems, if the account is true, that Astrin survived to the third day of battle at Thermotylus, gaining a field promotion to atigri. 
Usually the discrepancy comes from the expectation of earning rank through valor and courage, which his conduct in Genlindal flies in the face of. However, it does seem that Thermotylus was so destructive, and so many officers killed in the Sal’jel attacks at night that Astrin was promoted more by default than by earning the title. Accounts are rather clear about how decimated the Nepengal and Hyliseor tribes were by the third day, which could mean soldiers like Astrin were put into positions of authority more to solidify the remaining tribesman rather than because they truly deserved it. Of the known officers, Astrin’s field promotion seems to truly express the amount of desperation that surely was plaguing the Rygem’dor forces by the third morning of Thermotylus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jitalonr Austron Belongen
Several officers were in the Rygem’dor forces at Thermotylus, many of them jitalonrs charged with the task of organizing their various tribes. Nepengal had at least twenty jitalonrs, but only one distinguished himself enough to be noted by Nelledotor Greymic Halino. Apparently, before his death at Thermotylus, Astron Belongen was part of a detachment of tribesmen sent to infiltrate Genlindal. Because of this, it is assumed Austron led a very capable Nepengal force, enough so to be singled out for quelling much of Genlindal before Rygem’dor was supposed to march upon the city. 
After the Battle of Genlindal, Austron spent his time trying to rally his tribe to move them beyond the destruction they’d witnessed. It must have worked for Nepengal’s soldiers were ready for battle at Thermotylus as if Genlindal has not occurred. When he died, he was again noted by Greymic as a capable, charismatic leader who despised undisciplined ranks and whose death would be felt through the battle if further days of bloodshed continued with similar result of the first day. 

Return to Table of Contents
Bi’arn Fryr’omor
Because he’s referenced as a surviving Nepengal tribesman from the city of Genlindal, it is inferred Bi’arn was not a mahout and strictly a soldier in the Nepengal infantry. His body was found on the third morning of Thermotylus. Like most non-officers, the fact that we have any references to Bi’arn is a rarity and likely he will only be known for surviving Genlindal and two days at Thermotylus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Egit Faepental
Egit is mentioned in a brief spot of parchment by the scribes of Viceroy Zorad Joorm. We know he was a Nepengal tribesman, but no distinction is made that he was ever a mahout like other dead Nepengal tribesmen in the surviving ledger. If this is the case, then Egit was part of the Nepengal infantry, likely a very skilled soldier and will live on only as an obscure name surviving history. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gal’den Gymesorm
As part of the Nepengal infantry, it is likely Gal’den’s strengths at Rygem’dor were those of the traditional phalanx fighting. There is some debate though at whether Gal’den was possibly a mahout. He was apparently killed in combat while helping with fitting the loxodont war armor. This could mean he was a mahout or that he was from the farms of Nepengal and knew how to react around a loxodont without inadvertently scaring it. If this is the case, he may have had greater status among his peers to be attending to a loxodont in any way. 

Return to Table of Contents
Pronn Callambrs
Pronn is one of several Nepengal soldiers referenced both as survivors of Genlindal and found dead in the third morning at Thermotylus. By such, it is likely he was a competent and capable soldier to survive as long as he did. Still, his place in history is rather sparsely defined, leading much as to who he was up in the air. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sammu Xi’bleugal
Sammu was referenced twice by Nelledotor Greymic Halino, once as part of the Nepengal tribesmen that infiltrated Genlindal and on the third morning at Thermotylus when his body was found in the destroyed encampment. Though this isn’t much, it does show that Sammu was not of high enough social rank to become a mahout and instead was a bred soldier, since Nepengal mahouts were not involved inside Genlindal. That he survived as long as he did is commendable, though he will only be truly known for being one of scant few soldiers to ever be named in a military campaign. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sirk Rimwonfel
As a soldier in the Nepengal army, Sirk is referenced as surviving Genlindal and dying in the second day of battle at Thermotylus. It’s rather clear that he was not a mahout and likely the references of where he was are all that will ever be found. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sorik Isoryr’fin
Sorik is referenced by Nelledotor Greymic Halino as one of many Nepengal mahouts killed on the first morning of Thermotylus. Because we know he was a mahout, and the practice in Nepengal was almost sacred if not time-consuming, we know Sorik was at least fortunate to be named as a mahout and likely was considered a very good loxodont rider else he’d not have been involved with such a strategic operation as Rygem’dor initially intended by splitting its army. Beyond these inferences, mahouts like Sorik are mostly unknown. 

Return to Table of Contents
Stirne Kyovryam
Stirne is one of the few we actually know in history to have been at Genlindal and Thermotylus in the Rygem’dor War. This means he both survived the mythical Rorj’golém and to the third day of battle at Thermotylus. He is only mentioned twice, once in off-handed remark by Nelledotor Greymic Halino’s memoirs of Genlindal, and on a partial list of dead scribes collected after Thermotylus. 
The lists of dead are notoriously short and vastly incomplete, but were it not for the scribes Zorad Joorm brought with him to decide how to properly reward or punish soldiers by their battle performance we’d not know how long Stirne or others had survived. It is debatable how he was supposed to be listed. As the lists are partially torn or damaged in various ways, we don’t know if it was a death tally or if he was meant for punishment or reward. We only know for sure that he was from Nepengal. 

Gods
Return to Table of Contents
Irlia, Goddess of Fertility
By scholarly accounts of Irlia, the Goddess of Fertility, she is the second wife of the God of Protection and Travel, Norlo’nuïn. At their union, Irlia’s daughter Réwen, the Goddess of War, began a feud with Norlo’nuïn’s son, Tôgaru’kar, also a God of War. This battle of siblings began several continuous wars between the city-states of Asiér’rïan, much to the chagrin of her husband. 
By myth, Irlia enjoyed the wars as it prompted several sacrifices to her to bless the city-states with more children to fill the broken ranks. That being said, to appease her husband—according to one surviving text of her history—Irlia conspired with Norlo’nuïn to find a means of pacifying the warring gods. Convinced that her step-son and daughter would be pacified by sex, she entered into a tactic of tricking the siblings into bedding each other. 
Religious preachers tell that this worked for a time, breeding contempt by Tôgaru’kar at being controlled as such. In retaliation, Tôgaru’kar tricked Irlia and impregnated her. She bore twins, the God of Fishing, Korrand, and the God of Agriculture, Tekten. After Réwen similarly tricked Irlia’s husband, Norlo’nuïn, and bore the child Siwen, the Goddess of Maize, Irlia resolved to attend to the three babies rather than try to condemn her step-son and daughter. 
This change of heart has often been preached as a means for women to model themselves by those that would prefer sowing their oats with numerous women over monogamy. It is through this that several cults of Irlia have focused on multiple wives, skewing the myth to such ends. History shows that these cults have doubled their preaching strength by pointing out how the Warriors of the Purple Sun would often have multiple consorts in the amazon ranks of the Tither’rïan Mountains. 
This again neglects the reasoning for such—historical texts account such multiple consorts were to allow amazon women to breed strong warriors without their ranks constantly being besieged by inactive pregnant women—but for many the neglecting of reason is either an attractive concept or a deterrent to such cults. For those cults more learned about Irlia, the Goddess of Fertility is still worshipped for bountiful families. 

Return to Table of Contents
Korrand, God of Fishing
When the God of War, Tôgaru’kar tricked his step-mother Irlia, the Goddess of Fertility, into sexual congress, birthed were twins: Tekten, the God of Agriculture, and Korrand, the God of Fishing. The twin brothers took offense at the nature of their family. Their mother had married the God of Protection and Travel, Norlo’nuïn, and tricked his son Tôgaru’kar and her own daughter, the Goddess of War, Réwen, into sexual union to stop their war. 
When Réwen followed her step-brother’s tactic and tricked her step-father into bed—creating the Goddess of Maize, Siwen—Korrand had had enough. Though he was young, the incestuous nature of his family disgusted he and Tekten, so much so that rather than devote themselves in the vein of war like their father or procreating the flesh, both Tekten and Korrand chose different paths. 
Whereas Tekten chose to plow the fields and sow them with seeds, Korrand left the Gods. It is said he walked among the mortals and joined a small group as they took to a large lake. There, Korrand learned to fish and found his mortal friends saddened by the lack of catches. On a trio of peninsulas that bear his name, lancing into the Spartrakus Sea, it is said Korrand provided for these fishermen a bounty of fish to feed to their families. 
Removing his smallest finger, Korrand placed the digit in the Spartrakus Sea. That finger spawned the lan’endils, which the fishermen took to be his avatars. Korrand’s blood propagated the fish of the sea, providing the bounty for the fishermen to thrive on. Their gratitude filled Korrand so much that the God immersed himself in the practice of nurturing the sea life so that fishermen could eat and fish would be fertile and plentiful. 
It became sacrilege to overfish or kill a pregnant catch, as you were killing Korrand’s gifts. Though Korrand is one of the few gods to have very few cults bearing his name, he is often prayed to before and while fishermen go to sea. It is said that the various gods of the oceans wish Korrand would not meddle with them, for his influence brings greater fishing and harvests the creatures of the sea, but religious myth tells us that such gods accept Korrand for without him, the creatures of the sea would thin to the point of extinction. 
Curiously, in ancient and modern myth, it was Korrand who provided the world with the pterapthyodes, a large mud-dwelling fish that the devout worshipping warriors of Réwen and Tôgaru’kar would catch, nurture, eat, and turn their hides and bone plates into tough armor and clothing. Religion dictates that Korrand did this as a present to his father and half-sister to solidify the union of the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. 
Though history records these fish pre-date the alliance, it has not stopped the cults of Réwen and Tôgaru’kar from marrying the idea to Korrand’s myth, attributing greatness upon the pterapthyodes in a revered sense beyond other fish in the sea. As such, most statues or images of Korrand show him with a pterapthyodes in some manner. 

Return to Table of Contents
Lampetia, Goddess of Magic
Many gods and goddesses have some mythological folklore, be it the creation of that god/goddess, or some manner of union between gods/goddesses, or some manner of relation to mortals. Many of these stories are attempts to humanize the deities for worshippers to feel closer to and in awe of. Perhaps it is appropriate that the goddess of magic, Lampetia, seems to just appear, rather than explained through elaborate stories. 
To date, there are very few folklore stories about Lampetia. By point of fact, only two characters have ever been associated with the goddess of magic. Her first appearances in historical lore actually come from Hessera, specifically at Delpharïis. There, she is synonymous with the Oracle of Delpharïis, Ariana. The legend goes that Lampetia brought upon the mortal plane an avatar in Ariana to let the worlds know of her existence. This is contested mainly as a likely fictitious account to explain how the Oracle of Delpharïis became the first avatar of Lampetia. 
Curiously, the second character in any Lampetia tale is that of the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris. According to these tales, the Rorj’golém would request from the Oracle conferences with Lampetia to impart her magic strength to him. By all accounts, the only definite truth about Lampetia—as far as these stories go—is her definite impact in the lives of the Rorj’golém and the Oracle of Delpharïis. 
Historians of magic have yet to find further examples of possible avatars to the goddess of magic until shortly before the Sundering wherein a new class of mage, the great mage, started being recorded. Many of these are considered avatars in the most common sense of mortals ascending to a worthy status in the eyes of Lampetia to be blessed with greater magical strength and knowledge. 
For centuries, Lampetia has become the center of many mages’ lives, with generations of magic-practicing families praying for her guidance. Some mages consider her a passive goddess, demanding of her followers the conviction to study and train to earn her attention, rather than giving it easily. For many, such a thought means she is not worth trying to follow, but for mages it is a challenge and reason to prove yourself worthy, providing a meaning of life for many people who’d not know where to invest their energies otherwise. 

Return to Table of Contents
Norlo’nuïn, God of Protection and Travel
For travelers or the besieged, Norlo’nuïn, the God of Protection and Travel, has been on the tips of tongues for as long as wars and brutality have existed. Considered the nurturing father with a strict but just edict, Norlo’nuïn faced the cruel irony of fathering the god of war, Tôgaru’kar. This reality only became more heated as Norlo’nuïn took a new wife in the Goddess of Fertility, Irlia. 
Irlia, like Norlo’nuïn, had birthed Réwen, the goddess of war. According to legend, the two step-siblings were unwilling to share their roles of war and began a long feud, forcing the city-states of Asiér’rïan to war with one another in near-constant fashion. Norlo’nuïn did his best to protect the citizens from massive bloodbaths, hoping his children would tire of this game of war.
 Instead, his worries were compounded when Réwen found stalwart amazon followers in the Tither’rïan Mountains and Tôgaru’kar found Rostheromi and their imposing Warriors of the Purple Sun. Realizing that he would not be able to stop the two warring nations from an onslaught, Norlo’nuïn conspired with his wife to force a resolution. According to myth, Irlia convinced Norlo’nuïn that the two siblings would stop if they were cajoled into bed. 
Afterwards, the siblings seemed to grow quiet in their wars, save for the spats two lovers would have anyway which resulted in several small war uprisings in various Asiér’rïan city-states. Norlo’nuïn believed all was solved until one day Irlia confessed his son had tricked her into bed. The union bore twins: Tekten, the God of Agriculture, and Korrand, the God of Fishing. Trying to console his wife and berate his son, Norlo’nuïn was unprepared to be similarly tricked into sex with Réwen, spawning Siwen, the Goddess of Maize. 
Ancient practices are sketchy on how the myth proceeds from there, but somehow the massive crisscross of incest that bore such fruit for the world below quieted the warring family. To this day, Norlo’nuïn is still called upon for protection, though many likely do not comprehend all of the mythical history. Were such common knowledge, cults like the fundamentalist cults of Tôgaru’kar would similarly venerate incestuous relationships. 

Return to Table of Contents
Réwen, Goddess of War
By legend the goddess of war, Réwen, was worshiped by the Tither’rïan amazons and had a step-brother, the war god Tôgaru’kar. The two warring siblings, according to legend often would pit armies against each other to prove who the greater war bringer was. According to myth, her step-father Norlo’nuïn, the god of protection and travel, became so angered by their constant bloodshed—inspiring the near-constant wars between the Asiér’rïan city-states—that he called upon her mother Irlia, the goddess of fertility. Together, the two gods provided a means of entrancing the step-children into union. 
Through this union, the pairing warred less, instead helping to forge a union between their greatest worshippers, the Warriors of the Purple Sun in Rostheromi and the amazons of the Tither’rïan Mountains. It is said that afterwards, the two gods of war could create solid, imposing armies for war when married to each other, and would wage small wars between the city-states of Asiér’rïan when they argued. 
It is said that one flurry of wars began when Tôgaru’kar bedded Irlia, spawning Tekten, the god of agriculture, and his twin Korrand, god of fishing. Myth is hazy on the reasoning, though much is interpreted to believe he did so to try and spark war once again. By what religious texts of the age can tell, Tôgaru’kar did not like being seduced to bed his step-sister, and wanted Réwen to revenge herself upon Irlia.
Instead, Réwen revenged herself on Tôgaru’kar by bearing the daughter of Norlo’nuïn, Siwen. Siwen, goddess of maize, has been represented only by female avatars as a result of this, often being highlighted as a defiant stance against letting the male gods control the winds of war. 
The current cults of Réwen honor select men for war, but instead focus on the resolute nature of Réwen as a standard for women to derive strength and conviction. Many similarly worship her daughter as a symbol of defiance to male dominion. Though most of these followers are women, several men have formed cults of their own, seeing Réwen as the defiant warrior, unwilling to be seduced into battle unless wanting it personally. 
Contrary to the fundamentalist cults of Tôgaru’kar that glorify the incestuous relationship between the two gods, Réwen’s current status is that of a woman betrayed by Irlia, and as such choosing to use her former enemy as a strong counterpart, rather than blindly succumbing to Irlia’s intent on stifling her warlike nature. 

Return to Table of Contents
Siwen, Goddess of Maize
Among the gods and goddess, few religious myths of their creation are as convoluted as the story of the goddess of maize, Siwen. Her mother Réwen, goddess of war, tricked her step-father Norlo’nuïn, god of protection and travel, into impregnating her after her step-brother Tôgaru’kar, the god of war, impregnated Réwen’s mother Irlia, the goddess of fertility, as revenge for tricking both Réwen and Tôgaru’kar to have a sexual union to stop the warring siblings from fighting. 
This convoluted account of Siwen’s lineage is made all the odder by the goddess’ dominion over the corn crops in Asiér’rïan. According to modern cults of Réwen and Tôgaru’kar, both of whom equally pay homage to the goddess, Siwen chose to rule over the maize crops because they provided strength for the armies worshipping the two war gods and because these same crops were fed to the lomogus. Since these were the steeds of Asiér’rïan, such an approach guaranteed the greatness of the Asiér’rïan riders, for their lomogus were well fed. It also gave Siwen a place with her mother and half-brother. 
It is preached in the cults of Réwen and Tôgaru’kar that Siwen sought a peaceful resolution to the siblings’ feuding and would threaten the corn crops each time they would war, thereby weakening their armies and their steeds. As such, when bad maize crops occur, preachers tell their people to rejoice, for Siwen is stopping looming war. By the same token, some cults of the sibling war gods pray to Siwen to create a famine of her maize in advance of their wars to weaken their foes.
This dichotomy of rule has placed Siwen in the spotlight among other gods, and raised the lomogus to a revered status. Wherever there is a statue or a depiction of Siwen, a lomogu, nourished and strong, is with her. Such an image is so powerful as to be branded on the banners of Asiér’rïan armies, market places, wares, and all manner of objects that can pay homage to Siwen’s sway with the sibling war gods. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tekten, God of Agriculture
God of agriculture and twin to the god of fishing, Korrand, religious myth states that Tekten is the incestuous product of trickery between Tôgaru’kar, the god of war, and his step-mother Irlia, the goddess of fertility. According to legend, Irlia had attempted to quell Tôgaru’kar’s bitter feud with her daughter Réwen, the goddess of war, by colluding with his father Norlo’nuïn, the god of protection and travel. 
The married gods tricked their children into sexual congress, quelling the two warring gods for a time. According to the cults of Tekten, Tôgaru’kar sought to assert himself on his step-mother, impregnating the goddess through trickery. Tekten and his twin were the result. It is said that Tekten grew up under his mother’s tutelage, learning from her mistakes of incestuous collusion and choosing instead to seed the ground for plants. In this he chose to defy both his mother and father, refusing to engage in war or in the affections of the flesh. Many cults have since tried to instill such values of peace and chastity, turning to farming as a purifying ritual of life. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tôgaru’kar, God of War
According to legend, the god of war worshipped by the ancient peoples of Rostheromi was named Tôgaru’kar, the step-brother of Réwen, goddess of war to the Tither’rïan amazons. The two warring siblings, according to legend often would pit armies against each other to prove who the greater war bringer was. According to myth, Norlo’nuïn, the god of protection and travel, became so angered by their constant bloodshed—inspiring the near-constant wars between the Asiér’rïan city-states—that he called upon his wife Irlia, the goddess of fertility. 
Together, the two gods provided a means of entrancing their step-children into union. Through this union, the pairing warred less, instead helping to forge an alliance between their greatest worshippers, the Warriors of the Purple Sun in Rostheromi and the amazons of the Tither’rïan Mountains. It is said that afterwards, the two gods of war could create solid, imposing armies for war when married to each other, and would wage small wars between the city-states of Asiér’rïan when they argued. 
It is said that one flurry of wars began when Tôgaru’kar bedded his step-mother Irlia, spawning Tekten, the god of agriculture, and his twin Korrand, god of fishing. Myth is hazy on the reasoning, though much is interpreted to believe he did so to try and spark war once again. By what religious texts of the age can tell, Tôgaru’kar did not like being seduced to bed his step-sister, and wanted Réwen to revenge herself upon Irlia. 
Instead, Réwen revenged herself on Tôgaru’kar by bearing the daughter of her step-father Norlo’nuïn, Siwen. Siwen, goddess of maize, has been represented only by female avatars as a result of this, often being highlighted as a defiant stance against letting the male gods control the winds of war. 
The current cults of Tôgaru’kar do not focus on all of the unions, children, or even Réwen being his step-sister. Only the most fundamental of his followers focus on such family unions, such that Tôgaru’kar has a dual impact as the god of war in many religions, and the dubious additional inspiration for incestuous relations, ignoring the mythical history. 

Harem Students and Faculty
Return to Table of Contents
Beld Derseror
Born from a rich tradition of military service, it was no wonder to Beld that his war hero father would seek to have him trained in Harem in their military programs. Graduation all but assures an officer rank when Beld returns home to officially join the military and make a name for himself. In the changing climate of the Ba’kuth Empire, Beld has openly expressed hope that his legacy would not be similar to his family line. Though he has never had a problem with military campaigns, such places as Harem, with its wide diversity, have intentionally been used by the Ba’kuth Empire, the Tygon Empire, and the United Realms as a forum to birth the diplomacy all three would need to permanently end the stalemate of war and bring about an alliance of powers. 
For Beld, his hope has been to establish as many diplomatic relationships as possible, finding several friends in various influential families with whom he could try to further barter this ideal. Though he maintains the vigil of warfare that the Ba’kuth Empire expects, Beld has made it clear to his father that he envisions the best form of war being that of diplomacy. He has reasoned repeatedly that if the mark of a good leader is the preservation of the culture’s values and the least amount of life lost in that preservation, then by sword or by quill and parchment make the war no different. To solidify peaceful terms would keep lives from being lost, and by the issues presented any negotiations would be a hard fought political battle anyway. Still, were the need to arise, Beld has clearly shown he would stand on the battlements and fight for his empire. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gredoni Fedallynom
One of the required classes at the Harem schools is that of Ancient Studies. Its instructor, Gredoni Fedallynom, takes great pride in that fact, knowing that his expansive knowledge on the historical battles and cultures plays a significant enough role in the modern world as to be needed for students seeking advisory or military posts. Though he doesn’t actively advertise it, Gredoni is well over three hundred years old, born in the age named the Dark Wars. 
A resident of the legendary and mythical Tera’vin Mountain, Gredoni has somehow managed to make his involvement with the Dragon Clan in the Dark Wars seem paltry. By point of fact, few can concretely say what his involvement with the legendary Dragon Clan was. In the two hundred years after the Sundering, Gredoni took it upon himself to put some distance between his past and where he wanted to make a new life. Though he has maintained a lasting relationship with Tal’mov Kalkelam—another Tera’vin Mountain resident and prominent member of the Dragon Clan—Gredoni has maintained a disciplined anonymity from much of the current politics. 
When Necro’shir Zedallyn re-emerged, Gredoni found himself trapped by circumstance. His daughter Cassandra—growing up educated about the Dragon Clan through him—set off to try and quell Necro’shir’s madness. To his relief, she was unharmed physically, though the question remains on her emotional scars. Cassandra and Necro’shir had romanced one another, with the end result being Gredoni finally having a grandson. 
Trying not to push his luck, Gredoni remained a focal point in Harem schools, his actions repeatedly kept under the watchful eye of Tenar Rezkendam, the grand mage and advisor to Voristaor Talitar Canen. Gredoni’s history with Tenar is questionable, though it seems Tenar was at least a political enemy to the Dragon Clan. Even with so many years since that time, it is obvious the pair barely tolerate one another. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sei’elle Vyardukel
Over the course of her very long years of life, Sei’elle has called Hessera home. Growing up under the care of her mother, Myriel, and her grandmother, Lyar Fymdallyn, Sei’elle grew up under partially under the care of the Tither’rïan amazons, learning enough to defend herself but never being part of the Chillions. 
By her mother’s insistence, she and other allurers were bound by runic tattoos to prevent her from “linking” to anyone. Little of the concept was understood by Sei’elle, especially her grand mage heritage. Much of this has been a part of Lyar and Myriel refusing to elaborate on Sei’elle’s lineage, keeping secret her father for her “own safety” and diverting all attempts of Sei’elle to learn more about how Lyar is her grandmother. 
At eighteen, Sei’elle suffered her “first death” by the hands of her mother, halting her visual aging. Since then, she has retained the same youthful appearance, an aspect she had to grapple with for several years before coming to terms with. Sei’elle has only recently forgiven her mother for it, still wrapped in anger that so much of her past and history has been repeatedly kept hidden. 
After her first fifty years in the Tither’rïan Mountains, Sei’elle set out to wander the worlds in hopes of both finding distance from her family and with the hopes of getting answers from other sources. Sensing another grand mage, Sei’elle sought out the sensation and found herself in Harem. There, she met Gredoni Fedallynom, an ancient studies teacher in the Harem schools who seemed to know a lot about her home world and other aspects of history. 
Gredoni became her contact outside of Hessera, entertaining Sei’elle with stories of the Dark Wars and encouraging her to read certain historical accounts to find the answers she was seeking. Immersed in books and constantly fed small clues by Gredoni, Sei’elle started to find more and more information that Lyar and Myriel seemed to want to keep her from. To her chagrin, though Gredoni seemed an estuary of facts about the Dark Wars, he meandered and strayed off-topic whenever Sei’elle would directly question about her mother or grandmother. 
For much of her life, Sei’elle has traveled back and forth from Hessera to Harem, learning what she could from both locations in the hopes that eventually one group would finally explain why her past needed to be kept so secret. To her mother’s disdain, Sei’elle found herself enamored by a young grand mage named Vol’timer Zedallyn. While he has engaged in trying to become an accepted member of the Warriors of the Purple Sun, Sei’elle has returned to school at Harem officially, finally convincing Gredoni to take her on as a student rather than entertain her on his spare time with answering constant questions. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tenar Rezkendam
The Dark Wars remains a vastly shadowed time period before the Sundering, and for many it is best left to the unknown. For Tenar it was his home and his time to live in. The son of Faor’dugal Rezkendam of the Circle of Grand Mages, Tenar early on had prestige and training in magic. He was a very young man when Dragonfire walked the lands and Tenar’s blind belief in the Circle only spurred him into hatred of Dragonfire and his Dragon Clan. 
Tenar was being schooled by various members of the Circle to understand the more mortal politics, his father in particular taking vast interests in the political meandering of the prattle they dominated over. For Tenar there was a fascination to be sure, though he could not conceive how the prattle could exist without self-destructing fully. 
In Tenar’s later years the Circle marked Dragonfire and his Clan as traitors. His father attempted to subdue the grand mage, meeting his end at Dragonfire’s hands. The decree and his father’s death only added to Tenar’s hatred, preparing to mount an all-out offensive against the Dragon Clan with his fellow Circle members. Tenar received a summons to meet Tal’mov Kalkelam on Caladoulor, caught off-guard when the planet was teleported away during the Sundering. He never did see Tal’mov having attempted to wrest from the grand mage Dragonfire’s location. 
He ended up around a small group of humans creating a settlement. Thinking of the Circle’s decree, Tenar knew that at some point he’d again face Dragonfire and wanted to find a means of hiding until that day. This human settlement suited him, as did the friendship of the settlement’s leader, Dumogu Canen. Tenar always found him “blissfully ignorant” when it came to the ways of magic and chose to use that ignorance to his advantage. 
Using magic initially to control Dumogu, Tenar established the realm of Harem and did everything in his power to influence its prosperity. Knowing he needed a smoke screen to effectively be lost to the eyes of Dragonfire, Tenar directed his energies in making sure Dumogu heavily involved himself in creating schools and trade, beginning the first stages of what would become Harem’s glowing achievements. 
For two hundred years Tenar has kept his sights on Harem, finding he no longer needed to be as active as before with his influence with the voristaors of the Canen family readily accepting him and rarely challenging his opinion. To Tenar’s surprise each generation of Canen family members has repeatedly gotten smarter, sometimes forcing Tenar to read their minds to educate himself. 
For the grand mage it is a good thing, showing that he has successfully made Harem the trade and educational dynamo it is currently, with very intelligent leaders to continue that tradition. It hasn’t been completely easy, but certainly enough to give him spare time to train for the battle he knows will come to fruition when Dragonfire appears once more. 
He’s labored for years to create golems superior to those Dragonfire was famous for, finally succeeding in Socronis; an energy golem and true testament of magical power. This golem only came about recently in the two hundred years of toil, a work of magical art he crafted around the birth of Vorist Stark Canen. 
When war erupted in Ertius, Tenar found himself having to help field the various duties of the reigning voristaor, Talitar Canen, trying to keep Harem together without magical influence giving him away. In that respect Tenar credits Talitar, both diplomatically and charismatically. The Harem voristaor lived up to his title through the Dwarf/Elf War despite his wife’s death and trying to raise three sons. 
Now, with some things settling down, Tenar has helped focus Talitar on Ertius and the United Realms, seeking to unite Harem with Ertius finally in marriage and through that marriage and alliance into the United Realms, which would further exploit the trade commodities of Harem and expand its power and influence. And if Tenar is lucky, such an expanse of power will continue to be attributed to Talitar and the voristaors of Harem rather than himself, giving him a perfect smoke screen to attack from when the day comes. If only Tal’mov would not continually pop his head into Tenar’s affairs making it excessively difficult to keep a low profile. 

Return to Table of Contents
Worraq Sordallyn
The son of a wealthy aristocrat in the Tygon Empire, Worraq Sordallyn was inevitably destined to study in the prestigious schools of Harem as training to succeed his father’s position and continue to have his family name maintained in the Tygon government. Thankfully to Worraq’s credit he excelled at school, learning five cultural languages long before beginning his attendance in Harem. 
Though his father wanted him to focus strictly on politics and military classes, Worraq repeatedly found himself intrigued with Zoological Studies and ancient history classes. Amidst both of these subjects, Worraq met and befriended a young woman named Sei’elle Vyardukel. Worraq has repeatedly credited her for saving his faltering grades in Harem because she could easily write in common tongue, something he could only do with difficulty. Often he’d seek her help in translating and writing up papers for him to avoid issues with the various teachers wanting him to abstain from the Tygon written script. 
For Worraq’s parents, Sei’elle was a blessing as it allowed him to remain an active student and revived his troubled schooling. It wasn’t until Worraq took part in the Ancient Studies classes that he found a subject he felt could marry his passions for history and his father’s urging for political gain. The allure of finding sites in Hessera that would be pilgrimage sites and cement his name in history made for an attractive offer to both explore his passions and temporarily remove his parents from their constant attempts to get him to take more political classes. 


Creatures
Return to Table of Contents
A’tetherok
Nowadays, a natural a’tetherok society is hard to find, mostly because such societies are usually cliff dwellings or ocean-side drop offs with extensive internal caves. It is this combination of steep drops and cavernous networks that has shaped the small community of a’tetheroks into their curious species. 
One of the greatest issues of question holds to the two genders. Both male and female a’tetheroks have long thin tails, but between genders massive differences are striking. The crests of female a’tetheroks have three finger-like points sweeping back from the forehead down both sides of the skull and one down the center. These fingers are relatively straight, vastly different to the two knurls of thick flesh on the men which rise up and back from the forehead in line with the eye sockets. These arms of flesh—much thicker and bulkier—curve down the skull and wrap below the ears almost like a ram’s horn. The function of these crests remains in debate, less because they are commonly considered erogenous zones on the a’tetherok as much as the formation seems difficult to trace the evolutionary reasons for the differences per gender. 
But the most distinct difference between a’tetheroks are the four wings of the females, a feature the males don’t share. Whereas males must walk at all times, female a’tetheroks have four bat-like wings sprouting from their backs, giving them six upper limbs when included with their humanoid arms. Like harpies, a’tetherok women cannot truly fly with these wings as the muscles are quite small. At best they are gliders on the updrafts of drop-offs and sea currents. 
It has been theorized that this ability to both glide and securely hold objects might be an evolutionary aspect to carry children from danger. This theory runs congruent with others about display purposes, noting that known female a’tetheroks have a tendency to splay their wings when angry or aroused, and have the ability to use these four wings to wrap themselves and someone close rather well. Upon examination of these wings, the myriad of thin blood vessels has also explained the women’s ability to flush the wing membranes bright red, a signal of warning or arousal in many species. 
Two features of the a’tetherok have gained for more intrigue in recent years, beyond gender discrepancies: the ears and the luminous patches of skin. Displayed across an a’tetherok’s body are symmetrical, small patches—usually two on the forehead and a bounty of them on the chest and forearms—that can illuminate. Within these pockets of bioluminescence is a component known as luciferin—a bioluminescent most commonly displayed in fireflies— producing light when oxygen is combined with luciferase—an enzyme that acts in tandem with luciferin—and thus providing light in the darkest of catacombs they live in. It is with these patches of light on their bodies that the a’tetheroks can have complex societies in the dark caves of their more “natural” habitats without draining the air of oxygen from firelight. 
This system would be overlooked were it not for the very pointed ears the a’tetheroks similarly showcase. The idea first started as a musing of whether or not a’tetheroks were in fact elves. This was initially disregarded until the luciferin patches were ascribed to dark elves—an elf species also cavernous in nature and possessing the same manner of lighted patchwork—and theories began in earnest to link dark elf evolution—and the bizarre sudden growth of luciferin—to a similar ancestor with the a’tetheroks. 
Due to the difficulty in finding a “natural environment” with a’tetheroks actively living in communities, tracing either lineage back is all but impossible. Even the known a’tetheroks in various societies can’t remember where their ancestors might have come from, making the venture quite difficult and leaving the issue in unresolved debate. 

Return to Table of Contents
Caracanrei
There are several conflicting reports on the first times human civilizations encountered caracanrei civilizations, however, the “cat people” as they were often termed certainly had a curiosity which seemed shared by the caracanrei by the distinct lack of hair by most humanoids they met. Much effort has been put forth to determine if indeed there is a feline lineage to the caracanrei, or whether their striking resemblance to big cats is subjective. 
Though the nose and bodily markings, as well as the tail, repeatedly points to a feline ancestry—spurred greater by the ornate markings of the caracanrei often resembling everything from a tiger’s markings to ocelots—several key issues are missing or seemingly inappropriate. Whiskers, a key feature for all sizes of predatory cats, are missing, and though not a major issue, it seems the female caracanrei have large bushes of hair on their scalp, almost like a male lion’s mane. 
This feature is varied as greatly as their markings, with several caracanrei having a mane similar to a human’s hair placement, whereas others have bushels of growth lining the shoulders and collarbone. Some have both aspects, like a true mane. Further examination has concluded that clumps of hair sprouting out from the sides of the chin, just below either cheek, are modified whiskers, though these seem less about locating bite placement and feeling through the dark as much as they are erogenous zones for both males and females. 
Over the years, it has become increasingly apparent that the caracanrei have been as voracious in exploration and civilizations as several other humanoid species, making their original home world very difficult to discern. In popular culture, it is of little issue, but for many scientists this distinct lack of origin makes it hard to study the evolution of this feline species. 
For many, the caracanrei represent ferocious beauty, repeatedly being considered both the most graceful and beautiful creatures as easily as they are considered the greatest hunters and fiercest warriors. Some attribute this to the hyoid bone in their mouths. For smaller cats the bone is completely hardened and allows for purring, whereas in most large cats this bone has an elastic segment allowing for a bellowing roar and only a “purring” noise as they exhale. Caracanrei have ligaments and taut muscles around the elastic segment, bridging the gap between roaring and purring through controlled muscular responses. Generally in the caracanrei, this attribute is an aspect of arousal, the muscle tightening out of excited blood reflexes. 
Socially, caracanrei have a wide variety of differences between one another, with large groupings of caracanrei being very social—almost pack-like—in their lives and others very solitary. It is not known yet if this is an aspect of evolving from felines, which have both aspects of family versus single hunters, or social conditioning. Whatever their relation to felines, the caracanrei have repeatedly showcased their social strengths throughout the centuries of their inclusion to humanoid history, as the hunters, the hunted, and the lovers. 

Return to Table of Contents
Golem
The word golem literally means “body without soul” from ancient texts in the crumbling pages of fading history. This distinction clearly meant to separate this artificial creature from the living, breathing creator and general living animals. The creation of golems has a long twisting path of mistakes, but general consensus centers around the first know cases of golems, and the refinement of methods from that starting point. 
In the golems’ history mages speak of the Rorj’golém, the god of golems, specifically because this man among mortals is credited not only with the first known golems but also a dizzying array of them. The first known golem was made of clay and by today’s standards would be considered rudimentary. The Rorj’golém controlled his golem personally, using constant magical influence to bring motion to the formed shape. Doing this requires great physical endurance as the constant maintenance of keeping a golem moving is physically taxing. 
Over centuries of experiments inspired by the Rorj’golém, golems now have a gem-like heart, inscribed with energy-producing magic runes to harbor the necessary output without constantly draining the mage creating the golem. Such is the defining difference between rudimentary golems and complex golems, since the former can only last as long as the mage’s concentration and the latter can become more and more aware of their surroundings depending on their mage’s abilities. 
In looking at the first known battle with golems, that of the Rygem’dor War in Hessera, mages have sought to comprehend exactly how powerful the Rorj’golém was. According to accounts by the Rygem’dor army, at Genlindal they faced a massive army of clay golems, with golems of mud, dirt, grass, rock and sand notably joining the fray in large numbers as the battle progressed. If this is true, the Rorj’golém had a characteristic most mages do not, in that he could maintain the energy life of an army of golems and manipulate their actions simultaneously. 
By what documents are known, mages have gleaned at least a few prospects of how he accomplished part of this. According to surviving accounts, the Rygem’dor army entered Genlindal in the middle of a thick fogbank. They accounted for numerous stoic clay humanoids that they believed were the townsfolk of Genlindal cursed to clay. The accounts spoke of flashes of violet, and the golems starting to move after they’d gained glowing violet eyes. If these accounts are to be trusted, then the Rorj’golém may have placed an army of built golems in advance of the Rygem’dor army and merely waited for the tribesmen to be in striking distance. This would have cut down the dramatic amount of magic needed to sustain constant warfare. 
Compounding the thought, it is known now that even a rudimentary golem can have mental attributes ascribed to it quickly. By that token, it is believed the Rorj’golém may have been able to give his golem army his aggression and merely kept their energy needs proper while the golems acted on their own volition. Considering all accounts say Genlindal’s residents were already evacuated, it is likely the Rorj’golém did not need to worry about who his golems attacked. This detail of select aggression has repeatedly been addressed ever since, with mages carving runes of obedience to the golems’ creators above all else, and thus relying on the creator of the golem to order its attacks or its passivity. 
Practitioners of golem creation have repeatedly sought to make more “perfect” golems by trying to provide greater aspects of biological life to their creations. Success has been marked with golems being able to have genitalia and breed with humanoid species, creating a myriad of hybrids that blur the line between soulless creations and living beings. Continued working has helped create smarter golems, using a variety of tools to try and artificially create a brain from which the golems can learn. 
Over the years, mages have repeatedly followed a fascination with every new discovery, from the creation of a larynx to the binding of energy into a humanoid form for golems of flame, lightening, or pure energy itself. But each golem retains the embedded declaration to hold to its creator’s will, leaving a secondary issue for many mages to deal with. 
Since golems can outlast their creators in lifespan, it was inevitable that a golem would become master-less. Such golems have been considered rogue golems, wanderers, and the forsaken, depending on the witness of these golems’ actions. The issue comes from the golem’s lack of any controller, leaving the golem to decide for itself how it will function in society. Invariably this leads to conflicts, and rogue golems have a tendency to defend themselves accordingly. 
By this token, much has been garnered by golems over the centuries, specifically the more complex golems can be sophisticates of society if they are reared like children and taught the complexities of the cultures they inhabit. Mages have endeavored to find new ways of instilling greater intelligence to give these rogue golems a life beyond their creators. All attempts continue to blur the line between life and artificial life. 

Return to Table of Contents
Clay Golem
For a long time, clay golems were not considered “formless golems.” In truth, most clay golems were created in humanoid form and then little imagination was put forth to exploit its properties. Because of a clay golem’s viscosity, no one paid much thought to changing their humanoid forms. A punch or sword thrust would get stuck in the goop of its body and the density of the clay was always enough to allow a clay golem to batter a foe. 
This speaks nothing of the flexibility of clay, allowing it to bend limbs without snapping or cracking like hard rock golems. So their humanoid form stayed relatively the same from their first recorded creation at Genlindal by the legendary Rorj’golém, up past the Sundering. When mages began making strides in sand and water golems, the appeal of formless golems started taking shape in the magic community. 
Slowly many schools of thought started to see what other creations could be amplified by such discoveries, allowing the clay golem to move into the formless category. They are widely considered the greatest golem design for their durability and now because of their versatility. 
The only true drawback of a clay golem is its speed. The viscosity is such to allow the thick clay to move, but not with aggressive speed. As such, clay golems can manage a burst or two, great for an attack, but never really travel very quickly. Attempts to hasten them has exploited the issue of water dissolving clay’s consistency, making it even more important to be an expert mage in formless golem creation to counteract the issues of a clay golem turning into a puddle of muck during a rain storm or other such issues with water. 

Return to Table of Contents
Dirt Golems
The particulate matter in dirt is perhaps one of the main reasons why dirt golems are much more durable than they appear. They can often be found with large clumps of grass still on them and moving at lumbering speed toward a foe, but the dirt golems are best made as defenders, if one wants to use them wisely. 
They are one of the more fanciful golems in fact, something easily created because of the abundance of material and yet they are not the greatest of fighters. This is simply seen in the arms. When swinging an arm, the velocity can be to the limb’s disability and cause the dirt to shatter off easily. But the torso is thickly packed, making it very difficult to penetrate or bust through completely, hence their adept defense capabilities. 
Some mages have learned that if they make the dirt golems more advanced, the golem can reconstitute its broken limbs by bringing dirt from its legs and forming new arms. These more advanced golems are rare since that takes quite a lot of thought and effort into making and usually are only successful in prolonging the golem’s destruction, making it a waste of artistic talent. Dirt golems therefore are more like fodder in an assault and likewise in defending, offering only a means of blockade running or stalling an army long enough for a proper defense to be assembled. 

Return to Table of Contents
Grass Golem
Most grass golems are less grass and more clumps of dirt with grass growing out of them. As such it is hard to tell when the first grass golems truly began to be made. True grass golems tend to look like humanoid forms wrapped in winding greens. Some grass golems have been classified as formless golems because of their tendril-like designs. 
Mages seeking to create grass golems tend to have farms of various plant species, allowing for longer chutes of grass fiber rather than bristles of short blades. Even as such, grass golems usually aren’t only composed of grass, but instead include everything from weeds to flower stems. It’s the predominance of grass that gains most their classification away from the amalgamated plant golems. 
Some grass golems have no human form to speak of. One account spoke of a field of tall grass outside of a town which was actually an entire grass golem which would come alive at any intruder, unless its mage caretaker commanded it otherwise. Grass golems of this sort are less physically damaging as they are mentally effective, creating hundreds of historical accounts of cursed lands that will try to swallow you whole. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rock Golem
In the Dark Wars—before the first recorded golem hybrid—rock golems were quite common and remain so today. There are numerous types, but each are crafted from the hard rock found about on the ground; commonly the indistinguishable rocks or assorted rocks gain a golem the general term of rock golem. 
All rock golems have a harsh, stagnant mobility. Their size and weight hinder; as do the often-solid arms, which need to be chiseled to allow it movement. The construct of magic creating the rock golems increases the flexibility of the rock to only a relatively small degree, causing the rock golems to often chip themselves in their movement. 
The rock golem classification ranges from not only the three main types of rock—igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary—but also to combinations of rock and even to debris, such as a pebble golem or a rubble golem. They are classified as the most resilient of golems and one of the most dangerous, being able to withstand virtually all other golems and most common attacks. Brute magical force is needed to destroy these constructs of magic and—depending on the mage—even obliterating a solid golem to dust won’t stop its movements. 
Thanks to the dubious records of history, debate rages around the rock golem and the gold golem. The first recorded hybrid birth of golem and human came from a gold golem. And yet even with this account, there is debate among mages and historians as to whether the first hybrid was a golden human or a rock human. The sheer number of rock golem cases outweighed the gold golems by a substantial number by the availability of rock in comparison to gold. Most mages do not care, concentrating instead on perfecting the golems and in so doing showing their superior skills as a mage. Still, the controversy will not rest soon. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rock Dogs
Technically speaking, there isn’t an official classification for rock dogs, as they are truthfully rock golems, given a hound shape rather than the classic humanoid form. It should be noted, however, that trying to remake rock dogs in tandem with the accounts of their use in Genlindal has led to several experiments in fundamental golem design. 
Most golems are either created from a single shape, or conjoined parts, such as pebble golems or shard golems. These conjoined golems require magic bindings to keep their various small parts from falling off. The bindings are supposed to be a magic glue only, something to constrict the form, but trying to recreate a rock dog required a vast rethinking of these bindings. 
To achieve the flexibility and speed necessary to match the accounts of Héro’daetïus and Nelledotor Greymic Halino at Genlindal almost have the rock parts of the golem several finger widths apart. This threatens the stability of a golem to stay upright when at rest, and even more in massive movements to maintain incredible speed. 
Perfecting magical bonds has become a science in and of itself now, allowing some golems, like the splinter golem, to become a maelstrom rather than a single form. Instead of solely maintaining a humanoid shape, these formless golems can widen their bindings, allowing them to almost dissolve in shape and lash out in all directions. The malleable effect has the look of water in its swirling nature, even though these golems are usually made of hard, rigid materials. 
Since no one can say for sure how the rock dogs were made, all successful attempts have made many magic historians suggest that rock dogs are the first formless golem, at least by the basis of the binding magics. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sand Golem
Early sand golems had as much promise as they did problems. Though the first accounts of sand golems in history was at the Battle of Genlindal, mages widely accept that these golems were simple in construction, using regular humanoid movements like bashing and grabbing. Later mages trying to recreate sand golems found in their imaginations ways of exploiting the material of these golems. 
Consisting of loose sand, the reasonable logic of sand golems shifting their forms for the situation or even splattering foes with their sand bodies in some manner of harsh spray seemed not only plausible but worth trying. These experiments soon led to a whole array of problems that plague sand golems to this day. 
Shifting the form of a sand golem will stretch out the magic bindings of each sand grain. Changing a five-fingered fist into a square block for example shifts so many bindings that the solid square shape becomes permeable by hard objects and likely will fall apart into a clump of lifeless sand on the floor. Spraying sand from the body all but destroys a sand golem because the bindings are snapped, allowing a golem only as many attempts as it has particles of sand to fling. 
The most complex of maneuvers, like a sand golem dropping to the ground in a seeming puddle of sand, moving about and returning to its humanoid form easily destroys the golem. For many mages, this meant the sand golem was not worth pursuing. Mages with advanced flame techniques could melt sand golems into glass and shatter them into meaningless glass bits. Or even simpler, a strong gust of wind could simply rip a sand golem apart. Even water would slow the golem down and make it easier to break apart in clumps. 
But for some mages, they did not see this as a death knell for the capabilities of a sand golem, or other particulate golems. The same problems existed with water golems and liquid metallic golems made of quicksilver or titold metal. Much of the research continued to find more problems needing to be addressed until one mage started employing secondary research to the overall issue. 
For years, several mages were trying to remake the rock dogs spoken of at Genlindal. To achieve the proper speed and flexibility these dogs reportedly had required a vast reworking of the magic bindings between rock shards to act less like cement and more like tendons and strings. Successful recreations of rock dogs ended up with rocks joined by magic that could be as far as a finger length from one another. 
This research into malleable bindings started becoming employed on several other golem designs, specifically the sand golems. Several mages found that adding a central core, usually a jewel of some manner, allowed rune inscriptions to store information like magical bindings and personality with less energy required holding the sand golems in their form. This led to further experiments in creating small glass shards that were etched with hundreds of small runes to maintain wide bindings placed throughout the body. 
The most complex of designs created a skin of sand capable of separating from every grain in that skin by as much as a hand’s width. These golems would then be seeded with layers of similarly bound sand to provide substance as well as sand artillery. The strongest of all sand golems, however, use a combination of sand skin and jeweled commands. 
Starting from a small clump of sand around small shards of rune-lined glass, sheath after sheath of sand skin is created over each other. This layering effect from the inside out, supplemented with small glass shards, allows the most complex golems to almost completely lose shape and form, while still having centralized commands throughout the body. The glass shards create a network pathway of commands from the central core, allowing a sand golem to flex its shape wherever a glass shard is and control that shape when it is in any way destroyed. 
This concept has been copied to other golems, like those of water or pebbles, to create a new class of “formless golems” which have greater dexterity in combat and require greater golem understanding to create. A problem with formless golems from this technique though is a lack of complex thinking. The intelligence of a sand golem or other formless golems is solely animalistic, bound to the will of its creator and only able to execute the mage’s commands rather than socially think or interact. 
Many formless golems are actually true husks, their mages controlling every aspect of the golem through their control points to allow these golems to become versatile and intelligent. Husks are nothing new and as a subgenre of golems are often regarded as simple golems much like those from the Rorj’golém. They are widely discouraged in true golem craftsmanship since the golems can do nothing on their own. Still, formless golems, husks or no, would not have been conceived were it not for the accounts of the Rorj’golém’s creations at Genlindal. 

Return to Table of Contents
Harpy
Long before the first hives were found, and long before any civilizations could establish peaceful relations, the first harpy body was found a few hundred paces from a mountain side. Looking at this human-shaped body, born with bird-like feet, a fully plumed tail, and two massive wings for arms, the obvious misinterpretations of their abilities is understandable. Even after seeing living harpies gliding through the air, the mystique of how a humanoid shape could fly remained enough to entrench harpies into folklore as aerial spirits that could whisk children away in the night. 
Today, it is widely understood that a harpy has little to no ability of flight; moreover it is the character of their wings that we know now a harpy is truly a gliding species. They have no pectoral girdle for one, a critical aspect in flight as it provides an anchor for massive pectoral muscles needed for flapping wings. The massive wings therefore had to be examined, leading much detailed analysis of the hands. 
On closer inspection of the hands, and cross-comparison to a bird’s wing structure, several key bone structures were shifted and fused. A harpy’s hand almost matches a human’s, save for the fourth finger, which looks more like a bird’s metacarpal than the smallest of the fingers on a human hand. This joint is attached to a carpal joint much like a bird’s wing, but separate from the wrist of the rest of the hand. As a result, the bird-like manus (hand) sprouting from this carpal joint can be tucked back, allowing a harpy to walk upright without dragging their wings against the ground. 
The manus lays parallel to the ulna until the harpy flies, at which point the manus splays forward to spread the wings fully. In observing harpies, scientists watched them use their three human fingers and thumb to climb up, keeping the manus tucked in. Only on appropriate updrafts would harpies glide about. 
This observation clarified many unresolved issues about why harpies had wings if they could not fly on their own. With such massive feathers and abundant plumage, the mystery of harpy evolution rested mostly in their cliff-dwelling nature, flying on updraft currents of air, allowing harpies to dominate the skies around several coasts and cliffs, but very few other places. 
To this day, it is still unknown if harpies give birth to live young or eggs, an aspect that continues to keep classifying harpies scientifically difficult. Unfortunately for several scientists, though they know societies that historically would have an answer by their close relations to several harpy species, those societies have been as reluctant to answer such basic questions as harpy hives have. It is a question scientists patiently wait an answer for.

Return to Table of Contents
Lomogu
To the unfamiliar observer, a lomogu is often times referred to as a giant, horned kangaroo. This is accurate to a point, though there is still a lengthy debate over how it could relate to the kangaroo families. Lomogus are marsupials, breeding live young and storing their children in pouches at the belly. 
The large horns have been traced in similarity to a ram’s horn, which, if true would classify the lomogu as a bovid. The bovids include such diverse forms as gazelles, buffalo, mountain goats, and domesticated species such as cattle, sheep, and goats. They can range in size from something the size of a jackrabbit to goliaths, with no defined look such as slender and graceful with long thin legs or stocky and massive. There isn’t even a consistent pattern to markings, as some have none. 
But all bovids have horns on their frontals, at least in males and often in females. These horns vary from simple spikes to extremely long, curved and spiraled structures; but always un-branched. Bovid horns are made up of a permanent bony core covered with a layer of keratin, which is never shed. The hard coating of keratin is not something new and certainly expected. Keratin is in hair, fingernails, and horns giving it rigidity and strength. When enough is present, the form becomes so hard, it mimics bone. 
At times, it can seem that a lomogu is a slow, plodding animal, loping like rabbits as they move slowly to graze on vegetation. However, on their two long legs, they bound at high speed, racing over rocky terrain effortlessly. How these animals are so specialized to leap and scrabble over boulders, cliffs, ledges, and outcrops still baffles scientists, considering they can do so with cargo. 
The soles of their rear feet are enlarged, padded, and roughened for excellent grip, allowing these omnivores the chance to chase down prey when vegetation isn’t enough. Their strong backs, legs, and sheer size—seven feet standing up, twelve feet long—allows these animals to carry riders much like horses of other worlds. This domestication has only increased their versatility since their riders and trainers take extra care to make sure they are well fed and groomed, as well as exercised to their fullest potentials. 
Of particular interest is the maintaining of the coat. Lomogu are mountain forest animals, covered in dark fur with thin bands of white leading to a white underbelly. They can have numerous white spots and crescent shapes along the neck and face, but the banding has taken on varied significance. 
Of the original herders in ancient Hessera, the overall dorsal black was never a problem, but in the desert plains of Hessera now, what few lomogus are still bred—mostly as icons of a time long ago—are carefully selected to have larger white bands than the thin banded lomogus of other worlds. This attempt to provide greater amounts of white to reflect the hot desert sun has worked somewhat in many people’s eyes, though they still make sure to keep the animals penned under awnings and various shades to keep them healthy. 

Return to Table of Contents
Loxodont
To best wrap your mind around a loxodont, first picture a full-grown bull elephant of any species, and then make the elephant bigger. Cover the body in plates and you essentially have a loxodont. For the most part, loxodont physiology has been successfully related to other known elephant species. They have a gestation period of twenty months—only two months shorter than most elephants—and stand well above an average human. 
Like elephants, the tusks are actually upper incisors of an elephant’s dental design. They end up being used for digging, ripping up bark, foraging, weapons, and sometimes for simply carrying a heavy trunk. Fundamentally, tusks are no different from ordinary teeth. Around the second or third year of a loxodont’s life, the permanent tusks begin to protrude beyond the lip and will continue growing throughout its life. Given time, because of the typical sinusoidal curved growth pattern, tusks of a loxodont will grow into a spiral shape. About a quarter of the tusk is hidden within the socket, with the actual base of the tusk being hollow and containing the pulp cavity. The tusk grows from its base as fresh dentine is slowly deposited over the surface of the pulp cavity, and interestingly enough for females the cavity fills completely with age, thus stopping growth. 
Two key features clearly separate the loxodont from most elephants: the horns and the scutes. Above the eyes and the nasal cavity, loxodonts have a trio of yard-long horns rising out from the skull. These are grown much like the tusks of the loxodont, born of a fierce trident arrangement that clearly defines the loxodont visually. For a time, many scientists were willing to accept the same sort of growth for the horns that wrap around the trunk and surround the eyes of the loxodont. Finally, is odd formation was better looked upon. 
At first, scientists were willing to attribute the horns of the loxodont in the same category as bovids. Bovid horns are made up of a permanent bony core covered with a layer of keratin, which is never shed. The bovid classification can include everything from gazelles to cattle, sheep and buffalo, ranging in size from rodents to colossal sizes. Bovids are devoid of consistent shapes, and even their markings can be elaborate or non-existent. But all bovids have horns on their frontals, at least in males and often in females. These horns vary from simple spikes to extremely long, curved and spiraled structures; but always un-branched. 
This theory was never actually examined for a very long time until finally the issue of the horns around the eye spoke to several examiners of “branching” which would either make loxodonts bovids with branching horns, or would classify them in the same categories as rhinos and deer. 
Horns of most animals have a bony core covered by a sheath of keratin. Keratin is in hair, fingernails, and horns giving it rigidity and strength when enough is present.  On closer examination of the trident horns, and the curved horns around the eyes, no one could find a bony core. Essentially, all of the horn structures are specialized sections of hair growing tightly together and strengthened to rigid fashion. 
Scientists have finally concluded the deposits of calcium and melanin in the center core of these types of horns provides that rigidity. This strengthens the keratin horns to a bone-like consistency of a strong core with progressively weaker layers which can be worn down to sharper spikes. The horns can and do curve in their growth. This is attributed to greater keratin growth to one side rather than the other, which can lead to several fascinating horn shapes on loxodonts. 
When looking at the plates that cover a loxodont much like an armadillo, the animals were surprisingly similar to turtles in the shell constructions. More pointedly the bony plates are much like the scutes that make up a turtle’s characteristic shell. On a turtle the upper scutes are called the carapace with the belly called the plastron, and since loxodonts do not have belly scutes, scientists only refer to their carapace. These plates are made up of many separate bones, all joined together by sutures. 
The scutes are actually the tough keratin covering of the surface of these bony plates, with seams where the scutes meet. Oddly enough, there are fewer scutes than bones. Like a turtle shell—made up of about fifty bones and covered by twenty-six scutes—the scutes of the loxodont cover over twice as many bones as are present in the body, having the effect of plate mail covering chain mail. 
As a loxodont grows, a new layer of keratin is added under the existing keratin. The new layers form prominent growth rings. Despite popular notion, the number of growth rings does not always tell the exact age of the loxodont. If the conditions are right, several rings may be laid down in one year. Also growth rings may become worn as the animal ages. In very old loxodonts, the scutes may become completely smooth. 
For years scientists have been debating the reason a loxodont would evolve such plated defenses, searching in vain for various predators that might have benefited from facing regular elephants rather than the armored loxodont. Though none have surfaced as yet, it is not outside the realm of possibility that these scutes developed for protection. 
A new theory however postulates that the scutes were for maintaining hydration. The arid plains of ancient Hessera could have easily dehydrated such a large animal, and possibly the scutes acted in efficient ways to retain water. Since several loxodonts can still be found in Hessera, this theory seems at least mostly valid, if not in tandem with the defense theory of larger predators. 

Return to Table of Contents
Methrian
Visually a methrian seems a simple construct. A thick, muscular humanoid body with an elephant-like head attached. For the most part, this is accurate, at least as far as basic functions and organs are concerned. Physiologically, they processes of a methrian seem to bear repeated aspects of elephants rather than humans. 
Predominantly, methrian males have four tusks and two horns above their trunk. Like elephants, the tusks are actually upper incisors of an elephant’s dental design. Unlike elephants, these tusks are often considered aesthetic rather than foraging tools, though like elephants they can be used as weapons. 
Fundamentally, tusks are no different from ordinary teeth. Around the second or third year of a methrian’s life, the permanent tusks begin to protrude beyond the lip and will continue growing throughout a methrian’s life. Given time, because of the typical sinusoidal curved growth pattern, the upper tusks of a methrian will grow into a spiral shape. Curiously, the lower two tusks seem to have less of a sinusoidal curve pattern, leaving them rather straight; though they do curve progressively upward with age. About a quarter of the tusk is hidden within the socket, with the actual base of the tusk being hollow and containing the pulp cavity. The tusk grows from its base as fresh dentine is slowly deposited over the surface of the pulp cavity, and interestingly enough for females the cavity fills completely with age, thus stopping growth. 
Above the eyes and the nasal cavity, methrian males have two horns rising out from the skull. Horns of most animals have a bony core covered by a sheath of keratin. Keratin is in hair, fingernails, and horns, and when enough is present it provides rigidity and strength. Horns have no bony core and are in fact specialized sections of hair growing tightly together and strengthened to rigid fashion. The horns can and do curve in their growth as one side more than another produces greater keratin, which can lead to several fascinating horn shapes on methrians. 
Some further characteristics make it hard to deny an elephant-like lineage somewhere in the methrian’s evolution. In heated days, methrians cool off by fanning their massive ears. The ears are loaded with blood vessels which are cooled by the fanning motion and then circulated throughout the body, cooling the methrian fully. Methrian women can be pregnant anywhere from twelve to fifteen months long, about half of an elephant’s gestation period. The trunk is no less dexterous on a methrian than on an elephant, able to pick up items, temporarily suck up water before shooting it into the mouth, and acting like an expressive appendage. 
But two features lay skeletal claim to some of the more unexpected aspects of a methrian. Firstly, methrians stomp when they walk. Their feet are wide and flat like an elephant, removing any ability to roll the foot from heel to toe like other humanoids. This also helps the methrian bear the weight of its usually thick skeleton and heavy muscles. 
The second most striking feature of a methrian though is its cervical vertebrae. The cervical vertebrae are the immediate bones protruding from the skull, making up the neck of vertebrate animals. Almost all mammals have seven cervical vertebrae, even giraffes. There are some variations, but for the most part this is the common place to allow ample flexibility in the neck for turning the head about. Methrians have four stocky cervical vertebrae. Each bone is wide and thick, likely necessary to handle the weight of the skull even from a vertical compression as. This makes a methrian’s skull turning radius very limited, let alone its overall ability to maneuver. Despite this, methrians are hardly considered incapable. They are quick to move the rest of their bodies and can adjust to the lack of head mobility with little effort. 

Return to Table of Contents
Pterapthyodes
The history of the pterapthyodes has been a sordid tale of exploration for similar species, classifications, and confusions. It is widely considered a part of the class Agnatha, a very specific grouping of early vertebrae fish devoid of jaws. Issue has risen of this classification, considering the same grouping includes the likes of lampreys and hagfish, but the classification has stood the test of debate repeatedly. 
From what is known and interpreted, this primitive form of vertebrate possesses the important characteristics of having a head and cranium, a brain, and paired sight organs. They are considered the first bony animals for even though their vertebrae are predominantly cartilaginous elements on the dorsal surface of the large, persistent notochord—and the internal skeletons are similarly cartilaginous—the heavy scales and armor of the Agnatha has bone. These bony fish are typically devoid of jaws, true teeth, girdles, and appendages, however pectoral spikes, folds, and lobes are often present. 
The mystery of the pterapthyodes is in its personal evolution, seemingly a variant strain in subclasses of the Agnatha, the Ostracodermi. Ostracoderm means “shell skin,” a quality of both the bony skull carapace as well as the bone-laded scales. However these are generally very small, fish-like animals living mostly in freshwater streams. Pterapthyodes seem to be a species grafted from the two Orders: Cephalaspidomorpha and Pteraspidomorpha. 
Cephalaspids have depressed heads and dorsal eyes, characteristic of their bottom-dwelling nature in streams and ponds. They tend to feast in the mud or sand, with a ventral mouth ideal for the task. 
Pteraspids—a word meaning “wing and shield”—share similarities to cephalaspids in that they have a heavy shield of armor covering the head and anterior part of the body. The rostrum usually projects over the mouth and often there are large spines on the shield or along the back. 
In this marriage of concepts, pterapthyodes seem to be a completely different Order, or at least room for debate remains in which Order it should be classified under. For the moment, most consider it a pteraspid, based on its overall shape, but several scientists long to classify it separately. However it eventually is classified, the pterapthyodes exceeds all sizes of its Agnatha counterparts. 
Rather than small fish-like bodies, the pterapthyodes is a massive fish, sometimes growing the length and bulk of an average human male. They feed well in freshwater lakes and rivers, and are found in the saltwater oceans, another reason these fish are often debated for renewed classification. 
Since the largest known fish was in the confinement of a freshwater lake, several scientists wonder how large they could get without the larger food supplies of the open oceans. Characteristically, these fish are bottom dwellers, living off of the smaller fish they find in the silt, sand, and mud. Several farming communities have created large pits for a lake to breed and grow crops of pterapthyodes. 
Not only are they a viable source for food, but their bony scales and bony plates of the cranium make for a myriad of tools, clothing, and armor. The leather-like interior of their skin in conjunction with the bony scales makes the pterapthyodes a commodity for warfare, still incredibly durable against most modern blades, water proof, and a strong thermal wear that allows an easier layer of protection from the cold—a dual result of its waterproof skin and ability to store and maintain internal heat. 
Because of the economic benefits, “pteraskin,” as it is often called, has boosted rearing larger fish for greater profits. Fishing for these massive fish has remained the same for centuries, literally requiring farmers to wade into the silt and mud with their hands pressing along the mud or into holes. The farmers then hope the pterapthyodes will bite at their hands with their knob-like teeth. From this they can grab onto a pterapthyodes from the inside of its mouth along its cartilaginous mouth. 
However, since these fish aren’t the only ones swimming in feral lakes, fishing for wild pterapthyodes has a history of men, women, and children getting fingers bitten off by other marine creatures. As such, it is not uncommon to find fishermen missing fingers if they are selling pteraskin products without the benefits of their own contained lakes. Even the contained ones have a habit of acquiring other animal species on occasion. The benefits of these creatures has far outweighed the dangers for many, however.

Return to Table of Contents
Tygon
As a matter of social grace, it is expected that when spelling the species name “Tygon,” one must always do so with a capital “T.” Whether this is a matter of ego, or not, social graces have accepted these terms of spelling. 
There are various species of Tygons, and most are identified by the “butterfly bone” facial structures. In adulthood, these structures resemble bat-like wings protruding from the face, but truly identifying a Tygon species comes from their prepubescent skulls. Current research has begun to concentrate on the Tygon physiology with regards to puberty, linking the changes the bone structures, the beginnings of crest growth, and other puberty-related symptoms. By and large, it appears the beginnings of crest growth are in the eighth or ninth year, with the crest growing at the latest by the age of ten. Each of these early stages shows such striking similarities that even the greatest differences in Tygon appearance—that of the Fiorin Tygons—can be traced back to a common Tygon physiological heritage. In all species of Tygons—including those which do not appear to have a “butterfly bone” structure in adulthood—have on their skulls several nodes which become active during puberty. 
The nodes are commonly on the brows, cheeks, and bridge of the nose, and from these the butterfly bone starts to grow out, and because they are already wrapped by the skin, Tygon children do not experience the same pains a baby does when teeth (for example) grow through the gums. The “butterfly bone” is actually hair, though few common illusions would agree to that. The crest is similar to the horns of rhinoceroses, growing hair in shaped spikes that are hardened by large amounts of keratin. This gives the hair such firm rigidity as to mimic bone and is certainly easier to 
Over the course of a young Tygon’s life, the “butterfly bone” grows gradually through infancy up to puberty, simply growing enough to run into each other and fuse the edges. From puberty, the growth spurts of adolescence likewise coincide with the growth of their bone structures. Commonly, the bone rises up and out like a wing, with tusk-like spikes dropping to either side of the face, but there are variations. These structures carry out through the bloodlines, helping to distinguish which Tygons are related to one another. 
As best history recalls, Tygons don’t “lock horns” as minotaurs or such would when competing. History seems to not make mention of the “butterfly bone” being used in any means close to physical competitions like strutting male animals would. It is believed—and based on what female Tygon’s have stated—that they seem to have attractions to the bone crests on the males, which would explain why the bone crests are commonly larger on the men than the women. 
At the moment, four distinct species have been catalogued, though there is dispute of how many actual subcategories exist. The worlds of Thlor and Fiorin both have a Tygon species that drastically delineates from the common “butterfly bone,” whereas the Tygons of Caladoulor have the “common look” as well as one with a distinct lack of growth under the orbit. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vy’liryn
Vy’liryns are an orange-skinned humanoid best recalled for their long tails, spines, and two-finger grip. The tails allow for great balance and maneuverability, but they are often used in tandem with their spines as a warning and whip-like weapon. The spines of a vy’liryn resemble typha—commonly called cattails—that grow along the edges of wetlands. These cattail-like spines can lay flat on the back or rise upward into an un-joined, sail-like structure. 
From the top of the back to the lower vertebrae these spikes start at about a hand’s length and increase in size to about two feet long before tapering to very small spikes down the tail increasingly dwindling. These spikes in particular are often referred to in conjunction with a domestic cat in that when confronted with danger or angry the vy’liryn’s spikes rise up straight, much like a domestic cat’s spine arches upward to try and seem bigger and more intimidating. In such a humanoid size and form, the forewarning of these rising spikes is enough to intimidate or at least warn of possible fights. Visually it’s a warning, an inadvertent response of the vy’liryn that usually means they are thinking of attacking, though it can also be a sign of arousal. Though these characteristics are easy enough to discern from a distance, the real magic of a vy’liryn’s physiology are the body markings. 
. For most humanoids, blushing is confined to the face. It’s usually attributed to embarrassment, shame, or modesty, but for a vy’liryn, blushing is only the beginning. A human’s facial skin, for example, has more capillary loops and generally more vessels per unit of volume than other areas of the body, with those at the cheeks wider in diameter and closer to the surface. This means when the vessels are filled with blood, the visibility is much clearer by the lesser tissue around the vessels. 
Commonly, this is considered a special vasodilation mechanism, where blood vessels in the body become wider. This commonly reduces blood pressure, with the muscles and nerves controlling the process referred to as the vasomotor. In a vy’liryn, the vasomotor isn’t just present, it’s clearly defined on the surface of the skin. 
Vy’liryns have facial and body markings that are unique to each person, but all serve the same purpose. Along the face, these markings are thick lines and spike-like designs, whereas the rest of the body has a blotted complexion around the shoulders and back, down to rings of markings along the tail. The arms and legs similarly have a combination of blotches and stripes visible along the outside of their arms and legs. Most markings seem to develop for camouflage, but it seems that the markings of the vy’liryn are for warning and for mating. 
A vy’liryn can use these vasomotors at will, flushing the markings vivid red when angered or aroused. When aroused, intimidated, or angry, these dull red markings grow increasingly vivid. This color change likewise affects the very color of their hair. The hair on a vy’liryn is thick for every follicle; each holding a small imperceptible tube within where it seems heat flushes through. The pigments of the hair seem very susceptible to heat, which explains why they burn red when a vy’liryn’s markings redden and likewise take a while to cool down, usually from the tips backwards slowly to the roots. 
Vy’liryn’s are an increasingly rare breed, originally found in large numbers in Hessera, but since its destruction the vy’liryns have become a scattered culture. Much of the history of the vy’liryns is quite young as a result, though there are many folktales, epic poems, and songs to give some history, it is only until recently that these word-of-mouth histories have become documented. Likely this will continue for many years as the histories are collated. Even so, the vy’liryns will likely never regain their full culture, especially without a centralized community. 


Locations
Return to Table of Contents
Dragoi
To the earliest record in the Dark Wars, painted murals and scrolls have all proven that Dragoi has not only been commonly renowned for its traditions and methods, but also as a vastly adept world of war, and the hand-to-hand combat expertise of Dragoi has yet to be exceeded. What has been explored of the planet is lush with moor fields, mountains and bamboo fields, a serene backdrop for the large cities and their various fighting styles and techniques. 
Dragoi has become the planet to go to in order to learn hand-to-hand arts, with training going from simple punches and awkward kicks to fluid grace and lethal accuracy. As such, it is not uncommon for royal guards, military leaders, aspiring warriors and even some royalty to attend the rigorous training dojos of Dragoi in order to attain a strong expertise. 
Orbiting the planet are the multiple colorations of its three moons: Hessera, Ch’dori, and Airess. Though known for its fighting expertise, Dragoi’s training and education facilities come close to the schools of Harem and their own assortment of goods have made it a place to go in trade and business. Hunters too journey to the bamboo fields of Dragoi to their forests of mountains and the various exotic animals to hunt. Fortunately for the creatures, Dragoi is also renowned for their prowess and skill. 
In the most well-known civilizations of Dragoi, those of the former Ali’ah Dynasty, the incursion of off-worlders into their life can have a bit of a culturally jarring reaction. Many concepts of the afterlife, the spirit, and gods are interpreted independently on Dragoi, making much of their ancestors and the role of great deeds being rewarded for generations after death. 
Economically, political favors and mercantile trade has been a prosperous industry, often with off-worlders wanting to buy anything that looks like it comes from Dragoi for its unique styles and graces, even if those buyers do not understand the culture which created them. Such details as understanding often are ignored in favor of aesthetics. 

Caladoulor
Return to Table of Contents
Ertius
Nestled in the cobweb of the Mountain Spine, the realm of Ertius has always been known as a hub for inter-realm travel, trade, and politics. It has also been known for bloodshed and war. Even before the Sundering, Ertius was the location of dozens of portal towns, allowing for efficient trade between vastly different cultures and worlds with very minimal travel. This aspect, while convenient for a myriad of reasons, made Ertius a hotbed of battle to control these portals for the same reasons. 
Ertius is dominated by three main cultures: the elves of the east, the humans of the south, and the dwarves of the northwest. It is accepted that elves were the first to colonize Ertius, with the humans staying in the fertile soils and heavy fishing of the south. The dwarves, though often associated with Ertius and regarded as an original resident actually arrived in Ertius just before the Mountain Spine rose up and cut them off from the other lands. The dwarves were actually caught up in their own war with the si’cri’mms at that time, with the mountains effectively ending the war suddenly. 
The portal cities of Ertius established the initial border lines between the three cultures, and towns lying on those borders. These “border cities” interconnect via a bizarre, twisting pathway that consistently changed depending on the constantly shifting borders. Because of the volatility of Ertius, these border cities and portal cities have fiercely declared neutrality. Often when the violence escalates, these cities suddenly fortify with armies from off-world. After all, off-world trade is dependent on these cities to ferry goods and people to and from. No off-world civilization wants their trade to be suddenly embargoed by a take-over during a war. 
Ertius is best described as a land in constant war. Through much of its recorded history, it has swayed from heated disputes to war to peace while rebuilding forces. The shifts ebb and flow like the tide, shaping borders much like the wet sand on a beach, with so much turmoil that it is a miracle in many ways anyone can live in Ertius enough to establish a civilization. In point of fact, the core cities of the three cultures are quite finely developed. It is in the stretches of land that divide them which have the destroyed castles and abandoned structures from constant land-grabs and warfare. 
Considering the amount of battle in its history, it is hard to imagine the conflicts eventually escalating to a more poignant factor. It came to a head in a drastic land grab by the humans into what the elves felt was their territory. The decade-long bloodbath almost ground commerce off-planet to a halt. Even so, it was only a prelude to the greater conflict. When the elven vori was found dead on the dwarven borders, the elves declared war. 
Historians are curious of this event, since the dwarves have had little care to grab land, only defend their parcel. They’ve been rumored to care more about a possible war with the si’cri’mm starting again than the politics of Ertius. Regardless of why, the elves believed the dwarves were making a move to capitalize on the already weakened elven forces. Thus began the Dwarf/Elf War, a conflict that touched far more than just those in Ertius. 
Politics aside, the Dwarf/Elf War caused refugees to flee Ertius and flood the off-world portal cities and surrounding realms to escape the conflict. Trade and commerce stopped with only intermittent passage over the fifteen-year war. The deaths and blood may have decimated Ertius, but the conflict punctured the concept of complacency in Ertius’ turmoil. The inter-connected economy of several worlds and realms was highlighted in steel and bloodshed. 
Ertius has no solitary ruler. All three cultures could rightfully claim sovereignty, though that would not stop the turmoil. Since the Dwarf/Elf War though, the eyes of several sovereigns have turned toward Ertius with a critical eye. Many schemes are whispered of ways to either conquer Ertius so it has one ruler or forcing the hand of those in Ertius to recognize one ruler to stabilize the inter-planetary economy at the very least. It is not a popular idea in Ertius at the moment, especially for the elves that lost much in war. 

Return to Table of Contents
Diamïikur
When Ertius was beginning to be colonized by humans, they created a city called Diamïikur. This city was flush against the Mountain Spine and close to the expanding lands of the elves. Eventually this led to a short, but bloody war between the humans and the elves which resulted in Diamïikur being destroyed. By its sheer size, and the level of destruction it sustained, the elves never inhabited its ruins, unable to adjust the human city to elven architecture or even the economy to destroy the city fully and build over the site. It is believed there were eventually going to be plans to build an elven city of Diamïikur but the fifteen years of the Dwarf/Elf war superseded the idea. Instead it remains in ruins to this day, scantly on the human borders established at the war’s end. Whether they will remain ruins or be built up anew remains to be seen. 

Return to Table of Contents
Harem
One of the most prominent nations on the world of Caladoulor, Harem is a shining example of how to run an upper-class realm of higher learning and scientific development. If there was a primer for creating such realms, the Canen family—the ruling voristaors for generations within Harem—probably have taken that model to heart. Many attribute the continued success of Harem to the voristaor’s advisor, Tenar Rezkendam, who has been among the voristaors for longer than any can remember otherwise; and as best any history notes can tell, he’s been alive well before the Sundering as well. 
Regardless, Harem even from infancy has bartered its way to self-improvement and anonymity. Building schools to start educating their own, the voristaors encouraged and all but forced education upon their people with their eyesight upon improving their realm in every means possible, from aqueducts to the buildings, to city streets and transportation, to weaponry, medicine, and economic prosperity. As small realms began to sprout, the earliest voristaors of Harem were quick to offer products to these realms and encouraged these fledgling countries to send some of their students to Harem’s schools. 
Rather than barter a price for the education, Harem instead insisted that the students remain in Harem to help in Harem’s education while likewise teaching back home to spread the knowledge. As these realms grew larger and rivalries began, Harem declared its doors open to all and brought many mercenary armies within its lands to protect their claim. 
The universal pact of Harem being neutral territory has been an agreed notion, though to possess Harem would ensure a great deal of wealth to whoever controlled it. As such, the vast array of strong weapons Harem has developed have become the staple of their armies and military schools became a needed commodity lest someone were to try and possess this economic, educational and military hub. 
Prosperous by trade and its selling of products, Harem’s voristaors are famous for using the surplus of money upon their people, making sure that there are jobs for everyone and enforcing those jobs. The streets remain cleaned—the sewers regularly swept of infesting creatures—keeping the cities of Harem tidy and fashionable for any visitors. As a result, most are happy and the education of Harem residents is abundant to aid their children. 
The schools themselves work quite independently in motivations from one another and even the voristaors to some extent. Some—like those of medical studies and transportation—talk regularly with the scientists in the United Realms, more specifically within Tera’vin. These mutual experiments and researching have proven to boost many ideas and give Harem profit from it. 
Neutral as Harem is, it has become a political hub for numerous realms surrounding it. The Tygon Empire, Ba’kuth Empire, and the United Realms all send students to learn in Harem’s schools, attempting to use this neutral point as a means to foster political pacts and possible future unions. 
Now, five years after the Dwarf/Elf war in Ertius ended, Voristaor Talitar Canen has begun talks with the United Realms to more directly ally them with the realm collective as well as incorporate their neighbor, Ertius, by having Talitar’s youngest son marry the vori of Ertius’ voristaor. The move holds many precautionary measures—such as the continued free bartering to members of the Ba’kuth Empire and the Tygon Empire—but the added inclusion of Ertius, to Harem’s thoughts, would secure the trade to other worlds attained only through the portals located within Ertius. In short, the marriage would prove a valued profit to the Canen family and Harem.

Return to Table of Contents
Hessera
In the history of planetary death, no two realms have been so closely linked as Hessera and Rokdrad, though of the two Hessera did not suffer nearly as much. At one time, Hessera was filled with trees and jungles, large oceans and rivers, and life upon the planet was flourishing. Within this, the grand mage, Voram Tydallyn—one of the first four grand mages—lived with his son, Gantradi. For much of Hessera’s history, these two men would inadvertently mark Hessera in infamy.
The two spent much of their time in the lands of Rostheromi, working hard at toiling and understanding the world of magic. What experiments and for how long they tolled is lost in the tattered fabric of history, but from several historical sources, their involvement in Rostheromi and the Rygem’dor War has forever intertwined them into the political halls of the very cultures they exist in. 
Voram and Gantradi helped forge the fires of war in Rostheromi, and in this toiling crafted the feared Warriors of the Purple Sun, an army which rightly was feared for their military conviction. The eventual alliance and merger of cultures with the Tither’rïan amazons greatly increased this fear, creating a war machine which dared to challenge anyone that came against them; a fact which was demonstrated almost mythically in the Rygem’dor War. 
After the death of Voram’s beloved concubine, the pair began experiments into understanding Black magic, believing it to be the secret to bringing his concubine back to life. Voram and Gantradi eventually harnessed the Black magic into what became known as the Sphere of Darkness. Unfortunately, the secret to resurrection did not lay in this experiment, as Voram’s devoted servant, Sethrin Thenris, found to his death. 
Voram chose to entomb himself with his beloved and sleep with her forever rather than live without her. Granting his father’s grieving wish, Gantradi entombed the Sphere of Darkness in Rostheromi and left Hessera. Several years passed before Gantradi returned to Hessera with his new wife, Lyar Fymdallyn. Rumblings around Hessera brought Gantradi back to his father’s tomb to find Necro’shir Zedallyn trying to gain access to the Sphere. It’s scarcely understood what drew Necro’shir to Hessera, but scant historical texts imply that he was seeking to revenge himself upon some group, and sought the Sphere as a means to that end. The ensuing battle was met and added to by the rogue grand mage, Dragonfire. 
Dragonfire and Necro’shir met face to face while Gantradi and Lyar attempted to pull the sphere from Necro’shir’s rage. History recalls that Dragonfire brought Necro’shir down with a sudden mental attack of some sort that knocked Necro’shir from his use of the Sphere of Darkness. In the commotion, Dragonfire left Hessera with Necro’shir, where history recalls them ending up in Rokdrad only to destroy the life on that planet as well. 
On Hessera, the might of the Sphere killed much of the life on the world, turning forests to dust and sand and consuming the world in dry dunes. Whole populaces were uprooted or destroyed outright. The ecology of Hessera was irreparably sundered, and the survivors were forced to eke out a living in a dying world of near-endless deserts.
In the ensuing years to come, Gantradi remained on Hessera, using the Warriors of the Purple Sun to guard his father’s tomb and—according to legend—cursed the tomb of his father to prevent such an occurrence again. Once again, Dragonfire and Necro’shir returned to Hessera, this time with the Dragon Clan. When they left to Dedcrad, Gantradi followed, entrusting the tomb of Voram to Lyar. 
Lyar soon rose to a Goddess-like prominence among the Tither’rïan amazons, endearing those around to the responsibly of maintaining the tomb’s secrecy. The surviving Warriors of the Purple Sun from Rostheromi became a widely secretive group of warriors willing to kill anyone who’d try to possess the Sphere. The Tither’rïan amazons chose instead to maintain a wary vigil, wanting their ears on the streets of the Rygem’dor and Asiér’rïan cities in case rumblings surfaced about seeking the sphere out. 
Over the years, the information of the amazons and the Purple Sun has become increasingly scarce, mostly by their lack of showing up publicly. Since the Sundering, the information of the two groups has increasingly become lost and in the past one hundred fifty years has become more of fables than of a real pair of groups. Only rumors remain, many holding to the idea that these groups hold the largest showing of the original diversity of Hessera. Since their obscurity, the knowledge of the tomb has become equally a fable, not that anyone who survived could ever find it again. 
The known cities of Hessera have become well acquainted by traders like Harem for their inventive weaponry of magic and reconstruction. The magic weapons and transportation have become a fast staple of Hessera with few beasts of burden to aid in transportation let alone trade for weapons. Until recently after the Dwarf/Elf war, there had been little real attempts to acquire this weaponry by anyone other than the Dragon Clan in Tera’vin. In recent years however, Hessera’s portal city has been closed to foreign visitors and the ability to enter Hessera is strictly monitored and regulated. It is unclear why the sudden, and very strict change has occurred, but some measure has been gleaned by the few which have escaped Hessera to Caladoulor. A general unease has gripped the world, and it seems every surviving culture is bracing for another cataclysm. 

Return to Table of Contents
Asiér’rïan
Some historians wonder aloud if the nation of Asiér’rïan once was whole and broke apart by squabbling, or if it was merely a nation of wandering tribal families that spoke the same languages but settled personal city territories which would strongly fight for personal independence. Most greatly accept the idea of the Bedaryan tribes settling down occasionally into locations that would eventually morph into the city-states of Asiér’rïan, but another theory of a combination of tribes and prior-established colonies is gaining ground. 
However its creation, Asiér’rïan is truly a nation of individuals speaking the same language. Dozens of autonomous city-states dwell under the name “Asiér’rïan,” though none of them are quick to ally with the other. Because of this, the theory of nomadic tribes and prior nations gains footing, as it might explain a lot of the discourse. 
For much of Asiér’rïan’s history, each city-state warred with its neighbors. On a weekly basis, phalanxes from various city-states would do battle. This became so routine and commonplace that Asiér’rïan maintained a long-standing war with no clear leader for generations. By point of fact, it seems from some ways in which to battles are recorded, many of these wars might have been so routine as to be just the tradition rather than a true blood feud every time. 
Two city-states emerged of note in Asiér’rïan’s history: Henopred and Rostheromi. Both would have several city-states under their control, but Henopred did so mostly diplomatically while Rostheromi usually conquered and subjugated its people. Henopred and Rostheromi would be intertwined throughout history, long before and after the Rygem’dor War. The two cities were almost diametric opposites, at least in diplomacy. However, it seems there was some commonality, and that much of the discourse between them was from a mutual lack of respect for the other, something that was changed drastically in the Rygem’dor War.
By the time of this war, Rostheromi had diplomatic trade unions with Henopred, but continued to skirmish with their armies and several other city-states on a routine basis. When Rygem’dor approached Henopred, it was considered bad form to ask for help from Rostheromi, as if doing so admitted weakness. This thread of dissent eventually led to a coup in Henopred, one which was put down by Rostheromi shortly after. 
After the war, Rostheromi ensured that Henopred’s ruling bloodline was maintained and honored, helping to create a unified Asiér’rïan. Far from assuming Henopred was weaker, the strength of character in its ruling bloodline fostered respect, which did more to end to warring in Asiér’rïan than any other force. Effectively, the Rygem’dor War ended the city-state wars of Asiér’rïan. 
Most historical references to Asiér’rïan refers to the city-states, often considering Rostheromi a separate county left to its own vices. Though this was the viewpoint, enough references admit that Rostheromi was as much an Asiér’rïan city as it was a powerhouse nation. Including them as Asiér’rïan might not have sat well with Rostheromi in the past, but it is accurate.
After the destruction of Hessera, much of the Asiér’rïan lands shifted to accommodate the dramatic shifts in climate and resources. The mentality of the city-states faded into a single country called Asiér’rïan. It is hard to imagine the current cities warring as their ancestors did, but then again it is equally hard to envision life on Hessera before it was turned to desert. 

Return to Table of Contents
Genlindal
 In the quagmire of ancient history, few events garner so much attention from unexpected sources. Similarly, few have such vividly different accounts of the same incident. Before the Rygem’dor War, Genlindal was known as a fishing city-state flush against the Spartrakus Sea. It was a port of call for trades along the sea and river ways, garnering ample bounty from numerous sources and prospering for its location and smart traders. 
This view of fame changed once Rygem’dor began its siege of the Asiér’rïan capital, Henopred. In a bold move to cut Henopred from its supplies, Rygem’dor split its army to traverse the sea and come around to Henopred’s back. The best place to make landfall was equally the quickest on the shores of Genlindal. The mountain pass behind the city was wide and the shoreline long. The combination provided a perfect staging ground for Rygem’dor to bring its army into the heart of Asiér’rïan. 
Genlindal faced word of this impending invasion, but the city was not entirely abandoned until the day of battle by all accounts. One week after Rygem’dor set off from Henopred, they encountered a blinding fogbank. From here the accounts split, affording conflicting reports to the occurrence. 
Rygem’dor survivors recounted that this fog was a blessing, allowing their ships to make landfall without alerting Genlindal before it was too late. Armies of tribesmen drifted towards the docks of Genlindal to use the cover of fog and sweep in undetected. Indeed, of those who did recount their thoughts before landfall, the fog was considered a blessing by the gods. 
For the survivors of Genlindal, the fog came in tandem with a man called the Rorj’golém. It had formed at his fingertips three days earlier and by his decree was but a taste of his abilities. It was the warning for Genlindal to leave their city rather than entertain Rygem’dor as subservient. Before they left, it was recounted by many that the Rorj’golém crafted clay mounds in their likeness, though the details of this are sketchy at best. The Genlindal survivors would speak of this being a distraction to keep the Rygem’dor soldiers from rushing through the city. 
For Rygem’dor, these clay figures proved to wreak havoc. Survivors had nightmares throughout the rest of their lives, telling tales of motionless fog and wind that would only touch the wind chimes high above. The Rygem’dor accounts say the people of Genlindal were turned into clay, left in their beds or in the midst of their daily routines when the Rorj’golém changed them all. Though some soldiers believed it to be a distraction, the nightmare of the Rorj’golém had only begun for Rygem’dor. 
Scholars have had a hard time coming to terms with the Rygem’dor accounts, most of which seem flights of fear and fancy rather than possible. According to survivors, the clay forms started moving, with glowing violet orbs of energy for eyes. In their attempts to run, these clay forms were joined by forms of mud, grass, dirt, rock and sand. The most stirring accounts are from the Atégantor tribe that faced many of these moving land masses. They spoke of a demon at the top of the Genlindal pass, calling upon more monsters from the ground. 
It is through their accounts that a similarity is garnered by the Genlindal survivors. Those from Genlindal were at the opposite end of the pass and laid witness to massive beams of energy destroying the mountains to either side. According to the Atégantor accounts, this event happened at the hands of the Rorj’golém alone, who cast the mountains upon Rygem’dor’s army and sealed the pass. More stirring in this account are dog-like monsters of rock that sprung out from inside the crumbling mountain. 
By current insight, academics in magic have identified these ground monsters as golems, both by analyzing the accounts’ descriptions and by following the history of the Rorj’golém. Rorj’golém means “God of Golems” after all, which accounts historically for where the name golem was popularized, and suggests the concept was not new. It is believed that the Rorj’golém only made rudimentary golems, not of the same sophistication now and as such was able to make more of them with limited commands to follow. 
Still, by the sheer number supposedly involved and the felling of two mountains, the two accounts by variant sources seem unlikely, though disproving the accounts is as hard as proving them. It is known that Rygem’dor believed the Rorj’golém died in the collapse of the mountain, and their spirits were dashed when he again appeared at Thermotylus. It is likely in this that the Rorj’golém became the demon nightmare of Rygem’dor, and through his infamy Genlindal’s place in history was assured. The prospect of finding Genlindal and any remote chance of seeing evidence of early golems has made it a place of legend for mages, all failing to find the former port city.

Return to Table of Contents
Henopred
Historically, two Asiér’rïan city-states stood out among the rest: Rostheromi and Henopred. Whereas Rostheromi conquered its neighbors and ruled over them with an iron fist, Henopred ruled over several city-states diplomatically. It was considered the capital of Asiér’rïan, even though the city-states all claimed autonomy and self-rule. No army but Rostheromi’s could challenge the claim. 
It seems justified, for at the beginning of the Rygem’dor War it was the Jytor of Henopred, Lagnothor Calzarim, who called upon the other city-states to band together and stop the Rygem’dor invaders. He even ventured to Rostheromi, the city-state constantly warring with other Asiér’rïan city-states, and managed to get their commitment to the war effort. 
Many attribute this alliance as one of convenience. Asiér’rïan city-states all spoke the same language, and Lagnothor’s successful petition of Rostheromi was likely aided by Rostheromi not taking kindly to any invading army anywhere near their lands. But Henopred’s justification as the capital was truly solidified by Rostheromi. 
After Lagnothor died at Thermotylus, his military took control of Henopred and sought to fill the void of Lagnothor’s death by military means. The coup was justified politically because of the growing resentment towards Lagnothor for “bowing before Rostheromi” in seeking their aid; an act which many citizens of Henopred believed was an admission that Rostheromi was superior. 
This did not sit well with Rostheromi, who believed Lagnothor an honorable man and did not believe Henopred’s military showed the same honor by their actions. So saying, Rostheromi forced the power back into the Calzarim family line, standing behind Lagnothor’s daughter, Ji’ïs. This show of honor and backing it with the war machine of Rostheromi all but sent a message to the whole of Asiér’rïan that the true rulers of the land were at Henopred. 
Some historians wonder if Rostheromi felt their claim of power usurped by such, but it seems more likely that Rostheromi did not consider themselves Asiér’rïans. Moreover Asiér’rïan and Rostheromi are usually referred to separately, likely meaning that the politics of Asiér’rïan, beyond their interests in Henopred, meant little to Rostheromi. If anything, the slow unification of Asiér’rïan allowed Rostheromi to deal with only one adversary, and likely ensured the diplomatic peace to follow. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rostheromi
Rostheromi was a city built, re-built, modified, and re-modified over countless generations on the skin of a massive lone mountain. It has become known as “the country of a hundred cities” because the builders sectioned off the mountain with large walls, towers, and gates. Each section housed its own city within, complete with names, a temple, and often a core group of people conquered by Rostheromi. These cities became task-specific, with several devoted solely to one god, some—like Alekundaria—devoting its residents to inventions while others—like Gepenmis—were defensive fortifications to prevent successful incursion into the massive city. 
Little of the actual mountain was left to the naked eye, at least of the original shape. Much of the mountain was carved to the specific wall dimensions and visually carved out to resemble the other hand-built walls. It is assumed that Rostheromi was actually once a crop of mountains, and that the building materials needed for the venture consumed the surrounding landscape, a feat which, if true, defies all building projects then or since. 
Historically, Rostheromi has repeatedly stood apart from its neighbors in Asiér’rïan. Truthfully, it was a part of Asiér’rïan, though no one dared to admit that on either side of the argument. Rostheromi’s military machine and domination of subject nations flew in the face of other Asiér’rïan city-states and their ruling ways. That said, the force of Rostheromi only truly was unleashed upon Rygem’dor. The hundreds of smaller phalanx battles Rostheromi engaged in with other Asiér’rïan city-states were never of the same scale. 
A brokered alliance between Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazons only augmented an already imposing political stature and military might. The two rival nations were always on the brink of war with one another, so the prospect of a union only scared the rest of Asiér’rïan that these two militaries were now one. This union was put to the test in the Rygem’dor War, and some historical accounts show fears of how strong the union became before Rygem’dor reached Thermotylus.
It has been suggested that Rostheromi was likely soon to push upon the whole of Asiér’rïan, slowly gaining more and more territory before the Rygem’dor War began and forced Rostheromi to put its attentions elsewhere. If this overarching plan is true, it would explain why the coordination between Rostheromi’s soldiers and the amazons was so practiced at Thermotylus and beyond. The Rygem’dor War may have saved Asiér’rïan. 
Somehow, Rostheromi was swallowed up into obscurity by the sands of Hessera when the world’s ecology was destroyed by the Sphere of Darkness. Legends persist of its majesty, leading many to question how a whole mountain city could disappear. 

Return to Table of Contents
Alekundaria
Rostheromi is renowned for the myriad of interlocked cities that sat upon a tall mountain. Among them, the city of Alekundaria stood out for its machinists and inventors. From some surviving accounts, one machinist was named Héros Machinus, known as the Machine Man. Through his writings, historians have gotten a glimpse at some of the wonder that Alekundaria had to offer. 
It was apparently the preferred city of Gantradi Tydallyn, a personal enjoyment of his to see new machines that Alekundaria created. Alekundaria was filled with scholars, mathematicians, engineers, artisans, and craftsmen, all jostled about from conquered people who could give Rostheromi new inventions to implement. Ancient scrolls attest to a bank of knowledge ranging from philosophy to military strategy, architecture, mathematical calculations, and even plays. 
It’s from Alekundaria that we understand acoustic planning, armor, and several ways of making elaborate decoration. Though rarely siege weapons were used by Rostheromi, Alekundaria has shown a wealth of ideas for fortifying and toppling cities that have only been re-invented in recent years. If much of Hessera’s unfortunate history had not occurred, it is likely that Alekundaria would have blossomed into an intellectual center for several centuries and spawned any number of schools of thought. As it is, Alekundaria is a glimpse into the past and the possibilities lost. 

Return to Table of Contents
Cezaris
When Rostheromi finalized its alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons, two cities were merged into one to accommodate a permanent Tither’rïan city inside Rostheromi. Though all accounts say that Cezaris was sparsely populated, the size was less for living space as much as for ceremonies and training for the amazons that would live in Cezaris during the formative months of pregnancy. Cezaris became in effect the majority colony of pregnant and nursing amazons, protected from outside dangers by the walls of Rostheromi. 
Not all of the amazons would live in such a community however, still maintaining a distance in case their next generations were ever held hostage by Rostheromi. For the most part, to ensure the warrior elite within the army ranks birthed strong, healthy children, Cezaris became the center for many military leaders to have various clergy come and perform the sacrifices and rituals needed to please the gods and strengthen the next generations. As such, though technically Cezaris was an amazon city, it was the heart of the allied breeding program. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gepenmis
Rostheromi is known as the “country of a hundred cities” due to the nature of having interlocking walled sections on a large mountain, with each section named and calling itself a city. The first city of Rostheromi was Gepenmis, though it is debatable how much of a city it really was. 
It held large stables for herds of lomogu steeds and square mud-brick houses, equally tall and tiered for numerous levels and homes. But it is believed Gepenmis was less of a city as much as a fortification at the front of Rostheromi. The great gates of Rostheromi were controlled by the people of Gepenmis and its soldiers relied on the hundreds of lomogus tended to there. It seems practical that Gepenmis was more for the military to stand as the first defense of Rostheromi, with truer cities situated beyond where families and cultures could be expressed without a constant military need. 

Return to Table of Contents
Kororums
Depending on which historian you speak to, Kororums was the second city of Rostheromi, more by location than by order of establishment. It sat directly above and behind Gepenmis and was box-shaped. Accounts speak of its main roads being lined by tapered pyramid temples and obelisks, likely as some manner of religious cleansing for travelers. One account speaks of the obelisks giving a quick overview of the various Rostheromi cities, much like banners or guides for travelers to decide where they wanted to go to. 
The debate about Kororums being the second city rest more on whether you qualify Gepenmis as a true city or a fortification created to protect Rostheromi’s main entrance. No historic account seems to distinguish Rostheromi’s views on its interlocked cities, so the historical account of Kororums being the second city remains for most historians. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rygem’dor
Before the Rygem’dor War, the nation of Rygem’dor was a million-soldier strong. Though it is often referred to as an empire, Rygem’dor started out far similar to Asiér’rïan as a nation of warring city-states, though in Rygem’dor’s case it was several tribal lands vying for control. Rygem’dor—as it is commonly conceived—was established after several centuries of bloodshed. 
Rygem’dor’s history really starts in Hashnak, and the tribal family of Jorsyragol. An unbroken line of chieftains from the Jorsyragol bloodline has made it a dynasty far beyond other recorded empires, with the earliest known chieftain being Laleldar Jorsyragol. Laleldar successfully laid siege upon the neighboring lands of Nepengal, then allied their small nation to that of Atégantor. 
In an attempt to quell possible rebellions by the methrians of Atégantor for their attack upon Nepengal, Laleldar stopped referring to Hashnak, and instead called his growing empire Rygem’dor. Allowing the Atégantor and Nepengal tribes to keep their tribal names and traditions further showcased Laleldar’s generosity. After conquering the lands of Hyliseor, Laleldar spent the rest of his life conquering tribes on the wild frontier borders of his nation. 
The next two generations were no better off, engaged in near constant warfare, both inside their empire by power-hungry defeated clans and tribes, and from wild raids on the fringes of the empire. For two hundred years since Nepengal was defeated, the Jorsyragol family had been battling a conquering land war and a civil war in numerous places in their empire. It wasn’t until Zagausln Jorsyragol took up the mantle of jytor that Rygem’dor’s woes were settled in a combination of blood and fear. 
His predecessors tried to quell uprisings with only a small amount of violence necessary so they’d maintain troops to fight the foreign invaders on the empire’s edge. After quelling the revolt, the troops would leave to the borders, wherein the quelled army would revolt again. Zagausln knew the frontiers posed the greatest dangers because Rygem’dor was so massive that every time an uprising occurred, the frontiers were easily invaded and captured and a new foray into battle was needed to recapture their lands. 
His solution to the perennial problem of uprisings earned him the title “the Wicked Vanquisher” because on two occasions of uprising, he sent the whole of the Rygem’dor army and butchered the entire nation’s occupants, destroying every tribal cities. In two strikes, he completely destroyed the tribes of Banossi and Thril-Gawiel, two nations of tribes that had long been thorns in the sides of the Rygem’dor Empire. Zagausln declared that they were heretics of the Gods and followed the heathen ways of the Wilds, which was the name of any land outside of Rygem’dor. Very quickly, Zagausln declared that he would rout out anyone infiltrating from the Wilds, daring to try and destroy the gods of Rygem’dor. 
Having proven twice that his wrath would extend to anyone he thought might be sympathetic to uprisers, Zagausln all but suppressed any doubt of his reign and through politicking and marrying all of the tribes’ royal women—meaning not only the tribal queens but so too their daughters—Zagausln essentially stopped the civil war and began concentrating on the frontiers. 
Zagausln centralized his government, maintaining communication lines with signal flares, mounted riders, and river boats. He also began a military practice of creating training facilities on the border to maintain a battle-ready army for any incursion rather than needing to constantly bring his military from the center outward. 
But Zagausln is best remembered for his failed attempt to wipe Asiér’rïan from the lands. In what is remembered now as the Rygem’dor War, Zagausln’s army was effectively stalled at Henopred on the Asiér’rïan border and famously defeated at Thermotylus. The bloody conflict decidedly pointed out military weaknesses in Rygem’dor that troubled the surviving tribes. They were far behind in technology and battle strategies and because of their defeat, other nations in the Wilds now had seen Rygem’dor as vulnerable. 
For several generations, the Jorsyragol family internalized the political issues and aggressively began programs to update their armor and weapons. It is believed Rygem’dor was preparing to launch another assault on Asiér’rïan were it not for the destruction of Hessera. This event threw all intentions to the waist side. Most of Rygem’dor began to disperse, but a core group remained, determined to continue to stand tall in the harsh conditions of Hessera. 
Where Rygem’dor sits now is much smaller than history recalls, and by archaeological digs seems to have shifted over time from where it once sat. But the powerhouse of the ancient world still maintains a constant attempt to create new technologies and face the harrowing dangers of Hessera with greater foresight, constantly reminded of the errors of their heritage in relying on old traditions rather than new innovations. 

Return to Table of Contents
Akhet’Munu
The magnificent gem in the wasteland deserts of Hessera, the capital of Rygem’dor sits along the edge of the Tygrinïil River. Not to be confused with the ancient city of Akhet’Munu that stood as the capital of the varinti empire, modern Akhet’Munu is truly crafted in the eye of Rygem’dor, keeping only a few of the original design elements. Chief among them are the numerous ziggurats that start as the foundation of Akhet’Munu. 
Each ziggurat was aligned to the stars as Rygem’dor shinlins directed, making sure each ziggurat purposefully aligns to the gods. From there the streets grew out linking the ziggurats and the city began. Akhet’Munu lives in dichotomy, with the palace and the shield wall carved from alabaster stone and the interior homes built out of mud bricks. The homes follow an old varinti tradition around the Tygrinïil River of a willingness to live in the flood plains of the river’s swell. 
Beyond these homes, Akhet’Munu is equally defined by luscious red rubies and green jades. As the regional colors of Rygem’dor, you can easily tell whether you are in a small venue of homes or a more expensive district by both the stonework of the square buildings and the abundance of red and green. The more gems in its construction, the more luxurious and rich the district is considered. 

Return to Table of Contents
Atégantor
The plains of Atégantor once housed methrians and some loxodont herds. It is through this combination that Atégantor had to learn ways of managing the large loxodonts so they wouldn’t trample crops or become agitated by methrian habitation. By an exchange of knowledge with the tribes in Nepengal, the methrian farmers learned to create pathways for the loxodonts to walk through, learning that the large beasts would take the easiest path rather than trample through trees. As such, Atégantor was known to have wide stone pathways lined with trees as an attempt to look like natural forests and to steer the loxodont herds safely through Atégantor. 
A common sight in Atégantor would be loxodont herds walking down stone walled streets through villages, with the populace creating bridges over the pathways to avoid displacing herding grounds. Such pathways came to be known as the Loxodont Canals. When Rygem’dor emissaries saw this, they took back to their Jytor that the methrians were blessed with the graces of the loxodont, an animal revered by Rygem’dor. 
By the time they had arrived, the emissaries realized that Rygem’dor had already begun conquering Nepengal, a land regarded well by the methrians of Atégantor. An immediate envoy came to Atégantor to try and peacefully make amends, eventually earning an alliance with the methrians through help from Nepengal tribesmen that accepted Rygem’dor rule. 
Though Hessera was turned to desert, centuries of wind eventually exposed some of the Loxodont Canals, revealing the lost villages of Atégantor for historians and archaeologists to learn from. The remaining methrians in Hessera were successfully able to quarantine the site from any development and preserve some of Hessera’s lost history. It has since become a place of pilgrimage by methrians that had left Hessera, requiring active measures to protect the fragile architecture and create venues to see the site without subjecting the fragile structures to masses of people. Do date, methrians are the only travelers to get into Hessera with little issue, most other travelers needing some measure of royal invite to enter the world now. 

Return to Table of Contents
Hyliseor
Up until the Rygem’dor War, Hyliseor’s tribes and navy were not historically considered a powerhouse in the Rygem’dor Empire. Historians have been re-examining this, debating how great an influence Hyliseor must have been beforehand. By the time of the Rygem’dor War, the Rygem’dor armies were not only marching on land toward Henopred but so too were being ferried by a massive navy of warships. 
Countless triremes, septiremes, jylisets and gygthegens were already developed and ready for war. Building such a huge fleet would be a massive undertaking in any century of war, leading most scholars to speculate how much of the navy was Hyliseor’s own or how long it was in production. Secondarily, it is known that Jytor Zagausln Jorsyragol, before setting off to war with Asiér’rïan, began employing triremes along the rivers of Rygem’dor for transporting everything from soldiers to trade goods. 
Indisputably, Hyliseor possessed the finest ships, leading many to speculate that either their triremes were already in use as transports, or that their ship building designs were being employed throughout the empire. It is possible that Hyliseor continued to make more and more ships under Rygem’dor rule to keep up with the demands for fishing in the Spartrakus Sea and transporting soldiers and war machines about. By the time of the Rygem’dor War, many ships could have been simply taken from their standard jobs and employed in the war effort. Not knowing how long Jytor Jorsyragol spent preparing to war with Henopred, an army of ships could have been in the works for years while his land-based armies continued to face the Wilds and ready themselves for an assault into Asiér’rïan. 
Very little of Hyliseor remains in history, only their mighty contribution to the war effort stands out, though it is accepted that they were instrumental in the fishing and sea trade of Rygem’dor. Scattered in Hessera are a few families claiming Hyliseor descent, but most have moved on to other worlds to continue their sea-going nature. Dotted along Caladoulor are several fishing cities that all claim Hyliseor ancestry, though none have yet to showcase much more historical accounts than what are already known. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nepengal
A large swath of the Rygem’dor Empire was created when Nepengal’s independence fell. The lands of Nepengal were rich with farmlands and—more importantly—loxodont herds. Indeed it is the loxodont that is remembered most of Nepengal’s past. Their farmers learned that a loxodont will walk through an open path rather than create one, leading Nepengal to create a system of streets specifically for the loxodonts to migrate through without destroying their crops. This experience was vital to the methrians of Atégantor. They too had similar issues of loxodonts crushing crops, and by friendly rapport developed the Loxodont Canals in Atégantor for loxodonts to travel through their lands without disrupting farming. 
The strength of the Rygem’dor army felled Nepengal at the right time. Historically, it is realized that Nepengal was developing war loxodonts with its mahout riders. The time-consuming practice of training loxodonts however meant that no truly controlled loxodonts were ready by the time of Rygem’dor’s attack. Another year or two and the story would have been different by all accounts. That said, Rygem’dor benefited by Nepengal’s diplomacy with Atégantor, their trained loxodont herds, and their farms which fed massive stocks of soldiers. 
As one of the earliest of the nations of Rygem’dor, Nepengal was probably one of the largest contributors to Rygem’dor’s success, almost doubling the size of Rygem’dor with its assimilation and the help Nepengal tribesmen gave to ally Atégantor with Rygem’dor. Repeatedly in history, Nepengal’s military contributions are noted, and by the tracks of land still considered Nepengal today, it is obvious that while other tribal nations have lost their names to history, Nepengal continues to stand out as a strong nation. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tygrinïil River
In ancient times, the Tygrinïil River flowed through the Wilds and provided the lifeblood of the varinti people. It was called the Spine of the Varinti since it held up the strain of so many needing water. Then as now, the river provided the main source of water in the Wilds. 
Seasonally the Tygrinïil River overflows, flooding the basins with fertile silt farmers depend on for their annual crops. Though the Tygrinïil River has since changed its course and flow, forcing Rygem’dor to rebuild Akhet’Munu from its ancient lands to stay with the river, it still maintains the greatest source of water in the desolate, parched lands of Hessera. 

Return to Table of Contents
Spartrakus Sea
Between the lands of Rygem’dor and Asiér’rïan sits the mighty Spartrakus Sea. Since the cataclysm on Hessera, where the sea once sat is debatable. There are harbors along all of ancient Rygem’dor and many conflicting sites. However, the Spartrakus Sea was a critical resource for Rygem’dor as it had the largest commercial fishing economy and navy of the ancient world. 
This navy was put to use during the Rygem’dor War and made many cities along the shores of the Spartrakus Sea famous for years to come. Among them, the cities in Hyliseor, Genlindal, and the area of Thermotylus where tens of thousands of soldiers were slaughtered by the Warriors of the Purple Sun.  

Return to Table of Contents
Tither’rïan Mountains
No one can come to an agreement on where the Tither’rïan Mountains start or stop, and for the most part it is simply accepted that the Tither’rïan Mountains are a very long, winding mountain range. It straddles the Spartrakus Sea for about half of its charted length, and has become a natural boundary for maps with the lands of Rostheromi and Asiér’rïan to one side and the lands of the Varinti and Rygem’dor on the other. 
The Tither’rïan Mountains are less famous as a border or mountain range as they are for housing the Tither’rïan amazons, who made their homes in the mountainous caverns and mined new twisting caves in search of copper. Since the destruction of Hessera, it has become harder to gauge the actual length and size of the Tither’rïan Mountains, making it difficult to even guess where some of its more famous historical landmarks might be. Only its amazon inhabitants have any worthwhile idea, and they have yet to offer up an answer. 

Return to Table of Contents
Delpharïis
Calling Delpharïis a city may be a stretch, certainly a case can be made of it being a temple city, meaning instead of the commercial residents the temples housed clergy of various religions of Asiér’rïan and Rostheromi. Delpharïis existed as three cube stages etched into the side of the Tither’rïan Mountains. The squares were cubes of towering bricks, making for large promenades, temples, and sanctuaries along its length. 
Delpharïis is remembered mostly for the Oracle that lived in Husyra’Lampétunís, the House of Lampetia. Historically this Oracle is considered the first avatar of the goddess of magic, Lampetia. Often this Oracle would be consulted by the Rorj’golém, or other dignitaries of Rostheromi, providing a great wealth of accounts of this city’s existence. 

Return to Table of Contents
Husyra’Lampétunís
Among the tiers of Delpharïis, one temple was known as Husyra’Lampétunís, loosely meaning the “the House of Lampetia.” It was here that the Oracle of Delpharïis consulted the goddess of magic, Lampetia. Much of its grandeur and spectacle is legend, fortified by frequent trips by the Rorj’golém, himself a near-mythic hero of Rostheromi history. 
Magic historians hope to find this spot and search for answers about how much of this temple truly did as the accounts claim. Most are hoping to find some measure of record at the temple that could help explain how the Rorj’golém came about his knowledge, and similarly whether the Oracle of Delpharïis truly communicated with Lampetia. 

Return to Table of Contents
Korrand’s Finger
At the area of Thermotylus, where the Crag meets the Spartrakus Sea, there are three peninsula outcrops known as the Hand of Korrand, the first of these famously known as Korrand’s Finger. This jetting mound of rock has repeatedly been a place of lucrative fishing and sacrifices to please Korrand, the god of fishing, and attain great harvests of fish. 
Considered one of the few sacred spots in the lands of Rostheromi accessible to all, most travelers seeking to worship Korrand at this point ventured from the fishing port of Genlindal rather than risk being attacked as invaders by the Warriors of the Purple Sun if they crossed through Rostheromi territory. After Genlindal was sealed in the Rygem’dor War, concessions were made to create envoys which would be granted safe passage while the pass at Genlindal was again cleared. 

Return to Table of Contents
Thermotylus
The Tither’rïan Mountains run most of the length of the Spartrakus Sea—with only a few gaps between where cities like Genlindal and Henopred nestled themselves safely inside—and continue to snake upward and downward well beyond the sea.. However, at one portion of the mountain range is a myriad of locations now regarded with near sacred accounts from the Rygem’dor War. 
Thermotylus is a cove-like area in the midst of the Tither’rïan Mountains, characterized by a flat plateau, eroded gorge, a river, and the peninsulas of the Hand of Korrand lancing out into the Spartrakus Sea. Famously, the plateau is called the Thermotylus Crag, with the gorge and river famously leading from the Spartrakus Sea to the Thermotylus Lake. 
Thermotylus first gained fame in the ancient world for the Thermotylus Lake. Within its waters swam pterapthyodes, fish whose leathery scale skin and bone plate armor were perfect for creating armor and clothing. After several religious ceremonies, the people of Rostheromi took several pterapthyodes to other constructed lakes to breed large crops of the fish and not take from the god of fishing, Korrand, his bounty of such useful fish. 
The lake was kept alive by silt and water from the Spartrakus Sea during the wet seasons, supplied through a gorge in the Thermotylus Crag and the river that ran through it. This location was very well known to both Rostheromi and the Tither’rïan amazons, almost a religious site in and of itself for its distinguishing landmarks. When the Rygem’dor War began, Rostheromi learned of a contingent of Rygem’dor soldiers sailing for Genlindal. 
Because of the festivals at Rostheromi, few soldiers could be spared for the battle. As such, a controversial decision was made to force the battle to take place at Thermotylus. Within the religious ceremonies at Rostheromi came several sacrifices to appease the gods for using Thermotylus as a battlefield, pledging to not allow Rygem’dor to soil the land with its filth. The Gods must have looked favorably upon these ceremonies since no Rygem’dor soldier ever stepped foot near the Thermotylus Lake. 
Rostheromi, seeing the few survivors of the battle concluded that the gods understood their decision, but required the sacrifice of nearly all in the army to appease such a choice. As such, further accounts of Thermotylus consider it a site too sacred to walk upon with any weapons in-hand unless to defend it once more. Of the latter amendment, it seems all in Rostheromi knew that they would be sacrificing their lives to the gods if they had to defend Thermotylus once again. 

Return to Table of Contents
Thermotylus Crag
Often referred to historically as “the Crag,” it is a section of Thermotylus that lays flush against the Spartrakus Sea. The Crag is characteristically sheer, its rocks commonly breaking off vertically rather than at irregular angles that would usually round off a shoreline mountain range. Dually it is a plateau, pot marked with warm geysers, a sharp geographic change from the sea and the surrounding mountain ranges further away. 
Historically, the Crag is often regarded as a garden to the gods because its geysers erupt so often that the ancient civilizations believed the gods must be involved somehow. These searing hot springs would often rain down the area with numerous eruptions, the water cooling in the air just enough to not burn the skin by the time it hit the Crag’s plateau. This created mists and rainbows above the Crag in the daylight, further cementing the notion of the gods intervention. 
For the most part, the Crag has been recorded as being one hundred yards in width, though it believed the Crag widened as it neared the Thermotylus River and Korrand’s Finger based on scattered accounts of the plateau returning to a mountainous form beyond the river. Most historians mark the Crag from the point of the plateau’s beginnings at the upraised foothills of the Tither’rïan Mountains to the eroded chasm that marks the Thermotylus River. 
Current science speculates that the plateau was a temporary shape, referring to the numerous geysers and the rock’s tendency to sheer off vertically. It is possible that left alone, the Crag would eventually have enough rocks snap off as to expose geyser sides and likely end their eruptions by one means or another, likely after the Crag had sheered off so much rock as to look less like a plateau and more like small sharp foothills. If this were the case, most historians figure finding the actual Crag at this point would be next to impossible without the geysers still erupting or the land mass still in a form similar to historical accounts. As of this point, no such land mass has been found. 

Return to Table of Contents
Thermotylus River
Named for the area, the Thermotylus River is a seasonal waterway traveling through an eroded gorge next to the Thermotylus Crag and reaching the Spartrakus Sea. During the rainy seasons of winter and spring, the river was usually bountiful and large, filling the gorge and connecting to the Spartrakus Sea, which also was flush to the Crag at such seasonal times. By summer, the waters would recede such that the Thermotylus Lake was left to its remaining water supply through summer and autumn. 
It is this phenomena that has gotten many scientists to speculate about the saline content of the Spartrakus Sea. With a large vein of water to the Thermotylus Lake during the wet seasons, the waters of the Spartrakus Sea should have an influence on the type of water in the Thermotylus Lake. We know from some surviving records that Sal’jels would hunt pterapthyodes. For the most part, these fish exist in freshwater lakes, leaving much speculation as to whether the Spartrakus Sea was a fresh or salt water body. There are several accounts of pterapthyodes in salt water however to make the assumptions debatable. 
Historically, the Thermotylus River is not thought of for its fresh or salt water content. Rather, most want to find this site to stand in the area where so many thousands died trying to penetrate the defenses of Rostheromi during the Rygem’dor War. No one knows for sure how much might remain of the fallen armies to discover more about that war, what with river flows and carrion feeders at that particular point in history when spring was drying into summer. 

Return to Table of Contents
The Wilds
Technically, the Wilds as referred to historically by Rygem’dor’s histories are the ancient lands once controlled by the varinti. Little is yet known about those particular lands, but one thing is annoyingly certain, “the Wilds” didn’t refer to those particular lands until later in Rygem’dor’s history. In truth, any lands not ruled by Rygem’dor are considered “the Wilds” in much of Rygem’dor’s early history. This sentiment was augmented by the acknowledgement of Asiér’rïan due to actual cities in the Asiér’rïan lands. 
So historically, “the Wilds” as a term have come to mean any unconquered land devoid of numerous city establishments. Even this is suspect though, as recent historical findings have uncovered numerous varinti cities, meaning the varinti were not a hapless, nomadic culture but one gaining in prominence. It seems more likely “the Wilds” were lands as yet unconquered by Rygem’dor that it politically deemed inferior socially. This seems reflected in the way the varinti were and are treated by Rygem’dor after years of war finally captured the ancient varinti capital of Akhet’Munu. 


Miscellaneous
Clothing
Return to Table of Contents
Dashiki
A man’s dashiki is a colorful garment, a simple draped clothing loosely worn over the body. Most are easily pulled over the body with a small cut at the collar to quickly put on or take off. Though there are more ornately designed dashikis for ceremonial or formal occasions, most are rather simple in fashion, with only the V-shaped collar being tailored and embroidered. This garment has survived the years not only for its simplicity in wear, but its ability to provide amenable comfort in the heat of present day Hessera.

Return to Table of Contents
Dupatta
Resembling a shawl or a long scarf, the dupatta covers the head or neck. For some the dupatta is a religious item, useful for covering the head while at a temple or in the presence of church officials, but for most it is simply a stylish accessory that can be worn over one shoulder or draped around the shoulders and chest. It became popular in Asiér’rïan before Hessera was turned into a desert, at which point the dupatta spread across the remaining lands as an effective means of covering the face in sand storms and the head and neck from the burning sun. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rostheromi Royal Vestments
On first look, the royal vestments of noblemen in Rostheromi seem gaudy, as if a testament to abundant riches and lavish spending. This is partially wrong however. True the vibrant nature of the stitching is a tribute to riches, but the vestments do not diverge from the traditional suits of war armor worn by the Warriors of the Purple Sun in function. 
Most of the vestment is a brigandine, cloth riveted to curved plates of armor to allow movement and formed around the noble’s body. Artisans sewed elaborate designs along the cloth and between each rivet to hide the functionality of the workmanship. Skirts of armor similarly riveted sat below the waist belt and draped from the pauldrons, giving a lavish look while affording military protection on the wearer. 
These vestments were made in part to showcase great artistic skill as well as a dual role of making sure whoever wore the clothing could similarly be buried in it. All of Rostheromi’s greater clothing was a tribute to both warfare and meant to be worn as easily in battle as it would in the soldier’s funeral. In this, the noble’s vivid clothing highlights the care and detail to accompany any soldier from the fields of battle to the grave. 

Return to Table of Contents
Salwar-kameez
The traditional attire of common folk in the Asiér’rïan lands of Hessera, the salwar are loose trousers while the kameez is a long shirt. It is an everyday dress for both men and women, usually with the salwar pleated or gathered into a waistband with a drawstring. The kameez is sometimes referred to as a tunic, the side seams left open below the waistline for greater freedom and movement. For women, the salwar-kameez usually is accompanied by a dupatta, a long shawl or scarf covering around the head or neck. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sari
The sari is a traditional female garment worn in Asiér’rïan lands primarily, though trade opportunities allowed for saris to make their way to numerous worlds. It is a strip of unstitched cloth ranging from four to ten yards in length that is draped over the body in various styles. Commonly, a sari is wrapped around the waist baring the midriff, with one end draped over the shoulder. The sari is usually worn over a petticoat, with a choli or blouse. 

Events
Return to Table of Contents
Battle of Genlindal
Historians love to dissect numerous battles in the Rygem’dor War, particularly battles near its beginning and even more specifically those between Rygem’dor and Rostheromi. The gem of military history classes is the Battle of Thermotylus, but magic classes—particularly Golem Studies—focus instead on the Battle of Genlindal. 
When Rygem’dor came upon the walls of Henopred, it was understood that the siege would be intolerably long since Henopred was flanked by mountains and Rygem’dor could only attack from one side. This allowed Henopred to be resupplied and reinforced constantly from the back. So saying, Rygem’dor split its army, with the greater force left to lay siege to Henopred’s front while the second army boarded ships and sailed to the first major passage through the mountains. This army was tasked with coming up behind Henopred to seal it off and lay an effective siege. 
The first and best passage through the Tither’rïan Mountains was a pass at the port city of Genlindal. It was a very wide pass and a very lightly defended city, making it a perfect place to make landfall and set about their task. Nelledotor Vender Norturor planned the strike to first subdue Genlindal in the hopes of negating any word of their arrival from leaking out and to secure supplies. The move seemed smart enough and especially easy once they reached a thick fog that helped shelter their army from prying eyes. 
From here historians have the benefit of hindsight to piece together the happenings and explain the phenomenal battle which happened. According to survivors, in the city there weren’t any living people. By Rygem’dor accounts, the entire population was cursed and turned into clay by “the demon.” This demon would later be identified as the Rorj’golém by both sides of the conflict. 
With the Rygem’dor army entrenched in Genlindal, the clay figures started coming alive an attacking the army in the fog. The fog suddenly lifted, revealing even more figures and Genlindal suddenly became embroiled in battle with demon spawn rising out of the ground to join the conflict. 
Methrian survivors speak of seeing “the demon” standing atop the mountain pass, light emanating from him. The demon then lashed out two bursts of energy into the mountains at either side, toppling and closing off the pass in tons of rock. It also freed new demonic spawns from the rock that added to the fray. 
The accounts by Rygem’dor back up the accounts from Rostheromi, which state that the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris, was ordered to seal up the pass at Genlindal to force Rygem’dor away and steer the army towards Thermotylus. The Rorj’golém was accompanied by his three consorts and according to Rostheromi reports and historical accounts, they evacuated the city before Rygem’dor could come ashore. The Rorj’golém then made rudimentary clay golem copies of each citizen and placed the golems in the city in poses of daily life. 
It is difficult to say how many golems the Rorj’golém truly made or had fighting at once, but magic historians look at this battle with awe that any massive number could be made and controlled. Since golems were new and only existed at the whim of the Rorj’golém at this point, it is easy to understand why Rygem’dor would look at these creatures created out of inanimate materials as demonic spawn. Even with all of the corroborative evidence between Rygem’dor accounts and independent Rostheromi accounts, historians still have a hard time grasping the idea that the Rorj’golém was truly as powerful as history claims. But the results speak for themselves. 
The Battle of Genlindal was a slaughter which made the Rygem’dor army pull away from a city they considered possessed and make their way to the next pass through the Tither’rïan Mountains: Thermotylus. Inside that battle, the initial fears sown in Genlindal of “the demon” would be added to when the Rorj’golém joined the fight in the first night and third day of the Battle of Thermotylus. Certainly the psychological warfare was as great a weapon as any spear or sword.

Return to Table of Contents
Battle of Thermotylus
On a map, Thermotylus is but a small parcel of land whose claim to fame before the Rygem’dor War was of religious significance. The Thermotylus Crag and its repetitious geysers of warm water bathed the area in rainbows such that the area was deemed a Garden to the Gods. The lake at Thermotylus was fed annually by a river from the Spartrakus Sea in the swells of the wet season, and  long peninsulas jetting into the Sea provided an excellent perch to fish from. 
In time, the first peninsula would be called “Korrand’s Finger,” and sacraments would be provided to appease the god of fishing, Korrand, and ensure good fishing. The lake provided a bounty of pterapthyodes, which became a staple of Rostheromi; the fish’s skin and bony plates the basis of the Sal’jels’ armor. In honesty to its history, such was the true value of Thermotylus in the lands of Rostheromi and to the people of Asiér’rïan. 
When Rygem’dor undertook the daring excursion to war with Asiér’rïan, Thermotylus’ history changed forever. The Rygem’dor War is littered with battles of significance, but Thermotylus outshone them all by the death toll in such a small area. Between thirty to fifty  thousand Rygem’dor soldiers landed on the shores of the Spartrakus Sea and the Thermotylus Crag. They sought to penetrate the dried riverbed that spliced through the Thermotylus Crag and thus enter Rostheromi territory on a venture to encircle the Asiér’rïan capital of Henopred. 
This army was met by five to six hundred warriors from Rostheromi, the Tither’rïan amazons, and a contingent of Asiér’rïan guards. Despite outnumbering the army one hundred to one, Rygem’dor was held to a murderous stand-still for three days of constant fighting. The shores became a graveyard for thousands upon thousands of Rygem’dor troops. Their navy was decimated, and there seemed no end to the killing. 
The Rostheromi victory over such overwhelming numbers has become the stuff of legends, their battle tactics studied and examined for centuries after the battle. Such study has raised enough questions to warrant even further investigation, prompting great dissection of the cultures involved, their armament, strategies, and all manner of details which most cultures take for granted. Because of these three days of war, more is known about the dominant cultures of Hessera five hundred years ago than is known of present day Hessera. 
 
Return to Table of Contents
The Dwarf/Elf War
Before and after the Sundering, Ertius has been strictly territorial between the three main cultures of Ertius: humans, dwarves, and elves. But never in the one hundred eighty years after the Sundering did all of these ever meet so violently as they did in the Dwarf/Elf war. 
Much of the particulars have been lost to soldiers unwilling to speak of the experience and much of the confusions and politics surrounding the Dwarf/Elf war still remain difficult to discern so close to the aftermath of the fifteen-year war. What is known: the elven vori was found dead upon the dwarven borders. This escalated scuffles along the border into a full-fledged war between the dwarves and elves. For years this continued until finally the human contingent of Ertius officially joined into the war eight years after it had begun, though there are some noted exceptions that had been in the war since its foundations to both sides. 
From the mess of armies, the two forces led by Dragonfire and the dwarf, Eddin Bowan, pushed into the heart of the elven lands forcing surrender after capturing the elven voristaor. In its end, the elves had lost most of their land to the human contingents, whereas the dwarves were quick to seek peace after such a long battle to try and quell the pains of the war. 
During these fifteen years, many of Ertius and the surrounding realms diverted themselves away from the lands, some taking to worlds like Airess and Dragoi, while other refugees took to Harem and the Unnamed Forests. The war drew the eyes of the realms surrounding it, letting the Tygon Empire expand unobstructed. Business and trade between worlds—due to the portals of worlds resting within the war-torn Ertius—ground to a halt. 
Now five years from the end of the war, the rustling of tension has resurrected, though this time toward the human contingent as their voristaor has repeatedly called himself the Voristaor of all Ertius and has begun talks to join with Harem and the United Realm without ever consulting the rest of his neighbors. Though politically silent, the remaining influences of Ertius have yet to openly agree to this, let alone stand down from what is surely another occurrence of needing the right few things to occur to begin yet another war. 
This has proven a massive concern for realms surrounding Ertius as the Dwarf/Elf war produced a massive increase in military training that only escalated the war at its end when the newly trained soldiers started fighting. Those trained soldiers and warriors stand out as a possibly volatile piece of political influence as with well-trained and battle-tested soldiers could make another war even bloodier. 

Return to Table of Contents
The Rygem’dor War
Depending on your criteria, the Rygem’dor War is either a war that lasted twenty-one years or eleven. The criteria becomes one of historical significance, whether you place the actual declaration of full-scale war as the basis for your criteria or the conflicts leading up to that declaration. If you choose the latter, then the Rygem’dor War started with several minor Asiér’rïan city-states outside of the Tither’rïan Mountains. These city-states were far enough from Asiér’rïan lands that they bordered the Wilds and the growing Rygem’dor Empire. 
The Miliïtus Revolt is considered by many to be the true origin of the Rygem’dor War. It was triggered by a tyrannical Rygem’dor ensi named Arist’gor who was assigned by the Rygem’dor Empire to rule over the city of Miliïtus. At this time, Rygem’dor was less concerned with conquering Asiér’rïan cities as much as trying to annex them peacefully. Arist’gor did not share this view and treated the people of Miliïtus like he treated the vandals of the Wilds. The Asiér’rïans of Miliïtus revolted against him and inspired the lands of the Wilds around to rise up in revolt. 
This war lasted for six years, the tides turning greatly when the Rygem’dor Army turned its full attention to the city and landed a decisive victory off the coast of Miliïtus five years into the conflict. The revolt was used as an opportunity to extend the Rygem’dor Empire, and though Miliïtus was sacked—its temples stripped and population resettled—the other Asiér’rïan city-states nearby found the Rygem’dor army surprisingly conciliatory in the way of the rebellion. Historians agree part of this friendly nature had to do with the majority of the Rygem’dor army trying to quell the Wilds, and an inability to focus their strength on two targets at once. However, due to this friendly nature, the soldiers stationed in these Asiér’rïan city-states started finding out more about the Miliïtus Revolt. 
The occupied city-states were allowed to act and govern as they had before the revolt, but in such complacency came loose tongues that informed Rygem’dor of Mara’thio, a large Asiér’rïan city-state that had helped funnel supplies to Miliïtus throughout the revolt. The nelledotor in charge of the overall Rygem’dor armies in the region, Mardoniïr Darphtis, requested and received agreement to attack Mara’thio for making the revolt last and destabilizing the region so thoroughly. Mara’thio got word of the impending attack and called upon its Asiér’rïan neighbors for help. Several city-states answered the call, chief among them Henopred, filling Mara’thio to the brim with rival city-state armies all in wait for Rygem’dor. 
The Battle of Mara’thio all but destroyed the city and left the streets sodden in blood and covered in bodies from both armies. According to the texts of both cultures, Nelledotor Darphtis was so thoroughly defeated that only a tenth of his massive army survived the conflict. The aid that came to Mara’thio was seen as an aggressive tactic and insult by Rygem’dor, which held its ground after the massacre. Zagausln Jorsyragol, Jytor of Rygem’dor, ordered the immediate construction of siege machines, warships, and called from all points of his empire for every soldier he could safely muster. For four years, Zagausln had ships built and commandeered, all of his resources were put to building up his massive military with every intention of conquering Asiér’rïan outright rather than seeking a peaceful solution.
Nearly ten years to the day of the Miliïtus Revolt, the Rygem’dor army amassed, moving by land and setting sail in a fleet that reportedly covered the horizon for the shores near Mara’thio. Settlers trying to rebuild Mara’thio saw the massive army and fled to Henopred without a fight. While Rygem’dor was annexing the outermost city-states of Asiér’rïan outside of the Tither’rïan Mountains, Henopred had received word of the invasion and begun trying to wrangle as many soldiers as possible from every city-state willing. 
Henopred was ruled by Vrelm Lagnothor Calzarim, who took the daring move of trying to unify Asiér’rïan before Rygem’dor could land upon his city. For a full year Rygem’dor tried to lay siege to Henopred, unable to maintain a breech in the city and likewise incapable of cutting off Henopred from its supplies. Henopred sat as the only easy means of crossing through the Tither’rïan Mountains, positioned right inside the wide valley between two halves of the mountain chain. After an unsuccessful year, Rygem’dor decided to try and outflank Henopred by sending half of its army in a fleet towards the next access point in the Tither’rïan Mountains, the pass at Genlindal. This move was not unnoticed by Lagnothor who immediately left for Rostheromi to try and broker a military alliance with the rival Asiér’rïan nation. 
By all historical accounts, Henopred and Rostheromi were heated rivals up to this point, both nations begrudgingly avoiding an all-out war while trying to maintain diplomacy. When Lagnothor came to Rostheromi and called upon Vrelm Voram Tydallyn to join the fight against Rygem’dor, he was relieved to find Rostheromi willing to do their part in preventing Rygem’dor from entering Asiér’rïan soil. Scholars agree that Rostheromi had several reasons to help the rest of Asiér’rïan, every reason from religious vexation—Rygem’dor’s fisherman over-fished and killed the lan’endils, sacred animals to Rostheromi—to the possibilities of occupying more land, specifically Genlindal. 
History recalls in short order the Battle of Genlindal and the Battle of Thermotylus, both of which Rostheromi fought to successfully keep Rygem’dor out of Asiér’rïan. The combined defeats destroyed the second half of Rygem’dor’s army and fleet, effectively negating any attempt by Rygem’dor to circumvent the Tither’rïan Mountains. While Rostheromi finished off the last remnants of the Rygem’dor army, Henopred remained under siege. It is accepted that Rostheromi brought its armies to Henopred under the command of Gantradi Tydallyn while the rest of Rostheromi’s army finished off the stragglers, but what remains in question are the various political maneuverings that occurred in the midst of the siege. 
Lagnothor was killed at Thermotylus, leaving Henopred under the rule of his child Ji’ïs, but her “rule” was quickly usurped by the Nelledotor of Henopred, Olberam Bumoru. This move angered Rostheromi so greatly that they pulled their support. For several months, Henopred teetered on the brink of falling until Rostheromi came back, removing Olberam from power and re-installing Ji’ïs as the ruler of Henopred. Rygem’dor was then forced back from Henopred, never making it close enough to touch the walls again throughout the rest of the war. For the next nine years, the two armies clashed over the outskirts of Asiér’rïan and Rygem’dor territories, Rygem’dor slowly being forced back to their lands. 
The actual fall of Rygem’dor in this war leads straight back to the Battle of Thermotylus where most of its fleet was destroyed. Rygem’dor’s massive army was too big for regular supply lines and without the full might of its fleet to keep the soldiers supplied, Rygem’dor could not maintain itself too far from its borders. This fact was added to by numerous Rostheromi raids on Rygem’dor land supply lines. The end of the war came mostly from attrition than any great landmark battle. The Rygem’dor fleet was destroyed completely at the Battle of Salmitu, leaving the army with no direct means of food. A year later, Rygem’dor had fully retracted its army. The lands of Asiér’rïan were so massively destroyed that history says nothing could grow on its over-fought soil. It has remained a barren wasteland ever since. 

Ships and Siege Weapons
Return to Table of Contents
Calr’Zaid
Mentioned once by Héro’daetïus and again by Nelledotor Greymic Halino when it sank, the Calr’Zaid was a jyliset warship employed in the Rygem’dor War. Its campaigns brought it close to the shores of Genlindal and the beach of Thermotylus. Kyrforlis Emiss Valenuim headed the crew, but never has it been stated what tribal flag the Calr’Zaid sailed under. As such, the Calr’Zaid generically is referred to as a Rygem’dor tribe ship. 
Much work continues to be done with regards to the Calr’Zaid, trying to find out which tribe sailed the ship and thus give some measure of closure to any surviving members of that tribe that may want to prove their historical significance in Rygem’dor’s ancient empire. 

Return to Table of Contents
Gygthegen
Only in the zealous madness of a warmongering ruler would a gargantuan ship like a gygthegen even be dreamt of, let alone built. That being said, the Rygem’dor army possessed several. Composed of two jylisets—they themselves composed of two septiremes—the gygthegen joined the hulls and provided a massive deck for the maximum carrying power in tandem with the shallowest draft possible. 
Historians of Rygem’dor had mixed reviews of these beasts, both complimenting its abilities to bear the weight of several loxodonts and siege weapons and disliking the seemingly gaudy concept of creating the maximum size possible. These ships are only known to have been employed in the Rygem’dor War, and might be considered the most wasteful use of naval warfare known. 
Their sheer bulk made the ships accident prone in maneuvering, almost impossible to run aground, and all too often had to be given a massively wide berth to avoid being plowed over by its inability to see smaller ships. Countless triremes were apparently smashed by gygthegens accidentally, making them a source of contention by all soldiers and sailors having to deal with them. 
At the shores near Henopred, when the Rygem’dor army was split to try and come around behind the city, half of the army was required to push the selected gygthegens off the shores to get them going. This apparently prompted Nelledotor Vender Norturor to run the gygthegens the farthest from combat and leave them as such at the battle of Thermotylus—not even bothering to land them at Genlindal—not because he wanted to protect the cargo as much as he didn’t want to see the ships and be disgusted by their cumbersome nature. 
After the war, the gygthegens were finally put to rest. Apparently no gygthegen made it back to Hyliseor’s docks, not because of sinking but because no one wanted to deal with them. Ever since, ship builders have tried to create designs that allow the same cargo carrying, without the massive issues the gygthegens brought with them. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jyliset
In Rygem’dor’s furious attempts to create the best transportation for as many troops and war machines as possible, ship builders began to attach two septireme hulls together to create a wider bridge and surface area for the heavy needs. Apparently, sacrificing speed and maneuverability were acceptable in favor of a very wide super ship. Thus the jylisets were born. 
Only the original was truly created of two septireme hulls, while all others were perfected to have the same overall look but greater strengthening between both hulls. Though a jyliset was in high demand by the Rygem’dor army, it wasn’t ever employed until needed, meaning these massive ships were dry-docked until they were called on for war. 
The issue that became prominent in the jyliset was its sheer size. Running the ship aground to dry its hull in a long journey was an arduous task, let alone getting the ship back in the water. When warfare sprung out, most crews would run just the bow onto land to keep the ship in place, and accept an even heavier, slower ship when they’d set sail again. 
No textual reference exists about the oarsmen and their placements. Only the reference to septiremes gives inference that the same seating arrangements were made on a jyliset. However, the oars were likely either shorter, to avoid the inner oarsmen from colliding, or the tiers were staggered with far greater angle to keep the inner oars from snagging. However the arrangement, it is unlikely that these ships could truly gain significant speed. 
The battering ram at the bow was more of a design carry-over from the triremes and septiremes, though it is known they were effective. By sheer size if a jyliset could get moving, it could plow through whole ships, not just puncture. Only at the Battle of Thermotylus was this ever recorded as possible.

Return to Table of Contents
Sambuca
Literally meaning “siege ladder,” the sambuca for a time proved a pinnacle boon in siege technology for getting troops over fortified walls. It was a tactical advantage over standard ladders as these engines of war did not need to estimate the height of a wall accurately, wall defenders had no opportunity to push them away, and it could be used from greater distances than conventional ladders. As such, a sambuca could easily get soldiers over a wall even if there was a defensive ditch or moat in the way. 
The engine consisted of two compartments on a long arm, situated on a wheeled carriage for the pivot point. An assault party of ten or so soldiers would climb a ladder on the underside of the far compartment, while several stones were placed into the nearest compartment as a counterweight. The sambuca would then be wheeled into place while two men would work its vertical capstans—thick revolving cylinder for winding. Aided by the counterweights of an estimated two and a half tons, the ladder would rise up and the men in the far compartment would be able to cross over the wall in covered comfort. 

Return to Table of Contents
Sampan
A relatively flat bottomed boat, sampans range in length from twelve to fifteen feet. These mast-less boats have such a shallow draft that they are ideal for river way transports and fishing. Due to this fact, sampans are not ideal for rough waters, as their hull cannot deflect the tipping motions of rough seas without a strong keel. 
The oldest known sampans were used in Hessera, driven by long poles at the back or paddles as need be. Several of the Rygem’dor tribes, Hyliseor in particular, would course the water tributaries of their lands and the shores of the Spartrakus Sea so much as to dot the shores with hundreds of sampans. Many sampans have small shelters onboard, making them permanent shelters particularly inland. Rygem’dor was so familiar with the boat that they are the only known culture to employ sampans in war, using them as ferries for troops along the shores of Genlindal. 

Return to Table of Contents
Septiremes
People familiar with triremes might assume a septireme was a seven-tiered naval ship. This is actually incorrect. As a later version of the trireme, septiremes have much of the same design, however the boats are wider, larger, and instead of three tiers of oarsmen, each with their own oar, septiremes have two oarsmen tiers, the upper tier having three oarsmen to an oar and the lower tier having four oarsmen to an oar. This arrangement made the septireme wider, required fewer oars, and allowed the ship to carry wider loads on its deck. 
Rather than smaller ramming ships like the trireme, septiremes could carry weapons and machines of war, more soldiers, sometimes even a loxodont. Though they could get great speed with a trained crew, the size of a septireme essentially made it difficult to maneuver in much the same manners as triremes. Instead, its larger crews were prepared to launch arrows ship-to-ship, or board other ships and fight as if on land. As such, many septiremes became large troop transports and in some navies the main ship; this aspect of only having septiremes often lead to many sunken septiremes when competent trireme crews attacked and outmaneuvered the septireme. 
Great navies, like Rygem’dor, used septiremes as carriers for all manner of war cargo, always in some naval convoy flanked by triremes in case there was a need to quickly rout another ship. The ramming bow, featured prominently in trireme warfare, is similarly adorned in the septireme, and just as capable of sinking a ship if needed. 

Return to Table of Contents
Triremes
In the history of naval ships and warfare, the earliest known ships designed for battle—even if used for commercial fishing or trade exports—are the triremes. This statement is usually debated by several longboats noted in history that are fast troop transports, but the trireme remains a true warship in that it could be employed in ship-to-ship battle, rather than sole transport. 
A standardized trireme was about thirty-eight paced yards long, with a crew compliment of one hundred seventy oarsmen, one jitalonr (sometimes called a trierarch), twenty crew members, and ten soldiers. The oarsmen were staggered into three tiers to either side of the thin ship, as the name implies. Thirty-one oarsmen were on the top tier, known as thranites, with twenty-seven zygites—second row—and twenty-seven oarsmen at the bottom known as thalamites. 
Training in rowing is essential as the blades of the oars are spaced only a hand’s span apart down the length of the boat and optimally come within a foot of each other when rowing, making it difficult to achieve full speed without tangling. With three rows, triremes do not sit low in the water, making them fairly prone to tipping, especially in rough weather. Many have a sail, taken down before battles, but this did little to avoid the cramped conditions that make long-voyages harsh on the people within. As such it was common on long voyages to find friendly soil at night and beach the triremes. 
Ancient triremes, such as those employed at the Rygem’dor War, did not benefit from the advent of tarring. As such, the ships’ wood became soaked the longer it stayed in the water and consequently triremes would ride lower and become increasingly difficult to propel or maneuver the longer it remained in the waters. Massive harbors are spoken about for early triremes, and beaching during voyages was necessary to let the wood dry. One exception to this practice seems to be the Battle of Thermotylus when there wasn’t room to beach the navy, and likely little thought employed in using the ships beyond the battle, thus leaving the ships to soak. 
Triremes have a distinct bow, projecting forward like a nose at the waterline. This bow became a ram for the ship, outfitted in bronze, then iron, and later other metal caps to strengthen the ram’s capabilities. Several maneuvers for ship-to-ship combat have been recorded, each requiring a highly skilled crew of oarsmen specifically trained for trireme warfare because of the coordinated efforts in accomplishing the feats. 
Primarily, effort was put into having a trireme come in at the flank and smash their bow into the sides of the ship, snapping it or just boring holes into the hull. Another, more difficult tactic, required the ships to all but sidle side-to-side, with the attacking ship’s oars drawn in so the trireme could snap through one side of oars and effectively immobilize their foe. As the tactics became more complex and the triremes became greater naval mainstays, the tradition of Rygem’dor and other early navies in having their slaves as oarsmen was replaced with highly financed oarsmen to accomplish these maneuvering tasks and accomplish the lofty nautical speeds of triremes for greater naval combat. 
Even with larger ships to contend with, triremes have repeatedly outlasted other similar ships for their speed, maneuverability, and ease at transport. Every navy that has foregone triremes for their larger, slower counterparts, have gravely misinterpreted the strength of a fast bow ramming into their ships at the waterline, allowing many triremes in history to sink impressively larger ships. 

Titles and Military Ranks
Return to Table of Contents
Consort
In the strictest of senses, a consort is another term for spouse, usually of a monarch or a religious deity. Generally it is a reference to a person of slightly inferior function or status to the person they are married to. Some attribute the reference of “consort” by the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons as a reason this term tends to mean “companion” in the modern vernacular rather than a marriage of lesser status attached to a noble or deity. 
It was in the Chillions that the Purple Sun and Tither’rïan amazons fought to win the right of consort. In this sense, the term consort would best be considered a temporary marriage between one Warrior of the Purple Sun and one Tither’rïan amazon. This was essentially a title, used to discern which couples were allowed to consummate their union and thus have the right to become a parent. Usually in the Chillion, the rite of consort officially ends at the children’s birth and has a great chance of never repeating with the same couple twice. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jitalonr
A military rank that is the equivalent of a “Captain.” It is subordinate to the Kyrforlis and ranked higher than an Atigri. For most armies, jitalonrs are the most common ranks and most prominent. In navies, the jitalonr commands the ship outright, with any higher rank on a more prominent ship elsewhere or at a command post. As such, a jitalonr in any style of army is usually in direct command of several scores of soldiers and are far more likely to be remembered historically, second only to Nelledotors. It is a coveted position for such distinct historical honors.

Return to Table of Contents
Jytor/Sytor/Voristaor
The equivalent of King in various lands. Hessera and Dragoi commonly use “Jytor,” “Sytor” is the Tygon equivalent, and “Voristaor” is generally accepted as the title of choice for most other lands including Harem and Ertius.

Return to Table of Contents
Mahout
Put simply, a mahout is the person that drives an elephant. This term has been applied to loxodont riders—for similar elephant features—and more recently to describe any rider of a massive beast of burden. That said, mahouts start as children, either for a family business or as a military conscript. They are assigned an animal early in its life and the pairing will grow up together, with the mahout as the exclusive rider for the beast. 
Most mahouts share the same sorts of tools, commonly a goading tool called an anlius. The anlius is a sharp hook the mahout prods into the back of the head to guide a tamed animal. Though this is generally designed for the thick skins of elephants, other beast of burden mahouts have learned how to use the anlius to prompt without hurting their animal. 
However the mahout controls its steed, many recognize that the animal itself is very difficult to control if the mahout is lost, less so because it can’t accept a new rider as much as a mahout knows the beast’s needs and temperament better than even the most experienced riders could. As such, new riders seek only to try and maintain a happy animal that can march forward in a parade or caravan, rather than military animals that need a mahout to encourage their warfare training. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nelledotor
The military equivalent of “General.” Though widely spoken of solely as “Nelledotor,” in massive armies several different nelledotors can be present. Nelledotors are only subordinate to two known ranks, the “Jugjes” of the Ba’kuth Empire and a “Virkol’korred,” which would only exist in an army requiring numerous ranked nelledotors. Though all ranks below are subordinate, the closest subordinate rank is the Kyrforlis.

Return to Table of Contents
Shinlin/Shinla
An ordained minister of a church, authorized to perform certain rites and administer certain sacraments. They are the equivalent of priests and priestesses. It is believed that the role of a shinlin evolved from nomadic ways, similar as it seems from the example of the Bedaryan tribes. 
Bedaryans still engage in what is known as the Yagna, a fire-side meal that the tribe socializes in. Dinner would be the social time where all would gather and share news of the day’s happenings. The duty of cooking the meal is considered a high honor and a job with very special respect. 
It was believed the ancient fire tenders were the first versions of the shinlins and shinlas, the orators that stood between the gods and the people. From their valued position, the fire tenders would lecture and give sermons, eventually turning the Yagna into both a social hour and a time for sacrament. Many are still trying to decipher how shinlins of other cultures evolved, though it seems plausible that similar accounts will be found. 

Return to Table of Contents
Vrelm/Vress
The equivalent of Lord/Lady in various lands. Even across cultures the term “vrelm” and “vress” have seemingly remained unchanged, and remains one of the few titles to be widely understood and accepted without explanation, even though the meanings and functions of these titles can differ greatly between worlds and cultures. 

Tribes
Return to Table of Contents
Atégantor Tribe
Of the numerous tribal nations that made up the empire of Rygem’dor, Atégantor was the only tribe to be readily allied with rather than conquered and subjugated. It is widely believed Rygem’dor’s reverence for the loxodont likely contributed to this. Considering the striking similarities between methrians and loxodonts, this is reasonably understood and generally accepted. Remarkably, even the methrians from Atégantor don’t know the full details of how they became a part of the Rygem’dor Empire. 
The Atégantor tribe became well-documented in the Rygem’dor War when their armies partook in the invasion of Asiér’rïan. More pointedly, a large contingent of their army joined the attempt to make landfall at Genlindal, then at Thermotylus. This army was headed by the Atégantor Nelledotor, Greymic Halino whose memoirs of the events survived for historians to garner information from. 
It is from these writings that the methrians of Atégantor have taken great pride in their history. His accounts showcase the strength of the Atégantor tribesmen in the face of danger, and their massive losses against the demon, Rorj’golém. Though their most dramatic losses were on the shores of Thermotylus, Genlindal was their defining moment. Most methrians regard their willingness to face the onslaught of the Rorj’golém’s golem army as a hallmark trait to admire and strive to emulate. 
After the Rygem’dor War, the destruction of life on Hessera, and the collapse of the Rygem’dor Empire, much of the Atégantor tribe left Hessera to establish new settlements. The nation of Rygem’dagor, comprised primarily of Atégantor tribesmen was founded shortly after the Sundering, paying homage to their history, their allegiances of old, and identifying to historians a strong venue of information on the world of Hessera before its destruction. Much of what is known now is a direct result of the Atégantor tribe maintaining their heritage and their cultural bias towards honoring friend and foe alike even during conflicts.  

Return to Table of Contents
Banossi Tribe
Historically, the tribal nation of Banossi is but a footnote in Rygem’dor history. For several decades after being conquered and brought into the Rygem’dor Empire, many in Banossi began revolts. The jytors of Rygem’dor periodically spent their time shuffling the Rygem’dor army to Banossi to quell the revolt, prompting new attacks on the undefended borders of the Wilds. Believing the issue resolved, the Rygem’dor army would leave Banossi to face the border threats, only to find Banossi beginning a new revolt as soon as they’d left. 
This cycle continued until Zagausln Jorsyragol succeeded his father in becoming jytor of the Rygem’dor Empire. Unwilling to continue his ancestor’s mistakes, Zagausln annihilated the residents of Banossi, just as he did the Thril-Gawiel tribe similarly rising in continual revolt. The destructive move proved Zagausln’s ruthlessness in decisions, and his stance on fighting the empire, forcibly pacifying the inner workings of Rygem’dor’s tribes. 

Return to Table of Contents
Hashnak Tribe
When Laleldar Jorsyragol became the tribal chief, the lands of Hashnak began to sow the seeds of empire, conquering their tribal neighbors and beginning the Rygem’dor Empire. Often Hashnak has been mislabeled or in other means misinterpreted because of an error made by Laleldar. 
Wanting to acquire Nepengal and thus secure the sacred loxodonts in Hashnak’s lands, Laleldar inadvertently defeated an ally of the methrians at Atégantor. Methrians, bearing resemblance to the sacred loxodont, were similarly thought to be avatars of the creatures and as such Laleldar did not want to face them in any measure of battle. To do so would have painted Hashnak inadvertently poor of religious strength in the eyes of other tribes. 
Instead, Laleldar managed to convince several of the newly conquered Nepengal tribesmen to help broker an alliance with Atégantor. To further avoid reminding the world of their misjudgment, Laleldar changed the name of Hashnak to Rygem’dor, hoping history would not link the two names. This seemed to work in the short-term, allowing Laleldar to exploit his army’s strengths and acquire further lands, including such mighty nations as Hyliseor. 
When he died on the frontiers of his empire, Laleldar had successfully dissolved any illusion of the Hashnak tribe still existing, so much so that many historical accounts wrongly state Laleldar conquered Hashnak for their mistakes. Such propaganda has still made it difficult to discern what the true history of Hashnak was before attacking Nepengal. 

Return to Table of Contents
Hyliseor Tribe
Up until the Rygem’dor War, history doesn’t truly mention Hyliseor. It is as if once the Rygem’dor War begins, Hyliseor instantly has one of the largest militaries in Rygem’dor, but before the war is non-existent. 
For the most part, the Hyliseor tribesmen were sailors and fishermen, but duty to the empire required many soldiers to train in land-based combat, specifically because no other army had a navy to contend with. The historical designs of their ships—the triremes, septiremes, jylisets, and gygthegens—infer naval warfare before the war, likely between other tribal nations lost to history. It seems likely Hyliseor was once a naval powerhouse, with ships tested in sea combat long before the Rygem’dor War. 
With working designs, the Hyliseor ship builders never changed their designs, and thus had working warships far in advance of the actual battle needs. The Hyliseor tribe is hotly debated by historians today, less because of their overall worth as much as their viability in the land war. Because historical accounts focus mostly on their navy, Hyliseor tribesmen face the scrutiny of whether sailors were of any tactical value off their ships. Considering the accounts of large contingents of Hyliseor tribesmen in battle both at Henopred and Thermotylus, it is assumed their sailors were competent at phalanx fighting. Exactly how competent is still in question. 

Return to Table of Contents
Nepengal Tribe
Before the lands of Nepengal became part of the Rygem’dor Empire, it was a flourishing land, rich with grain and loxodonts. The tribes began to herd the loxodonts and use them both as beasts of burden and beasts of war, instituting a long program of learning how to handle and domesticate the large elephant breed. 
Historically, Nepengal is known for its mahouts, loxodont riders who are given a loxodont calf as a child and grow up with the loxodont, never leaving it until death. This tradition, still practiced today, provides the greatest successes of rearing loxodonts for a variety of tasks, all because of the mahout being a trusted figure in the loxodont’s life. 
Such understanding of the loxodonts made the Nepengal tribesmen allies with Atégantor, helping to resolve some of their living issues with the massive beasts. After being conquered and assimilated into the Rygem’dor Empire, Nepengal was pivotal in peacefully acquiring the methrians of Atégantor into the empire. 
There are several sects of Nepengal still surviving today, their tribes considered a benchmark in Rygem’dor for the size and strengths of their armies. Regardless of where they now reside, few still in Hessera, the practices of mahouts and loxodonts continues, a tradition far exceeding the glamour of their tribe’s past. 

Return to Table of Contents
Thril-Gawiel Tribe
Historically, the tribal nation of Thril-Gawiel is but a footnote in Rygem’dor history. For several decades after being conquered and brought into the Rygem’dor Empire, many in Thril-Gawiel began revolts. The jytors of Rygem’dor periodically spent their time shuffling the Rygem’dor army to Thril-Gawiel to quell the revolt, prompting new attacks on the undefended borders of the Wilds. Believing the issue resolved, the Rygem’dor army would leave Thril-Gawiel to face the border threats, only to find Thril-Gawiel beginning a new revolt as soon as they’d left. 
This cycle continued until Zagausln Jorsyragol succeeded his father in becoming jytor of the Rygem’dor Empire. Unwilling to continue his ancestor’s mistakes, Zagausln annihilated the residents of Thril-Gawiel, just as he did the Banossi tribe similarly rising in continual revolt. The destructive move proved Zagausln’s ruthlessness in decisions, and his stance on fighting the empire, forcibly pacifying the inner workings of Rygem’dor’s tribes.

Weapons
Return to Table of Contents
Bhuj
The bhuj—or katti by some tribes—is a knife often considered like an ax more than a standard knife. The blade is often a hand’s width and usually close to a foot in length. The handle of the bhuj is at least twice the size of the blade, often made of metal. The blade is curved into an S-shape, allowing the ax knife to be used both for stabbing and hacking. 
Historically, the bhuj is used to describe the much larger cunisin wielded by the methrian tribes, or it is mentioned in conjunction with the Sal’jels who used the weapons as disposable throwing weapons as often as they used them to hack. Were it not for the methrian tribes, the bhuj would likely be another Hessera-style weapon confined to the desserts rather than adopted by other armies and societies. 

Return to Table of Contents
Bisento
Sometimes spelled “bisen-to,” this adapted pole weapon has striking similarities to the naginata and other sword-topped pole arms. The weapon consists of a thick, curved blade mounted atop a long wooden pole, sometimes being used for training soldiers at using naginatas better. Several historians believe the bisento is a later version of the “kwan dao,” a more ornate version of the “pudao.” 
This blade is mounted atop a five to six foot long wooden or metal pole, with a pointed metal counter weight used to balance the heavy blade or for striking with the opposite end. In either case, pudao or bisento, the blade is usually very deep and curved on the face like a saber. 

Return to Table of Contents
Bronze Sword
Due to the fragile state of bronze, swords of this material were not designed for impact, so hacking at an enemy was considered ill-advised. To do so could bend or break the sword. Today, when people speak of bronze swords most refer to the Rygem’dor War and the swords carried by both the armies of Rygem’dor and Asiér’rïan. However, often the wrong sword is associated. 
Several historical texts refer to these armies using both a bronze sword and a gladius. The two share similar designs, but different metals. Whereas a gladius was twenty-two inches in length, bronze swords were more commonly fourteen to sixteen inches long, with thicker blades to prevent snapping in phalanx combat. These swords were specifically designed for making short, powerful thrusts, piercing flesh as quickly as the arm could move, allowing a capable soldier, like those of the Warriors of the Purple Sun, to stab an enemy three times in one second, aiming for the stomach and crotch to split vital organs and arteries. 
While each bronze sword differed in some features, the overall blades remained similar. Double-edged, bronze swords had a sharp V-shape tip, with a rhombus shape when looked straight on to provide stability in stabbing and handling. Early bronze swords are said to have been made with bone handles, using the natural curves of small vertebra to grip with the fingers. The pommels of these swords were usually very large, matching to the large chappe at the top of the grip. 
Unlike later swords, bronze swords did not have cross-guards flanking the chappe to protect the fingers. Instead the chappe was as wide as the thick blade, usually more so than the girth of a swordsman’s fingers. Only when stronger metals came into usage and blades became longer and thinner did the need for cross-guards start to circulate sword production. It is this lack of cross-guard and resemblance to the gladius in historical frescos that continue to plague modern scholars who want to separate the bronze sword from the gladius. 

Return to Table of Contents
Caltrops
Classically speaking, a true caltrop is a four-spiked iron ball, thrown to the ground to pierce the feet of soldiers. However, modern usage has changed the overall meaning of caltrops to interpret any sharp, angling metal placed on the ground with the same purpose. 
The most common manufactured caltrops are crafted of four spikes, three angled down into a pyramid of legs and the forth pointed up. This design keeps the forth spike from falling over. If it is made properly, such caltrops can be scattered haphazardly and a spike will always point up, with three spikes creating the legs. Caltrops have also been used to describe various pieces of metal shards bent in ways to create vertical shears to have the same effect. 

Return to Table of Contents
Cunisin
It is believed variations of the cunisin have existed for at least five centuries, likely starting in a form similar to a bhuj. They are large pole-axes, consisting of a three-foot blade-like axe head attached to a thick pole via two sockets: one at the top of the pole and one at the bottom of the blade. The shaft of the pole is five feet long, with the blade extending a full foot above in a crescent cutting edge. 
Even in its earliest incarnations, the cunisin was a thick enough blade to strike without snapping the original bronze blades. Cunisins are uniquely cultural, considered a sacred weapon to the methrian cultures that litter many worlds. Methrian armies maintain the weapon as standard issue, and methrian commoners likely have some manner of cunisin in their possession. 

Return to Table of Contents
Four-Curved Composite Bow
Composite bows are made of different layers of wood, reinforced with layers of horn. Such layers are bound together with animal glues and sinews, sometimes going as far as to mold rawhide over the completed bow to further bind it. It is in the horn that much of the strength of the bow comes from, giving it such great range with less pull, but several other aspects have made the composite bows a treasure since their first days of use. 
For one, the bows are made without arrow rests, allowing it to be used by either hand. The pull is very smooth and the release propels all of the energy into the arrow without energy left to cause “hand shock” or “thrum” the string. 
The “four-curves” of the bow speaks of its look, with a curve back from above and below the grip and two curves forward at the ends of the bow. These ears curving forward at the end counter the increasing resistance of the bow as it bends, allowing the archer to pull against more weight in the length of the draw. As a result, the velocity of the cast is noticeably faster than a longbow or other bow types, the arrow getting the full acceleration of the draw’s length. This too makes the four-curve composite bow a boon for weaker arm strengths. 
Commonly bows require massive amounts of training to get the upper body strength needed. Four-curved composite bows require far less, and can thus be fired by more people. It’s smaller size, and ability to switch hands, also makes it ideal for horseback archery. 
The greatest weakness of this composite design, beyond the commonly high expense, is the glue that holds it together. Often the glue is subject to weakening by water, such that a composite bow can break into its separate layers when pulled. Most bows are covered in some manner of waterproofing leather as a result. 
According to archaeological evidence, the Tither’rïan amazons in ancient Hessera used to wrap a layer of pterapthyodes skin around the bows while the skin was wet. When it dried, much like rawhide, the skin would bind tightly to the bows, holding them strongly while protecting them from the common geyser water of the Thermotylus Crag. 

Return to Table of Contents
Hatur
A hatur showcases its direct lineage from the katar, a vicious punching dagger from Hessera. Haturs were developed off of the katar specifically to compliment the Sal’jel’s fighting style: the Jál’hatur. This style of hand-to-hand combat required far more forearm and elbow attacks than anything prior, and as such, the hatur and its brethren weapons similarly designed for this style had to service the attacking styles. 
For the most part, a hatur is truly a katar in design, with the key difference being a massive blade fanning out on one side like a hooking wing. Its curved shape is reminiscent of a scimitar, the inside edges often lined with bronze. The hatur allowed for a slicing motion without getting lodged in the bodies of the enemy like a katar would after punching. This allows a Sal’jel to maintain their fighting swings without having to change how they fight when armed. The punching dagger remained on the hatur specifically for its direct killing when needed. 

Return to Table of Contents
Katar
Unique to Hessera the katar, or punch dagger, has become both ceremonial and usually a status symbol of the military. Normal daggers poise with a right angle when held naturally in the hand, however all punch daggers are held with a cross grip that allows the blade to stay in line with the forearm. The design allows a wielder to direct the blade point with the punch, giving not only the force of the forearm behind it but also the weight of the body. 
These blades, and later daggers formed from this design, are generally thickened at the point, allowing the katar to rupture through chain mail. The blade is usually twice the length of the hand and sharpened on both edges for better stabbing. Down the lengths of the forearms are braces that attached the blade to the grips, providing some token of defense against attacks to the arm. 
Most warriors need to change their fighting tactics to wield these weapons, primarily because equipping such weapons as katars change your fighting attacks from slashes and stabs to punches, requiring greater practice in hand-to-hand combat. As such, punching daggers have seldom spread beyond Hessera’s deserts. 

Return to Table of Contents
Laberyn
The development of the laberyn is still contested, mainly because two schools of thought paint two vastly different ideas on why it was conceived. It was a bow so large and tall that an average person could not stand it upright and have their arm level to the ground. Even the draw strength of the bow is such that the tactic of pulling with the hands is almost impossible. 
The leather grip is wide with ridges spaced in such a way that a wrist could easily fit within. This is due to the laberyn being designed to launch spears rather than arrows. Laberyn archers would stand on their bows and lean back into a seated position, then notch a four foot long spear much like an archer would an arrow for a standard bow. The draw strength would require pulling with both hands and with both feet pushing to get the proper pull for launching such artillery. This allowed laberyns to launch spears from great distances and with such angles as to make the spears seemingly come from nowhere. 
The dispute of this technique’s origin comes from a suggestion that early Tither’rïan amazons were racing to catch up to Rostheromi in phalanx tactics but didn’t understand how they were supposed to use spears. The suggestion goes on to wager that the amazons felt the spears were meant to be launched like their arrows and thus created bows that could do that job without needing massive upper body strength. 
Supporters of this idea are generally discredited. Not only does it infer a sense of gender superiority in strength, but similarly of intelligence. The widely accepted belief is rather of an ingenuity stance wherein Tither’rïan amazons reasons they could effectively use these bows and could get two shorter spears for every one spear of Rostheromi. That they were successfully employed at Thermotylus suggests the laberyn archers were widely known by the Purple Sun and their uses on the battlefield understood tactically. Nelledotor Rangthor Renthar noted that although he preferred to face his enemy rather than watch them die from afar, properly using archers and laberyns would scare away armies and discourage enemies from fighting with total focus. 

Return to Table of Contents
Loxodont War Armor
Elephant war armor is truthfully no different from that of a loxodont’s war armor, save for the size and the culture constructing the armor. The whole armor is technically called a bard, which can be confusing against other modern terms for that word. However, all bards are designed to protect a loxodont from infantry weapons as well as make them greater charging weapons. 
Starting at the head, the armor begins with a shaffron, a head piece that either attaches to a nasal guard like the loxodont’s or as a complete armor piece with the nasal growing out of the shape. Behind the head is the saddle, to which a mahout controls his animal. The saddle retains the same classification as other saddle, with a bow at the front and a cantle at the back, but for most known loxodont bards, the saddles tended to have rather wide and high bows, usually for further protection for the mahout. 
Below the skull is the crinet, covering the neck, which is usually only in the bards of more powerful armies. Most stick to just having a peytral, the armor covering the chest. The peytral and the crupper are large sheets of armor, often woven of plate armor or various wicker plates. The crupper covers the rump of the loxodont, usually encompassing the animal’s tail. Over the peytral and the crupper is the flanchard, a piece of armor for the flanks much like a tarp draped over the back. This allows the animal flexibility between the peytral and the crupper without losing protection for the sides. 
Many different bards end up putting the greatest differences in armor at the flanchard, everything from plate and chain mail to wicker, heavy leather, and decorated cloth. Generally it is on the flanchard that some manner of banner is showcased to tell other armies which side the loxodont was on. 
The final and most telling feature of a loxodont’s bard is the tower. No war armor is complete without the square towers on the backs of these animals, for within these towers were the archers and spearmen which actually armed the beasts. Shields are normally attached for the added protection of the people within, as well as some times other identifying markers of which side the loxodont was controlled by. 
Historically, bards have variations between armies to add armor or subtract parts. Some plate or chain mail armor is known for the trunk and several examples of layered plates encompassing the legs are also common. On occasion, several bards have been found with weaponry that attached to the tusks, either by fitting over the tusk or by cutting the tusk off and using these bladed weapons in lieu of the tusk. 
For the most part, loxodont war armor is only good if it can keep the animal from being hurt, not so much to keep the animal alive as much as to keep it from going berserk. Armies found out quickly that elephants and loxodonts could rampage if they were wounded sharply or scared in any manner, thus making them just as likely to attack their own army as the enemy. 

Return to Table of Contents
Péjel
A péjel showcases its lineage loosely from the katar, a vicious punching dagger from Hessera. Péjels were developed off of the katar specifically to compliment the Sal’jel’s fighting style: the Jál’hatur. This style of hand-to-hand combat required far more forearm and elbow attacks than anything prior, and as such, the péjel and its brethren weapons similarly designed for this style had to service the attack. 
Like its brother the hatur, the péjel is defined by a massive arcing blade on the outside edge. Devoid of the punching dagger point, the péjel instead has a towering scimitar-like blade twice as long as the forearm. It begins at the base of the forearm guard, decorated in bronze along the inside edge down the whole length. A second smaller beak-like blade is on the inside, making the péjel almost claw-like. 
The péjel, unlike the hatur, was developed with no thrusting attack in mind. Instead, it was meant to be used solely for slicing and hacking, using the forearm like a brace to further compliment its edge and power through limbs. 

Return to Table of Contents
Rygem’dor Armor
Several scholars seeking to understand all of the how’s and why’s to Rygem’dor’s fate at Thermotylus, and their eventual defeat in the Rygem’dor War, eventually turned their attention to a curious footnote in Héro’daetïus’ accounts. According to his accounts, several surviving Rostheromi phalanx warriors remarked at the impact of the Rygem’dor phalanx. 
Rostheromi was accustomed to fighting other Asiér’rïan phalanxes, which bore soldiers armored in bronze and carrying heavy wooden shields. When Rostheromi clashed with Rygem’dor, their soldiers remarked that none felt the same forceful impact of shield on shield. Over the course of many researchers finding new information, several scholars have discovered reasons why. 
Most of Rygem’dor, though militarized, was not a uniformed army. Instead, it was a real coalition of tribal nations, using their own armor for their contribution to the whole Rygem’dor army. But more than that, Rygem’dor suffered from a lack of bronze, which Asiér’rïan had in abundance. As such, the bronze was instead used to forge bronze swords. The shields and armor, which have not survived the ages, were made with wicker, covered by rawhide. As the rawhide dried, the wicker armor tightened and became mostly formidable, with much of the leather bleached for tanning by whatever tribal colors were wanted. 
This wicker and leather armor was for the elite warriors, with the lesser ranks covered by leather only. History says the Rygem’dor army forced their slaves, dressed in cloth at the most, to be the main attack force. By comparison to their foes, the armor was little better than naked skin. The difference between Rygem’dor’s “armor” and Rostheromi’s proved a fatal imbalance. 
The greatest problem though—beyond the superior armor of their foes—were the short spears. Rygem’dor’s spears stood eight feet tall, long enough for the battles Rygem’dor was accustomed to facing. However, due to this length, most soldiers in the phalanx were slaughtered in advance of actually meeting the Rostheromi phalanx. 

Return to Table of Contents
Samard
In the designs for Sal’jel weapons that could work within the Jál’hatur style of fighting, the sword of the Sal’jels had to ignore most conventions. Jál’hatur by its nature is a style meant to devastate joints in an opponent, not slice or stab. Much thought was put into the samard, recognizing that the conventional short sword, used by the phalanx to stab, would not work with Jál’hatur since it changed the attacking motion too drastically. 
As such, the blade was thickened and sharpened to one side, accepting a hacking and chopping design over the stabbing of the short sword. Even this proved slightly difficult to handle since conventional sword designs maintain all control from a handle at the base. To acquire the control and strength for crushing through joints, a second handle was put into the blade just above the first. On the back of the lower handle is the second handle, almost like a smaller version of the blade was merged into the larger blade. 
The result of this intense work resulted in a sword with a lazy inverted S-shape, the blade curving forward. The hilts were both curved forward, joining to the back of the bending blade to force a grip and attack that fits the Jál’hatur fighting style. Five hand spans in length, the sword was crisply decorated with jewels and winding gold and bronze. It’s small and strong and ideal for close combat, while staying light enough that it can be swung with one hand from either handle. Gripped by both hands and you can employ fierce power in a short swing. 
These swords are said to have danced in combat, with their wielders switching hands quickly, hacking through armor, and essentially doing more damage than the armor or training at the time could cope with.

Return to Table of Contents
Spike Traps
Battlements over the centuries have employed a myriad of defenses beyond just the walls of cities. Newer castle defenses have a heavy reliance on moats and tall walls, but older civilizations that did not benefit from masonry and were usually begun as quick encampments had a host of implements to supplement their walls. 
These siege works would be spread out over acres, usually best for unprotected feet, but capable of disastrous consequences. One device was known as a stimulus, which was a foot long spike of wood hammered into the ground with an iron barb sticking out. Planted in fields of grass, the barbs would be masked in foliage and often stepped upon by advancing infantry. 
Another tactic was to create three-foot holes and secure a sharp, fire-hardened stake in the center, then cover it with branches and grasses to create drops and skewer advancing soldiers. These were known as “lilies” and followed from the impromptu spike traps of the Warriors of the Purple Sun. 
Most notoriously employed at Thermotylus, the Purple Sun dug small holes in the riverbed and placed several spear points and barbs. Because of the sand getting solid from drying blood, they would use that as a securing platform, and cover loose dry sand around the traps to allow feet to sink onto these spikes. 
Spike traps alone usually aren’t fatal. They instead are employed like strategic caltrops to hinder movement and allow the true weapons of war to finish off the attackers while they dealt with pain and an inability to move easily. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tither’rïan Quiver
Early Tither’rïan quivers are hard to find, but what has been described historically and some quivers of later eras still in existence show an hourglass shape, though the center is barely tapered. They are round like flat-bottom pots, the base sealed with animal hide and all but a hand’s width of the top covered in dried pitch and tar. 
This design was one of the few articles of wicker that Tither’rïan amazons ever had on their person, and until the advent of smaller, better quiver designs of animal leather were the standard for hunting and warfare because of the large amount of arrows that could be carried. Later designs would sacrifice this trait in favor of mobility and other long range ballistics. 

Miscellaneous
Return to Table of Contents
Ancient Studies Class
Students seeking political futures, officer ranks in the military, or looking to learn more about the past stop at Harem for its Ancient Studies Class as taught by Gredoni Fedallynom. For many of these students, Ancient Studies is a questionable class, at least as far as being required for their courses. 
Unlike most historical class that offer vague and brief overviews of the past, Ancient Studies focuses on the impacts of various cultural aspects over several centuries. There is a wealth of information for the military students, offering practical information on battles, strategies and the cultural biases towards certain battle tactics. Were that all, Ancient Studies would not qualify as more than most military history classes. In fact, Ancient Studies delves into the world of these historic battles and wars, offering hindsight into the cultures and the political climates that birthed the wars fought. 
Often, this requires examining the actual weapons—or replicas therein—armor, models of siege weapons and fortifications, and role playing of historic figures to illustrate how decisions were made. Such qualities are considered a basic necessity for life as a military advisor or an officer. But the class further explores the politics of current society, revealing that its foundations are layered in numerous cultures centuries before that laid the groundwork for modern society. 
The fabric of several earlier nations—all of which are explored thoroughly—allow political students a deeper understanding of several societal models that have sprung up over the years, cementing an understanding of the necessary vision to look for and understand other social values beyond their personal views. Religious festivals, religions, ecology, the effects of politics and the waging of wars are recurring themes in every class, universally accepted as a necessity in a student’s learning if they are to pursue the often demanding nature of politics, advisors, or statesmen. 
Most alumni of Ancient Studies remark that the whole class is built upon one battle in ancient Hessera history: the Battle of Thermotylus. For many, the class is a revelation, peeling away years of schooling that often glorified the battle and the people who stood at Thermotylus against impossible odds. 
Over the course of the school year, the Battle of Thermotylus is dissected in tandem with other cultural landmarks in history, often tearing away the heroic nature of childhood tales to reveal the dark, disturbing reality of the world that birthed that battle. Many students leave the class wishing they had been told the truth of Thermotylus in earlier schooling, hating the feeling of being lied to once they find out the true nature of the battle, but all are touched in a deeper understanding of how not every battle is clearly good versus evil. 
Usually it is a gray area of force versus force, birthing both death and life, spawning creations in engineering and weapons of war while simultaneously altering the fabric of cultures in a constant growing evolution. It is likely because of the impact of this class that so many notable realms petition to have their brightest students enter in the schools of Harem specifically to learn from Gredoni the important lessons of ancient worlds and warfare. 
Some have speculated that Gredoni’s class has done more to bring together nations than centuries of conquering and politicking. Gredoni would likely scoff at the idea and instead insist that civilizations are finding fewer excuses for war as more people are learning the value of peace.

Return to Table of Contents
Atrium of Irlia
High in the mountain city of Rostheromi sits the Atrium of Irlia, a four-corner marble structure with a massive circular lake at its center. Aqueducts funnel water into this lake as the first estuary before it is fanned out by two channels to irrigate the aqueducts of other cities below. This is to sanctify the water, both for the religious sacrifices done in the atrium and for the purification of the water before it passes to the rest of Rostheromi’s populace. 
To all four corners, the Atrium of Irlia houses altars to four gods. Irlia’s sits to the northern corner, with an altar for Tekten in the west and one for Korrand in the east. The goddess Siwen is represented in the southern corner, a symbol of her indirect affiliation to Irlia. It is by these four altars that sacrifices are offered, shinlins and shinlas gather to proclaim rites, and small prayers are called for. 
The Atrium is guarded by white marble walls and grand bronze doors. Though it is a site of religious sacrifice, it is one a commoner can visit, given the proper escort of a religious figure. This right to pay homage to a god is only suspended when vrelms are present in the atrium, allowing none but the select to stand with them. 
History recalls it as grand by its simplicity, maintaining polished marble floors and an atrium devoid of decorations. The absence of eccentricities is to truly focus on the gods being worshipped to. In this, the atrium is remembered as being a peaceful and sacred place, and as such sparse living was a way of life to emulate the focus and devotion to the gods. 

Return to Table of Contents
Ba’kuth Empire
Most of the continents of on the world of Caladoulor are still unknown, seeing as exploratory sailing is a costly venture. As such, only two are known: Zagadan and Rykinda. Zagadan is the most widely known historically and politically, housing some of the most recognizable realms within its twisting Mountain Spine: Ertius, Harem, Jastlex, the realms of the Tygon Empire, and the realms under the banner of the United Realms. But for the most part, Rykinda is widely unknown historically. 
That it is known is due greatly to the Ba’kuth Empire, which has gained a large swath of territory in Zagadan. The initial foray into Zagadan garnered great military attention, especially after realms were repeatedly swallowed up by the growing empire. The mass-growth slowed to a stop when its borders came far too close to those of the rival United Realms and the Tygon Empire. 
The three military powers established a line of barren lands to separate each nation by a long de-militarized zone. It has remained this way for a decade, each side keeping a close watch on the other for any attempts to colonize these barren zones. 
With the diplomacy of the Canen family ruling the independent realm of Harem, all three nations embraced a peaceful diplomacy of sending their children to Harem for the best schooling available. Maintaining Harem as an independent nation, the realm became a linchpin for diplomatic peace, allowing future leaders from the Tygon Empire, the United Realms, and the Ba’kuth Empire to learn in close proximity, the hope being that each of these future politicians would form peaceful bonds and hopefully find a non-aggressive means of quelling hostilities along the borders. It is because of this peaceful co-habitation in Harem that much of the Ba’kuth Empire has begun to unfold for scholars. 
Officially, the Ba’kuth Empire has only existed for eighty years, though this is widely understood to be merely a matter of technicality as the ruling family declared the empire as the Ba’kuth Empire eight decades ago. In reality, the lands of Rykinda have been an empire for several centuries, though the exact nature of when the first seeds of empire began is still debatable. 
With few reliable sources for dates in the passage of time, only recent studies have been conducted to try the arduous task of cross-referencing known historical events, like the Sundering, with the loose Ba’kuth history. Though the actual date has yet to be agreed upon, it seems the origins of the Ba’kuth Empire date back to an army of aunyaina called the Ba’kuth Army. 
The aunyaina were a nation of trolls on the island of Nitulu. History, such as it is, recalls at least one major war between Nitulu and the dominant empire of Rūscalinia. Considering social histories, there were likely several wars between these two nations, but one was definite. From this war, a Jugje named Hana’Rhal Brandred emerged as a conquering leader of his army from the Ba’kuth nation of Nitulu. All below him are said to have been farmers from the sparse lands of Ba’kuth that were drafted by Nitulu for this war and remarkably rose to such prominence as to be the vanguard of the Nitulu offensive. 
Stories seem unclear as to why, but every tale passed down since this war callously describes Nitulu abandoning the Ba’kuth army in the city of Albaeryn. Hana’Rhal and his men were left to defend themselves in a full siege conducted by at least four Rūscalinian armies. This may be exaggeration over the years but what is accepted as fact is the retaking of Albaeryn by Rūscalinia and Hana’Rhal’s capture. 
In a practice that continues to this day, Ba’kuth officers would carve their successive rank into their tusks—this is mirrored by tattoos for Ba’kuth military that do not have tusks—and according to legend Hana’Rhal’s men convinced him to dip his tusks in plaster to cover up his rank so he would not be tortured by the Rūscalinian army. His nelledotor, Arilm Fenlin is recorded in history as the brave soldier that took Hana’Rhal’s place. His martyrdom is celebrated with glorious festivals annually, much like a venerated saint. 
The Ba’kuth army was transitioned into slaves, apparently each taking vows to meet at a specific place several years later. Hana’Rhal gave orders to give in to the being slaves of their owners and act complacent to survive until they could apparently meet and seek revenge on Nitulu. Before this meeting could take place, many of the officers of the Ba’kuth army ended up on the island nation of Aleessay’Kimy where several tribes were either being conquered or volunteering to become allies of the Rūscalinian Empire.
 Several became slaves to the Laesyni tribe, a fateful location history would reveal. When the ruler of the Laesyni died, according to the traditions of their tribe his lands and power would transfer to his surviving wife, Bouli’stica Calōnin. Bouli’stica fully expected the Rūscalinian Empire to honor their alliance with her as they had her husband, finding out to her horror that with her husband dead, the Rūscalinian Empire aggressively assumed control of all of her lands as if they owned them outright. Her attempts to stop them diplomatically resulted in her being beaten and her two daughters raped. 
According to legend, Hana’Rhal was witness to this event and took exception to it. Wrangling all of the Ba’kuth slaves he could, Hana’Rhal sent runners to all of the Laesyni towns to spread the word of what happened and call to action his soldiers. With a practiced speed the Laesyni people were not prepared for, Hana’Rhal’s influence soon reached all of the major Rūscalinian cities in Aleessay’Kimy, his loyal soldiers prepared to attack at a moment’s notice. 
It is said that until this point, the tribes on Aleessay’Kimy didn’t know the slaves they had were the Nitulu soldiers that had become demonized in Rūscalinian bedtime stories. The details are argued from conflicting stories later, but it is known that Hana’Rhal extended his forces to Bouli’stica to coordinate her revenge and prepare her growing army for the inevitable and consistent Rūscalinian retaliation. 
In shocking speed, Bouli’stica sacked several major Rūscalinian cities, aligned the three other Aleessay’Kimy tribes—Cremozonti, Aridir, and Fatenlis—all while Hana’Rhal secured the Druids of the Isle of Gofin from Rūscalinian attack and captured the Rūscalinian vori, Casyra Vlatinor who had been in the Rūscalinian capital of Aleessay’Kimy, Lalarim, before Bouli’stica sacked it. 
It appears after completely decimating the Rūscalinian army in Aleessay’Kimy, Hana’Rhal realized Bouli’stica and her now free nation would be under siege by Rūscalinia in a new war for their uprising. This said, Hana’Rhal did not apparently abandon his mission of seeking revenge on the leaders of Nitulu for abandoning them at Albaeryn. 
Crossing the mountains separating Aleessay’Kimy from the Rūscalinia Empire, Hana’Rhal and Bouli’stica joined forces to invade. At some point, the other soldiers inside the empire broke free to meet at their chosen spot as ordered years before. Hana’Rhal apparently sent many to find the Jugje of the Ba’grim army, Tiutu Dé’indil. 
Tiutu apparently was meant to be sent to aid the Ba’kuth army at Albaeryn before being recalled by the Nitulu voristaor, Lotamor Rimistäal. Tiutu is considered a man of great character and secretly joined forces with Hana’Rhal to inspire Nitulu to join the war. Accounts vary but the accepted history is that Hana’Rhal went to the capital of Nitulu to officially seek support for his campaign. It was a ruse to get his men close to the rulers of Nitulu wherein his army and the Ba’grim army subdued the soldiers and killed the voristaor and his sons. 
This coincided with a delegation by the Rūscalinian Empire seeking to confirm whether Nitulu was about to support Hana’Rhal and break the treaty set years before. Hana’Rhal proclaimed to the people of Nitulu that its voristaor was in collusion with Rūscalinia to become a subjected nation as Aleessay’Kimy was. It is widely accepted that Hana’Rhal forced the vorista of Nitulu, Bekira Rimistäal to marry him as a public display of the ruling family supporting the war effort to keep Nitulu free and align with the armies of Aleessay’Kimy. 
With Nitulu, Hana’Rhal and Bouli’stica maintained an arduous offensive, retaking old Rūscalinian lands like Albaeryn and making alliances with other Rūscalinian rivals until the capital of Rūscalinia, Kïiv’Salémnok, was officially captured by the combined armies. It was there that Hana’Rhal married the surviving wives of the Rūscalinian voristaor, Devan Vlatinor, and officially married Bouli’stica. 
It is believed several of his nelledotors became vrelms by marrying some of Devan’s surviving wives as well as numerous people of high authority in Aleessay’Kimy. Hana’Rhal made a declaration at some point—often accredited after the war but believed to have been said before Aleessay’Kimy committed to war—that it did not matter where his army was originally from or who composed it, Rūscalinia considered them “all Ba’kuth.” He maintained this idea, ignoring species boundaries or social alliances in his intermarriages and the years of rule he imposed with Bouli’stica. The values of Aleessay’Kimy towards women being of equal stature in politics and war and Hana’Rhal’s treatment of everyone that embraced their rule being considered “Ba’kuth” became the foundations of the empire that was to come.
It is estimated that the true age of the Ba’kuth Empire is closer to three centuries, placing the rise of the Ba’kuth at about a century before the Sundering. This estimate is constantly re-examined as more and more Ba’kuth students and others of high diplomacy seek to find out more about the Ba’kuth’s war-like history. What we know with greater certainty are the eight decades after the Ba’kuth Empire was officially declared such. 
This was done under a ruler named Gurtamom Omkolkororm. He rose to prominence under a rather aggressive time in the Ba’kuth history wherein his armies quickly conquered neighbors and he set his sights upon Zagadan. Under Gurtamom’s guidance, Hana’Rhal and Bouli’stica’s philosophy was re-inspired. Defeated realms were neither butchered nor let free to roam. Forced rule was created on the survivors, with their identities of race completely removed. All species—human, dwarf, orc, etc.—were referred to as “the Ba’kuth” taking Hana’Rhal’s history to its furthest point. 
It is believed before Gurtamom that Hana’Rhal and Bouli’stica were known but widely speculated as heroes from bedtime stories. Gurtamom launched a campaign of finding the ancient cities Hana’Rhal and Bouli’stica destroyed to validate them as worthy heroes to emulate for his own means. It worked in the sense that his empire was rejuvenated with a sense of purpose. 
This renewed fervor aided in their impact once landing in Zagadan. Their conquests and quick assimilation made many realms choose to be annexed into the Ba’kuth Empire rather than face the fury of their army. Over the years, trade agreements have made the Ba’kuth a dominant force in Zagadan, and their agreements to train students in Harem has only encouraged a larger amount of unease among many in the United Realms. 
Since the capital of the Ba’kuth Empire is still on Rykinda, direct contact with Ba’kuth leaders is difficult. Many in the United Realms wonder if the peace found through Harem is in effect a calm before the storm, wondering how well the Ba’kuth hierarchy can control their forces on Zagadan while staying in Rykinda. 
The constant surveillance in the tense stalemate has only grown more in intensity over the past two decades as both nations have expanded away from the line of neutral zone realms. Considering the sizes of both sides, there is always an air of an imminent great war, which has only furthered the championing of finding a peaceful solution to this imminent war through the Harem schools.

Return to Table of Contents
Cala’ramir Castle
The ruins of Cala’ramir Castle can still be seen today, slowly being rebuilt after its chaotic destruction on the final day of the Dwarf/Elf war. Cala’ramir is the elven capital in Ertius and during the Dwarf/Elf war became a major hub of the elven war machine. On the final day of the war, infiltrators destroyed the castle from within, leaving the rest of the city unscathed. As such, rather than abandoning the site, Cala’ramir Castle is still under reconstruction to make the structure stronger than ever. 
Some elves see this in a dark light, wishing the attention of the elven hierarchy would concentrate on the remaining lands of the elves than trying to spend its time on making a massive construct. But the hierarchy truly believes that in completing the structure, the elves will show they are still powerful to their neighbors.

Return to Table of Contents
The Chillion
Amazon societies historically have had a myriad of practices to maintain their culture, with none as far reaching as the Chillion. The Chillion has been the amazon ritual for breeding longer than history can record and—through several generations and divvied among dozens of amazon cultures—it has spawned numerous incarnations and variations. These variations can be anything from a purposeful rite of passage to prove yourself worthy of breeding—as the case of the Tither’rïan amazons in Hessera—or to juxtapose such conditions of breeding with leadership—as in the case of the Rokdrad amazons—all of which meant to weed out the weakest amazon bloodlines and propagate only the strongest possible warriors. 
For most amazons, breeding is a sacred honor, requiring proving yourself in some manner that you deserve to birth the next generation. As such, Chillion competitions can be brutal and range in complexities to give only the greatest warriors the right to bear children. These competitions can be against men or against other women, whatever the amazon culture deems appropriate to establish their ritual preferences. 
In Rokdrad, the amazons fight one another to choose their social status, gaining the rite to breed with male slaves in accordance to the slaves’ own rank competitions. Failure to procreate with the slave can result in social branding, putting the baby-less amazon on the front lines as if deemed “barren.” 
For several cultures, this is an alien concept. That women would put such stock in earning the right to become pregnant seems foolish to several societies unconcerned with the war machine mentality of many amazon societies. It is in fact an understandable aspect of their culture when you consider that the whole of its society is based on female superiority, not male. In many ways, though the Chillion is ritualized, it is no different than how many male warriors and victorious competitors have numerous opportunities to copulate with women, as if in their victory they have proven they are part of a bloodline that is greater than their foes. 

Return to Table of Contents
Chip Log
Seldom known beyond the minds of sailors, the chip log is a triangular piece of wood run through by a knotted rope. Sailors throw these chip logs over the sides of their ships like an anchor, letting the rope pass through their fingers. Every forty-seven feet and a finger length, the ropes are knotted. As ships sailed, the caster of the chip log would count how many knots would pass through their hands in the span of time it took for sand to pour through an hourglass. The number of knots counted would be considered the speed. This became the foundation for a nautical mile. 

Return to Table of Contents
Host’pilé
Host’pilé is an ancient term from which the current word “hospital” is now derived. It was an advanced infirmary born from the Rygem’dor War and created by a freed slave named Mofin Host’pilé. The ideology of the Host’pilé was to further the science of medicine and doctoring the sick, rather than the infirmary treatment until then which involved making it easier to die or finding ways of making sure soldiers returned to the battlefield immediately. 
Curing ailments and understanding compounded injuries were not issues infirmaries cared about before Mofin began his medical practices. After the Rygem’dor War, Mofin had witnessed such atrocious wounds in the infirmaries at Thermotylus that he felt finding cures and greater medical procedures would in some way help him to remove the nightmares of death from his sleep. 
Over the years, this dream has been shared by greater and greater numbers, leading to a neutral society dedicated to medical advancement and often spilling over cultural boundaries to share medical knowledge. The hospitals are considered one of the greatest achievements of the Rygem’dor War as a result. 

Return to Table of Contents
Jál’hatur
Several cultures have at their heart some manner of hand-to-hand fighting, usually as some form of competition more than for active warfare. In Rostheromi, a very specialized form of hand-to-hand combat was developed specifically for warfare. Known as Jál’hatur, and loosely translated as “Joint Breaker,” Sal’jels practiced this unique combat form specifically to deal with battles that would not involve phalanx-style fighting. 
Primarily, this style starts with the arms bent at the elbow and held affront of the face. This allows combatants to block and still see their opponents. From there, the combat involves striking and trapping joints, with a great deal of practice placed on every attack intentionally breaking bones at the joints of their attackers. 
To add to the danger of this style, weaponry was specifically designed to translate the concepts better. As such, the punch dagger known as the katar was modified into the hatur and the péjel to give a Sal’jel slicing ability as well as the punching stabs of the katar design. The two-handed samard allowed Sal’jels to switch hands and hack with dizzying efficiency, while their supplies of bhujs were often a thrown weapon. 
By the time of Thermotylus, when Jál’hatur is first recalled historically, the style was still in its infancy. It seems the style continued to evolve well-beyond the early practitioners, though to what extent it is still used in warfare is questionable. 

Return to Table of Contents
Loxodont Whistle
It should be noted that the loxodont whistle, like many things historically speaking, was not initially intended to have anything to do with a loxodont. In point of fact, when the first whistle was made by hollowing out a vertebra from a lomogu spinal column, it was to capitalize on a mistake. 
According to legend, and it seems practical enough, a soldier armed with only a sling attempted to use lomogu bones as artillery practice. He noticed on one particular spinal bone that a pitch was derived due to a small hole in the vertebra. Attaching a thin twine into the bone and drilling a few more holes, this soldier found he could create a high pitch from the bone by twirling it as he would a sling’s shot. 
Legend insists that this clever device was thought to be possible for either something of music or as a means of communicating through the jungles of Hessera. In the middle of trying to find an application for the whistles, one idle mind found out that the particular pitch of his whistle caused a stampede of loxodonts to charge at him in violent fervor. 
In Rygem’dor this particular ability was not subject to happy mahouts who couldn’t control their loxodonts once they’d become enraged by this sound. In Rygem’dor the whistle was abandoned, but the device found its way to Asiér’rïan with the warning of its effects on loxodonts. 
Where the Rygem’dor nation shied away from the prospects, Asiér’rïan city-states did their best to experiment with different pitches and tones, finding some whistles worked without the effect whereas others of higher pitch made the massive beasts twisted in rage. 
Because of the lomogu’s sacred status in Asiér’rïan, the whistles were given greater heed, crafting an array of the loxodont whistles for many city-states for their festivals and prayers to the gods. By this the worshipers could incite the voice of the lomogu spirit to champion their cause to their divinities and sing the praises of the devout. 

Return to Table of Contents
Measurement
Before the standardizations of several units of measurement, historians have accounted for a myriad of different units of size for the same classification. Most common of these shifted terms is that of “feet.” Historians differ on the origin of this unit of size. 
The earliest known systems of measurements were for bartering of shape, size, and weight. Several systems are based on parts of the body. Historians believe the first measurements were with the forearm, hand, or finger, with time measured by the sun, moon, and stars. Volumes of liquid measurements for wine and container capacities were established by filling with seeds, and by the time of weight measurements seeds and stones served as the standard. 
Most times, speaking of measurement brings to mind ideas of length, hence the issue with the measurement of the “foot” throughout history. One of the reported units of measure was called a “cubit,” and even this was not standardized. The most common cubit seems to be the length of the forearm from the elbow to the tip of the middle finger. This is then divided into the span of a hand (one-half cubit), the palm or width of the hand (one sixth), and the width of the finger (one twenty-fourth). This had a royal standard of a cubit becoming seven palms long for construction purposes. 
This standardizing would not be considered standardized today, for the royal length was truly based on the cubit size of the ruling monarch at that time. Each new ruler presented a new cubit size. How inches, feet, and yards evolved from the cubit is quite unknown, but the same issue continued. Of inches, the prevailing theory remains that inches were based on the width of a human thumb. Surprisingly, most thumbs are quite close in size. Though this is generally accepted as the first standardizing of any length, the explanation for requiring a dozen inches for a foot remains hotly debated. 
Historically, a “foot” would be standardized to the length of the ruling monarch’s foot, with a yard standardized to that monarch’s gate. It is thought that at some point, one monarch’s foot measured twelve thumbs (inches) in length, and either by royal, unchallenged decree, or several concurrent instances of the same number, the dozen inches per foot became accepted as standard. 
Eventually, a larger unit of measure, the mile, was established in various forms. The most lasting of these forms extended to five thousand, two hundred eighty feet, based on a measurement called a furlong. Furlongs were established by lengths of forty yards, which in turn were five and a half yards in length themselves. 
Other units of measure, such as the fathom that is eighteen handbreadths long (the distance from fingertip to fingertip of an adult with his arms spread fully), have found niches in the modern nomenclature, usually adapted from rural measurements that likewise began basing their measuring systems off of lengths of the body. 
Because each of these larger units were fundamentally based on varying lengths of smaller units, decoding the true sizes and scales of some historical buildings or ships is perilous at most. Still, the imperial standard of measurements, now universally standardized, remains the verbatim of unit measure. 

Return to Table of Contents
Niello
In various attempts to beautify objects and armor, several engraving techniques sprung out, but few had the same look as niello. Niello is a black, metallic alloy of sulfur, copper, silver, and often lead. It is often used as an inlay for engraved metal and fills the cut designs. 
Each artist has their own formula for the niello amalgam, combining various amounts of silver, copper and lead into a crucible and forge for hours. After the broth is sufficiently mixed, sulfur is added, making sure to stir out any bubbles or scum. The amalgam is then poured into a container—usually creating rod shapes—until it dries. At such point, the niello amalgam has a black color with a light blue luster and though hard has a much lower melting point. The rods can then be stored and broken up into small pieces when needed. 
An artisan carves a character or pattern into silver, leaving the figure raised by carving out the “background.” The niello is then used to fill the background. After baking in an open flame, the alloy hardens and can be sanded smooth and buffed. Any minute details would then have to be added by hand. This technique is used on numerous items, from armor to dishware, to ornamentations. 

Return to Table of Contents
Phalanx
The phalanx is a column formation of heavy infantry carrying long spears or pikes, and short swords. In their left hands, the phalanx soldiers would hold a large shield, and use their right hands to stab with the pikes or jab with the sword. Each column would be stacked in rows, creating squares and rectangles of soldiers with bristling spears upraised. This stacking of ranks allowed pike men in rows behind to lower their spears in advance of the front line and strike at the opposing forces before they could reach the first shields. 
For years, wars fought with the phalanx formations ignored auxiliary forces like cavalry or archers because the need was not seen. It is said that Asiér’rïan city-states fought repeatedly in the same locations of narrow channels with other city-states year after year because the location favored the phalanx formation. Rather than adapt to different terrains, many armies simply returned to the same places to fight. 
It wasn’t until the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons introduced cavalry and flanking archers, choosing different terrains, and began tearing through swaths of phalanxes that Asiér’rïan armies began reconsidering the need for auxiliary forces. Oddly, because of the Asiér’rïan dependence on this formation for so long, several other cultures in Hessera took the form and spread it to other nations, believing this to be a superior fighting style. 
This little-known fact has several archaeologists convinced that Rygem’dor, when it risked sending much of its besieging army to invade the Asiér’rïan lands and flank the city of Henopred, was so confident in their mastery of the phalanx, and their modifications with archers and war loxodonts that they believed they would trample through any opposition. It is believed that such a tactic would have been true if the Rygem’dor army began its attacks twenty years earlier. 
By the time of their invasion, Asiér’rïan armor had accrued new designed to counterbalance the greater threats of the Purple Sun, weapons were upgraded to pierce through the armor, and warriors were battle-hardened by the experiences of auxiliary attacks. Many believe Rygem’dor had not gained information of this in advance of their attack, and such a folly likely contributed to the massive destruction at Thermotylus at the hands of none other than the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons. 

Return to Table of Contents
Remembrances of Rostheromi
For many years, much of Hessera’s history was shrouded in myth and legend rather than fact. It wasn’t until the collected works of Héro’daetïus, a historian living in Hessera, made their way off-world to Caladoulor that some of those legends were dispelled and others clarified with fact. 
One of the first, and certainly one of the most comprehensive, accounts of Hessera was penned by Héro’daetïus entitled Remembrances of Rostheromi. In it, Héro’daetïus took the uncommon (at that time) approach of recounting the histories of Rygem’dor and Asiér’rïan with equal time shared to both and a fair hand given in the details. Where other histories of the period are either swayed to a Rygem’dor bias or an Asiér’rïan bias, Remembrances of Rostheromi details a stunning history of both cultures, their politics, their leaders, wars, and most importantly different from other authors: an unbiased examination. 
For historians, Héro’daetïus’ book is more precious than any treasure as it spans decades of research and has interviews with people who were a part of the events Héro’daetïus describes. As opposed to some books written years after an event by people who never saw the event in question, Héro’daetïus instead drew from the sources as best anyone could to say what actually happened and the impact on the two cultures. 
Some historians call into question the entirety of this claim however, seeing as how it is nearly impossible to tell when the book was written. There are lingering accounts that possibly Héro’daetïus’ work was written well after the Rygem’dor War survivors could have possibly lived, and as such his accounts are still word of mouth. Other theories suggest that this work might have been started by another author, possibly Héro’daetïus’ father, and pursued and completed by Héro’daetïus. Still others claim the current version of Remembrances of Rostheromi were altered and added to by later authors that lived through later experiences and whose names have been erased from the history of the book. 
Whatever the truth, the reality of Remembrances of Rostheromi remains: it is a comprehensive historical account of both Rygem’dor and Asiér’rïan life with as much effort as possible put in to avoid a bias towards either. 

Return to Table of Contents
The Sal’jels
Traditional phalanx fighting has a fundamental flaw: it only works if no one attacks the flanks. Because of the formation, the only defended position of a phalanx is the front, with both the sides and rear uncovered. To counteract this, for generations phalanx armies would fight in the same locations, typically valleys of some kind, that favored this form of fighting. 
Later, the phalanx was not abandoned as much as altered. Instead of changing the tactics, phalanxes would broaden the width of the army to prevent their enemies from encircling the sides and rear. Auxiliary positions, such as archers or cavalry, were meant to ward off any attempts to attack the flanks. In essence, the phalanx style of warfare was only altered to prevent ones side or the other from exploiting the flanks, and whoever did so better won the day. 
In antiquity, only one culture dared attempt to create a different war strategy. The Warriors of the Purple Sun faced a challenging foe in the Tither’rïan amazons. The amazons would not fight in a phalanx style because they were not as adept as the Purple Sun, and the Purple Sun would not fight them in the jagged terrain of the Tither’rïan Mountains because it did not favor the phalanx fighting style. An inevitable war was looming between the two sides, and a proposal to create a new force was approved. 
The Sal’jels are legends in their own right for numerous reasons, but historically they are the first true military army built for the task of fighting in coordinated single-combat at night. Early Sal’jels faced a daunting task of trying to navigate the Tither’rïan Mountains while battling, and if successful ending up inside the caverns of the Tither’rïan amazons and likely fighting one against many. The Sal’jels knew that the caverns would be treacherous and dark, and that the best way to reach them would be at night, so training took that direction. 
The traditional phalanx spear and shield too would not work in the tight confines of a cave or maneuvering around the mountain side, so new weapons had to be designed and tested. Even the legendary armor of the Warriors of the Purple Sun was not suited for this type of combat, forcing complete rethinking on how to accomplish this inevitable confrontation. 
The Sal’jels were a special breed of Purple Sun warriors, willing to set aside their phalanx training in favor of brutally testing out new fighting weapons and techniques. In the middle of their development, the Tither’rïan amazons brokered an alliance with Rostheromi, thereby nullifying the need for the specialized fighters. However, at the behest of the Rorj’golém, Sethrin Thenris, the Sal’jels continued to train and experiment, bringing into their fold several Tither’rïan amazons. 
This move has been the source of speculation by historians, mostly for the reasoning behind it as much as for the reaction to it. By all likelihood, employing amazons into the established Sal’jels helped unify the bonds of their alliance. There is also the very real chance that Rostheromi recognized the amazons as possessors of several better fighting techniques that could supplement the Sal’jels. The order of which innovations came first is still a mystery, but each had its mark on the legend of the Sal’jels. 
The armor stood apart from either the Purple Sun or the Tither’rïan amazons. All of the original Sal’jels knew of a bottom-dwelling fish called the pterapthyodes. Its hide was of such toughened leather that it could resist some arrows and some sword slicing attacks of the period. But it was the bone plates of the fish which truly became part of the Sal’jels’ armor, using numerous pterapthyodes bodies to hand-construct suits of armor that employed all of the fish’s bone carapace and hide for a water-proof, puncture resistant, shatter-resistant armor that the Sal’jels could still quickly maneuver in. 
It is said that pterapthyodes lived in the Spartrakus Sea and in the Thermotylus Lake before the Sal’jels created pterapthyodes farms around Rostheromi. Because of the great versatility of the fish, many Sal’jels reportedly became fishermen and disciples of Korrand, the god of fishing. This may too explain why the peninsulas at Thermotylus is referred to as the Hand of Korrand.
Of record, there is an indoctrination ceremony for new Sal’jels wherein they’d have to fish for the first pterapthyodes of their armor in the Thermotylus Lake. Fishing is the polite word for it. In modern terms, the word “noodling” is ascribed to this sort of practice. Noodling involves wading out into muddy water, reaching deep down underwater into a dark hole and wiggling your fingers as bait hoping that a bottom dwelling fish will clamp down on your hand so you can pull it out of the hole. The practice is very dangerous, especially for certain locations wherein fish aren’t the only things living in underwater mud holes. Terrapins, crocodiles, snakes, any number of vicious, biting underwater animals could bite off fingers or hands in noodling. But this practice helped prove you had the ability to blindly find your way and reach your objective. 
Only one pterapthyodes would be caught from the Thermotylus Lake in this ritual. The fish farms around Rostheromi were meant to placate Korrand, showing that the Sal’jels would not steal relentlessly from his great lake. With the first pterapthyodes caught, a Sal’jel would then begin in earnest the brutal training of the Jál’hatur. This was a fighting style developed by both the Purple Sun and Tither’rïan amazon warriors of the Sal’jels to exploit joints and make up for the lack of an official shield. 
The Jál’hatur—meaning “Joint Breaker”—style of fighting used knees and elbows to strike when unarmed, blocking with the forearms and always attacking with the intent to break bones at the joints. It was a worst-case scenario of fighting without weapons, maintaining a fundamental aspect of the Sal’jels: they were always able to fight. 
Four weapons became synonymous with the Sal’jels and practitioners of the Jál’hatur style: the hatur, the péjel, the bhujs, and the samard. The hatur and péjel were designed off of the katar, a punching dagger designed for close range combat. These daggers however were meant to compliment the close combat of the Jál’hatur without weighting down the body or getting in the way of the armor. By design they required a Sal’jel to be in close proximity to use, and by all accounts Sal’jels were unafraid to get uncomfortably close to their enemy for such use. 
The bhujs are often called axe knives, creating a thick knife that can be hacked into an opponent like an axe just as easily as it could be stabbed and thrust. However, a Sal’jel typically used them as hurling weapons, often carrying several into battle to lethally take care of distant enemies either for stalling or protecting themselves from being surrounded. The samard was their two-handled sword, capable of cleaving off the head of an attacker and being easily swung by either or both hands. Because of its design of one handle perched over another, the samard allowed a Sal’jel to switch hands and whirl the sword about with lethal speed and hack into enemies from all sides with ease. 
Truly though, the greatest weapon a Sal’jel had was the night sky. Save for small tribal raiding parties, up until the Sal’jels no one truly attacked at night and certainly not with an all-out offensive. Sal’jels trained to stay organized and coordinated by the moonlight, employing the darkness as a shield and as a means of inspiring fear into their adversaries. Rygem’dor referred to the Sal’jels as the demons of the night for their brutal attacks on the shores of the Spartrakus Sea in the Battle of Thermotylus. 
It is at Thermotylus wherein the Sal’jels earned their legendary status. In two nights, they managed to all but destroy the Rygem’dor navy and devastated its officer elite, to say nothing of the effect they had on the Rygem’dor army trying to fight each day on minimal sleep thanks to their repeated night time interruptions. Other battles involving the Sal’jels would declare that such victories at Thermotylus were not a fluke. 
In many ways the Sal’jels were feared far more than the Warriors of the Purple Sun or the Tither’rïan amazons. Within Rostheromi, they never lost their role in war, to supplement the phalanx by making sure the adversary was weakened and easily dispersed by the greater army. 
After the destruction of Hessera by the Sphere of Darkness, the Sal’jels seemed to dissolve in name at least. The Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons maintained their union but the phalanx style had shown its weaknesses too much. The Sal’jels became a part of the Purple Sun once again, with its warriors training in the Jál’hatur style and employing the Sal’jel tactics over the traditional phalanx fighting style. In all truth, the Warriors of the Purple Sun—as they existed in the Rygem’dor War—were no more, and the Sal’jels took their place and held their name. With this change, the mention of the Warriors of the Purple Sun had the added lingering nightmares of the Sal’jels now attributed to their namesake. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tither’rïan Amazons
Matriarchic societies, by and large, either do not grow naturally or cease to exist by the assimilation by other patriarchic societies around it. In fact, patriarchic societies seem to be the general rule, not the exception. This has baffled several historians and sociologists for generations since it seems amazon societies have to make a conscious effort to be apart from this “natural order.”
The issue of why a patriarchic society seems to “naturally evolve” has been under much debate, particularly since the debate itself usually finds an argument of religious practices or old-fashioned values keeping the males of society somehow in greater standing than the females. This doesn’t help understand the way matriarchic societies don’t come about naturally, and seem to have to be manufactured.  Religion and tradition may enforce a pre-existing condition, but patriarchic societies seem to exist before established religions or traditions. 
A society is broken up into two main factions: hunters and gatherers. This is quite indisputable, but it begs the question of why the men seem to always be the hunters, and the women the gatherers. It could actually all come down to babies. A hunter, after all, stalks prey, and needs to be quiet to do this. A baby, no matter how sated, will make noises at inopportune times, and scare prey off. So naturally the baby must be in the hands of the gatherers.
It would seem then that because babies are in constant need of feeding, and a screaming baby won’t scare away plants, likely the role of women fell to the gatherer less by capability to hunt as necessity to maintain the next generation. But it can also be said that because of hunting tools in the hands of men, and the advances in strength of arms and weight, that the hunters were the class which knew how to use the hunting tools effectively.
With expansion and hunting territories, it is not inconceivable that at some point, two tribes might cross paths and fight. In this event, the hunters with their prowess with hunting weapons would be the likely defenders, and the gatherers less able. It would also mean that for protection’s sake, a greater emphasis might be put on the hunters, the men, since they will be the best at defending the tribe. 
Patriarchic societies could very well come about “naturally” not because of one gender’s greatness to another’s lesser quality as much as because one gender was better trained to defend the tribe, and thus all emphasis was put on that gender for the protection of the tribe. For an amazon society, emphasis has to therefore be on one gender over the other, but creating that society is another matter altogether. 
Bursting into the historical tapestry some six hundred years ago, historians still do not know how the amazons of the Tither’rïan Mountains developed beyond the legends and the myths of later amazon nations. The roles of hunters and gatherers are equally necessary, and there is little doubt that a warrior is created through the hunt. 
Between tribal wars and hunting large prey with primitive stone weapons, most men were likely to be killed gathering food or protecting the tribe than the women at home. The evolution of weapons made the hunting easier to survive and the prey larger to kill. According to several historical legends, some tribal women felt liberated by these new weapons, as it allowed people of lesser physical stature to hunt on a closer level to the warriors dedicated to battle. 
Several tribes tried to maintain their generations through multiple wives, due to heavy male losses in tribal wars. The fatality of men was so high that women outnumbered the men in substantial amounts, requiring polygamy to replenish the tribe’s numbers. This sounds practical, and you can argue that it is a good idea on the surface of things, but invariably this practical solution to a war-torn tribal problem shifted. 
As weapons became better and the danger of hunting lessened, the number of men and women started to even out, but the predilection of having numerous wives remained because it became a status symbol. The wealthiest and the most powerful had multiple wives and you could tell who was the most powerful by how many wives a man had. This happened so much on so many different historic nations that the status symbol extended into alliances by marriage because conquered tribes or fearful tribes would recognize the strength of the victor by giving them wives to solidify alliances and satiate bloodlust. This made women less of a necessity for the children of the tribe as much as it turned them into bargaining chips, objects, and status symbols first and foremost. The qualities of being mothers and preserving the tribe were circumvented by the greed of status. 
Eventually this led many tribal women into a revolution of sorts wherein they formed their own tribes. And thus we have the creation, in numerous places, of the amazon culture. There are some different accounts of amazon culture creation—like a few tribes whose men were so decimated that the only ones to carry weapons were women—but most of the nations were formed under the principle of re-establishing women as more than just a status symbol. 
Fundamentally, all amazon cultures face the reality of breeding. Most amazon societies were so fundamentally angered by the men of their former tribes that they excluded men almost entirely. All of the posturing in the worlds won’t change the fact that women need men to breed and keep the generations going to maintain the culture. 
One of the easiest weapons to balance out the sexes was the bow, and as such most amazons were archers; relying on hunting animals for their food and on the relative ease of the bow to learn how to be deadly. They used the trees to hind around, the brush to fire through, and they stalked the men that were hunting like they would any animal. Wounding male hunting parties, amazons could capture them as slaves, maintaining a ready supply of male slaves, specifically for the purposes of breeding. 
Some of the amazons conquered other tribes, and made the women of these tribes become essentially housemaids to tend to the children of the amazons while the women hunters hunted for food. The male slaves would be forced to build structures and farm the land, creating a strong role reversal. 
The Tither’rïan amazons lived in a large mountainous region bordered by many rivers and lakes and lush forests. As such, they supplied themselves on fishing and became expert hunters with their bows. It’s been said that a Tither’rïan amazon could land an arrow in the folds of a loxodont’s armor from three hundred paces—meaning the thin cartilage between the bony scutes that covered the loxodonts could be hit by an amazon archer—as it charged. Now no one can confirm this claim, but to have this claim made means that whatever their skill, the Tither’rïan amazons were so proficient at archery that no one doubted their marksmanship. 
An amazon society can thrive in seclusion, but with rival nations and their cultures nearby, the nature of an amazon society is constantly under siege. The attempts to be independent of the old traditions of men, and yet needing men to breed, invariably becomes a larger issue when you are trying to capture new men for slaves and fending off states that are all too happy to make you their slaves. 
In particular, the Tither’rïan amazons were under a looming, and growing threat by Rostheromi. They had the Warriors of the Purple Sun, the male equivalent of amazons. Both the Warriors of the Purple Sun and the Tither’rïan amazons bred for war and battle. Both used their captured or conquered as slaves. The Purple Sun realized that they could not have an effective military if their army always had to till the land and fashion their armor, since they’d have no time to train. The Tither’rïan amazons knew they needed men to have more amazons and believed their hunting was a strong means of training. 
Both would use their slaves for breeding and would take the strongest children and make warriors of them. Similarly, both had a version of the ancient practice of “exposure” employed by many cultures. When a mother or family feels they can’t support a child to nurture it, they will leave that child on the side of a road or in some open manner. Their cultural rationale is repeatedly that someone will find these children and care for them. 
The Tither’rïan amazons would take the lame, blind, defective and deaf children and use them as target practice for their growing archers, saving the weak to become the equivalent of servants left to make the clothing of the tribe. The Purple Sun didn’t just expose their children. If their children were lame, blind, deaf, had any visible defect, or were believed to be in some manner weak upon birth, the Warriors of the Purple Sun would take the child and toss them into a dry ravine to be killed on the rocks below. Both favored the strong children over the weak. 
Unwittingly, in their proficiency at hunting and capturing slaves, the Tither’rïan amazons caused many tribes and city-states to seek rule under Rostheromi to protect them from these amazons. This was all the more difficult for the amazons because the territories they hunted in were large swaths of forest that could now be claimed by Rostheromi and an inevitable battle was on the horizon. 
The contemporary theory of this point of history is that neither the amazons nor the Purple Sun wanted to face each other. It’s believed that the Purple Sun knew the Tither’rïan amazons would decimate them with their arrows. In fact, rival city-states made the claim that the Tither’rïan amazons struck fear into the Purple Sun, most likely to rally an army’s resolve that the Purple Sun was somehow weak to fear women. As far as this tactic working in battle enough to defeat the Purple Sun, no account has been found that any army’s courage could topple them in open combat. 
But the decimation of arrows is probably a true concern for several reasons. As it was, both sides truly wanted to avoid an all-out battle because both could see hefty losses. The amazons knew they couldn’t survive a traditional phalanx battle with the Purple Sun just yet, and the Purple Sun knew their archers would be a decisive factor. Avoiding battle, both sides negate confirming their weaknesses to the masses. But, because they were surrounded and because a battle with the Purple Sun was inevitable, the Tither’rïan amazons faced a reality that soon they would run out of viable fishing land and hunting grounds and battle would have to occur to preserve their way of life. 
The amazons had two things going for them. Firstly, their mountain range was rich in copper ore. Bronze was the newest metal at that time, and copper is a key component. So there was something to bargain with. There are also accounts and stories that say the Tither’rïan mountains were a labyrinth of twisting caves and irregular spaces that only the amazons could navigate and it is believed that these caverns were created by simply following the copper veins and then crafting rooms as needed. So with all of their copper, and joining the Rostheromi stockpiles of tin, the other component of bronze, the Tither’rïan amazons had financial revenue to trade with and some commodity to avoid getting into a war over. 
That doesn’t solve the fundamental breeding issue amazons faced but it would solve dealing with the Purple Sun eventually. The issue of breeding was brought forth by the High Shinla of Irlia who lived with the Tither’rïan amazons. Named Pi’dine Keem, hers was one of the only venerated positions in the amazon culture that wasn’t a warrior. 
Pi’dine proposed a combination-breeding program between the amazons and the Purple Sun. She took the concept of the Chillion and altered it to fit a better means. The details are lost in history, but it is known that Pi’dine and a contingent of amazon delegates were welcomed with open arms in Rostheromi to discuss terms. From these terms, a Tither’rïan city was created in Rostheromi named Cezaris, the established furnishing of bronze came to Rostheromi, and the amazon forces became just as high a commodity as the Purple Sun in many respects. The reason being, Pi’dine suggested the Purple Sun adopt a similar ritual as the Chillion, and the Purple Sun’s greatest warriors would breed with the amazons’ greatest warriors. 
In this system, all of the daughters would go to the Tither’rïan amazons to learn combat; all of the sons would go to the Purple Sun for similar training. A tremendous amount of emphasis was put on this union, with both sets of warriors competing in advance of the spring festivals. To mark the harvests, Rostheromi began elaborate festivities to the gods and goddesses with such fervor that nothing could move them. The very viability of the Purple Sun and the amazons depended on these rituals, as that would be the time they would consummate their unions to produce the next generation of warriors. 
This also, though painfully slow at times, allowed the Purple Sun to see the benefits of having a dedicated archer auxiliary in war. Because the amazons were able to keep their separate culture in their arrangements—able to stay independent of marriages—the amazons were quite willing to stand side by side with the Purple Sun. 
The two groups were consorts. Officially each would become a consort to the other during the religious festivities. Some of high stature, like the Purple Sun’s Nelledotor, would have more than one consort to attempt at breeding a greater number of strong children. But this title of ‘consort’ officially ended at the children’s birth, so it was essentially a short-term marriage that had a great chance of not repeating the next year. 
Such a system as the Chillion has become a figurehead aspect of amazon cultures, adapted to each amazon society to make the Chillion a ritual of several different variations. But it has allowed the amazons historically to stay independent of men while still using them in their society. With regards to the Tither’rïan amazons, they have become the model for other amazon societies and are often considered the mothers of the amazons, still surviving to this day. 

Return to Table of Contents
Tremégors
For years soldiers specialized in assault, specifically in the first assault upon new enemies, have come to be known as “shock troops.” They’re specialty is mostly attributed to these soldiers being capable of battering the strongest points of the enemy army. For Rygem’dor, their shock troops were known as the tremégors. These tribal fighters were used to combat in the Wilds and tended to die quickly, but because of their battles, their veterans were sometimes considered so confident in their skills as to be thought cocky or devoid of fear. 

Return to Table of Contents
Warriors of the Purple Sun
Die advancing, never retreat. Such was the mantra of the elite army of Rostheromi: the Warriors of the Purple Sun. Within the various historical social structures, the secretive, violent society of Rostheromi spawned one of the most feared and respected war machines ever when it developed their warrior elite class. 
Rostheromi was a city-state in Asiér’rïan closed off from its counterparts. After some losses in battle, the warriors of Rostheromi realized they needed to create a stronger military. However, with the needs of farming, building, and maintenance of the city and its people, Rostheromi was already training its warriors as much as it could with the free time it had. As such, the smaller city-state regions around Rostheromi became the targeted attack. 
Quickly conquering three of their neighbors, Rostheromi forced the residents into slavery to do the “menial tasks” of the city’s needs so its army could train exclusively. Without the need to spend their time farming, the Rostheromi army became the feared Warriors of the Purple Sun. These warriors had the highest status in society, a greater commodity than riches, especially because they seemingly were able to do as they pleased, as long as it was by the will of the gods. 
The people of Rostheromi were highly religious, so much so as to leave a lasting imprint on how their army would storm upon their enemies. The Warriors of the Purple Sun believed they were descended from the gods. Before a battle, they would sacrifice animals, reading the will of the gods in the shapes of the animal’s liver. Only when the gods deemed it would they fight, with only holy days as the period which no Purple Sun warrior could fight on. 
By the decree of the gods, the Warriors of the Purple Sun were fearless warriors, unafraid of dying. Before they’d leave for battle, their wives would call out to them “with it or on it,” meaning the warriors were to return home with their shield or carried upon their shield dead. The system was designed not to reward bravery as much as punish cowardice. 
Cowards—anyone who balked in the midst of battle even by showing a trembling arm of fear—were called “tremblers.” Tremblers faced public humiliation, forced to shave half of their beard, face, and head to show the whole of society that they were the lowest of the low. Their daughters could not marry, their families ostracized, and none spoke to them. Anyone, including slaves, was allowed to hit a trembler, but they were not cast out of the city. They were kept as living examples of what not to ever be. Most committed suicide, as to be shunned was worse than death. 
Weeding out tremblers was vital and made the Warriors of the Purple Sun a fearsome army. Anyone that faced them in battle faced a mass of perfectly trained warriors that moved as one and fought like a single mind. Only the elite could become Warriors of the Purple Sun. 
The ancient practice of exposure—leaving babies out in the open rather than carrying for them, under the pretext that “someone” would come along and care for them eventually—was taken to an extreme version by the Purple Sun. Instead of simple exposure, all children were checked at birth to see if they met the Rostheromi ideal. If the child had a defect—blind, lame, deaf, or even looked weak—they would be hurled into a chasm. 
These warriors had a life-long duty to the state. At seven, boys would be removed from their family to begin training in the warrior way. They would be given a sword and sent out to survive on their own, barefoot in the wilds. Deliberately the boy would not be given enough to eat, encouraging them to steal in order to supplement their rations. If they were caught, they were whipped, not for stealing but for being clumsy enough to be caught. 
At puberty, the child would gain a mentor to take over their training. The warriors were meant to be “similars,” rather than individualized warrior minds. If they survived training, they’d join the upper ranks of the army at the age of twenty, whereupon they’d fight until sixty or dead. It was the duty of these warriors to breed sons, maintaining the constant flow of warrior elites for generations to come. 
Warriors of the Purple Sun were experts at the phalanx form of fighting. Where other phalanxes would rush into battle, the Purple Sun would calmly walk into charging armies. They were comfortable with death, their profession often a bloodbath. Anyone fighting them in Asiér’rïan expected high losses, and many recalled that the phalanx could turn and move like a flock of birds or a herd of lomogus changing direction. 
All of this was in place when Rostheromi came under the leadership of Voram Tydallyn. Voram and his son Gantradi were considered gods made flesh by the people of Rostheromi, and it is through Voram’s reign that we know the most about the Warriors of the Purple Sun. 
Some historians believe he weakened the rigidity of the Warriors of the Purple Sun, but history clearly shows he instead guided it. Under Voram’s direction, city-states were conquered and their best and brightest were put to work on an infrastructure for Rostheromi. The Purple Sun never lost its renowned reputation, but much of the attention at Rostheromi was placed upon the city-state growing and developing into a powerhouse nation that was guarded by the Warriors of the Purple Sun. 
Accordingly, the Purple Sun gained advances in their armor, using the image of the lomogu to further create a scary image on the battlefield. Similarly, bronze burned purple was attached to their established armor to further draw attention to their supremacy on the battlefield. 
In what can be considered a shocking move by some, Rostheromi entered into an alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons, bringing to light the female warrior elite to the forefront of military politics in Rostheromi. This introduction was considered a fundamental fix to a flaw in the breeding program of the Purple Sun. 
Making sure only the greatest Purple Sun warriors would breed with the greatest Tither’rïan amazon warriors ensured better generations of future warriors. Several Purple Sun warriors were used to found the Sal’jels, which similarly brought in Tither’rïan amazons to further strengthen the bonds of their alliances. Fortuitously, these changes to strengthen the Warriors of the Purple Sun were done in advance of the Rygem’dor War. 
It is in the Rygem’dor War that the greatest victory was attributed to the Warriors of the Purple Sun when they, the Tither’rïan amazons, and a small group of Asiér’rïan warriors fought at Thermotylus against a Rygem’dor army one hundred times its size. After three days and two nights of fighting, the Warriors of the Purple Sun cemented a legendary status as near-invincible warriors. 
This only gained in potency after the destruction of Hessera when the standard training of the Purple Sun adopted the Sal’jels’ specialized training, absorbing the Sal’jels back into the Purple Sun name. In effect, the true Warriors of the Purple Sun faded away militarily to be replaced with the Sal’jels under a different name. 
How much else changed is still up for debate, but the alliance with the Tither’rïan amazons never dwindled. Regardless of its overall fate, the original Purple Sun continues to live on in the current military, adopting their training regimes and strict disciplinary styles, though these incarnations generally stop when it comes to the religious backbone of the Warriors of the Purple Sun. 


Please visit http://www.wotps.com for cast, creature and location biographies, details and designs

About the Author
David Barentine is an author working out of Southern California whose obsession with writing has spanned seventeen years. The simple story that once began has sprouted a myriad of books only now being published. A deep love of history, ancient cultures and fantasy has woven itself into his writing, attempting to inspire curiosity into his readers to learn more about the past and cultures which have shaped our world.

Connect with the Author
By email
mailto:drgonfire1@wotps.com
At Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1540034466&__adt=2
On Twitter
https://twitter.com/#!/DBarentine1
On Smashwords
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/dbarentine

Other Books by the Author
Charge of the Loxodonts
Warriors of the Purple Sun

