
Wavebound Sanctum
by Kris Schnee

Copyright © 2020
Kris M. Schnee
All rights reserved.

Cover art by Tithi Luadthong, https://www.shutterstock.com/g/Tithi+Luadthong
This story is the start of the "Wavebound" series, available on Amazon.
Ratings and reviews are important to independent authors.
Please consider rating this book so others can find it!

Contents

1. The Ancient Seal
2. Awakened Essence
3. Small Miracles
4. Underworld
Author's Note
About the Author / Other Works1.  The Ancient Seal

Ruyo was looking forward to reaching the city, selling everything in the cart that carried her slowly east, and seeing what other treasures she could bring along. This run had been modestly profitable so far. The dirt road ahead was open to her, the springtime sun shined, and she didn't much mind having no one to share it with. Seeing other people was what towns were for.
On a winding, hilly stretch of road with light oak forest to either side, her plodding horse slowed and looked around, ears flicking. Some of the trees had crashed and a tiny stream that crossed the path had changed course. The air smelled of sap and mud.
Ruyo hopped down from the cart with a flourish. She was dressed practically, in a long tunic from her family's home in Starshore, but with hems of vivid green to advertise the dye she was bringing from the west. She patted the mare and examined the water, then let her drink. "Must've been a big storm here."
Taking a break, she looked around upstream. Maybe there'd been a flood or a rockslide since she was last here. Vaguely she wondered about what that might do to trade. There could be gold revealed in the hills, or monsters for that matter.
She stopped walking. She'd just gone for several minutes into the upstream forest without knowing why, besides her daydreaming. And now she heard a low whistling noise as the wind played through her long brown hair. Not a wild beast; it was like a breeze blowing across a bottle. Another minute's hike revealed the mouth of a cave with mossy rubble around it.
Ruyo's eyes widened. A newly opened cave? She could delay her trip a bit to look around, for fun. She certainly wasn't fantasizing about it being some lost bandit treasure-hoard. She rummaged through various pockets, found a self-lighting candle, and flicked it with one fingernail to spark it. Though she was ready to bolt at the first sign of trouble, she crept ahead with an excited grin on her face.
The cavern had a narrow entrance and an uneven, mostly downward tunnel that widened to several paces across. Ruyo set foot on level ground, and paused. The walls were straight, the ceiling was smooth, and there were regular cracks in the floor. She crouched to look. Not cracks, mostly; this was a mosaic. Tiles of blue, green and white formed wave patterns. The tiles covered part of the walls ahead, too.
"What was this place?" she said.
Her candle went out.
Ruyo squeaked and hopped. Her hands trembled on the candle and flicked it to activate its tiny spell, but nothing happened. She could retrace her steps as soon as her eyes adjusted to the darkness.
She turned and held out one hand, hoping to shuffle back toward the exit. Already her vision was recovering to catch traces of light from outside. Except... there was a shadow in front of her.
She spun again and was face-to-face with a flickering blue-white light. Barely there, it hovered like an absence of flame, a bonfire made of water and making the air around it cooler. It spoke in a whispering, burbling voice of no known language, as though from the bottom of a well.
When Ruyo stood there stunned, fumbling for the knife on her belt, it spoke again and drifted an inch closer before darting back again.
Ruyo shivered. "You can talk? Is this a will-o-wisp? What do you want?" There were stories of the Lost World, always either vague or ridiculous, and none spoke of a ball of light that could talk.
The creature slowly approached, repeating a word that sounded like a question.
"I don't understand," Ruyo said, and tried holding out the candle. The ball hissed and drew back. "What, then?" She let go of her knife and offered her other hand as though to pet an animal.
The light slowly approached her hand and touched it, chilling her fingers. Then its distant voice spoke again, garbled at first but then forming clear words. "Can you understand me?"
"Yes. Whatever you are, I didn't mean to trespass. I'll just go in peace."
"Wait! I can't... there isn't much left. Please help." The orb had grown smaller and dimmer.
"What do you want?"
It hesitated before answering. "I need someone to restore my mistress' shrine. It shouldn't be broken like this."
"Who is your mistress?" asked Ruyo. The ball remained perched on her hand.
"The goddess of water! This was one of her homes. She used to bless the people, make things for them, heal them."
Ruyo knew nothing of the gods of the Lost World, but for those same wild tales everyone had heard. There were fragments of another culture in these lands that had greater magic, better tools, yet had somehow destroyed itself.
The ball said, "Please! What can I offer you for your help?"
"Stories," Ruyo said impulsively. "The real ones."
"I don't remember very much, but what I know I'll share."
"Then what do you need me to do?"
"There's a circle on the floor. Touch it, and say, I claim this place, with the blessing of Nusina. That's Nu-si-na."
"Was that the goddess' name?"
"It's mine. I can't speak much longer."
Ruyo had dealt with silver-tongued merchants before, trying to rush her into a deal or into someone's bed. This was different, though, like hearing someone dangling from a cliff. She'd never forgive herself for not trying to help.
"You'll have to show me where."
The creature drifted away from her hand and down to the floor nearby, lighting it enough to show the circle of swirl-patterned tiles. Ruyo followed, crouched so she could touch the dusty floor, and spoke. "I claim this place, with the blessing of Nusina!"
The dim light surged around her until it was unbearable, hot and cold at the same time. She felt like she'd been hurled into the sky to float weightlessly, in pale void, in sleep.
*   *   *
She woke up with vertigo, sprawled on dusty stone. She lay flat until the world stopped spinning.
The glowing creature drifted into view, laying on the floor with her. It was a little more stable now, squashed where it touched the tiles. Like an oversized droplet of water with the suggestion of glittering pearl eyes.
Its voice sounded closer now and more distinctly female, tinged with watery burbling. "Thank you, thank you! As I said, my name is Nusina. Right now I'm drawing on your own life energy, but don't worry; we'll fix that very soon."
"What did you do to me?"
"You forged a connection to this place, and that also means to me. Right away, that should give you the power to draw on what little mana is left here. Magic energy, I mean." Nusina paused. "What is your name?"
"Ruyo."
"Ruyo? Please get up. You're now a magic user, and there's work to do."
Magic! thought Ruyo, as she stood. "I've never had the talent for more than activating the most basic enchanted items."
Nusina sounded perturbed. "Yes, I noticed you brought a fire spell in here! No more of that, please."
Ruyo laughed at the creature. "What are you, anyway? Are you really the goddess yourself?"
"Me? No, no! I'm the guardian spirit of the shrine. I oversee its mana level and equipment. But as you can see, the place has decayed. And so have I. I'm not sure what woke me up."
"I think there was a storm outside, something that uncovered the entrance to this cave."
"That could be it, in connection with some sort of emergency signal from how drained the place is. So, miss Ruyo... let's begin. I hate to ask this, but do you have any water?"
She took a canteen from her belt and shook it.
"Open that and hold one hand above it. Make the water come to you."
She held her palm over the opening and mentally commanded the water. Nothing happened. Nusina had to coach her for several frustrating minutes, but then the contents of her canteen splashed upward onto her hand, around it, and back down again to form a wobbling glove around her skin. Ruyo held out her hand and stared.
"Good! Now the other hand."
Ruyo sort of pushed the water away from one palm to the other, then back, then cupped it into a ball that drifted unsteadily between her hands.
"Congratulations!" Nusina said. "Now, feel for a sort of energy of warmth in the water, and draw it out."
After several attempts, the water gave a sigh of mist, and what was left of it swelled into a block of ice. Ruyo startled and dropped it, and it shattered on the floor. "I've hardly ever seen ice."
"Well, now you can have as much as you want. If you're patient."
Really, that spell alone could make her substantially richer, in these sunny lands where even an icy drink generally meant hiring a mage. But that wasn't important right now. "Thank you, Nusina. But shouldn't I get my reward after I fix whatever needs to be done here? If it means repairing the mural, I'm going to need better light than just your glow."
"I needed you to be able to channel this place's magic. Down in the basement there should be an artifact to restart."
She drifted away through the air, toward the back of the cave. The wall parted to reveal a hidden downward stairway and a puff of humid air.
Ruyo walked cautiously forward. Her boots were loud on the tiles. "Deeper in, huh?" She ran one hand along the stone wall as she descended, relying on the spirit's light.
"What?" said Nusina, and paused. "Come look at this."
The two found themselves at the entrance to a dimly lit circular room. Then Ruyo realized most of the floor was missing. There was a ledge, overlooking a deep shaft with glowing water far below. It was all dull yellow metal, barely corroded despite countless years of disuse. "Whoa! What is this?" Ruyo said, backing away from the cliff.
"I don't remember! There should be a basement, and a crystal."
"More like a mineshaft. How am I supposed to get down there?" She tested her footing and walked onto the broad ledge. "I have some rope back at my cart... My cart! I've left it right next to the road, and my horse! I need to go back and deal with that."
The wall at the top of the stairs rumbled shut, leaving her trapped.
"Nusina, why?!"
"I didn't do that, I swear! Let me try..." She floated back upstairs. "It's not opening. This place is barely functional. Maybe if..." She pulsed with light.
After a few moments of frantic magic and Ruyo tugging at the stonework, Ruyo sighed. "Save your energy. It looks like this is a one-way trip."
"Only until you activate the shrine."
"Really? Are you as confident of that as you were about leading me into here? I wasn't going to abandon you."
"I trust you, Ruyo. You've come this far. But please trust me. I'm doing the best I can."
"Then how do I get down and back in one piece?"
"Ice is also great, and would suffice."
"What?"
"I don't know. A scrap of old poetry. I mean, you can freeze the water into stairs and ledges."
"The water which is down there." Reluctantly she peeked over the edge and shuddered. "It doesn't look deep enough to dive into, not that I'd want to."
"Let me see." Nusina flowed over the edge and fell to the bottom, reforming just above the water. With a faint slurping noise she pulled up several bucketfuls of water into her ghostly body, and flowed up the wall to rejoin Ruyo. "That's as much as I can hold at a time. Can you do anything with this?"
"You're counting on me being a quick learner." Ruyo held out her hands and pulled the water toward her like rope. It wobbled all over her arms, heavy yet not pulling her forward so long as she concentrated. "Do I have to be touching it the whole time?"
"No. By the way, there's a door at the bottom, so we're on the right track."
"What's behind it?"
"I can't open ordinary doors."
"You could carry around an octopus."
"I'm not going to comment on that one."
As though doing a card trick, Ruyo spread her hands and let the water float back and forth between them. She set it down at one side of her sturdy metal ledge, and willed it to freeze. The water crackled and became a clear ledge mottled with white. "Is that at all safe to stand on?"
"I strongly advise not sloping it like that. Let me fetch more water to make it thicker."
After a couple of tries, Ruyo had a platform that could survive being punched and gingerly stood on. It was still a narrow, slippery platform glued to the side of a curved wall above a drop.
"That's good, Ruyo. Now let's have you make a second one a little lower."
"We're going to be at this for a while, huh?"
"Hopefully."
*   *   *
Every faint creak of the ice beneath her feet scared her. She gradually circled around the room, until she reached a second metal ledge halfway down. She sank down on her rear on the cold surface and released her magic hold on the latest batch of water, a kind of invisible muscle tension she was only now aware of.
"Tell me about the old days. Who built this place? Why? Do you remember any of it?"
Nusina floated nearby. "I know only bits and pieces of the past, and I was never important. Just the keeper of an out-of-the-way shrine. Back then..."
She spun a tale about an age when there were vast dams and aqueducts, and something called "water parks". Everyone had plenty of food of all kinds. Chariots flew through the sky. The water goddess was just one of several, but naturally she was the best. She took sacrifices of art and wine, and offered blessings of healing and other magical feats in return.
"I haven't heard you say her name yet."
Nusina gasped. "I... I don't even remember her name! What a useless guardian I am if I can't keep even that memory!" It sounded like she was crying.
Ruyo reached out to touch the spirit, who felt more damp and clammy than usual. "Hey, droplet, calm down. You barely survived some kind of disaster. It's all right to not have all your thoughts in order. You'll remember later, I bet."
"Y-yes, milady. We should get moving again."
Ruyo cracked her knuckles and prepared to keep repeating that ice platform spell. Good practice. As for the goddess, Ruyo hadn't just been asking out of curiosity. She'd been begged to help revive some kind of mystic power, without knowing quite what it was. If the things Nusina was proud of were good ones, her mistress probably was all right. A predatory god probably wouldn't tolerate the little creature as a servant.
Near the bottom, Ruyo let out a sigh of relief. "That went better than I feared. Is it safe to get into the water? How deep is that?"
"Waist-deep. Go ahead."
Ruyo hopped down the last few feet into the pool at the shaft's bottom. The water was warm. She paused to relax a bit and look around. When she splashed at the water around her she felt she could amplify the move, making waves if she wanted.
"Any other surprises through that door?" she asked, pointing to a doorway blocked by a pane of frosted glass. Its handle was corroded bronze.
"Honestly? I expect yes at this point."
"Why would it be so dangerous? What happened to this place?"
"Wish I knew. But we'll get through this together."
Ruyo nodded, and opened the creaking door.
Beyond it, the floor reared up into the shape of a monstrous creature of slush, and screamed like a drowning man.
It flowed drunkenly outward from the round room ahead, which held some kind of broken sculpture that pulsed with light. Ruyo staggered backward and paddled for balance. Then, she used that same water-shaping power to try flinging up a wall of ice to block the creature's advance!
The water dutifully rose and flowed into a sheet of white-veined ice, but the monster smashed through it, sending shards right back at Ruyo.
Ruyo fell back and crashed into the pool with a loud slap. Nusina yelped and flung water at the monster's shapeless face as though that would help. Ruyo staggered upright. That hurt! Just then, the crystal in the next room pulsed with light, and the slush-thing roared as though pained by it. It shambled forward, away from the door and toward Ruyo. That gave her an idea. "Nusina, is that glowing rock dangerous to me?" It was a bright and polished crystal, but its upper half was sheared off and shattered, laying in the water.
"No. I'm sure."
"Good enough!" Ruyo fled, wading past the slow-moving creature. The rock flashed again, leaving spots in Ruyo's vision, and the beast cowered from it. "Aha, it's repelling the thing. Is there another way out? I can't see well."
Nusina said, "No, this must be the foundation room. You have to activate it."
"How?" Ruyo looked at the doorway she'd just come through. The door was in shards and the monster beyond it was hanging back, fearing the light. "Yeah, you'd better stay back, whatever you are! Nusina, what do I do with this thing?"
Nusina said, "You need to claim it. Touch the runes here, here, and... there should be at least one more. It should feel like casting a spell when you do it right."
In the intermittent pulses from the broken crystal, it was hard to see the carvings on the walls. Their shapes meant little to Ruyo; some forgotten language, mostly eroded. Ruyo thought there was some sort of puzzle to the arrangement, or at least the designs caught her attention. It was going to take some effort to find the runes and figure out how to tap into them with magic.
It was too bright and then dark again to figure out what to do! In frustration, Ruyo slapped runes on the walls and said, "Activate! Presto! Do your job!" Lo and behold, it seemed like she got the right combination. The room hummed with magical energy... and the malfunctioning crystal shut off entirely. The slush monster burbled as though pleased. After all, it now had Ruyo trapped.
She swore. "If I can get past this thing, can we even get out?"
"The place is active now. We should be able to open the cave wall -- look out!"
The monster shambled in after Ruyo, lunging with its icy body.
Ruyo tried to use the big crystal for cover, splashing around and hoping to find a way to escape right past the beast. She couldn't get it to leave her alone to escape the crystal room.
"If I can control water, can I control this?"
Nusina said, "Tougher for creatures, but maybe?"
Ruyo reached out magically and tried to force the slush-thing to become solid, freezing in place. It roared defiantly but its movements grew stiffer, literally frozen in a pose of rage. And blocking the exit.
Ruyo shivered. She was soaked and frightened. "I think that did it." She stepped backward, ran up, and kicked the statue as hard as she could. It cracked. A second kick snapped it in half, and what was left bobbed harmlessly at the surface.
"Whew. Now I just have to climb all the way back up before the rest of the place decides to kill me."
Making platforms of ice and trying to climb them was tough work, especially on the way up and while battered. Ruyo was only three ledges up when she ran into real trouble. She toppled from a flimsy platform and crashed into the water.
Shaking herself, Ruyo said, "There's got to be a better way."
Nusina hovered around her, humming. "Since you're right next to the water here, you should be able to control more of it than if I have to fetch it by the bucketful."
"Sounds like a good idea."
Ruyo set to work practicing ice-making on a larger scale, raising a solid pillar to stand on. As it grew higher she lay flat on it, hanging on for dear life.
"Um, milady... You're going to have to learn to trust the element of water."
Ruyo's nails dug into the tower of ice. "I'm pretty sure falling from this far up will hurt!"
"If you get powerful enough you can just tell the water to grab you safely."
"I doubt I can do that yet. Let's try making bigger ramps or bridges than the little platforms this time."
With patient effort, Ruyo made it up a series of improvised stairs, bridges, and ramps. She crawled onto the starting ledge and lay there dripping. "Door, please!"
Nusina hummed and struck the stairwell's exit with a flicker of magic. "Now that it's activated I should be able... aha!" It rumbled back open at last, and Ruyo left the underground chamber.
*   *   *
Up in the surface-level cave, the forgotten shrine had changed. A watery blue haze now came from the circle of stone on the floor, casting its light along the walls. Nusina danced in the air, saying, "It's working!" She flitted around inspecting things and said, "Well enough for now, anyway. How are you?"
"Well, I'm bruised, tired, hungry, and oddly enough I'm thirsty. This is a lot to take in."
"I can purify water for you. You can learn the trick too. You should've said something earlier."
"Before or after the slush monster?"
"Ah... sorry. I'll go fetch some water from the other room."
"I need to check on my cart anyway. I'll be right back."
"Are you sure you have to go?"
"I'll come right back, honest!"
"Sorry."
Ruyo made her way carefully back out of the cave. When she saw daylight again she leaned against the rough walls and took a few deep breaths. She'd made it back to safety. It looked like late afternoon.
She headed downhill through the woods to go check on her horse and cart. But the mare had slipped free of her harness and vanished, leaving the cart wedged against a tree on the downhill side of the trail.
Ruyo whistled and called out. But it was a man who answered: "Who's there?"
He stepped out from the woods, wearing a bow and quiver and a dark green outfit. When Ruyo startled, he held up one hand and said, "Peace. I'm a ranger. Are you the owner of this cart?"
Ruyo's mind felt dislodged after all she'd just seen and done. "Y-yes, I am. My horse ran off while I was away."
He pointed to the snapped harness. "Something spooked it, looks like. And I'm not surprised. Did you feel the earthquake?"
"What?"
"Guess not. The ground shook and there was something strange in the air, like a rainstorm about to happen and a fog that lifted as suddenly as it began." He peered skeptically at her. "Where were you, if not by the cart?"
Ruyo started to glance back over one shoulder but stopped herself. She didn't need a meddling official quizzing her right now, not when she barely understood what had happened. "It's not your business, all right? I just lost a horse and got banged around and soaked and I don't need to play twenty-questions right now when I just need time to rest and think!"
The guard snorted, unimpressed. "Is there something the authorities ought to know about?"
"No," Ruyo snapped.
"All right then," he said, and backed away. He whistled for a horse of his own that was waiting nearby, better trained than hers. He rode off westward with only another glance at her.
Ruyo rummaged through her wagon and took out a bit of bread to chew on. The ranger or whatever he was hadn't obviously stolen anything. She had a load of lacquer, finely made toys, powdered dyes, and bits of amber, all westlands products of moderate value. She filled a backpack with a few bottles of the most expensive stuff, covered the rest as well as she could, and headed back uphill to the cave. There she sat on the chilly floor and ate. Her canteen was standing upright and full.
Nusina left Ruyo alone for a minute. Then she said, "Ruyo? If you had a lot more magic, what would you do with it?"
Ruyo had taken the edge off her thirst now that she had trustworthy water to drink. She began playing with a stream of it poured from her canteen. The droplets drifted in midair until she suddenly lost her magical grip. She said, "Watery powers? There's a lot I could do with those. Build more aqueducts, drain the swamps, maybe help supply a desert town. If I can make more ice anywhere, people would appreciate that in the heat."
"That's good, but I meant magic power in general. What if you could go beyond just flinging around the best element? You could train people, get them to cooperate, and find some other kinds of magic to go with this one. What would you hope to do then?"
Ruyo ate and drank, thinking. "I'd plan for bigger things. I might build a city of my own and attract people to it with good farmland. If I could learn healing magic I'd..."
"What?"
"I want to say I'd go around healing the sick, but wouldn't that take up all of my time? I know of healers whose work has taken over their lives. They feel like any hour they're not working, they're failing to save someone."
The spirit floated quietly, then said, "You could delegate. With more power, you could share your magic with others and get a lot more done. Still, are you willing to put in a lot of effort? Your life's going to be different now, almost no matter what."
Ruyo said, "I don't much mind that. I work pretty hard as a merchant, even if it's not the kind of backbreaking labor a farmer does. I just wouldn't want to feel horrible all the time because what I do is never enough."
Nusina said, "Taking care of yourself is part of any job, so that you can keep going. So you shouldn't feel bad about taking a break, especially if you can set things up to start running themselves."
Ruyo nodded, but paused in mid-bite. "What job are we talking about, though? You asked me to get this shrine running again, and the magic zapped me. But isn't that done?"
Nusina said, "Do you want to rest here? You seemed pretty upset."
"I do. Not mad at you, though. Just cranky I suppose."
"Um... that could be partly my fault. My power is a bit of a drain on yours right now, although the shrine equipment has made it less taxing. There might still be a way to undo the powers, if they really bother you, now that the place is active again. Sleep on it, maybe?"
Ruyo looked around the cave skeptically. "I have a few blankets in the wagon. I don't know if you sleep; do you think you could wake me if that guy comes back?"
"I'm afraid I have almost no energy right now, milady. I'll have to sleep when you do. Wait, what guy?"
Ruyo frowned. "Called himself one of the rangers who watch the roads. I've seen his kind occasionally and they're a mixed bag." She looked again at the glowing circle. "And this looks dimmer. Is that bad?"
"No; there was sort of an initial flare when you activated the equipment."
"He said there was a little earthquake and some weird fog for a minute."
"My guess is that there's a slow power leak. Not good, but the fact that I'm still here tells me it's not critical."
"For a place that's at least five centuries old I'm amazed it works at all."
"It's been that long?"
Ruyo said, "Been about that long since man first got flung into this world from another one, according to the historians. Except we then found out there was a Lost World of some civilization that was here before us. So you and your goddess are part of a giant ancient mystery that treasure hunters go searching for."
Nusina rippled thoughtfully. "Everything we built is just ruins and myths?"
"Sorry to say, but yes. People find bits and pieces and they speculate, but I haven't heard of anyone finding an ancient spirit to talk with."
The spirit went quiet. Ruyo excused herself and slipped out. At the wagon she fetched a blanket and another pack-load of valuables. She set up a crude alarm at the cave mouth by scattering some coins in places where they'd get knocked noisily around by an intruder. Then she yawned and settled down as well as she could.
"It's all gone," Nusina said.
"Doesn't have to stay that way. You've got your place up and running and maybe your goddess can start waking up and rebuilding."
"Yeah, I hope so."
While falling asleep, Ruyo said, "Nusina? Did you get lonely, being trapped in this cave?"
"It was pretty bad at first, but then I faded almost to nothing. Which was terrible too, because it probably meant my mistress and her followers were gone -- and I couldn't even be sure. At least I didn't have to live through however many years it's been, before someone came back here and woke me."
"How does that work, anyway? There are no believers in the goddess, so the candle goes out completely?"
Nusina sounded puzzled. "Oh. I was never one for fire metaphors. I think so, except that you brought me back by seeing the old inscriptions here, and thinking about them. That was just one drop of power. And it seems like enough was dormant here to give you a taste of magic." Nusina drifted close and did a sort of bow. "Thank you for your help and your company, whatever happens next."
"Good night, Nusina."
Ruyo was spiritually drained but felt better about her uncertain situation.
Nusina said one other thing before Ruyo fell asleep. "If you see that man again, try to be extra nice to him, all right?"
"Yeah, fine," Ruyo mumbled.
*   *   *
Ruyo twitched at a sound in her dreams. She was imagining... Guiding a school of fish through empty water, unable to remember why. The fish suddenly turned as something clinked and rattled in the distance, but Ruyo was too exhausted to pay it much heed.
The sea grew brighter and she grumbled and turned over on the uncomfortable bed of rocks and blankets. So she was caught off guard when the intruder coughed for attention, several times.
Ruyo sat up, uncoordinated and sore, and yelped at the sight of a shadowy figure with a lantern.
But he was sitting cross-legged on the floor, palms up in front of him. He said, "Peace, woman. It's me again. I just want to know what's going on here. And I brought food if you want it."
Ruyo's stomach rumbled. "Anything besides bread?"
He smiled, and slowly pushed a wrapped piece of cheese toward her. "Want to tell me anything?"
Ruyo stood up and approached with caution. The man made no sudden moves and let her take the food. "I'm sorry I yelled at you," she said. "I had a really strange day. How did you find me?"
"Several sets of your damp boot-prints," said the ranger.
"Right; of course. If you just want the story, then... huh. The floor stopped glowing. And where's Nusina?"
Ruyo called out for the spirit but nothing happened. "She said she barely had any power. She might be in trouble!"
"Who?" asked the man.
"A water spirit. And she said... You, whoever you are. There are some old carvings here in this shrine. Can you look at them, maybe try to wake up the guardian?"
"This place is a shrine? I could look around but I'd have to stand up for a good view."
"Yes, do it," Ruyo said, worried now for the spirit. She coaxed the man up and showed him the faded carvings and mosaic fragments showing wave and fish designs. She tried to relay some of what Nusina had told her about the goddess.
The man listened. "How did you learn all this from this ruined old place?"
The spirit rippled into existence beside Ruyo. "Hello, milady. Did you... oh!"
Relieved, Ruyo said, "She told me," and pointed.
"Where?"
"Right here! Nusina, say hello."
"Sorry, milady, but I don't think I can manifest."
"You mani-whatevered for me!"
"That was just about all I could do. And you got exhausted; that wasn't all from your own work. It was from powering me, too. I'm awake now; did you befriend this man yet?"
"I'm trying to, but..." Ruyo turned toward him. "You probably think I'm crazy now."
"A little. But something strange happened today and I'm trying to find out what."
"Magic! Let me show you. Have you got a canteen?"
"I left it outside."
"Go get it. Mine's empty."
He backed away and left the cave, stumbling on a pebble.
When he was away, Ruyo said, "There's got to be a spell to create water."
"Yes; it should be easy for you. Sorry that I can't easily show myself to him."
"Should we show him the hidden area below?"
"I wouldn't. Who knows what he'd do with it?"
"Hey, wait a minute. If it's some sort of power source, then why aren't you, you know, powerful yet?"
Nusina sounded hesitant. "It's a sort of prayer collector, and in bad shape. So there's hope for using the thing. But what power it has is only the last drops that were in it. I wish I knew the full theory."
"Would it help if I offered a prayer to your goddess instead of just looking at the mosaics or mooching off what's left of her magic? I don't want to drain you any worse."
"Um... I don't think your prayers would help at this point. But if you could get him to pray, it'd be a start."
Ruyo wondered, A start toward what? But their guest had returned, shaking a canteen. "You were going to show me a trick?"
"Yes, here. Open it." He did, and Ruyo used her powers.
She put on a show, finding she enjoyed using her new magic when she wasn't in immediate danger. She made water swirl up from the canteen, freeze and crash in glittering shards to the floor, then wobble up and melt again. Impressed, the ranger reached out to poke one floating drop and then drank it as though eating a berry.
Ruyo took a bow. "It's all thanks to the power of the goddess that was here once. I didn't have any talent for it before."
"Neither do I. Do you think I could learn that trick too?"
Ruyo glanced toward Nusina, who bobbed enthusiastically if invisibly. Ruyo said, "I think so, but we're low on energy. Magic power, I mean. Nusina tells me that if someone offers a prayer to the goddess, that will strike some sparks. Or... fill the well, I guess." Nusina seemed to approve of the shift in metaphor.
He looked uneasy at being asked to pray to an unfamiliar god, but nodded. "If half of what you tell me is true, then she was a good god. And it sounds like there's something in it for me, too. But what should I say? In fact, what was her name?"
Ruyo shrugged. "She doesn't remember. The shrine's in terrible shape, and that probably ruined everything. But at least we know who she was, and something of her is still left. Hey, what's your name?"
The man said, "Baris. I'm not much for words but I can try." He approached a wall of the cave where the most intact designs were; in fact it was where Ruyo had been looking when Nusina first appeared. He knelt, bowed his head, and spoke. "Ancient goddess, if you really did exist and give gifts of magic and wonder, thank you for doing that."
Ruyo hurried to join him. She owed her patron more than this man did, even if the mystical account-books wouldn't benefit from her attention for whatever reason. She bowed her head and kept respectful silence while Baris spoke.
He went on: "If you're still out there somewhere, may you go on helping people and being the useful kind of god. The world could use that kind of thing. And I'm sure the past people who died way back when would've liked to thank you for everything you tried to do, but some of them didn't get the chance. So, thanks on their behalf. Um... I don't know enough to say more, but good luck, wherever you are."
Ruyo nodded and said, "Yeah. Thank you." She got dizzy, feeling a surge of warmth.
Baris put a hand on her shoulder. "Whoa, there! You look about to tip over."
Though uneasy about being handled by a stranger, she didn't shake him off. "I'm all right, thanks. I'm not used to any of this."
They stood. Baris said, "What happens now? If you'd been a common bandit I would've known what to do. I wasn't expecting any magical disasters or, or whatever this is."
"You said there was shaking and mist outside?" asked Ruyo.
"Yes. Not many travelers through these parts, so I don't know if anyone else saw. I have a job to get back to, but what about that magic lesson?"
Ruyo asked Nusina, "How are you on energy now? Can you give him spells too?"
"That would be something you'd have to do, once you're strong enough. But you will be! I could manage to appear to him for a moment though, if you'd like."
"Yes, please."
Nusina seemed to grow more real, and with a splashing sound she pushed farther into reality at Ruyo's side. "Hi! I'm Nusina! I can't manifest for long yet but it's nice to meet you. If you come back and offer another prayer soon it would really help. Goodbye for now!" She faded out again. Ruyo could tell the difference now between her ghostly form and the more solid (or at least liquid) one.
Baris stepped backward, but stopped himself. "So the cave-woman isn't just talking to herself."
"No she is not," Ruyo said, hands on her hips.
"It sounds like I should come back later. You don't live here, do you?"
"Like I said, that's my wagon out there. I'm a trader, or at least I was. I was just on my way east to Averell when I noticed signs of a recent big storm, and wandered off the trail out of curiosity. I figure the cave just got uncovered or you'd already know about it."
"Likely. Lucky find, ma'am. I'm worried now, that someone more reckless will find it too and try chiseling bits out to sell or something."
The spirit said, "I hope not!"
Ruyo echoed her. "I hope not! It's home to someone who knows more than anyone else about the Lost World."
"Well, I'll try to make sure nobody wrecks it. This place is a treasure. It probably ought to be studied by professionals. But... you should have first crack at it, since you found it."
Ruyo said, "Thank you, Baris. I'll teach you some magic as soon as I can. How do I find you again?"
He said, "I operate out of a cabin just off the road. You passed it an hour or two back if you came from the westlands. You're welcome to visit. But I'm going to be busy soon; I'm getting married."
"Oh! Congratulations." With some humor she added, "May the water goddess bless your happy union."
He chuckled. "The two of us can use all the blessings we can get. Her folks don't approve."
"Old, old problem, I bet."
He eyed the murals again. "I hope you manage to pick up more of that magic, ma'am. Would you like me to send word about your find, or keep it to yourself for now?"
Ruyo glanced at Nusina and said, "We should probably not tell many people until we're better set up."
The spirit nodded in agreement. "You should show off for any friends you trust, though."
Ruyo told Baris, "Keep it quiet for now, please."
"All right."
"Thanks again, Baris."
He saluted and left. Ruyo sighed, then turned back to Nusina. "That could've gone a lot worse."
"He even prayed!"
Ruyo had more practical concerns. "Without my horse I can't get my cargo to market. Would it be all right if I moved the rest of my things in here for now? I can drag the empty cart somewhere and hide it."
"Of course, milady! The cave's yours to use as you wish. The hidden area might be useful for storage too. But how are you going to hide when we need people to pray?"
"I'm worried about you. Aren't you in danger if someone defaces the cave?"
"Right now, yes. So... you're right I suppose. Best to only let people in if you trust them. And the device below will only collect power from people who pray here in person, in its broken state."
Ruyo got to work unloading and hiding the cart, hauling things into the cave. It was tough work and her powers didn't help. After some sweaty effort she said, "I need a bath. Is it about time to learn that water creation spell?"
"I'm sorry, but I think we're still too weak. You could try to fling the sweat right off you. Or I could fetch some water from below; your canteen's empty anyway."
"Please."
Ruyo stripped and used magic to wash, which was a very new experience. "That was... refreshing," she said, using her hands to repel the water until she was dry. "Something's been bothering me, Nusina. What makes me special, here? Was I just the first person to come along and find this cave?"
The spirit took a while to answer. "Mostly, milady. I had just enough power to sense someone was in the shrine, and appear, and then start the flow of what was left. If you hadn't agreed, I would've had to hope you could talk someone else into coming here soon."
"If you were that desperate, wouldn't you have just jumped me and forced me to accept?"
"No! No, why would you have such a terrible idea?"
"Sorry. It just seems like something a god would do. Not the kind I'd want to pray to."
Nusina said, "Then what kind would you worship?"
"A nice one, that doesn't demand too much and puts all that divine power into making people fed and safe and happy. It sounds like this magic you've got works almost like money, so I'm judging a god like a king: is he spending the gold on palaces and feasts for his friends, or on roads and markets and festivals?"
Nusina said, "That's pretty mercantile of you."
Ruyo shrugged. "It beats the kind of king who spends gold and his people's blood on pointless fighting. If the relationship isn't an honest one, where 'I do this for you, you do this for me', then what is it? I don't mean a god necessarily needs a ledger and a price list. But if somebody doesn't want to be a 'customer' at all, that's a good reason to leave him alone."
The spirit swam around Ruyo, inspecting her. "What if the god says she's doing too much and wants people to keep praying while she goes on vacation?"
Ruyo found herself on the other side of an earlier argument. "Well, a god ought to earn his keep. Can't rightly expect to be hailed for nothing. I guess the god and the believers need to work out what's fair, and not expect too much from each other. How did it all work back in the old days, with your boss?"
The spirit ignored the question. "So ultimately, should being a god mean that mortals are here to serve you, or vice versa?"
"Ha. I'd worry about any god that thought he was owed a prayer. That's as bad as a conqueror or that time I grabbed a customer by the collar and said 'you idiot, buy from me!'." Ruyo scratched one ear and glanced aside. "Not a proud moment in my trading career. But like I said about having magic, it's wrong to expect somebody with power to take on crushing responsibility just because he's got it. I'd trust a god the most if he occasionally told me to back off."
"Does that mean your answer about who owes who is 'neither'?"
"I think so. Maybe there's a god so inhuman that it doesn't need anything and it's just toying with us mortals for fun. Otherwise, there ought to be some give and take."
Nusina said, "I don't remember the old goddess as well as I'd like, but I think she would've approved."
"Thank you, I think."
"There's much more you can learn. Eventually you can even change your shape if you like."
A sneaking suspicion had come over Ruyo, and that last point touched it off like a drop of water overflowing a cup. "Nusina? I need you to be honest with me. Now that the shrine is partly running again, what do you want from me? You said my prayers won't help. And you haven't talked outright about bringing your goddess back. And you're concerned about increasing my powers. Are you trying to make me high priest of a religion with an absent god?"
Nusina coalesced into a ball of water that hovered in front of Ruyo, tightly coiled. "No, milady. I was hoping to ease you into the truth."
"Which is?"
"There's a new goddess. You."

2. Awakened Essence

Ruyo sat there stunned, but her thoughts raced. The spirit had been hinting, and she'd missed it. How was she supposed to know that was even possible? What did it mean?
"Milady? I didn't mean to deceive you. I'm sorry. But this is a good thing!"
There were upsides. "But I'm not qualified to be... that! I don't know anything. You want people to start praying to me? In fact, you tricked that man Baris into praying to me, didn't you?" The idea made her queasy. "I'm not some all-knowing, virtuous hero!"
Nusina said, "Does your era have perfect gods already?"
"Some of the people believe in one."
"That's not what I asked, Ruyo. Is there anyone working miracles using the power of people's belief, who's morally perfect?"
Ruyo shook her head. "Not that I know. I've prayed at what shrines we have, but never got a response. Much less a history of this world's past."
"Then why not you? You know you can do useful things for believers, even if it starts out as nothing but a magic show. And there's so much more you could accomplish."
"To do what? Take over the world?"
"No, just what you said a god ought to do! I wasn't speaking hypothetically. And those things your precursor did, you could do too."
"By starting a cult."
"Whether the 'cult' is a bad thing depends on whether you make it one. What's the alternative? Assuming we could transfer your role to someone else, which might not even work at this point, who's going to do the job? Someone who doesn't have any doubts about being able to do it right? Or, do you want to walk away and let divine power go to waste? You're potentially immortal!"
Ruyo winced. "That wasn't fair to bring up."
"Why not?" the spirit said.
"It's a huge thing to throw onto the balance scales, to get me to help."
Nusina hissed like water thrown into a hot pan. "Don't you see? You're not purely thinking of this job in terms of personal gain. You're worried you might not do it well. You don't take prayers for granted, and you're thinking about how to be fair and useful. That makes you better qualified than most!"
Everything Nusina was saying seemed reasonable. Ruyo paced. "If I do this, am I supposed to go around telling people to pray at me? You said we'd have to bring them here, and I haven't got much to offer yet. I'd have to tell Baris to pray to me." She blushed and spread one hand across her face. It was worse to think of having a specific person fawn over her than just 'people' in the abstract.
Nusina said, "Offerings work too. Anything given to you symbolically to help you, if it resonates with who you are. I don't think blood and skulls will do much for you."
"I would hope not." Ruyo tapped her chin. "Baris' wedding would be a good excuse to ask for help. I don't think a blessing from me would really do anything yet though."
"You'd be surprised. Mortals' belief is about more than the actual magic that comes from it. If you tell people a goddess has blessed or cursed them, that really does something even if it's just words." The spirit's color lightened. "I remember priests without magic doing that for followers. It really made their day."
"So... I could really start blessing people with nothing but a few magic tricks that don't bring good fortune?"
"Yes, and it would help them for real -- and lead you to the point where it starts meaning more." Nusina loomed close. "Will you try it? Will you give yourself a chance at being a hero everyone looks up to?"
"You tricked me, Nusina. You said you wouldn't force your power on someone, but you didn't tell me the truth."
"I said I needed someone to restore the shrine and claim it. Who is the rightful owner of a goddess' shrine?"
Ruyo glared at the spirit. "That's still not honest, and you know it."
The water-ball's glittering eyes dimmed and drifted downward. "I know. All I can say is, I was desperate and scared when I woke up, and you were there, and I had a chance to survive and be useful again. I'm sorry I didn't try to convince you more honestly. But what would you have done, if I'd said what I really wanted?"
Ruyo looked at the old mosaics again, just a fragment of former glory. "I don't know if I would've accepted, even if you promised me the world." This job potentially was an amazing gift for her, and for everyone else if she worked at it. That was the key. If she became adored and rich and mighty, it'd be because she did a decent job. "But now that I know, I'll try."
The spirit swirled around her, dancing in the air. "Thank you, milady! I'll do everything I can to help."
Ruyo smiled at the creature's enthusiasm. "What are you, really?"
"I told the truth about that. I think I was a minor shrine guardian, and this was a small outlying collector. Something that survived whatever befell the rest of the world."
"Did the damage make you lose your memories?" Ruyo asked.
"Partly. I think some of it was because I attuned to your language when we first met. I can speak and read your language now but not my old one."
"Is there anything else you've been keeping from me?"
"One other thing, milady, and then I'm done with the secrets. As a new goddess, you must have at least one shrine if at all possible. Without one you're extremely vulnerable and might even die, along with me."
Ruyo shuddered. "Am I chained to this cave, then?"
"No, you can leave. But if some clueless adventurer does enough damage, maybe without even finding the hidden area, then this place stops counting as a shrine."
"So in a way I'm more vulnerable than I was as a mere mortal!"
"Only temporarily!" Nusina said, sounding defensive.
Ruyo tried to be calm about the new threat, and get a solid assessment of it. "Could someone else seize the place?"
"To threaten to destroy it? Yes. To take over your power? No, unless you died first." Nusina went dim and quiet for a moment. "And now that I've met you, I'd rather let this place run down forever than help a killer claim it from you."
"Thank you. Let's try to avoid that situation."
"Do you have a plan, milady?"
"I want to go into town to sell what I can, maybe get another horse... Damn, I should've asked Baris to track mine down. Anyway, can you guard this place while I'm away?"
"Not very effectively yet, I'm afraid. I won't be able to manifest. I could manage to levitate some water and make spooky noises."
"We'll have to risk it. I need food and to try explaining our situation to some of my friends, if we're going to get anywhere. I probably can't even do much magic until we get more energy, right?"
Nusina said, "As a god you have a certain amount of mana absorbed from the world --"
"And by 'certain' you mean tiny, right?"
"For now! It should be enough to keep me alive and do a basic spell once in a while without draining our reserves. You're like a beginner wizard who can store a little power in her body."
"You said there was a power leak in the shrine?"
"I wouldn't worry about that yet. Think of it as a crack near the top of a glass; it won't spill much while the glass is almost empty. And we can't exactly call a licensed theotechnician to fix it the easy way."
Ruyo considered. "All right. I'll set out to try to bring friends here. I'll bless the next person to get me a soft bed and a good meal, too."
*   *   *
It was afternoon now, and Ruyo had to travel by foot. Averell was only a little closer than the town of Brotherhood back west -- her previous major stop. But she got the sense she wouldn't be very welcome in Brotherhood, especially to preach. Those folk didn't like magic in general.
And so she set out, with limited food and water, to walk to the city. There was a substantial village along the way, but with a chance of danger too. She carried a pack with a fraction of her trade goods and what silver and copper she had.
At sunset, when Ruyo had been about to give up and make camp, she spotted the chimney smoke of a village called Sor's Hill. She hadn't much considered trying to recruit people here, partly because she had once ticked off a prominent local farmer with an ill-considered insult. These were among the few people stubborn enough to have carved homesteads out of the forest that lined the east-west trade road.
Ruyo made it to an inn called the Stag and Nanny. With much gratitude ("Bless you, seriously!") she paid for the one private bed and a filling meal of hot pea soup, bread, grilled squash, and ale. She rested her weary legs and chatted with a hunter she knew, Henrik. The spindly, sunburned man was drinking the weakest beer in the room and nursing a broken leg. He'd done something stupid, he confessed, chasing a boar in the rain over slippery rocks. "I'm lucky I made it home."
"Be more careful! I want to keep doing business with you. Have you got any hides to sell?"
Poor Henrik shook his head, then leaned as close as he could with his splinted leg up on a chair. "Not this week. Truth to tell, I'm glad for an excuse not to be out hunting. There's word of a monster prowling around. Something got two of the sheep, with nasty sharp pointy teeth."
The innkeeper had picked that moment to walk by with a drink. "Nonsense," he said. "Don't scare her; it's just a wolf."
Ruyo said, "I met a ranger named Baris on my way here. Have you talked to him yet?"
Henrik explained. "You know Naveen, right?"
That was the richest farmer in town, and the same one Ruyo had managed to insult for bargaining too hard on some tools months ago. Ruyo said, "We've met."
"Well, he's planning to hunt the beast down, whatever it is. It was his sheep that got attacked, and some high-and-mighty monk from Brotherhood has boasted that he'll kill the thing first. I'm not in the running and I don't mind."
Ruyo said, "I'm no hunter, so I doubt I can help. But I'm headed for Averell and I could try to bring someone qualified back. When is the hunt?"
The innkeeper was still nearby; it was almost closing time for the pub. "He wants to go in two days. Say, why did you show up on foot?"
"My horse ran off. I'm looking for another, or even to borrow one."
Ruyo realized she should probably not tell anyone there was an abandoned cart behind her, let alone anything near it. She glanced around the inn but saw only one man, apparently passed out. "Hmm."
Henrik said, "If the price is right you can borrow mine for a week or two. Only fit for light duty though."
Ruyo negotiated and shook hands. "I haven't decided for sure whether to visit the city first or meet up with Baris, now that I have that settled." It wasn't quite a lie, since she had more options now, and it was good to discourage that guy in the corner if he wasn't really asleep.
Ruyo slept soundly.
*   *   *
Ruyo couldn't contribute much to a hunting party, having no ordinary skill for it and not enough magic to be confident about helping. So she slept in, then headed onward to the east as planned. She now had Henrik's beautiful dapple-grey mare to ride.
The beast was agreeable, though she seemed to regard Ruyo strangely before letting her up. There were tales of wizards spooking animals.
They made good time. They passed the little farmsteads, mills and tanneries that ringed the city, and a stone obelisk that was a watchtower of the Steadfast Church, with a single guard in sight. By afternoon Ruyo reached the city.
Thousands of people lived here, with a sturdy stone wall raised by the same patient effort and magic as the watchtowers that ringed it. Ruyo first reached the Glasstown district that had spilled beyond the walls. In the shadow of tall kilns, she found an inn where she could stable her horse and get a good turnip salad. And listen for business gossip, a habit that often paid off.
"I heard a guy singing to slaves," one man said. "Eerie chant kinda song."
A besotted man slapped down his mug. "It's probably some damn foreign fad. Some way to mess with our heads while their troops steal whatever they're really after."
Ruyo said, "Foreign troops, here in Averell?"
"Yeah, it's the Khyberians. Our 'allies' you know. They marched a bunch of men into dear Averell for 'training' and there's nothing we can do about it. Bunch of drunks and troublemakers."
Ruyo's first thought was Ship Khyberian wine to Averell! She had no great concern for trouble between the two cities, as her own homeland was either the road or distant Starshore. But that fair coastal land was a true friend of Averell, and Khyber was just an ally of convenience. So she had at least three opinions to offer: as a merchant, as an admirer of Averell, and now as a goddess.
Ruyo said, "So you think they're here to steal something?"
The more sober guy beside Ruyo said, "They keep sneaking out of their barracks in the Flask district at night. And I hear they ain't leaving until the Church gives them something. Nobody's saying what."
"Strange."
"So what about you, lady? New in town?"
Ruyo said, "I'm here to trade. I'm bound for Starshore before too long, and I bet they won't be happy to hear about Khyber harassing this place."
The man grunted in approval. "Watch yourself out there. If you need a guide...?"
Ruyo smiled but tried to discourage him. "I'll let you know. Nice of you to offer." She finished her drink and went to bed.
*   *   *
Two of her contacts were in the Flask district, known for a fancy fountain and bath complex as well as a barracks currently occupied by dozens of outsiders. The air stank here within the city walls, and Ruyo's nose wrinkled. More people ought to use those baths. She looked at an open square in front of the squat stone dormitories, to watch the dark-eyed foreign soldiers practicing there.
Some of them seemed inordinately interested in the fountain nearby. It had been built very early in the city's history and redecorated as the place's fortunes grew, so that it now had three distinct shades of stonework forming crystalline shapes as well as a giant ever-pouring flask. Ruyo felt drawn to the water, reaching toward it. A little of it reached toward her outstretched hand without her meaning to call it.
Someone grabbed Ruyo's legs and heaved her into the fountain. She yelped and splashed. Behind her, men laughed.
Ruyo clenched her fists and shoved forward at the water. Her hands glowed and amplified her angry splashing.
A gout of water sprang up like a living thing. The soldier who'd tossed her now ducked, and the wave splashed over his head. "What? A mage?" He reached for his belt but had no weapon there.
Ruyo held out her hands and made them glow on purpose this time. Only a trickle of water gathered itself between her fingers, but it swirled like a caged hornet. "I've taken up a new hobby, yes. Want to see?"
The soldier backed off, though several of his fellows were watching, laughing at one or both of them. Ruyo waded out of the fountain and walked away, feeling her cheeks burning. She released the barely-charged bluff of a spell only once she was away. She would have to learn some better self-defense than the hidden dagger she carried. It seemed like she had less raw power out here than back in the shrine.
She left the soldiers behind and worriedly checked her backpack. Long ago she'd invested in a good waterproof one for weather.
She cursed. Though most of her goods would be fine, several messages she'd been paid to deliver had gotten soaked despite being in a sealed tube. The cap had come off. She stamped the ground in frustration at letting people down; if she couldn't even handle mail what good were prayers?
Although... if anyone around here could handle water damage, it was a mage, or possibly herself. She changed paths and hurried toward the workshop of Quintus, a mage. He'd been on her list of people to visit anyway.
He lived in a crowded street of masons and furniture-makers, where the stone houses had plain cramped fronts but everyone had a colorful sign or awning. Quintus displayed a yellow board with a wand and surveyor's tools.
Fortunately he was there, and answered the locked door after only two knocks -- a new record. The long-haired, long-robed architect looked like Ruyo had woken him up, though it was nearly noon. "Oh, Ruyo! You look different today."
"I have something for you, but I've also got some waterlogged papers. Can you help, quickly?"
"Come in, come in."
The workshop was Quintus' home as well, shared only by a slave-girl named Tulia who cooked and cleaned for him. Ruyo greeted her warmly and slipped her a few copper coins, then took out the papers.
"You shouldn't have gotten them wet," Quintus observed.
"I know. Listen. I got access to magic recently, and --"
"I thought you looked odd! What happened? Tell me everything."
Ruyo smiled patiently. "I'd love to, but it would let people down if I ruined their letters. Can you fix them? I have some power to control water, but not with much skill yet."
Quintus peered at her, then at the papers and back again. "It's not my specialty, but let's see what I can do." He asked Ruyo to demonstrate her power, started asking too many questions, and had to be coaxed to focus on the task at hand. He offered Ruyo advice on using more fine control, and worked with her to try drying the paper without completely ruining the ink.
Between Quintus' aid and coaching and tools, and a suggestion from Tulia to light a candle very carefully under the paper, they got the messages dry without much damage. Ruyo was relieved, and hugged both of her helpers. Quintus looked alarmed by the attention but remembered to be polite about it. "You're welcome."
Now that the danger was past, Ruyo and the others paid attention to the messages they'd saved. One sheet of paper was addressed to a nobleman, and written in gibberish. "What's this?" said Quintus. "A cipher. Does this writer think that's secure? It's obviously just shifted six places in the alphabet. 'mana... stockpile'. hmm."
Quintus' girl said, "Sir, perhaps we shouldn't be reading others' mail?"
Ruyo had frozen. "I'm curious about this one. The seal on it is already broken. What does it say?"
The mage hemmed and hawed, running one finger along the poorly encrypted words. "Located hints of a mana stockpile of some kind, in or near Averell. Quite curious to know more... and then something about a poor flax harvest." He read silently, then stopped and pushed the letter aside. "The rest is boring family things. What, are the nobles building magic weapons now? You'd think they would've told me. Just last week this very same noble called on me to ask about making enchanted boots for some secret expedition against Khyber. Can you imagine leaving me out of things when I'm obviously so vital they need me to play cobbler as well as enchanter and mason?"
Tulia sighed.
Ruyo asked her, "Is anyone else in the building? I want to tell you something."
"No, we're alone."
Ruyo weighed how much to explain to Quintus. "Actually, Quintus, could I trouble you to borrow Tulia for an hour? I haven't seen her in a while, and we could have a pleasant walk while I deliver these letters."
Quintus waved one hand. "Very well. I have other projects to work on."
Ruyo took the girl outside and asked, "Is there a good place to talk?"
"There's no one at the Three Curtains at this hour." There was mischief in her olive eyes; that tavern was beyond the price range of a slave, even though Quintus let her keep the change when running errands.
"I'm buying. And I'm teaching you to write."
"I already know how, from copying letters."
Ruyo led her along. "I'm going to write things down and have you read them silently and discuss them a bit."
"Ah!"
In the dim little pub it was easy to get a quiet corner table and a meal of eggy pastries. Ruyo took out a sheet of blank paper from Quintus' workshop. Between written messages and quiet conversation, Ruyo said, "A lot has happened in the last few days..."
Tulia listened to the tale with growing astonishment, but avoided any loud outbursts. "So you want me and my master to come with you, and pray."
"That would help me, and I think Quintus would do it just to study the place. If I can get enough benefit, I'll do whatever I can to make it worthwhile."
"Refilling canteens isn't much of a reward, ma'am."
"No, but I'm sure I can learn to do other things."
The girl said, "Are you sure this assistant of yours isn't playing you for a fool? Using you to gather strength for its own purposes?"
Ruyo toyed with a piece of bread, looking down. "Not completely sure. She picked me out of desperation and chance. But we got to talking about what the job means, and how to avoid being an abusive jackass like some of the Old Gods."
The Lost World of ruins was almost completely unknown. But modern man had come from another world that was slightly better remembered. The First World, a place of constant war and poverty. The stories of that place claimed that the gods were real. Moot point since no real ones had followed man to this world. Most people said, good riddance to them.
Tulia said, "Your assistant doesn't sound like someone who wants to shovel sacrificial victims into her maw."
Ruyo messily devoured her bread. With her mouth full she said, "She's nice. Can you talk Quintus into visiting, without him telling half the city what this is about?"
"Could you convince him to free me?"
Ruyo choked. "I thought you liked him."
"He's a dear, but he's never shown the slightest interest in me as more than an underling. I don't mind working for him, but I want the freedom not to. And the status of a citizen, and to own nice clothes or even a business of my own."
Ruyo's family were only minor merchants, but they were freemen. How could Ruyo refuse someone as competent as Tulia the chance to shine? Ruyo said, "I doubt he'd sell you for any price I could afford, not while he lacks a patient and literate replacement. If you promised to keep working for him for a year or two --"
"But you're --" Tulia lowered her voice. "In your position, why can't you command it?"
"Because he would laugh at me, and my wrath would only get him wet. I'm much better off trying to offer favors than threats. I'd rather do that anyway."
"But again, I don't see what favors you can offer."
"Nor do I," Ruyo admitted. "But you can gamble. Convince him to take a field trip to see a... let's say a cave of interest to a mason-mage. We'll reveal more detail once we're out of town. At worst you'll get to see something impressive and your master will be happy. I'll be asking Nusina how to start doing more than trivial magic tricks, so if I learn anything useful you'll benefit too."
"It would be nice to get out of the city," Tulia mused.
*   *   *
Ruyo dismissed Tulia and hurried to deliver the repaired letters. Except that she arranged for water damage to ruin a few lines of the coded letter once more. The papers still had signs of having been wet, so it was easy to apologize and explain more-or-less what had happened.
A butler at the nobleman's estate scowled at the explanation. "At least it arrived. These blasted soldiers are obnoxious enough to our own citizens, so you're lucky you got off with just being harassed."
"What do they want, anyway?" Ruyo said, glad to change the subject.
"No one's said what, or when we'll be rid of them."
Ruyo excused herself and moved on. Once the letters were done with, she dropped in at the tall brick office of Felix the Jay. The craftsman's walls and counters were lined with musical instruments and animal pelts. Several workmen were carving and cleaning.
Felix was a burly man with a magnificent hat lined with blue feathers. "Did you fetch it?" he said.
Ruyo handed over a brown bottle with both hands. Felix took it with one, sniffed, and pumped his fist in the air. "That's the stuff!" One of his workers played a triumphant ditty on a brand new fiddle.
The aroma of exotic earthy lacquer filled the room already, like a forest. "I'm lucky the cork held," she said, and repeated the story of being dunked.
"Ha! They'd pick on a lady? That's reason number eight to kick them out. Funny, though."
"A little."
"So you learned water magic? When did you find the time to study?"
"I had a strange trip."
He stood with his arms folded, looking down and appraising her. "Some kinda mystical encounter? Never thought you'd be talking with spirits or something, unless it's to dicker with them." He'd guessed closer to the truth than he knew. He asked, "You didn't sell your soul, did you?"
"Hardly. I got into this by accident." At least, Ruyo didn't want to think of her new commitment as signing herself away. She was in charge of her life.
"Can you make more top-notch lacquer for my stuff?"
He gestured to the wall, where an especially nice lute hung ready to be glazed. Felix was an artist when he sat down to work. Several of the pieces in progress were unfinished wood, and one looked like it had been dyed with blood.
"Making a special liquid? That's actually a good idea. Not yet, but I'll look into it."
"Well, don't go telling the Khyber people you can do spell stuff. They'll kidnap you."
Ruyo swore.
He said, "Was that a request, or...?"
She blushed. "I've got other things on my mind. Are they really grabbing people?"
"That's what I heard, anyway. Hiring local magic people, or making them go away."
"Great. And I barely know any spells yet."
"Then maybe your next trick should be how to vanish." He stood up straighter. "Wanna hide in a wagon heading south?"
"There's a horse I need to return, and I need to go west. If you have reason to go that way, there's something I'd like to show you there."
"Sorry, miss. I've got lots of work."
"Thanks anyway. When's that wagon leaving?"
"Next morning. If you're scared, I can have somebody bring your horse around. Then I guess, ride west from the south side. Should get you past any goons at the gates."
"You'd do that? It's nice of you, sir."
He beamed. "For a discount on the lacquer. And a kiss."
Ruyo had made it this far in life without being nailed down. But he was going out of his way to help. With less reluctance than she expected, she stood tiptoe to reach him -- and got swept into a bear hug she didn't much mind. When Felix got his payment and set her down again, she was wobbly and blushing.
"Fair price!" he said.
*   *   *
Ruyo had some other trade items to sell off, and risked a trip to the markets. The biggest was in the Council Oak district, interspersed with tiny parks and a tall tree. Wind rustled through the leaves, filtering the smoke from grilled meat.
She pondered what to buy, and scanned the prices and the mood. It was rare for Ruyo to sell her wares without buying more goods to keep her trades going. Her single pack of items wasn't enough to turn much profit, but she took it as a challenge to try.
She visited a clothier offering plain linen tunics. "Those look lovely," she said with some generosity.
The woman running the stall smiled. "You look like a traveler. See the stitching here? It'll hold together for ages. And there are pockets!" Few people had that newfangled style but Ruyo much appreciated it.
Ruyo patted her own pockets. "I don't have much room to carry spare clothes. Would you take what I'm wearing? It's Starshore make."
"And decorated by hard wear, I can see. But maybe."
"I also need something that won't be ruined by water. I've been soaked several times lately."
Ruyo put her old tunic in trade toward a replacement, which would make her harder to identify. She stepped behind a curtain, squirmed into the comfortable, snug brown outfit, and emerged. "Deal. Now, I have some excellent dyes that might interest you..."
She got back a tidy sum for a bottle of red powder. When business was done, she asked, "What's news around here? I heard something about occupying troops, and kidnappings?"
The clothier grew quieter. "There are wicked people here as there are anywhere, and sometimes people vanish. But recently, a son of Vissio disappeared from this very market. Do you see the men with the stripes?" She nodded toward a pair of tough fellows with swords and black, white-striped uniforms. "Vissio's other sons. They say they're investigating, but they're getting more aggressive, going from questions to threats and shoving. Pushing the merchant council to do something to find the boy."
"Was this boy a mage?"
"Oh yes, and only eight years old! A prodigy."
"That's terrible! Nobody knows what happened though? I heard something about the Khyber men trying to recruit mages by any means."
The clothier waved dismissively. "It'd be war if they stole our people away, especially a noble's son. I think it's a simple ransom." Another customer arrived and waved for attention. "Thank you, miss; have a good day!"
Ruyo thanked her too. The threat to mages seemed more real now, and it seemed callous for someone in her position to walk right past a problem like this when children were involved. She did what she did best, by studying the market and its people, but now with a new eye for what might be terribly wrong here.
*   *   *
One feature of the market was that it pressed against the city wall. The fact that Felix the Jay had cheerfully offered to smuggle her out of the city had her wondering how much experience he had at such things. The wall relied on both ordinary masonry and magic, so a criminal operation might use spellcraft to tunnel beneath it. A stroll along the "wall street" didn't show anything obvious, but of course it wouldn't.
Someone was singing drunkenly outside a gambling den. It was a hymn from the town of Brotherhood, with much bawdier lyrics. Another man came by, cuffed him, and harangued him for impiety. That wasn't the first Brotherhood figure she'd seen walking around Averell. In her dealings with Brotherhood she'd found the people quiet and usually honest, but they were a distrusted minority here in the lands of the Steadfast Church. And they were very much anti-magic. Still, that wasn't a motive for kidnapping.
Ruyo felt out of her depth, as an outsider playing at being able to solve real problems. Did she bring anything useful to the table? She could barely even sense the presence of magic. Although, that was useful in itself.
She practiced that by browsing a store that sold magical goods. Protective talismans, a stone-shaping chisel, a purifying canteen; all under glass.
The wizened shopkeeper stroked his beard and said, "See anything you like?"
"These each have a different flavor of sorts," Ruyo said, discovering it for the first time. The chisel was a practical tool that could cut stone faster than it had any right to -- Quintus owned three -- and it had a tang of magic very different from anything she'd noticed in the shrine. The canteen was a little like her own water spell. The talismans of a stylized tower were mostly inert, useless, but there was a subtle familiarity to a pair in one corner with a crude design. Ruyo pointed those out, saying, "Are these different?"
He beamed. "My niece made them."
"And if any of them really protect you, I'd bet on those two. Can you sense anything from them, yourself?"
"The magic of the Church is a subtle thing. My niece certainly believes. I can't guarantee the power of such things, but they're on offer along with tools I can demonstrate directly."
Was the power of belief and gods different from ordinary magic, then? The fact that Ruyo could notice anything about the amulets gave her new respect for the Steadfast Church as more than a convenient unifying faith.
Ruyo said, "I've learned magic recently, just very basic things, and I'm worried about the rumors. Am I in danger here? And what's this about a son of Vissio disappearing?"
The old man frowned. "I don't think you are, because it's the Council -- citywide, not the merchants -- that the Khyber men are bothering. Whatever their game is, it doesn't concern us directly. May I ask what you do?"
Ruyo took out her canteen and demonstrated.
"Ah, interesting for a beginner! There's something odd about your style. I can't place it."
"I've only been taught, barely, by an old hermit," Ruyo said.
"Keep at it. I only really have skill at some humble enchantments. But if you buy something we might talk for a moment about your technique."
Ruyo was worried about her budget. She asked to examine the canteen, but ended up buying one of the truly enchanted Steadfast Church tower pendants. The stone tingled unpleasantly against her palm. "May it protect you," the shopkeeper said.
She kept it in one pocket, hoping to show it to Nusina later. She talked with the shopkeeper about practical spellcraft, and then she turned the topic back to the missing boy. "What was he doing in the market, anyway? And what powers does he have?"
"I don't know if he was alone, or when it happened; I hear conflicting stories. Supposedly he was showing off with stoneworking magic, making rocks roll along with him like puppies at his heels."
"A basic trick like mine, then?"
"Hmm. Now you've got me interested in the puzzle. If I had to guess... Have you heard rumors about people finding strange magic in ruins?"
Ruyo felt sweat in her armpits. "A little." Every so often there was talk that an adventurer had found a magic trinket, usually replicating a known spell and barely functional.
"Well, what if the boy found something or just invented an unusual spell on his own? People would want to know what and how, and be the ones to control the secret."
"Bold of them to kidnap a noble's son, if so."
Ruyo began to get an idea, possibly a terrible one. But it was at least worth butting in to ask if her help would be welcome. She thanked the shopkeeper and headed out.
*   *   *
And then, she presented herself at the house of Vissio, one of the city's noble families. Their estate was in the Council Oak district on a small hill overlooking the market. Fragrant orange trees crowded the walled garden. The servant who answered the door scowled at her. "What?"
"I wanted to ask one of the Vissio brothers about their recent problem, and see if I can help."
"We don't need strangers' help, thank you."
The servant was about to slam the door on Ruyo when someone said, "Wait." A man in white and black, one of the two from before, marched closer and pushed the doorman aside. "Are you a ransomer? Spill it."
"No, no! But I'm an apprentice mage, and I thought I might know something useful."
"Then come in."
The house was built around the gardens, and was more shaded arcades than fully enclosed rooms. The Vissio man crushed a felt cap in his hands. "So. What is it?"
"Forgive me for getting involved, sir, but does your younger brother have any unusual magic talent?"
"Who told you that?"
"Only rumor from the shopkeepers below." The man looked impatient already. Ruyo went on: "If that's true, and if someone is trying to capture people with strange magic... I might be usable as bait."
Vissio clapped once and said, "Fetch my brother." A servant scurried away and returned with him, likely a twin. They made Ruyo say it all again. The two conferred, largely by gesture. Then one of them said, "It's true; he was playing with a type of spell that might have been new. His own invention. We're not sure but we wouldn't know. What's so special about your power, that you think you could get the villains' attention?"
"At the moment? Nothing they would notice. But I plan to leave town in the morning and go home, and in a few days I'll return with something to use. Something that will stand out."
"A few days!" cried the first brother. "Who knows what will happen to him by then?"
The other brother said, "This is just one lead of several. We can keep trying our other methods."
"Then this woman must leave now, not tomorrow. You there, are you expecting some sort of payment up front?"
"No, sirs. You're right to keep trying to find him. I'll prepare and come back quickly by horse."
They looked a little more confident in her, for asking no favors. "And you have some sort of flashy trick you'll fetch?"
"I believe so. It might help if I knew what the boy can do. What's his name, anyway?"
"Virid. He has a touch of the stone-shaper's power. Nothing astonishing there; so does our mother. But he seemed able to make stones bounce and roll around on their own in an odd way. As though he were steering the spell without paying attention, or they were alive."
That sounded like what the artificer had said. "A living thing made of a pure element?"
"That's one explanation, but again, we don't know much magic theory ourselves. Mother thinks so."
The other brother said, "Now, miss, will you be safe getting to your cache of spell-tools? We could send a rider along."
That was tempting, but dangerous. Ruyo shook her head. "I plan to travel with the enchanter Quintus."
"Oh, him. I doubt he could find the way to your home unless you led him on a rope."
"His slave-girl will be along to help."
"Then it's decided. Go, and be steadfast." Both brothers gestured with an upraised hand held edge-forward over their hearts.
*   *   *
Ruyo hurried back to Quintus' home. Her only detour was to pay a street urchin to tell Felix the Jay, "Tomorrow's date is off for now, but thanks". She figured the kid would enjoy delivering gossip-worthy news.
Fortunately Quintus was at home, muttering as he packed too many magical instruments into a trunk. Ruyo said, "I've been told to leave right away. Can you?"
"Now? I have preparations to make!"
Tulia said, "Sir, I've been trying to tell you the trunks are too much for a horse."
"Which is why we're taking a cart."
Ruyo said, "The Vissio brothers want me to hurry. Maybe you could..." Ruyo considered the possibility of having Tulia follow Ruyo to learn the route and then shepherd her master along, but the brothers were probably right to doubt his travel skills.
"We could travel light," Tulia put in.
"While studying magical phenomena?"
"You've done it before. You were very successful at it, too. Won recognition from the Council, even."
Quintus stood up from trying to stuff gadgets into the chest, and dusted himself off. "That's true. Very well. Saddlebags only. Just a few instruments. A worthy challenge." He looked forlornly at his box of gear.
Ruyo left the two of them to their packing. Just then a rider from Vissio arrived, dismounting to give her a bag of fruit and cheese.
"Bless you," Ruyo told him.


3. Small Miracles

In the village of Sor's Hill, Ruyo arranged to keep Henrik's mare a little longer. But neither he nor anyone else was willing to talk about the hunting expedition they'd done, other than that they'd gotten their quarry. Odd.
Ruyo didn't press them; she hurried onward. The party eventually neared the diverted stream, and veered off of the rutted road. "We walk from here. So, Quintus: this isn't just a cave. It's a Lost World shrine."
The wizard looked as though he'd been struck. "Why didn't you tell me so? I don't have all of the proper tools to document it. Why were you so vague about it, Tulia?"
"I haven't seen it myself," Tulia told him.
They hobbled the horses and left them to graze for the moment, then headed into the darkness with only an ordinary oil lantern. Ruyo called out, "Nusina?"
"You're back!" said the voice of the water spirit. The cave began to emit a dim, rippling glow. "Is everything all right?"
"We have work to do. Did anyone bother you?"
"No. In fact, Baris stopped by once more to check, and offered a prayer. Nice of him."
Quintus said, "I'm unimpressed by you talking to an empty cave, miss Ruyo. But did you make that light source?"
Oh, right; the others couldn't see or hear the guardian. Ruyo said, "Nusina, can you appear to them?"
"Briefly. Come farther in."
Ruyo had the others approach the old murals and the stone circle on the floor. Nusina appeared in plain sight, shedding a brighter blue glow. "Fear not, mortals! Welcome to the shrine of my mistress Ruyo! I can't make myself visible for long, but whatever she tells you is probably true." She began to fade already.
"Wait," said Tulia, reaching out one hand in fascination. "What are you? Do you belong to Ruyo?"
"I'm a guardian spirit. It's my function, and I want to do it well. Nice to meet you, and I can hear you while invisible. Please help Ruyo, and you'll be helping me too."
Nusina faded to her default ghostly state, so that only Ruyo could see her. Tulia kept looking at the space where the spirit floated. "Your function. Do you have any choice?"
The guardian said, "Not really, but I'm happy to do my job again."
Ruyo repeated that and frowned. She added, "For whatever my relaying of words is worth."
Quintus coughed. "So you do have some kind of... spirit, or at least a good illusion. Shall we get on with my studies?"
Tulia said, "We've been asked to, to pray here. I'd like to try that now, especially if it will let me talk more with her."
"I suppose I can watch the process," the wizard said.
Tulia ignored Ruyo other than casting a nervous glance her way, and faced the murals. She crouched and murmured something Ruyo couldn't hear. It went on for a minute. Again Ruyo felt faintly dizzy and warm from the indirect attention. She hoped to get more used to it, but feared what would happen if she got too comfortable.
"Interesting," Quintus said, peering through a hoop of rune-etched metal at everything. "I should make my own donation to the cause." He knelt and mumbled his way through a halting litany of praise and encouragement he was adapting from a Steadfast Church prayer and possibly a textbook. "May the new goddess stand firm and tall; may we be sheltered by her might. Let the sums balance and all weights be properly supported against stress and strain. May all work be properly shown. In the name of the traveler Ruyo."
Ruyo blushed and accepted the trickle of energy without comment. She clapped her hands together and said, "Quintus, would you like to see the hidden part of the shrine?"
The mage's raised eyebrows were clearly a yes. Ruyo asked Nusina to open the hidden back wall. They headed down the stairs to the well or shaft. Quintus peered in, and Tulia sensibly held his belt in case he leaned too far forward.
"My!" he said. "What is it for?"
Nusina said, "Its original name was... I can't recall exactly, but something like 'Tireless Wellspring of Celestial Puissance'."
Ruyo looked skeptically at her.
"What? Theotechnology terms tended to be grandiose."
"It's called a well, now."
"But it's not literally based on how much water is down there. Anyway, that's not the official term."
Ruyo grinned. "It is now, by divine fiat."
"If you say so, milady. I suggest not trying to ferry them down with ice platforms."
She nodded, and explained to the others: "I had a hard time getting down and back, and we ought to have at least a good rope ladder if you want to explore there. Should have thought to bring one. But down at the bottom is a room with some inscriptions and a large broken crystal."
"A crystal?" Quintus said. "Those can be used to store mana, but if a charged crystal breaks the results tend to be unpleasant."
"They probably were. The place barely functions, and I had to fight a... wait a minute. Nusina, at the time I only thought of it as a monster. But was that slush thing a spirit too? Oh gods, was it a person like you?"
Nusina swirled into a tighter knot of water, looking uncomfortable. "I've been thinking about that too. I'm fairly sure it wasn't. And... if it was a true guardian spirit like me, it was mad and mindless by the time you fought it. It was beyond helping, I mean."
Reluctantly Ruyo explained what Nusina had said. Quintus looked fascinated, Tulia troubled.
Quintus used an array of tools to take mundane and mystical measurements of the place, from inside and out. Ruyo couldn't follow the technical monolog as he dictated notes to Tulia.
Nusina listened. She told Ruyo, "I'm learning a few things from his note-taking. It's the closest there's been to a proper inspection in ages."
Finally Tulia said, "How can we help each other? Ruyo has been saying she needs more magic. To do something useful, but also to attract the attention of certain criminals."
Ruyo said, "Let's tend properly to the horses, and get everyone caught up."
So they did that, and sat on blankets on the cave floor. Nusina said, "Becoming fully tangible is an energy drain. But if you help, Ruyo, I can manage to keep moving the air to talk with them."
Ruyo eagerly helped act as a mana conduit, learning to channel her small reserve of power to keep Nusina real enough to speak with. The spirit floated beside them like a reverse bonfire, barely visible to Quintus' magic-detecting hoop. Quintus and Tulia passed it back and forth while peppering her with questions.
Ruyo didn't mind being largely left out of the conversation. Nusina had the more interesting stories to tell, even if they were very fragmented memories of a forgotten age.
Nusina eventually said, "Ruyo, I have some ideas. What you talked about the boy doing, sounded like he'd learned to animate an element. Impressive at his age, with no tutor! You, though, do have someone who knows a little about the technique."
"Would I be creating another intelligent spirit just to catch criminals?"
"No, not for a simple construct. In the old days there were intelligent ones, but you probably won't figure out that technique for a while. No offense."
Ruyo nodded.
"Besides learning that, I think you can master a basic water creation spell --"
"Yes, please."
"I thought you'd say that. Also, and this is branching out from your water powers, I could help you learn a power of conjuration. Creating small objects from nothing, such as you might find in a ship's hold."
Ruyo blinked. "Random objects?"
"Not random; simple things you envision. Nails, boards, an iron ingot, a patch of sailcloth, a biscuit."
"Gold?"
"I doubt it. Maybe later?"
Quintus declared, "That's impossible."
"Who here is a spirit from a lost civilization?" asked Nusina. Tulia smiled at her.
"But conjuration is a specialized type of elemental manipulation that creates raw water or stone, flame or air, not a complete phantasm object."
Ruyo hadn't heard of this power either. "It sounds like something that would stand out as flashy and worth 'collecting' by someone unscrupulous."
Nusina scolded, "I don't like the idea of you being used to trap dangerous criminals, milady. You aren't strong enough yet to simply reappear if you're killed."
"I promised I'd try helping. And if I'm going to earn any respect I have to be useful. Besides, I can show off making terrible biscuits and then summon one of these... water elemental creatures... for protection."
"I believe they were called Dynamic Servitor Element Embodiments."
"Were."
"Besides, with your current power level I think I can only set you up with... fine, elementals, or conjuring, but not both. Learning a new power will take more than hearing the theory behind it. You're sort of committing a bit of your growing power to anchoring the spell to you."
"Anchoring? I like it. Why this power to create bits of flotsam at will, though? It does seem different from a pure water theme."
Nusina said, "That doesn't surprise me. The types of power you'll be able to develop, will be related not just to your inheritance as a water goddess, but to who you are as a person. You're a merchant by trade, so having a stock of useful things comes naturally to you. Probably easier than creating globs of water to do your bidding. They'd be pretty weak elementals too."
"Then I'm glad you haven't offered me the power to yank out people's blood."
"Me too."
"So, water creation and this Flotsam power?"
"I actually like your name for that one, milady. You can gain both of those today."
"Today," Ruyo echoed, and groaned. "I don't have much time to rest. I need to turn right around to Averell to use these powers. Nusina, will you be able to come with me this time? Even if you can barely appear, being able to offer advice or shout 'boo' could save me."
"But that would leave your shrine undefended!"
Tulia said, "What if I stay here?"
Quintus said, "Excuse me?"
She told him, "It makes sense. I can continue making boring measurements for you, and help keep Ruyo from running out of power. Once she's done in Averell, Nusina can take over again."
"Hmm. Well, I do need to return to my workshop... But no cooking or cleaning for a week?"
"Sir, you have money."
He fussed. "But no one knows how to clean my clothes right."
Ruyo assured him, "She'll be even more useful by gathering magic data. Think of it as a vacation. The workshop all to yourself! Restaurants for every meal!" Tulia nodded in support.
"Fine, then," he groused. "I'll want a full report."
Nusina said to the slave, "Would you really do that for me?"
"Right now I'm probably more dangerous to intruders than you are, forgive me for saying."
"It's... it's true. I'm not very good at my job yet."
"Hold onto the 'yet'. You can be mighty someday."
*   *   *
Ruyo trained intensively with Nusina, under the watchful gaze of Quintus and Tulia. The spirit explained how to create pure water by the handful, then by the bucketful, with a few seconds of concentration. If Ruyo stood in place with her hands cupped before her, she could pretend to be a fountain. She told Quintus, "I would try flooding that well so you can swim down and have a look at the crystal. But giving people the power to breathe water isn't in my grimoire yet."
Nusina added, "It certainly could be soon. Please don't drown, milady; it would be terribly embarrassing."
Ruyo listened to the magic theory behind elementals, and to Quintus' theories of how the missing boy's trick worked. For the moment it was just theory knowledge and Ruyo lacked the thorough grounding in magery to feel at all confident about it, but the information might help anyway. She felt better about the Flotsam power, which really did feel like something she'd always been able to do and had only forgotten.
Her first product was an iron ingot that rippled into existence between her hands, falling heavily into her grip. "Nice! This is worth a little money." She raised one eyebrow in Tulia's direction. She could make more eventually, at the very least paying the slave-girl for her time. Ruyo's second attempt was a biscuit of the kind a ship carried -- and fortunately, fresh and edible. She felt drained by the effort.
Nusina said, "You'll need to pace yourself with that power. Making food or glass or wood will tire you much faster than water."
"Glass?"
"Yes, let's try one more. It will be practice at making a more complex shape."
Though Ruyo got exhausted trying, she made a narrow glass bottle. It wouldn't impress the professionals in the Glasstown district, but it'd hold water.
Ruyo resolved to set Tulia up with a surplus of tolerable food and jars of water, as soon as she'd rested a bit. She showed Nusina the stone pendant she'd bought.
The spirit drifted closer, then darted back from it. "I don't like it. It's got a divine signature, but it's not yours. Why would you of all people have that?"
"Besides currying favor with a shopkeeper, I wanted to ask you about how it worked. We're going to need something like it, aren't we? I can't expect everyone to come in person to this cave, and I wouldn't want them to."
"You're thinking of using such a thing as a prayer collector? It would work, but you haven't yet got clear mythos."
"Hmm?" asked Ruyo.
"Symbolism. Marks and signs of your presence. If you become known for wearing hexagon designs and talking backwards, then that's the form that the most effective artifacts and prayers will take. I don't sense any strong associations to you yet. Just from conversation, it sounds like your strongest followers -- two thirds of whom are in the room -- know you as a merchant with water magic."
Ruyo turned to Tulia. "Did you know that I'm a legendary dancer?"
"No you're not."
"Bah. I'll have to think of something else."
*   *   *
The next day, the new goddess set out east for the city again, this time with Tulia remaining in the cave. Nusina followed along as a ghost visible only to Ruyo. "I'm glad to get out and see the world," she commented. "I can't move around freely except near you or the shrine."
"Can we fix that eventually?" Ruyo asked, as she and Quintus rode along.
"Yes, but giving me more flexibility also means fixing up the shrine or getting more of them, which we should be doing anyway."
"Tell me about building a second shrine."
"It would start out even weaker, but it'd help. You'd need a personal mythos to do that, and neither of us can be the ones to consecrate it."
Ruyo looked grim, and turned her horse around. "Then we're stopping by Baris' cabin on the way, to hire him. Tulia shouldn't be left alone."
Quintus wanted to get back to the city but tolerated the westward detour. He asked for some financial advice in between comparing notes on magic.
The ranger's cabin was easy to find, and had a few guideposts near the main trail. It was a simple one-story home but looked pleasant for a place closely surrounded by trees and the croaking of frogs. Ruyo knocked on the door, and a woman in an orange shawl answered.
"Oh, you must be Baris' fiancee. I'm Ruyo, a merchant and a mage of sorts, and this is Quintus, a real mage."
Her smile more than made up for her homely looks. "He's mentioned you. I'm not sure what to think, but what can I do for you?"
"I was hoping to pay Baris to keep a lookout on a nearby cave. There's a woman guarding it now, Quintus' servant, but she's no fighter."
"What, by herself? That lair of yours is no place to be alone. I'll head right over there."
Ruyo had now let three people in on the shrine's location, and Baris' betrothed could probably find it too. Any of them could betray Ruyo and, according to Nusina, possibly kill her. The thought of the guardian spirit made Ruyo more aware of her presence, hovering near Ruyo's left shoulder. "Do you know where?" Ruyo asked.
"Well enough."
"I suppose I'll have to trust you," Ruyo said. She glanced toward the spirit, who twitched in what Ruyo recognized as a shrug.
"I'm no fighter either, but I can at the very least check on her and have my man pay closer attention when he's back."
"Thank you. Would you be interested in some iron or canvas? They're probably the most valuable things I can conjure right now."
"Magically created? All right; I'd like to see it done. Metal I suppose."
Ruyo concentrated, held her hands together, and focused. A shimmering blue-tinged glow appeared between her fingers, and the weight of a small iron ingot dropped into her grasp. She handed it over with a flourish.
"Impossible," Quintus muttered.
The lady took it, not looking impressed. "I can see that trick being useful. You'll probably never have to work for a living again, but that's true for anyone with a pile of spells."
Quintus said, "Hey!"
Ruyo told her, "I intend to work anyway, ma'am. I'm on my way to see about rescuing someone from danger, if I can."
"Really now. Good luck!"
Nusina bubbled for Ruyo's attention and she got the point right away. Blushing, she said, "If you're going to the cave and you want to help, there's a bit more you can do."
The lady of the house hesitated. "Baris seems to trust you, and I'm going to the cave anyway. If you're off to play hero and I can help with a few words and good wishes, I may as well."
"Thank you!"
*   *   *
Ruyo made her the largest piece of canvas cloth she could, a disappointing thing most suitable for scraps and patches. "If I can make a proper bolt of the stuff I'll send some your way."
With that settled, Ruyo and Quintus went east to Averell. The way was clear, and after a tedious ride, the city rose ahead.
Nusina said, "At this rate you could end up known as a smithing goddess."
"Should I avoid that? I'd like to do more, of course."
"It's up to you. Just be mindful of your reputation."
They rode into the Glasstown district and then through the gates. "Time to start that 'vacation'," Quintus said, looking doubtful.
"You're welcome to help with the rescue plan."
"I have thinking to do and work to catch up on. It's been very interesting."
One reason Ruyo was hesitant to part with Quintus was the thought of who he'd blab to. "It's important that you not share the details of where or what, at least yet. Can you keep that to yourself for now?"
"Of course," he said crossly. They'd already discussed this, but Ruyo wasn't confident the promise would stick.
Once they were alone, she told Nusina, "We need another shrine as soon as possible."
"I agree. Where, though? We also need someone to use it occasionally."
"Baris' cabin? Is there some minimum distance?"
"No; that place would work. But you need something more elaborate than a table with a jar of water on it, and you can't do all the construction yourself."
"The house of Vissio, then." The noble family had space and money. "All the more reason to befriend them."
*   *   *
The Vissio estate welcomed Ruyo and handled her horse. With Quintus busy, Ruyo was on her own again to try making herself useful. One of the brothers met her at a table facing the orange grove.
"Any word of your brother? Virid, right?"
"None. I want a ransom demand, damn it! We could at least swallow our pride and pay, or ambush them. But you're going to help with the ambush part, aren't you?"
Ruyo nodded. "Here's what I've learned to do." She clasped her hands and with a flourish and a glow, created a rough glass bottle from nothing.
Vissio's eyebrows rose. "I don't think that's normally possible."
"Quintus said the same. I can also do iron, bread, and a few other things in small amounts, for now. Water in much larger amounts, though I'm told that doesn't break the normal rules of magic." She demonstrated by filling the bottle, pouring a swirl of water from one palm.
"I should hire you, not that we have a shortage of glass here. For now, I need you to show off in such a way that whoever seized Virid also tries for you."
"There's another asset here. Don't be alarmed. Nusina?"
She'd been there all along, silent and invisible. She flared into reality for long enough to appear on the table and say, "Greetings on behalf of my lady Ruyo!"
Vissio stuck his hand into the swirl of water, and pulled it away to look at his wet fingers.
"That tickles!" said Nusina. "I need to fade out but I'm still here."
Ruyo explained, "She's a spirit who can appear briefly, or with a little less effort speak to people. Has to stay near me though."
Vissio waved his hand again through the space where Nusina was, this time meeting no resistance. "That's more advanced than what Virid was doing with stones."
Ruyo was glancing around, and to her annoyance the household servants had missed the demonstration. "How do you want to do this? I'm thinking either perform at the marketplace, or pretend to get drunk this evening and show off."
"That's about what we were thinking. Do both. We'll have men in place. And wear this." He fished another Church tower pendant out of a belt pouch.
Ruyo peered at it. "It seems enchanted but not like this one." She showed off the one she'd bought.
"It's meant to be something a wizard can locate. Here; trade for now."
Ruyo swapped pendants but felt distasteful about putting one on. She kept it in her pocket instead. "The first thing I'd do as a kidnapper is tear off any magically glowing devices, for fear of just this."
"It's meant to be subtle. But then, you noticed right away that it's enchanted."
"Part of the nature of my powers."
Vissio leaned closer. "And what is that nature, that you can do impossible things?"
She'd been thinking about how to explain, but had been hoping to save the sales pitch for later. "My powers are based on people being willing to encourage me. I'd be happy to explain more theory later, but that's less important than your brother."
He looked at her skeptically but nodded. "True. You have my encouragement for what that's worth, and several blades at your back."
*   *   *
Ruyo rethought her approach to magic and tonight's planned action. She'd have to be flashy and impressive, and might have to fight.
Which was an excuse to show off in the Vissio courtyard, for practice. Ruyo created several gallons of water and whipped them around like a weapon.
Nusina said, "I don't think that will be very effective in combat, if it comes to that."
"I am a mystical bender of water!"
"Yes, but hitting someone with a gallon of water isn't all that powerful."
Ruyo laughed and let the water she wielded, flow into a blob around each of her hands. "I'm better off using it as a surprise or distraction, huh?"
"If you keep at it, you can learn to fling water with greater force. Tulia mentioned that the cityfolk have learned to pump water through a siphon to attack fires; you could do a similar 'fire-hose' strike eventually. And having a ton of water dropped on your head isn't much more fun than if it's a ton of bricks."
"We have higher priorities than better ways to hurt people though."
"True. Just don't neglect self-defense completely."
"Who are you talking to?" asked a man in a cook's apron, who'd just entered the garden with what was obviously his son.
"My friend Nusina. Say hello!"
The spirit popped into existence and swirled. The cook drew back in fear and shielded the boy with one arm, but the young one looked delighted. "Hello!" Nusina said, floating lower.
The boy waved.
"She won't hurt you," Ruyo assured them both.
"Can I pet you?"
Nusina allowed it. The kid giggled and said, "All wet!"
"Bye for now!" she said, and vanished.
"I see you hiding."
Ruyo blinked. Nusina said, "Wait, you can see me?" She floated higher and to one side.
"Did you hear that?" Ruyo asked.
"Hear what?" the boy said. He was looking right at the "invisible" spirit's new spot. She darted around like a hummingbird and he kept watching.
The father said, "Is this something dangerous, mage?"
"No, sir. But normally only I can see her unless she turns, ah, real. Maybe your son has some talent for magic?"
He looked rattled and maybe pleased, no longer shielding the boy from the mysterious mage. "I never knew!"
Ruyo asked the boy, "Did you see her before she said hello?"
"Nuh-uh. But now I do."
"What does this mean, Nusina?"
"I'm not sure, but yes, he might have some talent. Seeing spirits isn't a trick a normal mage seems to know, though."
"Well, move magic instruction up on the agenda." She turned back to the others. "Either of you want a biscuit or a block of iron or something? I'm practicing conjuration powers too."
"You can make food?" the cook said.
"Probably not up to your standards." She conjured a simple roll. She felt strained by the feat, more than by making ten times its weight in water.
He took it and chewed. "Tolerable, but yeah, I'm not going out of business."
"Can I have a thing too?" said the kid.
Ruyo obliged. He took a bite, looked thoughtful, and said, "Dad's is better."
Ruyo just grinned.
When they were gone, Nusina said, "We're friends now?"
"I hope so."
*   *   *
Once Ruyo had rested a little, she went to the Council Oak marketplace. She found an open spot along a wall, bowed to no one, and began casually performing. She summoned water, made it flow between her hands, and juggled. A few people looked on casually, fortunately missing her first clumsy mistakes.
Ruyo enjoyed being able to show off, pushing the limits of her newfound power. It took more than being blessed by spirits to develop control, a sense for how her hands could push and pull her element or let it flow freely. She dropped a few gallons on the ground, then pretended to strain as she lifted it all off the pavement again. "Really ought to learn that purification spell," she said.
Nusina feigned a sigh. "I'll add it to the list!" She suggested another trick.
Ruyo tried it: flinging a glob of water over an onlooker's head like a ball, to splash against a nearby tree.
The startled man clapped. "You should have a hat or a bowl."
"Indeed I should!" She waved her empty hands around, held them palms-out, then brought them together and forged a simple wooden bowl from raw mana. It gleamed for a moment as she tossed it around, filled it with water, then made the water flee, then used a cushion of floating water to lower the bowl to the floor.
Now she was starting to draw a crowd. Ruyo didn't repeat her "impossible" trick for a while, and was amused when someone tossed a coin into the bowl. A little later she floated the bowl around and collected a few more, though that pushed the limit of her lifting strength.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself," Nusina said. "Don't wear yourself out though."
"I like doing this," Ruyo answered quietly. "Anything unusual?"
"A Vissio man in plain clothes is lurking nearby. I've been flitting around, but nobody seems to see me like that boy did. Shall I join in?"
"Please."
Even without materializing, Nusina could pretend to be a simple elemental by grabbing water. Ruyo kept up simple tricks, then suddenly got splashed from above. She startled and looked up at Nusina. People were laughing at her. Ruyo suppressed a smile and shook her fist at the hidden spirit, then went back to performing. When a kid called out "Behind you!" she spun, in time to catch a bucketful that was sneaking away from her. Ruyo hammed it up to grab the water, dodge it, and battle Nusina only to have the spirit steal the glob back a little at a time whenever Ruyo looked away to address the crowd.
With merchants and other townsfolk watching the show, Ruyo said, "Reveal yourself, spirit!"
Nusina stayed ghostly, but while levitating a ball of water she was practically visible. (The difference between the spirit's watery "body" and just any water held in her magic grip seemed obvious to Ruyo. Eye-dots, for one difference.) Nusina burbled, "Ooooo..."
The crowd watched the spirit float to right in front of Ruyo's face, staying in place to hide her. Ruyo brushed her aside and, when the moment was right, conjured a large glass pitcher from nothing and stuffed the offending water into it, blocking it with one hand. "Someone give me a cork!"
Nusina escaped from the trapped water and swirled around Ruyo, giggling along with the crowd. "It's been ages since I did this sort of thing. Anyway, take a break!"
Ruyo was beginning to tire even from the relatively easy water-shaping. She nodded and took a bow. "Thank you! I'll be around again later." Applause and the clink of coins rewarded her.
"How'd you do that?" asked a rough-looking man in a leather apron, smelling of cinders.
"Special powers!" she said, wiggling her fingers.
That wasn't enough for him. "Seriously, just sleight of hand or what?"
"Hold on." Ruyo winked. She thanked the rest of her audience and tried to use a water-ball to float the bowl of money up to her. The added weight was much harder than lifting the water itself; she had to snatch the bowl with her hands. She hefted a pleasant handful of copper and even a little silver, and put it away.
When the crowd dispersed but for the forge-smelling man and a mother with two kids, Ruyo told him, "I've learned some unusual powers. Are you a magic-user yourself?"
"I mostly work with my own two hands, but yes. I know some tricks for keeping tools sharp and fire hot. I teach a class called the Ardent Curriculum of Blazing Hammer Blows."
"A man of culture!" said Nusina.
Ruyo said, "Then here; maybe you'll appreciate this." She conjured an iron ingot to give him, though the effort left her weary.
He tapped it with one dirty fingernail and listened to it ring. "You shouldn't be able to do that, you know."
Ruyo hummed two notes to Nusina, a signal of Keep an eye out. Aloud she said, "Keep it. Yes, I've been exploring what's possible. None of what I just did was pure trickery like those shows of pulling a coin from behind your ear."
For every real sorcerer there were three performing false tricks for fraud or innocent entertainment. Ruyo admired the skill of the buskers who combined fakery with a few real spells to keep people guessing. She now wanted to learn how to do that.
"I've been trying to figure out your secret." The man noticed the other woman waiting. "Oh, excuse me."
The mother and children thanked Ruyo and got her to do another trick for them before departing. Ruyo waved goodbye and turned back to the teacher-smith. "Have you heard of anyone else with uncommon kinds of magic?"
"There are people who've tried taming some of the more magical beasts, or who've claimed to communicate with the gators, and I hear wild claims about Lost World artifacts. But ninety percent of that is nonsense. Assuming you're really not putting me on, would you mind coming to my workshop at the college?"
"I plan to be in and out of Averell doing some studies of my own, but sure. I'll try to find you later."
They talked a bit, exchanging names. Finally he stepped away and waved the iron block at her. "Whatever you're doing, I want to know how!"
When he'd gone, Ruyo murmured, "Thoughts?"
Nusina said, "That seemed like honest curiosity. No harm in letting him study you once we've resolved the task at hand -- and better secured the shrine."
"I feel like we're keeping too many secrets."
"You've told the whole truth to as many people as it's safe to, for now."
Ruyo watched the market's foot traffic, spoke with a few sellers who'd been interested in the show, and did easy tricks for them. In a free moment she told Nusina, "I should look into who owns the patch of land where..." She lowered her voice. "You know, that place. Having a deed would help."
"I wouldn't know. I'm not exactly up to speed on current politics."
"Probably not too different from what you remember. Human nature doesn't change, for better or worse."
Ruyo had been "talking to herself" in the market, and got self-conscious about it. She casually made sure Vissio's men were shadowing her, and headed for one of the wall-area taverns.
*   *   *
The Hairy Eagle Pub was the kind of place where someone looking to get kidnapped could probably find someone to oblige. Two tables of the low-ceilinged den hosted intense, complicated dice games in progress, and more people were trickling in as the sun set. The merchants here were the rougher sort, mostly men, and most of the others looked and smelled like they'd been in stuffy workshops. By force of habit Ruyo tried to listen in on gossip about how candles and shoes and wicker were selling.
She relaxed at first. She ate and drank but went easy on the alcohol, discreetly refilling her mug with water. She loitered, holding a murmured conversation with Nusina about the city and other modern towns she'd visited. She fended off two would-be suitors with a little polite talk, then went over to gamble a bit.
Coins changed hands excitingly but she ended with only a tiny loss, a fair price for entertainment.
Back at her seat she idly practiced her magic. When she created a cloth napkin for herself, she got hardly any attention. "Starting to wonder if tonight is a bust," she said.
She was playing with her drink, to the annoyance of a serving-wench, when she lost control of a spell. A gout of watered-down beer flung itself at a table halfway across the pub and splattered all over a platter of grilled pork. It dripped along the table and onto three patrons.
The largest of them rose from his table and seemed to keep rising like a mountain, his head brushing the low ceiling.
"You there, the mage! Get over here!"
Nusina said, "Snap out of it."
Ruyo had been stunned by her mistake. "How'd I do that?" she said, and reluctantly went toward the big man to apologize.
He said, "Look at what you've done! And my shoes!" His tough leather clothes were splattered with water and pork. His companions were mostly spared but one had spilled his drink too. The whole room was getting quiet.
Ruyo said, "I'm very sorry, sir! Let me buy you a new meal. I can even clean your clothes if you want."
Somebody snickered. "You picked the wrong target, girl."
"It was an accident!" Ruyo insisted.
The man had a nasty scar on his neck and at least two blades on his belt. His friends were also clearly not in the candy and toys business. "On your knees to apologize, for a start."
Ruyo held out her hands and said, "I'll just be going now."
In an instant, one of the other two grabbed for her.
Ruyo hopped backward and flung a splash of water at his face. But she stumbled against a table.
She should've run, but this creep was trying to humiliate her or worse. "Never attack a magic user!" she said, and conjured the might of an angry goddess to hurl a massive spray of water at him. Except the might of this angry goddess came out as a pathetic splash that barely even reached him. The quick man just laughed at her.
A one-eyed man hefted the ruined pork and tried to swat Ruyo with it, but she ducked and the ham-fisted attack whiffed.
A pair of nondescript men emerged from the crowd and went after the fast guy, but couldn't connect. Ruyo recognized one of them; Vissio had her back!
The leader didn't attack her outright. He just drew one of his knives, slid it slowly along his chin, and gave her a smile straight from hell. A drop of his own blood ran along the blade. Ruyo stood there frightened.
In the commotion, someone else had gotten banged around, and now a second brawl started. Several people fled but others joined in for fun.
Ruyo hurled someone's full tankard at the guy who'd tried to grab her. It struck him right in the face and sent him reeling, tripping backward to hit his head on a table. A basket of bread fell on him but he was too unconscious to care.
One-Eye was toying with her, abandoning the meat to jab at her with a chair instead. Unfortunately for her, she got her leg caught on a fallen barstool.
So when the leader came for her with his knife, she couldn't get away. She screamed -- and a splash of beer soaked the man from behind! He turned around, but the culprit was invisible Nusina. There was a terrified patron standing nearby at the bar, though. The gangster got the wrong idea, yanking him up onto the counter and hurling him along it to crash into other people's drinks.
The Vissio men weaved through the crowd to accost One-Eye. One of them got a hand on him but only managed to distract him.
As the brawl widened, the man who'd ridden the whole counter crashed into someone else like a spear, interrupting another duel. Two chairs came flying back in return.
The leader dodged one without even looking, and watched with satisfaction as it struck Ruyo in one arm. The other hit a Vissio man and knocked him free of One-Eye, but they kept tussling with him.
Ruyo saw her chance. She climbed onto a table, seized a big round tin platter, and leaped at One-Eye's blind side to smash the disc on him like a gong. He went down. One Vissio man put a foot on his chest. Just for show, Ruyo conjured a ball of water in one hand and shouted, "Who's next?"
The thugs' leader slowly put his knife away and said, "Not me, today. Some other night." He circled slowly toward the door, abandoning his men, and said, "I'll think of you fondly, miss. And of what I'll do with you."
The poor barkeeper swore and browbeat the rest of the fighters into settling down. Several of them fled to escape blame and payment. Ruyo caught her breath for a moment, rubbed her bruised arm, and caught the Vissios' eyes before heading out, herself. There was no way the kidnappers would risk getting caught when people were paying attention to the bar.
She'd taken three steps outside when somebody threw a bag over her head and yanked her off her feet.
Ruyo called out, but something in the bag had a cloying smell and it was hard to focus. She struggled weakly as someone, several sets of boots on the cobblestones, carried her off somewhere. Others were behind them, running too, but there was a bright flash.
Nusina called in her ear, "Wake up! You can --" But Ruyo couldn't follow whatever the nice voice was suggesting. She fell asleep.

4. Underworld

People were shouting. A man said, "Just walk away, Mother! We don't need you for this anymore."
"How dare you!" an old woman said. "I've been here since the beginning, and I think --"
"You only thought. I acted."
Ruyo's head spun. She mumbled, "Nu...?"
"I'm here," Nusina said, sounding distant. "You were poisoned."
She was in a dank stone room smelling of moss and old earth. Iron bars trapped her.
The spirit said, "I was out almost as long as you. I'm pretty sure these aren't the Khyber soldiers you talked about."
The arguing people had a local accent, and now that Ruyo could dimly see them in the distance, they wore robes. One stooped-over woman faced down a man with a pointed hood. Just silhouettes, lit by flame around a corner.
Ruyo whispered, "Is the missing boy here?"
"I was able to move around while you were waking up. I heard a child crying. But we've got another problem. You see that firelight? They've got an elemental."
Before Ruyo could answer, the old woman hobbled around the corner and into view. She smelled of flowers, and forced a smile onto her wrinkled face. "I'm sorry to put you through this, dear. An over-enthusiastic few people among our little circle insisted on getting more research."
Ruyo said, "For what, your pet fire creature?"
The lady's eyes widened. "You sense its power, eh?"
"I sense that you're in a great deal of trouble."
The man she'd been arguing with snorted with amusement as he followed her into the room. "Good morning, ma'am. You're a lucky find. You're going to help us better understand the deep secrets of magic."
The woman said, "But once we've gotten what we need, we'll be done with you, and you'll be free to --"
The man rushed her, and stabbed her. With a gurgle and a look of shock, she toppled to the floor.
Nusina echoed Ruyo's gasp. The lady's walking-stick wobbled and toppled toward the prison cell. The killer darted toward it and snatched it before Ruyo could, but she got a good look at his face. Sharp-featured, narrow, with deep hollow-looking eyes.
He said, "When we've got what we need, we will decide then if you're of any further use to us. Some people who've outlived their main use decide to be a bother, and then we have to remove them."
Ruyo cursed. "So you think a water expert will tell you how to control a fire elemental?"
He looked puzzled for a moment. "An 'elemental'? That's a good name for it, better than Mother's term. But you're not an expert, are you? You're a common street performer with a few unusual tricks -- and a talent for prophecy just now. Congratulations; you have a new job."
Ruyo fell quiet, waiting for his move. She'd been allowed to keep her clothes, but the pockets had been rifled through and she now lacked her knife, her money and the locator pendant.
He whistled, and two hooded figures marched in. They startled at the sight of the murdered woman. He told them, "Feed her to our pet. Well? Do it!"
They carried her away.
"Now then. Let's talk about magic theory. Everything you know about these elementals, how they're made, how they're steered."
Ruyo kept sullenly quiet.
"Oh, don't force me to get creative. I'd rather stick to just denying you food and water until you help, but one of those is obviously off the table. I could just mention that I have a second test subject I can interrogate instead."
"Bastard."
"No, I'm only an orphan, as of today."
Ruyo muttered, "Ideas?"
"What was that?" the man asked.
Nusina said, "If we have time unsupervised, you can break bars with freezing."
Ruyo looked away. "I said, I don't know what your idea is. But it won't work."
The spirit asked, "Wait, was that directed at me?" Ruyo shook her head no.
Her captor shrugged. In the background, the firelight grew brighter and its crackling noise became like a hiss and crunch, making her shudder.
The man stretched. "Well, I have other things to do. I'll check back later." He waved and walked away, one boot stepping in the puddle of blood he'd left.
Ruyo waited a minute before asking her companion, "Did Vissio's men find the place?"
"I doubt it," Nusina said. "There was a flash, and then I lost track."
"They took the pendant too. If we're lucky they stashed it nearby."
"We can't count on being rescued."
Ruyo nodded. The room held only her cell and a few barrels; it looked like part of an elaborate cellar. "Could I make a key?"
"Maybe, if you knew the exact shape."
"You know, you or I could probably pick locks with water."
"Neat idea, but you need to learn more fine control. That juggling act was sub-par."
Ruyo scowled. "I just watched someone get stabbed in front of me, Nusina!"
"Sorry, sorry! I thought you could do with some humor."
She sighed. "It's fine. But let's focus. Can you scout again, please?"
"Now that you're awake my range is better. Here goes."
Blood had seeped into the cell, outlining each stone of the floor. Ruyo pushed it away by magic, but it barely reacted to her power. While the spirit floated away, Ruyo studied the bars as well as she could in the dim light.
She couldn't find any weak points by jiggling things or scraping at the stonework. Her captors would never have to open the door if all they needed was information.
Nusina reported back, squeezing into the cell. "I didn't find the exit. The good news is that I did find Virid. He's in a cage like yours, poor thing. Only pebbles for company."
"What did you mean by freezing bars?"
"Freeze water around the metal, then melt it, over and over. Should weaken it, especially if the bars are hollow."
"They are."
"It'll still take patience, but you can do it. Water can defeat anything over time."
"Keys?"
"Oh! Yes, I saw them, but I can't just grab them. See the T intersection our captors came through? We're in the middle part, the fire elemental's on the left, and Virid's cell is off to the right. This place looks like it was a warehouse; maybe there's an elevator."
"A what?"
"Or... stairs."
"Why are they doing all this?" Ruyo asked.
The spirit curled in a shrug. "Learning magical secrets to get more powerful, and especially to tame a fire elemental they've somehow trapped in a runic circle. Beyond that I assume it's a bid to take over the city or something. Evil is usually pretty boring."
Ruyo listened for sounds of any guards approaching; maybe it was time to start in on the bars. "Some kind of enchanted ward is trapping the fire thing?"
"That's right. It might be able to snare me too; I'm not getting close enough to find out. Especially not with that thing in there, brr!"
"Could I give you some water to fling at it? Maybe get it mad and have it break free?"
"I fail to see how adding an enraged fire monster improves our situation."
"It could be a distraction, even if it doesn't break free. What else... Did you talk with Virid?"
"I didn't try."
"Do it, trying immaterial first and appearing if he can't see you. If you can avoid being spotted by anyone else. I'll start on the bars; can you keep a lookout for me too?"
"Here I go."
Alone again, Ruyo started creating water around the base of one bar and freezing it. She could sense the slight ebb and flow of her own energy as she changed the water again and again. Maybe that loss of control, earlier, had been the moment someone prayed back in the cave. That was a good sign, probably, that Tulia was all right.
"You look intent," Nusina said, coming back after a while.
"Just thinking that more and more people will be counting on us."
"That's the job, yeah. Virid is able to see me even in my usual state, so that's interesting. They've been starving him and beating him up to make him demonstrate how he makes tiny earth elementals."
Ruyo's fists clenched. "For starters, if I make some bread and water, can you float those over to him without any of us being caught?"
"Make a small roll and I should be able. I'm sure he'll scarf it down quickly."
Ruyo conjured one, and had Nusina levitate it on a watery cushion. Like Ruyo, her magic could handle water but struggled to lift anything else atop it. By the time Nusina returned, Ruyo had tried the bars again.
"Progress," Ruyo said, pointing to subtle warping of the metal's bottom edge. "But it'll take a while. Probably need to break it in two places but I can squeeze through after just one bar."
"We have bigger problems."
"One step at a time, droplet. Maybe breaking the stone beneath the bar would be easier? It's cracking a little."
"Yes; stone is more vulnerable to our charms in general. But don't make an obvious mess."
"Okay. Lookout?"
It was a good thing Nusina started keeping watch again, because she hurried into view minutes later to say "Those two guys are coming back!"
Ruyo did her best to hide the stone dust, and left her cutting tool as a puddle. Come to think of it, Nusina could probably inspect the barrels... but now the immediate problem was the pair of hooded cultists or whatever they were.
The two hooded ones walked into Ruyo's room and peered at her.
"What?" snapped Ruyo, unable to see their faces.
They turned away and kept going to the left, to the fire elemental's room.
"What're they doing? Follow them."
Nusina was already on it. Moments later she zipped back. "They're breaking the circle!"
"Why?! Never mind." She hurried back to work on the damaged bar.
Ruyo abandoned stealth and tried to weaken the bar's middle. "Can we grab Virid's cell key on the way out?"
"You can."
The two cultists ran down the hall past Ruyo's room. Behind them the firelight grew more intense and its noise crackled and hissed.
Nusina couldn't do much to the bars. Ruyo said, "Grab water and try to use that to grip the keys."
"I'll try," she said, sounding doubtful. She snagged a ball of water from Ruyo and flew off with it.
Ruyo strained at the metal, dividing her attention between brute force and rapid tricky spellcraft. She was wearing herself out physically and mentally. "Come on! I'm a goddess; I can't be beaten by a chunk of iron!" It was starting to wobble.
The once-trapped creature flowed into view at last. Its body was made of flame that flickered vaguely upward like fur standing on end. It had a piece of firewood in its mouth that it dropped, batted forward, and sprang on to bite again. Its teeth tore into the wood and snapped it in half, each side spraying embers. Then its sharp ears flicked and it turned its white-hot eyes toward Ruyo.
She summoned as much water to each hand as she could and started flooding the floor.
The elemental hissed at her. Ruyo said, "Yeah, mind your own business." Then she thought of the boy somewhere ahead. "Wait, no, check out my tasty wooden crates!" She tossed a ball of water at one to make it wobble, trying to draw the thing's attention.
The elemental padded into the room, but the floor was damp and it hesitated. Blood-tainted steam began to boil up from the stone.
Ruyo sweated. She called out, "How's it coming?" No answer. Ruyo cursed and focused again on the bar. Suddenly it gave way, bending loudly and snapping free at the bottom. Ruyo scratched one shoulder on the broken edge but scuttled out along the floor. She came up wet, bleeding, and face to face with a monster made of living fire.
Ruyo ran for one of the barrels, hoping to throw it into the beast's path.
Instead she misjudged the depth of her own puddles and crashed into the wall, hands first. Now the elemental's tail of cinders twitched and it crouched, ready to spring.
"Get back!" Ruyo said, and hurled gallons of water at it.
Where the attack would only annoy a human, it was agony to the monster, vaporizing chunks of its head and torso. It sprang desperately at Ruyo but stumbled, giving Ruyo just enough time to dodge and kick more water at it. Steam boiled up where it touched the floor. A stray swipe of one blazing paw caught Ruyo on the left leg and made her scream.
Ruyo ran for her life down the right side of the hallway. "Nusina, I hope you got those keys!"
"Almost!" she said. There was a similar room ahead, where a heavy metal keyring lay on the floor and Nusina was struggling to drag it along by flowing water past it.
Ruyo snatched the ring and looked up at the cell. A terrified boy in tattered, dirty nobleman's clothes was there, trying to get bits of gravel to move and help Nusina. When Ruyo suddenly held the keys instead, he looked up and met her eyes.
"Don't worry," she said, and tried a key in the heavy lock. Didn't work. The other turned slowly. Behind her, the elemental yowled. "Nusina, fend that thing off." She fed the spirit another ball of water.
The door opened and the kid ran out, hugging Ruyo. She patted his head and said, "We'll get you home. Which way is out?"
He pointed toward another door that had no lock. Ruyo pulled it, failed, and shoved.
Someone grunted. Ruyo blinked and peeked around it. The murderous cult leader was there, holding his nose where the door had banged him. "Sorry," Ruyo said by instinct, and shut the door on him. "Kid, is there another way?"
The leader banged on the door. Ruyo shoved it again, saying, "We're busy!" and hit him in the nose before shutting it again.
The elemental slipped into the room right past Nusina's attempt to play defense. Now the air grew hot and steamy and every object in sight had long dancing shadows.
Nusina bombed the creature with water, drawing its hate again.
Ruyo re-opened the door, saying, "Okay, fine, you can play with it." She let the kidnappers swarm into the room, three of them, and they immediately regretted it.
They sprang to either side to avoid a leap by the tormented monster. All three of them had long knives.
"Kid, run!" Ruyo said. He did, ducking and weaving past the cultists to reach the stairs. Ruyo tried to do likewise.
But a knife grazed her belly and only an accidental parry by the monster saved her from getting gutted. Just being near that thing was scorching them all. Ruyo said, "Why did you think this pet was a good idea?"
"We're the Inheritors of the Lost World! You fool; you've let a monster loose!"
"Wasn't my doing." She tried again to escape, using swipes of water to confuse the men and wound the monster.
She got grabbed and slammed into a wall, but it was just the right direction to slip away from the follow-up stab and get through the door. She turned back toward it and it slammed outward, striking her in the nose. "I earned that." She staggered ahead and up some stairs, flinging water behind her.
Nusina flitted after her, saying, "Freeze the door?"
"No time. Can we get out?" She panted for breath.
At the top of the stairs was an open door with daylight beyond. It showed another hooded figure, a woman who'd grabbed the boy and was holding a knife to his chest. "Don't take another step!"
Ruyo stopped and panted. "What... what do you want?"
"Put down your weapons and put your hands on your head!"
Ruyo held her hands behind her head, letting created water trickle down from each and drip along her neck. "I haven't got weapons. They need your help down there! They made me create a water creature and it's running amok! Even now it might -- look out!"
A hovering orb of water glowed and pulsed in the stairway, flying up. The cultist drew back in fear, and the kid elbowed her and wiggled free.
Ruyo dashed up the stairs and flung herself at the cultist, shouting obscenities. They crashed and fell to the ground, pummeling each other.
Nusina said, "Ruyo, stop it!"
She was right. Ruyo scrambled free, kicked uselessly at her enemy, and looked around.
This was a small courtyard with long stone benches. Ruyo had stepped out from the corner of a tall but narrow house surrounded by a low wall. She had no time to admire the architecture. Virid, the prisoner, was trying to get over the wall. Ruyo created some water, slapped it against the wall and froze it in place as a foothold. "There."
He stared at it for a moment, then kicked off it to scale the wall. Ruyo followed. Now they were... where was this? A slope with several nice homes, overlooking trees and a market. The Council Oak district, still!
Ruyo said, "Which way to your house?"
Virid said, "Here!" and started running. Ruyo followed. Nobody managed to catch them in time.
*   *   *
Ruyo lay on a cot in a sunlit room with a vase of flowers. She was bloodied, sore all over, burned and exhausted. A mage fussed over her with healing magic whenever he had a moment free from tending to young Virid in another room. Though the healer couldn't instantly patch Ruyo up, his attention was much better than bed rest alone.
"You'll be fine in a few days," he assured her. "Virid won't stop talking about you. Do you really have one of these elemental creatures, too?"
"Something like that. Can you see her?" Ruyo pointed to Nusina.
"No."
The spirit made herself tangible. "Hello!"
"So it's true! Ah, hello."
Nusina faded. Ruyo said, "Virid's apparently got real talent. I practically got handed my powers but he's had to work at them."
The doctor seemed unfazed. "Innate 'talent' is a bit of a sore subject with me. But it's interesting that you two can do something so unusual. And the fire beast; where did that one come from? Who controlled it?"
The two older Vissio brothers came in, and one spoke. "That, we don't know. But we have the Council's sanction to get to the bottom of it. That was a fairly important commoner family whose basement you raided, miss Ruyo."
"It needed remodeling."
The doctor excused himself. The Vissios said, "We have our brother back, and the Council thinks we did the city a favor by uncovering a..." He wrinkled his nose. "University."
"Is that what they were, then -- some intellectual secret society? One of them called his group 'Inheritors of the Lost World'."
"Seems so. Taking the old relics and ruins too seriously, and using them for who knows what."
The other brother said, "So. How can we repay you?"
Ruyo lay there feeling her every muscle ache. She'd been rehearsing what to say, but nothing sounded quite right. "Gentlemen, you know I can do magic that's said to be impossible. You've also met Nusina, who is something beyond even the basic elementals Virid is making or that horrible fire creature. As I said, my powers are based on people being willing to encourage me. So it would do me a world of good if you'd build a simple sculpture on your property and occasionally go there to... give thanks for what I did and what I might do. Speak, or pour out some cheap wine."
One brother frowned and the other guffawed. The first said, "A sculpture where people come to fawn over who it represents and hope their words will get miracles done for them! Do you realize what you're asking for?"
"I do," Ruyo said. "And before you laugh it off too, consider that I can already prove my powers, and I'll have more of them soon."
"This isn't Steadfast Church doctrine."
"I don't mean them any harm. And I don't think they explicitly rule this kind of thing out. They tolerate the Brotherhood people who don't want anyone to have magic."
"But you're pretending to be a god. That's ridiculous. You did one job for us and you're still in bandages."
"I descended into the underworld, battled a monster of living flame with my trusty guardian spirit, and rescued the innocent from the wicked." Ruyo grinned. "I'm also surprisingly decent in a bar fight. How about if you establish this... well, this shrine I'm asking for, and see if it's of any value to you?"
"Hmm. At the very least we could make it a nice sculpture for art's sake. A conversation piece. If we agreed, what exactly would you want it to be?"
"A waist-high structure at least, probably stone, with a little cleared space in front. The intent is more important than the exact design. Do you have particular shapes or images in mind?" Nusina had talked about mythos and suggested it was a mix of who Ruyo really was, and what people thought of her.
The brothers conferred with each other in low tones, then said, "We can come up with something tasteful. You shall have your shrine, miss Ruyo, and we'll humor you about... honoring you once in a while. We can't guarantee that it will do anything magical."
"I'll handle that part. Thank you, sirs!"
"Don't mention it. In fact it might be best to lay low or leave town for a little while, so we and the Council can sort out the kidnappers' cult. Wouldn't want to have too many at a time."
*   *   *
Ruyo recovered quickly from her injuries. She hadn't been badly hurt, the hired healer was effective, and Nusina said she could expect supernatural good health. Late on the second day she went to see Virid.
The kid was doing well too, often fussed over by his mother and by the brothers in their quieter way. Nusina had gone to visit him a few times and share stories. He sat up in bed now, reading. "Miss Ruyo! How are you?"
"Pretty good! Everything in my room smells like the orange trees in the garden."
Virid laughed. "I knew I was home when I smelled them again. Are you leaving?"
"I need to, yeah. But I'll come back to Averell before long."
He put his book aside and said, "It sounds like you want people to pray to you."
Ruyo winced. She'd agreed with the brothers that it wasn't an appropriate thing to ask from him. "You don't need to do anything. I would like to talk about the elementals, though."
Wide-eyed, he said, "Oh wow, that fire cat was scary! If I had a rock monster like that nobody would ever bother my family again. Or wind or water. Can you make them?"
"Not yet, but I plan to learn soon. If you could teach me how you do yours it'd help. Actually, maybe you could explain over dinner? Your brothers invited two wizards over to talk with me and they'll want to hear from you, too." Namely Quintus who was suffering without his slave's help, and that smith-mage from the college.
"Sure."
*   *   *
Ruyo rode west out of town with some woodworking tools, rope, and as much food as she could carry. The cave was, for now, her home.
Back on the road she kept watch for trouble. She rested at the village of Sor's Hill, then went onward. She was an hour out from the cave when she began to feel vague unease. She was about to spur the horse on, but paused instead and looked around. "Nusina, does something feel off?"
"Now that you mention it, yes. The shrine is intact though."
By silent agreement they decided the problem was southward, off the road. Ruyo gripped the reins tightly and sent Nusina as far ahead as she could go. The spirit returned and said, "It's terrible! Someone's been attacked!"
Ruyo rode toward the trouble until her horse shied away, alarmed. Ruyo dismounted and patted the mare. Beyond the treeline, a crater had opened in the earth, swallowing a wagon and several trees into a steep pit five paces deep. Ruyo's stomach churned at the sight of bones, only a few of them, and bloodspots and a smear leading... "Northwest. Toward the cave."
Nusina said, "I don't see anyone in here, alive or dead. Those are horse bones. But it feels like something magical was here. What, I don't know."
"What's in the wagon? Can you peek under that cloth?"
Nusina reported, "Looks like animal fodder and tree saplings."
Ruyo carefully climbed down and pulled out a double handful of alfalfa, a big bushy mass of fibers. She pulled a tarp loose and wrapped up more of the stuff, then struggled back out of the pit. Her horse had begun to retreat but she lured the mare back with some of the fodder. "We can deal with whatever happened here once we're back."
They returned due north to the road before heading for the cave again, since something likely lurked not far away. Ruyo kept glancing off to her left.
But they got home without trouble. Ruyo stood at the cave's mouth and called out, "Tulia?"
"Here!" she called back. "Wait." The woman came to the entrance and said, "I set up a tripwire and noise-maker; mind your step."
"I hope it was better than my attempt. How've you been?"
Tulia seemed to be in good condition for someone who'd been living alone in a cave after being used to city life. She had a few cuts on her arms and cheek. Beyond the tunnel the shrine-cave had become a permanent campsite with Tulia's blankets, a pile of belongings, and a crude stack of logs being used as a table. A simple chair and a straw pillow had appeared. Baris and his fiancee were playing cards.
Tulia said, "It's a change of pace, living on my own. Baris and Cydi here have been visiting, though, to keep me company and lend me a few things. What about you? And Nusina, are you there?"
Nusina appeared. "I am! We have a lot to tell you."
They ate together and retold what had happened on the last trip. Tulia laughed and covered her mouth as she listened, saying, "I did pray at around that time. I wonder if I caused that trouble at the bar."
"Not your fault," Ruyo said, blushing.
"I'm not apologizing! If you're going to collect magic energy from people, it's your job to handle it safely. Wish I could've seen the look on his face though."
"The thugs' leader? I hope never to see him again." Ruyo shook her head. "Baris, what do you know about this attack on the wagon?"
The ranger said, "It's my job to keep watch for these things. As soon as we're done here I'd like to go see the attack site, before it gets dark. I'd say it was some wild animal, but you mentioned magic. That would narrow it down to some of the nastier beasts, or human involvement."
Ruyo said, "Nusina, could something be attracted to this site by instinct?"
"Possibly, milady. There's that slight leak, you know. And mana is a power source for living creatures just as it is for elementals and spirits."
"I've been thinking about our next steps. We're due a second shrine, but this one needs to be defended at all costs right now. And even after the Vissios follow through I still don't want to lose this place. Do you think I can start creating elementals of my own and having them guard the place so I'm not leaning on our friends here for protection?"
Nusina bobbed up and down. "Now that you've practiced and learned more about the theory and have a few people backing you, I think so. They'll be weak outside of a shrine, but that's fine for your purposes."
"Then let's get on that, after going with Baris."
*   *   *
Baris looked grim as he inspected the wreck. "I don't recognize clear signs of what did this, and that worries me. The wagon didn't just blunder into a pit, I think; it landed backwards, like the hole opened under it. I'm actually reassured by the blood trail."
"What? Why?"
"Whatever was here, eats. Which also probably means it bleeds if you stab it."
*   *   *
Over the next day, Ruyo trained with Nusina. At first she had to focus her magic in exactly the right spot of the shrine, just to get a pathetic water-orb that could be defeated in battle by a thirsty dog. Ruyo slowly learned how to let go of her magical grip after creating it, providing a sliver of power that let it act on a simple command like "patrol" or "attack".
Baris was the only follower around at the moment. He had a good time cleaving the things in half each time Ruyo was ready to cast the spell again. But he turned to roughly where Nusina was and said, "I feel a little guilty with you watching."
"These ones are mindless, and you can't kill me with your mortal blade. So nyah."
Baris grew more serious. "Ruyo, though?"
Ruyo took a wary step back. "I'm told it's possible... why?"
Nusina put in, "Her power will not go to someone that kills her."
Baris said, "I ask because it sounds like if you keep growing, you'll eventually stop being stabbable. I don't want to hurt you; don't worry about that. I'm just thinking there's a point of no return."
Ruyo said, "My powers come from other people's support. So if I do get that powerful, it'll be because I won people over."
"Or you scared enough of them into obedience."
Nusina said, "Baris, Ruyo won't do such a thing!"
The ranger shrugged. "I'll pray that she doesn't. Literally."
*   *   *
Ruyo conjured a hovering mass of icicles that could sense and skewer an intruder with regenerating icy blades. It was only the size of her head but could lurk on the ceiling and drop into battle against anyone not known as a Ruyo worshiper or guided by one. Having two of those installed and ready to defend the shrine was as much magical defense as Ruyo could manage for now. Outside of the cave she could still only manage to make a puny water-ball as an independent servant.
Ruyo said, "It's very much not a spell to detect evil, or bad intent."
Tulia said, "Oh mighty wizard, may I suggest a locked door?"
"I thought of that, yes." Ruyo rummaged through her pack and pulled out a simple iron lock, hinges, and a set of woodworking tools. "If I can figure out how to make a door from conjured wood, I can at least have that basic defense before anyone runs into the... what are we calling them?"
Nusina had won the naming rights to the elementals in a card game, with the cards handled for her by Tulia. "Glittering Foebound Quills."
With Baris and his fiancee gone for the day (she'd forbade Baris to go more than two rounds with the Quills), Tulia had Ruyo's attention to herself. She said, "Quintus will be wanting me back."
"I think he's slowly going mad without you."
"But I don't want to belong to him! Nor even you. What if I simply ran off?"
Ruyo said, "I couldn't really blame you. But being the respected slave of somebody important gives you wealth and influence you wouldn't have as a vagabond."
Tulia nodded and paced the cave. "Nusina has no choice about working for her mistress. In a way that's easier than having the power to try rebelling."
Nusina said, "I have power too, by guiding Ruyo. And she's harder to steer than your master."
Ruyo snorted.
Tulia paused in her circling path. "A goddess ought to have some sort of righteous cause, shouldn't she? Something more than handing out free breakfast and scrap metal."
"I suppose...?"
"Well, I don't want to simply run away from my job. I want to end slavery in Averell."
Ruyo said, "That's a tall order, Tulia!"
"But I'm going back there, and I'll be able to serve as a priestess who will consecrate the first modern shrine of Ruyo. Which means I have the backing of a goddess for this good cause." Her smile was like a shark's. "Don't I?"
"Why this in particular?" Ruyo said. "I can start teaching people magic; I can learn to heal the sick; I could repair ships."
"Those things are good, and I hope that you do them in time. And I don't expect you to stomp into the city, lay down a commandment, and slay all who oppose it. But if someone asks your opinion on selling men and women at market, I'd hope you'd start pushing the idea that it's evil. One step at a time."
"Mythos," Ruyo muttered. "Excuse me. I need to speak with Nusina privately."
"No, I want to hear your opinion, not some carefully prepared response."
Ruyo's eyes narrowed. "You can ask, but you can't tell me how to answer. Excuse me." She flicked one hand to open the hidden door at the cave's rear wall, marched through, and sealed it again.
Nusina, immaterial, spoke silently to Ruyo. "It's a dangerous thing she's asking for, milady. There are a dozen causes I could suggest standing for, and I barely know anything about the modern world yet. If slavery is a powerful institution, taking a stand against it will befriend some people but anger others."
Ruyo sat on the ledge overlooking the ancient well, next to some small boxes of valuables from her abandoned cart. "Everything I own is here, and my life depends on protecting this place and building other shrines for backup. If you find a magic sword you might feel obligated to use it for something heroic, but that does not obligate you to let anyone else decide what that is!"
Nusina floated in the open space in front of Ruyo. "Is Tulia's cause a good one?"
"Opposing slavery? I suppose. It's not right to sell people. But there are ways of earning your freedom, and some people get enslaved as a punishment or because they were conquered in war. I'm trying to imagine a society without that and it seems like there might be a lot more killing." Ruyo looked down into the well. "Did the ancient era figure out a solution?"
"I'm sorry, but I don't know. I think there were slaves of some kind. Remember that the language I once used is long gone, so the words I use now might not mean the same thing." The spirit paused. "I vaguely recall people signing up for it."
Ruyo raised one eyebrow. "Why? No, you wouldn't know. But I can guess it was about debts and responsibilities. Give and take."
Nusina said, "What debts are you willing to take on, for what gain?"
Ruyo bumped the back of her head gently against the metal wall. "What I'm getting is the help of Tulia, who I didn't expect to start making big demands. But as she says, I'm also suggesting she should be my priestess in Averell. It's tough to ask that of her without offering more than some improvised payment in trade goods."
"Don't let her push you around, though. If you're giving her any power or authority you have the right to set boundaries on it."
Ruyo thought. "You may be on to something. I'm not in any position to change laws, even if I were confident enough to try. But a good merchant knows something about selling ideas." She tried running one by Nusina.
When they were done talking, Ruyo opened the door upstairs and got Tulia's attention. Ruyo stamped the floor and conjured a ball of water around one fist. She said unto Tulia: "No gift of Ruyo shall be used to keep people chained, save as just punishment. Spread the word, phrased exactly so, and people will start to think my help depends on finding alternatives to slavery. That even ties in with what I've done so far."
Tulia looked intimidated. "Can you withdraw your 'gifts'?"
"No, I can't yank a piece of iron out of a shackle-maker's hands or make someone forget a spell I gave her. Unless I get a lot more specialized skill, according to Nusina. So some of this is theatrics. But I can have people quote that motto about what I want, and see what influence that starts to have."
"I... I would have to explain," Tulia said.
"Uh-huh. And if you agree to be a priestess that'll be your job. You can say I think slavery's wrong and we ought to find ways to stop doing it. But if I start hearing 'official' statements that I back a particular law or support criminals raiding the slave-pens, that's going to be a problem. Got it? Don't make me risk my life when I barely know what I'm doing yet and have no divine right to take over."
The slave had gone pale, nodding mutely.
"Still want the job?"
"Um. Yes."
Ruyo tossed her spell aside and relaxed her stern pose. "Just so we understand. We still friends?"
Tulia hesitated but said, "I hope so."
"Me too."
*   *   *
Tulia had ridden off to Averell, with Baris for escort part of the way. The ranger's soon-to-be wife dropped off some venison and took a dozen iron nails Ruyo had been cranking out. "Interesting that they don't show the marks of a smith's hammer."
Ruyo examined one. "I hadn't thought about that. I sort of picture an ideal nail but don't know much about alloys. A baker mentioned my magic biscuits aren't up to his standards -- why are you laughing?"
"Magic biscuits. What a basis for a religion."
Ruyo snorted, then joined in. "I had to start somewhere!"
"So what's next? Make them by the dozen? Or focus on water itself?"
"Nusina's keeping a to-do list. Get the new shrine running. Help Baris investigate the beast skulking around here. Get enough skill and power to start granting others access to magic. More shrines. Get a deed to this land without drawing unwanted attention. Try to win support from the Steadfast Church and the Averell nobles once they realize what I am. Figure out how to build an actual door and a bed. And..." Ruyo blushed.
"Hmm?"
The goddess tapped her fingers together and looked aside. "I've been meaning to ask you, Nusina, but things kept coming up. Do you think you could teach me, well, how to swim?"
The guardian spirit manifested as a hovering wave that swirled in astonishment. "WHAT?!"

Author's Note

Thanks for reading! Ruyo's power depends on offerings (sales) and praise (reviews), so please consider spreading the good word!
This story was a fun experiment: written partly by the whims of dice and cards. I'd been wanting to try a roleplaying game with a very powerful hero, and was browsing several rule systems others had designed. I came up with a combination I could play solo, and write about while playing it. The mix included "Godbound", a game about divine heroes; "Fate Condensed", a generic simple system focused on narrative over numbers; and "Gamemaster's Apprentice (GMA)", a set of cards packed with words and symbols for running a semi-random adventure. I ended up using the first one mainly for its tables of ideas about characters and communities, not the lists of powers. That was a crucial decision: using Fate-based rules meant that my heroine started off with just three minor "stunts" (which I ended up not using all of) and no higher stats than a standard novice adventurer. Would've gone very differently if I'd given her beginner Godbound powers like "crush everything in a 20-foot cube with ocean pressure"! However, the Godbound random-generator tables led to developments like there being foreign troops in the city and a magic cult on the loose. And a room with some kind of broken device that "harms local entities", glows, and "fails at the worst possible time".
My favorite bit of using GMA happened when I'd decided Ruyo was going to get kidnapped as bait. I insisted that the story go that way so that the plot arc wasn't a bust, but let randomness decide how it went down and whether it worked. So she went into a bar, and I wanted to know the circumstances of how she found trouble. I drew three cards, looked at various word-combinations and symbols, and laughed. The following bits stood out: "Beverages. Magic amplifies. Injure distant food. Strengthen brazen rage. Fix disappointing foreigner." I then spent a point as the gamemaster to randomly make the situation worse. Rolled on a Godbound table, and saw the angry man's role: "Gang leader." So I then wrote some stats for him and the henchmen, used Fate's rules to push Ruyo into getting angry and not running, and played out a brawl without knowing who'd win.
And then a bit later, I asked the cards, what does Ruyo see when waking up? "Execute advanced relative. Exhaust ancient resource. Antagonize unfair mother." Yeesh. Dice, tell me about the cult! "Defensive relics. Sealing away a terrible power." And where are those cultists going? "Confuse diabolical defense. Alter gaudy container. Defeat arcane trap." So all three sentences, in the context I'd established, pretty much told me "they unseal the fire beast". No, the random elements aren't always useful. But pretty often they provide an interesting challenge to explain, or an unexpected answer to a question. When I did scenes that used little or no random input, it was because interesting things had emerged for me to build on! If you have any interest in trying a similar game, I also recommend the system "Mythic" or its "Mythic Game Master Emulator".
I'd love to see what happens next! If Ruyo gets enough followers among readers, that will power more of her adventure in story form.
Want to see more fantasy and science fiction? Check out "Striking Chains" for a high fantasy story, and the "Thousand Tales" series beginning with "Virtual Horizon" for optimistic, near-future stories of AI, games, immortality, and freedom.

About the Author

Kris Schnee has been a parrot trainer, an MIT graduate, a zoo intern, a lawyer, a game designer, and most recently a software developer. He lives in Florida.

Galleries and Contacts:

http://www.amazon.com/Kris-Schnee/e/B00IY1HDDY/
(Amazon author page)
http://kschnee.deviantart.com
http://kschnee.xepher.net
Discord (Snow#5044)
Twitter: @KrisSchnee
Gab: @KrisSnow
Mail: kschnee at xepher.net

Interested in hearing about new books by the author, and commentary on writing and world-building? Sign up for a mailing list at http://eepurl.com/cRvqWH.

See next page for more works by me!

The Crafter Series
Crafter's Passion
Crafter's Heart
The Thousand Tales Series
Virtual Horizon
Liberation Game
Thousand Tales: Extra Lives
Fairwind's Fortune
The Digital Coyote
Thousand Tales: Learning To Fly
Queen Of Nowhere: A LitRPG Adventure
Thousand Tales: Side Quests
2040: Reconnection
Thousand Tales: The Great Sage
Freelance Minion
The Wavebound Series
Wavebound Sanctum
Wavebound Mentors
Wavebound Relics
Wavebound Tapestry
Also By Kris Schnee
Everyone's Island
Striking the Root
Dragon Fate: Interactive Fiction
Perspective Flip
Mythic Transformations
Tales of Kitsune
Fateweaver's Quest
Striking Chains
God In a Bottle: Stories Of Exploration
Tower of Sol: A GameLit Novella
The Dream of Aveire
America's Crusade: The Barbary Pirate Wars
