The Order of Human Purity
Werewolf Bane
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2018 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to my wife, Tammy, for her help with the cover.


Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Epilogue

Introduction
Long ago, werewolves ruled the world and were protected by their faithful guard, the lamia. In a time when humans were considered a lesser species, an act of kindness sparked a war that continues to this day.
Although the lamia were sworn protectors of the ruling werewolves, they were also responsible for protecting all sentient life. A group of lamia realized that humans were much more than beasts to be raised as food, and a few of the wisest lamia took some of the humans and taught them to speak.
Years later the humans, accompanied by a faction of lamia, attacked the monster capitol and a civil war began. The war raged on for decades and when the dust settled the human faction, named The Order of Human Purity, was successful in liberating all the humans of the world. But the humans were resentful and overthrew their one time allies. Soon the age of monsters came to an end, bringing about the age of mankind.
To this day The Order still hunts the remaining monsters in its bloodthirsty quest to rid the world of these vile beasts.

Chapter 1
Jeremy Sindel coughed as he laid in the grassy field, in the middle of a large forest, somewhere in Washington. He was not alone in this forest. All around him lay the bodies of Order soldiers. Jeremy’s black hair was trimmed neatly just like the other soldiers he had killed. He’d been shot multiple times, and his life was fading quickly. He knew his death would be soon but took comfort in the fact that he had saved his daughter, Amanda. His ten-year-old daughter was hiding in a secluded house a little over a hundred feet from him, and she didn’t even know her father was dying. Jeremy ripped off The Order badge from his uniform and threw it in defiance. He yelled in frustration, then began coughing. Blood covered his hands as he tried to stifle the cough, and he knew what he had to do.
“MIRAVEN!” he yelled as loudly as he could. His Hispanic accent was thick. His parents weren’t originally from the United States, and he had picked up his accent from them. He regretted the mistakes he’d made over his life, joining The Order and all the innocent non-humans he had killed, but the one mistake he didn’t regret was Amanda. Her mother thought she couldn’t have children, but she was wrong. When the baby came, she took off without saying a word, leaving him to care for Amanda on his own.
In a few seconds, a small Middle Eastern woman in a long black dress walked up to him. Her long dark hair, that curled slightly, went nearly to her waist. Her sharp features and dark skin made her look very beautiful in the moonlight.  He watched her walk carelessly through the bloody battlefield as she surveyed it then, when she reached Jeremy, she smiled down at him.
“You’ve made a mess,” she laughed.
“I’m not going to make it. You have to watch over Amanda,” he pleaded.
“Oh, no. Not a chance in hell! I can’t be responsible for her. I told you this would happen,” Miraven argued angrily.
Miraven looked at one of The Order soldiers who wasn’t quite dead. She walked up to him as he crawled away. When he saw who was coming toward him, he tried to crawl faster.
“Leave me alone!” he shouted.
“Are you ready to die? It will be painless. Just say the words,” Miraven taunted.
“I won’t say them,” he said. “I’m going to radio for help. The girl won’t make it out of the forest, and you can’t do a thing about it.”
Miraven looked at her small hand and long curved claws, nearly six inches in length, came out of her fingertips. She calmly bent over and cut the man’s throat then smiled evilly at his fearful expression.
“I can’t take your life force without permission, but I can, sure as hell, kill you. You were going to kill a child,” she said and started walking back to Jeremy, whose life was fading.
“Please, Miraven,” he begged.
“I just saved her. She’ll be fine on her own. No one will even know she is in this forest,” she said with a smirk.
“I, Jeremy Sindel…” he started.
“Don’t you dare!” Miraven shouted.
“…give my life to the wraith Miraven…” he continued.
“Shut up, Jeremy! Don’t you do this!” she ordered.
“…in exchange for a favor,” he finished.
Miraven screamed at the sky as an invisible force pulled her to her knees beside him. Her face turned pale white, along with her hair. Her eyes hollowed, and long needle-like teeth appeared in her mouth.
“What favor do you ask of me?” she asked in a deep voice, almost in a trance.
“You must protect my daughter until she finds her true love,” Jeremy replied weakly.
“It will be done,” Miraven answered then bent over his body and kissed him on the lips. As his life force drained into her, she changed back to her human form, and her eyes glowed bright white. When Jeremy was completely drained, she got up and stomped her feet.
“Damn it, Jeremy!” she said angrily and began walking toward the cabin. “I shouldn’t be within a hundred miles of her and now…I have to find her a boyfriend? Grrrrr! Stupid humans!”
This was the story Miraven told to a young Amanda Sindel every day of her childhood. It became ingrained in her personality. That fateful day her father gave up everything for her, and it shaped her future as well as her almost naïve belief that all men should be like her father. This was a consequence Miraven hadn’t considered…or maybe…it was exactly what Miraven intended.
Chapter 2
Many years later, Amanda Sindel unlocked her apartment door and walked in. She shut the door, chained it, then turned the deadbolt. She was now twenty-four and several states from where she had been raised. Her apartment was small but neat. In the living room was a couch, a TV on top of a small table and a high backed chair. The room next to it was the kitchen, with its pristine counters and clean appliances. Then, off to the side of the kitchen was a short hallway that led to Amanda’s bedroom. Right before the hall was a door which led to the bathroom. Although her apartment was much smaller than where she had grown up, it was all hers, a fact that filled her with pride. When she left the house in the woods at sixteen, she could barely imagine having a place like this.
As she turned around, she noticed her roommate. He crossed the tan, shag carpet and Amanda bent down to pet him.
“Hi, Mittens. I’ve missed you,” she said to the eight-week-old kitten. Her tuxedo kitten purred and circled her legs. “You just know its supper time.”
Amanda didn’t have an accent as thick as her father’s, but if someone listened closely enough, they could tell. Her light brown skin and facial features also told a story about her father’s parents, who had come over from Cuba. She didn’t know much about them and the little she did know had come from background checks she had done when she became a U.S. Marshal. Even though the system had so little information on her grandparents, it was her father who was the mystery. He had a birth certificate and a social security number, but that was all. No school records, no medical records, not even a registration with the Selective Service. It was as if her father had vanished after his birth.
Amanda wasn’t a tall woman at five foot four, and she attributed this to her parents and grandparents. Though she knew even less about her mother than she did her father, she did know a few details. Her mother had apparently been even shorter than she was. She didn’t have a clear picture of her mother, but what she did know seemed to line up with what she saw in the mirror each day. Long, dark hair with a hint of curls and sharp facial features. Her mother must have been a very beautiful woman. She’d seen pictures of her father and knew she must have taken after her mother. The thought made her laugh quietly as she led the kitten to the kitchen. How strange that her father, the good parent, wasn’t very attractive yet the mother who left her must have been gorgeous. Not that Amanda was vain, she just wasn’t blind, and she looked nothing like her father.
She continued on to the kitchen while Mittens raced her, then jumped up on the counter. She opened a can of cat food while it stared on in anticipation. After feeding her kitten, she took off her U.S. Marshal’s jacket and tossed it on the chair. Next, she unbuttoned her shirt, removed it, and tossed it on top of the jacket. Underneath she wore a black tank top. She pulled the ponytail holder out, and her long wavy hair fell over her shoulders.
“I’m going to have a shower. Want to play that new shooter when I get out?” she asked the kitten, and he meowed back as if he was responding. “No. I’m taking a shower first. The game can wait,” she said. The kitten hopped down from the counter and circled her legs again. “Just give me five minutes, ok?” she asked.
She kicked off her shoes then undid her belt and let her uniform pants fall to the ground. After she stepped out of them, she made her way across the small apartment to the dark bathroom. When she looked back, Mittens was already curling up in her discarded pants.
“You little bugger. I’m going to have cat fur all over them now,” she said with a grin. “But I guess it’s my fault for putting them on the floor.” She turned and flipped the switch to the bathroom, and the lights came on.
“HOLY SHIT!” she exclaimed when she saw the small Middle Eastern woman in a long, flowing white dress, sitting on her bathroom counter. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack, Miraven?!”
“Sorry, darling. Your miniature tiger hates me, so I’m hiding in here,” she said, pushing out her bottom lip.
“Really?” Amanda asked with condescension. “He’s like three inches tall. And he doesn’t even look like a tiger,” she chastised as she found a towel from the small closet and put it on the towel rod.
“He did that thing,” Miraven said.
“What thing?” Amanda asked while looking through one of the drawers for some shampoo. “I swear, I bought a new bottle yesterday.”
“He did that growling thing when I touched him,” she said sheepishly.
“He’s purring. It means he likes you,” Amanda replied absentmindedly while pulling out drawers. She couldn’t find the bottle. She sighed then turned to Miraven. “You look pretty today.”
“I figured since I was gone for four months, I should dress up for our reunion,” she replied. “Speaking of useless mammals.” Miraven had a devious look on her face, and Amanda knew what was coming.
“Todd and I are done,” she announced before Miraven could get her jabs in.
“Why is that?” Miraven prodded with a knowing grin on her face.
“You know why…you were right about him too,” she sighed. Miraven was always right about guys. Which was a little disturbing since Miraven was a figment of her imagination. Did Amanda secretly know these men would lie and cheat? What did that say about her? Was she sabotaging her relationships on purpose?
“Did this one lie or cheat?” Miraven asked with a self-satisfied smile.
“Both,” Amanda replied angrily. “You know Janine? What am I saying? You’re in my head. Of course, you know Janine. Well, he tried to sleep with Janine. He told me he was going to his mother’s for dinner, but he really went to a conference where Janine was speaking. I’m just glad Janine is more honest than the men I seem to find. I probably wouldn’t have found out.”
“Honestly…your taste in men is horrible,” Miraven said, losing her smug attitude. “Let me set you up!” Her enthusiasm surprised Amanda.
“How are you going to do that? You’re in my head. An imaginary friend I made up when my dad died and left me alone in that cabin. How are you going to set me up with a guy?” Amanda asked.
“To start with, your idea of a cabin was a two-story house in the middle of the woods, and I’ve told you a million times. I’m not in your head, and I’m not imaginary. I’m as real as you are.” Miraven reached out and grabbed Amanda’s arm.
Amanda pulled her arm back quickly.
“Quit that! It creeps me out! I’m not that insane. I don’t want to feel my imaginary friend. Well, maybe I am that insane,” she said dejectedly. “Oh wait…” she said with a devious smile. “If you’re not imaginary, then why hasn’t anyone ever seen you? Hmm? Answer that one,” she said smugly then noticed the shampoo in the shower. “How the hell did it get in there?”
“Sorry, dear I took a shower,” Miraven replied. “And most humans can’t see me. They’re too afraid. Unless they know about our world, their mind refuses to believe I exist. I am a little frightening.”
Amanda stared at her companion crossly then a smile spread.
“That is exactly how my mind would rationalize it. I’m some mysterious monster…” she started, but Miraven interrupted.
“Non-human. Monster sounds so ugly,” she said.
“Fine. I’m some mysterious non-human, so I can see you but no one else can. It’s the perfect rationalization so my mind can keep you around.” She turned around and sounded sad as she continued. “I really thought you were gone this time. You’ve never been gone that long before.” Truthfully, she had missed her imaginary friend. Though she wouldn’t admit it to anyone, Miraven was the one person she could always count on…even if she was imaginary.
“I’m sorry, dear. I had another project that needed my direct attention,” she sighed.
“Oh, geez. Don’t give me that. Next, you’re going to remind me that you made an oath to my father and you can’t leave until I find my true love. Exactly what an orphan girl would tell herself to avoid the fact that her mother abandoned her and her father died.” Amanda turned to Miraven, who looked strangely sad. “And then to top it all off. My father was a heroic man who gave his life to protect his non-human daughter from evil soldiers who wanted to kill her. It’s just too perfect. I’m nuts.” She threw her hands in the air, then pulled off her remaining clothes and stepped into the shower.
“It’s true, dear, but for your sake, I hope you can continue to believe your crazy until the day I leave,” Miraven said with even more sadness.
“Why are you so depressed?” Amanda asked, popping her head out of the shower. “You’re in my head. Am I depressed and can’t deal with it?” She pulled her head back in and wet her hair then put in some shampoo.
“No, dear,” Miraven replied.
“Ah ha!” she exclaimed and stuck her shampooed head out of the curtains. “Then, what am I? Huh? Got an answer for that one? What kind of non-human am I?” She waited as shampoo dripped on to the tile floor.
“I won’t tell you that. I’m going to make sure you have a happy life and die without ever changing into that…thing,” Miraven replied, almost angrily.
Amanda pulled her head back inside and sighed.
“I’m arguing with myself about being a non-human, but I haven’t even come up with what I am? I really am nuts. How the hell did I pass the psych-eval?” Amanda asked rhetorically and started rinsing out the shampoo.
“You’re avoiding your feelings with Todd,” Miraven stated, trying to get Amanda to talk about anything else. Amanda wasn’t nuts but the longer they talked about it, the more convinced Amanda became. Once, when she was sixteen, right after she insisted on leaving the house in the woods, she talked about checking herself into a mental institution. Eventually, Miraven talked her out of it, but it had come up a few times since, and Miraven wasn’t in the mood to argue with Amanda about this topic right now.
Amanda stopped her rinsing and stood in the running water, letting it run over her face. Miraven was right again. She was angry and hurt. Todd had been perfect. Well, the version of Todd he let her see was perfect. Amanda punched the shower wall then pulled back her fist and cradled it.
“Damn it! Even after we break up, he still hurts me.” She sounded like she was about to cry.
“You didn’t break up. You dumped the cheating bastard,” Miraven offered.
Amanda started to growl like an angry woman ready to do something stupid yet gratifying.
“I’m going to show up at his office with a fake warrant! I want to see the look on that asshole’s face when I tell him Janine is charging him with sexual harassment.” Amanda laughed and pulled the wet hair out of her eyes. “I bet I can get Janine to go along with it. Maybe she’ll come with me. Oh man, that’s good. I’m evil.”
“How about you take some time to think about it? Get away for a while and forget about Todd.” Miraven suggested.
“What did you have in mind?” Amanda asked.
She felt stupid asking her imaginary friend for advice, but perhaps this part of her brain was smarter about men. Who was she kidding? This part of her brain was a lot smarter about men. Her luck with men was nothing short of horrifying. Every single one of them either lied, cheated, or both. It was as if she wanted to be hurt by them.
“They’re asking for volunteers to collect out of state prisoners and transfer them to their hearings. Maybe you should do that for a while? Quit hanging around the same town Todd is in and just live on the open road for a while.” Miraven sounded very convinced that this would solve her problems.
“What would I do with Mittens?” Amanda asked.
“We could always eat it for supper,” Miraven said with a laugh.
“Ewww. He’s a cat. That’s disgusting,” Amanda replied, now laughing. She knew Miraven was joking. Well, the part of her brain that manifested Miraven was joking.
“Give it to Janine,” Miraven said seriously.
“Hmm, that’s a good idea. Janine is almost as lonely as I am. She could use the company, and he’s already house trained.” Amanda stepped out of the shower, unembarrassed and stood in front of Miraven.
“I think that sounds like a very good idea,” Amanda said.
Miraven grabbed the towel and handed it to Amanda.
“Cover up, please. It makes me very uncomfortable talking to you without clothes on,” she said, looking at the ceiling.
Amanda laughed forcefully.
“I’m embarrassed to look at myself naked? Oh man, I have problems,” Amanda said while drying off on her way to the bedroom.

Chapter 3
Amanda stretched as she got out of her unmarked car and looked at the North Dakota sunset. She had to admit, Miraven had been right, and the beautiful sunset was the icing on the cake. The last two weeks had been relaxing, and she had mostly forgotten her anger toward Todd. She hadn’t even had to wear her uniform. The blue jeans and black tank top she was allowed to wear were very comfortable. Even driving for hours on end seemed peaceful and serene compared to the life she had led before. No chasing criminals, getting shot at, to be fair it had only happened once, but mostly no Todd!
Amanda pulled on a blue button-up shirt over her tank top. The air was getting chilly but not enough to require her to button it. On her belt were her badge and handgun, although, she hadn’t even had to pull it out the entire trip. That in itself was relaxing.
When Amanda entered the sheriff’s station, the young man behind the counter gave her a look…a look she knew quite well. His blonde hair and blue eyes, coupled with his masculine frame were appealing, but she was on this trip to forget about men. Besides, she was here to pick up a prisoner who needed to be in Washington State in three days. It wouldn’t be too difficult, but she also didn’t feel like driving all night to make her deadline, nor did she feel like hurrying. She felt like this was almost a vacation, and most of her prisoners didn’t mind stopping at landmarks and new places to eat along the way. In fact, a few of them had gotten quite friendly with her. Telling her about how they had messed up and about their families.
The blonde deputy looked at her with lust in his eyes as she pulled open her shirt and showed him the badge.
“U.S. Marshall Amanda Sindel. I’m here to transfer Eric Bane,” she said sternly, but the man wasn’t dissuaded.
“We have a top-notch hotel in town here. Why don’t you take a load off and pick him up in the morning?” He leaned in and smiled. “You might be surprised at the top quality cuisine we have here. We’re not big but…” Amanda interrupted.
“Let me just stop you there, sparky,” she said condescendingly. She grabbed the ring that was fastened with a chain around her neck and held it up. “Married.”
Amanda often used this tactic to avoid rambunctious men. In truth, the ring belonged to her father. Anyone who looked closely enough would notice it was far too big to fit her finger. Now if she could just remember to use the ring when she met a man like Todd. It was easy to tell the ones who wanted a one night stand. The charming ones, the one’s offering something more, were harder to figure out and harder to turn down.
“Sorry, miss,” the attractive man replied.
She almost felt bad. He probably would have been an interesting way to spend the night, but she was on a vacation from men. If she hadn’t been, she would have slept with the sheriff at the last pick up. He was more her type. A rough-looking, muscular man who was sure of himself. His dark hair and soulful brown eyes would have been a nice sight to wake up to.
“What’s your name, deputy?” she asked, feeling guilty for her abrupt shutdown of the man.
“Deputy Adam Gile,” he replied, his crushing rebuttal evident on his face.
“Let me give you some tips, Officer Gile. Next time look for a ring first and don’t make it so obvious. Ask her out to dinner. Skip the glowing recommendation about the hotel. Mentioning the hotel first is a little…stalkerish,” she said with a laugh.
Adam walked around the counter and led the way to the cells. He looked embarrassed, so she patted him on the shoulder as they walked.
“You should also make sure she’s not on the job,” Amanda laughed again.
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied.
“You don’t get to call me ma’am. You’re my age,” she said while she followed the downtrodden deputy as he led the way.
“I was referring to your position, not your age,” he said, loosening up a little.
“I’m not your boss. If you want to be respectful, call me Marshal Sindel,” she said, flashing him a caring smile. “Never call a woman ma’am unless she’s way older than you or your superior. I’m neither.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, Marshal Sindel,” he replied, and his smile returned.
“See? That sounds so much better.” Her smile left, and she forced an emotionless expression on her face while she looked at her next prisoner.
Amanda felt that getting the prisoner captor relationship off in a professional manner was critical when transporting dangerous men from one place to another. She was in charge, she was not their friend, and if they wanted to make it with the same amount of bruises they started with, they had better listen to her. The few prisoners she had been friendly with, had earned that right.
“Hands behind your back prisoner,” Deputy Gile said sternly. “Your ride is here.”
The man was looking down as he stood then turned his back to the bars, put his hands behind his back and backed up. He was either not new to being in prison or had been given instructions prior to her arrival.
“What’s the deal with him?” she asked as she handed Adam her paperwork.
Adam looked at the paperwork and nodded.
“I guess this doesn’t really say why he’s in prison does it?” he asked.
“Nope. Just pick up here, transport there. I’m supposed to treat them all like murderers and keep them locked up tight,” she replied.
“Well then, I guess that’s a good thing because he actually is a murderer. Beat a man to death and won’t say why,” Adam said. He turned to the cell and stuck his hands through the bars while holding a pair of handcuffs. “Don’t move. I’m putting cuffs on you so you can be transferred for your trial.”
“So, he killed a man in Washington and decided to hide here?” Amanda asked skeptically.
“I told you we have some top-notch cuisine,” he said with a laugh.
“Yes, you did,” she replied with a smile.
Amanda looked over her newest prisoner while Adam secured the cuffs. He was still in his own clothes. The tan sleeves of his button-up shirt were rolled up to the elbows, revealing very strong arms. His muscles flexed as Adam put the cuffs on, and Amanda didn’t doubt that this man could beat someone to death. His brown hair was touching his shoulders and looked clean and brushed. Not something she was used to. Most prisoners were scruffy, dirty, and cared little for personal hygiene.
She let her eyes make their way down to the tight-fitting pants he was wearing then forced her eyes back up. Why did he have to look better than the sheriff she had almost slept with? Two or three days with this man might be a little frustrating. This was supposed to be a vacation from men. As Eric Bane turned, she finally saw his face. He had a trimmed beard and the most incredible light blue eyes. They almost looked white when the light caught them just right. They were almost too amazing to be real. The kind of thing you read about in romance novels. Like the ones she passed her nights with recently. The next few days were going to be very frustrating, indeed.
Amanda leaned forward and looked through the bars.
“Did you do it?” she asked.
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied.
Adam laughed when Eric called her ma’am.
“He’s older than you. You going to let him get away with that?” Adam asked. His smile quickly left when Amanda corrected him.
“Prisoners are supposed to call me ma’am. I am their boss,” she scolded.
She turned back to the strangely polite man and continued her standard questioning.
“Are you going to be a problem on our trip?” she asked.
“No, ma’am,” he replied. His scowl hadn’t left. He looked angry and, to be honest, scary. He wasn’t extremely large, maybe a little shy of six-foot-tall, but the lean muscles visible on his arms and chest looked problematic. If this man somehow got the upper hand or got out of his cuffs, she wouldn’t be able to stop him. If Eric Bane wanted to, he could probably kill her and Deputy Gile with his bare hands.
Amanda turned to Adam.
“Is he violent?” she asked.
“Actually, he’s been the most polite prisoner I’ve ever seen. We had him in with one of our regulars, Tommy. He’s a loudmouth who can usually rile anyone up, but Mr. Cool here didn’t say a word all night. I find it hard to believe he beat a man to death.” Adam looked surprised.
“I’m the reason a man is dead, and I deserve my punishment,” Eric said angrily. He wasn’t extremely loud, but the look on his face was enough to send a chill down Amanda’s spine.
“Well, that was a little violent,” Amanda said, raising an eyebrow to Adam.
“Ok, he does get touchy if you don’t believe he killed that guy. Just keep away from the subject, and he’s a perfect gentleman,” Adam explained.
“I think I’ll play it safe. Just in case,” Amanda replied and headed back to her car.
“What are you doing?” Adam asked.
“Getting my new toys for people like him,” she replied as she pushed through the front door.
When she returned, she had a belt and an ankle bracelet.
“What are those?” Adam asked.
She looked at Eric and spoke clearly, so both of them understood exactly what her toys did.
“This belt holds an electric charge powerful enough to drop an elephant.” Then she held up the ankle bracelet. “If the ankle monitor or the belt are tampered with, they will put you out in under a second.” Then she looked at Adam. “Let’s get him ready for transport.”
Adam unlocked the cell while Eric stood completely still. After the ankle bracelet and belt were in place, Adam looked on curiously.
“What now?” he asked.
“Now comes the good part,” she parted her button-up shirt and motioned to her belt. Then she put her thumb on the buckle, and after a second it beeped. As did the ankle monitor and belt Eric was wearing. “If you go more than fifty feet from me…zap. So no running.” She looked down at Eric’s feet and saw the torn-up sneakers he was wearing. The only part of his wardrobe that looked worn. Why would that be? Was he actually running from the police? Maybe running wasn’t just a clever phrase in his case.
“Remove your shoes, Mr. Bane,” she ordered, and the man did as he was told.
Amanda bent over and picked up the shoes then headed out. “Fifty feet, remember?” she asked over her shoulder with a laugh, and Eric started walking quickly to catch up to her. “I think we understand each other perfectly but to be sure. The buckle on my belt won’t deactivate unless it’s my thumbprint, so don’t get cute.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied and hurried to keep up with her.
She tossed his shoes in the front passenger side then opened the back door. Although unmarked, it was a standard police transport vehicle. The doors in the back wouldn’t unlock from the inside, and there was a security fence between the driver and passenger. She unlocked one of Eric’s handcuffs and moved his hands in front of him so he could sit then reattached them.
“Get comfy, Mr. Bane. We’ll be to the edge of North Dakota by midnight, and I’m not stopping until then,” she instructed. Again he did as he was told and got inside without a complaint.
When Amanda was buckled and ready to head out, Eric leaned forward, which made her nervous. He was scary, and she wasn’t exactly sure why. He had been polite and, although he was in very good shape, he wasn’t a large man. He didn’t even look all that menacing. Under different circumstances, in a bar perhaps, she would have been more than happy to meet him.
“I’d prefer if you call me Eric,” he said calmly and politely without a smile.
“Ok, Eric,” she said with a sigh of relief. Adam was right. He was the most polite prisoner she’d ever met. “You can call me ma’am or Marshall Sindel. Up to you.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied.
For the next two hours, she drove down the highway while her passenger sat in the back, quietly watching the road. He didn’t fall asleep, and he didn’t talk her ear off. It was a very strange ride.
She pondered her strange passenger as she drove. He was only twenty-nine. Not much older than she was. If he wasn’t a wanted felon, perhaps they could have hit it off. He seemed nice yet commanding. Definitely someone she would have fallen for. She certainly would have gone for his looks. It was a good thing she was on her vacation from men and a good thing he was a prisoner. Her fear seemed unfounded, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that this man could be dangerous if he wanted to. He just didn’t want to, at least not with her.
As she was daydreaming, an explosion rang out. Amanda swerved the car while hitting the brakes and barely stopped before plunging the car into the ditch.
“What the hell was that?!” she exclaimed. Her heart was beating loudly, and her breath was uneven. Had she run over a grenade? After a few moments to clear her head, she got out of the car and inspected the damage. She noticed Eric’s expression as she passed his window. Was the angry killer afraid of a car wreck? He looked terrified and kept searching the road as well as the empty field beside them. She could tell it wasn’t the explosion which frightened him. What was he so afraid of?
When she reached the back tire, she saw the mess her tire was in. It hadn’t just gone flat. It had exploded. Maybe not like if she’d hit a grenade but still…it looked serious. This was just wonderful. Now she would have to put on the doughnut, get to the nearest town at fifty miles an hour and pray they had the right sized tire.
After changing the tire, she hopped back in and looked at Eric in the mirror.
“What’s the look for?” she asked. When he didn’t answer, she asked it differently. “Why are you so scared?”
“Doesn’t matter,” he replied, his fear fading. Within seconds he looked angry again.
She shrugged this off and headed out slowly. If he didn’t want to be civil, she didn’t have to be either. This trip could be boring and uncivilized. If that’s the way he wanted it. Just wait until the hotel room. She could be very uncivilized if she put her mind to it.
Within an hour, they had found a small town with a local garage. The man who was working there said he could get a tire but, after a few phone calls, said it wouldn’t be there until morning. It was actually better news than she had hoped for. Feeling like things might still be going her way, she got them a room, attached Eric to the bed with handcuffs and proceeded to relax with her newest book, but this didn’t last long.
Not only was the man in the bed beside hers better looking than the man in her novel, she couldn’t stop herself from picturing Eric as she read through the sex scene. Despite his indifference that bordered on anger, he was very attractive.
After a few minutes of listening to Eric trying to get comfortable, she decided that being uncivilized was boring. They were going to spend a few days together, not speaking the whole trip would ruin her vacation. Not to mention, not speaking let her mind wander in places it shouldn’t.
“So,” she started and let the word hang. When he didn’t reply, she smirked and continued. “Looks like we’ll be stuck together a while longer than I expected. Feel like sharing anything? Got any questions?”
“I’m fine,” he replied brusquely.
“Any food allergies I should know about when I order our dinner?” she asked. It was like trying to force a child to take medicine. What was he so afraid of her finding out?
“Not hungry,” he replied, still staring at the ceiling angrily.
This was getting her nowhere and causing some frustration as well. Perhaps it was time to try the vinegar since the honey wasn’t working.
“I’d offer you a book, but you don’t look like the reading type.” She felt vindicated, but his response left her wanting.
“Not interested,” he replied.
His response took all the fun out of it. If he wasn’t going to get upset at her jabs, what was the point? Now she was really frustrated but not in the way she’d originally imagined.
“I think I’ll take a shower,” she said and put the book down on the bed. “You just sit there all nice and cozy until I’m done.” She said this spitefully, but he didn’t even notice. “You can’t take a shower with those on. So, I guess you’ll just have to make due until we get to Washington.”
“I figured as much,” he replied and continued staring at the ceiling.
She fumed at his response, stopped, and stared right at him. She envisioned eye lasers coming from herself and Eric catching fire, but even this funny mental image didn’t calm the burning anger inside her.
“Now I consider myself a nice person but you’re really starting to piss me off,” she said with her hands on her hips.
“Most people think they’re nice until they meet someone they don’t like,” he replied with the same, almost angry expression. “Let’s get one thing clear.” He turned his head to stare right at her. “It’s my fault a man is dead, and I just want to be left alone. I’ll take my punishment, but I won’t be telling you my life story. I’ll be respectful and listen to your instructions, but I WILL NOT be telling you a single thing about myself.”
Her mouth fell open, and anger festered inside her. He was intentionally trying to piss her off, wasn’t he? She stormed to the bathroom and slammed the door. He had seemed polite at the police station. Why was he so angry? A better question was. Why was she so angry? He hadn’t insulted her. Eric was actually calm and honest. Perhaps a bit too honest. She had been expecting belligerent or chatty, but what she got was neither. He was polite and kept to himself. Most people would consider that a blessing but not her. Why was that? Why was it so important for her to know so much about her prisoner?
Amanda pulled off her tank top and was startled by Miraven who had appeared and was sitting on the dirty counter.
“Damn it, Miraven! Why do you always have to scare me?” Amanda asked while continuing to undress.
“Why do you always have to be naked?” Miraven asked with a laugh.
“It’s a bathroom. I’m taking a shower. And I’m not naked yet. If you don’t like it, then quit sneaking up on me in the BATHROOM.” She said the word loudly and deliberately to get her point across. Why was she so angry with Miraven? It wasn’t her imaginary friend she was angry with. It was herself. Or maybe it was Eric. Was she actually angry with Eric because he wouldn’t even acknowledge her snide comments? Or was it because he wouldn’t tell her anything about himself? Maybe a little of both.
“So, how’s the vacation going?” Miraven asked cunningly.
“Wait…what is that supposed to mean?” Amanda asked as she removed her pants, then her underwear and stood in front of Miraven completely naked. At least she could get a rise out of her friend. Maybe that would ease some of this frustration.
“Oh, geez,” Miraven complained and threw a towel at Amanda, but she threw it aside.
“Oh, no! You want to talk to me in the bathroom. This is what you get,” she laughed, then got in the shower. The warm water felt wonderful, and she nearly forgot Miraven until she spoke.
“How is your vacation going with him in the next room?” she sounded like she was enjoying it way too much. “You’re naked. He’s chained up. That give you any ideas?”
“Oh shit! I’m trying to tell myself I’m attracted to him?!” she shut off the water, unable to enjoy the shower any longer and grabbed a towel. As thoughts raced through Amanda’s head, she knew it was true. Picturing Eric, instead of the hero of her novel. Getting so frustrated because of his indifference, that was exactly what her problem was. She was attracted to Eric and not just a passing fancy like the sheriff or Deputy Gile. This was more like how she had felt when she first met Todd. This was bad, very bad. She couldn’t fall for Eric. He was a murderer and her prisoner.
“Maybe that’s why you’re so angry,” Miraven suggested.
“Well, that can’t happen. At most, he will be fantasy fodder. He’s going to jail for a very long time,” she complained. Even as the words came out of her mouth, she knew she wasn’t just lying to Miraven. She was lying to herself as well. If given the chance, she would probably forget everything and sleep with Eric if he showed the slightest interest. It was what she always did. She fell for the guys she wasn’t supposed to. Then a thought occurred to her, and she looked around the bathroom. She had forgotten her clean clothes.
“What if he didn’t do it?” Miraven asked.
“He says he did,” she answered absentmindedly while trying to figure out how to get her clean clothes without walking in front of a prisoner in just a towel.
“And you believe him? Even you wouldn’t fall for that.” Miraven snickered. “Did he actually say he killed the man?”
“Hey! What’s that supposed to mean?” Amanda asked, ignoring the second question for now. She was paying full attention to her tormentor now.
“I’m just saying. A scruffy face, a pretty smile and you buy anything they’re selling. Don’t deny it,” Miraven prodded. “And I’m sure you noticed his body. Who wouldn’t?” Miraven winked.
“Ok, fine! I’ve had my problems with attractive men in the past, but this is the new me,” she said and couldn’t help but notice the look on Miraven’s face. Miraven wasn’t buying any of it. “What?! Fine!” she surrendered. Instead of arguing, she decided to pull one of Miraven’s tricks. She completely ignored the current conversation and addressed Miraven’s other questions. She wasn’t about to admit how much she was attracted to Eric, even to her imaginary friend. “I did notice he was a bit too adamant about it though. And no, he didn’t exactly say he killed the man. His wording caught my attention too. I wasn’t that blinded by him.”
“What reason would a man like Eric have to admit to a crime he didn’t commit?” Miraven asked, making a show of putting her finger to her chin.
“He was paid off?” Amanda asked.
“Nope. A man like that can’t be bribed,” she answered.
“No. He is a bit too honest.” She thought more. “Blackmail.”
“You really think Mr. Honesty out there has ever done anything worthy of blackmail?” Miraven asked with her eyebrows raised.
“Ok, no. Then he’s…protecting someone.” Amanda looked at her faithful friend whose look was a mixture of ‘I told you so’ and pity.
“Oh, that’s just great!” Amanda shouted and leaned on the counter.
Eric’s voice carried through the door.
“Everything alright in there?” he asked.
“I’m fine!” Amanda replied.
“What’s great, dear?” Miraven asked with a knowing smile.
“I want to sleep with a guy who isn’t even guilty, but he’s still my prisoner. And I thought I was messed up before. Holy shit!” Amanda looked distraught, so Miraven eased up.
“Well, I need to go but let me give you some advice,” she said.
“What advice could you possibly give me that would keep me from doing something really stupid and ruining my career?” She paused and thought about what she was saying. “Other than don’t do it. Which is pretty damn obvious.”
Miraven smiled at her kindly.
“One step at a time, dear. First, figure out how to prove he’s innocent. Or, at the very least, get him to admit it to you.” Miraven boosted herself off the counter and waited by the door.
“What good will it do if he tells me? I’m just transportation. What can I do?” Amanda asked.
“And didn’t you find that flat tire a little too convenient? I mean…he was scared of something…or someone.” Miraven looked at Amanda with one eyebrow raised then opened the door and vanished.
The door was open, so Amanda made her move. She scoured the room with her eyes, looking for her bag, the one with her clean clothes in it. When she spotted it, she made a mad dash for it then sprinted back to the bathroom. Had he seen her? She was certain she felt his eyes on her. Maybe it was her imagination. Maybe she kind of liked the idea of him looking. After getting dressed, she walked out casually, and he was still staring at the ceiling.
She flopped down on the bed and huffed then whispered to herself. “Well, that was anti-climactic.”
After a few moments of fuming, she noticed Eric making a face other than his permanent angry face. He looked like he was going to be sick and was sniffing the air.
“What?” Amanda asked loudly, clearly annoyed.
“Something in here stinks,” he said, disgusted.
“Well, it’s not me! I just took a shower,” Amanda argued.
Eric sniffed the air again and looked confused.
“It’s not you,” he explained. “It’s coming from the vents. Do you mind shutting them?” he asked politely.
“Oh, you just expect me to do what you ask after that comment about me not being a nice person?” She stood and looked down at him. He didn’t look apologetic, nor did he look angry. He just looked sick to his stomach.
“Please?” he asked kindly.
With a sigh, she headed to the vent which was blowing out warm air. She put her nose up to the vent and inhaled, intent on proving him wrong. The stench hit her like a slap to the face.
“Oh, man! How did I not smell that before?” she coughed.
“Dead rat?” he asked.
She looked down, and it almost looked like he was trying to fight a smile. Was he amused? He still looked angry, but something about it seemed fake now.
“That would be my guess,” she replied and shut the vent while trying to hold her nose and stop the urge to vomit. When she was done gagging, she walked over to the window and opened it.
“Thank you,” he said, and his anger lifted for a second.
After checking to make sure the screen was secure on the window, she walked back to her bed and dimmed the lamp on her bedside table. Eric didn’t say a word. He just stared angrily at the ceiling. After a few moments, Amanda couldn’t stop the urge. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t be uncivilized. She could tease him, maybe even be a little spiteful, but something inside her wouldn’t let her be uncivilized.
“You’re welcome,” she said. “Try to get some sleep.”
Amanda pulled the covers up and watched him stare at the ceiling some more. After about five minutes, he shut his eyes, and so did she.

Chapter 4
In the morning, the sun woke Amanda as it came over the horizon. Her frizzy hair and disheveled look almost made her onlooker smile. She saw the corners of his mouth curl for a fraction of a second before he forced the stern look back into place. Eric was staring at her, it was a little creepy, but at the same time, the fact that he was fighting back a smile made her feel good. She would have preferred teasing about her morning look, rather than the silent treatment he was giving her, but it was more than she had gotten yesterday. It seemed like, if she didn’t ask questions, he wasn’t talking. Well, except for the dead rat incident. This was something she’d have to work on.
Amanda decided to test her theory that his indifference and uncaring attitude were a fabrication. She sat up and stretched her arms above her head, faking a yawn. What she got wasn’t quite what she expected; it was better. Even with him laying down, cuffed to the bed, she could see his eyes weren’t looking at her face. They looked her up and down, and his angry expression faded. It was replaced with the lustful one she knew quite well. When he caught her eyes, he quickly looked back at the ceiling.
“No harm in looking, Eric,” she said with a laugh. Now, this was more like it. He wasn’t as oblivious as he pretended to be. She didn’t think her white tank top, with no bra, and shorts were the most attractive pajamas in the world, but Eric seemed to think otherwise. “You’ll be spending a great deal of time without seeing a woman.”
“I won’t live long enough to worry about that,” he replied without taking his eyes off the ceiling, and his angry expression had returned.
“You won’t get the death penalty. It was a crime of passion. You clearly didn’t plan to beat a man to death.” She said this with an upbeat tone, but it only seemed to make Eric more upset.
“I won’t make it to trial,” he replied.
“What’s that supposed to mean? Was the man you killed important? Is someone trying to kill you?” Amanda was now starting to get a little worried.
Maybe Miraven was right. Maybe the flat tire had been intentional. It was a newer transportation vehicle with brand new tires. It would be odd to have a blow out so soon. She had assumed she’d hit something, but maybe it was exactly that. Maybe she had hit something, and someone had intended for her to hit it.
“They wouldn’t hurt you,” he replied. He shifted on the bed. Either he was uncomfortable after laying in one position all night, or perhaps his recent candidness was causing the discomfort. He looked upset, but this time, there was no anger. It was more like regret. “Why can’t you just leave me be? Why do you have to be so damn nosey?” he asked.
“Character flaw, I guess,” she replied with a grin and stood up. She grabbed the handcuff keys and walked over to Eric. She stared down at him while she spoke. She noticed his eyes wandering again and smiled. “I’m going to let you out of those so you can stretch and use the bathroom.” She bent down to unlock the cuffs. “If I’m in danger, you owe it to me to tell me what’s going on. If you’re in danger on my watch, the same goes. You will not die in my custody.”
The same look of discomfort and regret filled Eric’s face as he stared up at her and rubbed his wrists. When she backed away, he sat up. He appeared to be struggling with himself. Almost like he was deciding how much to tell her. Amanda went back to her bed, sat down, and waited. Eric looked into her eyes and started to open his mouth then shut it quickly. The angry expression returned, and he spoke softly.
“You’re perfectly safe.” Then he stood up and started toward the bathroom.
“If I was in danger you’d tell me, wouldn’t you?” she asked. Giving Eric commands seemed like a bad idea. Appealing to his sense of decency was a better way to get through to him. He wasn’t a bad guy and probably hadn’t even killed the man. Why was he taking the blame for it?
Eric stopped and, without turning around, replied in a sorrowful tone.
“If you were in danger, I would tell you,” he said meekly then went into the bathroom.
Amanda looked out the window at the sunrise as she thought about her predicament. She had originally assumed she’d be sexually frustrated transporting such a fine-looking man but what she got was so much worse. He wasn’t at all what she’d assumed. He was honest and even kind, after she got through his false façade. He probably assumed being angry would keep people away from him, which it did at first.
Now that she saw a glimpse of the real Eric, things were getting complicated. Whoever he was covering for must mean a lot to him, but realizing he was innocent didn’t help things at all. In fact, it made them worse. She felt compelled to be nice to him, which, in itself, was dangerous because she knew what would happen. She’d end up falling for him, and he’d end up breaking her heart like all the others. He was probably covering for a girlfriend or wife. You don’t confess to a crime you didn’t commit for just anybody. The person had to be very important.
When Eric returned from the bathroom, he still looked distraught. The anger had left, but it was almost as bad. Amanda decided not to dwell on it. He said he’d warn her if she was in danger. She’d just have to keep her distance from him and try to be professional about this. She didn’t know for certain he was innocent and he wasn’t willing to admit it.
Amanda gave him a consoling look as she passed him and made her way to the bathroom. It almost looked like he was fighting back another smile. She grabbed her clothes bag then shut the door. When she turned around, Miraven was on the counter.
“Didn’t get me that time,” Amanda said with a laugh. “Somehow I knew you’d be in here.”
Miraven now wore a flowing red dress, similar to the white one. Why did her imaginary friend dress so fancy? She never wore jeans and a tee-shirt. Her clothes were always over the top, her hair and makeup impeccable. Perhaps because she was imaginary?
“Good, I’m not trying to scare you. You’re just jumpy,” Miraven replied with a coy smile.
“Well, you were right,” she admitted while changing into her jeans. “He’s definitely innocent.”
“Well, now that we have that out of the way. What are you going to do about it?” Miraven asked.
“Do about it? What can I do? He’s not going to admit he’s innocent.” Amanda finished dressing and looked in the mirror. She laughed at her hair then started to brush it. “No wonder he almost smiled. I look like a fuzzball.”
“You should work on it, dear, and I should be off. Too many pans on the fire and not enough time,” she said then hopped off the counter. “Now to see if I can sneak by Eric again.” She smiled at Amanda in the mirror, but it wasn’t a kind smile, it was a devious one. A smile that told Amanda Miraven was hinting at something.
“What do you mean sneak by Eric?” Amanda asked and stopped brushing her hair.
“He’s a werewolf. It’s rather difficult to sneak by him. I have to wait for just the right…” Miraven said with a huge grin then opened the door and vanished.
“A what?!” Amanda asked then realized she was all alone, and the door was slowly opening. When she looked out, her hair only half brushed, Eric was sitting on the bed looking confused. He stared at her, and the confusion grew.
“What the hell was that?” he asked.
“You saw her?” Amanda asked, the look of shock on her face only enforced Eric’s belief.
“I’m not just imagining things? Someone did just run by here and go out the door? I couldn’t even see who it was. I’m not nuts, right? You saw it too didn’t you?” Eric asked, still not completely sure he wasn’t seeing things.
Amanda didn’t answer. She shut the door and leaned against it.
“Holy shit! I’m not nuts!” She slid down the door, her heart pounding.
If she wasn’t nuts, then everything Miraven had told her was the truth. She was a non-human, the man in the other room was a werewolf, and evil soldiers would kill her if they ever found out who she was. The idea she hadn’t made up any of it was more terrifying than thinking she was nuts. A wraith had taken care of her since she was ten years old because her father had made a deal with her. A wraith! Miraven really was a wraith!
Amanda stood up, then opened the door. Eric still looked just as confused as before. His eyes begged her for an explanation. Amanda walked, dumbfounded, and plopped on her bed. She absentmindedly brushed her hair, trying to figure out what to say and how much to tell Eric. Did she really want to tell her prisoner she had been raised by a wraith?
“What’s going on?” Eric asked.
She looked at Eric, and the fear subsided. This was perfect! Miraven had given her exactly what she needed. Of course, she had. That was what Miraven always did. Her friend, who was no longer imaginary, had given her leverage over Eric. Amanda grinned as she stared at Eric.
“Not important,” she said, her grin growing. She continued brushing her hair and waited for Eric. This was like a game of chess. You don’t just move your queen to the front row. You bide your time and move your pieces until you have your opponent trapped.
“Not important?” Eric asked. His look of bewilderment was too good to be true. Amanda wasn’t trying to pry information from Eric any longer. This was now a game, and she was winning. If he wanted to know things about her, he’d have to offer something in return.
“We both have secrets,” Amanda said smugly. She finished brushing her hair then started packing up her belongings.
“That’s it?” Eric asked.
“You don’t want to share your secrets. Why should I?” she asked and almost laughed. This was just too perfect. She’d have to thank Miraven the next time she popped in.
“But…” he started then the look of astonishment faded to frustration. Now he could be the one who was frustrated.
“We should get going. When you’re ready to talk. I won’t be far away,” she said and headed to the door. “Within fifty feet, would be my guess.” She laughed as she opened the door, and for the first time since she met Eric Bane, she felt like she was in charge.

Chapter 5
Amanda walked slowly toward the garage where her car was, while Eric lagged behind her. His anger had vanished, and now he looked to be in a perpetual state of uncertainty. She knew he was struggling with her statement. If he shared something, she would too. He was stuck. If he wanted to know who was in the hotel, he had to share something about himself. Amanda grinned as she glanced back to see him walking with his head down. She had a lot more secrets, now knowing Miraven was real. She could use them to learn all of his.
When Amanda walked up to the attendant, she noticed his nervousness right away. He had seen her but was pretending to be busy with paperwork. He was shuffling them too quickly to actually read them. Amanda put her arms on the counter and leaned in to catch his attention.
“My car done yet?” she asked while scouring the garage with her eyes. There was no one here, but she had a strange feeling. It was like she was early, and the man behind the counter was waiting for someone to show up. Perhaps she had interrupted some shady dealings?
“Just about,” he replied quickly. Then he started walking to the back. Amanda glanced at her car and noticed the new tire was already on.
“Looks to me like it’s done,” she said. She looked at Eric, but he wasn’t paying attention. He was still pondering his options in their game of willpower. She smiled and realized he had already lost. It was just a matter of time until he realized it too.
“Let me get the paperwork from the back,” the man said nervously.
“What paperwork? You already charged my card. I signed everything yesterday.” She forgot about Eric’s discomfort and started worrying about Eric’s safety. This was starting to get serious. The man wasn’t just nervous, and she hadn’t interrupted something, but she was early. This was about Eric. “Eric. Something’s wrong,” she said sternly, and Eric snapped out of his thoughts. He searched the garage and sniffed the air.
“We need to go,” he said, quietly with a commanding tone to his voice but it didn’t frighten Amanda. It was actually comforting. Eric was commanding and determined, but there was no anger.
“Give me the keys!” she ordered the attendant, but he took off running. “Stay close, Eric,” she said and took off after the man. Eric tried to keep up, but he was still barefoot, and the garage was filthy. He started to lag behind, then tripped, just as Amanda caught the attendant, and the belt went off. Eric convulsed on the ground. When Amanda realized what was happening, she quickly shut off the belt, which gave the attendant time to get away. She turned around to see Eric lying on the ground. He was out cold.
“Well, this is just great!” she yelled. “That wasn’t fifty feet! It was more like thirty! Maybe less!” She walked back toward Eric, knelt down, and stared at him guiltily. “Sorry. I really didn’t mean to zap you.” She brushed the hair from his face, and he started to come to.
“You weren’t kidding about the elephant,” he said quietly. She saw the smile start once again, but he forced it away.
“I guess we should start searching for the keys,” she said and started back toward the counter. Eric got to his feet and slowly followed her. “Remind me to get your shoes.” She paused and smiled. “Also remind me to yell at my boss. That wasn’t fifty feet.” She laughed and could have sworn she heard Eric chuckle, but when she turned around, he was as cold as ever. So, the game continued.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, forcing a blank expression.
She walked a few more feet then decided to turn up the pressure. Eric was playing well, but she knew she had the upper hand.
“Call me Amanda. Ma’am sounds funny when you say it,” she said with a smirk.
“Yes, Amanda,” he replied and tried to keep up. She was walking quickly now, and he was still dazed from the belt.
When she got to the counter, she searched through all the drawers until she found her keys stashed at the back of one of them.
“He had no intention of letting us leave, did he? Who is looking for you, Eric?” she asked, knowing he’d give a vague answer. He was a good opponent, but she’d wear him down.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said as he made his way to the counter.
“Really?” she asked sarcastically. “It wasn’t just you they were keeping here. You think they were going to take you and leave me here? A U.S. Marshal who saw them? Hmm?”
Amanda hit the button on her dongle and the doors unlocked. She ushered Eric to the back seat while he struggled with what to tell her. She didn’t need to add anything. The torment in his head was eating away at him, and she could tell. He’d give in and tell her everything by the time she was done. Of that, she was sure.

Chapter 6
After a few hours of driving, they crossed into Montana. Eric spent the whole trip silent and brooding in the backseat. She’d given him his shoes back and turned the belt back on, just to be sure he wasn’t going to run. Occasionally she’d catch Eric in the mirror staring at her, looking like he wanted to say something, but then he’d just look away. As they drove along the nearly empty highway, she decided he needed a little push. She couldn’t help but smile as she looked at him in the mirror and spoke.
“So…,” she said and waited. When the tension felt like enough, she continued. “What’s it like being a werewolf?” she asked, and his look of terror nearly made her burst out laughing.
“What? What are you talking about?” he asked, trying to act cool, but she could see the surprise on his face.
“It’s ok. I’m a non-human too.” She smiled at him kindly, and his worry subsided. “My friend, the wraith, won’t tell me what I am though.” Immediately his fear returned.
“You’re friends with a wraith?! That’s what I saw?!” His eyes begged for more, but she had said enough for now. She’d given him something. Now the rest was up to him.
“Your turn,” she said smugly.
“Well, shit,” he said and contemplated their new dynamic. After a few moments, he spoke. “So, do you know about The Order?”
Amanda slammed on the breaks, throwing Eric against the security fence. She got out and walked to the back door, opened it, and got in.
Before she could speak, Eric blurted out. “You just locked yourself in the backseat with me!”
She smirked, lifted up the dongle, and pushed one of the buttons. Both doors clicked, she opened the one on her side then shut it again. When she pushed the button again, both doors locked once more.
“Do you think I’m an idiot?” she asked.
Eric looked at her remorsefully. He didn’t think she was stupid. It wasn’t at all what he was implying.
“You’re being chased by The Order?” she asked, returning to their previous conversation.
“So, you do know about The Order,” he stated.
“Do I know about The Order? They’ve been searching for me…well, I think they have. At the very least, they will kill me on sight if they find out who, or rather, what I really am. Which, of course, Miraven won’t tell me.” She looked distraught by her admission, but Eric’s terror hit a new high.
“Oh, shit!” Eric exclaimed. “You’re friends with Miraven?! Miraven doesn’t have friends!”
“Yeah, why? You know her? Of course, she has friends…me.” Amanda looked at the brave werewolf beside her and almost laughed. Seeing such a powerful man cowering away from her was amusing, to say the least. What was so bad about Miraven? Miraven had taken care of her since she was ten. She may not have been able to count on her cowardly mother, but Miraven had never wanted to leave her. Even when Miraven had her special projects, it was like pulling teeth each time she had to say goodbye. Vanishing during a conversation was another story, but Miraven always came back in a day or two. Amanda may not have had a mother, but she’d always had Miraven, and in her mind, that was better.
“I’ve heard stories,” he said, his fear easing a little.
“What kind of stories?” Amanda asked.
“No one knows when she was born or even if she was born. She has always been here. She isn’t just a wraith. She is THE wraith. The first wraith.” Eric’s fear seemed to be going away, but the way he spoke about her friend was a little concerning.
“She’s taken care of me since I was ten years old. She can’t be that bad,” Amanda countered.
“I don’t really know much besides the stories. She’s started wars and killed thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands because she was bored. Maybe she’s not the same wraith.” He said this for her benefit. It was doubtful there was another wraith named Miraven. It was a very unique and peculiar name.
Amanda leaned back, looked at the ceiling, and sighed.
“Those stories can’t be about my Miraven. She’s a little quirky. Ok, let’s be honest, she’s borderline crazy, but killing people? Sarting wars? That can’t be her.” Amanda wasn’t sure who she was trying to convince, Eric or herself. “She treated me like a daughter. That can’t be her.”
“Even if it is her, maybe she’s changed,” Eric offered.
“Well, enough about me. Your turn, buddy,” she ordered. She could deal with Miraven later. She had offered way too much. Her leverage over him was nearly gone. She just hoped he would trust her enough now.
“It’s not important,” he said, and the indifference returned.
“Oh, no. I spilled my guts. We’ll sit here until The Order finds us if we have to. You’re talking.” She looked at him intently, and his indifference faded.
“Fine,” he said with a sigh. “Where should I start?”
“How about…” she said, but a black sedan pulled up behind them. “To be continued. Seems like I’m a fortune-teller now,” she added then got out of the car. She hit the button to lock it and waited for the two men, dressed in black suits, who were approaching.
The one on the left was a larger man, bigger than Eric and the one on the right looked to be about Eric’s height but thinner. Neither of them looked like the type to stop and offer a helping hand. They were rough-looking. The smaller one had grey hair and a scar across his cheek while the larger one was bald and wore sunglasses. She noticed the guns each had in a shoulder strap and put her hand on her service weapon.
“We’re relieving you of Eric Bane,” the man on the right said in a commanding tone.
The one on the left held out a piece of paper, but Amanda wasn’t about to reach for it. They were both eyeing her hand, which was on her gun. One false move and she’d either be dead or staring down the barrel of a gun. With no choice but to hand Eric over.
“I’m taking him to Washington for his trial. If you want to pick him up there you’re welcome to it, but I can’t release my prisoner until then,” she said. The nerves made her voice sound funny, at least to her. She now wished she had let Eric out of the car. She wasn’t sure she could take out both men and Eric was intimidating. Hell, he was a werewolf. Of course, he was intimidating.
“I’m sorry but…,” the one on the right started as he reached for his gun. Amanda drew her pistol and aimed it at his chest before he could even undo the latch.
“Second in my class for speed. Top in marksmanship. If you want to try, at least one of you will be dead before you get a shot off…probably both.” She held her gun steady, and the one on the left twitched like he wanted to reach for his gun, but he didn’t. “Why don’t the two of you get back in your car and head out. I really don’t want to kill anyone today.”
The one on the right held his hands in the air, sighed, and turned back to the car. As he was getting in, he smiled at her.
“We’ll be seeing you again Marshal Sindel. Count on it,” he said spitefully then got in. The one on the left lifted his sunglasses and stared at her menacingly but didn’t say a word, then got in as well.
Amanda waited for them to drive off before she holstered her gun and got in, then started the engine.
“Holy shit!” she said and leaned on the steering wheel.
“Did you really get top in marksmanship?” Eric asked with a smile.
“No, I was tenth, but they don’t know that,” she laughed with her head on the steering wheel. When she lifted it up she looked at her prisoner and smiled. “Hell, we were twenty feet away. I could have come in last and hit them both. I didn’t lie about being second in speed.”
“That was some fast thinking. I underestimated you, Amanda,” he said, and for the first time she saw Eric smile, really smile, and he didn’t even try to hide it.
“I think we should be very careful from here on in,” she said and pulled back onto the highway. “And, by the way, I didn’t forget it was your turn to spill your guts.”
Eric let out a small laugh.
“No, I don’t suppose you would forget.” He leaned back and got comfortable. “You’re right. I didn’t kill that man, but I might as well have.”
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“I should have seen it coming. My friend…was angry. I knew she was angry. I just didn’t realize how angry.” Remorse spread across Eric’s face, and he looked at his hands.
“By friend, you mean girlfriend?” she asked, hoping he’d say no.
“Just a friend,” Eric said evasively. “She’s a wolf, sort of, like me but younger. She doesn’t really have a handle on her anger yet. She lost control and…”
“If she’s a wolf, why didn’t the man have like…I don’t know…claw marks?” Amanda asked. His answer hadn’t made her feel better. He had said no, but it felt fake. There was more to his ‘friend’ than just friendship.
“My friend.” The way he said friend was starting to annoy Amanda. Why was he lying about her? Something was odd about his story. “She is half human and half werewolf. She doesn’t have claws and fangs. However, she does have the strength and temper.” He laughed uncomfortably.
“Does your friend know you’re doing this for her?” Amanda asked. As she asked her question, she noticed the black sedan sitting on the side of the road. “Hold on!” she ordered, and Eric quickly slid over and buckled himself in. Amanda floored it as the sedan pulled out behind them. “They don’t give up easily, do they?”
“They think I killed a human. I doubt they know what I am yet, but that doesn’t matter to them. They know I’m not human and if there aren’t more people on the way, there soon will be.” He looked behind and saw the black sedan. She was starting to lose them but not enough to feel comfortable. Amanda was swerving around cars like they were standing still, but the black sedan wasn’t giving up.
“We’re getting nowhere like this,” she said as she looked down at the dash. Why hadn’t she stopped for gas? They were almost empty. Going ninety miles an hour would use up what little they had left, and soon. “We need a way to lose them.”
Eric peered ahead as Amanda skillfully swerved around cars. Then he saw their way out.
“You see those two semis?” he asked.
“Yeah, what about them?” she asked in return.
In front of them, one semi was trying to pass the other. They were blocking both lanes.
“When the second passes the first, I want you to get in front of the first one. There’s an off-ramp about half a mile ahead. This should work out perfectly.” He sounded very confident in her ability to drive, which made her feel a little better.
“I know what you’re thinking. I’ll try,” she answered.
As one semi passed the other, she got in front of the slower one and slowed down until she was right in front of it. Blocking the black sedan’s view of them. When they came up to the off-ramp, Amanda turned and hit the breaks to keep from rear-ending another car, which was going much slower. The black sedan went by on the other side of the semi, not even realizing they had gotten off the highway.
At the stop sign, Amanda let out a sigh of relief and tried to still her shaking hands.
“Now that was some good driving,” Eric said, again he was smiling.
“I don’t know if I can do this.” She looked regretfully into the mirror and saw Eric’s face. It now looked kind and compassionate. She had gotten by his tough exterior, and now the real Eric was staring back at her. She knew she had no choice. She couldn’t leave him. They’d kill him for sure if she left. Mostly because he wouldn’t run.
“If you want to drop me off, I’ll understand,” he said, looking down.
“I was just caught up in the moment. There’s no way I’m letting my prisoner go,” she said with a quirky smile then took off. The sign in front of her said the name of a random, small town five miles ahead. The part that hooked her was the wording underneath. ‘Best burgers in the county.’ They’d been driving for hours with no food, and without all the adrenalin, her stomach was starting to complain.
“If you insist,” he said trying to keep his face emotionless, but Amanda could see the relief.
Maybe he wasn’t ready to die just yet, and she was just an excuse to keep running. Then Amanda dismissed this thought. The look on his face told her it was much simpler than that. She wasn’t just an excuse; she was a reason to stay alive. Apparently the attraction between them wasn’t one way. She could see it in the way he looked at her. She just hoped he was as honest as he seemed. The ‘friend’ could actually be just a friend, and there was only one way to find out.
“You were telling me about your friend before we were so rudely interrupted.” She smiled in the mirror and made sure he was looking. She heard a laugh from the backseat after she looked away.
“You just don’t give up, do you?” he asked rhetorically. “Ok, a deals a deal.”
“Start spilling buddy. You got five miles til we get some burgers. By the way, can werewolves eat burgers?” she asked. She really had no idea what werewolves ate.
“You’re confusing us with lamia. Werewolves can eat whatever we like. Silver though, that’s real. We have an extreme allergic reaction to silver.” He smiled at her kindly, and she caught it when she glimpsed at him in the mirror.
“What’s a lamia?” she asked. “Wait. You’re trying to distract me. Never mind that. Tell me about your friend.”
“Damn, you are a sharp one,” he said with a laugh. “And you’re the one who brought up eating.”
“Spill it, buddy,” she ordered.
“Fine, fine. To answer your previous question. No. She doesn’t know what I’m doing, and I don’t want her to. She’s had a hard life. I led them to North Dakota to keep her out of it.” Eric’s attitude turned somber again.
“But she killed a man,” Amanda argued.
“She didn’t mean to,” he countered.
“She didn’t mean to beat a man to death with her bare hands?” Amanda asked skeptically.
“You wouldn’t understand. You’re not a wolf. What he did…” Eric trailed off. Amanda let him sit for a moment. They were still playing the game and Amanda had to outsmart him. Eric would clam up if she forced it. It was better to let him defeat himself. His guilt and decency would make him speak eventually. She had told him almost all of her secrets, but the ones she had kept hidden would need to be used at the right time.
In a few minutes, they arrived at the burger joint she had seen advertised on the sign. It looked like a family-run place who made their burgers from scratch, rather than frying frozen slabs of meat. As Amanda got Eric out of the back seat, she could see the hunger in his eyes, which seemed to match her own.
“A little hungry?” she asked with a laugh.
“Nah, I’m fine. But if you want to eat, I could eat,” he evaded.
“You just can’t give me a straight answer. You’re not exactly lying, but you’re not telling the truth either,” she commented. She stared into his blue eyes and was caught up in them. What she wouldn’t do to wake up to those eyes.
“Sorry, it’s the way I was raised,” he apologized and looked away. “Yes, I’m hungry.”
His look said more than his apology, and she immediately forgave him. In fact, before he looked away, she could have sworn he was thinking about waking up to her eyes as well. That look on his face was more than apologetic. It was desire.
As they walked into the restaurant, she pulled his shirt over his belt.
“You should cover that up,” she whispered, and he quickly did the bottom few buttons. He looked at her appreciatively and smiled. The iceman was melting. Who was underneath? Who was the real Eric Bane?
At the counter, Eric ordered three burgers without fries, then looked at Amanda guiltily.
“I guess I’m really hungry,” he explained.
“Don’t worry about it. We didn’t get breakfast. We’ve got money to spare.” When she was done, she ordered herself a burger with fries then handed the teenager her company card. In a few moments, the young boy came back looking like he’d seen a ghost.
“I’m really sorry, ma’am, but this card isn’t any good,” he said in a cracking voice.
Embarrassed, Amanda reached in her front pocket and pulled out a twenty-dollar bill and exchanged it for the card.
“I’ll have to call my boss,” she said to the boy who wasn’t really paying attention.
“I suppose that’s our only money?” Eric asked, looking worried.
“Yep,” she replied. “Well, …no. I have my ATM card, but it’s in the car.” She leaned in toward the boy behind the counter and spoke to him in a commanding voice. “I’ll need a receipt for that, so I can be reimbursed.”
When she was finished trying to recover from the embarrassing moment, she pulled out her phone and walked toward the bathroom. She noticed Eric’s bewilderment, so she explained.
“I’m just going to call my boss. You can wait for the food.” She turned and once again headed toward the bathroom then remembered something. “Remember it’s thirty feet now. So, don’t go picking a back booth or you’ll get some really funny looks.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied with a smile that quickly faded as soon as she gave him a death stare. “I mean yes, A-man-da.” He said her name slowly and purposefully, enunciating each syllable like they were separate words, then his smile returned. This made her smile in return, then she continued to the bathroom, hit the speed dial for her boss, and put the phone to her ear.
As Amanda walked into the bathroom, she saw Miraven sitting on the bathroom counter. This time she wore a lovely black dress with a low cut neckline that went to her navel. It had sleeves that were longer than her arms and almost reached the floor. Amanda smirked at her friend then pointed at the phone and mouthed the word ‘Boss’. Miraven waited patiently, crossed her legs, and bounced one leg up and down as she waited.
“Hi, Gene. Wait. What?! You’ve got to be kidding me. I’m…no I love my job. You wouldn’t dare! You fucking bastard!” She hung up and threw the phone against the wall, and it shattered. She turned to Miraven fuming.
“Not only am I fired. The FBI is looking for me. Apparently those guys I pointed my gun at were FBI.” She put her hands on her hips, looked at the floor, and walked in circles.
“FBI? Are you really buying that?” Miraven asked calmly.
“Hell no! They weren’t FBI. If they were FBI I’m…I’m…They weren’t FBI!” Amanda yelled and continued to walk in circles.
“I told you The Order would catch up to you eventually,” Miraven consoled.
“But…Eric…why now?” Amanda could barely string a sentence together, let alone come up with a plan. Her situation was nothing short of cruel. She had finally found a decent man. Sure, he was a prisoner and a werewolf, but still, …he was honest…mostly.
Amanda stared at Miraven, who wasn’t saying a word.
“I know what you’re going to say,” Amanda said angrily.
“Are you sure about that?” Miraven asked with a smirk.
“I barely know him. I’m doing it again, aren’t I? Trusting someone who probably has a girlfriend or a wife. What the hell is my problem?!” Amanda smacked her hands down on the counter and looked at herself in the mirror. “I’m falling for him already. I’m an idiot, aren’t I? Hell. I couldn’t even keep my secrets to myself. I spilled my guts and hoped he’d do the same. Why am I so stupid?”
Miraven waited patiently for Amanda to quit criticizing herself, and her grin grew.
“At least I didn’t sleep with him. Hell. I didn’t even kiss him.” She looked at herself and a sadness set in. “I’m never going to find someone, am I?”
She sounded like she was going to start crying, so Miraven spoke.
“I was going to say, wearing your heart on your sleeve finally paid off.” She looked kindly at Amanda, whose expression turned to shock.
“You approve of Eric?” Amanda turned and saw the huge grin on Miraven’s face.
“Approve? If you don’t take him, I will,” she said with a laugh.
Amanda rushed over to Miraven and hugged her, lifting her small body off the counter.
“What happened to not touching your imaginary friend?” Miraven teased.
“I know you’re real now,” Amanda said with a timid smile as she set her friend down.
“Good. Now don’t worry about the job or the FBI,” she said this with finger quotes. “Worry about how to keep Eric and yourself alive. The Order thinks you’re helping him, which you are. You’re a target now too. Besides…” she added. “Jobs are overrated.”
“How are we going to pay for anything?” Amanda put her hand to her forehead. “I have like two hundred dollars in my account. That won’t get us very far.”
“Just worry about getting to your ‘cabin’,” she also said this with finger quotes.
“Quit with the stupid finger quotes. I know it’s not a cabin,” Amanda said, relaxing a little. “Why go there?”
“Your mother left you a little present. And…it’s your cabin.” Miraven looked at her deviously.
“Why didn’t you say this before?” Amanda asked.
“You didn’t need it before,” Miraven replied. “You wanted an apartment and a job. Also…I needed to find your true love. Can’t exactly meet very many guys in the woods, now can you?”
Amanda was starting to loosen up even more, and her hunger was getting the better of her, but she needed to find out if Eric was right.
“So…” Amanda started as she usually did and let the word hang until Miraven looked uncomfortable. “I hear you’re not just any wraith. You’re the first wraith?”
Miraven hopped off the counter and looked at Amanda nervously.
“Pans…fires…time to go. Bye,” she said quickly and vanished. She left the bathroom door swinging as she left.
Amanda grinned to herself as she left the bathroom. When she saw Eric, who was sitting in the closest table to the bathroom door, she almost busted out laughing. He really didn’t want to be shocked again. He noticed her covering her mouth and smiled at her.
“What? That was painful,” he said, trying not to laugh as well.
As she walked closer, she looked down and saw he had eaten all three of his burgers and laid hers out for her. Now that Miraven approved, what was stopping her from caring about him? Then she remembered the ‘friend’.
Amanda made her way to the table and spoke as she got closer.
“We need to talk about this friend of yours some more. I haven’t told you about my childhood yet and how I met Miraven,” she teased.
As she was sitting down, a bullet slid across her shoulder, and blood trickled down her arm. She quickly pushed Eric to the floor as another shot, that would have hit him, went right through her water cup. Whatever kind of gun they were using was nearly silent, either that, or very far away.
Amanda thought quickly. There were about ten innocent people in the restaurant, some of them children. She couldn’t be responsible for their deaths. She unclipped her badge and held it up then shouted to the customers and staff.
“U.S. Marshal Amanda Sindel! This building is under fire! Everyone into the kitchen!” She looked around, but no one else had heard the shots, so no one was taking her seriously. She pulled out her service pistol and fired it into the air. “Now!”
Everyone started screaming and rushed to the kitchen while trying to keep their heads down. She scooted closer to Eric, who was staring at her arm.
“Are you ok?” he asked, terrified. Somehow she knew it wasn’t the bullets he was scared of. The look on his face made it perfectly clear.
“I’ll be fine. Just grazed me,” she replied and scooted a little closer to the brick wall that lined the doorway they had come in. “I doubt he can shoot us through this.” She positioned her back against it, and Eric did the same.
“What should we do?” he asked, completely calm. She had been right. He wasn’t afraid of the bullets, nor was he afraid of dying.
“Ok, we have one shooter…I think. That was two shots, and they had a fifteen-second delay. So, he’s taking his time to line it up, or he’s reloading. Either way, we need to make him shoot. Then, I’ll poke my head out and try to spot him.” She looked at Eric and waited for him to come up with an idea, but Eric mistook her words as an order for him to be the distraction. He stood up then fell to the floor quickly. A shot zipped through the restaurant and split a wooden chair on its way through.
Amanda quickly peeked out and saw the gunman. He was about five hundred feet away, sitting at a very familiar black sedan. It was the driver. Where was the large passenger?
“It’s the two from the highway. And I didn’t mean for you to draw his fire, you jackass,” she scolded.
“What? It’s just bullets. I doubt they’re silver,” he replied with an apologetic look on his face.
“Well, quit that. I’m still responsible for you. Do you know how much paperwork I’d have to fill out for a prisoner shooting?” she asked with a laugh.
He smiled at her then searched the restaurant with his eyes. Hoping to find something they could use. While he was looking around, Amanda had an idea.
“Take off your shirt,” she ordered, and Eric took off both his shirts in one swift motion. “Just the button up, you doofus. I didn’t say get naked.”
“Sorry,” he replied and pulled his tee-shirt back on. He handed her the button-up shirt. She scooted her leg out and pulled a broom toward them. It wasn’t easy with all the broken glass all over the floor. Apparently one of the bullets had gone through the front door and shattered it. But this also left her with a good way to fire off a shot, if she got the chance. “Put your shirt on the broom and hold it up when I tell you to.” She looked at Eric, and he nodded.
She waited and listened, but there was no sound from the parking lot.
“I guess now,” she said, and Eric held up the shirt. A shot tore through it as Amanda sprung to her feet, turned and took a shot right at the man with the gun. The window of the sedan exploded as her bullet hit it. The man let out a second shot, and it tore through her left leg, then she fell to the ground. She managed to pull herself out of the doorway just in time as a third shot hit the floor and ricocheted through the building. “Well, shit! That didn’t work out. I guess he was taking time to line up the shots, not reload. That was three shots in under five seconds.”
Eric looked at her leg, which was bleeding profusely, and anger filled him. The bones in his face looked more pronounced, and his eyes turned golden. His cleanly shaven beard started to look more scruffy and covered his face except for his eyes and mouth.
“Turn off the belt!” he commanded in a low growl.
“You can’t. They’ll tear you apart,” she argued.
“Turn off the belt!” he said louder. He now had fangs in his mouth and claws on his hands, which were also covered in a dark fur.
Amanda fumbled with the belt, and as soon as the light on the belt and anklet turned off, Eric jumped through the window beside them. She poked her head around the corner carefully and saw Eric running at the gunman. The passenger from earlier finally appeared and rushed at Eric. When the two men collided, the large man went flying and landed on a car nearby, setting off its car alarm. The force appeared to have snapped his neck because he wasn’t moving. The gunman let off a shot which ripped through Eric’s chest, but it didn’t even slow him down. As the man tried to aim for a second shot, Eric jumped through the air and landed on him, killing him as he hit the ground.
Amanda struggled to her feet and limped her way out the door toward Eric, who looked like himself again but bleeding from his chest.
“You need a hospital!” she yelled as she limped toward him.
“I’ll be fine. Is the bullet still in your leg?” he asked.
“No, it went clean through, but your chest?” she asked, not giving up on her idea that he needed a hospital.
Eric lifted his shirt up. Amanda stared on lustfully and with amazement. There was no bullet hole, but he did look rather amazing. Perhaps it was the loss of blood which made her stare too long. The image of Eric’s body looked better than she could have imagined. Amanda blinked her eyes and started to feel a little light-headed.
“They weren’t silver bullets. They had no idea what I was, but they will soon,” he said sadly. He lowered his shirt and looked at Amanda curiously. She couldn’t take her eyes off him, and she was staring at him lustfully.
“How will they know?” Amanda asked as Eric put his shoulder under her arm to help her walk. Now she was really light-headed. She was glad Eric was there to lean on and damn he was strong. She squeezed his arm playfully and imagined both of his strong arms around her waist.
“Claw marks. I couldn’t stop from clawing them,” he replied then a thought hit him. “Oh shit! Caitlyn!”
“Who’s Caitlyn?” she begged as Eric rested her against her car. She looked out at the parking lot but couldn’t quite focus. Everything seemed to be getting blurry.
“My…friend,” he said suspiciously. He still didn’t trust her with this secret. “They will know I didn’t kill that man. They’ll find her. I need to get to her.”
Amanda looked at Eric, and her vision started to get worse. His voice sounded like it was underwater. And why was he swaying back and forth? Maybe it wasn’t him. The whole parking lot was moving with him.
“We should save…your…girlfriend,” she said wearily while her body tilted left then right, as she tried to stay standing.
“She’s not my girlfriend, but you come first. Your bleeding isn’t stopping,” he said as he knelt down to look at her leg.
“What are you doing down there?” she asked with a laugh then fell forward, landing on top of him.

Chapter 7
When Amanda woke, she had no idea where she was. It was dark, and the place smelled like bleach and other cleaning supplies she didn’t recognize. Off in the distance, down a long hall, she saw a single light bulb. As she tried to get to her feet, the pain in her leg assaulted her, and she cried out.
“You’re awake,” Eric said from behind her. She was surprised at how happy his voice made her. She instantly felt safe.
“Where…” she tried to talk, but her mouth was dry.
“Wait. I have some water,” he said and handed her a bottle.
She gulped it down then tried again.
“Where are we? What happened?” she asked, her voice still dry and cracking.
“You passed out on me. I panicked and found the first place I could. It’s not a fancy hotel, but they had the first aid supplies I needed to fix your leg. Well, it’s not exactly fixed, but you didn’t bleed to death.” He sounded apologetic, but she didn’t understand why. He had saved her. She would be dead right now if he weren’t the man she thought he was. His belt was turned off, and he was free to go, but he chose to stay.
“What is this place?” she asked, ignoring his apologetic tone. He didn’t need to be sorry, and she’d thank him for saving her later. Right now, it was more important to be sure they were safe.
“We’re in a school basement,” he replied.
“That explains the smell,” she said, trying to laugh. It came out more like a wheeze.
“I snuck supplies from the nurse’s office. I’m just glad it’s a weekend,” he said with a laugh.
“Wait…what day is it?” she asked frantically.
“It’s Sunday,” he replied.
“It’s Sunday?!” she exclaimed.
“You were in bad shape,” he explained. “You’ve been out for two days.”
“Did Miraven come?” she asked.
“I didn’t see her, but there were some very strange breezes for a school basement,” he said. Again Amanda tried to laugh, but her throat was still too dry.
“We should get back on the road,” she said and tried to stand up. The pain assaulted her again, and she let herself fall back on the pile of blankets Eric must have made for her.
“You need another day I think,” Eric explained. “Besides, your car is gone. They hauled it in to search for evidence.”
“Shit. My bank card and all my stuff…” she started.
“Don’t worry, I got your bag, and anything else I could, before the police arrived,” he said with a satisfied look. “I’ll get you some food. I’ve been too worried to leave you for very long. I think I can sneak to the burger place and get you something. We have…” he looked at the pile of cash in his hand. “Six dollars and…twenty four cents. I can get you a couple with that. I’d use your card, but for one, I’m not you, and two, they’d track it instantly.”
“We’re still in that town, aren’t we? What the heck was it called?” she asked.
“Umm…Dornath…Durath…something like that,” he replied. “And yes. I didn’t have much choice.” He sounded defeated, so she knew she had to say something.
“I’m not upset with you. You did a great job,” she said. He needed some encouragement. She’d be dead right now if it weren’t for him. She didn’t want him thinking she was ungrateful, but she also didn’t want to get too close. There was still the ‘friend’ standing between them. She really wanted to kiss him right now, but she needed to hold back a little longer.
“I’ll be back,” he said and got up.
“Thank you, Eric,” she said, and even in the dark, she could see his kind smile.
After Eric was gone, Amanda laid her head back and tried to rest. She hurt all over, especially her leg.
“Well isn’t he an attentive one?” a voice from behind her said.
“Quit that Miraven! Damnit! You scared the shit out of me again!” Amanda exclaimed. Although it was quieter than she had intended. Her dry throat and scratchy voice weren’t ready for laughing or yelling just yet.
“Sorry, dear. I wasn’t trying to scare you. You sure are jumpy,” she said with a laugh.
“You would think this is funny,” Amanda scolded.
“No, it’s not funny,” Miraven said apologetically. “But you sure do owe him now. How are you ever going to repay him?” Her playful voice returned.
“Hey now, he has a friend,” she said the word spitefully.
“A friend could mean many things. Don’t go assuming. You know what they say about assuming don’t you?” Miraven paused for dramatic effect. “It turns you into an ass.”
“That’s not how the saying goes,” Amanda scolded.
“You ever hear the one about the fox and the frog?” Miraven asked then was strangely quiet. “Wait, was it the donkey and the scorpion?”
“It was the fox and the scorpion,” Amanda said, clearly agitated.
“I’m pretty sure it was the donkey and the fox,” Miraven said. Amanda could hear her grin. She was doing it on purpose.
“What’s the point?” Amanda sighed.
“Friends aren’t always friends. Sometimes they are a burden around your neck,” Miraven said seriously. “One that will drown you if you don’t be careful. But Eric waded into the water anyway, because that’s the kind of man he is.”
“What does that have to do with any of the animals you just mentioned or anything else you said?” Amanda asked exasperated.
“That’s the point, dear. People don’t always say what they want to say. Even when it might clear everything up.” Amanda felt a breeze, and Miraven was gone.
Amanda let her head fall back and pondered her strange friend’s ranting. There was always a hidden meaning in her words. Maybe not so hidden this time. It was almost nonsense, but at the same time, it wasn’t.
Eric wouldn’t allow himself to explain his friend. Perhaps it wasn’t a current girlfriend. She desperately hoped for that. Maybe it was an ex-girlfriend or one he was trying to get away from. Either way, it was someone who was dragging him down with her and he couldn’t, or wouldn’t, do anything about it.
Another breeze blew Amanda’s hair into her face.
“Did I mention the bull? Maybe that will help you understand? The bull is Eric. The scorpion is you, and the friend is a cow. Does that help at all?” Miraven got a concerned look on her face. “Wait…calling her a cow sounds horrible,” Miraven said with a laugh. “Maybe she’s the donkey? Nope, not much better. Fine, she’s the cow. Cow makes more sense anyway.”
“So, I’m the scorpion who is going to sting the fox? I’m going to hurt Eric?” Amanda asked, trying to sift through Miraven’s rantings.
“No one’s a fox. Why would you ever hurt Eric? That’s just silly. I don’t think you’re paying attention,” Miraven said then vanished again.
“Miraven! Why can’t you just say what you mean?!” she yelled at no one.

Chapter 8
It was almost thirty minutes before Eric returned with two burgers. He looked so pleased with himself. Amanda felt like sleeping again, but the hunger kept her awake. As soon as Eric handed her one of the burgers, she ate it quickly then watched as Eric handed her the second.
“You need to eat too,” she complained.
“I’ll eat. Don’t worry about me,” he said with a strange smile.
“How? We’re broke now,” she argued.
“I’m a wolf. I’ll just go out hunting after you fall asleep again,” he said more seriously.
“I can’t,” Amanda argued again.
Eric pushed the burger into her hand, and a stern look came over him.
“You will eat, or I’ll make you eat.” Then he laughed. “Do you know how much paperwork there is to fill out if your captor dies?”
Amanda couldn’t stop the laugh. She reluctantly accepted the burger and ate it down quickly. She felt like she was starving.
They both froze as they heard footsteps above them. Someone was walking around in the school. Then as they sat there silently, they heard talking and more footsteps.
“Oh, shit. They’ve found us,” Amanda whispered.
“I don’t see how. I was very careful,” he said quietly.
Amanda’s eyes looked down at Eric’s waist, and the idea hit her like a brick.
“Damn it. My boss. It’s the belt, Eric. They’re tracking your belt,” she whispered.
Eric struggled with the belt, but it wouldn’t come off, so Amanda leaned forward and tried to help. As they struggled with unlocking it, Eric looked into Amanda’s eyes, and she returned his gaze. The belt unlocked, but neither of them noticed. Eric moved closer and put his hands on her shoulders. As he leaned in for a kiss, Amanda pulled back.
“No. I’m not doing this again. You still have a friend, remember?” Amanda asked quietly but angrily.
“She wouldn’t mind,” Eric whispered back.
“Wouldn’t mind?” Amanda asked a little louder.
“She’d be happy. She might even kiss you too,” he said quietly with a laugh.
“I don’t know what kind of relationship you have, but I’m not into that kind of thing,” Amanda replied full of disgust.
Before Eric could explain, he heard footsteps coming down the basement steps. Eric’s eyes grew wide. He pulled off his ankle bracelet then grabbed Amanda around the waist and pulled her to the back of the small hallway they were in. He struggled to pull off Amanda’s belt, and she slapped him.
“Let me go, you jackass,” she complained.
“I’m getting us out of here,” he explained. “You need to lose your belt too. If they’re tracking mine, they’re tracking yours.”
“Oh, shit. I’m so sorry. I thought…never mind,” she said, embarrassed that she had thought Eric was trying to…she couldn’t even think the words. Eric wasn’t like that.
As they hid in the darkness, she heard the men talking while they came down the stairs.
“When they turn to look for the switch we’ll rush by them and hope there aren’t more upstairs. Understand?” he whispered very quietly, his mouth next to her ear.
Amanda could feel his pull. Why had she turned him down? What if it was their one chance? What if he didn’t try again? She didn’t care about his friend anymore. All she could think about was his strong arms around her waist and his lips that were so close to her ear. What she wouldn’t give to have these men disappear and give her a second chance. She wouldn’t turn Eric down again.
Eric watched the two men with assault rifles walking down the stairs. They looked young and inexperienced. They were even joking about how much the basement smelled like a morgue.
“Wouldn’t it be funny if we shot him down here?” the taller, dark-haired one asked.
“Yeah,” replied the short blond one.
“We could just embalm him right here,” the taller one laughed.
“Dude. This place gives me the creeps. Let’s just find the light so we can get the hell out of here. Why would a werewolf hide in the basement of the school?” the shorter one pondered.
“Maybe he’s afraid of these silver bullets?” the taller one said while holding up his gun. It slipped from his hand, and they both laughed.
“Dude. You’re going to shoot your foot off,” the shorter one said, trying to contain his laughter.
When they turned to search for the light switch, Eric made his move. He threw Amanda’s bag over one shoulder and tossed Amanda over the other. He took off at a full sprint toward the stairs. He was nearly silent as he rushed by them, and the two young soldiers didn’t even realize he was there.
Once they were outside, Eric slowed down and tried to figure out where to go while Amanda struggled with the brightness. It was sundown, but even the small amount of daylight blinded her. She had been in a basement for days, sleeping for most of it. When her vision cleared, she saw three men coming around the side of the school with guns and uniforms.
“Eric. There’s more behind us,” she said.
Eric glanced over his shoulder and took off running again.
“I don’t know where to go,” he said, and when he came around the next building, he saw three black SUVs with more soldiers getting out. He crouched down and sat Amanda beside him while they listened.
“Major Beeks,” a soldier said and saluted the tall man.
Major Alex Beeks was at least six foot four and built like a tank. His rugged face was stern and unyielding as he spoke to his subordinates.
“I thought you tracked that belt to the school? Where the hell are they?!” he shouted.
A younger man rushed up and saluted then spoke.
“Sir, two of our men found the belt in the basement with blankets covered in blood.” He remained stiff until the Major spoke.
“You’re dismissed, soldier.” Then he turned back to the original man. “Do you think he ate her?”
“It’s a possibility, sir. He is a werewolf,” the man said then headed off while Major Beeks walked to a nearby car to give more orders.
Amanda stifled a laugh and looked at Eric.
“What?” he whispered.
“Is that what you were trying to do in the basement?” she snickered.
His face turned red.
“You know exactly what I was trying to do,” he said full of embarrassment. “But you said no.” He turned his head smugly to hide a smile.
“You caught me off guard,” she explained.
“The moment has passed,” he said, still not turning around. His huge smile would give it all away.
Amanda looked across the parking lot full of cars and saw a younger man with a long ponytail getting out of his beat-up, old car. He was humming a tune as he pulled his headphones down, then walked into the convenience store. She poked Eric, but he just pulled away.
“I said the moment has passed,” he teased.
When he refused to look, Amanda grabbed his head and forced him to look at the car.
“Look at the license plate,” she commanded. It was a Washington State license plate, and the county was the same one she was supposed to take Eric to for his trial.
“I think someone likes us,” he said and lifted his eyebrows. “Unless you’re planning to turn me in. Then someone hates me.”
“I’m not turning you in, jackass. Think you can get us over there?” Amanda asked.
“Yeah, but I don’t think he’ll just give us a ride,” Eric argued.
“We’re not asking,” Amanda said with a wink.
“Oh, come on,” he complained. “I don’t want to ride to Washington in the trunk.”
“Would you rather stay here and let them find us?” Amanda asked with a condescending look.
“Fine,” he relented then put Amanda back on his shoulder and snuck toward the vehicle.
Every few feet, he would bend down between cars whenever he heard people talking. A few times, soldiers had even passed by them on the opposite side of the same car. After a few minutes, they made it to the beat-up, old car with the Washington State license plates. He set Amanda down, and she balanced precariously on her good leg while she pulled out a pocket knife.
“These old things were made before people worried so much about getting their stuff stolen. If I can just pry it sideways…Ah ha!” she exclaimed, and the trunk popped open.
The inside looked dusty and small. She didn’t quite see how both of them would fit inside, but they had little choice. In the distance, they heard Major Beeks barking orders.
“I want a man inside every store and on every corner! He doesn’t leave here alive!” the major was shouting.
“You first,” Amanda said as she pushed Eric toward the trunk.
He squeezed himself in, then held out his hands to catch her. This was going to be a very interesting ride. They were at least three hours away. It would be cramped, dark, and very intimate. She smiled deviously as she boosted herself into the car, keeping her wounded leg as still as possible, then pulled the trunk shut behind her. Maybe she would get her second chance after all.

Chapter 9
After about an hour of lying next to each other silently, nose to nose, Eric decided to speak.
“So…” he said, mimicking the way she had sounded so many times before.
“So?” she asked.
“This is a little awkward, don’t you think?” he asked.
“I suppose you could call it that, since there isn’t a stronger word,” she said with a laugh.
“We were just starting to get along. How can I undo this?” he asked guiltily.
Amanda slid her hands up to his face. She couldn’t see him, but she could feel his smile.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“I know one way to fix the awkwardness,” she said softly as she leaned in and kissed him gently on the lips.
“I still feel awkward,” he said with a laugh and leaned forward to kiss her again. She didn’t pull away this time and had completely forgotten about his friend. He kissed her gently, but she wanted more. She pulled his face in roughly and kissed him passionately.
The back of the car started to shake, and their kiss was broken by what sounded like a flat tire.
“You have no luck with tires,” he said.
“That was just starting to get good too,” she said dejectedly in response.
Suddenly they both realized what was about to happen. The car was slowing. Their unwitting chauffer was about to open the trunk and find two stowaways.
“Oh, shit!” they both exclaimed in unison.
“What do we do?” Amanda asked.
“Smile?” Eric asked in return as the trunk opened.
Jonathan’s eyes were huge and bloodshot. He blinked a few times when he saw two people in the trunk of his car looking like they had just been caught kissing…because they had. He pulled off his glasses and wiped them on his shirt while he squinted down at them.
“What are you doing in my trunk?” he asked, clearly under the influence of something. A sober person would have freaked out or screamed, gotten angry, something. It looked like Jonathan was trying to decide if they were real.
Amanda thought quickly. She clumsily got out of the trunk and grabbed her badge. She shoved it in Jonathan’s face, and that was when he freaked out.
“You’re cops?!” he yelled. “I wasn’t…I didn’t…I mean…hello officer,” he stuttered, trying to act calm. He brushed his messy hair backward and tugged on his ponytail to make sure it was secure, then put one hand on his hip and tried to act cool.
Amanda hopped on her good leg, while Eric got out and put her arm over his shoulder to support her.
“Eric,” she said, looking at him. “I think we’re in the wrong car.”
Eric tried to keep up.
“Yes, I think we are. Where are we?” he asked Jonathan.
“Umm…” Jonathan stuttered while he looked around for a sign. “I think we’re in Washington? Were you the ones they were looking for in Montana?”
“Yes,” Amanda started. She looked at Eric for help.
“It was a training exercise. We must have gotten in the wrong trunk. We were playing the fugitives.” He looked at Amanda and made a grim face, hoping he was taking her cues correctly.
“Let me change this tire, and I’ll take you back,” Jonathan offered, clearly buying everything they were saying.
“No!” they both shouted.
“I mean,” Amanda started.
Eric sniffed the air and smiled.
“We wouldn’t want you to get in trouble,” he said with a devious grin.
“Umm…” Jonathan stumbled. “What for?” he asked, his voice getting higher.
Amanda looked at Eric and hoped he knew what he was doing.
“Well, some of our colleagues aren’t as open-minded when it comes to pot,” he looked at Amanda confidently. “The dogs would smell that stuff a mile away.”
Amanda finally saw where he was going and jumped in to help.
“Yes, this was all a mistake. We wouldn’t want you going to jail for possession. No harm, no foul. You seem like a nice guy.” She moved closer to Jonathan and took her arm off Eric, placing it on Jonathan’s shoulders. “We’ll just keep this between us three. I think my…our boss will get a kick out of it if we call him from the next town and let him know we escaped.”
Jonathan looked worried, then confused. Finally, revelation struck him.
“Oh, I get it. You’re the fugitives, and you actually escaped. I guess that doesn’t happen very often?” he asked, scratching his scruffy chin.
“Actually, it doesn’t,” Amanda replied.
“Yes, I think we’ll get that promotion,” Eric added.
“So, I helped you?” Jonathan asked. He rubbed his hand over his face, clearly stoned out of his mind. “Want a ride to town after I fix this thing?” he asked.
“No, thanks. We need the exercise,” Amanda said quickly.
“But your leg?” Jonathan asked.
“It’s fake…part of the exercise. I’ll be fine,” she replied and nudged Eric.
“Oh, yeah. She’s fine. Good luck,” Eric said then supported Amanda as they walked off toward a sign that said Brighton, Six Miles.
After about a hundred feet, Eric looked at her curiously.
“Why did you turn down the ride? It’s six miles, and your leg wound isn’t fake.” He continued to stare at her waiting for the answer.
“Did you see how stoned he was? If he can somehow manage to change the tire before a cop comes by, I doubt he’ll make it to town. I’m actually surprised we made it this far.” She looked at him with a cunning grin. “Besides, you’re a big strong man. If my leg bothers me too much, you’ll just carry me, right?”
“Umm…I’m not sure I can carry you for six miles.” He grinned at her guiltily, and she laughed.
“It was a joke, Eric. I can make it,” she replied.
Before long, they were approaching the edge of town, and Jonathan’s car still hadn’t passed them. It seemed as if Amanda had called it correctly. They noticed a hotel at the edge of town and continued toward it. Eric supported her bad leg while she hobbled along, much slower than when they had started.
“I see that look,” Amanda said to Eric.
“There was no look,” Eric lied.
“You’re wondering what will happen when we get into the room,” she said with a grin.
“Maybe,” he admitted.
“I vote we pick up our conversation from the trunk in the morning. My leg is killing me, and I’m about ready to pass out,” she said apologetically. “I’m really sorry.”
“I understand,” he replied with disappointment.
“You can lay beside me and keep me warm?” she asked with raised eyebrows.
“Actually, that sounds nice,” he replied, and his smile returned.
When they entered the hotel, Amanda almost fell into bed. Eric curled up beside her, and within minutes she was out.

Chapter 10
At three in the morning, Amanda woke when Eric tried to sneak out of bed. She was about to say something, then she heard him open the door. She sat up and looked around the hotel, but he was already gone.
Was this all a ploy to get away from her? No, Eric wasn’t like that. He’d had plenty of chances to escape. He didn’t have to save her, but he did. This man put his life in danger to save hers. She needed more information. This couldn’t be what it looked like.
Amanda eased her way up, being careful not to put too much weight on her leg and hobbled to the window. When she pulled the curtain open, she saw a pretty brunette, a few inches taller than her, with an amazing figure. Even in the tee-shirt and jeans she wore, Amanda had to admit it. This girl was very pretty, young, maybe eighteen, but very pretty.
Eric walked up to her, and the look on his face made Amanda’s stomach fall. He was extremely happy to see her. She looked at the woman’s face, and the same love was on hers as well. Amanda couldn’t hear what they were saying, but the long tender hug almost made her want to rip her hair out. She’d fallen for it again! Eric was using her or using Caitlyn, which is who she assumed the woman was. Or worse, he was using both of them. How had she been so stupid? Who knew how many women the ruggedly handsome Eric was stringing along?
Amanda picked up a pillow and screamed into it angrily as she watched Eric playfully brush the hair out of Caitlyn’s eyes while he stared at her lovingly and laughed. Eric was so good at this. Even Miraven had fallen for his act. She needed to do something, say something.
Just as she was hobbling her way to the door, Caitlyn walked back to her car, got in, and took off. Amanda saw Eric walking back to the hotel room. His face was lit up like she’d never seen it. Amanda changed directions and hopped back to the bed and flopped down. She squirmed a little and tried to remember what position she was in then shut her eyes and waited.
She heard the door open quietly. He was being very sneaky. Then she heard him slip off his shoes and felt his weight on the bed. She couldn’t take it anymore. She couldn’t stand the thought of him touching her, let alone what she had planned to do with him in the morning.
Amanda shot up in bed and saw the look of surprise on Eric’s face.
“You’re up,” he stated with confusion.
“Oh, I bet you’re worried now aren’t you, buddy?!” she asked angrily and pushed herself up onto her good leg. She angrily grabbed her bag and hopped to the end of the bed. “You’re asking yourself how much I saw. How much do I know? Hmm? That’s what’s going through your head right now isn’t it?” She looked at him hatefully.
“Wait…” he started, but she didn’t let him finish.
“I bet you thought you could keep this up for a few more weeks. Well, I found out before I did anything stupid. Jokes on you, buddy. You’re not that sneaky.” She wasn’t sure how her statement was such a vicious insult, but she also couldn’t sort through all the anger she felt. She wanted to hit him, but that would just hurt her hand.
“I…” he started again but again she interrupted.
“You know what?! Go fuck yourself! I’m done with you, and I’m done with men like you!” She fumed, and Eric was afraid to open his mouth again. “You know what?! I’m done with men period! Maybe I’ll go find a woman! At least a woman wouldn’t do that to me!” She hopped her way to the door, and Eric saw his chance.
“Wait, I can explain,” he begged.
“Oh, I bet you’d like that!” she said while holding on to the door. “Sweet talk me into sleeping with you. Well, you almost had me, but you just couldn’t keep it in your pants, could you? I wouldn’t put out, so you called your other girl…Oh, I’m sorry. Your friend.” She tried to do finger quotes but holding a bag and standing on one leg nearly made her fall over.
“Ok, just a minute. It’s…” Eric said, his frustration building, but she cut him off once more.
“You can go fuck yourself, and Caitlyn can go fuck herself. Hell! I paid for the room. Why not fuck me over once more and do her right here?! I bet that would turn you on, wouldn’t it?!” she was almost screaming while about to cry.
“Wait a minute. You’ve…” he started, but once more she didn’t let him finish.
“Fuck off!” she said and opened the door then slammed it on the way out. She hobbled away quickly, hoping to get away before Eric could chase her down, but she heard the door open before she had left the parking lot.
“Wait, Amanda,” he begged.
Amanda turned around, determined to shut him up.
“Shut up, Eric!” she screamed. “Just leave me alone!” Now she was crying. She couldn’t hold back the tears any longer, and they streamed down her face.
He started toward her, his face full of worry, so she pulled herself up straight and looked at him full of hatred.
“Leave me the fuck alone!” she said slowly then realized she’d have to cross a line if she wanted him to listen. “So help me if you don’t turn around and shut up I’ll tell them about Caitlyn. I know it all. Don’t make me do this.”
Eric stopped dead in his tracks. She had finally gotten him to stop, but she needed to make sure he really understood how much he’d hurt her.
“I never want to see you again, Eric. Not in a day. Not in a year. Not in my entire life. If you ever come near me again, I’ll tell everyone what Caitlyn did.” She stared angrily at Eric. He looked at the ground, defeated, turned, and went back inside.
When she was sure Eric was gone, she started back toward the bus station she had noticed earlier. Slowly she hobbled her way there while crying and yelling at herself.
“Why me? Do I have a fucking sign on my head that says screw me over? I must enjoy it,” she sobbed. “I must have something broken inside me that draws me to these kinds of men.” She leaned against the wall at the entrance to the bus station while deciding where to go. “Do I enjoy being hurt over and over again?”
She saw the sign for the bathroom and decided to wash her face. She didn’t want everyone to know a man she cared about had just screwed her over…again. She made her way inside and saw Miraven on the counter. Miraven looked sad and sympathetic, but Amanda wasn’t in the mood for her stupid stories.
“Go away, Miraven,” she said quietly.
“But, dear. I think I need to explain something,” Miraven said calmly.
“Oh, you’re sticking up for him?!” she yelled, and it echoed through the empty bathroom.
“No, it’s not like that,” Miraven tried to explain, but Amanda wouldn’t let her.
“You know what?” she asked angrily as she searched through her bag. When she found what she was looking for, she pulled out a set of headphones. “You can go fuck yourself too,” she said spitefully and put her headphones on.
“You don’t understand,” Miraven pleaded, so Amanda turned up the volume. She hated this song, but it was better than hearing excuses for the two-timing, conniving, despicable…man!
Amanda watched and grinned evilly as Miraven’s lips moved, but no sound came out. The music might make her deaf, but at least Miraven was silent. Amanda bent down and washed off her face then smiled cruelly at Miraven and mouthed the words. ‘I can’t hear you.’ Then Amanda hopped out of the bathroom.
She turned down the music to hear what the attendant was asking her and put her headphones around her neck.
“Where to?” the older man asked with a kind smile.
“You know what? I want to go home,” she said, surprising herself. She put her card on the counter, then asked. “I have like fifty bucks left. How close will that get me to Volan Texas?”
The man looked at her face, and it was clear that she’d been crying. Even washing off the tears couldn’t hide her puffy, red eyes. His heart went out to her.
“You know what? It just so happens there’s a special on tickets to Volan Texas, tonight only,” he said with a smile and grabbed the card she put down, then hit a few buttons, and a ticket to Volan Texas printed out. He handed Amanda back her card and smiled.
“Thank you,” she replied.
“You have a nice night,” he replied with a cheerful smile.
She found a seat near the back and moved to the window. She sat her bag between her feet and leaned back. A rush of wind caused her anger to return, and when she looked over, Miraven was sitting in the seat next to her.
Miraven turned and started to talk again. Quickly Amanda pulled her headphones back on and smirked while the music blared. Miraven huffed and pulled one of the earpieces away then spoke.
“You’ll have to listen to me eventually,” she said.
Amanda pulled off the headphones and stared at her angrily.
“No…I…don’t,” she said, emphasizing every word. Then she put the headphones back on and grinned while looking at the ceiling.
When Miraven tried to pull the earpiece away again, Amanda slapped her hand. Finally, Miraven huffed and vanished. Amanda grinned then turned the music down to a respectable level and let her thoughts drift. She didn’t want to think about Eric. She didn’t want to think about Miraven. All she wanted was her job back.
After a quick shower and some clean clothes, she was going to head in and demand an explanation for what had happened. She would deny anything nonsensical and claim that Eric had overpowered her and escaped. It was a plausible story. She might even say Eric kidnapped her. Who could refute her story? The only two witnesses were dead. As she sat and thought about what she would tell her boss, fatigue set in. Before she knew it, she was asleep and on her way back home.

Chapter 11
Amanda hummed a tune, probably one that had played on her headphones while she slept, and looked through her drawers. She wanted to look professional and pretty, without wearing her uniform. She was technically not a Marshal any longer, so wearing it would be tacky. She pulled out a nice, knee-length, tan skirt, and a button-up blouse with a low collar. It wasn’t low enough to show any cleavage, but it looked very sharp. For this occasion, she was even willing to wear heels. She wanted to let them know she was the same woman whom they had trusted for the last few years.
She grabbed her clothes and headed to the bathroom. A quick shower then some professional clothes and people wouldn’t even be able to guess what she’d been through. When she entered the bathroom, Miraven was sitting on the counter.
Amanda’s anger grew, and she stormed out of the bathroom.
“I’m not listening,” she said and tossed her clothes on the couch then covered her ears.
When Miraven followed her to the living room, Amanda rushed to the bathroom, slammed the door then locked it.
“I’m covering my ears and turning on the shower. I can’t hear you,” she said loudly. She turned the knob on the shower, and the water came on. Suddenly the door was pulled off its hinges and thrown across the apartment. An angry wraith stood in the doorway.
Amanda had seen Miraven as the wraith several times, but this was the first time she was actually scared. Miraven looked furious. She charged Amanda and pushed her up against the wall.
“You are going to listen to me even if I have to force you!” she yelled. The wraith faded and was replaced with a very angry Miraven.
“I’m listening,” Amanda said sheepishly.
“I didn’t spend all these years trying to find you the perfect man only to have you throw it away!” Miraven yelled. “I’ve made some mistakes in my life. Believe me. I owe the Bauer family a debt I can never repay, but this is just plain stupidity!”
“What does the Bauer family have to do with anything?” Amanda asked full of confusion.
“I found Eric because I was watching over their family. His mother’s maiden name was Bauer,” Miraven said, calming down.
“So, you set me up with Eric because you owed him?!” Amanda asked, her own rage rising. She pushed Miraven, then Miraven pushed her against the wall again.
“I said you are going to listen. Don’t jump to conclusions. Don’t go off yelling before you know the whole story. That’s what got you into this mess in the first place!” Miraven scowled at her and Amanda’s rage vanished.
Miraven backed away and calmed down.
“You are the most important person in the whole world to me. I didn’t set you up with Eric because of some debt. I found him because of it. I set you up with Eric because he was the first man I have ever found who was worthy of you. If anything, I’m doing him a favor. He’s just damn lucky he’s good enough for you.” Miraven sounded sad now.
“Oh, yeah. Just what I deserve. A lying, cheating, backstabbing son of a bitch,” Amanda said then cringed, waiting for her friend to get angry again. What she got wasn’t anger. It was a strange smile.
“You’re going into the office. Maybe you should do some research. Look up Eric Bane and his mother, Felicia Bauer. See what else you find.” Miraven said with a smirk.
“Maybe I will!” Amanda said angrily.
“Good. Maybe you’ll find out the friend, who isn’t a friend, might be your friend,” Miraven said then vanished.
“You just had to leave with a riddle, didn’t you?!” Amanda yelled into the empty apartment. “And you better fix my damn door!” Amanda turned and smiled as she got ready for her shower. She was the most important person in the world to Miraven, and it felt wonderful to hear her say it.

Chapter 12
Amanda walked into the Marshal’s office with her head held high. She still had a limp but was covering it well. It was doubtful her leg would heal anytime soon, but if she let people see she had been shot, it would lead to some uncomfortable questions. Her badge and gun sat on top of the folded uniform she carried. She walked by the security desk and, to her surprise, no one seemed aware of the mess she’d made. They said their normal hellos, and a few of the guards even commented on how nice she looked today. She was feeling confident when she entered the elevator, but it all went away when the doors opened on the fifth floor.
Standing on the other side of the doors were her boss and two men dressed in black suits. She could see their guns in shoulder holsters, and they had no badges. She hadn’t expected The Order to be here and now there was no way out. A realization hit Amanda like a truck. This explained it. The Order tracking her belt, the phone call to her boss, all of it. Gene was in The Order, or at the very least, helping them. With no options, Amanda did the only thing she could think of. She played along.
“I’ve come to explain what happened with Eric Bane,” she said confidently. She held out her uniform, badge, and gun, and her boss took them politely.
“You’ll have plenty of time for that. These two men are from the special interrogation unit of the FBI. They would like to hear your story at their office. If they like what they hear, you might even get your job back,” her boss said with a pasted-on grin.
FBI? They weren’t FBI, and he damn well knew it. She wasn’t going for questioning. She was going to be whisked away, never to be heard from again. Amanda almost lost her temper. Having Gene stand there and lie to her face was infuriating. Did he think she was stupid? Instead of letting her anger control her, she stood up a little taller and spoke like a Marshal.
“I would like to give my statement here if you don’t mind,” she said confidently. Surely they wouldn’t want to make a scene. As Amanda glanced around the office, fear took over. There was no one to make a scene for. The office was empty.
One of the men took a step toward her and hit her with a Taser, knocking her out.
“I told you she wouldn’t buy it. She’s a lot smarter than you give her credit for,” the man said to Amanda’s boss. “You better watch yourself, Gene. You’re on thin ice here. We might have to question you next.” The man grinned evilly, and Amanda’s boss swallowed hard before grabbing Amanda’s stuff and hurrying to his office.
Within an hour, Amanda woke up in a dirty, cold room, strapped to a chair similar to a dentist’s chair. Her arms were strapped down as were her legs and there was an IV in her arm. She couldn’t make out much in the dim light, but what she saw was terrifying.
There were shelves on one wall, stocked with various medicines. To her left was an empty area with only a small stand, perched on top of wheels to allow it to move around. The tray on top of the stand was what worried her. It was for instruments, surgical instruments. Then to her right was a machine that hummed quietly and pumped whatever they were giving her through the IV. Behind the machine was a series of counters covered with various papers and vials. A tall man in a white lab coat worked away and hadn’t noticed she was awake yet.
They were going to torture her. Her fear started to rise and, as she laid there, trying to figure out what to do, it overtook her, and she cried out.
“Where the hell am I?!” she asked.
The man in the lab coat approached her nervously. He had thick glasses and short brown hair, which was parted down the middle. He walked hunched over and looked agitated.
“Shh,” he told her while glancing at the door. “If they hear you, they’ll start. Let yourself rest a little while. That leg wound was pretty bad. I fixed it up, but you still need your rest.”
“Who are you? Where am I?” she asked quietly, full of fright. She wasn’t sure why she was so afraid. She was in a strange place, strapped to a chair, but somehow her fear seemed overwhelming.
“You’re in an Order detention facility.” He glanced over his shoulder and saw a large man peeking inside. “Oh, no. They know you’re awake. Try to remain calm. The first few times will just be threats and questions. They won’t start hurting you for a while. I told them you were weak from the wound. Save your strength.” He fiddled with the nobs on the machine running her IV then scampered back to his workstation and kept his head down.
“What’s your name?” she asked quietly.
“Camdon Ren,” he replied, then tried to look busy as two large men entered.
The larger of the two was bald, with an angry look on his face. There was a scar on his left forearm, and one of his fingers was missing. The other man was only slightly shorter and much thinner. He had a cruel look and neatly trimmed black hair. The way he looked at Amanda told her he enjoyed hurting people.
“Let’s get to know each other Amanda,” the larger man said. “My name is Oscar, and this is Fred.” He pointed at his evil-looking friend.
“We’re going to ask you some questions, and if you don’t answer them truthfully, we’ll start hurting you.” The look on Fred’s face told her he wanted her to lie.
“Eric Bane kidnapped me and kept me in a school basement then forced me into the trunk of a car,” Amanda said quickly. She was terrified. She didn’t even understand why. She had stared down, scarier men. Eric would have made these two run screaming from the room when he was angry. And then there was Miraven. She was absolutely terrifying. Why was she so scared of two humans?
“We know all about that,” Oscar said.
“It didn’t quite go like you say, but we’ll let you have that little lie. We just want Eric and Caitlyn,” Fred added.
“I don’t know where they are. We ended up in a town I can’t remember, and she took off in a car. I left the first chance I got. Eric was still in the hotel,” Amanda said. She wasn’t about to tell them anything that might lead them to Eric or Caitlyn. Despite her threat to Eric, and that’s all it had been, she would never turn them in. She suddenly felt more anxious. Her fear was rising quickly, and she couldn’t control it.
“We’ll keep going over this until you give us what we want,” Oscar sneered.
Fred picked up a tool with a handle and a long sharp end that looked almost like a large curved needle. He brought it over to Amanda and ran it across her leg. She felt the sharp, needle-like tool, scratch across her bare skin and her heart raced in her chest.
“Not yet, Fred,” Oscar scolded.
“Just a little?” Fred asked.
“Let’s give her time to think about it. She’s a smart girl. I’m sure she will cooperate,” Oscar said then they both headed to the door. Fred left the sharp tool in the tray on the way out and gave her a creepy stare before shutting the door.
When they were gone, Camdon walked back over and adjusted some nobs on the machine again then looked down on her with pity.
“I’m sorry for the IV. Your leg was infected pretty badly. I have to get the anti-biotics just right so you will heal faster. They will be torturing you eventually. If I let you die, they’ll hurt me too.” He pulled up his sleeve, and she saw long scars up his arm. The ones on Oscar’s arm looked like claw marks, the ones on Camdon’s looked like the result of manmade tools. Possibly done with the tool Fred had been holding.
Amanda started to calm down, and her anxiety faded, then her heartbeat slowed.
“Is there any way to sneak out of here?” she asked.
Camdon looked around nervously. He checked the door three times before answering.
“Maybe,” he said slowly.
“We could both go,” she added. Her eyes were feeling droopy.
“You need your rest first. Give me some time to get you better before you try to escape. Oscar will keep Fred at bay until they are sure you won’t talk. Maybe give them something small. It doesn’t matter how small. Just bide your time until I can make you better. A day, maybe two, and you’ll feel good as new.” Camdon looked down at her compassionately then went back to his work. After he walked away, Amanda fell asleep.
Amanda woke in a few hours, and her heart was pounding again. It took her a minute to realize where she was. When she looked down, she was wearing different clothes. She now had on a plain brown jumpsuit, like prisoners wore, but brown instead of orange. Again she was strapped to the chair, and the IV was in her arm.
“Where are my clothes?” she asked frantically. She wasn’t sure why, but it terrified her to be in different clothes.
“Shh,” Camdon hushed her then looked at the door. Oscar was peering in, and a cruel smile spread across his face. “You need to be quiet when you wake. Let them think you’re still recovering. It will take them longer to get to the pain.”
Amanda looked at the doorway where Fred and Oscar were entering, and it felt like her heart was going to come flying out of her chest. She had never felt so scared in her entire life. Her hands were shaking, and every muscle in her body was tense.
“No!” She yelled fearfully as Fred picked up the sharp tool again and pricked his finger with it.
“We don’t want to hurt you. Just tell us how to find Eric,” Oscar said calmly.
“Or don’t tell us,” Fred said with a creepy grin. He stared at the tool lustfully, and Amanda’s heart started beating faster.
She thought she might have a heart attack. Then she started gasping for air and didn’t really understand why. She had heard about panic attacks, but someone telling you about one was nothing like the real thing. The more she gasped for air, the less air she got. Somehow her lungs were doing exactly the opposite of what she wanted them to. Amanda grabbed the arms of the chair tightly and squeezed, while trying to force her lungs to let air in. But no matter how hard she tried, they wouldn’t obey. She was suffocating!
“She’s having a panic attack!” Camdon said, his voice no longer cowardly. He rushed over to her and turned a few nobs on the machine running her IV. It was strange how his voice sounded different than before. Soon Amanda was feeling droopy again. Her heart slowed, and the gasping stopped. She looked at Camdon curiously as her eyelids got heavier.
“We’ll continue this later. Sweet dreams, Amanda,” Fred said with a cruel quality to his voice.
The next time Amanda woke, she knew she was somewhere else. Her arms weren’t strapped, and whatever was under her felt like a mattress. She kept her eyes closed and listened. She could make out three muffled voices, all men, arguing in the distance. They were probably in the next room, maybe watching her. She couldn’t let them know she was awake. As she laid there and listened, she realized they weren’t arguing. Someone was scolding, and the other two were begging for leniency.
“Fred was just doing what you told him to,” Oscar begged fearfully.
“I didn’t mean to give her a panic attack,” Fred added, sounding just as frightened.
“Well tone it down. The mixture heightens her adrenalin production. You pushed it too far. We want her scared, not dead,” Camdon said in a commanding voice.
“Yes, general,” they said one after the other.
“Give her a day to sleep it off. We’ll start again tomorrow. And one of you go get some damn food so I can feed her!” General Ren said, then Amanda heard a door slam.
She was in a lot of trouble. They were pumping her full of drugs to elicit a fear response while Camdon was trying to gain her trust. They wanted her so afraid of Oscar and Fred that she would turn to the meek Camdon, who was actually in charge. Her hopes were dashed. Camdon wasn’t going to help her get out of here. She was never getting out of here.
Amanda cautiously opened her eyes and saw the room. It was small, maybe ten feet wide and ten feet deep. In one corner was a toilet and on the opposite wall was the bed she was on. She could see the door that kept her locked in. It wasn’t a prison door with bars. It was solid steel with a small window. This wasn’t a cell in county lockup. This was a place where you kept long term prisoners. They had no intention of ever letting her out of here.
Amanda’s heart sank, and as she continued searching the room, she noticed the camera. It was hidden in the top corner of the room, right above the toilet. She barely noticed it, and to be fair, most people probably wouldn’t have seen it in the shadows. There was a metal mirror bolted to the ceiling in this corner, and just below it, the lens peeked out.
Amanda’s brain wasn’t looking for a way out yet, but she was collecting pieces of information that might help her escape someday. She knew it was a long shot, but she also knew that no one would be coming to save her. If she was going to get out, she had to do it herself.
How she wished she’d been nicer to Miraven the last time she’d spoken to her. Miraven had always told Amanda that she wasn’t allowed to directly interfere in the lives of mortals, but at least Amanda might have someone to talk to. The guilt welled up inside her. Miraven was quirky and ridiculous, but even she didn’t deserve the way Amanda had treated her. The silly wraith was just trying her best to fulfill a bargain she had made a long time ago. A smile crept onto Amanda’s face. Maybe it was more than just a bargain. Miraven didn’t seem like she minded. In fact, Miraven had said Amanda was the most important person in the world to her.
The loud sound of a metal bar being pulled, back then the screech of the door hinges, pulled Amanda from her daydreams. In the doorway stood Camdon, holding a tray. He was playing at the humble servant again. Amanda almost grinned but forced herself to look desperate instead. She couldn’t let them know how much she had learned already. She wasn’t going to fight her way out of this place, her only hope was information, and she had very little right now.
Camdon set the food on the floor then turned to leave.
“Wait, Camdon,” Amanda pleaded.
“I can’t stay,” he said meekly.
“I hope I didn’t get you into too much trouble. I don’t know what happened. I just couldn’t breathe,” she said, trying to play along with what she assumed they wanted.
“It’s ok,” Camdon said, and a smile slipped out.
“How long do I have before they start again?” Amanda asked, trying to sound afraid but not too afraid. She wanted Camdon to believe his plan was working. He needed to think she was scared of Oscar and Fred but not him. Truthfully, she was scared of all of them, but fear wasn’t going to get her out of this place. Maybe she could coax something out of Camdon?
“They said you could sleep tonight but in the morning…” he looked at her with fake empathy.
“I understand. Thanks for everything,” Amanda said and looked down at her food.
“Why don’t you just tell them something,” Camdon urged. “Anything. Just something small.”
“Let me think about it,” she got up slowly, and Camdon took a step back as she approached. Before she got to Camdon, she reached down and grabbed the tray then limped back to her bed.
“I’ll see you in the morning, Amanda. Try to think of something small you can give them. Just buy us time. I’ll figure a way out eventually,” he said then left.
Amanda heard the door bolt then Camdon walking down the hall. Did he realize his footsteps changed when he was done portraying the lab geek? Perhaps they were used to dealing with people who were either too scared or too dumb to pick up on the small mistakes? Then again, maybe this was something new for them. Either way, Amanda needed time and playing along seemed to be the best option for now.
Amanda ate her food and was careful not to look at the camera. She knew they were watching, so she had to keep up the act. She pretended to sob into her hands a few times, then laid down and thought about how she might escape. Soon the urge to sleep was more powerful than her desire to find a way out, and she drifted off.

Chapter 13
In the morning, Amanda woke up strapped to the chair again. She kept her eyes shut tight and heard footsteps that sounded like Camdon’s.
“Are you awake, Amanda?” he whispered.
“I’m awake, Camdon. Thanks for all your help. How long until I’m well enough to try and escape?” she asked quietly while keeping her eyes shut.
She needed to push the escape with Camdon, so he didn’t get suspicious. Although she knew he wasn’t going to help her escape, she needed him to think she was still buying his story. If she gave up on the escape, he would know something was up.
“Maybe tomorrow,” he said quietly. “The anti-biotics are healing you up quickly. Just try to act tired and avoid baiting Fred. He’s unstable.”
“I’ll try,” Amanda said, keeping her eyes shut tight. She laid there for a few minutes, trying to remember what the room looked like.
There had to be something to help her escape. If she could get that tool from Fred, she could cut the straps on her arms. Maybe she could grab something on her way out? Although they usually took her out when she was out cold. No, she needed to grab something before they took her out and just hope they didn’t search her. She could hide things away in her room and use them to escape. That was the only plan that even had a chance of working…well…unless they messed up and left a strap too loose or left something unlocked. But that was very unlikely. This was The Order, not some naïve kidnappers.
She opened her eyes and watched as Oscar noticed. She needed more information, and Camdon wasn’t giving her anything useful. Maybe Oscar and Fred would. There had to be a way out of this place. Perhaps something she wasn’t seeing yet. The two buffoons might slip up. She now doubted Camdon would. He was good at this, Oscar and Fred were not.
“They saw me,” she said, acting scared. Her heart was pounding, but she knew the reason now. It wasn’t fear. It was adrenalin. If she just kept her mind focused, she could use that to her advantage. Let them see what they were expecting and find a way out or even just a clue. Stringing them along gave her time.
“You weren’t supposed to open your eyes,” Camdon said then walked over to the machine and adjusted the dials. “They’re coming.” He quickly walked back to his station.
Amanda could feel her heart rate increasing even more. They were slowly increasing the dosage to see just how much she could handle. Yesterday they must have pushed it too far. If they weren’t careful, they really would give her a heart attack. She tried to ease her breathing as Fred and Oscar walked closer. She couldn’t let this escalate into another panic attack. That wouldn’t help her find a way out. They’d just knock her out again, and she’d wake up in that cell.
This time Fred didn’t reach for the tool, and he seemed more reserved. The general had told him to tone it down. It was almost amusing. Amanda searched Oscar and Fred, but neither had so much as a pen on them. This was a dead end.
All that was left was to see if she could get them to give her information. She was running out of options and probably running out of time. She wouldn’t be able to keep this up for long before they got suspicious and moved on to the real torture.
“Where are Eric and Caitlyn? Where do they live?” Oscar demanded.
“Why do you care about Caitlyn?” Amanda asked. She could find out how much they knew. Perhaps give them a small piece of information that would buy her more time, yet give them nothing real in return. Send them on a wild goose chase perhaps?
“Answer the questions,” Fred said forcefully. He was laying off the creepy persona, but he was still trying to scare her, just in a different way.
“I don’t know. Eric never told me,” Amanda said and cringed. She needed to act afraid. She forced herself to cry. “Eric never told me anything,” she sobbed.
Camdon hurried over and reached for the nob, but Amanda shouted at him.
“Don’t put me to sleep! I just want this to be over! I want to go home! I’ll tell you whatever you want!” she cried. She stared at Camdon pitifully and could almost see the gears in his brain turning. He thought he was getting somewhere.
“Then tell us,” Oscar said, and she caught the look he gave Camdon. Oscar wanted to make sure he should go on. She had them. They were eating it up.
“Why do you need Caitlyn? What does she have to do with anything?” she sobbed. “I’ve never even met her. I saw her once, getting into a car, that was it.”
Fred got close to her and sneered.
“She’s half human and half werewolf. We want to study her.” He tried his best to look menacing. “Besides, if we find her, Eric won’t be far behind. He’d never leave his half-sister unless he had to. He’d do anything for her.”
Amanda quit her fake crying, and her mouth fell open. She stared at them with huge eyes. This was not at all what she had hoped to learn. She wanted something that would help her get out of here, but this news hit her hard. Perhaps it was the mixture of drugs and the sheer surprise, but she couldn’t stop herself from blurting out what came to mind.
“Caitlyn is his sister?!” Amanda yelled, and a smile spread across her face. That was the final straw. It was true. She really was stupid. Stupid for not letting Eric talk. Eric was exactly the man she thought he was. She was the one who was lacking this time. If she had just let him talk…
“His half-sister,” Fred corrected.
“Put her to sleep,” Oscar said frantically, and Camdon rushed to the knobs. Amanda’s smile faded as she passed out.
Within a few hours, Amanda woke in her cell once more. She sat up, then leaned forward and put her head in her hands as she thought. She started to smile as she thought about Caitlyn being Eric’s sister, then her smile was replaced with frustration.
This was just perfect! What a mess she’d made. Miraven was right. She’d started yelling before she knew the whole story. Amanda had assumed Eric was like all the other men in her life, but he wasn’t. If she had just listened to what Eric was trying to say she wouldn’t be in this mess. Perhaps she’d be hiding somewhere with Eric right now. That idea sounded a whole hell of a lot better than being and Order prisoner.
In the other room, she could hear the muffled voices again.
“Are you sure she even knows anything?” Oscar was asking.
“I’m certain she knows something,” General Ren said. His voice sounded like it was moving, and she heard footsteps. Was General Ren unsure of himself? He was pacing nervously. Maybe she could use that.
“Let’s try one more time. If she says nothing we’ll just move on to the torture,” Fred said.
“Yes, of course,” General Ren replied absentmindedly. “I just can’t get over the feeling that I should know her. Amanda Sindel…Amanda Sindel…why can’t I see it? I know that name.”
“Probably heard her name before or something,” Fred offered.
“Maybe…” General Ren said then Amanda heard him walk off.
“Get the room ready,” Oscar said.
“Got it,” Fred replied.
Well, this was it. She had one more chance to either find a way out or get information that would help her escape. After her next session, they would start the torture. Amanda’s stomach felt queasy. She wasn’t sure what kind of torture The Order used, but she knew she didn’t want to find out.
She heard footsteps coming toward her door, and her heart raced. This time it wasn’t from the drugs, she was actually afraid. She nearly jumped as the bolt on the door was thrown back, and the creaking of the hinges filled her small cell.
“Get up!” Oscar ordered. Fred stood behind him with what looked like a cattle prod. “No funny business or Fred gets to use one of his toys.”
Amanda walked slowly forward. Oscar moved over and let her walk by. Perhaps Fred’s act wasn’t an act. The man seemed to enjoy the idea of hurting her.
Amanda forced herself to walk down the hall toward a door marked ‘Interrogation.’ Once at the door, Oscar opened it, and Camdon was inside…so was the chair. Fred gave her a shove when she didn’t move quickly enough; then Oscar grabbed her arm.
“Into the chair. This is your last chance. Tell us something, or we’ll let Fred do his thing,” Oscar said.
Amanda sat in the chair and remained still as Oscar strapped her in. She searched her mind for something to tell them, anything that might drag this on. She winced as Camdon put the IV into her arm again. When Camdon was finished, and the machine was going, she felt the drugs accelerate her heart.
“Well, ask me a question,” Amanda blurted out. “I don’t know where they went, but maybe there’s something I saw or heard.” She sounded terrified, and it was partially the drugs, but some of it was real. She needed to find something to hold them off just a little longer, and she needed to find it now!
“What kind of car did Caitlyn drive?” Oscar asked and glanced at Camdon.
“Umm…” Amanda said and acted like she was thinking. She knew exactly what kind of car Caitlyn drove. It was a blue Mustang, older, possibly late seventies. But she wasn’t about to tell them. “I think it was silver. It was nighttime…let me think,” Amanda pretended to struggle with her memories. “A truck. Yes, it was a silver pickup.”
Camdon stomped around the counter and looked at Amanda crossly. He was done with his charade. He pulled off his fake, thick glasses and tossed them on the counter then crossed his arms.
“The time for silly games is over little girl. We know what kind of car she drives. If we can’t trick you, we’ll just have to make you talk,” he snarled. “I guess Fred gets his turn.”
Camdon walked back to his counter, and Fred started to approach.
“Wait! Wait!” Amanda begged. “I’ll tell you something!”
“I highly doubt that,” Camdon said and picked up Amanda’s file. “You’re well trained, Miss Sindel. I have to give you that.”
“You want to stay and watch?” Fred asked. Oscar shook his head no, but Camdon wasn’t paying attention.
“Wait a second,” he said and rubbed his forehead. “Amanda Sindel… No…that can’t be…why didn’t I see it before?” Camdon stared at her with a stupid grin.
“What?” Amanda asked.
“You’re Jeremy Sindel’s daughter. The name…I knew I’d heard it before. Well, to be honest, we thought you died, but it’s really you isn’t it? How did a two-year-old survive on her own?” Camdon looked at her curiously as confusion spread across her face.
“What do you mean two? I was ten when my father died,” Amanda said.
“Oh, no. You were two when Major Jeremy Sindel led the assault on the house where you were being kept. Everyone died…we thought you died as well.” He looked down at her deviously. “Why didn’t I see it before? How the hell did you survive? They said they killed the woman caring for you. Then they were all massacred. We still don’t know what killed them all.” He rubbed his chin and looked down at her with curiosity.
Amanda searched her memories for ways to prove her version of the story, but strangely, she couldn’t remember her father. Miraven had told her of how kind and attentive her father had been, but she didn’t have any actual memories of him. Why would that be?
“Led the assault?” Amanda asked, her world was falling apart. The stories Miraven had told her as she grew up. Were they all a lie? The mixture of drugs they had pumped into her wasn’t helping anything either. Today’s dose was much stronger than before. Her body shook nervously, and her mind raced, trying to piece together any memory that would refute Camdon’s story.
“Oh, yes. As soon as he found out he had impregnated a monster, he wanted to…rectify the problem.” Camdon looked at her evilly. “Major Sindel was a good soldier. He’d be happy someone was about to fix his mistake. How exactly did you survive?”
“I…” Amanda searched her memories. She remembered rushing into their home at five years old, holding a small rabbit she had found, but it wasn’t her father making lunch. It was Miraven. How had she never realized? She searched her memories again and found a few more, but they were also about Miraven. Every single memory she had was about Miraven. Her father hadn’t loved her. He hadn’t sacrificed himself for her. It was all a lie!
Screams of men were heard far away, and everyone in the room turned to look at the door. It sounded like the guards were being torn to pieces. Occasionally Amanda heard gunfire then more screams, then a crash.
Camdon started to look nervous.
“How did you survive? Who helped you?! Who killed Major Sindel and his men?!” he asked, begging. His terror was growing, and he looked like he wanted to run.
“Miraven,” Amanda said confidently with a smirk.
Camdon’s eyes opened widely, and he started barking orders while making his way to the back of the room.
“Barricade the door!” he shouted, then his voice rang out again from behind Amanda. “I’m going to get more ammo! Don’t let anyone in!” She heard a door open behind her then slam. Next, she heard it lock.
She watched Oscar and Fred look around terrified as soon as they realized Camdon had locked them in. Then they both jumped out of the way as a dead Order soldier was thrown through the door. Miraven walked calmly inside and smiled at Amanda then turned to Fred. Miraven shifted into a wraith and lept at Fred. She sliced his throat then tossed him like a rag doll. Next, she turned to Oscar, who fell to his knees and held his hands out in front of himself.
“I’m sorry,” he cried. “I didn’t know. I was just following orders.”
Miraven shifted back to herself and walked up to him then flicked him on the forehead with her finger. His body shivered, and he looked down to avoid her gaze.
“Some of the most horrible things in history can be blamed on following orders. It excuses nothing. You chose to follow those orders.” Miraven lifted the large man easily with one hand and stared at him.
“Are you going to kill me?” he asked.
“Of course I am,” Miraven laughed.
“I, Oscar Denton, give my life to the wraith Miraven for a favor. Help my wife take care of my two kids. I beg you,” Oscar sobbed, but Miraven just laughed.
“I can’t believe how many people actually believe that bullshit story I made up,” Miraven said with a snicker then snapped his neck.
Miraven turned and smiled kindly at Amanda, who looked confused and angry.
“All of it was a lie?” Amanda asked, struggling to understand why Miraven had lied. She watched the smile on Miraven’s face fade, and soon it was replaced with worry.
“I’m sorry, dear. I was going to tell you…someday…I just didn’t want to hurt you,” Miraven explained.
“Hurt me?” Amanda’s anger and frustration grew. “You think this isn’t hurting me? I would have rather been raised knowing the truth! So, your deal with my father?” Amanda asked.
“There was no deal,” Miraven admitted.
Miraven walked over to the machine running the IV and turned it off then produced claws on her right hand and slashed the restraints from Amanda’s arms and legs.
Amanda sat up and cradled her head.
“What really happened to my mother?” Amanda asked, struggling to overcome the adrenalin and the anger. “You said she abandoned me.”
“It’s complicated,” Miraven said sadly. She put her hands behind her back and took a step away. “I’ll tell you as much of the truth as I can. I’m very sorry.”
The adrenalin started to wear off, and Amanda’s anger grew.
“What was her name?!” Amanda demanded.
“Her name was Azrael, and she was a horrible woman who killed without conscience. Hundreds of thousands died because she didn’t care. I’m happy she’s gone,” Miraven explained.
“So, why did you stay with me?” Amanda asked, her anger parting for a moment.
“Two very horrible people produced an amazing little girl. I couldn’t just let you die,” Miraven said, and her eyes started to tear up. “You were nothing like your parents, and I wanted to keep you that way.”
“But…those stories about dad.” Amanda’s mind grasped for stability, but there was none.
“All lies. I’m so sorry. I wanted you to feel loved,” Miraven explained. “I killed all the soldiers who came for you…including your father.”
Amanda stared at Miraven with disbelief then, slowly, anger took its place.
“How do you even know my father wouldn’t have chosen me?!” Amanda yelled and hopped off the chair. “What gives you the right to decide?!” Amanda walked over to Miraven and grabbed the small woman by the collar and lifted her up. 
“He was there to kill you!” Miraven replied. She didn’t struggle. She just looked at Amanda, full of regret.
“You know what? I don’t want to see you anymore. You can go back to whatever it was you did before you decided to abduct me,” Amanda said spitefully and released Miraven. She started to walk toward the door, then turned back. “Before you go. Tell me what I am. Am I a wraith?”
“No dear. You are half wraith and half-human. That makes you a banshee. Something you will never become. You will live a happy life and never become that horrible thing,” Miraven said sadly.
“So, you decided I was better off without my father then you decided I should find a man, whom you picked out. This was all you. Do I have that right?!” Amanda’s anger was fading into indifference and disgust. “I don’t ever want to see you again. All you ever did was lie to me. Maybe you’re still lying to me.”
Miraven’s eyes pleaded with Amanda, but Amanda didn’t care. “Please reconsider. I have done nothing but care for you for your entire life. I just wanted what was best for you.” 
“Just go,” she said adamantly. “And don’t come back.”
“If you ever need me, I’ll be nearby,” Miraven replied sadly then vanished.
Amanda walked through the halls and saw the death all around her. Miraven had killed every single soldier in this place. The metal doors were shredded by Miraven’s long claws. These people didn’t stand a chance. They could have had an army, and they wouldn’t have stood a chance. Miraven hadn’t even wrinkled her dress.
Amanda cradled her head as she made her way out the front door of the building. She had no idea where she even was and, in her state, she didn’t care. She just started walking. Anywhere had to be better than here.
Her life was all a lie. She had no one and nothing left. What was she going to do now?
For over an hour, Amanda walked sadly along the street in her tan jumpsuit. People whispered and stared at her as she passed by, but she didn’t even notice. Even the chilly air didn’t merit a response as she thought about the lie her life was based on.
She plodded along slowly, at a little after midnight, feeling angry and betrayed. If she had paid closer attention, she might have noticed the black sedan pulling up behind her. She also might have noticed the Order soldiers before they injected her with something and threw her in their car.

Chapter 14
When Amanda woke, it was daylight, and her wrists were in handcuffs in front of her. She was in the back of a car but had learned her lesson well. She kept her eyes shut and listened to the two men talking in the front seat.
“You sure Eric Bane and Caitlyn Bauer live in this shitty town?” the driver asked.
“I don’t know. General Ren said we should wait here until he’s done,” the passenger said. “Why did we need to bring her?” The passenger glanced at the backseat.
“General Ren said she would be bait. Eric Bane will just give up. He won’t risk her life to save his own,” the driver explained.
Amanda’s stomach sank. The fact was, they were right. Eric was the type of man who would do just that. He was exactly what she once believed her father was like. The anger returned, and she fumed silently. He would surrender if he thought they would release her, and she was not about to let him do it. Despite her confusion about how she’d met Eric and why. She still had feelings for him. He hadn’t lied to her, Miraven had.
She opened her eyes and scoured the backseat while keeping an eye on her captors. If this wasn’t a standard police vehicle, she might get away. She couldn’t do anything about the cuffs right now, but she might be able to get out the door. She tested the passenger side door with her foot carefully. When she heard the latch click, she shut her eyes and laid silently for a few moments. Her captors didn’t even hear it. She eased the door open a couple inches to make sure then waited for the right moment.
“He’s taking forever,” the driver stated.
“Turn on the radio,” the passenger said.
“What if he comes out?” the driver asked, concerned.
“If he comes out we’ll shut it off. It’s not like he’s going to pop up and surprise us. He’s in there talking to Major Beeks. We’ll see him coming,” the passenger argued and motioned to the restaurant in front of the car. “Fine. I’ll do it,” the passenger said and turned on the radio.
The loud music covered the sound of Amanda sliding along the seat. When she was mostly on the passenger side, she eased her way up to look out the window. Running blindly wouldn’t help her escape.
As she looked out, she didn’t recognize the town. It seemed to be small, and they were along a highway. In fact, it looked like it had maybe a hundred people living here. The edge of the town was plainly visible, less than half a mile away. The few stores she could see were all lined up along the highway. This was a rest stop town. It had sprouted up to support the businesses which made a living from the traffic. She wouldn’t have many places to hide, so she needed to get as far from the car as possible before they noticed.
Amanda quietly opened the door while the loud music blared and eased her way onto the cement. When she was crouched down in the open door, she took a quick look around, then took off at a sprint toward a gas station.
She didn’t look back and didn’t slow down until she was behind it then peeked her head around the corner. Her captors were searching around the car and parking lot but had no clue where she had gone. Next, they headed into the restaurant, presumably to inform their superior that they had lost their prisoner. She knew she didn’t have much time, so she took off down the street, crisscrossing her way through the town until she made it to the edge. When she looked back, no one was following her, so she turned into the woods and realized where she was.
Although she didn’t recognize the town, she did know the woods, but mostly she knew the mountains in the distance. She had been raised around here. If she was right, and she was pretty certain she was, the house she’d grown up in was about ten miles away. Without wasting another second, she took off into the woods. If she made good time, she would be at her childhood home at a little after dark.
After Amanda headed off into the woods, the two Order soldiers walked into the restaurant in front of their car and waited patiently while General Ren finished speaking to Major Beeks. When he was done, he looked at them.
“Is she gone?” the general asked.
“Yes, sir,” the driver of the car answered.
“I have to commend you, sir. That worked out wonderfully,” Major Beeks praised.
“The tracker will only lead us to where she changes clothes, so keep a close eye on her,” General Ren said in reply.
Both soldiers saluted.
“Yes sir!” they both replied and headed back out.
“Do you think she knows where to find him?” Major Beeks asked.
“It doesn’t matter,” General Ren replied with a smile. “Time for phase two. We’ll blast it on every channel in Washington. Eric will find her.”
Major Beeks picked up his phone and dialed a number. When a man answered, he didn’t waste time on pleasantries.
“Release it everywhere.” Was all he said, then he hung up his phone and smiled. “It will be on the news within the hour.”

Chapter 15
Eric sat in his modest cabin in the woods. It was a small place with a living room slash kitchen, one-bedroom, and a bathroom. He kicked his feet up on the coffee table and turned on the TV while he heard Caitlyn yelling from the bathroom.
“There’s no hot water, Eric!” she yelled. In a few minutes, she came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around herself.
Eric looked up from the TV and stared angrily.
“We haven’t been here since mom died. It will take some fixing up,” he replied coldly and got to his feet. He pushed passed Caitlyn and went into the bathroom to check the hot water heater.
“I’m sorry, Eric,” she said, but he kept going. “I know this is my fault. I’m really sorry.”
Eric pulled off the cover at the bottom of the hot water heater, grabbed a long match, and relit the pilot light. Then he replaced the cover and headed back to the chair.
“I said I’m sorry,” she pleaded. He eyed her as he passed again but still didn’t speak. “Oh, come on, Eric. You can’t stay mad forever.”
“You sure about that?” he replied as he sat on the chair again.
“When I found out he was the one who killed mom, I lost it. You’re telling me you’ve never lost control?” she pleaded. Caitlyn walked over and leaned on the back of his chair then looked down at him, but he refused to look up. “And what he said? I didn’t mean to kill him. I just couldn’t stop.”
“I’ve never lost control like that. He was your father,” Eric scolded.
“That just makes it worse. My father killed our mom,” Caitlyn said, the emotion made her voice crack. Eric noticed and looked up into her teary eyes.
“I’m just upset because of the situation. I probably would have killed my dad, too,” he said kindly.
“Your father was a wolf. He would never have done that. He was a good man,” Caitlyn said.
“I’m sorry your dad wasn’t,” he said. Then something on the TV caught his eye, and his conversation with Caitlyn was forgotten.
Caitlyn looked at him curiously. From her vantage point, she couldn’t quite see his face clearly, so she moved around beside him. The TV caught her attention as well.
“Isn’t that the lady who let you go?” she asked while looking at a stock photo of Amanda Sindel in her uniform.
“Amanda Sindel, the fugitive from justice, was spotted in Roleth Washington less than an hour ago,” the news announcer said. “Miss Sindel, formerly a U.S. Marshal, is accused of abusing and killing the prisoners she was entrusted to protect. During a daring escape, Miss Sindel killed three FBI agents and four Marshals. She is considered armed and dangerous. If you have any information regarding Miss Sindel, please call the local police. Do not, under any circumstances, approach Miss Sindel.”
Eric stared at the TV with his mouth open.
“Eric?” Caitlyn looked at her half-brother with concern.
“She didn’t do any of that,” Eric said, still in shock.
“This is my fault too, isn’t it?” she asked. The look on Eric’s face was starting to scare her.
“I need to fix this. She doesn’t deserve this,” Eric said. “This isn’t your fault. It’s mine!”
Caitlyn started to smile.
“That’s not why…you like her,” Caitlyn said.
“I owe her,” Eric said unconvincingly.
“You liar!” Caitlyn said with a laugh. “You don’t just like her. You love her.”
“I barely know her,” Eric said, standing up and hiding his face.
“You have it bad,” Caitlyn teased. She tried to maneuver herself to see Eric’s face, but he hid it again. “Maybe it’s not love yet, but I can see it on your face. You can’t even look at me. You more than like her.”
Eric turned to face her and forced a blank expression.
“Admit it!” she teased.
“Maybe a little,” Eric said, and a smile started on his face.
“Go save her then,” Caitlyn said.
“You’re not going,” Eric demanded, trying to push the smile away.
“I’ve caused enough problems. I’m not doing anything to hurt my future half-sister-in-law,” she said with a laugh.
“She’d just be a sister-in-law,” Eric said before he realized what he was admitting.
“AH HA! You’ve thought about it!” Caitlyn exclaimed. She rushed over to Eric and hugged him. “My big brother has a girlfriend,” she teased.
“She hates me,” he replied.
“Then tell her all of it,” Caitlyn ordered. “Tell her it was my fault.”
“You sure?” Eric asked. He was already getting his shoes and a black hoody.
“Yes. She’s part of this now. There’s no reason to keep her in the dark,” Caitlyn said. “You didn’t mess up. I did. Don’t screw up your life because of me!” Without warning, she smacked Eric on the back of the head. “You treat her right. Tell her everything. I want a sister-in-law.”
“Let’s not go jumping the gun,” Eric said with a laugh while rubbing the back of his head.
“Fix this Eric!” Caitlyn ordered. “I want a sister!”
 “I’ll try, but I want you to go to the mountains. Go to my dad’s fishing shack and wait. I’ll get Amanda and meet you there,” Eric commanded. His face eased, and he smiled kindly at her. “We’ll talk about the rest when she’s safe.”
Caitlyn saluted him and smirked.
“Yes, sir,” she said with a laugh. Eric rolled his eyes.
“Roleth is about twenty miles from here. I won’t be long. Maybe a day if I have to search,” he explained. “We’ll figure out what to do after we’re all away from The Order.”
“Make sure you bring back my future sister-in-law,” she said loudly and waved goodbye.

Chapter 16
After several hours of walking, Amanda was getting worn out. She stopped at a familiar stream which she knew was a little over a mile from her old house. It was getting dark, and her leg was hurting pretty badly. Camdon…no, General Ren, had lied about giving her antibiotics. He also hadn’t fixed her leg. She pulled open the jumpsuit as she sat on a large rock and gingerly poked at the red, infected wound. The Order had no intention of keeping her around, so they hadn’t bothered fixing her leg. Hell, they probably thought the infection and pain would help convince her to tell them everything she knew about Eric.
Amanda smirked as she thought of her captors. They hadn’t even been able to convince her to tell them what kind of car Caitlyn was driving. Amanda was proud of herself. She would have died before telling them anything of importance, although she knew very little. Eric was very secretive and just when he was starting to open up…she had ruined it all.
Amanda stared out at the vast forest that was growing darker by the minute, but she wasn’t scared. This was home. Mostly, she was sad and angry. Sad that she’d finally met someone worth her time, and angry that it was her fault he was gone. She’d always fallen, and hard, for any masculine, commanding man who paid her the slightest compliment. This time was no different. Well, actually, it was very different. Eric had been exactly what he portrayed himself as, and it was her own stupidity that had ruined it. If she hadn’t jumped to conclusions, she might be with Eric right now instead of being worn out and bleeding, on a rock, in the middle of a forest.
As Amanda did up her jumpsuit and carefully stood to walk the eternity that was the last mile of her journey home, she thought of Miraven. Not that she wanted to, she just couldn’t help it. Being in this forest where she spent the first sixteen years of her life brought back memories she hadn’t thought about in years. Even this stream was a memory.
One sunny morning, though Amanda couldn’t remember the exact day or even the month. What she did remember was the laughing, the teasing and Miraven splashing muddy water all over her newly washed shirt. Not to be outdone, Amanda picked up a handful of mud, put it behind her back and pretended to cry.
When Miraven tried to console her, Amanda smacked the mud right in Miraven’s face. The wraith, many people thought was evil, didn’t even get angry. She just stared at the preteen girl then began laughing. Of course, Miraven retaliated, and by the time they got home, they were both covered in mud. The wraith everyone was so afraid of didn’t even complain about the mud Amanda tracked all the way upstairs to the bathroom. In fact, Miraven had the whole mess cleaned up by the time Amanda was done with her bath.
Did it really matter that Miraven had lied about her father? It wasn’t a lie that Miraven was there for Amanda when she broke her arm at twelve. It wasn’t a lie that Miraven had comforted a small child who used to be afraid of the dark. It also wasn’t a lie that Miraven had drank wine with her, eaten ice cream with her and even watched cheesy, old, romantic movies with her every time a man broke her heart. Well, almost every time. Miraven had missed the Todd incident, but one time out of the countless parade of dishonest men wasn’t bad.
Amanda smiled as she crossed the stream and found a new resolve. She missed her home. The apartment in Volan wasn’t home. This place, this forest, was home. And somewhere hidden among the trees before her was the house where the wraith Miraven had raised a small girl whose parents didn’t want her.

Chapter 17
Eric walked through the forest cautiously, occasionally sniffing the air. He could smell Amanda as well as some humans. He was getting close. Amanda’s scent was fresh, with a hint of blood, and the scent of the humans was old, maybe days old. As he approached a house, secluded in the trees, he realized where he was. He had been here as a child. This was Miraven’s house!
Often times, he and his older brothers would dare each other to walk up to the door. That was, until the day Eric was brave enough to actually do it. He recalled the kind-looking woman who answered. She wasn’t scary looking. In fact, she was very pretty. Even her accent was beautiful. He stood there enamored by her dark skin and long dark hair. She was so beautiful that he could barely take his eyes off her until she spoke.
Eric remembered the way she looked at him when she spoke. It was eerie but at the same time inviting. He was too young to recognize flirtation but thinking back on it. It was similar. Eric remembered her words clearly.
“Aren’t you a brave one?” she asked with a seductive tone to her voice. “You’ll do nicely.” She eyed him like a prize, so he took off running. “I’ll be seeing you again, Eric!” she yelled after him as he ran by his brothers and kept going for miles.
Eric and his brothers never returned to this part of the forest, and the encounter still sent chills down his spine. What had she meant?
When he got closer to the house, the smell of blood was thicker. It was Amanda’s blood, and there was a lot of it! He rushed up to the front door, forgetting his fear and kicked it in. When he was inside, he just stood there dumbfounded. Amanda was sitting on the couch, in her underwear, bandaging her leg.
“Well, why don’t you come in?” she asked with a smirk. “It wasn’t locked, by the way.”
“Umm…” he stammered then turned and tried to shut the door, but he had broken the latch. He tried to put it back together and kept his eyes fixed on the door. “I thought you were hurt.”
“It’s ok, Eric,” she comforted. “Can you give me a hand with this bandage?” she asked.
He propped a chair against the door then turned and walked with his eyes to the floor.
“Miraven taught me a lot,” she said, he could hear the grin but wouldn’t look at her. “She taught me math, physics, geography, although it was a bit outdated. When I got into a real school, they thought I was some kind of prodigy.” She laughed and waited for Eric to get closer. When he bent down to help with the bandage, she continued. “The one thing she never taught me was modesty.” She lifted his chin up to look at her face.
“I need to explain about Caitlyn,” he started, but she interrupted him.
“I know about Caitlyn,” she said with a smile then started scowling. “Damn it! I’m doing it again. I have to quit interrupting you. Please go on.”
“She’s my sister,” he said. She waited and bit her lip to stop herself from butting in again. “You can talk now.”
“Ok, good. I was about to burst,” she said with a laugh. “Miraven also didn’t teach me manors…apparently.”
“That’s ok. You’re fine the way…” he started, and she interrupted him again, but this time it wasn’t with words.
She grabbed his face, pulled him in, and kissed him deeply. When she let him go, he looked at her with a strange grin.
“You can interrupt me like that anytime you like.” He looked at her, waiting for whatever was next.
“Go on with your story. I just needed to make sure we’re on the same page…and it seems like we are.” She looked at him flirtatiously, and he continued, while fixing her bandage.
“Caitlyn’s father was with The Order. He was undercover and used our mother to gain access to our family.” He looked up at Amanda nervously, trying not to look at her body.
“It’s ok. I think my underwear cover more than my swimsuit,” she said with a laugh. “Go on.”
“I’d like to see that swimsuit,” he said with a grin then got back to his story and continued to wrap her leg. “They invited him to a family meal one night, and he showed up with soldiers. I was ten and away at school. Well…sort of a school. I was with my uncle, Bernard. He was teaching me how to hunt and control my…urges.” He paused, and Amanda didn’t interrupt this time.
“The soldiers killed them all. My brothers, my grandparents, all of them except for my mom. Somehow she was able to escape. She was hurt badly, but she survived. Several months later, Caitlyn was born.” Eric looked up at Amanda. She smiled, compassionately at him, and grabbed his hand. She pulled him up onto the couch beside her.
“Keep going,” she urged him.
“Years later, he found out my mother was still alive. He tracked her down and killed her, but Caitlyn wasn’t there. When Caitlyn found out, she was furious. I told her we needed to wait. I also told her about the night her father killed all of our relatives, and that was my mistake. I’m not sure why I told her, it just came out. She clammed up and said she was going to bed to sleep on it. I was an idiot for believing her. She didn’t go to bed.” Eric looked upset, so Amanda squeezed his hands tighter and waited for the rest.
“She snuck out and found him. She just wanted to ask him why he had done it. Find out if he even cared about her at all, but he was spiteful and taunted her. He had no idea she was his daughter until he lay there bloody on the floor. When she told him who she was, he spit at her and called her an abomination. She just kept hitting him and hitting him until he was dead.” Eric looked into Amanda’s eyes, and she leaned in and hugged him.
“I should tell you about my childhood. A deal is a deal,” she said. “But I have a feeling The Order will be showing up here soon enough. They know I’m out here somewhere.”
“To be continued,” Eric said, a little more upbeat. “You should probably get some clothes on though. We need to get to my father’s fishing shack in the mountains. That’s were Caitlyn is waiting for us.”
She stood up, stretched her arms out, and did a spin.
“Something wrong with what I’m wearing?” she asked with a laugh.
“Nothing,” he said as he stared at her. “I’d prefer you stay dressed like that.”
“You sure?” she asked while pulling off the strap of her bra.
“You’re making it really difficult to leave right now,” he said and ran his hand through his hair. “We should get somewhere safer first.”
“I know,” she replied dejectedly then walked, pouting, to some clothes she had laid out on a nearby chair. She pulled on the tee-shirt and pants then put on some shoes. When she was dressed, she did another spin. “Better?”
“I wouldn’t say better…better for walking in the woods,” he replied.
“Good answer,” she encouraged, then headed to the door. “Where are we going? This fishing shack. Is it big? I’d like to meet Caitlyn but was sort of hoping for a little privacy.” She smiled at him, then pushed the chair aside and opened the door.
As soon as Amanda opened the door, the soldiers opened fire. A bullet hit her in the shoulder, and another went through her chest. She fell backward, and Eric slammed the door taking a bullet in his left leg and arm. He shoved the chair in front of the door then picked her up and ran over to the couch, ignoring the burning pain in his limbs. The firing had stopped, but Amanda was in bad shape. The silver bullets felt like fire under his skin, but he ignored the pain while he laid her out.
She looked up at him with a sad smile.
“This is how my life goes. I finally find a decent guy, and I’m going to die,” she said, then coughed. The bullet had gone through her lung, and Eric could hear her wheezing.
“No No No No. This can’t be happening,” he said frantically. He ripped her shirt open and saw the blood gushing out of the wound. He pulled off his hoody and tried to put pressure on the wound.
“It’s no use, Eric. I’m already dead,” she comforted. Amanda put her hand on his cheek. “If we were at a hospital maybe…but I’ve seen this type of wound before. I have a few minutes before I drown and there’s nothing you can do.” She looked up at him lovingly then smiled. “Well, there is one thing.”
“Anything!” he replied.
“One more kiss before I go?” she asked, her voice was getting weaker.
Eric’s eyes started to tear up. He bent down and kissed her then her arm went limp. Tears fell from his eyes. Then anger gripped him. His face changed, his fangs and claws came out, and he rushed to the door.
Before he could reach the door, Miraven stepped in the way. When Eric smashed into her, it was like hitting a brick wall. He fell backward and was dazed for a second then his anger returned.
“What do you think you’re doing?” she scolded in a calm voice.
“I’m going to kill them ALL!” he yelled. “Get out of my way!”
“Getting yourself killed is the last thing she’d want,” Miraven said, still remaining calm. “And besides, if you’re dead I’ll never get her back. It wasn’t supposed to happen like this. I must have missed something. They weren’t supposed to find you two.” Miraven looked at the floor, frustrated and deep in thought. “What did I miss?”
“Get her back?” Eric asked, ignoring Miraven’s ranting.
“She’s a banshee,” Miraven said, returning her focus to Eric.
Eric turned and looked at Amanda’s body, his face full of fear. Amanda’s eyes shot open and quickly turned pitch black.
“Eric, you need to run!” Miraven yelled. “You can’t be here right now!”
“If I try to leave they’ll kill me,” Eric argued.
“Go out the back door. There are three in the back. You have a much better chance than if you stay here. If she kills you, I’ll never get her back…ever.” Miraven sounded terrified.
Eric started slowly to the backdoor, and Amanda sat up. Her hair turned white, and so did her skin.
“Eric! RUN!!!” Miraven yelled and rushed to cut off Amanda as she lunged for Eric.
The collision knocked them both down, and Eric took off. He didn’t even stop to open the back door. He just shot right through it. When the three soldiers outside realized who it was, they opened fire. A bullet skimmed across his chest, another hit him in the shoulder, and yet another got him in his right leg. Despite the pain from the silver bullets, he kept running. Both legs were burning and bleeding, but he knew he couldn’t stop. He needed to be as far from this house as he could get. Eric put his hands over his ears and ran as fast as he could.
Back in the house, Miraven got to her feet and faced Amanda. Amanda looked furious.
“Please, Amanda. This isn’t you. You need to control it. Please. I can’t lose you,” Miraven begged.
“They killed me!” she shouted and paced around Miraven.
“You’re fine. You’re alive. Just take a minute to think,” she pleaded, but Amanda wasn’t listening. Amanda’s head darted back and forth, hearing the soldiers outside.
“The Order needs to die!” Amanda ran for the door, but Miraven was faster and cut her off. “Get out of my way!” She pushed Miraven to the side, but Miraven grabbed her arm before she could leave.
“I can’t let you do this. This isn’t the answer. Eric is still alive.” Miraven turned Amanda and put her hands on her shoulders. “You remember Eric, don’t you?” Miraven pleaded.
Amanda’s eyes returned to normal for a second, then flashed pitch black once more. She leaned her head back and screamed at the ceiling in frustration. The blood-curdling scream shattered all the windows in the house, then she stopped and sported an evil grin, right at Miraven.
The soldiers outside were dazed by the scream and stumbled around, not realizing that it wasn’t over.
“Don’t do it,” Miraven ordered, but Amanda wasn’t listening.
Amanda looked right at Miraven and screamed louder this time. The force shot Miraven through the wall of the house and into the forest. The shockwave knocked all the soldiers to the ground, and as it reached Eric, it threw him into a nearby tree, knocking him out.
In a few seconds, Miraven came back. She now looked like a wraith.
“Please don’t do this, Amanda. I don’t want to hurt you,” Miraven pleaded.
“I’m not going to just kill The Order. All humans need to die. All humans everywhere! Then non-humans can rule the world once more. Humans are the real monsters!” Amanda sounded cruel and uncaring.
“Stop, Amanda!” Miraven ordered, but Amanda was already gone.
She appeared beside a soldier that was getting to his feet and removed his head with a clean swipe of her claws then vanished again.
“Not like this, Amanda!” Miraven yelled, then vanished.
Amanda appeared next to another soldier, removed his head and a second later Miraven appeared in the same spot.
“This won’t fix anything, Amanda. Please stop!” Miraven said, then vanished.
Amanda appeared next to two soldiers. One was helping the other up. She removed one soldier's arm then his head. Next, she grabbed the other by the throat and threw him against a nearby tree. He died instantly.
Miraven appeared and grabbed Amanda’s arm.
“If you kill all the humans, someone else will just take their place,” Miraven explained.
“I don’t care!” Amanda pulled her arm from Miraven’s grasp and was gone again.
Miraven didn’t follow this time. It was pointless. To stop Amanda, she’d have to kill her, and she wasn’t about to do that. Not until she had no choice. Instead of chasing her, she tried to reason with her again.
“I thought the same thing about the werewolves!” Miraven shouted.
Amanda appeared beside another soldier then another, killing each in seconds.
“I caused the downfall of the werewolves because I thought they were too cruel. I falsely believed that removing them would fix everything!” In the distance, she could hear Amanda killing more soldiers.
“It solved NOTHING! The humans took their place! If you kill all the humans, something else will fill the void!” She searched around but didn’t see Amanda anymore. She no longer heard the screams of soldiers either, so she continued. “The problem isn’t humans. Some humans are good. The problem is tolerance. We have to help the good ones come to power! Killing the bad ones only makes things worse!”
Miraven saw General Ren crawling away and walked up to him.
Amanda appeared beside Miraven.
“But killing them feels so good,” Amanda said cruelly.
Miraven turned to face Amanda.
“What would Eric think if he saw you killing them?” Miraven asked calmly.
“Why do I care? He’s insignificant. Our kind should rule the world. Not humans and not werewolves,” Amanda said, but her voice was wavering.
“I don’t think you believe that. Ruling through fear and intimidation is what they do. Is that what you really want?” Miraven asked. She waited, then added. “Do you think Eric would be proud of you? Do you think he’ll still love you?”
“What difference does that make?” Amanda said, her voice sounded normal again.
“It makes all the difference in the world, and you know it. It’s the one thing all sentient beings desire. Someone to love and someone to love them back,” Miraven returned to her normal form and smiled at Amanda. “I love you, and I always will.”
Amanda’s eyes returned to normal then her hair as well. Finally, her teeth and claws retracted.
“I love you too,” Amanda said. She looked down at the cowering man. “Don’t come near me or Eric ever again, General Ren.”
“Go find Eric. He took off through the back door. He was shot a few times. He may need your help,” Miraven said quietly.
General Ren pulled a pistol out of his jacket and aimed it at Amanda.
“I’ll kill you for all the men you slaughtered.” He smiled evilly. “Basilisk venom can even kill you.” He fired the gun, but Miraven caught the bullet before it hit Amanda.
“Go find Eric. I’ll deal with General Ren,” she said and patted Amanda on the shoulder then Amanda vanished.
Miraven held up the bullet. It had a metal tip, but the cylinder was glass. Inside was a yellowish-green liquid. She stared at it and smiled. General Ren fired a second shot, but the bullet just shattered on Miraven. He scooted away quickly to avoid touching the deadly toxin. Miraven broke open the bullet she was holding and drank the liquid inside.
“Eww, stale. That has to be fifty years old,” she laughed.
“What the hell are you?!” he asked while backpedaling along the ground.
“You’re close,” she teased then bent down. “That bullet wouldn’t have hurt her either, but I don’t want her to know what she is just yet. You almost messed that up for me,” Miraven said cruelly. “I want her to be happy for as long as she can be. Someday when Eric is old, and she is not, she’ll question it, but not yet. She deserves her happiness. I have a secret.” She leaned in even closer to General Ren and whispered. “She’s not exactly a banshee.”
Miraven grabbed General Ren by his collar and pulled him up. She held him and looked right into his eyes.
“You and I have many things to discuss, General.” Miraven put her face closer to the man until her nose was touching his. Her eyes flashed red for a second, then returned to normal. “And I’m not exactly a wraith.”
“I won’t tell you anything,” he stated. “You’ll just kill me anyway.”
“Do you honestly think I’m going to let you live?” Miraven laughed evilly. “You’re going to die. How quickly will be determined by how much information you give me.”
“Just kill me now. I won’t talk,” he said bravely.
Miraven held up her right hand and produced a six-inch claw on her index finger. She pushed it slowly into his shoulder as he screamed in agony.
“You’ve been watching some people I’m very interested in. Tell me about them, and I’ll let you die. If you don’t, this could go on for years. You won’t die unless I allow it but believe me…you’ll beg for death.” She tossed him over her shoulder like he was as light as a pillow then vanished.

Chapter 18
Months later, Eric walked into Amanda’s house. He had no shirt on and a carpenter’s belt around his waist. He holstered his hammer and sat at the table. He heard Caitlyn and Amanda laughing in the kitchen.
“Oh, the big strong man is ready for his lunch,” Caitlyn teased.
“Do you have to tease me all the time?” he whined.
“What’s wrong? Is Eric embarrassed because a woman smaller than me carried him for twenty miles?” she asked and stuck out her tongue.
“I couldn’t walk!” he objected. “They shot both my legs with silver bullets. When are you going to let this go?” His face was turning red, a combination of frustration and embarrassment.
Amanda came in and patted him on the shoulder.
“It’s ok, Eric. I’ll do the heavy lifting. You have other endearing qualities.” She sat beside him and lifted her eyebrows while setting a bottle of wine and two glasses on the table.
“Eww!” Caitlyn complained.
“Maybe I wasn’t talking about sex,” Amanda said then winked at Eric and whispered. “I was talking about sex.”
“Quit that!” Caitlyn whined. She reached over and grabbed the wine bottle Amanda had sat on the table, and Amanda slapped her hand.
“I don’t think you’re twenty-one yet, are you?” Amanda chastised.
“Who would know?” Caitlyn asked.
“I would,” Eric scowled.
Caitlyn pouted and crossed her arms, so Eric continued speaking to Amanda with a grin of satisfaction on his face.
“I got the outside mostly finished. All the windows are replaced, and the huge hole is finally watertight,” Eric explained, looking at Amanda seriously. “I’ll start on the inside tomorrow I think.” He looked at the hole in the living room wall. The sheetrock was missing, but through the opening, he could see the backside of the repairs he had completed to the outside.
“Next you need to work on all the bullet holes,” Caitlyn teased.
“To be fair, it took two months for The Order to quit watching this place. I’d say I’m doing pretty well, considering. Besides, the huge hole in the living room was a little more pressing, but I’ll get to the bullet holes soon,” Eric argued. He turned toward Amanda and gave her an apologetic look. “Thankfully, it hasn’t rained a whole lot.”
“See. Something else you’re good at,” Amanda smiled, stood and kissed Eric as she walked by toward the kitchen.
“I can fix my own lunch,” he said over his shoulder toward Amanda, who was opening the fridge.
“Would that be fair?” she asked. “You’re fixing up the place, the least I can do is make your food.”
Caitlyn leaned in and spoke quietly.
“You ask her yet?” she whispered.
“No. It’s too soon,” he replied quietly with a scowl.
“You love her, just ask.” Caitlyn raised both eyebrows and stared at her brother. “Do it soon. I don’t want her going anywhere. A woman like that needs to know you’re serious. Don’t let her get away. You’ll never find anyone even close.” Caitlyn leaned back and smiled with her arms crossed.
“Believe me, I know,” Eric said with a smile that annoyed Caitlyn.
“I didn’t mean that!” Caitlyn said loudly.
“Maybe I wasn’t talking about sex,” then he leaned in and mimicked Amanda. “I was talking about sex.”
“You two are horrible to live with. You know that?” Caitlyn asked, looking away.
Amanda walked in and decided to help Caitlyn. She handed Eric the sandwich and put her hand on his shoulder. She looked down at him and smiled.
“You know my hearing is better than yours now. You should just ask me.” She winked at Caitlyn, who smiled devilishly at Eric.
Then someone knocked on the front door. Caitlyn shot up and ran to the door with a smile on her face. When she opened it, she looked down.
“Is Amanda here?” Miraven asked.
“Amanda! It’s for you!” Caitlyn yelled then walked through the living room to the stairs leading up. She turned to Eric before heading up the stairs. She mouthed the words ‘Ask her’ to him with a silly grin then headed up.
Amanda walked to the door and smiled when she saw who it was.
“You don’t have to knock. You lived here too,” Amanda said. She grabbed Miraven’s hand and pulled her inside, then shut the door.
“It’s your house now. Your mother left it for you,” she stated.
“I wish I could thank her. That account had ten million dollars in it. I never have to work again,” she said with a smile.
Miraven smiled nervously as Amanda led her to the couch and sat down. Miraven sat beside her.
“I missed you. It’s been months,” Amanda said and hugged Miraven. She pushed herself back and grinned.
“I missed you too,” Miraven said, but she was still sad.
“What’s wrong?” Amanda asked.
“I’m trying something new. I’m not saying I’ll be perfect, but I want to try telling you the truth,” she stated.
“Ok,” Amanda said eagerly.
“I have a story for you,” Miraven said
Amanda rolled her eyes.
“Not one of those stories. This one is different. And it’s the truth,” Miraven said. She shifted in her seat then took a deep breath. “You are going to be upset. So after I’m done, I’ll give you some time to think. I’ll stop by in a few weeks to see how you’re doing, but if you never want to speak to me again, I’ll understand. Just remember, I love you, and I always will.”
Amanda also shifted nervously in her seat and waited.
“A long time ago, a woman named Azrael was disillusioned with her immortal life. She grew bored and uncaring. She started wars and caused the deaths of many without reason. She was cruel.” Miraven looked at Amanda and smiled. “Then one day she met a man. A kind man who treated her in a way she never expected. He showed her love and kindness, but she couldn’t love him back. As hard as she tried, she just couldn’t love him. Despite this, something inside her started to change. For so long, she had been cruel and uncaring, but something about this man changed her. She wanted to feel what this man felt. She needed to feel it.”
“I know my mom wasn’t perfect,” Amanda said with sadness.
“Your mom was a cruel, evil woman. Make no mistake. She really was evil,” Miraven said with disdain. “That man started something, and she even changed her name in the hopes of becoming what this man had loved. She tried everything she could to feel something, anything. She so wanted to feel what this man had felt for her. She couldn’t love him, but maybe, just maybe, she could love someone else.”
“Then, hundreds of years later, something unexpected happened. A woman who couldn’t bear children got pregnant, and it changed everything. What that man had shown her so long ago made sense. She finally understood. For the first time in her long, long life, she forgot about herself. She finally felt something for someone else. She decided to change who she was for her unborn child. She was determined to become someone you could look up to. All the mistakes she had made in her life needed to be fixed. She had to be someone that perfect little girl could be proud of.”
“What did she change her name to?” Amanda looked at Miraven in anticipation. She hoped she knew the answer.
“There was a very pretty word in an ancient language which has been long forgotten. The word meant rebirth.” Miraven looked at Amanda nervously.
“Spit it out,” Amanda begged.
“I was once called Azrael,” Miraven said.
Amanda’s mouth fell open. She had suspected it, but hearing the words from Miraven made it real.
“It’s a lot to take in, and I know you need time,” Miraven said quickly and stood up. “There’s more, but I think that’s enough for now. I’m sorry, Amanda.” Miraven vanished, and the front door slowly opened.
Amanda stood up and walked to the door. She shook her head and smirked.
“When will you learn how to shut a door?” she asked with a laugh.
Then she looked out at the forest she called a yard and smiled.
“I love you too, mom,” she said with tears of joy in her eyes then shut the door.

Epilogue
Miraven walked down the line of lamia guards in a black, silk dress that was more like a robe. It folded over in the front, leaving a plunging neckline and had a tie around the waist. She walked confidently as she passed the many guards who didn’t even look at her. When she was in front of the door, she took a deep breath then opened the door and walked into the queen’s chambers.
Inside the room, two guards stood motionless at the back. The one on the left was a redhead and taller than the other with very pretty green eyes. The one on the right was shorter and blonde. Her blue eyes shone brightly, and Miraven was reminded of Chelsea Bauer. The girl could have been her sister, shorter and thinner, but the similarities were uncanny.
The walls of the chambers were lined with many books on shelves and a red carpet, with gold lace, ran from the doorway to the back of the room.
Behind a desk, off to the right, sat Queen Arianna Lypen. Queen Lypen didn’t even look up. Her brunette hair was pulled back under her crown. When Miraven shut the door, she finally looked up, and anger spread across her face. Her hazel eyes looked at Miraven with disgust.
“I summoned you months ago! Where have you been?!” she asked angrily and stood up.
“It’s like I always tell my daughter. Too many pans on the fire and too little time,” Miraven said sheepishly then shrugged her shoulders. “I came as soon as I could.”
The queen walked to the end of the carpet, in front of the two guards, and stood with her arms crossed.
“What did you need, Queen Lypen?” Miraven asked then walked forward and bowed.
“You had a child and told no one! I think that bears mentioning!” The queen looked furious.
“How many people have children all over the world? Does everyone tell you?” Miraven asked.
“You’re a wraith. I think I should be aware that a banshee has been born,” the queen scolded. She furrowed her brow even more.
“You look very pretty today,” Miraven said, trying to ease the tension.
The queen wore a white dress that was nearly translucent, and it had lace flowers sewn into it.
“Quit trying to change the subject!” the queen said angrily.
“You look stressed. Your husband died a few years ago. I’d be happy to help you relieve some of that stress.” Miraven lifted her eyebrows then looked at the queen flirtatiously.
“Knock it off Miraven! Lamia can’t be gay! It’s not in our DNA!” she replied.
Miraven looked at the two guards who seemed a little nervous then smirked.
“If you say so,” Miraven said.
“I didn’t know you were gay,” Queen Lypen said, staring at the short woman with disgust on her face.
“I’m…what’s that word?” Miraven rubbed her fingers together like she was trying to snap them a few times then looked at the two guards. “What’s the word for it?” then she snapped her fingers and pointed at the queen. “Ambidextrous. That’s it! I’m Ambidextrous!”
“That’s not what that word means,” the queen scolded.
“Eh, close enough,” Miraven teased. “All these new languages and their fancy words. It’s very confusing.”
“Quit trying to change the subject. We’re going to have to bring your daughter in for study. We need to know what she’s capable of. There hasn’t been a banshee for nearly a thousand years.” The queen rubbed her brow. “Science has come a long way. We need to know how to protect ourselves from her.”
“That isn’t necessary. She’s just a girl. She’s more interested in Eric than overthrowing the lamia,” Miraven pleaded.
“I won’t take that chance,” the queen said sternly.
“You just can’t let this go, can you?” Miraven asked, losing her apologetic tone.
“No, and you had better stay out of my way,” the queen ordered.
Miraven walked closer to the queen and smiled.
“All my capitulation and submission means nothing to you. You just can’t be nice,” Miraven said 
“I’m the queen. I don’t have to be nice,” she said angrily.
“Most people are dissuaded if I just act scared and timid, but not you. You’re just a mean person,” Miraven admonished.
“How dare you!” the queen said and shot forward. She grabbed Miraven by the throat.
“I thought I could hold off, but I can see now that you haven’t changed. You will poison your daughter just like you do everything else you touch.” Miraven looked at the queen unafraid.
“How dare you talk to me like that?!” Claws came out of the queen’s hands, and sharp teeth lined her mouth. Her eyes turned yellow and looked like that of a reptile. She squeezed Miraven’s throat, but her claws wouldn’t pierce Miraven’s skin.
“Nikki, Samantha, would you mind shutting your eyes?” Miraven asked, unaffected by the queen’s grasp. “This will be…unpleasant.”
The queen turned and looked at her two guards who had shut their eyes tightly. Their faces looked terrified.
“Don’t listen to her! I’m your queen!” she shouted, then turned back to Miraven.
“There is a lot to be said about being kind to others,” Miraven said menacingly. Her body started to grow. Soon she was eight feet tall, and a black robe covered her body. Her face was obscured by the hood, but Queen Lypen could see red, glowing eyes inside. She released Miraven’s neck and tried to back away, but Miraven’s long boney hands grabbed the queen by her shoulders and pulled her forward.
Miraven’s voice was low and terrifying as she spoke.
“Look upon the face of death and understand your insignificance!” the terrifying thing Miraven had become said.
The queen’s life force was drained from her mouth and eyes. It flowed into the hood until her body shriveled to a dead husk. Miraven released the queen’s dead body which fell to the floor and collapsed into dust, then she returned to the small Middle Eastern woman.
“You can look now, ladies,” she said in an upbeat tone.
Both guards looked terrified as they saw what had become of their queen.
“Do you guys have an intercom? Please tell me you have an intercom,” Miraven said excitedly.
Both guards shook their heads no, and she frowned.
“I’ve always wanted to say ‘Clean up on aisle four.’ This was the perfect opportunity, but lamia don’t have intercoms,” she whined and stuck out her bottom lip.
Miraven started out of the room then turned around and smacked herself in the forehead.
“I forgot why I came here in the first place. My dad always said I’d forget my head if it wasn’t attached. That’s why he created necks!” She stared at them, waiting. “Nothing? Not even a smirk?”
Both guards looked too afraid to even breathe.
“You guys are no fun,” she said dejectedly then handed a page to the redhead, Samantha.
“Well, read it,” she urged them.
Nikki peered at the paper Samantha was holding, and they both read it.
I, Queen Arianna Lypen, give sole custody of my daughter Karen Lypen to Nikki Satha and Samantha Loen. They are to act in place of the queen until Karen is eighteen years old and can rule on her own.
Below the writing was a signature and the seal of the lamia queen.
Both guards stared at Miraven, confused.
“What?” Miraven asked.
“How?” Nikki asked.
Miraven put her finger to her lips.
“It will be our little secret. They can check the handwriting, but I can guarantee you, it matches.” The grin on her face was devious. “You ladies need to lighten up.”
Both guards still looked terrified as Miraven walked closer to them.
“Even my dad has a sense of humor.” She looked at them then realized neither was going to speak, so she continued. “You don’t see it? I’m the only female angel. The angel of death and I’m a woman. Women were given the gift of life. You don’t see it?” She shook her head. “Come on. The angel of death giving birth…creating life? It’s funny.” She waited, but they still looked terrified. “I guess you’d have to know my dad to understand his sense of humor.”
Miraven turned and started walking out again then turned at the door and walked back.
“See…I’d forget my own head,” she said with a smirk then her look turned menacing. “You will teach that little girl honesty and decency. What one mother couldn’t provide, you two will. You will be the best mothers the world has ever known. She will learn compassion and tolerance for all species…even humans. Do I make myself clear?!”
Both guards nodded, and Miraven started again.
“Amanda Sindel doesn’t exist. Eric Bane doesn’t exist. Caitlyn Bauer…you guessed it…she doesn’t exist. You will leave the three of them alone. I don’t even want a lamia in that forest. Do you understand?!” she yelled angrily.
Both guards nodded fearfully again while Miraven walked forward and leaned in even closer.
“You don’t want to find out what happens if anyone hurts Eric. I’m not talking hell on earth. My daughter will annihilate every living thing on this planet. You let my daughter live out her life with Eric, or she will destroy everything.” Miraven’s face lost its angry quality, and she smiled again.
She spoke while she headed toward the door once more.
“I like the story of how you two met. It’s almost like someone arranged for the both of you to end up in that bar in Houston Texas…what was it called? The Watering Hole…The Water Trough? Why do humans insist on naming bars after water? It’s not like you’re going to go in and order a water?” She stopped at the doorway and waited. “But who could have set this up so far in advance? Seven years is a long time. Who thinks that far ahead?” She turned and smiled deviously. “You two are in charge now. What’s stopping you from getting married? Things are about to change, not only for the lamia, but for the whole world.”
Miraven walked out the door and shut it, then smirked as she saw all the guards. She undid the tie around her waist and let the dress fall to the ground. Then she started walking down the hallway, completely naked. Many of the guards looked nervous and embarrassed, but a few had a different nervousness on their faces. At the end of the line of guards, she stopped and turned. With her hands on her hips, she laughed.
“Lamia can’t be gay, my ass!” then she vanished. In a second, she picked up the dress from in front of the door and smiled up at the guard who was looking at her.
“What? My room is that way, and I wasn’t about to leave this dress. It’s silk!” She stood up and dragged the dress on the ground while heading the opposite direction toward some stairs. 
“If anyone is interested in talking about their sexuality I’d be happy to give some pointers.” She turned around and smirked. “I can be very informative.” She winked at the guard by the door who started to blush. “Now if I could just remember which room I was in. I think it was the third floor…maybe it was the second. You wouldn’t happen to be able to show me to my room?” She smiled devilishly at the guard by the door who walked forward. Miraven encircled the guard’s arm with her own and smiled up at the much taller woman. “Maybe we should take a look at your room first? I’ve always wondered what a guard’s room looks like.”
The woman continued to get redder as Miraven spoke, growing more embarrassed by the second. Then Miraven and the guard vanished.
The End.


More stories from The Order of Human Purity are in the works. I’m taking a break from the series to work on other things, but I will get back to it. I even have the next book planned out…mostly. No title yet, but it will be coming.

If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



