When I Was the Dog...

Elena Kryuchkova


 
“When I Was the Dog...”
Written By Elena Kryuchkova
Translated by Linda Claymore
Copyright © 2021 Elena Kryuchkova
All rights reserved
Cover Design © 2021 Elena Kryuchkova

Elena  Kryuchkova 
When I Was the Dog…
18+

Short description:
Tina is an ordinary girl who works in an Animal Shelter. Once she is called to her by the Head of the Shelter, Elisa. And she says that she’s not really Elisa, but the Scandinavian goddess Freyja, who is currently the chairperson of the Pet Affairs Department of the Other World. And that Tina was chosen to work in the Otherworldly Delivery Service, the Pet Affairs Department. And now she will deliver letters from deceased pets to their owners.
So began the magical adventures of Tina. She will meet all kinds of people, see the stories of their friendship with pets, take part in the capture of animal abusers and the court of the Other World. She also learns about her past life when she was the dog …

Characters
Chapter 1. Hello, My Name is Tina!
Chapter 2. Goddess Freyja and Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department
Chapter 3. When I was the dog...
Chapter 4. The Girl and the Dolphin
Chapter 5. Little Wolf
Chapter 6. Animal Abusers
Chapter 7. One Amazing Dream
Chapter 8. The Court of the Gods

Characters
Nowadays:
- Tina is the protagonist of the story, working for the Otherworldly Delivery Service, the Pet Affairs Department. In ordinary life, works in an Animal Shelter
- Annie and Greta - Tina's friends
- Pie - Tina's Husky
- Snowball - Tina's cat
- Pirate - Tina's Gray Parrot
- Pouf - Tina's dog, a mixed bulldog with an unknown other dog
- Melissa - the spirit of the forest, used to work at the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department
- Jack - the spirit in the form of a German Shepherd, born in the twentieth century from the wishes of children to have a dog
- Elisa Brown - Head of the Animal Shelter where Tina use work
- Freyja - the goddess of love and war, as well as the current chairperson of the Department of Pet Affairs of the Other World.
- Lahar - the Sumerian goddess of livestock, one of the previous chairpersons of the Department of Pet Affairs of the Other World
- Walter - the owner of the Bell
- Bell - Walter’s cat, Maine Coon
- Yue Hua - dolphin trainer at the dolphinarium
- Snow Wave - the dolphin, a favorite dolphin of Yue Hua
- Marfa Semyonovna - the elderly woman, took care of Little Wolf
- Tishka - the dog of Marfa Semyonovna
- Little Wolf - the dog of mixed breed, his owner died of alcoholism
- Three schoolgirls - animal abusers
- Horus - the ancient Egyptian god of the sun and sky, now accompanies the jury and witnesses to the Judgment of Gods, conducted on those who mistreated animals

Prague, 19th century:
- Suzanne - owner of the Tina Poodle
- Zdenek - Susanna's husband, Teresa's father
- Teresa - daughter of Suzanne and Zdenek
- Carl - Teresa's husband
- Clara - daughter of Teresa and Carl
- Zlata - Teresa's friend
- Boloneza - Zlata's bichon
- Jan - Zlata's younger cousin
- Martin - Jan’s French Bulldog

Chapter 1. Hello, My Name is Tina!
What is the best way to start the story? Perhaps, to begin with, I should greet you all and say my name: “Hello, my name is Tina! My height is average, my brown-haired, my figure is average, I am twenty-three years old. In a past life, I was a dog! And now I work in the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department!” 
Although, probably, all of you are surprised by such a greeting. Yes, it really may seem unusual. For the quite reasonable question arises: what kind of past life? And what does it mean ‘to be a dog’?
This means that before being born the human, I really was a dog in the 19th century. To be more precise, I was the poodle, peach color. I lived with one wonderful lady in Prague.
But after my earthly path of the poodle came to an end, I was reborn again on Earth, but already in the human body. And at first I did not know anything about my past life...
The question again arises; how did I find out about my past incarnation? And what kind of Otherworldly Delivery Service is this? And what kind the Pet Affairs Department is this? Indeed, this is a curious story. Therefore, it will probably be better if I tell everything from the very beginning.
In this life, I was born in a small town, of which there are a great many in this world. My parents are the most ordinary couple. My father still works in a car service, and my mother is a veterinarian.
Probably, since my mother was engaged in the treatment of animals, I have loved animals since childhood. And in our house, pets certainly lived. Most often these were animals, for which the owners for various reasons could no longer take care of them, and left them in a veterinary clinic, and not in a shelter. But in the end, find new owners for the animals (or the clinic staff took home like a mother).
For example, when I was very young, a wonderful husky lived in our house. Wonderful, smart dog! Unfortunately, his previous owner, an elderly man, could no longer take care of him: health did not allow. He survived a stroke, and his son and his wife decided that he would live with them in another city. But his son had a small daughter with a strong allergy to animals.
None of the acquaintances agreed to take the husky. The elderly man did not know what to do, but when he brought his pet to the veterinary clinic where his mother worked for routine vaccination, he told his story. He was a regular client of the clinic, regularly bringing his pet for medical examinations, and to get vaccinations. Mom regretted the poor husky and owner, and decided to take the pet to her. Dad had nothing against, and I was completely happy. After all, like most children, I dreamed of a dog! And here is such happiness: the big beautiful husky!
By the way, the name of the Husky for unknown reasons was Pie. Probably because he (it was a boy) had a very rounded figure. And for his breed possessed a few excess weight.
But that's not the point. The Pie lived with us for two years. And so, once, when I went to school (and that year I just started to study in the first grade), after school my mother came for me. She looked very upset, her eyes red with tears. I then asked:
“Mom, what happened? Have you been crying? Why?” 
Mother hesitated for a moment, as if not knowing what to say. Finally, she replied:
“You see, Tina... As you know, before the Pie began to live with us, he had a different owner. Temporarily, the owner could not take care of his pet, but he returned and decided to take care of the Pie again. Pie himself was also happy with the reunion with the owner. And they left together.” 
I remember, then it surprised me. How so, Pie lived with us, but now not? Is that honest? Although, his previous owner, probably also missed his pet all this time... And the dog also probably missed...
I was upset by such news, but reasoned that, probably, Pie would be happy with the previous owner. After all, sometimes he sat at the window for so long, as if waiting for someone!
Later, I found out the truth. In fact, the day I left for school, Pie died. He just died quietly and peacefully... After all, for the dog he was already very old. My parents did not want to upset me, therefore, they came up with the story that the dog was taken by his former owner.
After leaving the Pie, soon, we got a cat. It was not without my participation. It all started when I went with my friends to play in the park.
Then it was a wonderful spring day. The air smelled of herbs and flowers, and the sun sparkled in the sky.
In the park of our city, in the spring, flowers were always planted. Flowerbeds with bright yellow tulips and irises stood out especially. Parents with children and dog owners with their pets walked there.
Since our city was considered calm, in the daytime, school children, like me, were allowed to walk into the park unaccompanied by adults. Of course, not at all alone, but in the company of friends of the same age.
And I went with my friends, Annie and Greta, that day to play in the park. It was not far from our houses (we lived in the neighborhood, therefore, were friends from early childhood).
We quickly got to the park. As always, there were a lot of wonderful tulips on the flower beds. Owners and dogs and parents with children walked along the paths. We headed to our favorite playground, which is located a little away from the walking paths.
Usually children always played there: the younger ones played in the sandbox. And older children went downhill.
But this time for some reason there was nobody. At least so it seemed at first glance. For, after a few moments, we suddenly noticed some high school students aside. They were talking excitedly about something and laughing out loud. One of them, the largest and unkempt, said:
“And let's bury this cat in the sand and we will throw small stones at it!” 
“But there are some girls! They will also see and tell someone!” objected another high school student who looked smarter.
“What will these little girls do for us? There’s no adults around now!” waved his hand first.
At first, the friends and I did not understand what it was all about. Suddenly, the high school students turned around, and we noticed how the leader of their company held the scruff of a small white kitten with huge, frightened, blue eyes.
For more moments I tried to realize what was happening. Suddenly, I realized that these, to put it mildly, unpleasant people, want to bury a kitten in the sand! Such big guys against a small helpless animal! I never understood people who harm animals! How is that even possible?
Meanwhile, another high school student, noticing that we were watching them, made a terrible face and shouted at us:
“What are you looking at, small ones? Get out of here!” 
My friends got scared and hesitantly stepped back. They clearly did not know what to do: both the kitten felt sorry and the three little girls against the group of five high school students were clearly helpless.
The first I decided to act, screaming loudly:
“Give me back my Snowball! This is my Snowball! Release him!” 
“What, yours?” the group leader grunted. “He was yours, but he became ours! It was better to look after your little beast! I just kicked him, and he started biting me!” 
But I did not back down, continuing to shout:
“Give me back my Snowball! Give my kitten back!” 
My simple plan quickly brought the expected results: people who were walking in the park approached my cries.
“So, you all not only skip my lessons at school, but still offend children and animals in your free time!” a middle-aged lady of a very strict appearance began to resent.
For some reason, the guys got worried at the sight of the lady. She continued:
“What are you frozen? Give the girl her kitten!” 
The guys somehow immediately frowned, and leaving the kitten, they hastened to retire. It was clear: that woman was their teacher from school. And the guys preferred not to argue with her.
I took the kitten in my arms, already considering he my pet. I felt indignation and I wanted to catch these villains and kick them well! Alas, I perfectly understood that I was too small and weak for this. Therefore, I simply repeated to the small, frightenedly fluttering fur ball in my hands:
“Don’t worry, Snowball, everything will be fine now!” 
My friends and I thanked the strict lady. In the end, she told me:
“From now on, be more careful with your pet, and be sure to put a collar on he! Otherwise, someone might think that he is a stray cat, and this will bring new problems!” 
After which she left.
Soon my friends and I went home. I intended at all costs to convince my parents so that they would allow me to leave Snowball at home.
However, when I came home, my parents were not there: they said in the morning that they would go to the super market.
Therefore, I decided that I needed to take care of Snowball myself. After all, the kitten was so small and cute! So touching and furry that when I looked into his pitiful large eyes, my heart began to break. I wanted to protect this little creature from all the troubles, and from all the villains! I had no idea what to do if mom and dad forbid me to leave the kitten. In this case, only one thought came to mind: yelling, crying and begging...
But while my parents had not come yet, I thought for a moment: what should I do first of all for Snowball? Feed or wash? Probably wash. After all, the wonderful white fur of a kitten got dirty.
I took the kitten into the bath and carefully began to wash he. Snowball squeaked plaintively: he probably did not like to wash.
When I finished washing the kitten, I carefully dried he with a hairdryer in low mode. Snowball did not like drying either, because he was constantly trying to escape, and I had to return him to his place.
Finally, when the washing was finished, I brought Snowball to the kitchen. Of course, we did not have cat food. But from yesterday there was a little boiled chicken and there was an open bottle of milk in the refrigerator.
I took two bowls: I put pieces of chicken in one, and poured milk in the other. Then she showed them a kitten and said:
“Snowball, don't be afraid. Look, what a chicken and milk. Eat, they are delicious.” 
It seemed that the kitten understood every word of mine, only he could not speak. He probably already realized that there was nothing threatening him, but still remained wary. Snowball went up to the bowls, and carefully sniffing their contents, he began to eat. He ate chicken meat with such pleasure, and then drank milk, which was simply a pleasure to watch.
The more I looked at the kitten, the more anxiety seized me. What will I say about this to my parents? What if they will be against Snowball staying with us?
Soon, the sound of an opening door was heard: mom and dad came from a super market. Hearing their voices from the corridor, Snowball was suddenly frightened and hid under the kitchen table.
“Don't be afraid,” I told him, “everything will be fine.” 
I went out to greet my parents, and deciding not to beat around the bush, taking a deep breath, briefly told them the story of the kitten.
Parents looked at each other meaningfully: the news came as a surprise to them, but they did not seem to be angry. After a short pause, mom replied:
“This is unexpected, but I'm glad you did not leave the kitten. I do not mind that he stay with us. But just to take a stray animal into the house. He needs to check his health at the veterinary clinic! Tomorrow I'll take him to work with me! If all goes well, he will return to us that evening. If any health problems are revealed, he will probably have to spend some time in the clinic. In the meantime, I will examine him, and until tomorrow morning, he will live on the ground floor of the house, it is better not to take him into the rooms. Still, you need to understand that animals can have different diseases.” 
“And so that at night he does not climb into any dangerous place and nothing happens to him, I can bring a wooden box from the garage. There we will make him a bed for the night,” suggested dad.
I literally beamed with joy: Snowball stays with us! This is such happiness!
After that, dad began to sort out purchases from the store, and my mother examined Snowball. As she summed up: the kitten is healthy in appearance, but it’s better to still examine him in the veterinary clinic.
The next day, my mother took Snowball to work. In the evening, she returned with him, joyfully announcing that the kitten is doing well. He was thoroughly examined and given a medicine for helminths.
So Snowball began to live with us. It was a very good time! I went to school, was friends with Annie and Greta - we studied in the same class. Of course, I talked with other girls and boys: in elementary school, we had an unusually friendly team. And the teachers were also good.
And every time I came home, Snowball was waiting for me. We made friends and played often! He loved to run after a dot from a laser pointer. This sight reminded a real hunt of a little lion for prey!
Snowball had several “strategies” in order to catch the “insidious luminous dot”. The first is the simplest - he quickly attacked the luminous dot, trying to grab it with his paws. The second way is trickier: the kitten was hiding behind some furniture, where he was preparing for the jump, until the dot from the pointer came close. And the third way: a relaxed Snowball was lying in the middle of the room, as if with his whole appearance, showing: “I am not an enemy of a jumping light. And when the luminous dot came close, he rushed at it, or tried to catch with one paw.
Over time, when Snowball grew up, he was a little tired of playing with a laser pointer. The cat has a new entertainment: biting me and my parents by the legs or jumping at us from around the corner. When one of us was walking along the corridor, the cat jumped out of nowhere. Sometimes he was glad that he “scared” us. Usually in this case we said:
“Oh, what a big and formidable cat! Real hunter!” 
But sometimes Snowball bit. He jumped on the leg, grabbed it with his front paws, and with his hind legs he tried to “tear” the prey. Of course, we understood that the cat played like that. But still he scratched painfully. Therefore, we often had to reprimand him:
“Good cats don't do that!” we said.
Snowball also had three cat stand. All of different sizes and from different materials. The cat chose which one to sharpen his claws, depending on the mood.
In addition, Snowball was very fond of when dad stroked his belly. But for my mother and me, for some reason he didn’t let his belly be stroked.
Every morning, the cat, as if on a schedule, had bath procedures. At first, he sat down at the bathroom door. When we let him in, he waited for him to comb out with a special brush. Then, with a businesslike look, he sat down at the faucet and began to meow, as if saying: “turn me on the water”.
The faucet was opened for him, and Snowball drank water and put his head under it. So he washed himself. But every time we washed he completely, he meowed irritably and expressed his dissatisfaction in every possible way. And so, when it came to blow-drying, the cat completely tried to attack this “little evil dragon living in the bathroom”.
By the way, another “evil dragon”, named “vacuum cleaner”, Snowball was afraid to attack. Despite all his courage, from such a large and terrible opponent, the cat always preferred to retreat as soon as possible.
So almost a year has passed.
I was eight years old. And so, once, on a wonderful spring Sunday afternoon, I played with Snowball in the backyard. There, on the left side of the fence was a dense bushes. Usually I didn’t come close to this place, because when I was very young I saw natrix. Then I did not know that they were not poisonous and was very scared. Of course, after I found out that natrix should not be afraid, but still the unpleasant impression of my first meeting with a live snake remained. Therefore, I tried not to get close to that bushes.
But on that day it turned out that Snowball saw a bug in the grass, and with enthusiasm ran after him into the bushes. I was afraid that he might scratch on the branches or get tangled in them. Indeed, even though he was almost a year old, Snowball did not grow very large: he became an average cat, weighing four kilograms.
Therefore, I got worried and went down after him to the bush.
“Snowball, wait!” I exclaimed.
“Meow!” answered the cat, frozen in place.
I grabbed him in my arms and suddenly noticed something unusual. Behind the bushes, there is a small mound, in the head of which a stone lay. ‘Just like someone’s grave …’ I thought then. Suddenly I realized one terrible thing.
I suddenly realized that the Pie had not been taken by his previous owner. And really, the Pie is dead. My parents did not tell me the truth, probably fearing to upset me. Or maybe they just thought that because of my childhood, I would not understand what death is. But I knew what it was! Unfortunately, I found out about this very early.
Shortly before the appearance of our Pie, I saw a lizard in our backyard. It did not breathe or move. Then I guessed that it was dead. And the realization that death, which is often talked about on TV more often than probably the parents of many children would like, came by itself.
I buried the lizard near the foundation of our house because I knew that small reptiles lived there. And I also put a small pebble on her grave, like a tombstone.
About this case, I did not speak to my parents. I thought then: probably, they will be upset if they find out that one of the lizards living under our house has died. After all, mom and dad sometimes liked to watch them when these little lizards crawled out of their shelter on sunny warm days.
... When I discovered the grave of the Pie, conflicting feelings swept over me. On the one hand, I understood that mom and dad did not want to upset me. On the other hand, I felt a strong resentment. Thoughts appeared in my head: “Why didn’t they say? They should have told me the truth! I would understand everything, because I also knew that the Pie was already old! I would mourn him, and then I would put up! Of course, I would continue to miss, because it is impossible not to miss the dead! But even so, I was also sad, thinking that the dog was taken to him by previous owner! And in any case, I had the right to know the truth! After all, Pie is still important to me!” 
For a while, I just looked at the dog’s grave. The feeling that my closest people deceived me, albeit out of good intentions, did not leave me.
After a few moments, I realized that I could no longer restrain my tears and burst into tears.
“Meow, meow!” purred Snowball worriedly.
He began to rub his pink nose against my leg and gently tried to grab me with his paw. The cat seemed to be trying to cheer me up.
I picked him up and sobbed even louder.
“What is what happened?” came the voice of my mother behind me. She heard my cry, and came to check what happened.
“Pie, Pie! There!” I answered crying, pointing to the grave.
Mom immediately understood everything.
“Dad and I didn’t want you to find out about it like this...” she sighed. “We wanted to tell you about this, but could not find the right moment...” 
“So not fair! I had a right to know!” I continued to burst into tears.
Mom tried unsuccessfully to calm me down. At some point, she succeeded, but then, after half an hour, I burst into tears again.
In the end, I cried all day with short breaks. And the next morning I went to school with red and swollen eyes. Remember, Annie and Greta were all worried and asked, what's the matter? But I did not want to discuss with my friends such the painful issue as the death of the beloved dog and the deception of my parents.
Arriving home from school, I burst into tears again. This went on for several days before I calmed down.
Later, I thought a lot about it. For some reason, somewhere deep down, I understood from the very beginning what really happened. Even then, right after the death of Pie, when my upset mother took me from school. But until the last I refused to believe in it. In addition, my parents told me that the dog was taken by his previous owner.
I think it’s not just upsetting me that Pie has died. But the fact that my parents did not tell me the truth, and I believed in a fictional story, so well replacing the truth.
Later, I read one book. In one part of the story, the author speculated that trust is a one-way thing. I don’t remember the details, but the point is that if you trust someone, then you are then responsible to yourself if you were lied to. After all, one can never say with complete certainty what is happening in the heads of other people, even the closest. But at the same time, mistrusting everyone is also wrong. For living in eternal distrust is unbearable.
This is not to say that I completely agree with this point of view. For example, in my opinion, it is completely natural for a child to trust parents. And it’s a shame when you see a lie on their part, even if said for the good. Of course, I do not mean, the harsh truth for many children, that Santa Claus and the beloved characters of fairy tales do not actually exist, and each child will eventually have to find out. I’m talking about such serious things as, for example, the death of the dog.
In a word, after that, I began to treat all people with some skepticism. And trusting someone has become more difficult.
Otherwise, life went on as usual. Snowball continued to live with us. Gradually, he gained weight. He did not leave his habits to wash in the mornings, “hunt” on our feet and not like water procedures. Although, he became more lazy, and hunted for a laser pointer only when the dot of the pointer “ran” right next to him.
So three years have passed. I was eleven years old. Once, as always, I went to school, my mother went to work in the same veterinary clinic, and my father went to same car service.
When I came home from school in the evening (I stayed for additional classes in mathematics), I heard a strange voice from the living room, which said:
“Right steering! I am Pirate! Captain Hook! Full speed ahead!” 
At first I was surprised, but decided that mom or dad turned on the TV louder than usual.
Then my mother came out to meet me, and I asked her what that voice was.
“This is a gray parrot, his name is Pirate,” replied Mom. “He got a little sick, and a week ago, his owner, the regular client of our clinic, brought him for treatment. She was supposed to take him home a few days ago, but did not come for the Pirate. We in the clinic were worried, after all, the owner of the bird is the woman of a very elderly age. She lived alone, had no relatives. We tried to contact her, but to no avail. Then one of our employees, who lives near her, decided to visit her. It turned out she died of a stroke a few days ago. The bird remained in our clinic. At first, we did not know what to do with the parrot. I feel sorry for him... Nobody could take him, so I took him with me. By the way, Snowball really liked him: he looks with interest at the Pirate! And most importantly, does not show any aggression!” 
I was surprised by my mother’s words and rushed into the living room. There I saw a large cage with a large gray parrot with a red tail, which continued to shout:
“I am Pirate! Captain Hook! Right steering! Full speed ahead!” 
Nearby, Snowball was sitting on the floor, and was looking with interest at the talking “alien”.
Noticing me, the cat turned and meowed:
“Meow!” 
With all his appearance, he seemed to be asking me: “Tina, who is this creature? Why does he speak so strangely?” 
Not knowing how to react to such an unexpectedly appeared pet, I said to the cat:
“Snowball, this is the parrot Pirate. Now he will live with us. Make friends with him, okay?” 
The cat looked at me with a skeptical look. Although I still liked the parrot. Before, until this moment, I did not think: whether I like parrots or not. But I liked Pirate. Just because of surprise, I did not know how to react.
Thus, the Pirate began to live with us. He constantly spoke phrases on maritime and pirate themes. As my mother explained to me, the previous owner of the bird was married to a sailor who died two years ago. Of course, when they got the Pirate, the lady’s husband still served on the ship (gray parrots live long, fifty years). And when the couple decided to have a pet, and they chose the parrot, the owner of Pirate taught him phrases on the marine theme.
Of course, despite the change of owners, the habits of the parrot have not changed at all. And we constantly heard from him:
“Right steering! Left steering! Full speed ahead!” 
Etc…
We often let the Pirate fly inside the house. Snowball, who was in some kind of “war” with the parrot, tried to hunt him. The feathered pet, too, did not favor the cat too, and in every possible way provoked him, flying nearby. And once, he even crept up to the sleeping Snowball, and pecked his nose.
The house was filled with heart-rending cat screams, and the contented parrot flew to the ceiling and sat on the chandelier, where the indignant Snowball could not get he. And from there, with extreme satisfaction, he began to say:
“Pirate is good! Pirate is smart!” 
At the same time, it was fun to observe a similar picture, and at the same time it embraced sympathy for Snowball. Fortunately, his nose wasn’t badly hurt. But the cat, being a true cat, decided to arrange a terrible revenge for the “harmful flying object”.
And the next time we again let the Pirate fly, the parrot apparently decided that he could do anything now. He sat down at the cat’s bowl of food, and began picking his beak there. No, he didn’t eat cat food, he just scattered it. For which he paid.
Behind, the Snowball crept to the Pirate, carried away by the process of dirty tricks. And the cat grabbed the tail of the parrot! Then the parrot yelled.
I don’t think that Snowball wanted to cripple him very much, but he was not going to let go of the “enemy” just like that. Therefore, the Pirate began to break free himself, and he succeeded before we even managed to do something.
The bird, indeed, has freed himself. But, some of the feathers from the tail remained in the paws of the cat. And while the Pirate did not have new feathers, he was drifted off to the side when flying.
However, after these two unpleasant cases, the cat and the bird finally left each other alone. The Pirate no longer provoked Snowball, and he, in turn, stopped trying to hunt him. We can say that the pets began to ignore each other, sometimes exchanging dissatisfied glances.
So three years have passed. Life went on, I turned fourteen, I went to school, still staying with Annie and Greta in the same class.
But one day, shortly before Christmas, on a wonderful winter evening, the Pirate suddenly stopped talking.
My parents and I were worried and approached him. The parrot did not move and did not react to anything. He died quietly...
As my mother explained to me, the Pirate was very old for his breed. And most likely, he died of old age.
“Sorry for him, of course...” sighed mom. “But to be honest, I’m surprised that he lived with us for three whole years. I didn’t think that he would live more than a year. But I didn’t want to euthanize him when his owner died.” 
So I faced the death of the second pet, after the Pie. Both I and my parents were extremely upset about what happened. And it seemed even Snowball was sad. He, too, was well aware that the Pirate was no longer with us.
We buried a parrot in the backyard of our house, next to Pie. I mentally hoped that the Pirate was fine with us. And I prayed that he and his previous owner would meet in another world.
After that, sometimes, when I looked at Snowball, my heart ached unpleasantly. I was afraid that he would leave us too. Although I understood that this would happen sooner or later.
... Six more years have passed. I turned twenty. During this time, I graduated from high school and went to college. It was in my city and I did not have to go anywhere.
When I graduated from school, for a long time I could not choose between two specialties: a veterinarian and a biologist. In the end, I still decided to become a biologist. Indeed, the veterinarian, alas, sometimes has to euthanize animals. I could not do it.
Annie and Greta also went to college. Although we still talked by phone and email, we only saw each other on vacation now. For my friends went to another city, where both went to study at a very prestigious college at the faculty of design. Over time, they wanted to create a joint fashion line. They called me too, but I correctly refused, because I had absolutely no ability to do so. I didn’t particularly understand fashion, dressing according to the principle “it looks fine, and that it’s inexpensive”.
Snowball was twelve years old at that time. He was a lazy cat. Suddenly for no reason, he again began to show interest in games, as if he had turned into a little kitten. And he tried to constantly be with any of us: with me or with parents.
We did not immediately understand what was happening. Searching the Internet for information on this subject, to my horror, I found several articles. They all said that some cats, feeling the approach of their end, try to spend as much time as possible with the owners. And also, they play as if in childhood.
I talked about everything to my parents. They heavily accepted the news.
“How so?” asked dad. “Will Snowball leave us?” 
“He is healthy...” my mother was perplexed. “I constantly monitor his health... Really, and his time has come?” 
But despite the sad suspicions, we could not change anything...
And then, one day, as always, I came home from college. After a little workout with notes and playing with Snowball, I did not notice how the evening came.
“It would be nice to go to bed early today,” I thought then. And I brought this plan to life.
Snowball came to me that night and lay on the bed. He liked to sleep on the beds. Either he went to bed with mom and dad, then he came to me. Perhaps he clearly followed a peculiar sequence. One day, clearly, the cat was sleeping near mom, the next day - near dad, and then he came to me.
We had nothing against this habit of our pet. Still, we always clearly monitored his cleanliness, did all vaccinations and regularly washed he. Snowball, in turn, understood that he was allowed to lie on the bed, and always lay on the bed as if trying to occupy as much space as possible. Having settled down comfortably, he fell asleep, and snored very peacefully. Listening to his measured snoring, I also began to feel like I wanted to sleep. And fell asleep much faster than usual.
When that night we went to bed with Snowball, I did not suspect that this was the last time. For when I woke up the next morning, I realized that the cat was not breathing.
As soon as I realized this fact, I felt an unpleasant chill inside.
“Snowball, wake up,” I asked unsuccessfully, stroking the cold cat.
Having finally understood what happened, I burst out in a loud cry. I could not hold back my tears, and at that moment I hated myself for not being able to do anything. Although, what would I do? The animal was healthy, my mother, as a veterinarian, knew her business, I did not doubt it. How then to delay the inevitable? What could I do all this time? Of course, I did not know, but I hated myself for it even more.
At the sight of a lifeless cat, I could only cry.
Soon, worried parents came into my room, asking:
“Tina, what happened?” 
“Snowball, he...” I tried to answer, but could not. And such a sad word “died” , I could not utter.
However, parents already understood what happened, and tears came to their eyes too. Even dad, who often seemed not too sensitive.
We buried Snowball in the backyard, behind the same bushes where Pie and Pirate had been buried before.
That day I did not go to college and cried in my room until the evening, with short breaks. It seemed that in my body there was a truly inexhaustible stream of tears.
Mom and dad had to go to work. I can’t even imagine how hard it was for them to go somewhere right after the cat’s death.
We still mourned for a long time on Snowball, not daring to have a new pet. Indeed, for twelve years, Snowball has become a member of the family. I would not be surprised if he considered us cats, or himself a human.
About a week after the death of Snowball, I again studied at home with notes from college. It seemed to me at that time that I suddenly dozed off right at the table. For, suddenly, I noticed a light. Turning around, I saw a glow from the air and a girl of about my age came out. She was a thin person, with blond, almost white hair and green eyes. Next to her stood a large German Shepherd with clever eyes.
“Who you are? And what are you doing here?” I got scared.
Parents were at work at this time, therefore I was at home alone. No wonder that I was scared.
“Good afternoon, my name is Melissa,” the girl introduced herself. “I'm from the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department.” 
Then she pointed to the dog and continued:
“And he is Jack. He is a spirit who was born in the mid-twentieth century from the desires of children to have a dog.
“Glad to meet you, ma'am,” the dog answered in a human voice.
I was completely dumbfounded. For a few moments I could not move, when I suddenly sighed and said:
“Ah, I see... I guess I fell asleep at my desk...” 
The girl and the dog ignored my remark. And Melissa continued:
“We are here to deliver the message to you. You received the letter from the Other World, from your recently deceased pet, a cat named Snowball.” 
“What?” I widened my eyes. “Ah, for sure, I’m sleeping... I guess I’m so hard suffering the death of Snowball, now I’m dreaming of all sorts of oddities...” 
The girl and the talking dog again ignored my remark. And the fair-haired lady simply handed me an envelope and said:
“Please read. Our job is not only to deliver messages. But also make sure they are read.” 
Considering all this the dream, I picked up the envelope of yellow parchment. I opened the wax seal and took out a folded sheet of parchment, the same yellowish color. Turning it around, I saw letters written in dark blue ink. I started reading...
I can’t literally recall the whole text, for when I read it, tears swept over me. After all, it was the letter from Snowball.
In his message, he told me that if desired, each pet or animal that lived near people can send one letter from the Other World to one person. Of course, the animals themselves could not write, therefore, under their dictation, the staff of the special Department of the Other World recorded everything.
In his message, Snowball also said that he remembered very well how I had saved him from the hooligans. That he was happy to live with me and my parents all these years. And when he bit us at the feet, he tried to play like that.
I read many touching words then in that letter... But I managed to remember only the last lines: “I love you all very much, and I know that you all love me. Therefore, when the spirit-employees in the Other World offered me two options: to go to paradise for pets or to be reborn on Earth again, I chose the second. For, they promised me that I would be born in such a way as to get back into your family... Therefore, Tina, do not miss me! Tell mom and dad not to be sad either, because I will definitely be back. I don’t know if you can recognize me, and if I can recognize you all. After all, after rebirth, my memories of a past life will be sealed deep, deep inside my soul. But still, I’m sure we will make friends again. Goodbye, Tina! We’ll meet again! We will definitely meet...
P.S. In my next life, come up with a sweet name for me again!” 
I continued to cry. Melissa and Jack did not disappear anywhere, as if waiting for something.
“Snowball really reborn?” finally, I asked, calming a little.
“We don’t know what the message was about for you,” Melissa answered with a smile. “But this is true: if the pet was good during life, pet is offered to go to animal paradise or be reborn so as to get back to those people with whom pet lived before. Rarely, the pet is offered to be reborn as a person. This is the main difference from animals that have never lived next to people: they simply are reborn or go to animal paradise.” 
“Exactly!” confirmed by Jack. Then he said: “Miss Tina, have you read your message completely?” 
“Yes...” I nodded.
“Okay” in chorus answered the white-haired girl and the German Shepherd.
And before I could understand anything, the parchment in my hands flashed with a blue, completely no hot flame, and burned so that even the ashes were gone.
“The letters should burn out after the addressee reads them,” Melissa explained to me, seeing my eyes widen in amazement. “And now, we have to go...” 
Apparently, she and Jack were about to disappear as suddenly as they had appeared. But I exclaimed:
“Wait! May I ask one question?” 
“Which one?” asked Jack.
“Before, we had pets Pie and Pirate... What happened to them? Why didn’t I receive the messages from them?” 
“Oh, I remember, I remember! I delivered their letters to your mother!” answered Melissa. “Like you, she decided it was the dreams. You will also think that this is the dream. And now, we really have to go...” 
And with that, Melissa and Jack disappeared...
But I felt overwhelming fatigue, and how my eyes closed. And after a few moments I was sleeping right at the desk...
***
After the story with a letter from Snowball from Other World, two years passed. During this time, much has changed.
Just a few months after I “had a dream” about Snowball’s letter from the Other World (and I thought for a long time that this is exactly so), something very important happened. Namely: dad brought from work a charming red puppy. He was like a bulldog, but had a long fluffy tail. Apparently, he was a mixed of bulldogs with another unknown dog. But he still looked charming and cute.
“This morning, three puppies were lefted in a box at the car service,” he said. “Do not leave them? And I with the guys from work decided to take them homes. Ah, the one who left the box with the puppies at our service knew for sure that the sentimental people were working with us, and would never leave animals! I hope you don't mind?” 
Dad looked at us with mom, as if asking: “Can the puppy stay with us?” 
And how could we refuse? Of course, we do not mind! Although the pain from the loss of Snowball was still strong, how could we leave a little defenseless puppy? And my mother and I told dad that let the puppy stay with us.
Of course, mom added:
“We need to wash he now, and tomorrow I will take he for a physical examination to my veterinary clinic. Today, let him sleep in the kitchen. We need to make him a bed in a drawer with high walls, and put him to eat and drink.” 
Meanwhile, the curious puppy, already exploring the kitchen, tried to climb a decorative pouf. For some reason, I don’t know why, he suddenly reminded me of Snowball. And I asked dad:
“Does the puppy already have a name?” 
“Not yet,” answered dad.
“Maybe let's call him Pouf?” 
“Great idea! Very cute!” supported by parents.
So the puppy became Pouf.
... The next day, the clinic had a medical examination, and the puppy was given a cure for worms. And Pouf began to live with us. He grew up a very active and playful pet. Especially, he loved to play with his reflection in the mirror. How lovely to watch him!
In my heart, at the same time, for some reason, it seemed to me that the Snowball letter from my dream came true. And he came back to us like Pouf...
... In the meantime, changes have been taking place in my life too. I started dating a boyfriend, but then we broke up. A year ago, Annie and Greta graduated from college, but they were faced with a harsh reality: they did not succeed in organizing the line of their clothes. And they both returned to their hometown, and now work in a fashion store.
I also graduated from college last year, and as I found out, the biologist profession is also not the most popular nowadays. Therefore, having unsuccessfully attended interviews for a few vacancies, as a result, I became an intern in an animal shelter. I worked well as an intern, and soon, they accepted me to work as an assistant.
I liked my work, even though the salary was small. I took care of the animals, fed them, poured water, washed them, and helped clean the cages. Sometimes other employees asked me to help with some documentation.
Of course, there were sad moments. Some animals were periodically euthanized. And sometimes, animals were brought to us in a completely terrible state.
For example, not so long ago we received a dachshund: the girl of two years old. She was not homeless initially, but her owner mistreated her. His wife divorced him, the dog stayed with him. And the impression is that he simply vented anger on the poor animal.
His neighbors complained to the police about this man, who constantly heard the dog screech from his house. As a result, the owner of the dachshund was held accountable for the cruelty to animals, and the dog was sent to our shelter.
The poor dachshund was all beaten up, numerous hematomas covered her body! In addition, she was very exhausted - the owner clearly fed his pet badly.
When I saw her, I thought that my heart would burst with pain... Fortunately, our shelter has a good veterinarian. He took care of the dachshund, and she soon recovered. The dog became healthy and vigorous, but still, it seemed that despite all the hardships, she was waiting for the previous owner. Truly, dogs are amazing creatures: only they can wait indefinitely for their owners... Like the famous Japanese dog Akita Inu Hachiko, who was waiting for his dead owner before own death... And the dog can be sad for a person who mistreated this dog…
But back to the story about the dachshund in our shelter. Soon after she recovered, she was taken by a wonderful family: parents and two daughters.
When the girls saw the dachshund, they were so happy that it became clear: the new owners will take good care of their pet. Thus, the dachshund went to the new family. I’m sure she’s all right now.
But, alas, not all stories have a good ending... Recently, another dog came to us, who was also seized from alcoholics owners for cruelty to animals. They, too, were prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, but our veterinarian, alas, could not save the dog...
Hearing about this, I was very upset, and with difficulty restrained my tears. And why do some people hurt those who are weaker than them? How can they do that? I guess I can never understand why people are capable of such cruelty.
And this is not just about animal cruelty, but cruelty in general. Wars, murders, violence, hurting others... And the terrible things like that, the list goes on. Why do people do all this? No, of course, I know that someone is forced to do such things by psychological traumas, others just enjoy mocking the weaker... And yet, really, without this horror, the world cannot exist? Is it really impossible to be more tolerant of each other and other living beings? To do without all this is the horrors that is constantly happening, and criminal chronicles are filled with heartbreaking crimes.
I’m probably naive, but I really can’t understand much.
... On the day when the dog confiscated from the owners of alcoholics died, the owner of our shelter called me to her (it was private). She was a middle-aged woman with a strict appearance, with short dark hair. Her name was Elisa Brown. In her office, one could often watch two gorgeous red cats - her favorite pets. But now they were not here.
Elisa talked to me the little about what happened.
“I know it’s hard, but sometimes sad things like his dog’s happen in our work,” she said. “Alas, it is impossible to save all animals, however much we and other people would like to.” 
Elisa continued to speak, and I only nodded, thinking to myself that I would probably never get used to such things. Suddenly, Miss Brown abruptly changed the subject, asking me one strange question:
“Tell me, Tina, do you know what our animal shelter does?” 
“Of course I know,” I answered, a little bewildered. “Various animals come to us, we take care of them and try to find good owners for them. Shelter exists at your personal expense, Miss Brown. All our employees know that you are doing a noble cause.” 
“Oh, I see, so you still didn’t notice anything, although at one time workers from the Otherworldly Delivery Service, the Pet Affairs Department, came to you?” my interlocutor smiled. From her words I felt bewildered.
“What?” I muttered in amazement. “Did I tell you about my dream? I was sure that I didn’t tell anyone...” 
“No, no, you told me nothing, do not worry, you have no memory lapses,” continued Elisa. “It would probably be better to show than just explain.” 
The next moment, Ms. Brown snapped her fingers, and the contours of the room around for the second blurred. When they cleared up, I realized that I was standing in a large room, reminiscent in its luxurious and magnificent decor, of the office of a nineteenth-century mansion. And before I knew it, the features of the owner of the shelter also began to change. And now, in front of me was already the young woman of extraordinary beauty with long red hair.
“Tina, let me introduce myself again,” said Elisa. “My real name is Freyja. I am the Scandinavian goddess of love and war, and also, currently the chairperson of the Department of Pet Affairs of Other World. And you were chosen to work in the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department.” 

Chapter 2. Goddess Freyja and Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department
I looked at Freyja-Elisa in surprise. My brain seemed to refuse to accept what was happening, denying its reality. Perhaps when I received a letter from Snowball from the World of the Dead, I reacted more calmly, because I decided that what was happening was just a dream. Wait the dream? Yes, exactly, the dream!
“Oh, apparently I fell asleep...” I breathed the sigh of relief. “But where exactly did I fall asleep? Is it really behind the workplace when I helped to sort documents? After all, I’m sure that that poor dog, which was taken from the owners alcoholics, really died...” 
Thinking about the dog, my heart fell again. Unhappy animal! Maybe if the dog were taken from those people earlier, it would not end so tragically...
On the other side of my mind, I was literally starting to drill the thought: “I fell asleep in the workplace! Like I fell asleep! Surely, from stress!” 
Meanwhile, Freyja skeptically looked at me.
“Yes, young people today do not believe in miracles at all...” she sighed. And after a short pause she continued: “Well, you still have to believe it. And to prove that this is not a dream …” 
The red-haired lady thought for a moment. Then with a gesture she called me to her. I obediently approached, believing that I was dreaming all this. And then... Freyja pinched my hand! And she pinched me a lot!
“Ouch, it hurts!” I howled. “For what?” 
“So you make sure that this is not a dream,” she answered.
“Then... Hypnosis? Or did I breathe some poisonous fumes and now I have hallucinations? Just when I was going to work today, a pipe broke on the street on the way... And there was a strange smelling steam swirling around! Was it poisonous?” 
I felt a panic. Freyja sighed again.
“You have no hallucinations, this is not hypnosis and not a hidden camera. And especially not the abduction. We just transferred to my palace in Folkvangr, which is located in Asgard, the kingdom of the gods. Everything that you see now is as real as your hometown and the animal shelter I have organized, and in which you work.” 
“But, if you are truly a goddess, why do you need to organize the animal shelter in the World of People?” I asked a reasonable question.
“To directly observe the situation about animals on Earth.” 
Then my interlocutor thought for a moment, after which she said:
“Let me tell you everything from the very beginning. I guess I need to start with how our Pet Affairs Department was organized.” 
“Yes, probably,” I nodded.
Oddly enough, but somewhere deep down, I still believed what was happening. In the end, Freyja somehow found out about my “dream” , how did I get the letter from the late Snowball? But I didn’t tell anyone about this, and I didn’t write about it anywhere: neither in my personal diary, nor on my computer, much less on the Internet.
Meanwhile, the red-haired lady began her story:
“Every year, in the month of November, gods from all over the world gather for a meeting. In fact, the gods do not have and have never had any disagreements between themselves. The fact that people are at war with each other only hurts us. We live in peace, and we always try to mitigate conflicts between people and improve their lives whenever possible. For this, the gods arrange meetings once a year.
And so, at such the meeting, one and a half thousand years ago, the Celtic god Kernunn, who also protects animals, although most people forgot it, made one proposal. He said: ‘Many animals that live next to humans, especially dogs, cats, and some livestock, miss their owners after death. And before going to animal paradise or being reborn, depending on their life, and sometimes their personal choice, they would like to contact people they love. Therefore, I propose to organize a special Pets Affairs Department, and during it to arrange a Delivery Service. So that animals can, if they wish, write a letter to their owner or, if the owner does not know how to read, convey the message in words. Of course, spirits specially designated for this will write letters. And the Department will be led by a deity who will be elected at a meeting once every hundred years.’
The idea of Kernunn was supported by me, the Greek god of livestock Pan, the Kenyan god Ngai, the Sumerian goddess of livestock Lahar, the Slavic god of livestock Veles and other deities.
Thus, soon, the Pet Affairs Department appeared. And the first chairperson, according to the vote, was its ideological mastermind, Kernunn.
When an animal leaves the living world, depending on the deeds of earthly life, it either rebirth, or goes to animal paradise. Paradise for animals, by the way, is very similar to Earth. There, the souls of animals find their peace, and predators and herbivores live in peace. Herbivores always have green, juicy grass and ripe fruits. And predators have fresh meat, which appears on its own, and they do not need to hunt. In an animal paradise, no one hunts them, no one seeks to take their life from them. They do not get sick and do not feel pain... Those animals that have never lived near people immediately go to heaven or for rebirth. Their affairs are handled by another Department.
We are engaged in the affairs of animals that are close to humans. Each pet or other animal close to humans has the right after death to send one letter to the person who was dear in life. The letter is written by a special employee; after which it is sent with the Delivery Service to Earth. And after that, the soul of the animal goes to rebirth or to paradise.
For so many centuries, our Department has well debugged its work system. Including the work of the Delivery Service. It was for working there that you were chosen.” 
Freyja finished her very long story and looked carefully at me. I stood with eyes wide with surprise. Otherworldly Delivery Service that I was chosen to work in? All this was like some kind of fantastic work, and in no way resembled the reality familiar to me.
Finally, I asked a logical question:
“Why did you choose me?” 
“From time to time, we recruit new employees to our Department,” answered my interlocutor. “We are considering the candidacy of spirits and ordinary people. For example, you are going to be replaced by Melissa. Yes, the very Melissa who once delivered you the letter from Snowball! By the way, Melissa is the spirit that lives in the forest beyond your city. We can say that she is the keeper of this forest. Once it was big, but over time, as the cities grew, the forest decreased and thinned. Melissa decided to return to her duties as the keeper, in order to help grow plants and look after local animals.
Of course, the question arose before us: who should be taken in her place? After some thought, we selected several candidates: you and several spirits of nature. But the spirits refused. They are too busy maintaining order in those places for which they are responsible: forests, groves, swamps, lakes, rivers, mountains and so on. However, you see yourself that the environmental situation on Earth is not the best today. It’s not for me to tell you about this. And for these very reasons, we settled on your candidacy.
Naturally, previously we made all the necessary inquiries about you. We know that you love animals, and this is important in our work. And what, in a past life, you were the dog.” 
“Who was I?” I thought I misheard.
“The dog, or more specifically, the poodle,” Freyja answered calmly. “You lived with a well-to-do townswoman in Prague in the nineteenth century. In the past life, you did a number of important good deeds - you saved the life of the child and helped several people. That is why, when you last appeared in the Other World, you were given the choice: to go to animal paradise, or to be reborn not as an animal, but as a human. By the way, the Sumerian Goddess Lahar was then the chairperson of the Pet Affairs Department. You met her, although, of course, you don’t remember that now - after all, that was in the past life. And do not be surprised that you met the goddess! The divine essence is such that it can be present in several places at once. In particular, I, like Lahar, and like many other deities, do several things at the same time. Part of me is talking to you now, and several more parts of me are talking to the souls of pets. The ability to be present in several places at once allows me to work quickly. And despite the fact that on Earth, so many domestic animals die every day, they all quickly get into a conversation with me. Rather, with one of the parts of my essence.
However, this is a slight lyrical digression. As I said earlier, in the past life you met with Lahar. And you were offered to go to animal paradise or be reborn as the human. You have chosen the second, and now you are Tina. By the way, in a past life you name were also, Tina.” 
At these words, I froze, unable to find an answer. If I had not sat on the chair, I would surely have fallen in amazement. What was happening seemed to me less and less realistic. Although, the pinch of Freyja I still remembered clearly.
And so, I repeated my question:
“Let's say in the past life I was the dog. But then again, why did you choose me for such an unusual job?” 
“I say, because you love animals, and in the past life you were the dog. It seems to us the perfect combination. After all, we sometimes attract ordinary people to work in our Department.” 
I thought for the moment. All this seemed very suspicious to me.
“Can I refuse?” I asked.
“Yes, but not right away,” Freyja answered. “According to our rules, you can refuse only after the delivery of the first, so-called ‘test’ letter.” 
“In the sense of the ‘test’?” 
“Literally. We look at how you managed, and you finally decide: is this job suitable for you or not. If not, then we just seal these memories for you, because ordinary people are better off not knowing about it, and we don’t touch you with this question anymore. If all is well, then you continue to work with us. As motivation and reward: both for people and for spirits - increase of luck. Also, spirits are given additional energy, and we arrange people to increase salaries where they work. In this case, you work for me, so everything is simple: I increase your salary.” 
“By the way,” I suddenly realized, “and other employees of the shelter, also spirits and other supernatural creatures?” 
“No,” the goddess answered me, “they are ordinary people who love animals and want to work in this area. But my red cats, which can often be found in my office, are not simple. These are magic cats, my sacred animals and my helpers.” 
The fact that the pets of the owner of the shelter, two red cats were magical, was the revelation for me. Although, the fact that other employees turned out to be mere mortals definitely pleased me.
In the meantime, Freyja got out of the table and handed me a gray mobile phone, which looked like an outdated flip phone.
“Hold on,” the red-haired lady said, “you will receive tasks on this phone. When you familiarize yourself with the details and confirm it, the task becomes yours. Then, using the phone, if you select the “teleport” function, you find yourself in the right place. I will say right away: delivery orders come from all over the world. But while this phone is with you, you have nothing to be afraid of: there are spells with which you can understand the speech of any persons on Earth. And accordingly, they will understand you. In addition, with the help of this same spell you can read foreign texts: next to the original texts, you will see the similarity of subtitles. This works for books, and for signboards, and even for movie credits. In general, to everything written. You can also receive an envelope with a letter using your mobile: there is a function: “receive a letter”. It’s best to do this before you go on a mission. Using the “read the details” button, you can find out everything that can help you complete the task. For, sometimes it happens that people do not believe, refuse to accept envelopes and consider all this the cruel joke. And having familiarized yourself with the details, you will learn the number of important points, including those about which no one knew except the pets and their owners.
If you accepted the task, but did not complete it within 24 hours, it will be transferred to another employee. Yes, by the way, just delivering a letter is not enough: you need to make sure that it is read by the recipient. When the recipient reads the message, it will soon automatically flash a blue cold flame and burn so that there is no ash. And after that, a confirmation of the completion of the task automatically comes to the Delivery Service.” 
With little doubt, I picked up the phone and opened it. I saw on the screen the completely friendly and understandable bright interface.
In addition, I realized that just like that, Freyja will not leave me alone.
Suddenly, the phone rang in my hands, as if an SMS had arrived.
“This is your first task,” the goddess smiled. “Yes, by the way, you'll work with a former partner of Melissa, the German Shepherd spirit Jack. He was born in the twentieth century from the desires of children to have a dog. You will meet already at the job site. Now confirm task. Then you teleport. Don’t worry, the first task is usually not difficult.” 
“Confirm?” I hesitated for a moment.
On the mobile phone screen, I saw the text: “Sender of the message: a Maine Coon cat named Bell. Recipient: Cat Owner, Walter, 18 years old. Country: USA”. Nothing has been written yet.
And, common sense, despite the reality of what was happening, continued to repeat to me that all this was a dream. Probably, therefore, I confirmed the task. And then, I clicked the “read the details” button.
At that moment, something amazing happened. A golden beam burst from the phone screen. Everything blurred before my eyes, and the next moment I realized that I was standing on the street of a small town, next to a pretty house with a white fence.
“Where I am? Again, did any goddess take me to a strange place?” I was amazed.
Then I noticed a postman boy riding his bike and throwing newspapers.
One of these newspapers also got to the house where I stood. Having decided that it’s okay if I just look at the newspaper, because it will help me understand where I was brought, I went to the house. Looking at the newspaper, I saw the English text. Having read the text a little, I realized that I was in one of the cities of the USA. And I didn’t get anywhere, but on a Sunday twelve years ago.
“My God, the goddess Freyja first appeared, and now I am in the past?” I howled, not knowing how to react to what was happening. “Today is clearly not my day!” 
Having noticed an elderly lady nearby, I tried to find out at least something from her:
“Mrs., excuse me!” 
But an elderly lady did not hear me. And as if she hadn’t seen. She went to the house with a white fence and went inside.
“Walter! I'm back!” I heard the voice of the elderly lady from home.
“Grandmother, can I and Bell play outside?” some boy cheerfully answered.
“Of course! But be home by dinner: your parents will be home soon!” 
The next minute, a charming boy of about six with large eyes leisurely left the house with a large Maine Coon. The boy walked leisurely, because when walking he relied on special crutches. I don’t know much about medicine, but in our school, in my class, the boy studied, who at one time also relied on similar crutches when walking. He was seriously injured due to falling from a ladder, and rehabilitation took a long time. Apparently, Walter had the similar injury.
As for my classmate, he successfully overcame the difficult period in his life and fully recovered. He was able to graduate from the prestigious medical college, and he was even sent for an internship in another country. Now he is practicing in the best clinic of our city, dreams of becoming an allergist. Because, his younger sister was allergic to the dog, because of this, their family had to give their pet to their grandmother. I'm sure he will be a great doctor.
But this is a slight digression. For now, I was more interested in Walter and his cat.
“Walter and the Bell? It was they who were mentioned in the text of the task,” flashed through my mind, and then it dawned on me. Well, of course! Apparently this is the very “familiarization with the details”! And I ended up in the memories of Walter and Bell!
Realizing this, I began to carefully observe the boy and his pet. They played on the lawn: Walter held a wand with a toy tied to it, and the Bell “hunted” for it. They did not see me, although I was very close.
Suddenly, Walter noticed something on the other side of the street.
“Look, Bell!” he exclaimed. “It seems your ball is there! That's where he flew off yesterday when you played with dad!” 
After these words, the boy began to cross the road. For some reason, a very bad foreboding seized me. And not in vain, because the next moment, on the road, a car literally jumped out. I did not see who was sitting inside its, but the driver was probably drunk or under the influence of drugs: the car was rushing as if about to participate in races.
There were no people around, and Walter obviously did not have time to cross the street. His eyes widened in horror. Yes, and my heart froze too, because watching such a picture is unbearably scary! And then... The Bell bravely rushed at her owner. She jumped to Walter's chest, thereby pushing him away, from which the boy staggered, and fell to the ground. The car flashed literally a few centimeters from him, and did not even slow down! Fortunately, the child was not injured.
“Bell, you saved my life,” the boy said, sitting dumbfounded on the ground. Apparently, at first he did not even fully realize what had happened.
Finally, realizing what had happened, Walter crawled out of the way with his pet and clutching the cat, began to cry, repeating just one phrase:
“Thank you, Bell...” 
The cat purred softly, as if trying to calm her little owner.
And at that moment, everything blurred before my eyes, and the next moment I realized that I was again in the same room with Freyja.
“Have you read the details?” the goddess asked.
“Yeah...” I nodded dumbfounded, trying to recover from what I saw.
“Then take the letter and go!” Your partner Jack will be waiting for you already at the place of the task,” commanded the chairperson of the Pet Affairs Department. “By the way, when you complete the task, you will return without the help of the mobile. Next to you there will be an air button “return” visible only to you and your partner, Jack. And you need to click on it in order to return back.” 
Myself, not knowing why, but I obeyed. I pressed the button “receive a letter” on the phone. A golden ray appeared again from the screen, which soon turned into the envelope of parchment. I took it with my other hand and pressed the “teleport” button.
In the next instant, the golden ray already familiar to me burst from the mobile screen. It enveloped me, and when the radiance disappeared, I realized that I was in a completely different place.
I stood in a spacious hall on the ground floor of a house. Wardrobes, soft beige carpet under my feet. Everything at first glance is usual, but... Suddenly I realized that I was surrounded by a transparent bubble with a slight golden sheen.
“What is it?” I asked in amazement.
“Our invisibility,” came a voice from below.
Looking down, I saw a German Shepherd. I immediately recognized him!
“Jack! Is that you?” I asked.
“Of course,” he wagged his tail. “We will now work together, Tina!” 
“Yes!” I nodded. After which I asked: “So this bubble is our invisibility?” 
“Namely, until we cancel it with the “appear” button, we are invisible and no one hears us.
For a moment, the German Shepherd thought and then said:
“By the way! Lady Freyja must have told you the main details, but I want to clarify something else.” 
“What is this?” 
“About our work. You see, Walter is not at home right now.” 
“What? And if he comes in a few hours? And if he went somewhere to travel?” I was worried.
“No, no,” Jack shook his head. “Walter is coming soon. Our tasks are specially sent so that the person is at home, and if person is not there, person will certainly return soon. We choose the right moment, and appear in front of person. By the way, do not be surprised, it also happens that when teleporting, we find ourselves witnessing a quarrel or scandal. It is better to wait until everyone calms down, and appear only after that. In the same case, if suddenly there are some force majeure circumstances due to which we cannot complete the task, you can select the “cancel the task” button. It is in your phone that you received from Freyja. You just need to scroll and the button will be at the bottom of the screen.” 
I checked: indeed, the “cancel” button was at the bottom of the screen.
“And what force majeure circumstances can be?” I asked.
“Different,” Jack answered. “For example, a person may suddenly fall ill and be taken to a hospital. By the way, I’m here as magical support: some people are too emotional, and sometimes consider letters from the Other World as someone’s bad joke, and sometimes people think that we are demons. I am able to calm a little overly emotional persons. I also use magic in those cases when I have to work with people with a weak heart or with elderly people, so that our appearance does not become fatal for them. Also, I provide practical support. And I often help persuade the addressee to read the letter. Of course, as you understand, I also got acquainted with the details.” 
Suddenly the idea occurred to me, and I asked her:
“As I understand it, the Pet Affairs Department is big, isn't it? And can any employee be sent anywhere in the world? How is this determined?” 
“Special employees look at who is currently free from the Delivery Service, whether the time is right in the ratio of time zones, and so on. And on this basis, you, as well as other employees of the Delivery Service, are given the task. On average, there are two to three tasks per week for one employee of the Delivery Service. For we have many employees around the world. By the way - many people fall asleep after they see us. In the end, what happened, it seems, is then a simple dream. This is one of the features of magic transmitted by our letters. It’s easier for people to perceive supernatural events.” 
I understood what Jack was telling me. About the magic of letters and falling asleep - I immediately remembered how I myself fell asleep after reading the letter from Snowball. And thanks to Jack's explanation, I completely understood. “But Freyja would do well to speak in more detail,” I said mentally.
Meanwhile, the German Shepherd spirit continued:
“Freyja told you that I used to work with Melissa?” 
I nodded.
“Melissa went into her forest, and now the employee’s place has become vacant. Now, you have the test task. Walter was not just chosen for its - he is very stress-resistant. Therefore, this is not considered a difficult task.” 
I nodded again, for I had already heard that from Freyja.
“Then you know the basics!” the dog joyfully wagged his tail. “If you stay with us, the rest of the details, along the way, I, as a senior comrade, will explain to you on the place!” 
Suddenly, the front door made a distinctive sound, and the next moment opened. A young man appeared on the threshold of about eighteen.
Although he has changed a lot, but I immediately recognized Walter, for the episode from his childhood, I literally just watched through a magic phone. Now he was completely healthy - rehabilitation after an injury in childhood was successful.
“Mother, father! I returned!” he called out. “Everything is good at college today!” 
Then the young man looked at the wall clock:
“Oh, I see, they haven't come home from work yet,” he sighed. “Since the time my grandmother died, and then the Bell too, returning home is sometimes so lonely.” 
Walter headed for the dining room, about to eat.
“Better to wait a bit,” Jack told me. “Let him rest, and then we will appear.” 
“Okay,” I nodded, not doubting the words of the spirit of the German Shepherd, for they too seemed logical to me.
In the end, do not dumbfire a person who is tired after college by the fact that he received delivery from the Other World!
In the end, we waited until Walter had to eat in the dining room on the first floor, after which the young man headed for the second floor. He probably decided to go to his room.
Jack and I looked at each other and headed for him. My hunch turned out to be true, Walter, indeed, went to his room. He opened a laptop, wrote something to friends on social networks, and then sat down to study with notes from college.
I was curious about who Walter was studying for, and I looked over his shoulder at the notes. I knew English without the magic phone spell, which helps me not only understand foreign languages, but also read texts. Therefore, I immediately recognized the civil law records.
“Walter is a future lawyer!” I said to Jack.
“That's great,” the dog replied.
Walter taught civil law. Jack has been patiently waiting for the moment. Then one idea came to me.
“Jack, do you remember how you and Melissa handed me the letter from Snowball?” 
“Of course I remember,” the dog answered. It seemed as though he was smiling. After all, animals also have a very extensive facial expression for expressing emotions.
“Maybe we will appear before Walter, just as you and Melissa appeared in front of me then?” I suggested. “That is, while he is studying with notes. When we appear, he decides that he dozed off at his desk. And it’s easier to accept the news that he received a letter from Bell!” 
“Great thought,” Jack nodded. Although, in his voice, for some reason it seemed to me that he had expected such an answer from me.
So we did. After waiting a little longer, Jack and I decided it was time to act. And I pressed the “appear” button on the magic phone...
I remembered how Melissa and Jack once appeared in front of me. Then, I saw a glow on my side. And when I turned around, I saw the glow appear right out of the void, from where Melissa and Jack came out... Now amazed Walter watched something like that.
However, for me everything looked different. The peculiar golden bubble surrounding me gradually disappeared. And Walter saw us.
“Who are you two?” And how did you two come here?” asked the astonished young man a question. “Have I really fallen asleep while studying notes? So I dream of all kinds of fantasy!” 
Walter smiled. He reacted calmly to our appearance with Jack, deciding that he simply fell asleep.
I tried to recall that I had once heard from Melissa and said:
“Good afternoon, my name is Tina. I’m from the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department.” 
Then, like Melissa, I pointed to my fourth companion and continued:
“And this is Jack. He is a spirit who was born in the mid-twentieth century from the desires of children to have their own dog.” 
“Glad to meet you, sir,” the dog answered in the human voice.
Walter reacted quite unexpectedly:
“Oh, what an unusual dream! So realistic! Like a fairy and a magic dog appeared to me! And what do you want from me?” 
“You received a letter from the Other World. From your very dear friend, who, once, in childhood, saved your life,” I answered, holding out the envelope.
For a moment, Walter's eyes widened. He seems to have guessed that it was Bell. Without hesitation, the young man took the envelope from my hands, opened it, and began to read the letter.
As Walter read, his expression changed. Sometimes he smiled, and sometimes it seemed that he would cry. Finally, he finished reading and said:
“This is indeed the wonderful dream... I am glad that Bell will go to animal paradise... Thank you, fairy and magic dog, for giving me this message!” 
“Not at all...” I answered, not expecting such a sincere reaction.
“This is our job,” Jack wagged his tail.
The letter in Walter’s hands flashed with a blue flame, and burned so that there was no ash.
“If you read the letter, we should go,” Jack and I said goodbye to Walter.
By this time, I had already noticed the “return” button that appeared in the air. I clicked on it, and everything around me was covered with golden light.
***
When the golden light disappeared, I realized that with Jack I was in Freyja’s office.
“Congratulations, you have successfully completed the task!” she said joyfully.
I looked around in surprise. I really didn’t expect me to teleport back so quickly and simply! Who would have thought that such easy teleportation in space are possible!
Freyja, meanwhile, continued to say:
“I watched in a magic mirror how you performed this task. In my opinion, your candidacy is more than suitable for this job. Now it all depends on your decision: will you work for us or not? You have time to think. You can give an answer tomorrow.” 
“I don't need so much time,” I smiled unexpectedly. “I agree to work in the Otherworldly Delivery Service.” 
“What? Are you sure?” Freyja was surprised. “Usually, even spirits don’t give such a quick answer!” 
“I really do not need too much time to think,” I repeated. “When I saw how important it was for Walter to read the message from the Bell, I realized how important this work is. Therefore, I have no doubt.” 
“Okay,” Freyja smiled. “I feel your unwavering confidence. From now on, you, a full-fledged employee of the Otherworldly Delivery Service, the Pet Affairs Department. You will have the magic mobile phone, and Jack is now your partner in tasks.” 
“I will be happy to work together!” the dog wagged his tail.
“I'm glad too,” I smiled.
Freyja continued to say:
“Also, from now on, while you work with us, your luck will increase. And I will increase your salary at work. I don’t want you to consider me greedy, but if I increase your salary right away much, it will be suspicious. Therefore, I will add you the salary gradually, over the next few months.
“Okay,” I nodded.
However, the money I was worried about the least now. Much more I wanted to help people who have lost their pets. How Jack and Melissa once helped me by delivering the message from Snowball...
***
A little later, I said goodbye to Jack, and Freyja sent me back to the world of people, to the animal shelter where I worked. The goddess herself again turned into the “ordinary woman Elisa”. It turned out that no one noticed my approximately one-hour absence.
That day, as always, I fulfilled all my duties at work, and kindly said goodbye to other employees, including Miss Elisa, and went home.
Everything was at home as always, Pouf was happy about my return, mom cooked a delicious dinner, and dad watched his favorite TV show. Oh yes, I probably didn’t mention this: after graduating from college, I stayed with my parents. More precisely, I tried to rent a small apartment, but there was a catastrophic lack of financial resources. Therefore, I chose to stay at home for now. In addition, the parents were not opposed.
“You still have time to move out,” they said.
However, I have not yet thought about marriage, and I did not know a suitable candidate. Therefore, everything went on as usual.
And that same evening, when I went to bed, at night I had strange dreams about my past life, when I was the dog...

Chapter 3. When I was the dog...
Dreams are truly an amazing thing. They can retell the events of the day, sometimes show our hidden emotions in some allegorical images. Sometimes, it is believed that a dream can tell about the future. But, as I found out that night, dreams also open the veil of the distant past. Moreover, very distant - about what happened in a past life...
I dreamed that night that I was the dog. More precisely, more correctly, I saw the time when I was the dog. These were my memories and thoughts from a past life. I was both the dog and myself, that is, partly an outside observer. A very strange feeling, I must say.
So, in the past life, I was the dog. As now, then my name was Tina. I was the poodle breed. And I lived with the owner Suzanne and her family in a cozy picturesque house on the outskirts of Prague.
Apparently, my owners took me to live when I was a very young puppy. Because I did not remember my mother dog, my siblings at all. One of my earliest memories is related to the way my owner Suzanne combed my hair with a comb. And says:
“Tina, you are so small, and already so beautiful! You grow up, you will be even more beautiful! Mom is so proud of you!” 
“Yes, mom, I'm beautiful!” I answered.
When talking to me, my owner Suzanne called herself my mom. Her husband Zdenek called himself my dad. And their thirteen-year-old daughter, Teresa, always called herself my sis. Because of this, for a long time it seemed to me that I myself am a human, and they are my real blood relatives. It's just that I'm a little different from them in appearance, and I walk on four legs, and they are on two. That's all the difference! And so, we understood each other perfectly! Although, as I learned later, all good owners understand their pets. And it doesn’t matter that we are not really people, but animals. Anyway, for people we are family members. But I learned all about this later.
In the evenings, the family gathered together in the living room, and I was also there with them. Dad liked to talk on various difficult topics, something about politics or finance, mom used to sew, embroider or knit, and sis Teresa either helped her or read.
Sometimes, Teresa loved to read aloud to the whole family. For example, Hamlet, by William Shakespeare.
Mom Suzanne and dad Zdenek liked to listen to sis Teresa reading. At such moments, they said that it was not in vain that Teresa was engaged in lessons three times a week with a governess, a strict middle-aged woman! And they both hoped that when the sis grows up, she will successfully marry. Although, I did not yet know what it means to “get married”. I learned about this much later, when Teresa married and left our house. It unbelievably upset me, but I couldn’t change anything. However, all this was only to happen in the future. In the meantime, Teresa was a thirteen-year-old girl. And although the talk about marriage has already begun, the sis has not yet decided to enter into a marriage, so we all lived together.
... When I was very young, I was not allowed to go outside. I remember how I was taught to go to the toilet in a special place. Mom Suzanne put a small basin on the ground floor of the house, poured sawdust into it, and put a piece of the old rag that I urinated that morning there.
“Tina, you should go to the toilet here. Then, when you get older, you will go out.” 
Mom Suzanne pointed me to the basin, and I ran to sniff its. Feeling the smell of the toilet, I immediately realized what was required of me. I sat on the basin and urinated on it.
“You are right, well done!” Mom Suzanne praised me.
“Tina is so smart!” supported by her sis Teresa.
“Yes, I'm smart, and I'm great!” I wagged my tail.
“And you’ll become older, you will go to the toilet outside, on street!” Mom Suzanne repeated again.
I did not know what the “street” was, but I guessed that it was that mysterious place that was located outside the house. Mom Susanne, sis Teresa and dad Zdenek sometimes went there, and then returned. Sometimes, they brought with them baskets of things and food, which they called “shopping”. And every time it smelled so interesting from them! They smelled of other living things, and the attractive smell of grass, sometimes coming through an ajar window in the house. It's so interesting! And I was looking forward to when I, too, finally, can go out.
... I don’t know exactly how much time has passed, but one day, one fine morning, mom Susanna told dad Zdenek:
“In my opinion, Tina is already big enough to let her out. How do you think?” 
“Yes, dear, you're right,” he answered, not looking up from the newspaper.
The fact is that dad Zdenek read newspapers every morning. Sometimes the sis Teresa complained to me:
“Father constantly reads these boring newspapers before going to work!” 
I didn’t know what “work” was, but I didn’t ask, being afraid that they would consider me stupid. However, that morning, when mom Susanna spoke about the street, Teresa again complained to me:
“Ah, Tina! Father is reading too much morning paper! And then he goes to work, and comes only in the evening! And we communicate so little! By the way, Tina, do you know what “work” is?” 
“What is it?” I asked.
“Work is a place where men, and sometimes women, go to earn money,” replied the sis. “After all, one cannot lead a decent life without money! Although we are not very rich, we belong to the of wealthy citizens. It is due to the fact that dad goes to work, and my mother had a decent dowry at one time.” 
“Teresa, Tina still won’t understand you,” dad Zdenek said skeptically.
“No, she will understand! She understands everything! Really, Tina?” the sis was indignant.
“Yeah,” I replied, although in reality, it’s true, I didn’t really understand what I mean.
Therefore, I began to eat my food from specially set bowls for me. Mom Suzanne was moved, with what appetite I do it.
A little later, dad Zdenek went to work. As far as I knew, he was a merchant. Although, again, I did not really understand what this means.
Mom Susanna, as always, began to work around the house. And sis Teresa had a free day. Therefore, mom Susanna instructed her to “walk” me.
“And keep an eye on Tina carefully!” she said.
“Good!” Teresa answered, about to go outside. “Yesterday we agreed to meet with Zlata, she just has a bichon! I think they will make friends with Tina!” 
“Great idea!” appreciated by mom Susanna.
I did not know what the “bichon” was, but I realized that this is most likely the living creature.
Soon, my sis was going for a walk. She put on a top cloak and warm shoes - for it was mid-spring, so the ground had not warmed up yet, and it was cool outside.
“Do not go far from home and do not go anywhere with strangers!” in the end, mom Susanne said to Teresa. However, she always said that.
“Yes!” confirmed sis.
Then she called me to her, and we went out the front door of the house. This is the first time I went outside the house. As soon as I was outside, I was overwhelmed by a huge variety of smells. That turned out to be the smells of herbs, flowers, other people and other living things: rats, birds, cats, which I often saw sitting on trees through a window. And also, the smells of people walking on four legs and looking like me.
It’s not that I didn’t feel these smells at all: I studied them through an ajar window. But to be outside, inside all these aromas, is another matter!
At first I was a little confused and pressed against Teresa.
“Sis, I think I'm scared,” I said.
“Don't worry, Tina,” Teresa encouraged me. “Everything is fine, because I'm with you! Let's go to my friend Zlata, she has the bichon, Boloneza!” Boloneza is also the dog, although of a different breed, but I think you will make friends!” 
Sometimes they told me: “Tina, you are the good dog,” or that I am the smart dog. Until then, I thought that “dogs” are people who walk on four legs. No more. But that day completely changed all my knowledge of life.
... Our house in Prague was so that from there it was possible to reach the Vltava River. As I heard from mom Susanna, dad Zdenek and sis Teresa, townspeople often walked along the banks of the Vltava.
Finally, I saw it. Mothers with children, young girls with parents or companions and couples walked decorously on the river. Along with many, there were people like me walking on four legs. “I never thought there were so many of us!” I thought then.
Meanwhile, a girl of about her age, from whom she smelled very nice, approached sis Teresa. Her smell did not cause aggression, but, on the contrary, reassured.
Next to the girl was a furry creature on four legs, the human like me, those who are called dogs.
“Teresa, hello! I'm so glad to see you!” the girl was glad to see Teresa.
“Zlata, hello!” answered Teresa.
The girls exchanged a number of formal courtesies. Finally, Zlata drew attention to me and said:
“And it must be Tina! Tina, I'm glad to meet you! Teresa told so much about you! I still wanted to visit you in order to look at you, but there was no time... But how glad I am to see you!” 
“Hello, I'm Tina!” I shake hand to the new friend.
“Ah, how cute!” she exclaimed, and greeted me with her paw.
Then, Zlata turned to her companion, who walked on four legs, and said:
“Look, Boloneza, this is Tina! Although you are of different breeds, you are about the same age! You are only six months older. I hope you make friends!” 
Boloneza came up to me, and we began to sniff at each other. For some reason, it seemed to me completely natural, although I had not done so before. Finally, Boloneza said:
“I am Boloneza. I am the bichon, the dog of Zlata. Are you the poodle and Teresa's dog? Your name is Tina, right?” 
“Yes, I'm Tina,” I answered. “But I'm the sis of Teresa.” 
“People and dogs can be members of the same family, but never become blood relatives,” said the bichon. “For we are from different species.” 
“What does “from different species” mean?” I was amazed. “How is this possible? After all, we perfectly understand each other! I’m just the person who walks on four legs!” 
“You understand what they say, but your people cannot understand your words,” answered Boloneza. “Alas, but it is. At first I thought the same way you did, until the older dogs revealed the truth to me.” 
I looked at Teresa and Zlata. They were having fun talking about something.
I bowed my head and asked my new friend:
“So what should I do?” 
“Nothing,” she answered, “just to be happy, and to be the good dog.” 
***
Three years have passed. I counted the years in the winters: if there is a cold white mass on the street, then winter has come. In any case, that’s exactly what this time of the year was called by my people. And the white cold mass, which, if touch it with a warm paw, turned into droplets of water, my people are “Snowball”.
I must say that the Snowball is truly amazing! Here it is white, cold and fluffy! And if it melts, it immediately turns into water! It’s direct magic from those fairy tales that sis Teresa sometimes read aloud. But for some reason, people were not surprised by this magic, considering it something ordinary.
After the winter, when the Snowball melted, spring came. Everything around was filled with the smell of meltwater and moist earth, sprouts of new plants appeared, which faded only before winter. A huge number of insects crawled out, which are so interesting to watch. As it turned out, I was born in early spring, and at the end of this time of the year I first went outside when I was several months old.
Then, the time began, which people called summer. This is an amazing time! It’s so warm and the sun is warming nicely! So many interesting smells, and insects even more! In the summer, it’s so great to play outside the house!
After summer, autumn comes. The foliage on the trees falls, the flowers wither, the rains become more frequent. The insects are hiding somewhere, as if they want to wait for the heat in a safe place. Nature is slowly falling asleep. After autumn comes winter, and then again spring. The circle of seasons is repeated as a matter of course.
Maybe I'm not too smart. But I feel that nature will change its seasons, and in many years, even when I will be gone. Will I be gone? For some reason, the realization of this was in me from the very beginning, although no one spoke to me about it. Perhaps this is what people sometimes call “animal instinct”. But I knew for sure that my life, like the life of any other living creature, would come to an end. But although I don’t know what awaits me beyond death, for some reason I’m not afraid. This is probably true, my instinct. Something that is inherent in me from the very beginning, just like knowing how to breathe, or that I can give birth to puppies.
... Although I now knew that even if I was a member of the family, I was not the blood relative of mom Susanne, dad Zdenek and sis Teresa, I continued to call them as well. By the way, I learned to go to the toilet on the street, for which reason mom Susanne praised me very much.
Zlata and Teresa continued to be friends, therefore, I continued to see Boloneza. Sometimes, Zlata's younger cousin, Jan, joined us with his French Bulldog Martin. And we, dogs, played outside while our people had their conversations.
During one of these meetings, I had estrus. My people usually for some reason did not let me out on such days, except in the garden, and then under supervision. But this time, overlooked this moment. And between Martin and me what happened was about to happen. It was natural, and we both took it for granted.
When Teresa and Jan noticed our actions, they tried to pull us away, but late - everything had already happened. Soon, I realized that I will have puppies.
I remember mom Susanne and dad Zdenek swore at sis Teresa for a long time, and at me, and at Jan, and at Martin. I did not understand why: after all, it is natural for living things to leave offspring after themselves. But they swore so much that I still felt guilty.
In due time, I had three puppies: charming fur lumps, similar to fluffy bulldogs. But from the words of my people, I already knew that I had to part with them.
And so it happened: when my puppies grew a bit and got stronger, people took them from me. As I heard, dad Zdenek gave my puppies to his acquaintances merchants who needed dogs.
I missed my puppies for a long time, despite the fact that my sis Teresa tried to encourage me and said:
“Tina, don’t worry, your puppies are well taken care of. They have grown up and are learning how to guard trading depots. They are well fed, and they have a warm home!” 
I just looked at little sis Teresa with sad eyes.
Since then, during estrus, beyond the garden, my people have never let me out. And then under supervision...
But as everyone knows, even dogs, time heals wounds. Gradually, I stopped missing the puppies lost forever, and it seemed that everything was fine.
But such a good time did not last as long as I would like. For a year later, the sis Teresa married the son of the business partner of Pope Zdenek.
I remember the wedding ceremony. Many people gathered at the church, however, animals were not allowed into the church. I, along with Boloneza and Martin, were waiting outside (Jan brought us). Soon the little sis Teresa appeared: she arrived in a carriage drawn by our white horse, Snowball White. Snowball White and I never really talked: she considered me small and not smart.
When Teresa got out of the carriage, everyone saw her marvelous wedding dress, sewn from so thin lace, as if it was not fabric, but a web of a skilled spider.
I've never seen a sis so beautiful before! But the smell of the abundance of flowers coming from her, I didn’t really like it, to be honest. People call it perfume. But in my opinion, Teresa already had a good smell. However, as all dogs and other pets know, people have enough conventions.
Following her sis, her parents got out of the carriage.
The bridegroom was apparently waiting in the church. For a while, Teresa and her parents disappeared into the building. But soon everyone left the church. Now the sis was walking arm in arm with the groom. They got into the carriage together and drove off somewhere.
“Where are you going, sis Teresa?” I exclaimed.
“Now she is married, and will not live with you,” Boloneza answered me in a sad voice.
“How, can I really not see her again?” I was horrified.
Parting with my beloved little sis like iron hoops squeezed my heart. Like in the fairy tale about the The Frog Prince, when his faithful servant Henry shackled his heart with three iron bands in order to survive the time while his master is under the spell.
“You can see her, for sure Teresa will visit you,” meanwhile, Martin encouraged me. “She just went to another house. It’s not easy, but Teresa is alive and well, and if so, you will certainly meet.” 
I watched longingly after my sis. I did not know what would happen next.
***
Another year has passed. I was very worried that sis Teresa no longer lives with us, although she periodically came to visit us. Gradually, I began to notice that the sis's smell had changed a little, and her belly began to round. I don’t know where, but I understood what that means. Namely, the sis will have her own children!
In due time, Teresa gave birth to a healthy girl named Clara. Of course, I did not see the process of childbirth, but shortly after the birth of the baby, Teresa and her husband invited mom Susanne and dad Zdenek to their house. They also took me with them.
I must say, I was pleased a lot that the sis Teresa lived now no worse than before her marriage. Her new home was warm, with a spacious garden and filled with pleasant smells.
Baby Clara lay in a cradle in the children's room. Nearby were the happy paternal grandparents.
“Look, Tina, this is Clara,” Teresa said, leading me to the crib. “You could say you have now become an aunt! My spouse and I don’t have any pets, so I hope that you and Clara will make friends when she grows up!” 
The newborn squealed joyfully and tried to grab my nose. And I was filled with tender feelings, similar to those that I experienced when my puppies were with me. And I realized that Clara and I would certainly make friends.
Alas, I did not know what problems and misfortunes await us in the near future...
***
This happened a month after the birth of Clara. That day, as always, mom Suzanne went shopping. I went with her. We went around the shops in order to buy groceries and necessary things.
I liked to walk, and I always behaved well in the shops where mom Suzanne or sis Teresa went. Therefore, the sellers did not mind that I accompanied my people. On the contrary, they always told me:
“Tina, you are such a good girl! Ah, Susanna, you have the wonderful dog!” 
I began to joyfully wag my tail. Mom Susanna was also pleased to hear praise for her pet (that is, me).
... And so, that day, as always, we went around all the shops. Mom Susanna and I were already heading back home, when suddenly I felt the approaching rain. I did not attach any importance to this, because rains in summer are not so rare.
Soon, heavy rain fell.
“Oh, get wet, get wet!” mom Suzanne was worried. “Tina, we ran home!” 
And mom Susanne rushed home. Fortunately, it was not far away... I never understood why people are afraid of rain: it's so much fun: jumping under water falling from the sky! But if it’s impossible, then it’s impossible. If need to go home, then so be it. Therefore, I obediently ran after mom Susanna.
When we got home, it turned out that mom Susanne was completely wet. She hastened to change into dry, drink water with a strange smell, which people called “alcohol”. She washed me and wiped dry.
“Oh, I hope we don't get sick,” mom Suzanne sighed.
I knew that getting sick was bad. Several times my stomach ached: I ate something on the street, from the ground. After the last time, when my stomach ached very much, I decided to eat nothing from the ground. I also remember that sis Teresa caught a cold several times, in those days when she lived with us. She was lying in bed, the doctor came to her and told her to drink tasteless smelling medicines. Sis Teresa then coughed and blew her nose, but eventually got better.
Probably, at that time, I really didn’t understand how dangerous a cold could be...
... The next morning, mom Suzanne began to cough and blow her nose. In the evening she became ill. Dad Zdenek was worried and went for a doctor.
Trying to somehow cheer up mom Susanna, I lay down next to her.
“Oh, Tina, I haven’t been sick for a long time,” she said.
She said something more and more, but I do not remember well, because I was tormented by a bad feeling. It’s like I see mom Susanne the last days. And no matter how I tried to get rid of such terrible forebodings, I could not do anything.
... Soon, dad Zdenek returned with a doctor. The doctor, a strange-smelling man, gave mom Suzanne some medicine and wrote how to drink it.
“A simple cold, that's okay,” the doctor said then and left.
I guess I will never forget that day and these words. Sometimes, when I was walking with my mom Suzanne or my sis Teresa (after all, dad Zdenek was busy at work), I heard other people talking about medical stupidity or mistakes. Then I did not understand what it was about. And so, I had to face this...
Mom Suzanne drank all the medicines the doctor prescribed. But she was getting worse and worse. The doctor came several more times; mom Susanne did not feel better. Finally, the doctor admitted that mom Susanne had pneumonia and a worse outcome was likely.
Dad Zdenek was upset, and sis Teresa, who began to come to visit our mother often, burst into tears. I was also sad, I felt the inevitability of what was happening. And so, in the end, a few days later, mom Susanne stopped breathing...
I perfectly understood what happened, but did not want to believe it. I rushed about by her bed and howled, hoping for a miracle that she would wake up. But the miracle did not happen.
Sis Teresa and dad Zdenek mourned for a long time mom Susanne. Everyone who knew her came to say goodbye to her: there were many such people. And so, they put mother Suzanne in a box called the “coffin”, closed the lid and carried it somewhere.
I was locked in the house, but I was able to get out through the ajar basement window. In the garden, I climbed onto a barrel and jumped over the fence. And I rushed to run in the footsteps of mom Susanne, dad Zdenek and sis Teresa.
They came to the old cemetery. It was surrounded by a metal fence, and the gate were closed, therefore, I was able to observe what was happening only through the fence. The priest, a man in a long robe, spoke farewell words, and the people gathered around stood with mournful faces. Some, like sis Teresa, cried. When the speeches were over, the coffin with mom Susanne was lowered into the ground and began to be buried.
“No, do not bury mom Susanne! Why are you all doing it? What if she wakes up?” I howled outside the fence.
Of course, they noticed me. Sis Teresa burst into tears even more.
“Ah, Tina, nothing can be changed,” her words came to my ears.
... After the funeral, I tried to get into the cemetery, but dad Zdenek and sis Teresa kept me.
I was taken home. I was so upset that I did not listen to the conversation of my people.
It turned out that they were discussing my future. Dad Zdenek worked hard, and could no longer take care of me. Therefore, sis Teresa suggested taking me to her. Her husband was not opposed. And Clara, probably, will be more fun to grow up with the pet.
So the next day I moved to the house of my sis Teresa...
***
Time passed. I was getting used to the new home of my sis Teresa’s husband. By the way, his name was Carl. He was a calm person, as was dad Zdenek, who was engaged in trade.
I was glad that now next to my sis Teresa, Clara, and I liked Carl. But I really missed my mom Susanna and dad Zdenek. Alas, he rarely visited us because of work at work.
During walks, I continued to see Boloneza and Martin. Friendship with them helped me a little to distract from my problems.
As a result, time was able to heal my soul wounds a little. I calmed down a bit.
Clara was growing up. She had one very bad habit: to approach me and grab my nose. At the same time, she spoke in a touching, childish voice full of delight:
“Leather nose! Leather nose!” 
“Ah, Clara, you can't do that!” remarked to her by sis Teresa.
I just sniffle displeased, realizing that Clara is small and I can’t offend her.
Carl loved to read in the evenings to the sis of Teresa, her favorite poet Shakespeare, as well as his favorite Goethe.
So the days passed, the seasons changed...
And so, one day, Carl had a free day. Together with sis Teresa and little Clara, they decided to go for a walk on the banks of the Vltava River. They also took me with them.
Teresa was talking with her friends; Carl was discussing something with their husbands. Clara and the children of Teresa's friends were playing nearby on the grass. I played with Boloneza and Martin: we jumped on the fresh grass and ran after each other.
At some point, little Clara noticed a bright butterfly flying past. And the girl decided to follow the flying creature. Her parents and their friends lost sight of this moment. Me, Boloneza and Martin too...
We did not notice the absence of the girl until something terrible happened. And more precisely, then suddenly we heard a children's screech. Both people and we, dogs, turned on its: Clara, in her pursuit of the butterfly, fell into the waters of the Vltava. The river flow in that place was fast, therefore, a light child’s body swiftly carried away into the distance...
“Clara!” shouted sis Teresa and Carl.
Carl wanted to rush forward in order to save his daughter. But I reacted faster. Like lightning, I rushed to the Vltava.
Before that, I swam only a few times: even when I was walking with mom Suzanne. Then there were hot summer days. I remember she grumbled at me that, running away without permission to swim, I could catch a cold and get sick. And yet, that, getting very wet, I smell like a dog. Although, in my opinion, the so-called dog smell was quite pleasant, but people, it seems, didn’t really like it...
And so, I quickly ran to the waters of the Vltava. I jumped into the river. For some time, I was floundering in the water, trying to set the direction in which Clara was floating.
Finally, I succeeded, and I rushed forward. I swam. Sometimes, it seemed to me that the stream of the river was hopelessly ahead of me, and Clara was about to hide in the water element... But I never wanted to lose Clara either! After all, she is the precious child of the sis Teresa, and I also love her very much, despite the fact that she grabs my nose with the words: “Leather nose!”.
Finally, I managed to swim to Clara. Out of control, I grabbed her collar with my teeth and swam to the shore.
Having reached the coast, I carefully laid Clara on the ground, after which I fell down beside her without strength. It seemed that all the strength left me. But I was glad that the girl is now safe.
Sis Teresa, Carl and their friends arrived in time, grabbing their children in their arms. And also Martin and Boloneza came running.
“Tina, Clara!..” only Teresa could say, rushing to us.
After which she burst into tears, and hugged both me and Clara at the same time.
I tried to calm my sis Teresa by putting my face on her shoulder. But she cried and cried. And even Carl barely held back tears.
“All is well, we are both alive,” I tried to say.
But remembering that people actually don’t hear my words, I just began to rub soothingly on my sis’ shoulder.
***
After saving Clara, we all rushed home. Teresa prepared a warm bath for Clara, rubbed she with something, and then put on her warm clothes. Carl brought a doctor. Fortunately, it turned out that everything was fine with Clara, but the doctor, just in case, said before leaving:
“If you notice the slightest sign of a cold in your daughter, call me immediately!” 
They decided on that. The doctor is gone. And my sis Teresa and Carl began to praise me for saving Clara. After that, sis Teresa cooked me a truly delicious dinner.
The next day, we were visited by dad Zdenek, in order to make sure that everything was fine with his granddaughter...
... A few days have passed. Fortunately, Clara did not get sick. So do I. Life was returning to its usual course. I really liked it...
***
A few more years passed. The seasons changed: spring, summer, autumn, winter... Everything, as always, life went on. Clara grew up, everyone said that she was five years old.
I felt less active than before, but still full of energy. The days went by as usual, only one thing really upset me: Martin died last winter. Boloneza lived a little longer than he did, and died in the spring. Without my friends, I was extremely lonely. Although, I knew that the end was inevitable, and someday my last day would come. But still I tried not to think about it, I wanted to spend as much time as possible with my sis Teresa, little Clara, and Carl too.
Not so long ago, Carl made a profitable bargain, and we moved into a bigger house. The trading business of Carl, as Teresa said, “business is booming”. She was very pleased. She hired a governess for Clara, so that the girl grew up educated and well-mannered.
Everything seemed to be fine. This went on for some time. We lived peacefully and calmly.
But one fine day, from the very morning I was overcome by vague evil forebodings. I walked anxiously around my sis Teresa and Clara. They did not understand why I was behaving this way.
“Tina, it seems to me, or is something bothering you?” Teresa asked.
“Yes! I feel something bad will happen!” I answered.
But sis Teresa heard only my barking.
“Oh, you probably want to play... Or maybe you suddenly miss Carl? He, as always, will come in the evening! And if you want to play, go to Clara! You know, she’s always happy about that!” 
Teresa rarely completely misunderstood me. But now it was just such a case...
I sadly went to Clara. Seeing me, the girl was delighted, and, as before, joyfully said:
“Leather nose! Dear Tina! Let's play!” 
And Clara started throwing me a wand, and I brought it back. I always liked this game. But that day, it did not please me...
***
In the evening, as always, Carl came. The whole family was together again. The governess hired for Clara by her sis Teresa was also at home. Once a week, she had a day off when she left to visit her family, but today she had a regular working day. Therefore, the governess this evening was engaged in drawing with Clara. Sis Teresa was embroidering, and Carl was reading some boring book, which Teresa really did not like to listen to.
At the right time, everyone went to their rooms. I headed to Teresa and Carl's room. They let me sleep on the bed, and I settled comfortably at their feet. But misgivings did not leave me...
Finally, I managed to fall asleep. I did not know exactly how much time passed. But suddenly I woke up from a strange noise coming from the back door on the first floor.
I knew what household sounds usually made, including the governess. Therefore, I got used to them, and did not pay attention to them. But this sound turned out to be different!
I was extremely worried. I had terrible suspicions that bad people who were called robbers could get into the house. As far as I knew, robbers carried everything of value from home, and even worse, they could harm the owners.
I jumped out of bed and whined. Carl and Teresa woke up.
“What is it, Tina?” surprised Carl. “Did you dream something? Or is something wrong? I think I hear some strange sounds...” 
“What if this gang of robbers who are operating in Prague and its environs now?” scared Teresa.
“Perhaps,” Carl nodded, resolutely pulling a pistol from the bedside table. Then he said to Teresa: “We will leave the room together. You will warn Clara and her governess, and in the meantime I will go down to the first floor and check everything there. You close together in one room, and do not go out until I come for you! And let Tina be with you!” 
And so, soon, I, sis Teresa, Clara, and the governess closed in the room. Sis Teresa also armed with the pistol. And Carl, meanwhile, went down to the first floor in order to check what was happening there.
Soon the sounds of a struggle came to my ears. Apparently, sis Teresa, Clara, and her governess also heard this, because their faces became an extremely frightened and worried expression. I could smell the fear that came from them. I wanted to get out and began to cross myself at the door. But sis Teresa told me:
“No, Tina, you must not go out. We'll wait for Carl here.” 
As soon as she uttered these words, we heard on the ground floor two shots, two screams, and then again some kind of struggle. We got scared even more, but soon I heard familiar footsteps and smelled Carl. And so, his voice was heard outside the door:
“It's alright, it's me. Teresa, you can open the door.” 
Sis Teresa, with tears of joy in her eyes, rushed to open the door. And just a few moments later, we saw Carl. He had several spots of blood on his clothes, but the smell made it clear: it was not his.
However, sis Teresa did not understand this and was extremely worried.
“It's alright, it's not my blood,” Carl said. “On the ground floor there were two robbers. Apparently they decided that since my business was successful, it means a lot of money at home. That is stupid! I keep all the main things in the bank! In any case, I managed to shoot them both knees, tied and locked in the pantry.” 
“Will they die?” Teresa asked. There was no sympathy in her voice at all.
The governess still looked scared, but Clara, apparently, didn’t quite understand what was going on. For she asked:
“Who will die? What's happening? And where did dad go? And what were the two loud sounds? And who was screaming?” 
Teresa tried to calm her down. Carl, meanwhile, continued:
“The robbers will not die, I bandaged their wounds. I wish them to be punished legally. Therefore, I’ll go to the police right now. Fortunately, it is not far. And you all lock up again. And you, Teresa, don’t take the pistol away. Suddenly the robbers had accomplices?” 
They decided on that. Carl is gone. We locked ourselves again, and Teresa again picked up the pistol.
After some time, three voices were heard on the ground floor: one belonged to Carl, and the other two to strangers. I realized that Carl brought the police. I knew about the police that they catch bad people and lock them in a place called a “prison”. True, where is this place, I did not know.
Soon some noise was heard and unfamiliar voices departed. Carl returned to us. As it turned out, the police took the robbers. They had no accomplices, they acted together. It turned out that they had long tormented the inhabitants of Prague, robbing the homes of wealthy citizens. Now they were awaiting court and prison.
“I think they won’t be released from there for a long time,” Carl said at the end.
Thus, the story of the robbers ended well for us. And everyone praised me for waking Carl and Teresa on time.
***
A few more years passed. I completely ceased to be energetic, strength became less and less.
One fine day, I realized that my life path has come to an end. It’s hard to say how I understood this, I just realized that. I’ve been lying so much lately, but that day I hardly moved.
My people also realized that something was wrong with me. Sis Teresa, Carl, and even more grown up Clara were worried. Even the governess of Clara (already different, who had replaced the previous year ago) looked worried.
Finally, sis Teresa realized what was happening. By that time, the strength had almost left me. Teresa sat next to me. There were tears in her eyes. She told me something, but I did not understand the meaning of the words. She stroked me, and it relaxed me.
I felt like falling asleep. My breathing weakened. When I almost fell asleep, I heard a desperate exclamation from sis Teresa:
“Tina, don't die!” 
But, alas, it was too late... I took my last breath, and my world was completely covered with darkness …
***
It would seem that this is the end, but suddenly I woke up in a strange place. It was a spacious room with beautiful furniture, filled with the soothing smells of herbs.
Suddenly I noticed a beautiful young girl. Her dark hair was tidied up on the sides in two buns, shaped like sheep’s horns.
An unusual smell emanated from the girl. Not as it usually comes from people. And there was something soothing and calming in her smell.
The mysterious lady was looking at some papers, but she suddenly noticed me:
“Ah, Tina!” she said. “Finally you woke up! Do you remember how you came here?” 
“Here?” I was surprised.
“Here,” the girl replied. Oddly enough, but she perfectly understood my words. “I mean the moment when your soul from the World of the Living was escorted here to the Other World. This is done by special spirits, the so-called “Guides of Souls”. They escort the soul across the river of the Other World. Although, souls usually do not remember this. But there are exceptions.” 
“Do you understand me? Do you understand my words?” just in case, I asked. “Who you are? Why do you have such a strange smell? You are not an ordinary person, are you?” 
“That's right,” the girl replied. “I understand your words, and I'm not the simple person. I am Lahar, the ancient Sumerian goddess who patronizes livestock. And I'm the chairperson of the Pet Affairs Department of the Other World.
The divine essence is such that it can be present in several places at once. I and many other deities are doing several things at once. Part of me is talking to you now, and several more parts of me are talking with the souls of other pets and sorting out documents with the employees of the Department. That is, thanks to the ability to be present in several places at once, despite the fact that many domestic animals die every day, their souls quickly get into a conversation with me. More precisely, it’s more correct to say, they get into a conversation with one of the parts of my essence.” 
I did not quite understand what Lahar meant. She continued to say:
“After death, any animal, if it was good during life, is sent to animal paradise or reborn as another animal or person. Wild animals are simply reborn, and domestic animals are often reborn so as to get to those people with whom they lived before. But, of course, if the people with whom the animal lived were kind to that animal.
Also, since pets lived near people, they can write a letter to their owner. If the owner does not know how to read, we can convey the message verbally. Would you like to write something to the people you lived with?” 
I thought for a moment. Sis Teresa was able to read, that's for sure. And I would like to convey to her my last words.
“I want to send the letter! But how? I don’t know how to write, and it can hardly be done with paws.” 
“Oh, don't worry!” Lahar answered. “A special spirit will write the letter. And our Delivery Service will deliver it. And then, you can choose: whether you go to animal paradise or be reborn. Since you were a good dog, you saved little Clara and woke up your people in time when the robbers got into the house, you can get out to be a human being.” 
I looked in surprise at Lahar. But in any case, at first I wanted to write the letter.
“I would like to write the letter to sis Teresa,” I said after a short pause. “And to tell in my message how I loved my sis, mom Susanne, dad Zdenek, little Clara and Carl. And I do not want them to grieve for me. As far as I can remember, I never liked when one of them was sad!” 
“Well, so be it,” smiled Lahar. “You can say anything in the message. Now I will call for a special spirit.” 
The goddess clapped her hands three times, and now, that special spirit appeared in front of me. He looked like a young man in strict glasses. In his hands he held a pen and a scroll of parchment.
“Lady Tina,” said the young man, “today I will be your scribe. Please dictate to me what you wish to tell your people.” 
I was a little embarrassed by the appeal “Lady”. Meanwhile, the young man sat at the table.
One thing surprised me a lot: I knew that pens had to be dipped in ink to write something. Therefore, I asked:
“Where is your inkwell?” 
“Oh, this is not necessary at all!” the young man answered me. “All scribes of the Pet Affairs Department have special pens that write without ink.” 
I did not understand how this works, but did not ask for details.
“Please, Lady Tina, dictate your letter to me,” the young man repeated.
And I began to dictate. The letter turned out to be quite long. In it, I tried to say how I love everyone, and how I had been missing all this time mom Susanne. When I finally finished, the young man bowed and left with the words:
“Now I will convey your message to the Delivery Service. Do not worry, it will be delivered safe. Most likely, the spirit of forest Melissa and the spirit of the flowers Echinacea will do this. They are very reliable and responsible person.” 
When the young man disappeared from view, I asked Lahar:
“And who are Melissa and Echinacea?” 
“Oh, as the scribe said, they are employees of the Delivery Service. Anyway. Tina, don’t worry - your letter will certainly be delivered. Now choose what you want: to become a person in the next life or go to animal paradise? But remember, if you want to be reborn, you will forget everything about this life.” 
I thought about it. And after a short pause she asked:
“If I go to animal paradise, can I see mom Susanne? And then will I meet my sis Teresa and the others?” 
“As far as I know, Suzanne is not in the Other World,” Lahar shook her head. “She chose to be reborn again, and not go to heaven. What will happen to the rest, I can’t say until their time comes. And you need to decide now.” 
“Mom Suzanne reborn? But why?” I asked in surprise.
These words amazed me. Then why didn’t she go to paradise so desired for her?
Lahar meanwhile answered:
“I definitely don’t know all the details, but as some spirits told me, when Susanne heard about the possibility of rebirth, she chose that path. In order to once again live an Earthly life, and again, perhaps, to meet those whom she knew in her previous life. And even if she has no memory, she will feel them with her heart.” 
I thought again. And finally I said:
“Well, then I will make the same decision. I want to be reborn as a person, so that once again it is possible to meet everyone I knew in my current life. And mom Susanna, and sis Teresa, and dad Zdenek, and little Clara and even Carl...” 
“So be it,” Lahar nodded.
Suddenly in her hands appeared a silver dish with pink liquid.
“This is an elixir of oblivion,” said the goddess. “Drink it, and when the right time comes, you will be reborn as a person. But remember that you will forget everything about a past life. Before it's too late, you can still change your mind.” 
“I decided everything,” I answered.
Lahar set the dish in front of me, and I began to drink the elixir of oblivion. When I finished it, for a moment everything was covered with darkness. Or did I think that only a moment passed? Perhaps a century has passed! Then, a flash of bright light followed. I don’t remember what happened next. I seemed to melt into a certain warmth. But for some reason I was sure that everything would be fine...

Chapter 4. The Girl and the Dolphin
Some time has passed since I completed my first task in the Otherworldly Delivery Service of the Pet Affairs Department.
I no longer dreamed about how I was the dog, but for some reason I was sure that dream was very important and true. And I remember its well.
I don’t know if I met anyone from my past life, but involuntarily noted that my mother reminds me of Susanne with some habits, my father reminds me of Zdenek. My friends Annie and Greta are something like Teresa and Clara. And one cousin of Greta was simply Carl in character. Although, this may be a coincidence.
Also, during this time I completed several more delivery tasks. They went smoothly, as with Walter. Jack said this because I'm still a beginner: so I get tasks easier.
Freyja, as promised, raise me the salary. And I was finally able to start living on my own, renting a small apartment not far from work. Parents were very surprised that my boss “was so generous”. I said this because I worked well. I will not shock parents with stories about Other World, the goddess Freyja, the Otherworldly Delivery Service and the spirit of German Shepherd Jack?
By the way, Pouf, of course, stayed with my parents. Can't I take the dog with me when I’m at work all day? In addition, this would separate Pouf from two other people important to him: mom and dad. But I often visit home, so everything was fine.
... That day I had a day off. The day off at work in the animal shelter. For, the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department, does not know such concepts as a day off or vacation.
Although, I can’t say that at my “extra” work I was very tired. The largest I received three assignments in a week. As Freyja and Jack said, this is the maximum of tasks for a week for one person. And sometimes, I had one task at all, but most often two.
Despite the sad atmosphere (after all, we were talking about dead pets), I no doubt completed the tasks. After all, I delivered the last will of the deceased animals to their owners. I will never forget how important it was for me to receive the letter from Snowball...
And so, that day, my special phone made a characteristic sms sound. The screen read: “Sender of the message: a dolphin from a dolphinarium named Snow Wave. Recipient: Dolphin trainer, Yue, 24 years old. Country: China.” 
Seeing the message, I already habitually pressed the “confirm” button in order to take the task. I was curious that a dolphin was present there. After all, before that, all my tasks were related to cats, dogs and one turtle.
Confirming the task, I decided to get acquainted with the details. I pressed the desired button, and from the screen mobile, as always in such cases, the golden beam burst out. The next moment, I realized that I was standing on a certain beach.
“Oh, I’ll probably never get used to this acquaintance with the details...” I sighed.
After which, I began to look around. I stood on a sandy beach. Around me were people resting. Suddenly a female voice attracted my attention:
“Yue, if you want to swim, don’t swim far! It may be dangerous!” 
Once again glad that I can understand foreign languages as my duty, I turned around and saw a young woman with a girl of about ten years old.
The girl was wearing a pink swimsuit, and she looked very cute. Looking at this, I understand how wonderful it is to have own children.
However, now this is not about that. A girl named Yue (yes, this was the girl to whom the letter was intended) replied:
“Okay, mom.” 
And she ran with other girls and boys into the water. They swam and played. But something attracted Yue's attention, and she sailed away from friends.
For a while everything was fine, but suddenly, it became clear that the girl was drowning. Apparently her leg fell asleep into the water. Friends were far from her, and adults were on the beach, and did not even understand what was happening, until Yue started screaming for help.
Lifeguards rushed to her, her mother rushed anxiously along the shore - apparently she could not swim. But some of the lifeguards got ahead. Just a moment later, I saw Yue appear on a dolphin’s back, as if in a movie.
A clever marine animal carried the girl ashore. Yue and her mother warmly thanked the animal with smart eyes. The dolphin made happy and friendly sounds. Then the dolphin sailed and gradually disappeared into the sea distance.
“Thank you very much, Mr. Dolphin!” Yue shouted after him. “I will never forget you! Never!” 
The next moment, the picture in front of my eyes changed, and I realized that I was standing in the office. There were two there: the man, clearly a certain boss, and the young girl, apparently, who came for an interview. I recognized the adult Yue.
“So you say that you love dolphins more than anything and want to become the trainer in our dolphinarium?” the man asked.
“Yes! I have been dreaming about this since childhood! And I will do my best! Of course, if you hire me.” 
The man thought for a moment. Then he looked again at the girl’s resume and said:
“Excellent! You are hired! This is an urgent vacancy! But I will say right away that the dolphin with whom you have to work, Snow Wave, is very wayward. Not a single trainer could stand it for a long time.” 
“I'm sure we will make friends with him!” answered Yue.
And now, various shots from the life of Yue and Snow Wave flashed before me. How they first met, how the dolphin refused to obey the girl, but she did not give up. And one fine day, when there was a free minute, Yue said to Snow Wave:
“I really want to make friends with you, but I don’t know how. Maybe tell you a story? For example, I recently read the fairy tale ‘Sleeping Beauty’.” 
Oddly enough, but after that, Snow Wave and Yue became friends. And the girl often after this told the dolphin various tales.
But nevertheless, one of Snow Wave’s favorite fairy tales (at least Yue thought so) was the very first “Sleeping Beauty” that she told.
Different shots from their life flashed before me. Their training and performances, reading fairy tales to the dolphin. But then, I saw how Snow Wave fell ill and died. Veterinarians were powerless. And of course, Yue was very sad about her friend.
This is where the visions ended. And I pressed a button on my magical mobile, “receive a letter”. A golden ray, already familiar to me, appeared from the screen, which soon took the form of an envelope. I took the message with my free hand, and pressed the teleport button.
And now, a golden ray of light burst out from the mobile screen again. It enveloped me, and when the radiance disappeared, I saw that I was in a certain house, obviously in the living room.
The interior was fashionable and stylish. The one who designed the dwelling clearly treated its with love. Bright glass lamps hung on the ceiling, paintings with abstractions on the walls. The walls were drawn light beige.
‘This is probably Yue’s house,’ I guessed.
Then I noticed the “bubble” of invisibility surrounding me and my partner Jack.
“Jack, hello!” I was glad to see the dog.
“Hi!” he answered. “How are you doing?” 
“Everything is okay!” I smiled. “And how are you?” 
“Okay, too!” 
Having greeted Jack, I asked:
“Yue is at home now?” 
“Yes, in her room. But she was literally heartbroken over the deceased Snow Wave... Even at work, the boss gave her several days off. It’s very hard for her now...” 
“As I understood, he and Snow Wave performed together for several years, right?” 
“Yes...” Jack's tail sank sadly. He also sincerely sympathized with the girl.
There was a slight pause between us. Finally, I asked:
“Why don't we go to Yue now and give her the letter?” 
“Her mother is at home,” the German Shepherd spirit replied. “Usually, at this time, she goes to the store. We need to wait a bit. Otherwise... It’s a little strange.” 
“Yeah, I agree,” I nodded.
I did not have to wait long, because soon, a middle-aged woman appeared in the living room. She looked good, probably even younger than her real age.
“Yue, I went to the store! I'll come and cook your favorite dish!” the woman shouted inland.
“Okay...” came a sad voice.
Then the woman went out the front door. Before the door closed, I saw a staircase.
I realized that we are in an apartment, not in a private house. Before that, I still doubted where we were: in the house or in the apartment? However, such thoughts were not relevant.
“It's time to act,” Jack said.
I nodded. And we went to where Yue’s voice came from earlier.
The door to the room was half closed. The walls were decorated with several collages in large frames. All the photographs on them depicted one thing: a girl with a dolphin or just a dolphin. I immediately recognized Yue as the girl. And the dolphin, of course, was Snow Wave.
Yue herself, sat on the bed and hugging a pillow. Her face expressed great sorrow. Her eyes were red and swollen from tears. It became clear that the girl was not able to do anything, and could not pull herself together after the loss of the dear friend.
“Appear?” I asked Jack.
My heart ached unpleasantly at the sight of the saddened Yue. I myself knew how painful it is to lose dear pets... And pets, in my opinion, it is impossible not to love. Those same people who mistreat pets and animals may have experienced some kind of terrible psychological trauma, or their hearts hardened for other reasons... After all, everything must have its own reasons, shouldn't it?
Meanwhile, Jack answered me:
“Yes, we are starting to act. Our time is limited to about forty minutes: Yue’s mother goes to the store near her home.” 
“I understand...” I answered shortly and pressed the “appear” button.
And so, the golden bubble that surrounded Jack and me gradually disappeared. And Yue noticed us.
“Who you are?” she was scared. She began to look around; the girl was clearly looking for a way to escape. Her gaze lingered briefly on the window, and she rushed to its.
“I beg you, Ms. Yue, do not be it!” I said. “We will not harm you, for we are the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department! We will not offend you! Just don't jump!” 
The girl froze and widened her eyes, and Jack said:
“Tina... This is the second floor... And below, just beneath her window, a soft shrub grows, so from that height she will not suffer much.” 
“Ah, really?” I sighed in relief.
Meanwhile, the girl continued:
“It is true that I am Yue - my name is written with the hieroglyph “moon”. Who are you two? Talking dog? What nonsense! Surely, a microphone is somewhere attached to it... Aah! I realized this is a hoax! So, let’s upset you - I have never had cats or dogs! And I don’t believe in talking animals!” 
It became clear - the girl was skeptical. We appeared before her literally from the air, and she did not believe what was happening.
“For such moments, I’m working as your partner!” said Jack with perky notes in his voice.
He whispered something, and the next moment the girl's face became much calmer.
“I use soothing magic,” the dog whispered to me. “Now tell her what only she and Snow Wave could know.” 
“Ms. Yue, I know it's hard to believe,” I said. “But we really are from the Otherworldly Delivery Service. We have brought you the letter from Snow Wave.” 
“What a cruel joke...” the girl sighed. However, she looked much calmer. Jack's magic worked.
“No, this is not the joke! For example, we know that you told the tale “Sleeping Beauty” to Snow Wave! Or in childhood, a dolphin at sea saved you!” 
Yue widened her eyes.
“I can still understand what you learned about my childhood... It was after that incident that I decided to become the trainer in the dolphinarium... But how did you find out about the fairy tale? Every time I looked around, so that only Snow Wave heard me before starting the story.” 
“Because we are the Otherworldly Delivery Service,” I replied, holding out the letter. “Please read.” 
“I understand, I'm sleeping...” Yue sighed, however, picking up an envelope.
She opened the letter and began to read. As she read, her face took on various expressions. When she finished, the letter flashed blue flame and disappeared.
“Snow Wave... He asked me not to be sad. And he really liked the way I tell tales,” the girl burst into tears. “But I can't help but be sad, I need time. However, for some reason, after reading this, I felt better. Thank you two.” 
“I'm glad you felt better,” I said.
After which, the “return” button appeared next to me in the air. I pressed it, and everything around me was enveloped in a golden glow. And when it disappeared, I was again in my apartment.
“Well, not all recipients are that simple,” I thought. “I am sure that there are still many difficulties ahead. But I firmly decided that I would do it!” 
I looked out the window. The sun was shining on the street. This inspired a certain optimism. In addition, I still had free days off. And I went about my business, thinking that now, Yue, probably, everything will be fine.

Chapter 5. Little Wolf
I got this task two days after the story with Yue. It was Monday, mid-day, when I received a task on the magic phone. And then Freyja-Elisa called me.
Saying that she knew about my task, she allowed me to teleport from her office, so as not to cause a sudden disappearance of panic among the shelter workers. So I did: I accepted the task, took the letter, got acquainted with the details, and then teleported.
When I teleported, I realized that I was standing on the green grass in the courtyard of a small house painted with green paint.
As far as I knew, I ended up in a village in Russia. It would seem that a large city was relatively close, but the village looked a little sad. The whole settlement was fifty houses. There were no shops; instead, a truck with groceries and essentials came twice a week.
When it arrived, it loudly honked, and the local children, whom their parents sent to their grandparents for the summer, rode bicycles and announced their surroundings with their voices:
“Bread! The bread has arrived!” 
An ordinary mobile phone (not my magic one) didn’t catch a signal well.
The permanent residents of the village were several old women and several old men.
Young people left the village a long time ago, and even a middle-aged person was not found. In addition to those who came to their elderly parents for the summer, bringing their children with them. But most homes were used only in the summer. That is, someone when sold the house and moved to live in another place. Other houses had a sadder story - older owners died, and sometimes their children or grandchildren came there, who had long moved to the city.
There were, in this place, the positive aspects: the air is a wonderful, filled with aromas of herbs. At the house, which turned out to be my goal, a wonderful tall white birch grew. And through the fence, an imposing linden was visible growing in the middle of the road, the only street of the village. Its leaves shimmered beautifully in the sun, as if they were doused with liquid gold.
But there was one more minus: mosquitoes. Since the village was in a lowland, and behind it there were swamps, nasty insects buzzed unpleasantly. Fortunately, they could not pass the barrier of invisibility.
My partner, the spirit of the German Shepherd Jack, as always was with me. We greeted each other, and the dog said:
“So, our goal: the elderly woman Marfa Semyonovna. She received a letter from Little Wolf, a local mixed-breed dog that Marfa Semyonovna often fed. Previously, Little Wolf lived with the owner, but he drank too much and died this year, in early spring. The dog was left alone, however, the owner briefly survived... The granddaughter of Martha Semyonovna, Nastya, often offered to take the Little Wolf for herself. But since both Marfa Semyonovna and her granddaughter’s family already have dogs, the woman was simply afraid that the animals would not be able to get along. Moreover, Little Wolf did not starve, because it was fed not only by Marfa Semyonovna, but also by other inhabitants of the village. Locals fed him in the winter. In winter, Little Wolf lived in the house of his deceased owner: he passed through a hole in the door. And the locals sometimes let him into their warm sheds. But this summer was cold, and Little Wolf, one day, decided to keep warm under the same truck-store. He was not noticed by either the driver or any of the buyers, the car drove off when the dog was under it... Little Wolf died... However, you all know that.” 
I nodded. Indeed, I knew all this from reading the details. I was very sorry for the Little Wolf, my heart hurt and I wanted to cry. But the past, we could not change.
As far as I knew, Marfa Semyonovna bitterly mourned the dog. She and her husband buried Little Wolf near the house where the dog used to live with its owner.
“Let him always guard his house,” the woman said then.
From her words I could hardly restrain my tears. But now I was faced with the task of delivering the letter of Little Wolf to Marfa Semyonovna. And one fact worried me. More precisely, two facts.
“Jack, Marfa Semyonovna has a dog, right?” I asked.
“Yes, a mixed breed dog, Tishka,” the German Shepherd spirit replied. “Do not worry, through our barrier he will not feel us.” 
“That's good,” with one question I got less. But there was another: “But what about Marfa Semyonovna? As far as I know, she has high blood pressure. Will not our appearance be a shock to her?” 
“Oh, don't worry!” Jack wagged his tail. “I’ll use a calming spell, a little illusion, and she will think that she’s just sleeping.” 
“That's good too,” I sighed in relief. I did not want to scare the old woman to death. And I turned to Jack:
“Then let's go?” 
“Yes, let's go,” he answered. “Now is just a good time. Her husband drove away by car to the nearest town. Still, in the truck store, the choice of goods is scarce. We have about an hour and a half before he returns. But we should not spend them in vain.” 
On that, Jack and I decided: to slowly get into the house and pass the letter. For obvious reasons, the house was closed from the inside to all the locks: Marfa Semyonovna’s husband knocked on the window upon arrival.
We had the magic of Jack. And he used it: the spirit of the German Shepherd opened all the locks, and going inside, I closed them, as if nothing had happened. Anyway, then, we will teleport back from home using the “return” button.
And so, we quietly passed from the kitchen to the main single room of the dwelling. It was a medium-sized room, with old furniture apparently made in the USSR. The furniture in the room contained a wardrobe, two beds on opposite walls, a sofa was located at the entrance, and a shelf glued with stickers from Barbie hung over it (the granddaughter of Marfa Semyonovna obviously tried as a child). Between the bed and the sofa on the wall stood an old cupboard. At the window there was a table with two chairs and an armchair. The chair now (and apparently not only now, but in principle often) was occupied by the dog Tishka.
The walls surprised me the most: they were wooden and painted, and between them was sticking out dry, the same painted moss. There was a large oven near one wall, closer to the entrance. Something was apparently stored from the oven to the entrance, because the space was hidden by a thick yellow curtain.
I did not see the entrance to the second floor. As I heard from Freyja, this should not be surprising. In many Russian old village houses, the second floor was used exclusively as an attic. And if you need to get in there, then people put the stairs on the street, and opened the window right outside.
In the room we saw Marfa Semyonovna reading a book, sitting on the bed, standing on the same wall as the oven. She was an old woman with glasses and a colored tracksuit. I had already noticed other local older women outside, outside the home, while we were talking with Jack. They were all dressed in a similar way: in old tracksuits or T-shirts and simple pants. Some women also had glasses, and some still had hats or panama hats on their heads. Not only to protect the head from the sun, but also to protect against possible ticks, which sometimes hid in the foliage of trees, fell down and got tangled in the hair. Ticks are extremely dangerous, therefore, it is better to take additional safety measures against them.
In the city, these women dressed, of course, in a different way. And in the village they wore old clothes. Indeed, many had gardens, and in the garden, as everyone knows, working in beautiful clothes is inconvenient. Therefore, they dressed as practical. Although everyone, even local women living in the village all year, certainly had a suit or dress for a trip to the city. And usually there were a few such clothes.
Suddenly, I noticed a goat who jumped near the fence of Martha Semyonovna through a side window.
“So still, Marfa Semyonovna lives here all year?” I asked Jack, pointing to the goat.
“Oh no, this is her neighbor’s animal,” the dog replied. “Marfa Semyonovna is leaving with her husband for the winter to her apartment in one of the cities nearby. But they spend the rest of the year here; they like the air more. And their dog Tishka is delighted. But the neighbor, Marfa Semyonovna, lives here for a year. She has a goat and several goats. I think goats graze somewhere off to the side. She also has chickens.” 
“Jack, and how only do you know so much?” I was surprised.
“I additionally look at the information in the reports about the people around the recipient of the letter!” answered the dog.
“Why don’t they show me?” 
“Because I am your partner, and it is my duty.” 
“I see...” I held out thoughtfully.
Jack and I embarrassedly walked around Marfa Semyonovna. She did not see and did not hear us. Her dog, a mixed breed of husky and terrier Tishka, also did not notice us, and was sleeping peacefully in an armchair. It was a cute big dog. His head was dark brown, with a white spot on his forehead, the hair on his body was white, with a dark spot on his back, and the tail was a long...
... Finally, I said:
“Jack, can you use any soothing charms, as then, in the case of Yue?” I asked.
“Of course,” he answered.
The German Shepherd’s spirit whispered something, and then said:
“Everything is okay! You can click the “appear” button!” 
So I did. I pressed the desired button, and the golden bubble that surrounded us gradually disappeared.
Seeing us who appeared literally from the air, Marfa Semyonovna rounded her eyes and set the book aside.
“So my death has come,” she said in dismay. “Only I thought she looked different: with a scythe and in a black cloak.” 
I did not expect such a reaction... And therefore I rushed to reassure the woman with the words:
“No! We are not death at all! We are from the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department! You got a letter from Little Wolf!” 
“Little Wolf?” Marfa Semyonovna asked at once in surprise and sadness.
While we were talking, her dog, Tishka, looked at Jack and me with wide, amazed eyes for a while. Apparently, he was also not young, and for his life, he did not have to face the fact that people appear from the air. And now he was in genuine perplexity, but suddenly growled at us.
Fortunately, Jack took care of Tishka. He began to explain something to him with the help of dog sounds. This was the first time I had seen Jack communicate with other animals like this - before that I had not seen. But if he is the dog (even the spirit) it is logical after all, that he can communicate with dogs in “their language”? Although, as Jack and Freyja told me, the animals understand everything perfectly. And I myself did not doubt it.
But, probably, the spirit of the German Shepherd decided that now it will be better. Then I did not ask him about this: there were enough other things, and I forgot all the time. In any case, soon Tishka stopped growling and calmed down.
Meanwhile, I handed Marfa Semyonovna an envelope:
“This is a letter from Little Wolf. Read it please.” 
“Oh, Little Wolf...” in a trembling voice, but still holding back tears, the woman said.
After some doubts, she still took the envelope, took out a letter and began to read it.
Like others who received letters from pets from another world, her expression changed several times. Finally, Marfa Semyonovna read the message, and it flared up with a blue flame, burning without an ash.
“Little Wolf wrote that all this time he was waiting for his dead owner,” the woman burst into tears. “He saw the motionless owner take away the ambulance, and he said to Little Wolf: “Do not worry, I will definitely come”. Then he died in a hospital. And Little Wolf was waiting for him and waiting... As he wrote, it turned out that his owner was reborn on Earth. But Little Wolf himself chose to go to animal paradise... Oh, poor Little Wolf! Although he asked me not to be sad in the letter, I cannot do this! He thanks me for remembering him and constantly giving him something to eat. He is also grateful to the other villagers... But after all, feeding him is the least we could do for him! What else could we please him with?” 
Marfa Semyonovna burst into tears, despite Jack's soothing charms.
“Does her blood pressure not rise?” I asked.
“Do not worry, my spell works so that even if she cries, her health will not deteriorate,” the spirit of the German Shepherd replied.
But still, the woman's tears could not leave me indifferent, and I rushed to reassure Marfa Semyonovna. Finally, she stopped crying, drank some water and took a deep breath.
“You appeared before me from the air,” she said. “I've seen a lot in my life, and I understand that in such a remote village like this, unlikely to shoot shows with a hidden camera. Who are you really? And why is the dog talking?” 
“Ma'am, I am the spirit of the German Shepherd Jack, was born from the desires of the children to have a dog in the 20th century,” the dog replied.
“I'm Tina, working with the Otherworldly Delivery Service, Pet Affairs Department,” I said.
“Oh, is it really a hidden camera?” Marfa Semyonovna was surprised. “Eh, what is it? You can’t joke with such serious things!” 
“We are not joking, we really are not a hidden camera, but the Otherworldly Delivery Service!” for some reason I was embarrassed.
Marfa Semyonovna looked stern, and I felt extremely uncomfortable.
“Believe us, and accept the last words of Little Wolf,” Jack said. “We do not know what the letter says, for our work is only to deliver. However, the fact that our words and actions are true, I can prove.” 
Jack whispered something, and small multi-colored lights whirled around him at once.
“Oh, what a wonderful trick!” clapped her hands in Marfa Semyonovna. “Ok, I believe!” 
Suddenly, the woman’s gaze warmed for some reason. I realized: she believed in a letter from Little Wolf. And having read the message from the dog, she felt better.
“Then we have to go,” I said with a smile.
I pressed the air “return” button. Everything around was covered with golden light...

Chapter 6. Animal Abusers
Some time has passed since Jack and I visited the Russian village. And they delivered a letter to Marfa Semyonovna.
Suddenly, right at work, Elisa-Freyja called me into her office. She was in the form of the head of the shelter, but she looked very worried.
“Tina,” she told me, “we have an urgent business here.” 
“What happened?” I was worried. “Again, the animal was taken from the cruel owner?” 
“No, no, everything is calm in this town now,” the woman answered me. “But in another country, the group of animal abusers has been operating for some time. Usually, we do not intervene in the affairs of mortal people, because the animal abusers are usually caught by local authorities. But in this situation, they cannot be tracked.” 
“A group of animal abusers? Horrible!” I shuddered.
“This is real horror,” Freyja answered. “A group of three girls-schoolgirls finds animals from ads on the Internet: cats and small dogs, supposedly to pick them up for themselves. In fact, they kill animals, and then cut off their paws with secateurs.” 
It seemed to me that I misheard.
“What?” I repeated. “Do schoolgirls do such terrible things?” 
“Exactly,” Freyja Elisa answered bitterly in her voice. “And they cannot be caught. Each time, girls change their appearance with the help of clothes and wigs, which they buy supposedly for cosplay. They go online from various Internet cafes and contact the owners who want to give the animals away. It happens in a big city. Residents of the city in shock! Law enforcement too! Trying to find these girls, the police caught several other animal abusers, but in terms of the scale of atrocities, they are far from those girls. Therefore, I want you and Jack to track them down and report them to the local police.” 
“But how do we find them?” I was amazed.
“We are deities and spirits. And we know who these girls are,” followed the answer. “But we cannot intervene directly. So send you and Jack. For, as I have already said, the actions of those girls went beyond all limits.” 
Freyja-Elisa looked displeased and frowning. I wanted to ask something, but she continued:
“We will send you two to one of these girls, and you will follow her and her accomplices. “Tie” them with magic, and then call the police. I will give you a phone number. By the way, you can call from the magic mobile. Here is such a plan. And now you will receive a task marked “special”. Take it, and teleport to the right place. Of course, remember to read the details.” 
Freyja-Elisa had barely finished talking when I heard an SMS arriving on my magical mobile. This turned out to be the very task marked “special”.
With a shudder, I opened the phone and chose to accept the task.
From the mobile screen, the text looked at me: “Three minor animal abusers (hereinafter their names, but I will not list them) have killed twenty-nine animals at the moment: cats and small dogs. They torture animals, and when they die, they cut off their paws with secateurs. Corpses of animals are thrown into public places. Parents of girls do not suspect what they are doing. The goal of the task is to catch the animal abusers with magic, save the thirtieth animal that they are going to take, and call the local police.” 
Next was the police phone, and a description of what Freyja was telling me about the girls changing appearance. And there was a note in which city all this was happening.
“Twenty-nine dead animals?” I exclaimed. “And this city... Of course, I was not there, but I heard about it... It was considered relatively safe.” 
“Since it is a large city, it’s easier to get lost there,” Freyja sighed. “Well, I advise you to familiarize yourself with the details. Don’t worry, it’s designed so that you don’t see the most terrible shots. And there’s only the last story...” 
I flinched. Remembering Marfa Semyonovna, who cared for Little Wolf, and now faced with the story of the young animal abusers, I was amazed to the core.
With trembling hands, I clicked on the “read details” button. A golden ray, already familiar to me, burst from the phone, and everything around me changed.
I realized that I was standing in a busy street. Neat old buildings, flowers on the flower beds and painted fences. All in all, a pleasant impression of the city.
Nearby, I noticed three girls of about fifteen or sixteen years old: they were talking quietly. One girl was holding a special bag with a small frightened chihuahua.
All of them created the impression of completely ordinary schoolgirls. But this is only at first glance.
“This dog is already old,” said the girl holding a bag of chihuahua in her hands. “Well, come on, I think it will still be interesting...
“Let's go to our traditional place,” suggested the first with a bad smile.
“Yeah, I can’t wait,” the third girl supported, her eyes flashing bloodthirstily.
And the girls headed along the alleys to some abandoned construction site. Having reached their destination and looking back that no one was watching them, the young animal abusers took their weapons from their bags. One girl had simple scissors, the second had a sharp clerical knife, the third also had scissors and a pruner.
At the sight of it, everything inside me went cold. I realized what they were going to do with the small defenseless chihuahua. But alas, now I saw a scene of the past and could not stop them from doing anything.
The chihuahua also realized that something was going to happen right now. Dog scaredly tried to break out of her bag.
Fortunately, I did not see what happened next, for everything had disappeared, and I realized that I was again standing in Freyja-Elisa’s office.
She looked expressively at me. And she said:
“The gods have a number of rules, and according to some of them, we just cannot intervene in the affairs of mortals. But now, as you saw, it’s a special case.” 
“Yes,” I nodded.
I could not recover from what I saw.
“Now you and Jack will go on a mission. Those animal abusers have already taken a new animal: this time the cat. Save the animal, bring he to our shelter. We will certainly find him a good house. And girls, as I said, tie,” Freyja's voice sounded very decisively.
“Yes,” I nodded again.
And she pressed the “teleport” button...
And so, I was already standing in the middle of an unfamiliar street. She was different from the one I saw before. I saw those girls. One of them was holding a special bag with a cat, the charming gray fur lump.
Next to me was Jack, and the usual golden bubble surrounded us.
Jack and I greeted each other and began to listen to the conversation of the young animal abusers. As we understood, they took the animal according to an ad on the Internet: the owner of the cat, an elderly woman died, and a dog already lived with her relatives. So they decided to do the best: “give the cat to the good new owners”. But without realizing it, they gave the cat the animal abusers.
Seeing the girls, I realized that I was very angry. And how can one be capable of such cruelty? I could not understand this. I could have talked on this subject for a long time, but my indignation and resentment would not have decreased. And the worst thing, I realized that I can’t change anything. There will always be those who will do harm to those who are weaker than them... And this is monstrous...
“Soon we will tie them, and will certainly save the cat,” meanwhile, Jack said.
“Yes, we must save him!” I answered, looking at the little fur lump in the bag at the animal abusers.
I was wondering what made the owners give this so charming cat. After all, he looked no more than a year old.
“Why did they give the cat away? He did not make friends with the dog?” I asked Jack.
“No, the reason is different... The boy from that family suddenly got allergic to cats, although he is not allergic to the dog,” Jack answered. “None of the relatives could take the animal, so they posted an ad on the Internet. One of the girls called them from a public telephone. Girls always called the owners of animals from public telephones. And from different areas. This also complicates their capture. So, one of the girls called that family and said she wanted to get the cat. She said an older age than actually. She said that she was actually eighteen years old so as not to cause unnecessary questions. She introduced herself as a university student, wearing a strict wig and appropriate clothing. And those people did not suspect anything. Then, she changed into her usual clothes in a public toilet, and met with friends, in the very place where we are now standing. I think they will begin their actions soon.” 
And so it turned out. One of the girls said:
“Come on already, or what? Somehow we lingered here.” 
“I fully support,” the second nodded. “There is also an abandoned construction site nearby.” 
“Come on already,” the third waved her hand. “I'm tired of waiting. And from this I have fun.” 
“Me too,” two other girls supported her with one voice.
“Such a delight to feel omnipotent,” one girl smiled.
“And be aware of their own impunity,” added the second.
Listening to their conversation was unbearable. From the words of these girls, I felt bad. But I already saw in the “details” what they can do...
Meanwhile, the girls went somewhere. Jack and I followed them.
We walked along the old side streets to some unfinished low-rise building on the outskirts of the city center. As Jack told me along the way, the city administration decided to build a building in a historical style so as not to spoil the general view of the city. But the construction company temporarily ran out of necessary finances, and construction has so far been stopped.
... We reached the place of the alleged “action”. The girls were convinced that there was nobody around, and threw the bag with the cat on one of the building blocks. Then they began to get out their “tools” for killing the animal.
Jack and I looked at each other:
“I'll do everything, take off our invisibility,” said the spirit of German Shepherd.
I pressed the “appear” button on the magic phone. The golden bubble around us has disappeared. Before the schoolgirls understood anything, Jack whispered something. After that, the legs and arms of the animal abusers tied strong ropes.
“What's happening? What the hell is this? Who is this girl with the dog?” they cursed, not understanding what was happening.
I went to the bag with the cat and took it in my hands: the animal inside did not have time to suffer. Then I called the local police number Freyja gave me and anonymously told them about the animal abusers. When asked what address they are at, Jack helped me a lot with his prompts: sometimes it seemed to me that he knew everything in the world.
Thus, having tied the animal abusers, and waiting for the sound of police sirens to approach, I pressed the “return” air button. And I immediately found myself in Freyja-Elisa’s office.
“Congratulations on a successful task!” she said. “Tina, I watched you and Jack in a magic mirror.” 
The goddess pointed to the mirror on her desk.
“So is it magical?” I was amazed. “I never would have thought! By the way, where is Jack? Always wanted to ask, where does he go after each of our tasks?” 
“Sent to the Kingdom of Spirits and reported to my deputy, Valkyrie Brunhild. Although deities can do several things at the same time, we still cannot do without assistants.” 
“Valkyrie Brunhild?” I asked bewilderedly.
Suddenly, I remembered how I read in a book on Scandinavian mythology that Freyja was sometimes the leader of the Valkyries in myths.
“Oh, I see,” I finally answered.
After that, I looked at the bag with the cat.
“What to do with the pet?” I asked.
“I'm sure everything will be fine,” Freyja answered. “Take him to our veterinarian for a medical examination, say that the cat was anonymously left at our shelter. But before that, take a look at this.” 
The goddess pointed to her mirror. I looked with interest and saw how the police detained young animal abusers.
“You can watch the news on the Internet in the evening: there will probably be interesting details,” Freyja smiled. “I’m sure these girls admit everything themselves when questioned by the police. Such people are only strong before those who are weaker than them. It is unlikely that news sources in your country will write about them, but you will definitely find something on the portals of the country of young animal abusers. You can translate a search query using an online translator. And since you have the magic mobile phone, you can read foreign texts. This way you can easily read the news content.” 
“Hm, not a bad idea,” I nodded. “I certainly read how this case ended.” 
I looked at the cat again. The animal already felt safe. Before that, the cat was trembling.
“Well, little cat, let's take you to the vet for examination,” I told him.
He meowed back.
***
After the story with the animal abusers, two days passed. The vet examined the cat I brought: everything was in order with the animal. Soon, the cat was taken by a wonderful family with children: a charming girl and a boy. Both Freyja and I were sure that everything would be fine with the animal.
As for those animal abusers, I found news about them on the Internet. After they were seized by the police and interrogated, the girls admitted everything. Nobody believed in their words about the suddenly appeared “girl with a German Shepherd who simply disappeared, taking the cat”. And now, the girls were facing a court, and then a term in a young offenders' institution.
In any case, it was terrible. What is terrible is that people are capable of such things. We hurt each other and other living things. But aren't living beings born to live free from pain?
No, of course, in nature predators eat other animals. But it is a matter of survival.
However, people often does not kill for food. The killing of animals (for example, hunting for entertainment, poaching or animal abusers) in people is driven by the desire for profit, excitement or some kind of perverse pleasure. There may be other reasons.
As for the murder of human by human, there are perhaps more reasons. Starting from domestic reasons, revenge, and ending with cruel pleasure.
I am not very inclined to reflection and philosophy. But one thing is certain for sure: some living things should not kill others and hurt them just like that, for fun. Especially when it comes to human: animals do not always understand when it can attack, and when not. But animals are unlikely to attack others for fun.
Those animal abusers left an extremely unpleasant aftertaste in my soul. But, alas, I understand that there are enough such people on earth, in the most different corners of our planet, in different countries. And if I continue to engage in the delivery of letters from the Other World, for sure, I still have to meet with such people.
However, as Freyja told me, after the good family took the rescued cat, the girls simply won’t get out of the young offenders' institution.
“Tina,” said the goddess, “there is such a thing as the “Court of the Gods”. It is for all people, and on this court everyone is equal. At the court there are deities and divine representatives of all faiths. Indeed, in the world of gods, in contrast to the world of people, there are no wars. They judge everyone, regardless of age and social status during life. And for the intentional killing of a living creature, no matter whether it is an animal or a human, the punishment is severe.” 
“What?” I asked.
“Torment in hell, the term of which is determined at the Court of the Gods. After which, after serving the necessary period, the soul goes to rebirth. And how the soul will live its new life depends only on it. After the end of the new earthly path of the soul, there will be another Court of the Gods. And what decision will be made there, again depends only on that soul, on its new lived life.” 
I think I realized what Freyja wanted to say. She probably meant that no matter how hopeless a human was during lifetime; a person is given a chance to be cleansed of hell from sins. And then a person has the ability to be reborn in order to live a new life. Although, I do not know much about these things, therefore, perhaps, Freyja meant something else...

Chapter 7. One Amazing Dream
After the case of the animal abusers, some time has passed. During this time, I completed several more tasks.
At first I had to deliver a letter from an elephant to his mahout. Probably need to say who the mahouts are. These are elephant riders, trainers, or keepers, an honorable profession, but now, as far as I know, it is becoming less common.
That elephant whose letter I delivered lived in a herd on the outskirts of New Delhi. When I chose to “read the details”, I saw a place with poor houses.
Not far from that place elephants grazed. It immediately became clear that they were someone else: next to the herd there was a poster with the inscription “Elephants” and a phone number. Apparently, it belonged to the owners of animals.
Later I found out that the herd had two owners. It just so happened when sharing the inheritance between two brothers. And I also learned that in the herd the owners preferred to keep the females.
For each elephant, a mahout was responsible. Mahouts often joked that their elephants loved to eat sugarcane. Mountain of sugarcane! But sugarcane elephants ate in the winter, and in the summer they ate fresh grass. Sometimes a special mix of millet with sesame oil and cane sugar was prepared for elephants.
Often this herd of elephants participated in festivals, weddings, as well as tourists interacted with them.
Before going to work at the festivals, the skin of animals was prepared in order to be painted in a special way. After all, makeup for the elephants is very important - for the festivals their skins were covered with fancy colorful patterns. All the coloring took two to three hours. Patterns, mostly preferred traditional, but sometimes there were new trends. I read about the makeup of elephants later, on the Internet, because when I saw this scene in “read the details”, it interested me.
I saw many scenes from the life of that mahout, to whom I had to deliver a letter from the elephant.
He came to work with the owner of the herd at a young age, and worked with one of the elephants for fifteen years. In their life, there were enough touching, and funny, and sad moments. I saw a lot in “read the details”. It was a truly touching friendship between man and elephant. But the elephant died of old age, and her mahout really grieved for her, although he was instructed to take care of the new elephant. This elephant was also a female. And the mahout diligently tried to carry out his duties, but still sad about the dead elephant...
When Jack and I appeared before him out of thin air, he was surprised, amazed, and even scared. The superstitious mahout mistook me and Jack for spirits (although, Jack, the truth, spirit). But he calmed down when he realized that we would not harm him. When I gave him a letter from the dead elephant, he read it. And then he involuntarily burst into tears...
After that I had one more task. This time not in India, but in France. One middle-aged man has a tortoise. More precisely, the large tortoise. But the man affectionately called his pet “little tortoise”.
Probably because the tortoise was the only pet of that person for many years. The tortoise was presented to him on his tenth birthday. And they lived together neither more nor less than thirty years.
In the “read the details”, I saw many touching scenes from their long life together. In particular, I was touched, as a ten-year-old boy, the owner of the tortoise read to his pet the tales of the Grimm brothers.
The tortoise listened to fairy tales, shaking her head with interest. As if she understood everything. More precisely, she really understood everything...
As a result, the habit of reading to your pet remained with the owner of that tortoise for life. In my opinion this is very touching.
The tortoise, having lived a thirty-year life, simply died of old age. It's sad, but I'm sure the tortoise lived happily with such an owner. Yes, and his wife and children also loved the pet.
Only now, when Jack and I arrived to deliver the message from tortoise to the man, he could not believe what was happening for a long time, and thought that we were cruelly joking with him. I had to apply a lot of persuasion, to voice all the details of the touching scenes between the owner and his pet from the “read the details”. And Jack used a lot of calming magic.
As a result, the man still took to read the letter. I have already seen this many times, but I’ll probably never get used to the storm of emotions a person experiences when reading a letter from deceased pet...
That man was no exception. He was lost to tears. As usual, I did not know what was said in the letter, because my duty is simply to deliver messages. But the man realized that we did not play him. On this task ended with him.
After some time, I got another task. This time I had to deliver a letter from the cat to his owners, a German pair of gays. Both men loved their pet very much.
When I watched “read the details”, I saw how they decided that it was better to move out of town to a personal home, because the pet would be better there.
They equipped the cat with a personal room. There were many, many special shelves to jump on them, scratching posts, cat houses and toys. The cat even had his own bed! I have never seen such a cute caring for the pet.
The owners were afraid to let the cat go out into the street: what if he runs away? And they walked him only on a leash. And also, under the window of the cat's room a tree grew. And the owners made their pet on this tree a house, to which a closed bridge led, from the window of the cat's room. And the cat often went to his house in the warm season, from where, through small glazed windows, he observed insects and birds.
But there was one problem: the bridge on the sides was not completely closed. It was closed exactly so that the cat did not fall down. Apparently the owners of the animal left the distance between the ceilings on the sides of the bridge so that it was ventilated. For the bridge was completely closed from above.
But cats, as everyone knows, are very curious. Even recalling Snowball, I can say that he showed a keen interest in everything new!
So that cat also showed interest in everything. And once he tried to get out through the side opening of the bridge. And... there was an incident. Namely: the cat is stuck.
The unfortunate cat dangled from the bridge and meowed loudly. It is good that his owners were at home: they quickly organized a “rescue cat operation”. Fortunately, the pet was quickly pulled out.
They still had a lot of cute and funny moments in their lives. Among them there were also sad ones, several times the cat was sick and his owners took him to the veterinarian. Fortunately, the pet managed to get better.
The cat also died of old age, at the age of sixteen. The owners bitterly mourned their pet.
According to the rules, we can deliver a letter from the Other World only to one person, although, as I learned later, both owners of the cat were mentioned in the message...
I delivered the letter to one owner of the animal. He thought that I dreamed of him, but nevertheless he accepted the letter and read it. After reading, he told me that in the letter the cat mentioned both owners...
Then I got another task. This time I had to deliver a letter to an English police woman from her dog.
The policewoman officer had a dog. Together they performed various operations to capture criminals. This policewoman lived and worked with this dog for a long time, as much as fifteen years. During this time, they shared both sorrows and joys. But the dog grew old and died. The policewoman was very sad about her pet.
When I delivered her a letter, she took everything for a cruel joke. Jack and I had to put a lot of effort into believing us and reading a letter.
But when she read the message from her dog, like others, her heart trembled. Her expression took on a variety of expressions. When the woman finished reading the letter, she said that she did not know whether Jack and I had a dream or not. But she is happy that she read the letter...
And so, after the task with the delivery of the letter to the police, two days passed. So far I have not received any new tasks, but this did not surprise me: delivery orders could be sent once a week.
However, something amazing happened. That evening, after work, I surfed the Internet. I like to watch videos online, different videos with animals. I like to read interesting blogs about nature and the latest news. And sometimes, I find something interesting.
That evening, I found a fairy tale about the ancient Egyptian Cinderella, Rhodopis. Here is what I read:
“This story happened in ancient times, on the lands of ancient Egypt. Where the Nile River carries its waters into the Mediterranean Sea, there lived a girl named Rhodopis.
Although the Rhodopis lived in Egypt, she herself was born in distant Greece. But once, evil pirates abducted her, brought her to Egypt and sold her into slavery...
The owner of the Rhodopis was a kind old man. Most of his time, he was engaged in his favorite pastime: dozing under the shade of a shady tree.
The old man had two daughters. And when their father was half asleep, the girls in every possible way teased the Rhodopis and taunted her.
“Phew, what a strange color your eyes are!” they said. “We and everyone have brown eyes, and you have green ones!” 
Or:
“What strange hair you have! Everyone around you has straight and black hair, and you’re golden and curly! And your skin is paler than others! You are very strange!” 
Rhodopis only sighed. Of course, she was outwardly different from the inhabitants of Egypt: after all, she was born in distant Greece.
But the owner’s daughters not only laughed at the appearance of the slave. They also often shouted at her and made her work hard and hard. Girls often ordered the Rhodopis:
“Go to the river and wash our clothes! And then fix our dresses! And drive the geese out of the garden! And, of course, don’t forget to bake bread!” 
The Rhodopis carried out all the orders meekly. And when she finished, she passed the time surrounded by animals. For she had no other friends. The girl got along well with animals. Rhodopis tamed the birds to peck grain from her hands, and the little monkey to sit on her shoulder. The girl even carried fresh grass to the old hippopotamus on the banks of the Nile.
In the evenings, when the slave finally finished work, regardless of fatigue, she would certainly go to the river in order to chat with her animal friends. She danced and sang for them.
And so, one fine evening, when the Rhodopis was dancing and singing for her animal friends as always, her old owner woke up and decided to take a walk along the Nile. The old man sincerely admired the slave dance. And he said:
“A talented dancer like you shouldn’t walk barefoot without shoes!” 
And the next day he ordered a special pair of sandals for the Rhodopis. They were made of expensive gilded leather. And they looked very elegant.
Rhodopis was very happy with such a gift, because so far she had to walk barefoot. But then the owner’s daughters disliked her even more, because the slave had such lovely shoes. And they began to give the girl orders and work more than ever.
Some time has passed. And so, in the city in which the Rhodopis and her owner lived with their daughters, the festival began. Oh, that was truly gorgeous! There were dancing and singing at the festival. And on the streets are various trading stalls selling sweets, dresses, shoes and jewelry. How Rhodopis wanted to go to this festival with the daughters of the owner! But they ordered the slave to do a lot of chores, and ordered to complete all the work of the case before they returned.
After which the owner’s daughters put on the most expensive clothes, showed off in front of the Rhodopis and left.
And the sad Rhodopis, realizing that she could not go to the festival, set to work.
And so, the girl went to the river to wash clothes. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a wave arose and drenched the girl from head to toe. And then bad luck! Water wet and gilded sandals of Rhodopis!
The girl quickly wiped them and put them in the sun, so that they would dry out. The slave herself continued to wash. And then a falcon appeared in the sky. Alas, the girl saw the bird too late: when the falcon, with its beak, picked up one of her gilded sandal and flew away.
Rhodopis trembled with fear and said:
“Ah, I feel that it wasn’t a simple falcon! And the sun god Horus, the patron of the pharaohs, took the form of a bird! But why did he need my sandal?” 
The girl was surprised, but decided that the simple person could not comprehend the intentions of the Egyptian deities.
In the meantime, in the city of Memphis, the Pharaoh sat on a throne in the middle of the square and examined court cases. He was bored, for court cases had long turned into a disgusting routine. Pharaoh reflected: “I would like to race in my chariot through the desert! To let the wind whistle around! But nothing can be done, I have to fulfill my duties …” 
Suddenly Pharaoh noticed a falcon flying in the sky. The bird, which, it was believed, the god Horus himself could turn into, suddenly flew down. And falcon dropped a gilded women's sandal on Pharaoh’s lap.
“What a wonder? The falcon brought me the gilded sandal!” the ruler of Egypt was amazed. And suddenly it dawned on him: “Surely, this is a sign from Horus! Ah, what a beautiful, graceful sandal! Surely, its owner is very beautiful woman!” 
And on the same day, the Pharaoh issued a decree: to find the owner of a gilded sandal. And that girl, to whom the sandal will suit, will become the wife of the Pharaoh and the Queen of Egypt.
The servants of the Pharaoh began to obey his order and many beautiful girls tried to try on a gilded sandal. But sandal did not suit anyone.
Finally, it was the turn to try on the sandal to the daughters of the owner of the Rhodopis. But she did not fit them either. On the other hand, the sandal fit to Rhodopis. And the servants of Pharaoh understood: she is the owner of the sandal. And the future Queen of all of Egypt.
She was escorted with honors to the royal palace. And Pharaoh, barely seeing a beautiful girl, immediately fell in love with her. Pharaoh and Rhodopis married. And the Greek girl became Queen of Egypt... "
The story seemed interesting to me, especially the moment about the sandal. It is interesting how the sandal “transformed” into a class slipper, and the Rhodopis in later versions of the tale turned into the well-known tale of Cinderella.
... A little more surfing the Internet, I went to bed. And I had an unusual dream. It’s like I’m the Rhodopis, and I wet my gilded sandals when I washed in the river. And now, a falcon stole one sandal from me!
But unlike a fairy tale, in my dream, the falcon did not fly away, but flew onto a branch of the nearest tree.
“Please give me back your sandal,” I told falcon.
But as soon as I got closer, the falcon flew to another branch, as if to say: follow me. Realizing that this is a dream, I decided to follow the bird.
The more I followed the falcon, the thicker the forest became, and now, I realized that I was at the entrance to a certain cave. The bird flew inside, and I followed its again, naively believing that it was just a strange dream.
When I followed the falcon into the cave, I saw that the river begins there. It divided the dungeon into two banks. At the same time, I realized that I was no longer in the dress of a girl from ancient Egypt, but in my usual clothes.
“What's happening? Is this a simple dream?” I began to worry.
The falcon made an approving sound, and then I noticed that he no longer had sandals in his beak. But apparently he still wanted me to follow him.
“Well, I will follow you,” I answered. And I added: “I hope this is still a simple dream...” 
The falcon flew ahead, and I followed him. We continued our journey through the dungeon for quite some time. But at the same time, oddly enough, despite the lack of obvious light sources, the dungeon was quite light. I even saw all the roughness on the stones.
I don’t know exactly how long we were going, when something amazing happened. Ahead, as if out of thin air, a figure appeared. And the falcon flew up to this figure.
Stepping closer, I noticed that this is Freyja.
“Hello, Tina,” she said. “You will have a special task today.” 
“So it's still not a simple dream?” just in case, I asked.
Suddenly, another amazing event happened. The falcon was illuminated by a golden light, and soon a man with the head of a falcon stood in front of me.
When I saw him, I widened my eyes in amazement, and Freyja calmly answered:
“Tina, this is Horus. He was the deity of heaven and sun in ancient Egypt.” 
“Nice to meet you,” answered Horus. “The times of ancient Egypt have passed; therefore, I am work in the Pet Affairs Department. I accompany the jurors and witnesses to the Court of the Gods, which is held on those who mistreated animals.” 
“Court of the Gods?” I asked again.
A lot of thoughts immediately appeared in my head, up to those that I died in a dream, and now they will judge me for having acted wrongly with some animal. “Perhaps this is because in childhood I pulled Pie on the tail several times!” I thought. “How do I repent of this!” 
As if reading my thoughts, Freyja said:
“Tina, the fact that you pulled Pie on the tail several times as a child is not considered a serious offense if you are worried about this. At least in the Court of the Gods, this is not considered in court cases. The reason we called you is different: you’ll become a jury on one of the courts in the case of the animal abuser.” 
For several moments I tried to comprehend what I heard. Finally, I said:
“Well, just please explain to me what I should do.” 

Chapter 8. The Court of the Gods
Frankly, in law I understand little. The court I saw only on TV, in various movies or TV shows. And how the Court of the Gods takes place in the Other World I do not even know.
However, I still know what the jurors is doing. So, the jurors are a special institution of the judicial system, which consists of a panel of jurors. Which, in turn, were choosed according to the method of random sampling only for this case and decisive issues of fact, as well as one professional judge.
The jurors usually reviews criminal cases of serious crimes in the first instance. In some countries, jurors can only decide unanimously. In other countries, they can decide by a majority vote. In a number of other countries, jurors make recommendations on capital punishment or on mitigating circumstances. But in this case, the question of choosing a measure of punishment is always decided only by the judge.
England is considered the birthplace of the jurors. At first, the criminal process was very simple. But gradually everything acquired modern features...
I remember all this I read in a textbook on the study of the basics of law in college. True, on this, my knowledge of the judicial proceedings ended. And Freyja’s message still led me into a stupor, even though I said that I would do everything if the situation was explained to me.
Freyja exchanged a glance with Horus and said:
“Tina, it must be, for you it is unexpected. Therefore, let me tell you everything in order.” 
The goddess cleared her throat and said:
“The Court of the Gods is not carried out on every dead person. In order to understand whether court is necessary, the soul of a person is weighed on special spiritual scales: a soul is placed on one bowl, and a feather or other symbol of the deity to which one belongs to the faith, is placed on the other bowl. If the scales are balanced, then the soul has not committed serious sins. And the soul goes to the next Department, where the deity or the representative of the cult of that person decides: whether the person will go to paradise or go to rebirth. Sometimes, people are given the right to choose: whether they are reborn again on Earth or go to paradise. It happens to animals in a similar way, with the only difference being that their souls do not go to the Court of the Gods and do not go to hell. Still, animals live, more subject to instincts, therefore it is difficult to blame them for sins. Sometimes, however, if the animal was very bad during life, it is not sent to paradise and does not give the right to choose: reborn or rest in paradise. And just send reborn. And vice versa: if the animal was very good, it is given the right to choose: go to paradise or be reborn, sometimes even as a person.” 
The goddess fell silent. Horus spoke:
“Now there will be the court of the animal abuser. He tortured homeless and wild animals, and so carefully hid the traces that his crimes were not even known to the general public. This animal abuser, Tina, from your hometown. And you have already met him in the past. Therefore, you were chosen as one of the jurors.” 
“I know him? But who is he?” I was amazed.
“You will recognize him when you see him in court,” Horus answered.
“And what did he die from?” I asked.
“He used drugs, and in the end he had an overdose,” Freyja answered.
“But why didn't you do anything before if you interfered in the recent animal abusers schoolgirls case?” I asked a reasonable question.
“You will not believe it, but on his hands there are fewer victims than those girls,” the goddess sighed. “In addition, we knew that he had little left to live.” 
I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly to calm down. I had no idea who this man could be. I could not believe that I personally knew the animal abuser. And that left an unpleasant aftertaste in my soul.
Freyja, meanwhile, continued:
“Since the main sin of that person is related to crimes against animals, I will be the judge in this case, as the chairperson of the Pet Affairs Department. However, there will also be representatives of other faiths, as independent observers. The defendant’s lawyer will be his guardian angel, since the animal abuser was born in a Christian family and, despite his atrocities, referred to himself as followers of this religion.
Apart from you, other members of the Pet Affairs Department will also gather as jurors. Including Jack. There will be twelve in all.” 
The witnesses will be the last two victims of this animal abuser: a cat and a dog. They have not yet gone to animal paradise, since we asked them to testify in court. There will also be a third witness: we called him in a dream, and temporarily revealed his memories of a past life. Now this witness is a dog, although in a previous life he was a cat. Tina, you know him well: it’s Snowball, which was reborn into your dog Pouf.” 
It seemed to me that I misheard. Therefore, I asked again:
“So Snowball... became Pouf? Why haven’t you told me before?” 
I could not believe it. I was overwhelmed with excitement, but at the same time I was glad that Pouf was Snowball.
“Usually we don’t talk about it for ethical reasons,” Freyja answered. “But here is a special case: in any case, you will see Pouf, and you will understand that he was Snowball.” 
As soon as the goddess finished it, it suddenly dawned on me.
“So this animal abuser... Is it really that high school student from whom I once saved Snowball?” 
Freyja nodded.
“That's right... True, when you saved Snowball from him, he was not yet an animal abuser: he began to kill several years ago. But as I said, we knew that he could not live long. Alas, just like that, we cannot interfere in the affairs of the mortal world.” 
Nevertheless, I was perplexed: why the deities just cannot interfere in the world of people? If they are worried, how would they improve the standard of living of people, and they have no conflicts among themselves, where did this rule come from? Maybe all because of some kind of world balance, like in some kind of fantasy? Quite possible…
“And by the way, about Pouf,” the goddess added. “The Court of the Gods will seem to him just a dream. When he wakes up tomorrow, he will not really remember anything, and will again forget his past life when he was Snowball.” 
I nodded, for I expected to hear something like that. Freyja, on the other hand, told me what the duties of the jury at the court in the Other World are directly related to.
As mentioned earlier, Freyja will be the judge in this case. In addition to it, twelve jurors will participate. And the jurors, independently, without the participation of a judge, decided the issue of guilt or innocence of the defendant.
When the time came, the jurors retired to a special room to pronounce their verdict. After that, they returned to the courtroom and announced the verdict.
In the event that the jurors during the discussion of the case, within three hours could not reach a unanimous decision, then it was adopted by voting.
The guilty verdict was considered accepted if the majority of the jurors voted for it. The acquittal was considered accepted if the majority of the jurors also voted for it...
Soon, Freyja and Horus led me to the place of the court. It turned out that the court was to take place in the middle of a wide bridge thrown across the river. The jurors' bench was closer to the bank of the river on which I was now. As Freyja explained to me, I should not cross over to the other side of the bridge - there is the world of the dead. And if I go to the other side, I will die in the world of the living: my soul will separate from the body.
Freyja also explained that although there is only one bridge, numerous different lawsuits are simultaneously taking place on it, each in its own subspace. In this way, delays in court proceedings were avoided. And one court did not interfere with another...
What happened afterwards, I do not remember well. Still, what was happening was primarily a dream for me.
But in general terms, I remember that the court took place. Representatives of various faiths gathered there as observers. Then, first witnesses appeared, including Pouf. He was in the shape of the dog, but talked about the fact that he remembered his past life as the cat, and talked about how I saved him from a future animal abuser.
Animals killed by the animal abuser were also witnesses. Perhaps I didn’t remember the details for another reason: for me, what was happening turned out to be too cruel. For those animals told all the details of their death. This is blurred from my memory...
The animal abuser himself was a young man. Despite the fact that many years passed, I still recognized him. This is true, it turned out to be the same person from whom I once saved Snowball. Although we were not closely acquainted, I felt sad that he had turned into the animal abuser and the drug addict. But still, I felt greater sympathy for those unfortunate animals that he tortured, and then killed.
On the side of the animal abuser, his guardian angel acted as his lawyer. He said that the defendant’s predilection for animal cruelty began in childhood, after a moral trauma. The future animal abuser had a dog that was hit by a car. And the boy thought: why did his pet suffer, and not someone else's pet? Why are the animals of his friends alive, and his dog now resting in the grave? After that, he began to torture animals. At first he threw small stones at them, several times buried small cats and dogs in the ground (but they, like Snowball, were saved by passers-by). Gradually, the heart of this man became more and more stony. And in the end, he did become the drug addict and the animal abuser...
But no matter how much his guardian angel tried to protect the defendant, referring to moral trauma, it turned out to be useless.
As a result, the jurors, together with me, sentenced the animal abuser that he was guilty. And Freyja, as a judge, sentenced him to one hundred years of hell and the subsequent rebirth in a poor family.
And so Court of the Gods ended...
***
I woke up the next morning at home. Many details of the dream were forgotten, but later, Freyja-Elisa, when I asked her about it, told me that the court really was. And I was the jury on it.
“It's okay when people later forget some of the memories,” she said. “By the way, Pouf once again forgot his past life as Snowball, and again became the usual happy dog.” 
This is where our conversation ended. But I continued to work with Jack in the Otherworldly Delivery Service of the Pet Affairs Department. I think this is very important. And I hope that someday, people still learn not to hurt others: whether they are other people, or animals. After all, we are all living creatures, and just want to live happily. Alas, this is not always successful... But I will hope for the best. In the meantime, I will continue to try in the Delivery Service.
