



Text Copyright © 2021 L. R. W. Lee
All rights reserved.

Woodgate Publishing

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise—without written permission of the publisher. For informa­tion regarding permission, consult the website at www.lrwlee.com.

Chapter One




My muscles tensed in readiness as I pulled the strap through the last loop, and patted it, my leathers secure, then tossed my bronze-brown braid over a shoulder.
I’d charmed Hazlitt, one of the smithies, into giving me oil. He didn’t need to know I used it on the hinges of my armoire. I smiled as I opened the doors to no complaint, then ducked in, burrowing behind my hanging, navy robes, and grabbed the quiver and bow from the back corner along with the length of cloth I’d “forgotten” to return after polishing my blades.  
As with every healer, I possessed Wood and Terra affinities that allowed me to sense the presence of living things, along with the state of their health. 
Ducking back out, I sensed the hall with my magic. Sure enough, Barric, a Fire and Metal affinitied sorcerer, was faithfully executing his duties, like always. His breathing told me he was drowsy, no doubt ready to be done with his night shift. 
I wished he wasn’t so dependable; it would have made things easier. That said, it wasn’t his fault he’d been assigned as my personal guard when I started my apprenticeship as an inquisitor—the empire’s investigators of all things covert or public—the sun after I turned sixteen, two annums before. 
I’d hoped moving from the royal suites into a small, sparse apprentice’s room would grant me more freedom—that is, no armed shadow, but alas, no. And despite arguing about it until Mother, Father, and I were purple, I’d taken matters of freedom into my own hands. 
I’d protect Barric like always, making sure to be back before anyone missed me. Today, being my day off, it would be a while, not that my guard knew about my covert excursions until afterward anyway. No, my exploits only came forth when I gave him my kill for he and his young family to enjoy. He always gave me not a little grief, but never squealed. I called his silence “mutually beneficial,” because he didn’t get in trouble and I moved about without “protection.” Come on, we hadn’t seen threats of any sort in annums. 
I considered my adventures, “practice.” 
The arrows’ fletchings rustled against each other as I placed the quiver on my cot that lined the wall opposite, then laid my bow down on the braided rug that kept the wood floor a few degrees warmer when the snows flew.
I dug in the quiver and pulled out the bowstring, then stuffed the polishing cloth down in so none of the feathers so much as sighed when stealth was most critical. Pocketing the bowstring in my leathers, I slipped on my boots. 
Barric believed I was a spider, somehow scaling the castle’s vertical wall to make my escape—for my part, I did what I could to encourage his belief. I grinned as I cracked one of the two windows. Little did he know my methods were far less daring, but it was fun to keep him guessing. 
While I complained about constantly being watched, being a princess did have a few advantages. In this case, it had landed me in a corner room at the end of the top floor of the Inquisitor’s wing. I had a better view than most, of both the city as well as hill country, and I’d quickly discovered one other advantage.
I put my shoulder to the armoire that stretched floor to ceiling and eased the side nearest the corner, away from the wall, on glides I’d slipped on its feet. Part of the access panel came into view, then more and more until the wardrobe fully cleared the rectangular door in the ceiling. 
Using the unfinished holds I’d added to the far side of the closet, I scaled its height. A gentle push was all it took to slide the panel in the ceiling up and back. 
I came back down, shouldered the quiver, and grabbed my bow, putting it through the hole first, then pulled myself up into the space between the sloping roof and ceiling. 
Through the window down the wall to my right, the sky pinked as I listened. All was quiet, so I turned back to the hole and tugged on the rope that I’d attached to the front corner of the top of the wardrobe and pulled it back in place, then replaced the panel.
I grinned; to Barric I’d vanished without a trace.
Snatching up my bow, I made my way to the right, along board-covered rafters, past the window, to the circular stairwell on the far side, then paused long enough to sense the winding space with my magic. 
I detected no one about, so I slid that access panel aside and with the aid of the spiraling, metal handrail mounted halfway down the wall, my feet quickly found solid footing on the top step. 
I was down the three flights of stairs in no time, but before me now lay the greater challenge, getting through the gatehouse—which the stables occupied the bottom floor of—and portcullis, without detection. 
“Practice” indeed. 
The smell of leather tack, fresh forage, and clean horses filled my nose even before I peeked around the doorway. Manning, Chilton, and Kipling, young grooms, were joking as they delivered fresh hay and oats as well as water to their charges. It looked like they’d started at the farthest end of the box stalls lining the full length of both sides of the stables, this morning, and were working their way this direction. 
I needed to move before they got too close, at all times exercising stealth.
But my nose had other plans threatening to betray me with a building sneeze. It wasn’t a wonder with all the dust the grooms stirred up. I pinched my nose and breathed through my mouth until the feeling eased.
The sun had nearly risen judging by the spray of brilliant pinks and oranges through the windows near the roofline that spanned the length of one side. What wasn’t bathed in morning light was shrouded in darkness and provided just the cover I sought.
But I beat back optimism that it might be easier than anticipated to get clear this morn with all the grooms’ busyness. Overconfidence would get an inquisitor spotted at the least, or killed, at worst. In my case, being spotted meant the possibility of Mother and Father hearing of my presence, either directly or in casual conversation, which couldn’t happen.
My objective, the portcullis, stood to the right through the barbican, halfway down. With the grooms hauling feed, the iron door would be raised. 
Clutching the bow in one hand, I crept forward on quiet feet, sticking to the shadows as much as possible. A couple of the horses who had their heads out, over the half door of their stall, spotted me and nickered a greeting as I slipped beneath them. A quick pat on the nose was all I offered for now; I’d bring goodies later. 
I’d made it halfway to my objective when Manning whirled around, toward me, and came running.
My heart raced until he stopped abruptly, across from the barbican and bowed.
“Good morning, Emperor. Would you like me to saddle Nightstorm for you?” 
My breathing labored. What was Father doing here?
His back to me, Father halted only briefly to pat the groom on the shoulder. “Thank you, Manning, but I’ll do it myself.”
“Will your guard be joining you?” The groom trailed after as Father strode for his raven palfrey, halfway down the stalls in the opposite direction.
“Yes, ready horses for Bryce, Fendrel, and Allard.” 
“Yes, Majesty.” 
I used the commotion of Chilton and Kipling joining Manning in the task to move as quickly as I dared the rest of the way down the box stalls, sticking to the shadows, until I reached the one across from the barbican. 
But footsteps approached, boots scuffing the stone of the courtyard to the left, along with voices I recognized. Allard and the others were nearly upon me.
What’s more, Manning lead a golden stallion from his stall by the reins. The other grooms wouldn’t be far behind.
Casting caution to the wind, I dashed across the aisleway and through the barbican, stopping only once I’d passed under the portcullis and around the corner outside, plastering myself against the castle wall, my breathing laboring.
But I couldn’t stay here. Father and his guard would come this way in heartbeats. 
On the wrong side of the castle’s entrance from where I needed to head, I peered back through the archway to see Nightstorm eyeing me. 
We’re friends remember, Nightstorm, don’t rat me out. 
I prayed the horse obeyed, not that he’d even heard my wish, as I dashed across to the other side, staying a handbreadth from the rough stone of the castle wall. 
Guards on watch on the battlements above wouldn’t see me as I sprinted along the base of the wall. Good thing because I had no time for stealth before Father rode out. 
I reached the round tower at the corner and followed its foot, ducking behind a clump of bushes. Only then did I pause to catch my breath. 
I hadn’t been elegant, much less finessed. I needed work. Colonel Merek, my master, would not be impressed. More practice, definitely, if I ever hoped to serve under Uncle Kennan who lead the Guard and Inquest.
Father’s voice rose in the spring air as they passed not long after. It seemed he was heading to pay Grandma Onora a visit at the royal burial grounds as was his custom, close to where I planned to hunt.
No time like the present, for more practice.

Chapter Two




Crisp spring air filled my nose as I moved with stealth between each and every tree, scaling the steep mountainside behind the castle. I’d let Father’s guard get out of hearing before starting pursuit, far enough that I no longer knew where they were.
My breathing labored, partly from the rigorous climb, partly from what would happen if Father’s guards discovered me. 
An inquisitor had to live on the harrowing edge between safety and stealth to accomplish a mission. Call me crazy, but the more I forced my body to experience such situations, the better.
I crested the ridge not long after and peeked out from behind a thick-trunked tree. 
Allard, a fire and air sorcerer, scanned the area just outside the rusted metal gate of the royal burial grounds. Without any affinities that would aid him in detecting me, I didn’t worry too much about him noticing me as I ducked back behind the tree and headed left. 
As I’d anticipated, I sensed the presence of a second guard around the back of the royal burial grounds. Fendrel, a Wood and Metal sorcerer, scanned the area atop his stallion whose ears pivoted, as focused as his rider. I spotted Bryce, a Terra and Ice sorcerer, not long after making a slow, but deliberate circuit around the perimeter. 
Too bad for Bryce and Fendrel that they couldn’t combine affinities—Fendrel’s Wood and Bryce’s Terra—because they’d have been after me in no time as close as I was to them.   
I’d accounted for all three guards, but I didn’t relax. I was an inquisitor, and we didn’t relax in the middle of an exercise, because that’s what this was. Let the training begin. 
I scuffed my boots.
Bryce’s stallion snorted, ears straight up, holding its head high, staring at me through the undergrowth. 
Without a word, Bryce trained his focus toward me through the trees. I ducked back behind the closest tree, then made a beeline for the next as quickly and quietly as I knew how. 
Four times Bryce nearly found me, four times I lost him.
“Sending us on a wild goose chase, Fleetfire?” Bryce said, stopping the horse not far away, sometime later. The stallion blew out a breath, clearly disagreeing with his rider, as Bryce patted his neck, then turned him back toward the burial grounds.
My heart slowed with the threat gone. I’d done not a half-bad job.
I hadn’t worried about where my “training” lead me, and as I looked about, this section of the forest was unfamiliar. I’d certainly never hunted here.
I dropped my quiver and stood the bow up against a trunk, then threw my braid over a shoulder as I scanned the area for moss on the trees. Thanks to spring’s new growth, I quickly spotted several trucks bearing the bright green lichens. 
Moss grew on the north side of trunks here in the capital, so I grabbed my gear and headed south, back toward home. 
I sensed the forest for life as I walked, because Barric still needed a reward for the trouble I brought to him; it was the least I could do. 
It wasn’t long before I sensed an opportunity not far away, on the smaller side, but it would allow me to easily carry it, however far it ended up being. 
I pulled the bowstring from my leathers and looped one end around a nock, then turned it upside down. I drew my leg between the wood and bowstring and pressed down, flexing the bow against my thigh until the string was taut, held fast in the other nock.
Stashing the cleaning cloth in my leathers, I reshouldered the quiver, then drew a single arrow and nocked it as I headed, on silent feet, toward the life I’d sensed. 
I spied a brown hare nibbling grass and weeds in the undergrowth not long after. While it behaved with a usual level of nervousness, stretching to take a nibble, then shrinking back as it chewed, the animal had not sensed me judging by its steady heartbeat. 
I positioned myself downwind before creeping to within striking distance, maybe ten men’s height away, then knelt. 
The limbs of scattered shrubs lining either side of my arrow’s flight path rose and dipped in a gusty breeze, but it was as clear a line as I’d get to my mark, the hare’s eye, the most humane target because striking it there would immediately kill the animal without pain or suffering.
I pulled the bowstring back, then drew in a breath and held it. 
Stretch, nibble, shift back, chew… I waited for the cycle to repeat itself twice, then let the arrow fly.
A gust lifted a leafy branch, brushing the arrow’s shaft as it passed. 
Damn.
A heartbeat later, the hare screamed as the arrow pierced its erect ears, and took off, the impaling shaft trailing behind. 
Pain and fear laced its signature, so pronounced I couldn’t help but sense it as I raced after. Blasted wind, I had to put the hare out of its misery. 
The animal bounded too close to a tree’s thick trunk in its haste and the shaft snagged and threw the hare sideways with its momentum. It scrambled up and continued bounding only to have it happen time and again. The only positive, its struggle allowed me to catch up to it. 
Its heart pounded wildly. I pitied the poor animal. I had no desire for it to suffer, but it clearly was.
I was nearly upon it as it started to slow. I readied another arrow to finish it off, when it darted right, between the woody stems of a thicket and vanished. 
I panted, catching my breath as I traced the hare’s wildly beating heart, but I spotted no way for me to follow as I scanned the dense bushes.
I couldn’t let it suffer, not like this. There had to be a way to get to it.
I traced the perimeter of the thicket toward where the creature paused to catch its breath; its still rapid heartbeat told me it knew I wasn’t far.
I rounded one of the bushes and spotted a narrow gap in the intertwined branches. My first break. No doubt I’d have missed it if the leaves had come out fully, but with buds just swelling in spring. It proved the opportunity I needed. 
The sharp ends of branches clawed at me, nearly snatching my bow and the arrow I now held from my grip, as I pressed through the distance of a man height and emerged… into the bare, dirt yard of what looked to be an old hunting cabin. 
My brow furrowed as I scanned the sloped, but rusted tin roof crowning the one-story structure with a generous unfinished-wood front porch. 
While curiosity pulled me forward, I stopped short. I had a task to finish first, a task not more than four men’s height away, as my Terra magic suggested.
I slowly nocked the arrow and pivoted, taking in the animal, nose twitching where it crouched as far under as it could squeeze beneath a bare bush’s branches. Blood colored the fur of its head from where my arrow still hung from the base of its ears. Damn gust of wind. 
My heart hurt for the hare. I would make things right. 
I drew the arrow back and let it fly.
It found the target I’d originally sought, and the creature’s heart ceased beating. 
“I’m sorry I caused you pain,” I said, as I knelt and drew my kill from its hiding place. A sharp branch scratched my face as I pulled back, but I deserved it. It was no doubt nature’s punishment for my cruelty.
I removed the two arrows from the creature, wiped them off with the cleaning cloth, then added them back to my quiver. The hare was a bit skinny from winter yet, but it would still make a good meal.
I lashed it to my quiver by its hind feet, then shouldering my arrows once more, I picked up my bow and let curiosity lead me toward the cabin, because sensing told me someone was within. Maybe they could tell me how far the castle was, and the quickest way there, because after pursuing the hare, I was even less sure where I was.
 The worn steps creaked as I mounted them, along with the boards of the porch when I crossed to the door from which pine-green paint pealed. I knocked, then turned as I waited.
Shrubs and bushes formed a wall around the whole of the front and sides of the cabin and explained why I hadn’t detected its presence sooner. The foliage hadn’t been tended in ages from the looks of things. 
Was the inhabitant aged and unable to maintain the property?
When no one had yet answered, I turned back and knocked again. 
The boards grumbled as I strode past the window to the left and over to the porch railing at the far end, while I waited. The thick shrubbery continued on around and behind the structure. 
When still no one answered, I rapped again, then strode to the other side of the porch finding things much the same. 
Who in the world lived here? And why were they not answering? The cabin wasn’t large; surely they’d heard me.  

Chapter Three





I wandered back to the worn front door and put my gear down, leaning my bow and hare-bearing quiver against the cabin, then closed my eyes and concentrated on the being I sensed within. 
I bit my lip. They weren’t far. Had something befallen them?
I hadn’t bothered to sense the state of the person’s health before, but I did now. 
Their heart raced. I furrowed my brow. And their temperature was cooler than average. I frowned because that was unusual in not a good way, considering their racing heart. Small mercy, I sensed no pain emanating from whoever it was. That had to be a good sign.
All the same, unease bit into me the longer I sensed them with my magic.
They needed help. I just hoped I was up to the challenge considering my healers training had been abbreviated in deference to an inquisitor apprenticeship.
I tried the door handle.
My brows raised when it opened without effort. 
“Hello, my name’s Onora. Are you hurt? Hello,” I called as I crossed the threshold.
Not a grunt, not a groan, nothing as I passed a smallish wood table to the left, against one wall of a modest living area. Braided rugs were scattered around in what looked to be an attempt at hominess, or perhaps it was just to keep the place warmer in the winter. 
I inhaled sharply as I rounded the corner, entering a small bedroom, and nearly tripped over a pair of muddy boots, attached to a pair of muscular, leathers-clad legs, hanging off the narrow bed at an angle, as if he’d flopped down and couldn’t be bothered to get himself fully in bed before succumbing to slumber. 
But more surprising, a pair of mud-splattered raven-color wings sprouted from this male’s back. They lay open and loose, so uncharacteristic of the sand beings I’d met, my immortal cousins in Dream Realm among them; to a one, they were very particular and protective of their wings. 
Mother told stories about losing her wings when she plunged through the dream canopy and became mortal to protect Father from… her father—I refused to call him Grandfather, knowing what he’d done to so many. 
If this male was from Dream, as it seemed, how was it possible he still possessed wings? And why had he passed out here? Things didn’t add up.
Beneath his disheveled wings, I spotted an equally soiled leather jacket, along with… a nicely muscled butt.
My face warmed despite the situation. Hey, a girl could appreciate.
I cleared my throat, refocusing on the male’s still-racing heart and cool temperature. 
I hadn’t sensed others, but might someone be tending him and have gone to fetch supplies? 
There’d been no evidence of much, if any, activity outside. I glanced back into the main room. A quick scan of the stained and ratty couch against the right wall and a makeshift kitchen—a short counter below two cupboards, beside a cold hearth—against the far wall, revealed nothing left in disarray. 
Looking back at the male, face down, I shook my head, no, there couldn’t be anyone else. No caretaker in their right mind would have left him flopped like that.
He was well and truly alone.
I couldn’t leave him like this.
I’d aided enough sick that I shouldn’t have felt ill at ease, but my insides quivered as I climbed over one large calf, then the other and stepped around the end of the bed. 
I placed my hands on my hips and surveyed the situation. 
How long had he been this way?
He had a bushy, overgrown black beard and mustache, pressed between his face and the taut blanket. Did he usually sport a beard? Had it just grown fuller? Or was this all new growth? 
But his ponytail was loose, very loose even, like he hadn’t adjusted it is ages.
That said, he wasn’t emaciated nor did his skin look dull, as would indicate a lack of water for an extended period.
The clues weren’t telling me anything conclusive. I needed to sense his mind before I’d know more. 
His wing fanned out to the wall blocking my path. While it felt invasive, I reached for the joint and pushed it back, the stiff feathers at the tip hissing against the blanket as I eased it aside, then squeezed between the bed and the wall. 
Although his heartbeat slowed a bit by the time I reached his head, it hadn’t resumed a normal rhythm by any means. 
I reached for his hand and frowned; it was like ice.
Hopefully this cabin had a spare blanket or two, somewhere.
I held my hands, palms open, a finger-breath above his head. 
As a healer, my Terra affinity also allowed me to perceive colors as I directed it toward someone’s mind. These colors would allow me to understand a being’s health, deep inside. Blues and greens indicated health and vitality, at the person’s core. Reds, oranges, and yellows indicated stimulation, which could mean infection, stress, or something else out of balance. 
I closed my eyes and concentrated on his mind. He was not conscious so his earlier rapid heartbeat might have been a nightmare, in which case, if he was healthy, the reds and oranges and yellows of that upset would soon shift back into greens, then blues, as his heart slowed to a normal pace, indicating he slumbered soundly once more. 
Somehow I doubted I’d be that lucky, not with his unusually cool temperature.
I willed my magic to well up in me, then directed it through my hands, pushing it through my fingertips, into his mind. Magic didn’t hurt, not Terra used this way, and he didn’t stir. I doubted he even knew I was here.
Reds, oranges, pinks, and yellows appeared to me a heartbeat later, making me sigh.
I’d never seen pink before, but the other colors were familiar and what I’d feared. 
This is where I wished Terra pinpointed the problem, but it never did; it just confirmed what I suspected, he was sick, and seemingly alone. 
But what was wrong with him?
My gaze ran over his neck, back, arms, the entirety of both wings, his butt and on down his legs, but I spotted no blood nor evidence that he’d bled at any point.
I needed to turn him over to check his front for wounds.
“Hey, sir.” I jiggled a shoulder. “Sir.”
No response, not that I’d expected one.
“I’m going to turn you over so I’m going to take off your boots.”
I spoke loudly, hoping it might wake him, but no.
“Ew. Your feet are nasty, sir.” Blisters and calluses marred the soles from the dirt and pebbles that spilled out on the wood floor when I turned each boot upside down.
I rolled my eyes. “Males.” He didn’t reply. 
I placed his footwear outside the door to the cramped bathroom, to the left.
“Okay, I’m going to try and turn you, without crunching your wings. You okay with that?”
No response. 
“Great, yeah I think it’ll be more comfortable, too.”
I surveyed his large frame. Why couldn’t I have been born with Aunt Alfreda’s gift of teleportation?
“You want to retract your wings fully for me?”
No response.
“Yeah, thanks, for the help.”
I cleared my throat, then went to work, folding in the wing I’d shifted earlier, placing it as close as I could to his body, then let go. Amazingly it stayed put.
“Hey, thanks for the help in keeping it folded, appreciate it. Okay, wing number two coming up.”
I rounded the end of the bed and, climbing back over his legs, repeated the process, to the same result.
“Nicely done. Now, could you please put your arms at your sides?”
No response.
“Why, you ask? Oh, so you make it easy on me when I try to rock you onto your side. You good with that?”
Silence.
“I don’t care if you don’t want to, please try.”
 Nothing.
“Fine, I’ll do it myself then.”
I pushed his arms as close to his body as I could, then stood back to assess how I’d perform my greatest feat.
“Now comes the tricky part. I believe we’re ready to roll you onto your side. You think you could help even a little?”
More silence.
“Yeah, I figured as much. Well, if that’s the way you’re going to be, don’t mind me removing my boots, too, because, no offense, but you’re huge.”
I placed my boots beside his, then squeezed back between the bed and wall and mounted the bed. 
“I know my feet on the clean blanket is gross, but tough, you refused to help. Okay, ready?”
I knelt, positioning myself above his flopped, but still-folded wings, then reached over and grabbed the pauldron of his leathers and pulled.
“That’s it.” I clenched my teeth with the effort, but his shoulder rose, and then his back twisted. 
Holding the pauldron with one hand, I grabbed the top of his wing and guided the weight over, laying it atop the other. 
The thing fell open again, levering out. “You’re not helping.” 
I collapsed it again and held it steady until it stayed shut.
Now to shift his hips.
“I don’t mean to get fresh, but…” I reached under his wings and over his butt, then grabbed his hip and pulled toward where I still knelt on the bed, until he lay balanced on his side.
“Nice work. Thanks for all your help.”
My stomach fluttered as I gently brushed back his long onyx locks, which had come loose of their leather tie. They contrasted beautifully with his olive skin. 
I cleared my throat when I realized I was ogling him.
“Yes, well.” 
I hopped off the bed. 
“I’m going to look you over for wounds, lie still please.”
He actually did as I bid, and I gave him a thorough going over but spotted nothing amiss.
“You’re making helping you difficult, you know that, don’t you?”
Silence.
“Oh, stop complaining about your precious neck cramping. Okay, okay, okay, I’ll get you a pillow, just stop having a fit.” I grabbed the untouched pillow and shoved it under his head.
“Happy now?” I smiled at my own carrying on. “No? Then what else do you think you need? Your arm’s getting crushed, you say?”
I rolled my eyes.
“For a big male, you’re a fussy one. Fine.”
I marched around his feet that still hung over the end of the bed and to the other side.
“I need you to lean back a little if you would.”
No response.
“Fine. Since you’re too good for such menial work, I guess I’ll have to help you.”
I pushed his shoulder back, then grabbed the bracer of the arm being squeezed between his body and the bed. But before I pulled, his good looks distracted me. I couldn’t help it.
Despite all his facial hair, I made out a square jaw. He was definitely a beautiful male. Thick eyebrows, and those broad shoulders, muscular chest, and narrow waist beneath his worn leathers… it all made my pulse race. 
What color were his eyes?
My face warmed as I realized I was again staring at him and hadn’t yet freed his arm. 
“Sorry, sorry, okay here goes.”
I tugged, then laid his arm on the bed, placing the other crosswise, atop it.
 “How’s that, better?”
His legs were twisted and his feet still hung over, and I frowned.
“Oh, complain, complain, you’re as bad as royalty. Fine.” 
I retraced my steps to the foot of the bed.
“Okay, sir, if you’re going to whine about it, I’m open to suggestion.”
Silence.
“Really, I’m all ears.”
His head was three foot-lengths from the wall at the top, and his feet hung over the end by the same. How to shift him up?
“No, I can’t drag you up. I’m not strong enough, nor is there enough room for me.”
Inspiration struck a heartbeat later.
“I’m sorry if this impinges on your dignity, but it’s better than staying this way, since you’re not helping.” I cleared my throat, dramatically.
I untwisted his legs, each of which seemed to weigh as much as a foal. 
“Did you put weights in your legs or something? I know you’re no giant, but still.”
I bent his knees, propping them one atop the other, forward of his butt.
I laughed, wagging my brows as I sat down on the bed beside his calves, then scooted back until my back rested against his behind. “Enjoying me feeling your butt?” 
I guffawed. I couldn’t help myself. If anyone saw me… I slapped my leg. My stomach hurt by the time I collected myself.
“Okay, okay, sorry.” I wasn’t at all sorry, but he didn’t need to know that. “Here goes.”
I dug my feet into the blanket and pushed with all my might. 
“It’d help if you weren’t so heavy, you know.” I clenched my jaw, but he slowly shifted toward the top.
I panted by the time I’d pushed him far enough that his legs rested fully on the bed. Patting his calves beside me, I scooted off the end. “You’re welcome, thanks for all your help.” 
I exhaled heavily as I looked him over. No blood, and neither talking nor movement roused him. 
His heartbeat had returned to normal, but his temperature remained unusually cool. 
“At least you don’t have a raging fever.”
I returned to his head and sensed his mind with open palms again… reds, oranges, pinks, and yellows.
For all intents and purposes, he just seemed to be in a very active, but very deep sleep. “What is wrong with you? How do I wake you?”
I frowned as I continued looking him up and down, no obvious solutions coming to mind.
Out of options, I laughed when I remembered a tale Mother and Father used to read Hyp, my younger brother, and me when we were little. In the tale, a prince stumbled upon a sleeping princess. His kiss broke the curse that had been placed on her and she woke.
I looked the man over. 
“Are you a sleeping prince?” My face warmed. “Will you wake if I kiss you?”

Chapter Four 




My heart pounded as I considered kissing the handsome stranger. 
Despite the turmoil of his mind, his breathing was slow and even, peaceful.
I knelt down and rested my forearms on the bed, studying his overgrown face. What did he look like beneath all that hair?
My stomach fluttered the longer I studied him as I envisioned soft brown eyes, high cheekbones, wide cheeks, full lips. If even half that was true, what would it be like to kiss such a male? 
I’d only ever shared a kiss with Galorian, a nobleman’s son, just after I’d turned sixteen. He was never-shaven, cute, and sweet. His kiss had been gentle, but nothing that swept me off my feet, not like some of the stories I’d read, certainly not what I looked forward to experiencing.
My pulse sped as I reached forward and fingered the unruly raven hair that occluded the stranger’s lips. 
I frowned when it felt stiff, but what had I expected, it was possible the male might never have tended it. What would a properly tended beard feel like? 
I continued running my fingers through the ample hair, combing it after a sort so I could finally see his nose. Each even exhale heightened my anticipation, until I at last beheld it.
“You have a very cute nose.” Straight with a modest bridge, ending in a nicely rounded tip. If the rest of his features equaled it, he was as striking as I imagined. 
A grin escaped me.
On to his lips. 
Tingling erupted down my arms, at the thought.
Finding his nose was one thing, but his lips… Lips were messengers of the heart, giving voice to inner beauty. I chuckled, at waxing poetic.
I glanced at his closed eyes, as if asking permission. Did his eyes light up when he smiled? My stomach quivered. 
Catching myself woolgathering, I cleared my throat. 
“You’d like me to do what to your lips?”
 My cheeks warmed as I drew a hand to my chest. “But, sir, that’s very forward of you and highly inappropriate.”
My eyes fluttered, but I couldn’t hold back a snort.
I grinned, holding up a hand. “Sir, I understand you’re a bit under the weather and you believe I should pamper you as a result, but…”
My eyes grew wide. “Be still my ears, you’re a regular rogue. What am I to do with you?” 
A snicker escaped as I imagined what the beautiful, warm -blooded males I’d read stories about would want, what I would want.
“You must know I can’t help myself when it comes to a handsome man in need. Fine, you’ve worn me down.”
I chuckled, glad no one could hear me.
I played with his mustache, brushing the hair toward the corners of his mouth. Chills scaled my back as his easy exhales again stroked the backs of my fingers—without hair in the way as it had been, the sensation proved even more seductive.
“What you do to me.” My voice squeaked.
Bluish pink of his bottom lip peeked through as I continued stroking, straightening, moving his raven facial hair. 
His lips displayed the same chill as his hands. I’d warm his lips with mine, and hopefully he’d awaken and get warmed up. I snickered.
I pondered as I continued staring at his mouth. Was he the type to bite his lips when nervous? My heart nearly burst at the thought. 
Boy, was it warm in here? I had more than enough heat for the both of us.
I used both hands to brush the rest of the hair back and away because it kept wanting to fall forward, but at last I beheld his lips… in their full… nakedness.
I grinned and my face warmed.
His mouth wasn’t wide, but it wasn’t narrow either—it was… tempting… with his bottom lip full and dulcet. His upper lip was thinner, but very much alluring. 
I wet my lips and my breathing labored. 
I got to kiss those lips.
Tingling erupted throughout my body as I leaned in. Closer and closer. I closed my eyes, savoring this moment, then sucked in a breath as I brushed my lips against his, feeling, exploring the silky, delicate skin. I pressed the kiss and discovered, besides being chilly, his lips were soft and luscious, pliable and sensuous. 
Wake up, wake up, mystery male.
I opened my eyes as I ran my tongue around his lips, then pressed another slow kiss, watching to see how I affected him, if I affected him.
Several heartbeats passed as I continued, but he didn’t wake. I sighed. I hadn’t expected to rock his world, inexperienced as I was, but a little twitch or something would have been nice.
I finally leaned back on my haunches. His facial hair had kept falling back, scratching the sensitive skin around my mouth, making it sore. Between that and his lips being cold, it certainly wasn’t the kiss to end all kisses.
I fingered the irritated skin, then pursed my lips. I wasn’t positive, but it felt like my lips… still tingled. I ran my tongue around them. Yes, they definitely tingled, even now. It wasn’t unpleasant at all. Was that normal?
A flutter rose in my stomach.
“What are you doing to me?”
I looked the beautiful male over. I could get used to this, if only he’d wake to reciprocate. 
My chest felt light the longer I thought about it.
But at length, I refocused. “What am I going to do to wake you up?”
I shook my head.
Blankets. I could at least help him get warm.
A search of the cabin turned up one shabby blanket. It was better than nothing but wouldn’t do a very good job. 
I drew the sides of the blanket he lay on, up, then spread the other one on top, tucking it up under his chin, then swaddled his dirty bare feet. 
He’d still be cold.
Glancing back out to the main room gave me an idea. I added two of the rugs. They were dirty, but dirt didn’t matter when you were cold. Besides, he was already filthy, what difference would a little extra grime make? 
Finally satisfied, I put my hands on my hips. There was nothing more I could do for him at least for now. I’d return tomorrow eve and see if warming him up worked to wake him. 
My gut told me I wished to hold smoke, but I was out of ideas.
I’d bring a shaving kit next time and see if he was open to trying another kiss. I grinned, as I turned to leave. 
“Stay safe. I’ll be back.”
The sun was nearly at its peak by the time I closed the door behind me and picked up my gear and rabbit prize. I hadn’t meant to be gone so long. Barric would undoubtedly know I’d disappeared again and would be doing his best to cover for the both of us. 
I owed him, big time, this time.
Spotting moss on several tree trunks, I hurried south, pondering about the handsome, mysterious stranger. I reached up and felt my lips that still tingled. The one kiss I’d shared with Galorian hadn’t made them tingle, but then again, Galorian wasn’t in the same realm, literally, as this male. I snickered.
With wings, the stranger had to have come from Dream, but how he’d kept them and whether he was still immortal I couldn’t hazard a guess. 
Not long after, I emerged from the dense forest, at the top of a ridge. I surveyed the terrain and smiled. Aunt Rasa’s memorial topiary garden lay to the left—the royal burial grounds would be just beyond that, and the path home just beyond that. I’d never gone this far in my usual hunts; I’d never had reason to, but I did now. I touched my tingling lips. 
But how would I wake him? And would I be in time, before dehydration or starvation won?

Chapter Five





I jumped, then stumbled over a large root in the path, the next night. 
“Damn bird, keep your screeching to yourself.”
The thing’s cry could have woken the dead. I gave it my best evil eye as I passed directly below the thick branch it perched on.
“And don’t you dare relieve yourself on me.”
I’d never navigated the forest at dusk, but it was the only time I could get away unnoticed with my inquisitor responsibilities. 
I adjusted the pack slung over my shoulder, then summoned Terra magic, directing it down my arms and through my upturned fingertips, toward both sides of the path ahead. With it, despite the dimming skies, it was relatively easy to find my way around obstacles… if only loudmouth birds didn’t scare me half to death.
Does he have internal injuries?
The random thought popped into my head and set my heart speeding in the blink of an eye. Why hadn’t I considered the possibility before? I’d been wrapped up in that kiss, that’s why. 
Blast it. He could have been bleeding out. He might well be dead.
I took off running. 
Other than my panting, only the sounds of wildlife greeted me when I breeched the foliage surrounding the hunting cabin. The aged wood of the front steps groaned under my weight as I raced across the porch. 
“Hello, it’s Onora,” I called, as I burst through the peeling front door. 
Be alive. Be alive.
A quick scan with my magic picked up a single heartbeat.
I exhaled, then ran a hand over my sweaty brow, stuffing down panic.
My idiocy hadn’t cost this male his life.
 I paced as I panted, berating myself for my carelessness—abbreviated healer training, indeed. I’d never been so enamored by a male. My thoughts all sun had fixated on that kiss and my tingling lips. 
Get it together, Onora, before you truly hurt him. 
My breathing evened, and I made my way into the bedroom. 
“Hello, hairy, handsome, and svelte mystery male.” I added seduction to my tone, covering my angst. “And how are you doing this fine evening? Find anything interesting to keep yourself occupied this sun?”
He played the shy, silent type and didn’t reply.
I dropped my bag on the floor along with the daggers I’d grabbed just in case I needed them navigating the woods at night and strode over, holding my palms open above his head. 
Red, oranges, pinks, and yellows appeared to me a heartbeat later as my magic captured the essence of his health.
“With you being so secretive about what’s ailing you, I got to thinking.” I held my voice steady; he didn’t need to know exactly how long that had been. “I checked you over for wounds and didn’t see anything, but since you haven’t yet woken, I probably should also check you for bruising. You may have fallen and have internal bleeding.” 
I pushed the rugs I’d covered him with, off, and sat. “Would that be okay? I’ll need to remove your leathers.” 
He didn’t reply. “You’re the strong silent type, but I will get you talking.” 
I picked up one of his hands. “So that’s what you’ve been doing all sun. Nice job warming them. Carry on.” It was a good sign, perhaps my worry had been for naught, but I needed to see. 
“Sounds like you don’t have an opinion either way about shedding your leathers, so let’s play it safe and… I’ll check you out.” I wagged my brows. “Please lie still.”
He did, as I unbuckled one shoulder and removed his pauldrons and bracers, then shifted him this way and that, to get at and undo the buckles on the other side of his chest. 
I moved to his back. The front of his leathers hadn’t been identical to how mine did up, but it was close. The back was a different story. A slit down the middle with a buckle at the bottom allowed for his wings. My face warmed as I worked the strap free. 
This is purely to check his health. It’s for his health. 
My warming face had other ideas about what this was for though, because his onyx feathers were soft, really soft. I’d been concentrating on getting him on the bed when I’d handled them before, but I couldn’t help but run my hands over them more than a time or two as I opened, then angled, then refolded them.
I coughed. I needed to refocus.
In no time, I’d loosed every buckle, and my stomach fluttered. 
But as I pulled the front away revealing a linen undershirt, the stench of old sweat hit my nose. 
“You may be handsome, but you reek.” I fanned at the stink, but it did nothing to help.
Nothing like sweat to get my mind back on track.
I dropped the top of the leathers on the floor, then retrieved one of my daggers and breathed through my nose as I slit the smelly linen undershirt in several places, then yanked it free from beneath him. 
“I can’t imagine that would have felt good to lay in. You owe me.” 
I stepped out into the main room and threw the wretched linen top toward the door. No doubt I’d find much the same on his lower half. 
His bottom half. I bit my lip. 
But first things first.
I strode back in the bedroom and my eyes took in the generous muscles of his olive-skinned chest, making my mouth go dry. My imagination had done his well-defined physique a disservice. 
His shoulders and clean chest revealed a strong posture. I imagined him confidently puffing up his chest and pulling his shoulders back, a gleam in his eye as he joked about one thing or another. 
I tore my gaze away before my mind really went nuts.
“I need a light.” Dusk had come while I’d been “appreciating” him, and I found a couple matches in one of the two kitchen drawers, then lit the oil lamp on the stand beside the bed, turning it up as bright as it would go. 
It wasn’t as bright as I’d hoped, but it would have to do as I began a careful search of every fingerbreadth of his skin, looking for any discoloration or abnormality that would indicate an injury.
I checked his muscled arms, shoulders, and chest, then ran my gaze over his trim abdomen and powerful back discovering absolutely nothing to suggest he’d suffered trauma of any sort.
“Onward and downward.” 
I bit my lip as I unbuckled his waist straps. 
My heart started to race as I moved to the end of the bed and straightened his legs, then grabbed the bottom of his leathers and yanked. 
The linen braies beneath—undergarments that protected us from chaffing—came away with his leathers and I got an eyeful of male… because there was a lot of him. He slid toward me from all my pulling, but I didn’t stop because stink again filled my nose and kept my mind off the well-defined muscles of his calves, and… other parts. I was panting once more before I managed to free his legs from his leathers.
I dumped everything by the door to outside, then returned to the task at hand, examining his sinewy calves and thighs, muscled buttocks… everything. 
“Good news, handsome. It seems you’re not bleeding internally.”
Except he was now naked and again hanging off the bed… in more ways than one. 
“While you, no doubt, enjoy showing off to a maiden, would you mind helping me get you… up?”
I snorted. I’d read too many stories.
He didn’t move.
I bent his knees, laying one atop the other, as I had before, then threw one of the rugs over his behind. 
Kicking off my boots, I scooted backward until my back rested against his bottom. 
Knowing he was naked behind and beside me, somewhat hairy legs and all, made my pulse race as I dug my feet into the bed and pushed with everything I had.
“A little… help…” 
I scrunched my face, struggling with the effort, but bit by bit I eased him back up the bed until his head nearly touched the wall, then I wrapped him back up in the blankets, swaddling his feet, and threw one of the rugs over him.
“I’m more relieved than you know to see you’re not in grave danger, but I still don’t know why you don’t wake. You’re giving me a better test as an apprentice than my master… and it seems I’m failing.”
I frowned, looking him up and down. I hated losing.
Two possibilities remained, neither of which I held much hope for, but seeing as he wasn’t bleeding internally, nor had he responded to me moving him about during my examination, I felt compelled to try. 
I rummaged in my pack and extracted a jar full of smelling salts that I’d gotten one of the healers to grab for me from their stock, then sat down beside him.
Knowing how awful this stuff smelled, I took to breathing through my mouth before pulling off the top.
“Breathe deeply, handsome.” It came out nasally.
He refused. 
“I don’t blame you, but you need to try.” 
I held it under his nose for about as long as I could stand, because a metallic, urine-like taste settled on my tongue. 
I stoppered the jar, then grabbed the skin of water I’d brought from my pack and headed for the kitchen. “That’s just nasty,” I said, after spitting out the back door.
Needless to say, I was a-wake.
Unfortunately, Hairy Handsome still slumbered. 
 I exhaled heavily as I stowed the smelling salts back in my pack.
It left me just one more thing to try before I was completely out of ideas. 

Chapter Six





What would happen if I couldn’t figure out how to wake him? My stomach turned to stone.
Shake it off. You’ll be no good to him if you don’t.
I knelt and extracted soap, a shallow wooden bowl, a round hand brush, a towel, and a razor from my pack. 
While unlikely, if he’d hit himself in the face, shaving would reveal it, although it would have to have been a nasty bump to keep him asleep this long. 
Curiosity had birthed the idea, but I found myself hoping beyond hope that it would reveal what ailed him.
“I’m going to give you a much-needed shave, if you don’t mind.”
He didn’t voice any objections, so I headed outside with a pail I found, tracked down the well whose pump handle had rusted, wrestled the thing into submission, and filled the bucket, then returned inside and went about preparing to shave him. 
Before selecting an apprenticeship, I’d had plenty of practice shaving patients when I’d been training to control my healing magic. It had been three annums, but I still remembered.
I spread a towel under his overgrown beard to collect the trimmings, then grabbed a dagger and set to work, cutting the black bush that grew from his face.
“Where have I been and what have I been doing this sun, you ask? Thank you for asking. As it happens, I’ve been up to my eyeballs in studies. I’m an apprentice inquisitor.” I puffed up my chest.
I dropped a handful of hair on the towel and reached for more.
“What do you do? Is that what brought you here?”
He chose not to reply.
“Are you a paid assassin? Perhaps you’re spy. Yes, a spy.” I smiled.
He didn’t reply as I dropped another fist full of growth on the towel.
“And a good one at that. It explains your tight lips.” A corner of my mouth hitched up.
I pulled free the last of the raven face bush and wrapped it up in the towel, then surveyed his visage that now sported a fingerbreadth of growth.
His pink lips looked as luscious as they had when I kissed him, but a strong, square jaw, protruding chin, and high cheekbones emerged, making my heart beat a bit faster. 
“Don’t go anywhere, handsome. I’ll be right back.”
I scurried to the back door and tossed out the towel’s contents for the birds to use; they’d discover some great nesting material when the sun rose.
“Okay, let’s get the rest of this scruff shaved, shall we?” 
He was apparently happy to let me work in peace because he didn’t pepper me with questions as I spread the towel under the side of his head and across his blanket covered chest, then lathered the soap in the bowl with the brush, and sharpened the straight razor on the leather strap.  
“So where do you call home? From your wings I’d guess Dream Realm. Do you know any of my cousins: Wasila, Wynnfrith, Challis, Rankin?” I rattled off the rest of their names. “They’re dreamweavers.”
From his silence it seemed none of their names rang a bell.
“Got any family?” That’s going to be missing you if I can’t wake you.
My stomach tensed, and I focused on lathering the soap, then spreading the white fluff across his face.

I turned his chin away from me, then brought the razor down, taking care not to nick him. It sounded like I buttered toast as I drew the razor across time and again. 
I reached his protruding chin to find he had a cleft that ran down the middle.
I couldn’t help myself, I grinned, then bit my lip. He was absolutely beautiful.
“You’ve been holding out on me, all that fuzz covering such a…” Cute feature. “… defining feature.” I dropped my voice an octave, because of course he had a deep, seductive voice.
I could hear it now, his would be a voice that cut through my heart and stopped me in my tracks.
I snorted. 
I turned his chin and started on the other side. 
“What do we have here?” I furrowed my brow several heartbeats later. A nasty scar ran from below his cheekbone, diagonally to his jaw. But it was fully healed and definitely not the cause of his slumber.
“Care to tell me that story?”
It seemed he preferred not to, what with his continued silence. 
“That’s okay…” I raised a brow. “I have ways. You forget, I’m an inquisitor. I’ll eventually get you to reveal your deepest, darkest secrets.” I chuckled my best evil laugh.
I finished his close shave, then wiped up the remnants of lather and sat back to admire my handiwork. I hadn’t nicked him once. 
“Um, um, um. You clean up well.”
Unfortunately, other than the old scar, shaving uncovered no evidence of trauma either. 
I couldn’t keep my shoulders from slumping as I burrowed under the blankets and extracted one of his hands and held it. “I’ve tried everything I know to wake you. I’m afraid you’re going to have to help me, give me a few ideas… something, anything.”
His palm was rough and bore calluses I noted, as I stroked the back—no surprise, based upon the rest of his lean, muscled body. It was the hand of a hardworking male… not one who sat around eating sweets all sun, like the Council members who were always giving Father a hard time—my mind added that last bit with no small amount of annoyance.
I drew a hand up to the side of his smooth face.
“Give me an idea… please.”
“Kiss me.”
Two words. Spoken in a deeply seductive baritone.
I startled and drew my hand to my chest, inhaling sharply, glancing about the room. Was my mind playing tricks on me?
I still held his sturdy hand, long fingers, ragged nails, and all.
I’d heard a male voice. I had. 
While I’d certainly been thinking about kissing Handsome, there was no way my mind would ever have embellished with that voice. 
“Kiss me,” it’s what I’d heard.
I resisted laughing at myself. Laughing might mean I was succumbing to insanity. Hearing voices, indeed.
“Kiss me.” The deep baritone tones swirled through my head again, and I burst out laughing.
“You want me to kiss you?” I eyed him.
I pictured a corner of his mouth hitching up and his eyes dancing.
“That can be arranged. You’re not exactly hard on the eyes.”
“Kiss me.” Rich notes, I know I’d heard them.
I drew in a long breath and tingling erupted in my stomach as I laid his hand down and leaned forward.
If I wasn’t crazy, if I really had heard him—how, I couldn’t fathom—if I wasn’t giving voice to my desires, if, if, if…
I adjusted his head so I could cradle both sides of his face.
“You’re so beautiful…” I leaned forward and brushed my lips against his. 
“So much better without hair,” I whispered, then pressed the kiss.
A moan… in a deep baritone.
My eyes shot open.
His remained closed.
I furrowed my brow and studied him. I could not have imagined that.
“Don’t leave. Finish.”
Okay, my imagination was really messing with me. 
“Finish the kiss.”
I looked him over. Thoroughly.
“Are you somehow communicating with me?” 
“I hope so because… I love your kisses.” A chuckle.
My cheeks warmed and I cleared my throat. “Okay… fine.”
I dropped my hands, placing one flat on his chest, the other on the bed and leaned in, brushing my lips against his.
I smiled, toying with him.
But he made no sound.
“You like my kisses, huh?” I wagged my brows.
But again, only silence replied.
I frowned. “Why suddenly shy?”  
Nothing.
“What gives?” I pressed my lips against his as seductively as my inexperience dictated, but he remained still, silent.
I jiggled him, but again got no response. What had changed?
“Are you toying with me?” 
Still nothing.
I tilted my head. He’d chuckled, seemingly enjoying my kiss. He’d said so himself, yet he was as silent as a stone.
“This isn’t funny.” I blew out a breath.
What changed? I was an inquisitor in training; I’d be damned if I couldn’t figure this out.
What had I been doing when he spoke?
Kissing him. My stomach fluttered as I looked him over.
Wait.
I raised my eyebrows, considering.
Yes, I’d been kissing him… passionately.
I laughed. 
Was it this simple?

Chapter Seven





“I’m going to kiss you again. I doubt you’ll mind.” 
Butterflies launched in my stomach as I placed my hands on either side of his face and leaned in.
But before my lips even reached his, he moaned.
Wait. What? I hadn’t kissed him.
I cocked my head, mind awhirl.
A heartbeat later, understanding dawned and I threw back my head and laughed.
 “Finish, my lady.”
I ran a hand up and down the side of his face. “It would give me no greater joy.”
So I did, pressing my lips to his as relief flooded me. We could communicate.
The kiss was long and wistful and passionate as I poured all the tension that had been building, into pressing my lips to his and savoring the feel of them. My heart pounded, and it was a good thing I sat, because my knees felt weak. My toes definitely curled.
Throughout, Handsome moaned and whispered sweet sentiments encouraging me on.
I don’t know how long our kiss lasted, but I finally pulled back, beaming, as I braced a forearm against his chiseled chest, making sure to keep a hand on the side of his face.
“How am I hearing you?”
“I’m a dark and deeply mysterious being.” His voice was filled with intrigue.

“Really?”
Laughter filled my head. “Actually, I planted a trace on you when you kissed me the first time.”
“You did what? A trace?”
 “Did you feel your lips tingle for longer than usual after our kiss?”
Longer than usual. He had no idea concerning my kissing “experience,” and I wasn’t about to educate him. “That’s what that was?”
“And here you thought it was just… passion.” Seduction again filled his tone.
I wrinkled my nose. But horror followed on its heels as another thought rose. “Have… have you heard everything I’ve said since I found you?” 
He chuckled. “Why do you think I wanted to finish that kiss?”
My cheeks warmed, and I redirected. “So this ‘trace.’ What’s it do?”
“It’s a form of magic.”
“There’s no magic in Dream.”
“Dreamweavers don’t have magic, other specializations do.”
“You’re not a dreamweaver?”
“No.” He chuckled. “Actually… I’m an inquisitor.”
I snorted. “You’re joking.”
“Afraid not.”
“What are the odds?” I shook my head. “But back to this trace.”
“A trace allows me to know your whereabouts as long as it’s within not too great an area.”
“And the tingling…”
“Was the trace taking.”
“So… you know where I am.” I wasn’t sure how I felt about that. “That’s not going to do much good if you can’t move.”
He was silent for several heartbeats. “With the trace, I don’t feel alone.”
Oh, my heart. I drew a hand to my chest. I was his bridge to beat back loneliness.
“So it’s this trace that allows me to hear you?”
“It is.”
“I wish I had trace magic. It would come in handy. By the way, what’s your name, or shall I continue calling you Handsome?” I chuckled.
He snorted. “I rather like that moniker so you may continue calling me that if you wish. Otherwise, I go by Acker.”
“Acker.” I ran it around my mouth, trying it on.
“Have you told anyone about me?” A serious tone filled his question. 
“No, why?”
He exhaled. “As you suspected, I came from Dream realm. I fled here to hide from my father who is up to no good.”
Alarm bells tolled in my head. “Who’s your father?”
“A regent.”
“Of which province?”
“I’d rather not say.”
“So you’re a prince?”
“Guilty as charged, I’m afraid. I’m an entitled royal.”
“Well, you’re in good company.”
“I am? Oh wait. Onora. Onora. You’re not…”
I laughed, picking up his hand again. “Princess Onora at your service.”
Laughter filled his voice. “I knew there was a reason your name sounded familiar. Pardon me for not bowing.”
“I’ll overlook it this time.”
“Thank you, Princess. I am forever in your debt.”
“So…” How to ask this without being indelicate. “… what’s going on with you? You’re awake, yet not.”
“I wish I knew. I’ve lost track of time, so I don’t know when I arrived in Wake, but I came looking for—” He chuckled. “— the Empress, actually.”
“Mother?”
“Yes, your mother. She experienced a similar situation as me with her father, Ambien. I guess that would make him your grandfather.”
“Don’t call him that.” I clenched my jaw. “He doesn’t deserve such endearment.” 
 “I apologize. I see we share similar sentiments. I wanted to ask the empress’s advice.”
 “I don’t understand. How does that relate to you being asleep?” I ran my thumb over his hand.
“I arrived in secret. My trek was going fine, and I was excited because I thought I’d be speaking to the empress soon. But I started feeling sleepy. I tried drinking water, running, whatever I could to revive myself, but nothing worked. In fact, I felt more and more drowsy with each step. I was fortunate to stumble on this abandoned cabin. I’d barely made it inside when sleep overcame me. I’ve never felt anything like it before.”
“That explains why I found you flopped, half on this bed. Were you ever worried someone would find you… in time?” 
“Not much registered, to be honest. Time lost meaning until you stumbled upon me.” He paused. “I haven’t stopped thinking about you since.”
My stomach quivered, and I bit my lip, debating whether to tell him, but at length, I summoned my courage and whispered, “I haven’t stopped thinking of you either.” 
Pregnant silence, real and vulnerable, reigned between us for several heartbeats. I picked at my leathers wondering, should I have told him?
“Your kiss was filled with… passion that I haven’t felt before. It grounded me for the first time in… however long I’ve been this way.” He hesitated. “Please don’t think me forward, but I longed to reach out and run a finger over your lips, draw my hands through your hair, feel your face.”
My cheeks warmed. What was I supposed to say, thanks? He was being so forthright.
“I… hoped… you’d return.”
I wanted to draw a finger over his lips, to still them. “Acker, there was no way I’d have left you. I’m just sorry it didn’t occur to me to…” 
“Check me over thoroughly?” He snickered.
I swatted his chest. “You might have died, and I don’t think I could have forgiven myself.”
“Did you enjoy everything you saw?”
I burst out laughing. I should have stopped myself but couldn’t. “As a matter of fact,”—my face burned— “I did.”
He snorted. “Let me feel your face.”
“You want to feel my face?”
“Yes.” Forthright.
My breathing labored as I considered for only a heartbeat, then brought his hand up. It took both of mine to manage his with the weight of his arm, but I spread his fingers and pressed his palm to my cheek and held it there for several heartbeats. 
I closed my eyes as I moved it upward to my brow, my breathing laboring with the intimacy. 
Down across my nose, over my other cheek and my lips, I allowed him to feel every feature. A chill went up my back. He was being open and vulnerable… I felt that way, too. 
And I wanted this. 
I opened my eyes again and kissed the center of his palm, then rested his hand on my thigh and ran a finger over the calluses just below his fingers. He was an inquisitor. His work created these.
I placed a hand on the side of his face again. “Well?” My voice waivered.
“Thank you. I feel like I have a good picture of you, and I must say you’re beautiful.” He didn’t hesitate with his assessment.
Butterflies launched in my stomach. “Thank you.”
“You have a high forehead as well as high cheekbones, full lips…” He paused as if still appreciating. It made me fidget. “… a narrow jaw, small chin… and a cute nose.” 
I laughed a laugh that came out strained from nerves, petting the hand I held.
“What color is your hair?”
“Brown.” 
“Just ‘brown’? Be more specific.” 
“Um, medium brown?” I shrugged.
“Be creative. Paint me a picture of the color that enhances the allure of your face.” Seduction along with humor filled his voice.
I snorted. “O. Kay. Well, then…” I matched his seductive tone. “…  my hair is an enchanting chestnut with a hint of beguiling bronze. Is that descriptive enough?”
“Enchanting and beguiling, I like that.” He laughed. “Long or short?”
“Long and wavy, it gives me fits if I don’t keep it braided.”
“Alas, at the mercy of your hair.” 
“You try it some time.” I swatted his arm.
“Let me feel it.” All joking left his tone. 
My stomach’s butterflies flew faster as I looked over his slumbering face, then reached over my shoulder and brought my braid forward. 
My heart beat faster as I removed the leather tie and ran my fingers through it, loosing and straightening it.
 I returned my hand to his face. “Ready?”
“Oh, yes.” His voice was pure seduction. 
I swallowed hard, and warmth rose between my legs. What was that about?
But I had more interesting things to focus on as I spread his fingers, then eased them through my unbound locks. 
My breathing labored. 
How could his fingers in my hair feel so good? So freeing? So… dare I think it… so tantalizing?
The warmth between my legs intensified. I’d no idea what was happening, but it felt… good. It felt right.
I bent forward, increasing the length of each pass, and my heart sped with excitement.
At length, I realized I’d lost myself in… whatever this was. It was certainly more than simply running his hand through my locks. 
I bit my lip and sat up. 
My hand was a bit jittery as I stretched it out, then touched his temple.
He inhaled sharply. “I think… I think I enjoyed that more than I should have.”
I exhaled, embarrassment evaporating. “I think I did, too.”
He blew out a laugh. 
“Are you thirsty or hungry?” It was the first thing that came to mind as I collected my hair and pulled it back over a shoulder.
“Interestingly enough, no. That is strange.”
It seemed he was just starting to catch up with my uneasiness over his condition—a condition I’d allowed pleasure to distract me from. What was wrong with me?
Angst filled his tone when, as if to himself, he echoed my question, “What is wrong with me?” 
“I should talk to Mother and my cousins in Dream, perhaps they’ll have some ideas about what ails you.” 
“No.” He practically shouted, panic lacing his words.
I jerked back.
 “The more who know about me, the greater the chance my father will find me.” His words spilled out.
“I’ll tell them to keep quiet.”
“No, you mustn’t tell anyone about me.” Insistence flavored his tone. “As it is, you know my whereabouts, which means your sand being will soon know, if he or she doesn’t already.” 
I nodded, understanding dawning. “And if they know and report to your father…”
“Exactly. Time is of the essence.”
My stomach clenched. I’d no idea what mischief his regent father was up to, but Acker’s alarm was enough to keep me quiet. I just hoped my sand being did, too.
“I think you should at least drink some water. I’ll prop you up so you don’t choke.” 
He agreed and I undertook to squeeze my legs beneath him and lever him up by bending my knees. We’d been close before, but with him propped in my lap, I learned a whole new definition of the word. 
I dribbled a few drops of water into a corner of his mouth as I cradled his head, then massaged his throat to make him swallow. 
It was messy, and I ended up getting more on me than down him, but at length, we succeeded enough that I felt better about his prospects.
I laid him back down and couldn’t suppress a yawn. “Sorry.”
“Am I keeping you up past your bedtime?”
I chuckled, running a hand across his chin. “I should probably get going. I promise not to mention you to anyone, but I do need to ask around because neither of us have any idea how to wake you.”
“Thank you.” His tone was serious.
“It’s my pleasure, Acker. I’ll help you through this.” If it’s the last thing I do.
I turned to leave, hauling his stinking leathers outside with me and leaving them on the porch, beside the braies. 
Thanks to the water, he had more time, but my gut told me his troubles were far from over. I just hoped I could figure out how to help him before unsavory characters tracked him down or his body shut down… no, I couldn’t think about that.

Chapter Eight





I would keep my promise to Acker, but a whole sun later I hadn’t decided who to covertly ask about his situation, not without raising suspicions. 
Hyp, my little brother, passed me the basket of rolls from across the table. I dined with my family tonight, in my parent’s private dining room of the royal suites, as I did as often as studies permitted. 
“How is your apprenticeship going, Onora?” Mother asked, beside Hyp. She looked especially pretty this eve with a few of her long blonde locks allowed to curl at the sides of her oval face. 
Father, dressed in a simple blue button-down shirt, cut a bite of pheasant, then glanced over at me.
I wiped my mouth on the royal blue cloth napkin, then returned it to my lap, debating.
“It’s going well.” My pulse quickened. Time to ad lib. I just hoped neither Mother nor Father checked my story. “I’m working on a very interesting case. There’s a male who is deep in sleep. I can communicate with him, but he’s unable to wake.”
Mother and Father exchanged a look, as I continued.
“It could be substance based, we’re not sure. Mother, when you were a dreamweaver, did you ever run into a case where one of your dream charges couldn’t wake?” 
“What do you mean when you say you ‘communicated with him’?” Father interjected. “If he’s asleep—” He set his knife across the top of his gold plate and took a roll from the basket I’d set between us.
“It was pure luck actually, but when I sensed his mind with my magic, to assess his health…” My cheeks warmed despite my willing them to stop. A corner of Hyp’s mouth hitched up. “I discovered that if I laid a hand on the side of his face, over his temple, he could somehow speak into my mind.”
Hyp set his fork down. He might have been two annums younger than me, but he had a quick mind, not to mention being only the second tri-affinitied sorcerer the empire had ever known. 
“Gotten especially close to this male, have you?” He leaned back against the back of his white upholstered chair, a smile playing on his angular face—one that looked very much like Father’s.
I forced a frown. “He’s a subject.” I rolled my eyes, trying to cover. 
“Who is no doubt handsome,” Hyp added under his breath.
Father gave Hyp a reproving frown, then took a bite of his roll. 
“So, Mother, did you?”
Mother swallowed her spinage, a leafy green vegetable with little flavor. Her glance bounced to Father before returning to me. “You said he communicated directly with your mind?” 
I shifted. “I don’t pretend to understand how, but yes.”
She drew a hand to her powder blue satin bodice, then smiled at Father. “As a dreamweaver, I used to communicate directly with your father’s mind as I wove his dreams.”
Father winked at her.
Hyp and I both made gagging sounds.
“I helped him work through all that happened to him during a sun, then planted ideas of things he might try, to resolve his problems.”
Father chuckled. 
I suppressed a laugh behind my napkin. Hyp’s gaze ping-ponged between the three of us.
“But did you ever have a dream charge who couldn’t wake? Or know of anyone who couldn’t?” This was the critical question, and I needed answers.
Mother gave Father a long look.
I furrowed my brow the longer they held it. Hyp rubbed his jaw.
At length, she nodded. “They should know.”
“You’re right,” Father agreed.
Mother put down her fork on the white linen tablecloth and cleared her throat. My brother and I both sat up, exchanging confused looks. 
“You know about some of the things your grandfather did before you were born.”
Oh boy, one of those stories.
“Your father and I chose not to share every story about that time. This one is among them, but the situation you speak of sounds very much like…” She sighed. 
I glanced at the oil painting of great-grandfather that hung in a gilded frame above the fireplace, behind Father. While I’d never known the man, from his picture, he seemed confident. I took courage from him now. 
“No one should ever have to endure such a situation.” It looked as if a ghost floated across Mother’s face as she relived whatever it was, she would tell us.
I lowered my fork to the plate, and my stomach clenched.
“You know that Aunt Alfreda was Uncle Kennan’s sand maiden before following me to Wake.”
I bobbed my head.
“What we’ve never told you is what precipitated her coming.”
Mother drew her hands into her lap.
“Your grandfather forced Aunt Alfreda to keep Uncle Kennan asleep for moons, while directing him to participate in all manner of… nefarious activities.”
“What?” My voice rose.
Father nodded, then took over the telling. “He didn’t tell you as part of your investigation?”
I shook my head.
“It was the middle of winter. Uncle Kennan tromped around in the wilderness, half frozen.” Father’s nostrils flared. 
Mother swallowed, playing with the lace that adorned the top of her dress. “One of those activities was forcing Uncle Kennan to lead some of his forces… against the empire.” 
“Uncle Kennan led that scoundrel’s forces?” My eyes went wide, and I clutched the fabric of my skirts. That would be treason. 
The candles on the crystal chandelier above us shifted, as if drawing back, equally appalled. 
I’d heard tales about the nature of those “forces,” abominations that embodied human fear, that radiated it, crippling anyone they battled. Mother was legendary for what she’d done in the final battle to eliminate them.
Insistence filled Father’s voice. “Your uncle was asleep at the time.”
“It was Aunt Alfreda who finally figured out how to wake him,” Mother added.
“How’d she do it?” The words spilled out, I had to know. 
“As a dreamweaver, she knew your uncle’s mind well. She was able to find his thought thread, that invisible connection every sand being shares with their charge that allows them to see their charge’s thoughts. She navigated through his mind to find a seed your grandfather planted there, the one through which he controlled Uncle Kennan’s behavior.”
Hyp’s shoulders tensed. 
“He… he planted a seed in Uncle Kennan’s mind?” I jiggled a leg.
Mother’s and Father’s silence confirmed the horror.
“When Aunt Alfreda removed it, Uncle Kennan woke,” Mother said.
Father added, “They fled under cover, returning in time to warn us concerning what was coming. If not for them, we would have been caught unawares and things would have turned out very differently.”
Mother and Father again exchanged a long look. They weren’t telling us half the horror; I could see it in their eyes. 
The pheasant had been tasty, but it sat heavy in my stomach, and I declined when a steward offered me berry trifle, one of my favorite desserts, not long after.
The story had been upsetting. I’d heard plenty of tales of grandfather’s evil, this just heaped on more. But disappointment added to my angst, because I’d no idea concerning thought threads much less navigating Acker’s mind through his.
“You said this male might be under the influence of a substance?” Father asked, after stewards had cleared the dishes. 
I bobbed my head, covering.
“I hope for his sake you soon discover a cure.” He shook his head. 
“I do, too.”
I gave my sibling a sisterly hug. My parents, I hugged and kissed, then promised Mother I wouldn’t be so scarce. With Acker added to my responsibilities, I feared I wouldn’t be able to keep my promise, but I’d try.
One of my parents guards closed their door as I crossed the threshold, and Hyde, another of my silent shadows, fell in line behind me as I wandered back toward the inquisitors’ wing.
I mulled over the conversation as I ambled. Mother said Aunt Alfreda had been forced to keep Uncle Kennan asleep. 
Is that what was happening to Acker? 
I stopped short, the thought making my breathing labor.
Acker was from Dream realm, the son of a regent there. I presumed it meant his father was a dreamweaver. Acker had come to seek Mother’s advice because the male was up to no good. 
Was Acker’s father controlling him via his sand being? 
My heart started to race. 
Had his father learned about me from his sand being? Would he try to put me to sleep, too?
My breathing labored. 
I was Acker’s only hope. I couldn’t afford to succumb to sleep; he’d never make it.
I had no proof, but if any of it was true… 
I hastened my steps. 
I had a critical stop to make before I snuck out to see Acker.

Chapter Nine





Where to even start? 
Dinner had gone from feeling heavy to feeling like a rock in my stomach as I wound my way down all four flights of the grand circular stairs, turned left, and headed past the dining hall and kitchens. 
But instead of passing through the healers’ wing and on to the inquisitors’ wing beyond, as was usual, I headed up the old wooden stairs, just before the treatment rooms of the healers’ wing.
“Princess?” My shadow asked.
“We’re making a detour, Hyde.” My guard gave me a long look but withheld comment.
When I reached the second-floor landing, I headed right and down the hallway. The few green robed healers who were about, greeted me with furrowed brows, bows, and “Princess.” 
“Good evening,” I replied, striding past.
I felt their gazes on my back as I continued on down the door-lined hallway, but I felt no need to explain myself. It wasn’t as if I was a stranger here.
The healers’ area lacked the fine detailing of others, but I still loved the cozy feeling it exuded with the woodwork lined hallways. At night especially, the globes that spilled warm light courtesy of Firebearers, mounted every few strides, enhanced its charm.
I stopped at the last room on the right, pulled open one of the well-worn doors, and stepped inside, Hyde following.
Only the click of my heels hitting the wood floor disturbed the silence as I approached the oversized, dark wood librarians’ desk behind which Macon, the head librarian, hunched—his flowing gray beard covering much of his green robes—beside an assistant, Edwena. Her face brightened the heartbeat she spotted me. 
The library wasn’t exactly large, but it wasn’t small either, and it had come to be one of my favorite haunts, holding a special place in my heart during the two annums after manifesting, and its allure had never faded despite me relocating. Unlike the huge library in the city accessible by every citizen, this one housed only manuscripts related to health and healing.
“It’s so good to see you again, Princess,” she whispered, causing Macon to look up. 
“Ah, Princess,” the head librarian said, a warm smile gracing his features. “What brings you to our humble abode? Have a question you can’t get answered quick enough to suit you?” He chuckled.
I couldn’t resist smiling. “You know me, too well. As it happens, that’s exactly why I’ve come.” 
Edwena sat tall, clearly anxious to help, while Macon nodded me on.
I motioned for Macon to lean forward, earning a questioning look from Edwena, then whispered into his ear, “Can you direct me to books on sleep as it relates to Dream realm?” 
Knowledge of the existence of Dream Realm had been limited at Mother’s insistence due to the nature of sand beings and their work—we humans had a tendency to fight perceived threats to our freedom and Dream realm feared humans might rise up against them one sun, misunderstanding the role of the realm. It would be nigh impossible to help folks see that sand beings were no more  puppet masters than I was a fish, but chaos would break out and no one would get any sleep, which would spiral downward to more and worse problems.
The head librarian turned to his assistant, “Edwena, I’m putting you in charge of the desk for a bit while I get the princess what she seeks.”
The assistant sat taller still, drawing her chin up. “Yes, Master.” 
Macon lead me past wooden bookcase after wooden bookcase, and I noted several apprentice healers—judging by the shortness of their green-robed sleeves—pouring over tomes at the desks attached to the bookcases, no doubt in preparation for tests. As well, other, more skilled healers—from their full-length sleeves—were head down, researching one thing or another. As with the hallway, globes that spilled warm light courtesy of Firebearers, illuminated each desk.
Macon stopped before a door to a room at the farthest right corner of the library and withdrew a key ring from his robes. 
“Please wait here, Hyde. There’s only one way in and out.” I’d been in this room only a handful of times, but there was no security concern.
My guard bobbed his head and assumed an alert stance, hands behind his back, outside the door as Macon lit the lantern situated on a small table just inside, then closed the door behind us.
The smell of old parchments, undisturbed in quite some time, filled my nose, and I couldn’t help but sigh contentedly. 
Macon chuckled as he processed around the space, lighting several more lanterns. “My thoughts exactly, Princess.”
The smallish room came into view, its dark wood shelves lining three of the walls, floor to ceiling, filled with leather-bound books. Scrolls in cubbies lined the remaining wall. A table with six chairs stood as a lone island in the middle. 
Macon headed to the left, holding his lantern high, squinting at titles on the spines. “Let me see…” This and more he murmured to himself.
He pulled one and then another and another book from the highest shelves and handed them to me. The process repeated itself again and again until my arms nearly burst with knowledge. 
I set them down on the table, hope growing, and returned in time for Macon to hand me three more.
“These are a few books that may begin to address your questions. Many were scribed at the Empress’s dictation, things she felt a limited few should know about Dream realm. If your questions have not been satisfied after this, I have plenty more that are not restricted, including notes of master healers about sleep and such.”
I retreated to the table, running a hand over one of the stacks of books. “Thank you, Master Macon.” 
“If answers to your questions exist, we’ll find them.” He beamed, and I couldn’t help but echo. I knew him, helping others discover knowledge was what made him rise every sun.
“I’ll leave you to it, then. Stay as long as you like.” He closed the door behind him.
Time was of the essence. I hoped my efforts bore fruit quickly.
I bit my lip as I sat, then slid the first tome from the top of a stack. The one-word title read, “Dreamweaving,” and I plunged in. 
But after several pages, I discovered it was all just stories—a whole assortment of recountings by various dream beings, telling how they helped their dream charges work through what troubled them. I only recognized Mother, Aunt Alfreda, and Aunt Velma’s names among the several who gave accounts—the others all seemed to be people who lived in Wake judging by the details of their stories, but it left me wondering exactly how many people had crossed from Dream to Wake. 
While fascinating, the book didn’t begin to answer questions about Acker’s probable situation. 
The next tome described Mother’s experiences accessing the minds of the various dream charges she’d had over the course of her previously immortal existence. I had to shake my head more than a time or two while reading that book, trying to wrap my mind around what it must have been like to be immortal… like Acker. To live longer than not one or two humans, but a whole host of us.
Again, the content proved riveting, but skirted the reason I was here.
I dove into the third and fourth and fifth thick books, but again they didn’t illuminate anything about how to circumvent a dream being, if indeed that was what kept Acker asleep. Based upon everything else I’d tried, it had to be.
I couldn’t suppress a yawn as I closed the next book. Sleep had been knocking on my mind for some time, but I’d ignored. It seemed there was no putting off my sand being any further.
What time was it anyway? There were no windows in this room, not that they’d reveal anything but darkness anyway. I rubbed my tired eyes, then rose, stretched, and opened the door. 
Hyde straightened where he still stood beside the door. 
“What time is it?” I asked, glancing about but seeing no one and hearing no noises, not that I would, it being a library and all.
“The sun will soon be rising, Princess.”
“What?” That woke me up. 
A corner of Hyde’s mouth hitched up. “May I escort you back to your rooms?”
“Please.” 
I left a note for Macon when we reached the front desk, asking him to not reshelf anything and promising to return shortly. I still had six or seven tomes to work through. 
I swore my lips tingled as I trod behind Hyde, out of the deserted library and through equally empty halls, my heels making the only sounds. I ran a finger over my lips, thinking of Acker and our passionate kiss. He said he’d put a trace on me when I’d kissed him. Was he tracking me? Is that why my lips tingled? Did he somehow know what I’d been doing all night, for him?
But I hadn’t found anything of help. I suppressed a heavy sigh. I prayed answers lay within the walls of the library. 
But what if they didn’t? My mouth went dry. I couldn’t bear the thought.
Worry took another bite out of me. I hadn’t visited Acker tonight and ensured he was sufficiently hydrated. I’d come here right after dinner with my family and now I’d run out of time. He’d lasted who knew how long before I’d gotten water down him, but that long drought would have sapped any reserves his body had. 
I needed to see him, and soon. 

Chapter Ten





I ran as swiftly and stealthily as I could, my quiver bobbing against my back, hand clutching the bow. 
With dusk still a ways off, it made maneuvering through the woods significantly easier than in the dark. I ducked under a tree limb, leapt a fallen trunk in the path, and skirted the dense copse that liked to scratch me, racing for Acker.
 I hadn’t been able to escape any of my apprentice duties, but dinner had been an afterthought because worry over Acker and his well-being had eaten me alive all sun. I wished his trace allowed me to know how he fared. 
My lips tingled again, as they had much of the sun, and my stomach tensed making my breathing labor further. I prayed it wasn’t Acker calling out in distress, because I couldn’t have helped him, not without giving both of us away.
Not long after, I leapt onto the porch in a single bound, stopping beside Acker’s stinking leathers only long enough to wrench open the cabin’s door, dropping my quiver, bow, and pack. I skidded to a stop beside the bed.
“Please be okay,” I panted, touching the side of his face with an open palm.
“Hello, Beautiful.” Acker’s words were slow and lazy, like he really had been sleeping and I’d just woken him.
“How do you feel?” Insistence filled my tone.
My heart climbed into my throat when he didn’t reply. 
I sensed his mind with my magic to find only bright reds and oranges, then pinched a bit of his skin, and my stomach went hard when it continued standing tall, rather than fading back into the surrounding skin.
“Acker, you need water.” I grabbed my water skin, kicked off my boots, then scooted my legs beneath his head and a blanket-covered shoulder. 
I bent my knees, one higher than the other to prop him up, making sure not to catch his wings under me. It was admittedly awkward, but it elevated him enough not to choke. 
“I need you to help me, Acker. I’m going to give you water, but you need to drink it, okay? Can you do that for me?” I angled his head up, then opened his mouth and squeezed several drops into the corner. Setting the water skin down again, I massaged his throat to get him to swallow. 
I’d learned a few techniques the first time I gave him water, and thankfully, more of the liquid ended up going down him than on me this time.
Once I gave him what I deemed was a sufficient amount but not too much water, I leaned my shoulder against the wall still cradling his head and ran my hand over his cheek. 
“Acker, I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to get away sooner. I feel… horrible.” 
I took to tracing his nose with a finger, appreciating it’s symmetry, then did the same to his scar and lips, letting my thoughts run. 
“I felt my lips vibrate so many times over the sun, at least I presumed it was you. I feared…” 
Yet I hadn’t come. I’d made excuses to myself about why I couldn’t. Were my studies and responsibilities more important than his life? Of course not. 
I’d been dragging all sun, my energy low without sleep. My mind had been preoccupied with a mixture of thoughts of him—his beautiful face, his fragile condition, his gorgeous body, the threat of his father, his firm muscles that I longed to run my hands over, and so much more. My thoughts had vacillated, back and forth, the whole time, and I’d refused to examine them deeply. 
And I’d keep it that way.
My gut fluttered, telling me that the feelings I’d feared to examine closely since I’d met him were at the heart. It made no sense. Why would my feelings make me tarry? I’d no idea, but I was sure I didn’t want to examine them quite yet.
I diverted my thoughts back to safer and more familiar ground. 
“You were counting on me, and I failed you. I’m so sorry, Acker.”
With the crisis averted, I closed my eyes. I’d just rest them for a bit while he recovered.
My lips vibrated, startling me awake. The cabin was dark.
I placed a hand on the side of Acker’s face.
“Thank you for saving me, again.”
He sounded significantly more alert than he had, and I exhaled heavily. 
“But you’re moving rather fast, don’t you think?”
“Moving fast?” My mind slogged, struggling to catch up.
“Sleeping with me, already?” Humor laced his words.
My cheeks burned. “I… I didn’t…”
Acker snorted. “I rather enjoyed it, truth be told.” 
That woke me fully, and my stomach fluttered. 
“Let me light the lamp.” Anything to change the subject.
I wriggled out from under him and set about the task, before returning and sitting beside him.
“You mentioned you felt your lips tingling throughout the sun.”
Guilt made my chest tighten. “That was you, trying to call me to help, wasn’t it?”
“As it happens…” 
My throat felt thick. 
“I have no way of communicating with you via the trace. It’s a maker only, allowing me to know your location.”
I furrowed my brow. “A marker?”
Passion filled his words. “Unless I miss my guess, you’ve been thinking about our kiss. Am I right?”
I sucked in a breath. No way would I tell him the whole of what I’d been thinking about him. 
He loosed a chuckle laced with seduction when I still hadn’t answered several heartbeats later. “That’s fortunate, because it’s what’s filled my thoughts, too.”
“It is?” I couldn’t keep my voice from squeaking. 
“Definitely.”
My heart raced, and butterflies launched in my belly, in a frenzy.
“When we get through this, I want to show you more than just a passionate kiss… if you think you’d enjoy that, too.”
My breath caught. “I… I…” I sounded like a mouse.
After all my mind had fantasized about him this sun—his luscious lips, his muscled body, his manhood—his words focused my roiling emotions, and I couldn’t help myself. I leaned forward and brought my lips down on his, eliciting a moan. 
I kissed him wholly and thoroughly by the time I was done. 
For his part, the plethora of noises he made told me he enjoyed it just as much as I.
“We’ll both have something more to think on.”
I tittered. “I think so.”
He was silent for several heartbeats, as if already pondering “more,” but I needed to get more water down him.
“I’d like to give you a bit more water, so we avoid this ever happening again.”
“Beautiful as well as wise.”
My cheeks warmed at his compliment, as I wriggled back beneath him, propping him up again, then picked up my water skin and dribbled more water into his mouth and got him to swallow.
“I’m soon going to have another problem.”
My brows raised. “What’s that?”
“I’ll need to pee.” 
I laughed. “That would be a good problem to have because it will mean you’re fully hydrated.”
“Like to help me relieve myself, would you?”
I could picture his thick brows wagging. 
“Nothing I haven’t already seen.”
He snorted. “And thoroughly enjoyed.”
I snickered, then dribbled more water in his mouth.
“With your trace, you know I was at the castle last night. What you don’t know is why I didn’t come.”
“I assumed as much, although never having seen the castle, nor knowing my position relative to it, I wasn’t positive. So why did you stay away?”
“I had planned to come, but I got caught up in researching how to help you. I didn’t realize until I got too sleepy to continue that it was nearly sunrise.” 
I massaged his throat as I told him about dinner with my family and the resulting speculation that it was his sand being who was keeping him asleep. 
 “You believe my father is forcing my sand being to control me?” I heard fear in his voice.
He swallowed, and I dribbled more water into his mouth.
“It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“Then how has he not discovered my whereabouts?”
I ran my hand up and down his throat until he swallowed. “One of the books said my Aunt Alfreda didn’t know where Uncle Kennan was when he was wandering about in the wilderness.”
“When your grandfather forced her to keep him asleep.”
“Yes, she never let her connection with Uncle drop, and he apparently wandered all over. She eventually lost track.”
“And since I’ve been on the run, you think my sand being doesn’t know my whereabouts.”
“That or your sand being is keeping it hidden.”
I gave him more water, which he swallowed with my help.
 “If you’re right and my sand being is forcing me to remain asleep, I can’t imagine he or she wouldn’t divulge my whereabouts as well.”
I inhaled sharply. “Let’s hope you’re right and your sand being just doesn’t know.”
Acker grunted, but a heartbeat later said, “There is one good thing from last night.”
“What’s that?”
“You didn’t sleep, so there’s no way you could have dreamed about me.”
My stomach tensed as I drew the conclusion. “So my sand being couldn’t have reported anything about you to your father.” 
I swallowed hard at that. My sleep was a liability to Acker. 
What would happen when I did sleep? With my fixation on this winged male, there was no way my sand being wouldn’t see him, and my stomach went hard.
I wasn’t about to mention the fact that I’d nodded off for a bit while he recovered just now. Had my sand being woven dreams while I dozed? Who knew, but if it hadn’t been a dream, apparently I’d had quite the “thoughts” of him, what with my lips tingling me awake. 
My toes curled unbidden.
I cleared my throat. “So… do you know of any way to circumvent a sand being?”
“I wish I did, but I’ve always been an inquisitor. I never studied dreamweaving.” 
My shoulders slumped.
We had to hope I turned up something in that library and soon because who knew how long our luck would hold. 

Chapter Eleven





Over the next several suns, life alternated between apprenticeship duties, visiting Acker to ensure he had what he needed—because no way was I going to let him become dehydrated like that again—and researching some way to end his predicament. 
But worry started gorging itself on me the longer it took. Acker had water, but his body needed more to survive; it needed sustenance. As well, his father might find him at any time, especially if I slept. 
I felt the weight press down on my shoulders, and it only grew heavier the longer it took to figure this out.
On top of that, Mother and Father along with Colonel Merek, my inquisitor master, started asking what ailed me, because I’d started sporting dark circles that marred the skin under my eyes, as well my focus was lacking. I assured them it was just a passing malady, but their long looks told me they didn’t believe me. 
I had to keep it together until I solved this and rescued Acker, but it was proving increasingly difficult.
I slammed shut a particularly large tome about a sleep study being conducted with nonmagical people in one of the provinces, gaining disapproving looks from several of the healers I sat nearby this evening. 
“Sorry,” I whispered, holding up a hand. 
One, a master healer, gave me a particularly worried look before she turned back to the books on the table beside her. 
My worn wooden chair creaked as I shifted. I ran a finger along the spine of another of the books in the stacks Macon had pulled for me, for tonight. I had to give the librarian credit; he would not rest until I had a solution. I just hoped such a thing existed because I was beginning to doubt.
I’d skimmed books on sleep, proper rest, recipes for potions to cure insomnia, information on the various magical affinities as they related to sleep, cooperation  between magical and nonmagical people of the empire relating to health, but nothing proved helpful. 
I’d soon be qualified to be a dreamweaver at this rate—right, a mortal one, sure. I stifled a frustrated laugh. 
I pushed my chair back and rose. I needed to walk. 
I strode past the three tables to my left that made up some of the islands in the archipelago that was the middle of the library, two of them were occupied by apprentices who looked panicked, no doubt for a test on the morrow. 
I turned left and forced myself to slow to a lazy amble, passing three, four, five standing bookcases that jutted from the walls. More green robed healers labored at the attached desks between them, head down, beside lanterns that blazed brightly.
I knew what I needed. I clenched my jaw. I needed a way to bypass a sand being. I’d been dwelling on it until I was purple.
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, letting some of my frustration go. 
How else might I approach this? 
My skirt swished and my heels clicked on the wooden floor as I turned left again and continued past more standing bookcases. 
Were there any other ways of accessing a body? 
I paused. Acker had placed a trace on me. Too bad it didn’t do anything other than report my location, at least that’s what he’d said it was limited to. I needed something like that, but that did more.
I resumed pacing, past several more bookcases. 
What could do more than a trace? 
I turned left, continuing to follow the perimeter of the library’s center section.
“Wait.” I stopped short. 
The weight of many gazes on me wrested my attention, and I dipped my head. “Sorry, sorry.” I waved my hands.
Mother and Father shared a bond. 
I’d never tried to understand it; I just knew they were forever talking to each other through it. It’d been quite the nuisance as a child, knowing they were talking about me, but not knowing what they said.
But the story of how Mother had been badly hurt long ago, rushed to mind. Even Chief Healer, and my uncle, Jathan had lost hope of saving her until he’d had Father try pushing some of his magic through their bond. It alone had saved her. 
What all could bonds do? Could one bypass a sand being’s hold on Acker?
I strode to the oversize front desk. 
“Macon, can you direct me to anything you have about bonds?” 
Despite me speaking softly, the head librarian startled as he looked up from his work. “Bonds?”
“I can show her, sir,” Edwena said, rising from beside him. “In fact, I shelved a new book by Chief Healer Jathan there just this morn. Follow me.”
The assistant led me to an area in the far left corner of the library.
Hope rose when Edwena said, “Everything about bonds is in this area.” She motioned to nearly the full section of the bookcase we stood before. 
“The chief healer has done quite a lot of research as I think you’ll find.” Her eyes sparkled. “Can I show you anything else?”
“No, this is good for now, thank you.”
The girl smiled, then curtseyed, and turned.
I held my lantern high, examining the spines, as her footsteps faded. Two immediately grabbed my attention, both were titled simply, Experiences of Bonded Couples.
I pulled them out and laid them on the attached desk, opening the first as I sank into the seat. 
Uncle Jathan had documented an assortment of observations about his bond with Aunt Velma including that he could read her thoughts, and his reflections on that—that if he knew what she was thinking, he might have a fighting chance to understand her.
He was chief healer and my uncle, but he was still a male. I chuckled. How’s that working for you?
Another chapter was an experiment he and Velma had tried using their bond to enhance each other’s magic. More experiments were detailed through the rest of the tome. While interesting, it was factual, but a bit dry. 
I wished Aunt Velma had written it. I snickered. That would have been a fascinating read because she had spunk and wasn’t afraid to… well, say exactly what had happened, inappropriate details and all.
I moved on to the next book. A quick scan of the first page summary and my excitement grew. Uncle Jathan had penned Mother and Father’s accounts of their bond. 
I began to read.

Much of understanding bonds involves desire. 

“Really.” I licked my lips, a smile forming.

One of the bonded needs to desperately want to join the other’s mind. 

“Do tell,” I whispered, hardly believing what I read, especially that one underlined word.

Empress Alissandra Altairn’s Account:
I closed my eyes and let my thoughts about him roam. I wanted to be one with him, no not just with, but in his mind. In a heartbeat, my view to the world shifted and I looked up to see a blood-covered female kneeling beside me. 
I looked down at myself then yipped. How was I in two bodies, seeing as both him and myself at the same time? To say this was an out-of-body experience was putting it mildly. This was downright mind bending as well as disorientating.

Mother could see through Father’s eyes, through their bond? My heart sped. 

I, in my own body, tried to relax. I decided I’d be better off lying down. Kovis turned his head, and through his eyes, I watched myself lie down beside him and draw an arm to cradle my head. At the same time, as myself, I watched him lying there, watching me. I could move, and I had awareness in two places at the same time. It was the strangest thing I’d ever experienced. Every once in a while, I’d wished I could be in two places at once—well, I was getting my wish, and I wasn’t sure I liked it. 

The account continued with all Mother had done while seeing through Father’s eyes. I had to pick my chin up more than once.

Breaking the connection
Long to return to your own body, your own mind. Will it to be so.

Empress Alissandra Altairn’s Account
I focused. I want to be back in my own head, alone. 
Nothing happened. I still saw the world through both of our eyes. My heart picked up its pace.
Kovis calmed me, and I tamped down on my rising panic and tried again, with more force of will. I need to return to my own body, my own head. 
My perspective shifted. Kovis lay on his back beside me, one hand beneath his head, the other by his side. 

It went on to describe three other experiences where Mother saw through Father’s eyes via their bond.
The next account was of Father saving Mother via their bond, and my heart quickened. It was the story I’d heard countless times, and I had to read it for myself.

Our Empress-to-be was struck by a poisoned dagger for which we could not deduce which poison had been used. She’d nearly bled out and her heart had stopped at one point. I and my assistants had revived her. 

I swallowed, hard. Mother…

Emperor Kovis Altairn’s Account
Despite trying different remedies, Ali’s color had turned ghostly. Jathan assessed Ali’s condition but when he finished and replaced her covers, he turned to me with a frown.
“I’m going to tell you exactly what I sense. The poison has made its way throughout her entire body, that’s why her skin has taken on that pallor. It’s preventing her from replenishing the blood she lost. The antidotes have not worked. I don’t know if whoever concocted the poison changed it so they wouldn’t, it’s hard to say. But it doesn’t matter. We don’t know how to neutralize it.”
It wasn’t a matter of just giving her more blood. Our magic flowed through our blood, each sorcerer’s unique. 
Jathan’s shoulders slumped. “She’s not going to last much longer.”

I drew a hand over my mouth. Mother…

“Without sounding indelicate, my concern now shifts to you, my prince. You share a bond. While little is known about them, I’m concerned that when she passes, you may be adversely affected.”
I didn’t care a whit about myself. “What are you saying?”
“We’ll need to keep an eye on you.”
He’d barely spoken the words when he tilted his head and furrowed his brow. “Wait, your bond. Wait. Wait. Wait,” he said. He paced as he thought aloud, “You both have an Air affinity.”
It was common knowledge.
“Magic flows in the blood. Your Air affinities… I’ve never dealt with a bonded couple, so I don’t know if this will work, but it’s worth a try. Ali can’t improve without more blood. If you could send Air through your bond, it might give what little blood she has a boost, at least enough to beat the poison.” Jathan’s eyes filled with, I dared to think, hope.
“I’ll try.” My mind raced to invent a way to do so. I sat down and took her pale hand in mine, then reached out to that silent link between us. It scared me how quiet it was. I pushed past my worry and directed some of my power through it.
“Take it slow, not too much at once,” Jathan cautioned.
I pulled back a little but continued releasing my power into our connection. It tested my patience, but I sent more and more Air into her, ever so slowly. 
At length, Jathan exclaimed, “I think it’s working! Her color’s improving!”
By the time the sun peaked, she hadn’t yet woken, but she’d stabilized, and her color had returned.

Mother! I nearly shouted my joy, but stopped myself just in time, before disturbing the peace of the library again.
While I’d known that bonds existed, had heard this tale and a few others, reading this account was my first true introduction to what they could do, from a more objective perspective. 
I devoured the rest of the tome, then reached for another and another and another, both here and in the restricted section. Mortal bonds with mortals, immortal bonds with immortals, the plethora of stories told what all of these bonds had done. Some of the stories were incredibly intimate and made me blush, but they showed that when one person felt deeply connected, loved, and accepted by another—what a bond was at its heart—it couldn’t be broken. 
I’d never dreamed it might be possible to be so close to another, but the more I read, the more it became what I longed for, deep down. 
No sand being would ever triumph over a bond; that was for certain. 
It was the biggest possibility I’d yet uncovered, but it begged a big question. Did I want to bond with Acker? 
The question kept swirling through my head as I read. I’d been infatuated with his charm and beautiful looks, and he was fun to play with, but could I envision myself… loving him the way these bonded couples loved each other? I hardly knew him.
Beyond that, another problem existed… I had no idea how bonds were formed and what’s more, nothing I’d yet read had said word one about it.

Chapter Twelve





My stomach tensed as I mounted the cabin steps the next eve. How would Acker respond when I told him about bonds and the possibility they might be for him? 
His reaction would tell me everything. It would reveal just what kind of male he was, because if we pursued this, it wasn’t about just him anymore.
I stopped at the bedroom door and my gaze swept over Acker’s blanket and rug covered body, resting on his right side, the tops of his wings peeking out. 
My stomach tensed, so much could change between us tonight. 
I removed my boots and made my way to the bed where I sat down and placed my hand on the side of his scruffy face—his whiskers had certainly not been hampered by sleep.
“Hey, Acker, how are you feeling?”
“Hey, beautiful princess. I’m feeling better rested than ever in my life.”
I chuckled. “I bet you are. At this rate you won’t need to sleep for fortnights.”
His tone was soft. “How’d you sleep? Did you dream?”
It had become his standard question when I arrived each night and always left me feeling like a stone was in the pit of my stomach. I knew why he asked, but it made the heaviness of that responsibility feel even more so.
I set about lighting the oil lamp as I said, “I slept, but if I dreamed, I don’t remember it.” 
I sat back down and placed my hand on his temple again. 
“That’s good.”
  He always said that if I couldn’t remember, but I didn’t know if it was just that, that I didn’t remember dreaming or whether I truly hadn’t dreamed, but I wouldn’t spoil his narrative.
I bit my lip. “I found something last night.”
He remained silent, but I wondered if he was figuratively holding his breath.
“Have you ever heard of a bond?”
“Can’t say I have.”
I told him everything I’d learned about bonds, recounting several of the stories, but leaving out the intimate parts that had made me blush.
“A bond is such a strong connection that I can’t see how a sand being could compete,” I said in conclusion.
There, I’d said it. My stomach churned as I waited for him to respond.
He was silent for several heartbeats, no doubt thinking and forming his response. “While I agree that bonds sound promising, I don’t want to make my problem, your problem.” Worry laced his words. “Not that I wouldn’t enjoy getting to know you better… because I definitely would, but bonds are a whole other level of intimacy… a deeper and more permanent intimacy from the sounds of it. It wouldn’t be fair to ask it of you. You’re young, barely, what?”
My heart raced. “I’m eighteen.” 
He chuckled. “Like I said, young, with your whole life before you.”
“How old are you?”
“I’m three hundred and fourteen.”
I coughed. “Umm, I figured you were older, but…”
He laughed. “I may be older, but I’m nowhere near maturity. How old was your mother when she left Dream?”
My mouth dropped open. “I’ve… I’ve no idea. I never thought to ask.”
But lightness filled my chest. I’d worried how he would respond, but Acker had substance. His first thought had been about me and my future; he’d said not word one about himself, despite what declining would probably mean for him, and that spoke volumes. 
It told me he was someone who would be selfless and think about another before himself, who would be kind and supportive. It told me he was someone I could build a deep and lasting relationship with. 
It told me everything.
“Acker, I’ve given this as much thought as I could since last eve. It hasn’t been long, but…” I rubbed my free hand on the leg of my leathers. 
“Onora…” Objection sounded in his voice.
“Let me finish. When I understood not just what a bond was, but about the… intimacy—” My face warmed. I was glad he couldn’t see. “—of the relationships…” 
My heart pounded. 
“When I reflected on my parent’s relationship… and overlaid it on top of those I read about, I realized a couple things.”
Acker remained silent.
“The first is that when the Fates bring two people together, it’s not an accident.”
I barely refrained from jiggling my leg because what I was about to say...
 “And secondly, and I think more importantly, by their very nature, bonded relationships are closer than most. A bond allows both people to know the other at the soul level where there’s an honesty and a purity between them that you just can’t have without one.”
I closed my eyes as my stomach clenched.
“That’s the closeness that I want with whoever I end up… marrying.”
I ran my hand up and down my leg again. I’d laid myself out there and felt more vulnerable than I’d ever felt. But wasn’t doing so exactly the intimacy I sought? It was the only conclusion I’d reached as I’d thought this through.
“You don’t settle for second best.” His words held what I could only call restrained humor, and I loosed a strangled laugh. 
But what did he think?
“Onora…” He choked. “I truly don’t deserve you.”
I stared at his face, wishing I could see his eyes, watch his facial expressions.
“In Dream, we don’t mate until around one thousand annums, so I haven’t given relationships serious thought.”
One thousand annums? I’d no idea. In a heartbeat, I felt like a complete idiot. What had I been thinking? There was no way this would work.
 “That said, I’ve never known such an intimate relationship was even possible, but as you spoke what you did—” His breathing labored. “—Onora, I want that intimacy, too.” 
I swallowed, still staring at him.
He paused. “And if it’s with you that I would have the honor and privilege of sharing life… I would love that.”
“You would?” My voice rose. “But our ages, you’re immortal. How would it work?”
“Immortality isn’t all you perhaps think it is.”
“It isn’t?”
“No.” It came on a chuckle. “It’s monotonous, doing the same tedious activities every sun.”
I drew a hand to my chest, hope rising. 
“Immortality promotes laziness. There’s no time by which something must be done. And worse, we have no reason to improve ourselves, which means there are a lot of apathetic, shallow beings. Some have become bitter, wallowing in self pity. It’s sad, really. They’re not the type of beings I desire to be close to.”
“I’d no idea.”
“No doubt your mother saw it, too. I would welcome becoming mortal if it means embracing life to the full. And to do it with you…” It sounded nearly like a prayer.
“You really mean that?” I bit my lip.
“Never more.” A smile played in his tone. “My dearest Onora… you’re right, only the Fates could have brought us together as they have.”
His response had been so much more than I’d dared to dream. Words completely and utterly failed to capture the emotion that welled up in me as I slid off the bed and leaned forward, pressing my lips to his. 
This was no ordinary kiss. It was a promise… of openness, of vulnerability, of longing, of my deepest desires. It was eager anticipation of the future, and a prayer for connection more intimate than either of us had ever known was possible.
My heart was still pounding when I finally pulled back. My lips were tender from his stubble, but I didn’t care, it had been worth it.
“So where do we go from here, my dearest Onora?” He chuckled.
How I wished I could see his eyes dancing with mirth. 
“I brought broth tonight. It has more nourishment than just water. I want to get some down you, and then…” I hesitated only a heartbeat. We’d committed to each other. “I’d like… to cuddle with you. Would you be okay with that?”
“Oh, how I wish I was awake, because I have more than cuddling in mind.” 
My cheeks warmed as my thoughts raged. “I’d be open to that…” I couldn’t keep a squeak out of my tone as I added my true sentiments. “… definitely.”  
Acker just laughed.
Our relationship would certainly be one of openness, at this rate. Like the stories I’d read between bonded couples. 
After giving Acker broth, a fluttery feeling beset my stomach as I began unbuckling my leathers. I’d never been even remotely intimate with a male, and while the actions I’d taken to help him so far had revealed his nakedness, this wouldn’t be clinical, and it would go far deeper than ogling. 
My ears felt impossibly hot as I slipped beneath the rugs and blankets covering Acker and moved between his arms until my back rested against his bare, muscled chest, my legs bent to match his. Somehow my braies, that thin layer of linen between us, felt like nothing at all. 
I reached up and back, finding the side of his head.
“I like this,” he murmured. 
I started stroking his arm that I’d bent to lay across my chest. “What do you dream of doing once you become mortal?”
“Don’t laugh.”
“Why would I laugh?” I hadn’t pictured him as one who worried about what others thought of him, but perhaps I’d been wrong.
“I dream of… becoming an artist.”
“That’s not silly. What kind of artist?”
“A painter. I think I’d like to open an art gallery.”
“Ah, that’s great. Uncle Kennan paints. You two would… will—” We both chuckled. “—get along famously.”
“My father said painting was pointless. He doesn’t see value in the arts.”
“You’re immortal. What point does there need to be? You said so yourself.” I snickered.
“Thank you.”
“What do you like to paint?”
“Anything that grabs my attention. Sometimes it’s a landscape, other times a portrait, sometimes shapes that fascinate me. How about you, what do you dream of doing?”
“I love what I’m learning. I dream of being an inquisitor. It’s mentally and physically challenging, but more, I love helping people find closure. That’s what spurs me on. Hey, maybe you could teach me how to plant a trace on someone.”
He chuckled. “There’s nothing I’d enjoy more.”
We chatted for quite some time, enjoying each other’s physical closeness while sharing our hopes and dreams. 
But at length, I rose, immediately hating the cold that replaced Acker’s warmth. I had more research to do.
I’d been right about things radically changing between the two of us tonight—I’d never fathomed how significantly. I’d thought I was a dreamer for believing I could experience the depths of intimacy promised by those accounts. But I hadn’t been alone. 
I was determined to discover how to bond with Acker, or all this would be for naught. And that was completely and utterly unacceptable now that I knew what kind of male he was.
I only prayed I could figure it out.

Chapter Thirteen





Despite pouring over countless books, four suns later, I had yet to see word one about how to bond with Acker. I fisted a hand where I sat with only a lantern for company in the library’s restricted room tonight, trying desperately to bite back rising panic. 
How long would Acker last on broth? When would his father find him? These two questions refused to be silenced. 
I breathed in a long breath and let it out slowly, reflecting back on our time together tonight.

“Would you give me a massage?” Seduction filled Acker’s voice.
My stomach fluttered. We’d been enjoying getting to know each other physically since our “meeting of the hearts” as we’d taken to calling it.
“How long have you been thinking about asking me that?” A playful tone flavored my words as I ran a finger across his shoulder and hooked it on the one remaining blanket covering him.
Gooseflesh rose on his skin and he chuckled, answer enough. “How’s this for creative ways to ensure we are as close as possible to bond?” 
I couldn’t help but laugh. “You’re a male, no doubt about it.”
My finger edged the blanket down, slowly, tauntingly, teasing, exposing more and more of his onyx wings, until they were completely bare.
“Oh, what you do to me, my dearest Onora.” It came out a whisper.
I scooted beneath his wings, resting them across my lap, and outstretched legs, my back against the headboard. “Mmm, mmm, mmm.”
More gooseflesh broke out along his arms, and I loosed a seductive chuckle of my own.
Starting at the joint in his back, I ran my finger along the top of the wing, slowly, gently, enjoying pleasuring him. 
“Ooohhh. Mmm.” 
I moved on to his other wing, eliciting much the same response.
“I’ll lose my wings when I become mortal.” It came out factual, not sad despite the sacrifice.
I sucked in a breath. Mother, Aunt Alfreda, and Aunt Velma had all lost their wings when they became mortal, but I hadn’t thought about him losing his. Clearly he had.
“Touch me between my wings, at the top. It’s my most pleasurable area.”
“More sensitive than your…” 
“You’ll have all sorts of time later to enjoy yourself with my manhood.” He laughed.
My cheeks warmed, but I stretched, opened his top wing, and exposed the area fully. 
“Mmm. I love being fully vulnerable to you.”
 I leaned forward and kissed the area, then slowly ran my tongue across.
“Ooohhh, Onora.” It came out a moan. 
More kisses and licks followed until Acker’s breathing labored. I grinned from ear to ear, thoroughly enjoying bringing him such pleasure. It made me long for a time when we’d pleasure each other freely.
“Remove your braies and lay in my arms.”
I drew in a breath. I’d become comfortable, relaxing in his arms over the past several evenings as we talked about the future, about our hopes for ourselves and our lands, about silly things like favorite colors and flavors, all sorts of things, but I’d never yet wholly borne myself to him physically. 
Based upon his joy at bearing himself wholly to me, his request wasn’t a surprise. But was this what I wanted? Was I ready?
Acker remained silent, letting me consider. It was another of so many things I’d come to appreciate about him. He’d put something out for consideration, but he wouldn’t push. Rather, he’d let me decide what I wanted to do.
I slipped out from under his wings and came around to the other side of the bed. His eyes were still closed in slumber, but I’d shaved him again, and I gazed at his beautiful face.
It wasn’t long until I reached for the string of the top bow on my braies and pulled. One, two, three, four bows fell away, then I eased one shoulder, then the other from the garment letting it fall to my waist, my breasts fully exposed.
I wanted this. The heat pooling between my legs told me so, as I’d come to discover.
I let the fabric fall from my hips and pool around my ankles, before stepping out. I was quickly losing myself to this male. I wanted him to know as much of me as he was able. We both felt the same.
I slid between his arms, then reached up and back and placed a hand on the side of his face. “I like baring myself to you wholly, too.” My love. The words came to mind so naturally, but I held them back. 
“Let me feel your breast.” Earnestness filled his tone.
My nipple strained for his touch as I raised his hand and cupped it over my bosom, then held it there. 
He moaned. “I long to do this often and always.”
I kissed his arm. “I’d like that.”
We lay this way for quite some time, neither of us saying a word, just enjoying yet an even deeper intimacy. 

The memory faded. We’d experienced only the beginning of the openness and vulnerability that the accounts had shared, and I could not wait to explore the bounds of everything being bonded to this amazing male might mean.
But I needed to understand how to create our bond if this was to become a reality.
I read back over several more accounts of bonded immortals. In large measure, they spoke of the same closeness that mortals shared along with similar accounts of “tunneling” through the other half of the bond to do one thing or another, whether seeing through the other’s eyes, feeling what they felt through their hands, tasting… 
My face burned as I read the present account. The female was tasting her own core via her partner. 
I cleared my throat. Research, that’s what this was. And immortals seemed completely uninhibited and willing to share the most intimate of details. 
I hadn’t known immortals were such passionate lovers before reading these accounts, but it certainly made sense. What else did they have to do with all their time. If nothing else, Acker had certainly helped me understand that aspect of immortality.
My toes curled. What all would Acker and I do?
I fanned my face. 
I hadn’t read any accounts of bonds between immortal and mortal. The realization niggled my mind, offering a needed distraction. 
The wooden chair creaked as I leaned forward, bringing the lantern closer to get a better look at the spines of the four stacks of books laid on the table, but from their straightforward titles it was clear none were in the mix.
I rose and held the lantern before me as I perused the general area Macon had pulled these books from, but again, I noted no mortal with immortal bonds mentioned.
Curiosity piqued and I strode from the restricted room, toward the front desk, Hyde shadowing me.
“Macon, are there any accounts of immortals and mortals bonding?” I whispered after gaining his attention.
The old man stroked his long gray beard, his eyes looking skyward. At length, his hand stopped halfway down his facial hair. “I’ve never thought about it, but you ask a very good question. As I think about our collection, we do not have any books with such accounts that I’m aware of. Huh.” He continued stroking his beard. “I wonder why that is? I shall have to inquire of Chief Healer Jathan.”
I raised a hand. “No, that’s fine. It’s okay. No need.” 
“It’s no trouble at all.” He removed a quill from the inkwell and brought a parchment close.
“No, really it’s fine.” The last thing I needed was Uncle Jathan involved. Being the curious soul he was, he’d quickly discover who was behind the request and I’d have no end of questions. It’s why I hadn’t gone to him to begin with.
“Thank you.” I turned quickly before he insisted.
 As I strode back to the restricted room, I pondered. Why had Uncle Jathan or someone else not recorded any accounts of bonds between mixed couples? Did mortal and immortal bonded pairs not exist? I’d believe they were infrequent—I couldn’t imagine too many immortals paid Wake realm visits. But was that all it was?
I bit my lip.
Perhaps no one had been diligent enough to seek out and find such a pairing. I ran a hand up and down my arm. I didn’t buy it. There were too many curious beings in this world, Jathan and Macon just two. Someone had to have sought out such a thing—their adventure would have been chronicled whether it had borne fruit or not, judging by the various accounts I’d read.
My stomach clenched.
Or were mortal and immortal matches attempted… but the bond ended up killing one or both of the pair?
I thrust open the door and scrambled back onto the chair, thumbing through my extensive notes. There. One of Jathan’s early accounts. “I’ve not heard of a bond hurting either party. The ones I’ve read about all formed within relationships that were close already, between lovers. No one yet understands what caused any of them, or why.”
My heart raced, the words doing little to allay my fears because he’d made that observation long before most of the interviews he conducted. I was falling in love with Acker, I had no doubt, so we were definitely covering the “lovers” part, but had Jathan discovered anything that might suggest bonding between unequal beings, might harm one or both of them, in the course of further research? 
Short of asking him, which would make Acker’s presence known to who knew how many in short order, there was no way to know. 
My stomach quivered. 
The knowledge of how to bond with Acker continued to elude me, but assuming I figured it out, would I entrust mine and Acker’s lives to the unknown, to hopefully save him via a bond, but with no guarantee?
So much could go wrong.

Chapter Fourteen





Acker’s mouth flew open, and he loosed a gut-wrenching howl.
“No. No.” I matched his cry, clutching the sides of his head. 
He bellowed again. Bonding wasn’t supposed to be painful. What was wrong?
“Make it stop… please.” My voice turned pleading. I’d beg any deity who could end his terrible pain. 
But none seemed inclined to answer my cry.
Acker roared once more. Bonding was killing him. 
“Acker, wake up. Wake up.” Tears streamed down my cheeks as I shook him, begging him. I couldn’t lose him. Not after how close we’d become. I’d found my equal, my soulmate in him.
“Take me instead.” This and more I sobbed as his torment went on and on and on. I felt utterly and completely helpless as Acker’s cries grew weaker, yet more anguished. 
“Acker, I love you. Don’t leave me.”
Strong hands shook me.
“Princess.” Alarm filled the voice, then pain shot from my underarm. 
“Oww.”
“Princess, wake up. You need to wake.”  
I panted, squinting my lids open.
Barric leaned over me, a pained expression written across his face, hands still grasping my forearms.
My wet eyes shot open, and I inhaled sharply.
My guard straightened in a heartbeat, his face turning ashen. “I’m sorry, Princess. I’ve been trying to wake you, but you wouldn’t.”
He stepped backward as if darting to avoid the strike of a cobra.
I rubbed my underarm, then swiped my face with the back of my hand, my breathing still labored.
He cleared his throat. “I believe you were having a nightmare.”
I bobbed my head, clutching my blankets, still seeing Acker screaming in pain. “What happened?”
“You started screaming, and I rushed in thinking someone or something…” 
I glanced over his shoulder. The wooden door hung at an odd angle. 
I’d locked it before retiring, and he’d broken it down.
I eased to sitting, covering myself with my blankets. 
“Thank you.” I swallowed, trying to recompose myself.
“For some reason you wouldn’t awaken, and I had to resort to…”
I took a deep breath. “Pinching me under the arm as you’ve been instructed.” I massaged the skin that still throbbed. 
I didn’t know why the protocol had been established, but I was glad it had. 
“I apologize. I really didn’t want to hurt you.”
I weakly waved away his apology. “You did well. Better a little pain than… that nightmare.”
He nodded. “Will there be anything else? Would you like me to summon anyone for you?” 
Yes, Acker. “No, thank you.” No way was I fine, but I wouldn’t tell him.
Standing up the door, he looked over his shoulder. “I’ll be here if you need me.” 
“Thank you.”
He exited then propped the door up behind himself.
I hugged myself. I’d had nightmares every now and again, who didn’t, but never had I dreamed anything so… gut-wrenching. How I wished I could unsee it. 
I’d never dreamed something I couldn’t wake from, and it left me feeling completely helpless. What was going on?
I sucked in a breath. Had Acker’s father found me?

________

I kissed Acker on the lips in greeting the following evening. I’d be the first to say it wasn’t filled with the passion I usually imbued it with, but I just couldn’t find it in me.
“You seem tired. Long sun?”
“Yes.”
I took to removing my boots and slipping under him to prop up his shoulders as I always did, but I didn’t chatter like usual. 
I reached for my broth-filled waterskin. 
“You’re very quiet. What’s wrong?”
“It’s nothing.” I eased his mouth open and dribbled some of the liquid in, then massaged his neck until he swallowed.
Insistence filled his tone sometime later when I still remained quiet. “What happened? This isn’t you.” 
He’d leave it up to me whether to share or not, but it was clear he was concerned.
I fed him more broth, and he swallowed.
My stomach had felt rock hard all sun, and I couldn’t see it feeling any better until we at least tried to bond. If that was even a good idea anymore. Had my nightmare been a premonition? My gut had a way of knowing truth, was it predicting the future? 
More broth, another swallow.
Acker didn’t press, but his silence spoke volumes.
Dribble. Swallow.
“Looks like I’ll need to give you another shave.” I ran a hand down his lengthening stubble, saying something, anything to break the silence that was so unusual between us. We’d become very open with each other, and this felt truly awkward.
“At your leisure, my dearest Onora, but there’s no rush, especially when you’re tired.” 
I wished my heart was as sympathetic as Acker because guilt bit into me. We’d pledged to become as close as two beings could, yet at the first sign of trouble, I was holding back from sharing something that might significantly affect him.
Dribble. Swallow.
At length, I set the waterskin down and exhaled heavily.
“You dreamed, didn’t you?” It was a statement.
I looked down at his closed lids. He had an uncanny knack for reading me. I loved that about him… most times.
 “I did.” It felt like a confession before a god.
Acker remained silent. It was all the coaxing I needed. “I had a nightmare that only my guard pinching me under the arm could wake me from.”
I spilled the whole terrifying story in a rush, as if letting it gush would disarm it. It didn’t. Reliving it only left me feeling that gut-wrenching terror of losing him in such a horrifying way all over again. 
I swiped at stray tears, trying to catch my breath.
“I’m so sorry you had to experience that and now relive it. The last thing I want is to cause you pain.” Empathy flowed from his words. He hadn’t spoken just some easy platitude, he’d meant it. 
“Thank you.” My heart overflowed with love for him, and I rubbed my hand up and down his cheek.
“I fear you’re right, that my father may well have found you.”
“Why has he not come then? There can’t be many Princess Onoras. Surely he must know where I am.”
Acker was silent for several heartbeats. “I don’t know.” Worry filled his words and made my chest tighten. “As I told you, I’ve never studied dreamweaving, so I don’t know why you would have had such a deep nightmare—” He broke off.
“What is it?”
“I fear that it will happen again, but next time…”
“I won’t awaken?” I’d thought about that.
“Let me feel you in my arms, Onora.”
After the traumatic events, it seemed we both sought the solace only each others’ arms provided.
Despite my tiredness, my stomach still fluttered as my braies fell to the floor and I stood bare before… my love. 
It seemed the feeling was mutual, even though neither of us had yet used the endearment. I wasn’t sure why I hesitated. Perhaps I feared it would change what was… not perfect, but… 
I bit my lip. 
I think I feared it might just change what we were both enjoying.
I pulled back the blankets and eased myself between his arms until my back met his bare chest and my behind brushed his legs… and other parts. It didn’t elicit a shallow thrill, but rather a belongingness, a rightness, a connectedness I’d never known before.
While it didn’t completely erase the fears that had consumed me all sun, the cramps in my stomach began to ease.
I drew his hand up to cup one of my breasts while I reached back to his temple. 
We lay this way, neither of us saying a word for some time until Acker finally broke the quiet. 
“I want you to really think about whether you want to bond with me.”
“What are you saying?”
“You said you worried that immortal and mortal couldn’t bond without… hurting… each other. As if summoning it, your worst fears then came to life in that nightmare that only your guard could wake you from. Onora, I don’t want you to do this just for me.”
“Is that what you think?”
“I hope not. I hope you’re doing this because of the possibility of both of us knowing each other so deeply and intimately that you feel like you’d have missed out on a critical slice of life without it. That’s what I’m hoping.”
I kissed his arm, then said, “My mother was almost sure she’d die coming to Wake.”
Acker’s breathing labored. 
“It’d never been done as far as she knew, and she had only the speculations that my Aunt Velma, the one who sent her, laid out. Despite the odds, she came because… because she loved Father.”
“I’d no idea.” Awe filled his words.
My heart sped from the sheer magnitude of what I was about to say. “If she can be courageous…” For love. “… so can I.” 
“Onora…,” he murmured. “I love you.” 
“You do?” I pivoted in his arms, then reach up and cradled his face in my hands.
“I’ve known for some time, but I was afraid to say it.”
He loved me. I chuckled, suddenly giddy. “Me, too. I worried it might change something between us. It’s felt as if I was living a fairytale, and I didn’t want it to end.”
I leaned in and kissed him.
“My dearest, Onora. I love you with my whole heart.” 
“And I, you.”
I deepened the kiss, and speaking around our lips, added, “I don’t know what might happen when we try to bond, but this much I do know, I will forever regret it if we don’t at least try. I want to know all of you.”
“My love.” He let his words linger.
“You know what this means?”
“What’s that?” His voice held a smile. 
“It means I need to figure out how to bond with you before—” 
“My father…” His voice caught. 

Chapter Fifteen





“How am I supposed to figure out how to bond with Acker when there’s not one single, solitary account to go from?” I threw myself against the back of the old wooden chair, waving my hands at the restricted room’s ceiling, several suns later. As if it were to blame.
I’d come straight here after seeing Acker this eve, but pressure was making me crazy and even more tense. I needed to hurry, but lack of information was making that a wee bit difficult.
What might Acker’s father, another maniacal Dream regent, be capable of?
That thought set my heart racing. Again.
“Stop.” I brought my hands back down. “Nothing good will come of thinking on it,” I told myself.
I was glad I was the only occupant of the room.
“Calm down, Onora.” I took a deep breath. “You’re a rational inquisitor.”
Sometimes talking things out helped. I rose and took to pacing around the shelf-lined perimeter of the small room.
“What similar types of accounts have I seen?”
I’d read gobs of stories, but every couple had been bonded already.
“Aunt Velma and Aunt Alfreda mentioned feeling frozen and unable to move for several heartbeats when they first arrived. Mother mentioned something similar, too.”
I brought a hand down to my open palm.
“Okay, I’m going to assume that “frozen” sensation happened as their bond formed, but what happened just before that?”
I waved open palms in the air, inviting speculative thoughts.
“Where were they in Dream just before that? Who was with them?”
I cocked my head, trying to remember what I’d read.
“Aunt Velma was with Mother because it was Aunt that sent her. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Did that mean…?”
I scrambled back to the tome-laden table and scanned the spines. 
“Where…?”
There. 
I pulled the thick blue-spined book from the bottom of one of the stacks and opened it. This was one of innumerable books Macon had left for me, but it had seemed irrelevant upon initial review. It was filled with accounts of a variety of things all by Aunt Velma, anything from maximizing plant yields to improving circulation; Aunt Velma and Uncle Jathan were definitely alike in their curiosity about a whole host of things.
“How did Aunt Velma know how to send Mother from Dream to Wake?” 
Please, please, please be in here.
Starting at the front, I skimmed the pages. More experiments. More recommendations.
There didn’t seem to be any logic to how things were organized, or maybe I just couldn’t deduce one. 
“Come on, Aunt Velma, tell me how you did it.” I cheered her on as I continued turning pages.
I was three quarters of the way through when I reached a chapter titled, Theory of Physical Transference, and my breathing sped. Was this it? 

Envisioning forms the basis of all physical transference and is at the heart of exactly what the Ancient One did when he created the world. 

“The creation story?”

In the beginning, the Ancient One gathered sand, dust, and ashes and mixed them together in the caldron of the skies. He envisioned his creation as beautiful and fruitful and everything he loved, then breathed over the great cauldron with a breath of wind. A sandstorm erupted and it shaped and molded the contents. 
He tipped it over, and humans, animals, sea creatures, every living thing poured out. The unformed extra material he tossed into the skies and it became stars, which he breathed on too, making them twinkle and smile upon humans.
Knowing humans would need guidance, the Ancient One then created Dream realm to steward his creation. But he grinned. With the free will he’d given them, he knew they wouldn’t take kindly to being guided—they’d see Dream as shackles of a sort, rise up and try to throw off their seeming bonds. So he decided he wouldn't tell them, and he hid Dream behind a thick canopy.

I’d heard this story before, but what did it have to do with sending Mother to Wake?

Breaking it Down:
The Ancient One envisioned his creation as beautiful and fruitful and everything he loved, and then breathed over it.
Envisioning is the key. Envisioning is thinking how you want something to be. Put another way, it's thinking the words in our minds and then willing something to be.
The narrative envisioned is where the power lies so one must envision carefully, taking into consideration where the person needs to end up and the situation that will exist when they arrive.
To physically transfer someone from one place to another, envision them in the location you want them, then breathe over them. 

“That’s it? That’s how Aunt Velma sent Mother to Wake?”
I flipped through the pages that followed. They described how Mother and my aunts had banished my grandfather’s army of unspeakable abominations during the last war. Between the three, they’d “envisioned” sending the beasts into oblivion. More and similar accounts followed. 
“Envisioning.” I shook my head. “Who would have thought? Not much different than using magic.” With magic, I directed my power through my hands as I reached out with my mind, willing the situation I desired, to come to be. It sounded similar to how bonded couples tunneled through their bond, too.
I took to drumming my fingers on the edge of the table. I’d wished, wanted, and desired that Acker wake, but I’d never thought to try this. How many other things in life might be possible by envisioning? But I was getting ahead of myself.
I raised my pointer finger, refocusing. “If envisioning truly is the key… if I focus on Acker and envision him waking… will he?” 
Would I need to bond with him, then? 
The random thought caught me off guard. 
If I didn’t need to, I wouldn’t have to worry about what might happen because he was immortal and I was mortal. It was still a real concern that I had no answer for.
My heart grew heavy the longer I thought about it. We’d approached bonding out of necessity, but if it wasn’t necessary any longer… 
But I loved Acker. 
We’d gotten to know each other deeply already, yet I wasn’t satisfied, not when I knew there could be more. I longed to experience life in a much deeper way than most humans got to. 
I shook my head. 
I longed to bond with him. Life would not be the same if we didn’t experience it together, like that. 
He’d said he wanted to bond with me, too.
I bit my lip. Would he still if I told him it might not be necessary? 
A heaviness filled my chest the longer I considered. It removed all desire to continue researching, so I left the empty library, Barric my silent shadow, trailing me, as I headed back to my room. 
I should have been overjoyed; I believed I’d discovered how to wake Acker. 
But my heart was still heavy when I reached my door. 
This couldn’t wait until tomorrow eve. Acker and I had both worried what might happen the next time I slept, well, I wouldn’t sleep one wink until I told him.
I’d let him decide if he truly wanted to bond with me, whether it was worth the risk. My stomach churned, but it was the right thing to do. 
I bid my guard good night, feigning tiredness, then donned my leathers, adding two more daggers rather than bothering with my bow, and performed my vanishing act. 
I was down the stairs and through the stables, empty of human life at this hour, without incident. The dappled stallion in the box stall at the far end eyed me as I climbed up, no doubt looking for another apple.
“You had your treat already, boy,” I whispered, forcing levity I didn’t feel. 
Thankfully he didn’t complain about not getting another boon as I squeezed through one of the arrowslits above his enclosure. 
I dropped, down to the foot of the castle wall, rolling on impact to avoid breaking a leg. Inertia brought me up to standing, and I was off, running on light feet, sticking to the shadows so the guards on the walls above wouldn’t spot me.
The path was all too familiar, but my mission was not. 
What would Acker say? 

Chapter Sixteen





My hands jerked, nerves fueling them, as I leaned forward and kissed Acker.
“What’s wrong? You just left.”
“Nothing’s wrong, love.” I rubbed the side of his again-smooth face as I sat down on the bed beside him. “I think I figured out how to wake you.”
“Really? How?” Excitement laced his words.
I forced joy into telling him everything I’d learned, ending with, “So it seems bonding may not be necessary.”
“I see.” He drew out the words.
I studied his beautiful face as his silence dragged on what felt like an eternity but was probably only a few heartbeats. How I wished I knew everything he weighed.
“Onora…,” he finally said. “Since you first discovered that bonding might bypass my sand being and allow me to wake, there’s been little else my mind has ruminated on.”
He hadn’t? 
“The longer I’ve pondered on the tales you shared about all of those bonded couples, the more I have ‘envisioned’—” He chuckled. “—us enjoying such intimacy.” 
“You have?” I bit my lip.
His tone took on sadness. “If you do not wish to be bonded, I would never—”
“Acker, I want to bond with you… more than anything, I just didn’t want to…”
“My Onora…,” he murmured. “I, too, want desperately to bond with you, but I would never force you.”
My shoulders slumped as a relieved laugh escaped me. I ran my free hand over his other cheek. “Acker, I cannot wait to spend my life with you.” 
“Mmm. Me, too.” 
I leaned forward and kissed him. “I didn’t want to force you either.”
“You know what would be almost as good as bonding?”
I grinned. “Waking you?”
“Yes.” He laughed, then passion filled his voice. “So I can show you all you mean to me.”
My cheeks warmed and I snorted. “Do you mean to ravish me thoroughly?”
“Your fantasies will pale in comparison.”
I sucked in a breath.
He loosed a hearty laugh.
“Well then, let’s delay no longer.”
With that, I rose and removed my leathers, then the braies as lightness filled my chest. Acker would be ravishing me shortly, if all went well. 
“Never having done this, I’m making things up as I go, but I want to feel you against me as we try. That is, unless you have any objections.” I grinned, not pausing to touch his temple. He was mine. 
I couldn’t hold back a laugh.
I threw the dirty rugs on the wood floor, then pulled back the two blankets. 
“Mmm, mmm, mmm.” My smile widened, relishing all that I would enjoy. 
He was a bit thinner than when I’d checked him for wounds, but all in all, his body had weathered the storm well, every glorious bit of him. Including those amazing wings. 
“What my hands long to do to you.” If he could talk dirty, I could, too. I snickered.
“But first things, first.” I straightened his legs, enjoying the view of his maleness, as I did.
Gooseflesh erupted on his skin, whether from the chill or my ogling, I couldn’t tell. I’d bank on the later.
“Getting excited, I see, love.” I added seduction to my tone as he had. “Me, too.” 
I lay down, facing him and scooted close until I felt him against me, but I wanted closer. 
“You’re going to love this, Acker.” My cheeks burned. We’d toyed with physical intimacy to this point, but I was about to go further. 
Reaching down, I scooped his generous manhood in my hand, then rested it on my inner thigh as I hooked my other leg over the pair of his. It felt good resting it at my core.
Finally, I returned a hand back to the side of his face.
“You’re welcome to play with it more.” He laughed.
I guffawed. “Oh, I plan to, but I wanted to wake you first so you can watch me.” 
He chuckled.
My smile faded, and I took a calming breath as I looked at his closed eyes, our breath mingling. I’d never done anything like this, but I knew magic. And that’s what this seemed to be, another form of magic. Unlike the various affinities inborn in each sorcerer, it seemed this was magic available to any who dared reach out and grab hold.
“We need to focus on becoming one in mind and soul, sharing a bond, willing it to be so.”
“As I have, my love.”
“Ready?”
“Mmm.”
I closed my eyes and imagined joining with Acker through a bond in which I could feel his heart beat; eavesdrop on his thoughts; see colors and sights through his eyes; feel rough, and smooth, and sharp, and bumpy, every texture possible with his hands; taste every sweet, or salty, or spicy flavor as he did; experience floral or woodsy or aromatic scents like he. I envisioned experiencing everything about the world, as he did.
Heartbeats later, I felt my body freeze, like a giant hand grabbed my chest, then locked my neck and head, my arms and then my legs. The accounts had mentioned something of the sort, but I’d never imagined it feeling so invasive. I couldn’t move, and panic washed over me. 
Then Acker started to scream.
My heart pounded as I fought with everything in me against the sudden and total paralysis, but to no avail.
Acker bellowed in my ear, agony unlike any I’d ever heard from a living being. 
I tried to call out, but my mouth was frozen shut. 
Another howl as Acker’s pain seemingly intensified.
My heart raced. Stop! Make it stop!
I felt something click, lock into place, and my arms regained movement. My hands cradled Acker’s face in a heartbeat, my gut turning to stone. 
“Acker, oh Acker.”
Then to the gods, I shouted, “Make it stop!”
Acker’s next cry was softer, but I cried out with him a heartbeat later as excruciating pain pierced my back. I arched away from the agony, but it didn’t lessen. 
Holy gods. Acker’s mental exclamation reverberated in my mind. 
“Acker, I can hear you.” It came out strained as I ground my teeth with the next wave of torment. 
“Onora?” He was no better off.
I hissed in time with him, focusing on breathing as I endured the next and next stabs of agony. Acker’s groans emanating in my head, amplified it, making my pain worse, so I tried to focus on breathing.
“Acker, I can… hear you… in my head.”
He groaned again, we both did, at the next round of torment.
“I can… hear you… too.” He panted. 
The pain seemed to go on and on, but, at length, an ache in my back replaced anguish, and I opened my eyes, trying to catch my breath.
I eased up enough to glance behind him, to where his beautiful raven wings rested.
They weren’t there.
He lost his wings. Sadness filled my heart. That’s what all that pain was; it’s the only thing that made sense. Sharing a bond, I experienced it right along with him. Was he mortal? Is that why there were no stories of mortal and immortal bonds? My thoughts begged to roam free, but I slowed them, focusing on him.
“Wake up, Acker. Open your eyes.” Please be able to, I thought to myself.
My heart pounded as his lids fluttered, then he squinted.
“It’s bright,” he said, drawing a hand up to rub his eyes. It was only the oil lamp; but being without light for as long as he had, it was no surprise.
I sucked in a breath. “You spoke. You moved. You’re awake.” Joy overwhelmed me, and I threw my arms around him, hugging him tight.
He’s awake. He’s awake. I reassured myself time and again having a hard time believing it was true.
He chuckled, seduction filling his voice as he eased me back until our gazes met.
I inhaled the heartbeat I saw his aqua eyes, as clear and bright as the depths of the most beautiful sea. They seemed to sparkle even in this light. 
They’re so beautiful.
Acker’s face had gone blank as he studied me. Her emerald eyes are like gemstones, awe filled his thoughts. Her nose is button cute. Her lips… Mmm. 
Without another thought, Acker leaned in and brushed my lips with his. He brought a hand up to cradle my cheek, then pressed the kiss deeper. Hunger seemed to spur him on, and his tongue stroked my lips.
Open for me, Onora. I need…
He need say no more. My heart sped and my breathing turned ragged as I opened and his tongue swept in, ravaging, devouring, claiming mine.
A moan escaped him as his tongue danced with mine, circling, playing, chasing mine until he retreated, sucking on my top then bottom lip. 
We’d enjoyed kissing before, but this was wholly different. It had just been inexperienced little me, guiding my lips against his, fulfilling my longing, but in this heartbeat, he was all that existed in the world. His passion, his desire, his eagerness consumed me, and I willingly surrendered.
 At length, he pulled away and I met his gaze again. He brushed my cheek with the back of his fingers. “You’re so beautiful. Feeling your face, my mind didn’t do you justice.”
I closed my eyes, unable to stand the compliment, because the way he said it, I didn’t feel worthy of being treasured.
“You are worthy, my love. All you did for me, I owe you my life. Now let me show you how I wish to adore you.” Acker pushed himself up on an elbow, wincing when his tender back moved, but he didn’t hesitate as he laid me back, then ran a hand over one, then the other breast, the tips rising eagerly to meet his affection. 
I was awash in sensations I’d never dreamed of as heat pooled between my legs. My mind could think only of him and my love for him as a flood of emotions replaced words.
His lips soon replaced his hands as he took to nuzzling, then nipping, then licking, then sucking on my pebbled flesh.
“Oh, Acker,” I moaned, overwhelmed by his passion.
I felt his lips smile against my skin as they continued doing amazing things to me.
You are my treasure, Onora. 
I nearly cried as he spoke the endearment in my head.
I’ve only begun. It came on a whisper between our minds.
And then he shifted and began planting a trail of kisses down my middle. My hips bucked, unable to hold still as his hands joined his lips, stroking, enchanting, pleasuring me, all the way down to the hair crowning the space between my legs.
My hands unbound the leather strap holding his long onyx locks. He chuckled, as it fell free, and I burrowed into it. 
I couldn’t get enough of him. 
But soon, he slid off the bed and eased my legs apart. 
I sucked in a breath as his hands started circling that part of me between them that burned ever hotter, taunting.
“Ohhh…” I grasp for something, anything to hold onto, finally latching onto the side of the bed.
Passion, it was all I could think of for the feeling that built in the core of my being. It grew and grew and grew, welling up in a way I’d no idea it could. 
I bucked my hips again and squeezed the bed all the harder, feeling completely out of control as Acker’s fingers continued stroking, that indescribable feeling nearly breeching. It would spill over the top of some invisible wall before long if…
What will happen…? I thought.
Let yourself go, my love. Enjoy every bit it.
Enjoy? I was panting, the sensation growing, growing… 
I screamed as the wave of sensations overwhelmed me, dragging me down, down into a swirling tempest of fervor, ardor, craving, desire, lust, and countless more emotions. 
Around and around and around. There was no past, no future, only now. There were no words, only feelings, only… this.
The raging tempest went on and on, but it finally began to slow, and awareness of the world nibbled at my mind. Slower, and slower, and slower it turned me until I was panting, coming to rest on a pleasing sandy shore. 
I eased my eyes open.
Acker’s smile from beside the bed couldn’t have been any wider. He was so incredibly beautiful with his sparkling aqua eyes, dimpled chin, and onyx hair falling gracefully over an olive-skinned shoulder. 
He rose, every glorious bit of him, and came around to the other side of the bed, then stretched out beside me again.
“Did you enjoy that?” 
Chapter Seventeen




The sky was pinking through the cabin windows by the time he’d enjoyed pleasuring me and had shown me how he most enjoyed being pleasured, more than a time or two. It felt like joining our bodies to what the bond had already created between our hearts, our very souls. 
“No one knows about you,” I said, my head laid on his shoulder, his arms wrapped about me, a hand stroking my arm. I ran my finger over the dimple in his chin.
“Then I suppose we should remedy that. And maybe get a bite to eat?” 
I sucked in a breath and drew a hand over my mouth. “I’m so sorry—” I’d been in such a rush to get here last night that nothing else had entered my mind.
He kissed the top of my head. “I’m just glad to be awake again.”
His wings, I couldn’t suppress the thought.
He’d clearly heard, because he said, “I will miss them, but they were not worth spending my life apart from what we now share.” 
Yes, what we shared. My heart nearly burst every time I thought about… us. We’d overcome his sand being, and his father would never be able to track him down. We were free to build a future together. 
“Do you suppose you’re mortal now, too?”
“I don’t feel any different, well other than soreness in my back, but since my wings were taken…”
So, probably so… I figured.
At my suggestion, we’d enjoyed bathing each other as part of our pleasure—I’d been surprised as I’d washed his back to find newly formed olive skin without so much as a trace of his wings. So with the sun fully up, we rose. 
I dressed, while Acker retrieved his stinky leathers from outside the front door where they’d, no doubt, been deterring any curious creature from coming anywhere near the cabin.
The fresh air had done them some good because they weren’t quite as offensive as I remembered, thank goodness, but there was nothing to be done about the open area in the back where his wings had been. At least his long hair covered much of the gap.
It didn’t seem to faze him, but I vowed to get him new leathers in a heartbeat. 
Acker shook his head as he closed the cabin door behind us. “Never in my wildest imaginings could I have conceived of all that happened since I stumbled in here.” 
I couldn’t help but laugh. “To think I found you because of a hare.”
“It could only have been the Fates.” Acker took my hand, and we headed down the creaky steps.
I squeezed his hand. “To new beginnings.”
He echoed, squeezing mine. “To new beginnings.”
Acker thrilled at the birds chirping, the squirrels scurrying, the wind moving through the trees, the smell of the fresh air, at every little thing as we made our way to the castle. 
He was a man with a new life—that I got to be part of—and he was drinking it all in. 
The guards at the gate barked the heartbeat they spotted us, off in the distance, then begged forgiveness when they recognized me. 
They schooled their surprise at my being outside the wall this early in the sun, but they couldn’t hide their raised brows as they took Acker in, hand in hand with me. No doubt we’d start quite the stir as soon as we were inside the portcullis and out of earshot.
Whispers and murmurs continued following us, after I acknowledged obligatory bows and curtseys, as we made our way, still hand in hand, through the halls and up the two flights of stairs to the inquisitors’ wing and my room.
Barric blanched the heartbeat he spotted me. “Princess.” He bowed quickly. then rose. His eyes peppered me with unspoken questions.
“Barric, I’d like you to meet Prince Acker. Acker, this is Barric, one of my guards.”
Acker smiled. “It’s very nice to meet you.”
I gave his hand a squeeze that Barric didn’t miss, but he would not be the first to get details. That honor belonged to Mother and Father.
“Barric, Prince Acker is in need of freshening up. Would you happen to know where he can get a clean set of clothes, something suitable for meeting the Emperor and Empress?”
My guard was sharp and I had no doubt he could procure something approximating Acker’s size from the host of costumes we inquisitors kept for a variety of occasions.
Bless his heart, Barric schooled his expression. He glanced down the hall, clearly debating about leaving me alone. 
“It’s early. We’re in the inquisitors’ wing. No one will harm me for the few heartbeats you’ll be gone.” I leaned forward and whispered, “And I still have my daggers on me should someone try.”
His eyes opened wide at that. 
Acker and I just grinned.
“If you’ll follow me, Prince Acker.” Barric held out his hand.
“Please show him to the males’ bath, as well, and get us both a bite to eat, if you would. I’ll be freshening up too,” I called after. 
I’d washed and put on a clean dress when Acker rejoined me in my room, sometime later.
He was wearing an aqua tunic that made his eyes stand out against his olive skin and set my heart fluttering. 
Mmm. Mmm. Mmm.
His hair was neatly pulled back in a leather strap, and he wore black slacks and boots. 
Boy, do you clean up well.
Acker chuckled through our bond, but his eyes didn’t stop roaming all of me, in my floral, high-waisted dress. We hadn’t planned coordinating colors, but the aqua in his tunic, matched the flowers in my dress.
“Ready?” I asked, holding both his hands.
His shoulders were tense. 
“They won’t bite.” I drew a hand to his jaw.
“I know. They may be your parents, but they are still the emperor and empress of this empire.” 
He took a deep breath.
“Once this is over”—I wagged my brows— “we’ll find someplace private to celebrate.”
You do know how to settle me.
I snickered. “Come on.”
Hand in hand, we headed back down to the ground floor, then made our way up to the royal suites. 
With any luck, Mother and Father were still in their rooms.
“Don’t tell them I’ve brought someone with me,” I told Allard, one of their oldest and dearest guards, as we entered their private dining room.
“Very good, Princess. Then if you’ll excuse me.” He smiled warmly, before turning.
It wasn’t long. Mother’s voice preceded her. “Why, Onora, to what do we owe—”
“Empress,” Acker bowed.
Mother tilted her head, looking Acker up and down as I closed the gap between her and me, and then I gave her a hug and kiss. 
 “Mother, there’s someone I’d like you to meet.” 
“Allard said my presence is also requested,” Father’s voice carried. “Is everything okay—” He strode to a stop beside Mother, brow furrowed. 
“Emperor Altairn,” Acker said, still bent.
“Please, rise,” Father said.
I moved over to Father, clad in a gray button-down shirt and black slacks, and hugged him.
“Mother, Father, I’d like you to meet Prince Acker of Dream Realm.”
Father inhaled sharply. Mother drew a hand to her periwinkle silk bodice—I loved that color on her, it made her pretty violet eyes really stand out. 
“Dream realm?” Mother questioned.
“Please, come in, come in. It seems we have much to talk about,” Father said, motioning us forward into the spacious living room that overlooked the wooded area behind the castle, we’d recently emerged from.
Acker took my hand, before following.
Mother and Father both raised a brow, then glanced my way.
Acker schooled his expression. I couldn’t keep the corner of my mouth from hitching. “No doubt they’re having quite the conversation through their bond.”
Acker chuckled through ours.
I sat in the middle of their white sofa, the low table before me. Acker took the space to my left, while Mother settled on my other side and Father took the adjacent armchair, beside her. 
“If you’ll pardon me, majesties, may I bring you anything?” One of their royal-blue-liveried stewards asked.
“Coffee for me, thank you,” Father said.
“I’ll have tea,” Mother said.
“I’d love a coffee,” I said. 
“Make that two, please, if you would,” Acker added.
“So…,” Father said once the steward left. 
Butterflies danced in my stomach. How to put into words everything Acker meant to me.
“Why not start with how you found me,” he suggested.
Acker took to rubbing his thumb on the back of my hand as I began the tale, our tale, of the Fates bringing us together.
I told them how I’d stumbled upon Acker while out of the castle “training.” I conveniently left out anything to do with Barric and our “understanding.”  
Mother kneaded her hands as I told them about being unable to wake Acker, no matter what I tried.
“So it wasn’t some inquisitorial case that prompted your questions the other night?” Father asked, remembering our dinner conversation.
I shook my head. A corner of Mother’s mouth rose.
Acker picked up the story, filling in the background about what had brought him here to begin with.
“I will let my family in Dream know, Acker. We cannot allow history to repeat itself,” Mother replied, once he’d finished.
I bit my lip. The story needed a conclusion… our conclusion. “So Acker and I have gotten to know each other.”
Acker kept his expression neutral, but chimed in, “Boy, have we.”
I squeezed his hand tight, trying to keep my cheeks from warming. “You’re not helping.”
He only chuckled.
Father reached over and put a hand on Mother’s leg. She covered it with hers. I’d seen them do it more times than I could count.
Would we be like them annums from now?
“I’d like that very much, love,” Acker said.
I took a deep breath. “From reading all of the accounts in the library, I figured out how I could forge a bond between us.”
Mother and Father exchanged surprised looks.
“It was the only way I could see to bypass a sand being and wake him.” 
“Onora, are you saying…?” Father’s voice rose.
“We formed a bond last eve. It’s why he’s awake at last.”
“You bonded…,” Mother murmured. “Oh, Onora—” Silver rose in the corners of her eyes as she looked at me, then Acker, then took my free hand in hers. “—you bonded.” She laughed.
Father practically leapt up and rounded the short table. “Congratulations.” 
Acker rose in time for Father to slide an arm around his shoulders, brushing the tender new skin on his back and making him tense, but Acker covered before Father noticed. 
“Thank you, majesty.”
“You bonded,” Mother said again, shaking her head beside me. “I’d no idea two beings could form a bond, themselves.” 
Father interjected, “After all you’ve been through, Acker, no doubt you won’t be needing, much less wanting sleep for a bit, but have you given consideration to leveraging Onora’s sand being, through your bond, to allow you to sleep, when you do?”
I furrowed my brow. Leveraging my sand being in order for Acker to sleep? Clearly there was a story there, but I’d no idea what it was. 
“Honestly, Father, I haven’t given that any study. I’ve been solely focused on waking him.” Relief at their reaction, drew a chuckle from me.
“Well when you’re ready, just let us know.” Father winked at Mother, whose cheeks pinked.
Yes, there was definitely a story there, a very juicy one it seemed, and I looked forward to finding out what.
Father added, “If you enjoy your bond as much as we enjoy ours, I’m sure you will find great fulfillment. We certainly have. I couldn’t be happier for you both.” He and Mother’s gazes locked. The love they shared was so clear.
Acker’s heart had been beating as fast as when we’d pleasured each other, but it accelerated further as he cleared his throat. “Majesty, with your permission, I’d like to marry your daughter.”
I inhaled sharply and drew a hand to my chest. “Oh, Acker, you’re so sweet, love.”
Father smiled. “I’m afraid I’m the wrong one to ask. Onora’s the only one who needs to consent as far as I’m—” He looked at Mother who grinned. “—we’re concerned.”
It was a tight squeeze, but Acker turned to me and took a knee between the sofa and short table as Father retreated back to Mother, drawing her close to his side. 
Acker took my hands in his. 
My heart raced as I stood there, gazing down into my love’s beautiful eyes. 
“My dearest Onora, my savior and my love, would you do me the honor of marrying me, allowing us to enjoy the vulnerability and intimacy that being bonded means, for as long as we both shall live?”
I could never have imagined loving someone as much as I loved him in this heartbeat, and my heart nearly burst.
“Yes, Acker, absolutely, yes.”
Acker brought my hands to his lips, then rose, cupped my face in his, and kissed me thoroughly.

________

Discover how Kovis and Ali (the emperor and empress) met and how they endured an abundance of trials at the hands of Ali’s father, Ambien, the god of dreams, in the completed four-book Sand Maiden series, a mashup of Morpheus and the Sand Man.

If you love books that connect with your soul, destined lovers, potent sorcery, and unique retellings of ancient myths, then you’ll adore binge reading L. R. W. Lee’s vulnerable, intimate, and gritty tale.

It all begins with Lullaby… Buy it now! 



FaceBook Fan Group
Did you have an emotional roller-coaster ride reading this book? Do you need others to talk to about it? 
Join The Sand Maiden FaceBook group 
All the feels and fanning you can handle! 

__________

Stay Informed!
There are four books in The Sand Maiden series.
To instantly receive notice when L. R. W. Lee releases another book or has news about other upcoming events, sign up here

__________

Connect with L. R. W. Lee 

BookBub has a New Release Alert. Not only can you check out my latest deals, but you can also get an email when I release my next book, by following me here: 
BookBub 

Website
FaceBook
Instagram
Pinterest
Goodreads


