When the Walls Walk Away

Published by Professor Mustard at Smashwords

Copyright 2020 Professor Mustard

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared, provided it appears in its entirety without
alteration, and the reader is not charged to access it. 
Discover these other titles by Professor Mustard at Smashwords.com:
Seducing Medusa, Sound of Mind – Adventures in Schizophrenia, Prison of the Gods – Your Mind is the Key, Tree Womb a Book of Poems, 
&
A Hole without Walls
CHAPTER 1
“Every star has a light and a shadow in their heart, and if you wait long enough, you will see the strings, and if you can see the strings you can begin to weave the tapestry.”  Love
“How long must I wait?”
“Oh, for five instant clicks or just for only half of an eternity, only for just half an eternity or five easy clicks.   A blink, that shutters, every new dawn of every new ring on every eye.  The ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL is rising, soon ALL will be visible through the window in the WALL.”
“But what does that mean? What will happen then?  Who will be responsible for what we see?  Who should we serve?”
“Your responsibility far outweighs the right to live.  Who do we serve?  We must serve the favorite entrees for the coming of the 2nd brunch of the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL, whoever serves the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL’s favorite entrees for the coming of the 2nd brunch is sure to gain great favor from the ALL, we have been in preparation for this event since the beginning of creation, since before the great break of the great breakfast.   Only now do we finally have the correct recipe book under our control, if it falls into the wrong hands, if we do not have the proper ingredients, if we do not serve the correct entrees, the ever so tasty, cooked correctly, delicious dishes, all will be lost.  More is at stake than the steak of your soul, all will be lost, choices are being made, rules broken, borders crossed, all the Factions of the Universe will be after the recipes.  We must be the ones to serve the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL the legendary meal for the coming of the 2nd brunch, We must, We must.  You will be the waiter, and wait upon the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL, and must wait here in this spot, where ALL is Aligned, for the signal to usher in the beginning of the coming of the 2nd Brunch, but be warned, once that happens, things are going to rearrange in such a way that will bring the quickest shortest food line to a head to get fed, the universe will rush in to give and allow the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL every cushiony custom convenience possible to ensure each bite of each dish is packed with such extraordinary ripeness and flavor and perfection that heaven will open up and swallow everything good and true.” The speakers eyes are a great distance away, and suddenly he is back and looks into the eyes of the new waiter with a soft loving kindness.  The speaker smiles and hands the other the pipe.  The waiter looks up at him, questions and doubts dissipate as he holds the holy relic, it is in the form of a man, as he lights it and takes a deep drag, and as the waiter’s feet  root into the ground and his body grows upright and turns to wood and he becomes a tree, all is revealed to him, and he laughs, laughing, his laughter ripples out into the cosmos like a small tug boat cresting waves.  His laughter continues as his mouth, open, grows larger and long limbs grow from his side, and his voice and humanness are lost in the grain of the wood.  The waiter continues spiraling up and growing as the Speaker continues to walk down the path, putting the bowl pipe away in his sleeve, “Yes,” he says, now the waiter, knows all that will happen, all the secrets, all the knowledge, all that the Speaker needs to know, all that would give him the favor of the Universe to be a god if hew so desired, all the things that he is gambling upon, now the speaker can ask but one favor, answer one prayer, he has thought deeply about which one to ask, cautiously he addresses the waiter, “Bring us a savior who will give all to bring about the miracle of true love,” he announces, the tree seems to bend, the limbs shake crackling erect, a voice of hidden mirth speaks out in the rumbling of leaves and bark, “When the three Kings who are one, enter the new kingdom,” it says, there is a pause, a shimmering of sunlight and shade, “Yes,” asks the speaker expectantly, highly anticipating the next bit of knowledge, the tree continues, “The Universe will be fucked,” then laughter laughter laughter. 

CHAPTER 2
Heal looks up at the distant horizon as the army of night gathers.  Dusk is ready to siege the early evening and is interrupted only by a gentle breeze.  Rain begins falling.  The lily pad clouds, the gods on their mounts, warring, leap above from cloud to cloud as thunder caps explode screaming above the dying moans of the wind blowing all around.  The shroud of darkness is adorning a heavier coat occasionally pierced by a lit vein of a lighting crash, in a stormy ushering of evening.  There will be no peace tonight.  No rest for the weary or the wet drenched rat.
The darkness has a thick coating sticking to the corners of Heal’s eyes like pancake batter.  There are no street lights nearby or lamp posts on this length of what has slowly regressed into a country lane, as nature reclaims this side of the rural city block.  The storm is taking form, thick black clouds mutate spawning from some dark polluted den of Krakens with thunder clapping inside, the clouds presently are thwarting any hope of a renegade star breaking free to shine its pool of radiance, Heal is walking in near absolute darkness.  
He nears, walking briskly, what could be a giant praying mantis fucking its beheaded mate, while she softly chews his head, but is actually the large treetop covering, with its huge canopy over the row of street shacks barnacled to the sooty side of the Red Strip, the Haven for every hacker, thief, pirateer, and anarchist on this side of the coastline.  With a sigh of relief, Heal removes his webbing from his backpack and slips it on.  The webbing is necessary to connect to the network, used to access any of the innumerable portal gateways into Mindville, the realm of different planes of reality, that is more a state of being then a place destination.  Most users who access it just assume the whole network was manmade and built by the steady technological advancement, only a few know the truth.  The network of Mindville was discovered, already intact, not invented by man.  No one knows who invented or where it came from it or really what it actually is.  The corporations were fast to implement security to keep most out, only a corporate or pirated account can access it, but once through the security the users here and in other Pirate Districts, become untraceable, making this portal a sore spot for the Corporations and very popular with the hackers and pirateers who make up most of the users in Mindville.  Mindville, the virtual reality used by every satellite and drone tank, every credit register and display screen, every account  registered on Mindville, there is much, much more ghost accounts in existence then for the amount of time their planet began could ever be possible, but the withdrawal from mindville is compared with something like, the shrinks compare the come down to ashen candy crank, the deadly drug, for those who strayed too long away from the dreamy surreal magical landscapes of Mindville.
Here, any account or thought can be refined, hacked, bought and sold, here any law corporate abiding citizen can access and use the pirated webs to enter the forbidden sweet ecstatic inner dwelling and lairs of deep sweet enchanted Mindville, where they can be anything, do anything.  They can be a super hero, a super villain, make love to a flower, give birth to a bear, relive a childhood memory again, be both a woman or man with all the sensations affronted them, anything, here the clock never ticks, the feelings are all full of delicious gravy and the hearts use love as a sense like sight or hearing and, here, they all are using fear and love as a high, and they smoke them to death and bare, and here, they all are users here.   
Heal, sits Indian style as he surveys the battlefield.  Across from him, his opponent, his best friend, Adam, is passing him the bong, and between them is a chess board.  Heal studies the board.  He is very, so very close to completing the pattern he set out years ago to create, it is very hard to replicate as it takes forcing his opponent to place their pieces in the exact spots needed to complete the pattern.  Chess is one of the few games that lends the opportunity for this to happen, he can visualize such beautiful patterns, each must be exactly nurtured and tended to, to complete, and very rarely ever materialize into anything more than an incomplete pattern, but now he is one move away from completing it.  It will be his crowning achievement.  Adam must move his black bishop up three and over three for it to work.  
Rushing sound of water bubbling as Heal clears the bong chamber and takes a hit.  He blows the smoke out over the battlefield.
Looking out the large sliding glass door beside him, Heal stares out at the city streets leading up the hill this house is perched on like a birdhouse nestled on a long boney skeletal arm.  He stares over the cliff at the beaches hugging the shore, the white caps of waves crashing against the rocky pilings, the tidal surge pulling at the crowded pier where a lone stray light from a small lighthouse blinks making its way across the sea.  A row of seagulls are circling, he can hear the wind moaning through the door and sees what was lost to him just moments before as he exhales out the smoke. 
“The zombies rule the night,” he says to himself.  BAM THUNK ERRRRT BAM THUNK ERRRRT Heal groans, in the distance the gatehouse door is swinging open and close, open and close.  He has to go out into the rain and secure the door before they lose half of their livestock to the coming storm.
Adam moves his black bishop up three and over three.
With a decisive move Heal slides his pawn up one.  “There!” he yells triumphantly.  “I did it!   It is complete!   WAHOOO!!!   Isn’t it!  Isn’t It so beautiful!”
“That was the stupidest move you could have made.” replies Adam.
“What?  Are you crazy?  Look at it?  Don’t you see the beautiful, intricate, pattern there?  Everything is perfect!  What, what are you doing?  Don’t move a piece!”
“My turn and….” Adam moves his Queen up  four and takes Heal’s White Bishop, “Check Mate.”
“Awww  you ruined it!” complains Heal as he stands to get up, “Gotto close the gatehouse door.” He says nodding in its general direction.  He slides the door open and steps outside into the rain and cold storm air.  He buckles his head down to avoid getting too wet as just then lightning crashes nearby.  As the light flashes it penetrates the darkness and BAM! Heal’s mouth suddenly falls, eyes bug wide open,  standing, standing right next to him, sudden movement, total darkness, he hears heavy breathing next to him and BAM!  A flash of light and a huge disfigured man, with large uneven teeth, is less than five feet away. The ogre of a man rushes him.  They both scream but the ogre’s scream is one of hatred.  Heal’s scream is silent in paralyzed fear.   There is a clap of thunder as the air rushes into the recant hole, BAM!  again, and then it is total darkness again.
Heal is paralyzed in fear.  Part of him is telling him.  Telling him to run, to move, to get the hell out of there but he cannot.  He does not know what to do.  The ogre….. it looks like, the ogre has a few dozen….   Arrow shafts in his body?
“AD…. AD….  ADAM!   ADAM!” Heal’s voice is raspy and comes out in agonized breaths,  “What the Fuck!   Adam!  Out here!”  He is backing up to the sliding glass door.
Lightning flashes again, the large deformed man, in a black armor uniform with strange insignia, has at least a dozen barbed arrows piercing him.  The Ogre has a stench of sewage mud and Heal can hear his rasps of air, heavy, heavy breathing, struggling for breath, the Ogre’s mouth opens but no sound comes out as he falls over and is struggling on the ground, thrashing in the middle of a puddle of black blood.  In the strange Ogre’s hands, is clasped a metal canister. 
The lightning dies and it is pitch black again.  Heal shaking violently turns his cell light on and, frozen in place, in fear, shines the shaking light slowly at the stranger, “Need….   help?” Heal finally manages to say..  The Ogre is staring at him, with a look of concentrated hatred.  The strange ogre says a word Heal does not understand, then stares at Heal, and in a Fuck you snarl, the ogre suddenly grabs for a long black dagger, curved along his waistline as the ogre rises violently.  In a suffocating exhale, the strange Ogre gasps, the dagger falls out his hands.  He shrieks out and crumples over, head and his neck sagging to the side, as a stream of blood comes out of his thick parted boily lips.
“What the Fuck!  Whatthefuck!  Whatwhatthefuck! Adam!  Adam!  Adam!   Get your ass out here!”  Heal is still frozen in spot, paralyzed in fear, and has to actively will his legs to move.  In no hurry, he slowly walks over to the man.  Carefully.  Delicately.  He reaches and nudges the mans side with the toe of his boot.  “Adam!   I think he’s….”  He kicks the man more aggressively.  “I think this guy is dead!”  
The small metal cylinder the man was clutching in a seemingly death grip, suddenly, rolls out of his dead man’s hands as if spring loaded and comes to rest at the cuff of Heal’s feet.  With a small shriek, face a mask of petrified fear, Heal bends down and picks it up. 

CHAPTER 3
Time dements in the hallway like a fermenting jar of yams and Heal realizes someone is talking to him, it is the doctor, the man in white.
“Heal, I have some distressing news.  Heal.  Heal, I feel we have grown a lot from our little conversations and I have really gotten to like you, really, so I am very sorry to have to be the one to tell you this, but Heal, your blood tests came back and..”
The smoke is slowly seeping out the corner of Heal’s mouth, as his lips form in a smile and he blows, through his smile, a perfect spiral of smoke into the thick ivy that is growing on the side of the drain gutter hanging loose over the small debauchery of aluminum and brick and wood with white peeling paint spanning overhead the caged picnic area.  Heal is sitting on an old picnic bench, next to the cracked pavement of a faded basketball court that nature is reclaiming, the hoop chain is rusty and missing links, the backboard bent with seven painted on its faded dirty off white background.
“Heal?  Do you understand Heal?”
“Isn't it so beautiful?” says Heal, his eyes take in the number of steps the ant marching across the picnic table to whatever grassy knoll and beyond destination it lumbers towards, he watches as its antennae sniffs the air and it carefully plots its next spot to place its legs so gracefully as it dances across the chess board that is the picnic table.  A loose pinecone gumball, the suicidal bishop, rolls into position carried by the wind.  It is a good move, accompanying Heal’s knight.  It makes Heal smile.
“Heal, Heal, can you focus, I have some distressing news to share with you.”
Heal looks up and smiles at the man.
“Your blood test came back positive for the Martian Flu, Heal, you have about a month max to live.  I am very sorry,  It is irreversible, incurable, there is nothing we can do, you have about a month, maybe a very little more, before your lungs collapse.”
Heal looks up from his seat on the park picnic bench, he stares at the doctor then at the faded number seven on the basketball hoop backboard and he takes another deep drag and has a laugh.
The cracked cement of the court looks perfectly placed inside the faded white foul lines painted in a box as an effective barrier of space, cross them and risk going out of bounds, to cross them is to give up control of the ball, and forfeit any chance of scoring a point.  Don’t cross the border, the only point of the boundary line is to make it harder to score, the point is to score a point,  Heal looks up at the doctor wearing a white jacket and fidgeting with his pen as he grasps his clipboard close to his body a little too lovingly, “Did you hear me Heal, you have about less than a month to live.  There I said it.  I am so sorry.”
“It’s the injections you have been giving me,” says Heal, “The medicine you forced me to take,”
“Well, there is a similarity with a rather very rare side effect from the antipsychotics you have been given, a lesser of two evils, don’t you know, you don’t want to be completely insane, I know your memory doesn’t serve you well, but it is because of those injections that you have stayed so anchored in reality and sanity, you don’t remember what it was like before, now do you.”
A brief pained smile crosses Heals lips, then it dies.  Heal looks into the doctors wide wincing eyes then past him at the tree outside the fence and then at the mulling security guard stand just earshot away and dressed in full riot gear near the entrance to the facility.
“You guys are killing all of us, why?”  Do we threaten you?  Are we a threat to society?”
“What?  No, no, that is exactly why you take the medicine, extreme paranoia is but one symptom of your psychosis.  You must look at this logically, you had more a chance of winning the lottery then contracting this disease, the Martian Flu.  It is a terrible shame and very bad luck, but no one can say when it is time to depart back home, your maker must need you back very badly, look at it like that.  That makes it a lot easier,  Just say to yourself you are going home.  We gave you three good years of sanity, that’s priceless my dear boy, don’t you know, however there was a cost, you contracted a rare disease nicknamed the Martian Flu, funny thing, if you were on Mars you would survive and actually be able to breath in the Martian Air, but there is no way to get you there that fast.  You will not be able to breath in the earth’s atmosphere after a few days and we will have to keep you in a very special room, but that is just a temporary fix as after about a month your lungs will collapse completely, unless you have Martian Air, and we do not have the proper funding or facility to accommodate you here for too long.  But your passing will be painless, I promise, I will give you a shot before it gets too bad.”
“Yes, God has called you back, punched in your time card, you could say, and you are going home where you will, I presume, stand before a type of trial, tell me, have you lived up to your life’s purpose?  Have you accomplished your life mission that you were sent down here for?  God, in His infinite wisdom, has orchestrated all of this for reasons only He knows, take comfort in the fact that your soul has grown in interest during your visit here, my boy!  You know, because of our research together, the mental health field has grown by leaps and bounds!  That’s quite a nice feather to put in your cap!  You are returning home a hero my boy!”
Heal nods his head, “I would like to spend the remainder of my life back at my house at the beach, some people I would like to see, some places I want to go.”
“Now, now, Heal, you know we cannot ever let you leave here after what you did.  No I am afraid that is impossible.”
“What did I even do?  I cannot remember.  You wiped my memory clean with your shock therapy treatments.”
“Trust me my boy, you don’t want to know, no you don’t want to remember, no best you die here in what peace you can have, we will do our best to accommodate you here for your last days, but no, you may never leave this facility.”

CHAPTER 4
Heavy knock on the observatory asylum door.  Shuffle of feet.  Sound of voices in high emotion mutterings.  Scrambling of keys clinking and Heal eyes closed sitting on a small wash towel in yoga style meditative pose feels someone close.  Door crashes open and vigorous shaking on his arm as he hears the Doctor yelling out his name.
“Heal!  Heal!  Wake up!  Snap out of it!  There has been a drastic change of events!  Horrible!   Horrible news!  Earth has been invaded!  Invaded!  By Martians!”
Heal feels his halo sink beneath his fifth chakra then he partially opens his eyes.
The man in white is hovering by his dirty sink.
“Dreadful News!  Dreadful!  They dropped millions of kiloton canisters full of poison gases, only breathable by Martians, they are changing our atmosphere to suit them.  We are being suffocated,  it's deadly to breathe in, unless you are a Martian or…” the doctors eyes beam with a fevered glow, “you have the Martian flu!  Who would have guessed?  Who could forsee this turn of events?  Your blood might now be the only thing that can save me… I mean us.  We have to take you to the Crisis Space Lab in Lavendory, a few hexes away. We need to run tests on your blood.  You may or may not be Earth’s only hope!”
“We are giving you a slight sedative!  Nothing to be alarmed!  It will just make you sleep so we can easily transport you.   We are going to run some simple tests on you and your blood.  We need an antidote you see.  We won't use it all up.”  Heal feels a prick of a needle in his neck.
“There there, you’ll be sleeping like a baby soon, won't notice a thing!”

CHAPTER 5
Heal awakes to the rumbling of a motor and static on the radio.  His eyes open and he finds himself on a bundle of bags in the backseat of a jeep that is fork-knifed on the side of the road.  In front of him is shattered glass where the doctor is half through the windshield next to the body of the orderly and a dead deer, all three bodies entwined in a puddle of glass shards and mixed blood and intestines.  Heals hands are lightly bound in front of him.  The jeep’s hood is a little smashed.  Heal struggling gets up and is able to sever his binds.  He sits there a moment.  He pulls the deer and the bodies of the other two off the jeep.  The Jeep is packed with survival gear, he fills up the tank with a spare gas can.  In the front seat in a biohazard box Heal sees seven hypodermic needles full of a greenish liquid.  He snaps it shut, gets behind the wheel and spins away.
Heal sees a pattern.  He senses more than sees the holes and openings in the traffic pattern.  The Jeep is reved up over maximum, engine in red, maximum speed as he cuts and dips swoons and weaves in and out of traffic, dodging diving, like a suicidal bullet as he races home.  Home the garden of eden he was tossed out of,  Home the dream he stopped believing he would ever have again, Home, where his love last lied.
Night flash.
“You waited for me,” he says beaming to his soul mate.  She looks so thin, like an unraveled doll.
“Truth, I thought you long dead.” she says tears bursting out her eyes, “But I couldn't leave, I missed you.  Oh I missed you.  They took you from me and I missed you!  I missssssssed you!” she is crying bawling in his arms.
“Now I can die.” she says, “The Martians are invading.”
Heal withdraws the safety cap off one of the needles and saying a quick prayer injects her with what he hopes is the serum to the Martian Flu.
Every star has a light and if you look at it long enough you will see its string, Icicle is sizzling next to him, in his arms, she gripping, hugs her arms tight around him as they slowly dance to the sounds of the midnight muse singing on their doorstep.
Heal is staring up at the stars, “You know, I almost, almost see a pattern.  I can almost make sense of it, just.. missing….. something…  I can almost see a pattern there in the stars.”
Icicle smiles into his chest, “You see such beauty in everything, you make sense, patterns, out of the most  random disorganizations, some of the things I thought most ugly you have shown me a different perspective, one of beauty.  It is as if you see only love in your eyes, I thank you for that.”
Heal turns her body so she is facing him, he says “If I see any beauty in this world it is because of you, your heart is so big, so full of love, I see such beauty in the way your brows ripple over the jewels of your sun lit orbs rising up from some unspeakable depth, eyes that when I stare into them I get lost in another land where everything is right, you have the most sweetest best the most love of anyone I have ever known, the infinite depth of your heart knows no evil, no dark, no hate, it is as if you have been touched by our maker, and I know it was fate and more that brought us together, and I know I will never leave you.  Never.  We are joined forever my love and you have the sweetest ass in the land.”
A tear is running down Icicles cheek, Heal continues, “Beauty as a lone seed grows into a tree of a deep expression rooted in the deep eternal depth of your heart and strays into the earth of your welcoming open body with the love shining down upon it, beauty grows up and into a grand canopy stretching out and inside your iris between each blink the love in your heart spreads like a fire of life burning, and soon an entire forest of trees is in your deep contemplation staring back at me, you let me in.  I see the real you.  And then you blink.  And reel it all in.  And put the mask back on, and it is all gone, hidden from the rest of the world, but I know.  Only I know.   I see the remainders of it, I feel the heat from its fresh warm release, I know what you are capable of, my little dynamite girl, Ice, I know the love that dwells there deep in your soul.  In you I see only love and beauty, that is your gift and I thank you for it.”
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, I suppose,” she kicks him slyly.
“Love is in each new Golden Dawn’s heart,” he says back to her as she squeezes him tightly and tenderly her lips find his and the night becomes one warm coat they wear inside out again together.
“I think almost everyone is dead.  On this planet.  The Martians are coming.  Unless that was a rouse, a conspiracy to kill off everybody.”

CHAPTER 6

“Can you believe it?  The SyCo, Systems Computer, says there are three key ingredients on this flying turd of a planet!  And they are all gathered within a Tupperware cubic of themselves!”
“I told you these back world planets were the key!  So rich in raw provisions and untainted flavor, the ingredients are listed as key for the Sweet and Sour Harbinger Meat Loaf surprise, the main dish requested for when the All Outside the Wall returns for the 2nd Brunch!  With this dish we will gain tremendous favor with Him!  The ingredients are being tracked.  They are all three together!”
*
Heal is paralyzed, he cannot move, but he can still see and hear what’s happening around him.  The knight in blue and gold armor, his helmet has a fistful of sharp spikes shooting out of the left side, empty on the right, and through the eye slits Heal sees eyes that are large and calculating.  Shaking his head back and forth to remove his helmet, the knight grunts.  The knight reveals himself to be humanoid, but what’s more, what paralyzes Heal even further than the poison running through his veins, is the man in blue armor is…. is… an exact clone of Heal.  He could be Heal’s twin,   His helmet in one hand he wipes his face with a rag, he is wearing a respirator, steam rises from the knights freshly exposed skin and gear and smell of unwashed body odor gives way and invades Heal’s nostrils, thick and pungent with the smell of funk.  There is a ring of grime around the knight’s neck line where the knight’s helmet was sealed shut, it is obvious he hasn’t removed his helmet in quite some time, he walks over.
The knight scratches at his scruffy beard, with a moon, a crescent shaped scar running across his eye, and he squints at Heal as if Heal is as much a mystery to him as he is to Heal.  Heal’s eyes dart down to where Ice lays, she hasn’t moved since Heal woke up.
The other man, wearing similar armor, still has his helmet on and begins packing up their makeshift camp as the bearded knight taps the cyber parrot sitting on his shoulders, and says “Sing, ask your SyCo, the analyses of menu items for the All Outside the Wall’s 2nd Brunch.”  He says it with a bit of what sounds like pride and respect and eagerness.
The humanoid talks in another language of clicks and chirps and the cyber parrot squawks, “Two Class A Key ingredients for the recipe Sweet and Sour Harbringer Meatloaf surprise, First  Ingredient ZIDK83947, the eye of the beholder, obtainable from the male species labeled Heal Light, the second class A ingredient, obtainable from the female labeled Icicle Star Halo, VFTHJ5438 has what is needed for the main fillet, a heart of gold, both ingredients are native to this planet, third ingredient is a Class C marinade for the gravy sauce, OPUIO8746,  that is to be applied in the final stages of the recipe, it is in the flask around the Males wrist, it is called Milk of Medusa, obtained from the Starving Artists Beta Systems stolen by a forager, an agent of the CLOG.  The one we have been tracking for the past three systems, he led us straight here!  The CLOG is invading this system beltway.  We should grab the ingredients and cruise!”
“Where is the Agent of the Clog now?  The Forager?  Did he escape?”
“Scanning planetary records, scanning confidential, reading maps, inventions, data streams, all literature and media, narrowing to news, ha ha ha It’s a dogs life yo, Reading reading, found it, Entry of Alien body discovered three orbits ago, backs up, corresponds with our data, the CLOG agent is dead.”
The bearded man who could be Heal’s twin grins, then as if remembering where he is grimaces again, “Any cooking directions for the butcher to follow, what parts of animals are actually needed?”
“Male, only one eye of the beholder is required, but two would ensure a backup for extra flavor in case the first goes stale, Female, we need the whole heart.  Freeze immediately.”
The man nods, strokes his chin, “Well,” he says in their general direction, “Sorry about this I really am, but you are some prized meat in a hungry universe, you will be served to your God on a beautiful plate in a godly spread, I’ll make this quick.” And he grips his sword hilt on his back, pulling out his long two handed sword, as he approaches the pair of them.
Heal, his heart beating in rapid massive beats, looks down at his girlfriend, Ice.  She cannot move, but he looks in her eyes, he sees the deep beauty, the source of his love, that is flowing out of her, like a spring geyser, like a signal from a satellite dish broadcasting out to him as if he was an antennae and for the first time in his life, he sees fear in his girlfriend’s eyes tearing up and they, the tears build, running down her cheek.  Suddenly he is free from the effects of the paralyzing poison.
He, can now feel Ice’s hand in his own, and gives her a tight squeeze.  He grips his boot knife just as the bearded man lifts up his huge sword to swing.  Suddenly time stops, Heal fully withdraws the boot knife and leaps at the man, In midair, digging the knife into the knight as the knight, suddenly registering a threat yells “How the fuccc..!.” the Knights sword slowly comes down,  the knight behind Heal, connects his large maul into Heal’s chest in full swing, and as Heal’s bootknife digs into the knight, the last thing Heal sees is his girlfriend, Ice, close her eyes, he feels a motion of the passing blade from the large two handed sword the bearded knight is swinging, Heal hears himself scream screaming screaming “NOOOOOOO!  NOOOOOOOOO!   NOOOOOOOOO!”  And with a blow to the side of his body, and to his chest, and face, pain insurmountable strikes, igniting the watchdog fuse of his prepared demon, and in a turning point, all goes dark and Heal crashes into welcome oblivion.
  

CHAPTER 7
The Lady Dominknight stands on the edge of Oblivion and stares.  She had done this all before, perhaps too many times.  The Lunar Atlantis, shooting its third anti-gravity chain into the solar sun, glides across the space battlefield of now what is a harvested ship graveyard and gravity deposit.  Pieces of freighter hull and foreign matter bombard their shields.  The debris are consumed by the high energy fields of the shield feeding on their substance.
The battle was extensive, and one sided.  Nothing here challenged the Star Titan battleship.  Threats eliminated, now the Lunar Atlantis, opens and recharges its empty psionic cells used in battle.  It begins countdown for the end of this galaxy, feeding on the star matter, the yoke, the blood of God.
It took a few orbits to clear the wreckage.  Time always an unstable hand to ante too, what may appear moments here, can flash years to the planets outside the sun’s shielding rings.  Now most of the natives believed they were some type of angry God to worship and appease, as if death and God and worship can be defined and labeled and boxed and shelved.  She didn’t much relish the fact that wars and large live sacrifices were being committed in her name.  The added suffering seemed pointless, but considering their planets would soon be hurled into the bottom of the ocean of space and devoured, it really didn’t matter.  Still she wanted them to enjoy their passing.  What did you teach me my beloved Salt?
My old friend, you once said everything in life will, one day, become a book end on a shelf, but how I wish and want to be a book.  Now, the defenders are clinging to orbit, soon to be devoured by the unstable whirlpool of solar rings, like a boulder tossed into a calm puddle, the energy ripples will rip everything apart made of mass and matter, as their sun becomes yanked out of its orbital hold in space.
Walking back to the Drum Circle of Prophets, “Now we will steal this light galaxy of its star.  It is almost too easy,” she says, her smile hidden beneath her mask.
Suddenly the boarding alarm goes off.  “What?”  The Lady Dominknight immediately looks for the threat, is the enemy boarding?  How?
“Track invaders.”
“The enemy is untrackable, must be cloaked ma’am, wait, there are sun shadows beneath the star matter, they thought they were being very cunning.  We would of never of noticed them if it wasn’t for the psionic heat sensors we placed around the sun which they knew nothing about.  We can track their heat signature’s, even this close to the sun.  Just a few more counts, hold on, hold on, now, with the heat of the outside cannons and exhaust of the Al Prod drones eliminated we have…
…yes we have them!  Multiple targets.  Thousands of them.  We are locked.  They are attempting entry through the forth chain hanger.”
“Arm all raid stingers, pay load them with psionic heated homing sensors.  Fire at targets.” 
“And raid stingers are launched and away!”
“Shit!  Traces suddenly cold, heat signatures disappeared!  They are ghost projections!  It’s a distraction, our stingers, they are..
“Quick self-destruct them, do not let them..”
“…they are traveling past the attempted targets and retargeting the sun.”
“Our self-destruct sequence has been hacked, they are impacting the erupting star, it is unstable, it is going seismic, it, it, it, will decompress in 300,000 counts.  We are chained to it!  We cannot..”
“Sever the chains, evacuate, send in the Stallions.  Find whoever is responsible.  Bring me their head!”
“Done.. but.. by our own hand, this is lost to us.”

CHAPTER 8
Leafdreams drops a bead of yoke into the water puddle, he searches with his mind and opens the channel.  A picture begins to materialize on the puddle’s surface.  Suddenly it takes shape, he sees a visual of a bundled up figure in an artic storm.
Star’s lips move rapidly mouthing words in the icy cold.
“What?  What? I cant make you out.  Repeat, what are you trying to say?”
Urgently, more now, she lets her scarf fall off her face and lifts her snow mask exposing her whole mouth.  She darts her head back at something behind her, then still talking she yells.
 Leafdreams can barely hear her voice over the moaning wind and a deafening grinding  of metal ripping metal, a stabbing of heavy static, coming through a weak frequency  connection.
“The Mule!  The Mule system!  ask… Why did the man,” suddenly a bright flash and the puddle loses its visual but Leafdreams can still hear Star’s voice being almost drowned out by a loud growling thunderous screech…  “Ask him ‘Why did the man cross the road!’ Enter the Mule System and wake the One King Bup!   Oh the ALL don’t let me….” And then all is silent.

CHAPTER 9
The breeze blows ash from the burnt straw and wood huts and piles of smoking bones, some still, loosely attached with flesh and sinew, copper plate armor and woven straw and cloth, others more scattered. Ash from the smoking forest dances across King Ark’s face and darkly clothed body, carrying with it the stench of cooked meat, burnt hair, and death.
“Who?”
“9lobes and his army of lobotomy zombies,”  he opens his cloth sack and dumps out of it a large severed head, it looks reptilian with scales, eyes bright amber, wide open above its snarling mouth and long squid nose, there are two horns protruding from its head that are still squirming back and forth, on second look they are two huge leeches that have dug in and buried themselves into its brain, “he pledges allegiance to one called the Wyrm Queen.”
“Why?  What was the reason for the invasion?”
The Sergeant at Arms bows his wooden head down, not meeting his commander's gaze, now staring at the red embers burning the manicured flower petals in the garden.
“They stole it.”
“Stole it?”
“They stole the Queen’s recipe book.”
“Which one?”
“They stole her Spoon Bread recipe book.”
“No!  Of All Creation!  That one? The prize award winning rainbow ribbon recipe she invested her soul into?  It has been safe in our protection since the creation of time!  How did they get past her pet beast?  How could they know it is the favorite dish of the ALL outside the WALL?  How?  Did one of the Guardians break?  When the ALL outside the WALL returns for His 2nd Brunch, whoever offers the Dream Raven Queen’s Spoon Bead will gain tremendous favor!   How could you let this happen?  Send out the Scouts, track them, track them across the cosmos!  Send the dogs!  Call in all the reserves from all the outposts!  Sound the drums!  We go to war!”
The Sergeant of Arms pummels his fist to his chest and bows, standing up straight and tall and with a cracking of wood snapping, his wooden rib cage opens up.  He releases a jet black raven, black as midnight oil, the raven flies from out his chest.  The Raven, his heart, escaping, rises from his chest and circles once, gives a loud shrill “Caw, Caw!” and disappears into the night. 

CHAPTER 10

A Hellhound lowers his head, body rasping, cold, death, harpoon lodged deep in its red chest, he gingerly places his burden down, a bundle of rags.
Hellhound snarls at the three riders approaching and closing in, he, using the last of his energy, the last of his strength, drained, he stands at attention growling, guarding his burden.
Hellhound to Stallion nearing, “We fall from the same womb, my Brother, and I have wait and wait for this moment have killed and betrayed and you follow man’s creations when you know what price we pay.  The soul they have stolen?  I need only make it to the trees to be free.  This bird will fly, and blossom into light!”
Stallion to Hellhound, “Run Fight Trample Ride, Brother, I honor the pact our ancestors made, horse for man, I will not break it, not for you, the god, the forest, or anyone, I can only stand beneath man’s hand, my master opens the doorway to hell and I run in it.”
“Then I bite and chew on your bones I suck your marrow dry, feeding until ash and embers die growing deep into the depth of darkest night.  I fight, I claw, I bite, I carry this light across where death’s roses grow, across heaven and hell.  We will be free.  You open the doorway to hell and I will pull you in.  Don’t let me die in vain.”
The Hellhound stands in front of the closed wooden case, protecting it with his body, then charges and grabs the first stallion by its metallic neck with his jaws pulling it down in a massive blood curdling growl, leaping to the second, as the third Stallion tramples across the space corridor where the hellhound, trapped now between the wall and Stallion, instantly hacks into the nearby automated secondary gun turrets.  The turrets turn their barrels from spaceward to aim down at their own Stallions, and the second stallion is blown apart by the turret laser now attempting to target the third.  The Hellhound crouches to spring, but as he lifts into the air, the last stallion aims its master canon and blasts the Hellhound in the head.  The fiery inferno punctures the Hellhound’s body where it impacts and detonates blowing off a chunk of his shoulders and skull.  The hellhound is propelled by the explosion, and hurtles out of the protected shielding and into open space.  He becomes lost in the ship graveyard of debris and waste.
The Stallion, its rider reformatting the shield and automated turrets, pauses a moment scanning and tracking then turns and returns to the ship hanger, “Threat neutralized,” calls the Stallion’s rider.
The hellhound plummeting into open space, jaw opens in a last howl, then sound sucked away in the void and body locking in the coldness of space, dies.
There is a stir from inside the bundle of rags.  A tiny string of light extends from the sealed case, a bright glowing thread, shoots out like a small comet and following after the hellhound, connects.  The glowing string, like a leash, attaches to his heart and the hellhound’s body begins to glow in a slow yellow hue.
There is an abrupt lurch from within and the hellhound’s eyes spring open.  It gasps gulping air and colliding on its back it falls back into the ship's orbit and claws at the side of one of the space silos along the huge Lunar Atlantis.  The hellhound, snarling, slashes open a porthole, scans and hacks the security code, a talent it paid a heavy price for, half cyber, half organic, the ability gained from wearing an electric crown of thorns.
The hellhound has multiple sores and wounds on its bare radiated skin.  Veins pump around a battery core in its chest and dried blood and mucus highlight the trenches of its eyes, but what makes it a hellhound, is the devil’s eye cactus that grows from the top of its head.  To transplant this rare cactus, its roots must be precisely implanted into the delicate exact reaches of its brain.  The ancient technology of the procedure now long lost has been proven impossible to recover, but there are miracles performed in the universe every day.
The Wyrm Queen supplies the fresh meat for the White Coats to experiment on, millions of slaves, and they are being slowly extinguished.  They suffer so the White Coats can study and research through tortuous operations, tested upon, to acquire the lost knowledge of how to successfully transplant the devil's eye’s roots into the brain’s lobes.  Every orbit only half a dozen may survive the operation, and even less survive sane.
The hellhound’s furless back exposes the defined outline of a tampered by science and misaligned spine.   Metal implants crown its skull and vertebrae, attached around the devil’s eye cactus, with plugs to add on devices to sync its brain with circuity and organics.
The hellhound, victim of a military experiment, having a cruel and abusive upraising, it bars its teeth and it looks up. Its eyes, bloodshot, survey a cruel world that tortures the weak, one that it cannot afford to trust.  Its eyes, they roll around in pain, but there’s no escape from its head.
There is a small commotion down the space hanger hall as a Space Janitorial Scavenger Ship, a small Toaster model, lands alongside the porthole that two armed Al Prods, Artificial Life Products guard.  The guards turn and study the ship as it begins hurriedly going through the space cargo and debris looking for scrap metal and collecting space dust and minerals.  There is no sense of urgency to the janitorial ship, while the rest are furiously trying to flee.  It is a little suspicious.
As the guards, alert, make a move to halt the ship, the hellhound suddenly sees a blast of light and two fist sized holes burn through their heads, one is able to raise his sardine slicer, before he topples over, decommissioned.
“Over there,” yells the pilot, “that porthole, that’s where the client asked us to find our stowaway.  Said we would know him when we found him.  They are overlooking us for the time being, but will notice us soon.  Lets get this done.”
The hellhound, watches as the small fighter hovers close by.  The hellhound keeping tight hold of the chest in its jaw crawls towards the porthole.  It is the shortest path to the hanger.  The hellhound, loyal to its burden, it staggers to the edge of the space coral reef built layer upon layer upon the hull’s side of the mighty Star Titan.  It jumps in the porthole and lands in a heap next to the pilot.  

CHAPTER 11

Tri Hex pauses as he picks at the lock in the porthole floor.  It pops open.  Inside, the hellhound, guarding the port, its bark causes it to cough out blood, and comes out in a growling greeting.  It struggles to get on all fours.  The hellhound stands lopsided as if it’s legs are sucked clean of meat.  They shake vigorously back and forth, and he falls over.
Tri-Hex studies the hellhound for a quick few seconds.  The hellhound bars his teeth and Tri-Hex smiles in a more vicious grin of his own.  His orbiting SyCo, systems computer, takes a quick orbital prism of the hellhound and Tri-Hex clicks upon it and his body changes instantly and becomes the hellhound.  One hellhound stares into the eyes of another.  Hungry eyes.  Tri-Hex has seen this look before.  Hungry for death.  Tri Hex turns the hologram off and raises his blaster to shoot the hellhound in-between the eyes if he threatens him, but then, instead, lowers it. This is the stowaway they are paid to deliver.  But one does not innocently give the devil a ride.  This is some major beef, a hellhound for a passenger is like traveling with armed climber bombs ticking in his lap.  But something about this one stops him.  Tri-Hex offers the hellhound his hand.  The hellhound lunges at him, getting close, then closer, till its snarling lips touch Tri Hex’s hand, and it looks into his eyes, then mouth opens wide, it looks again at Tri Hex and licks Tri-Hex’s palm.
Tri-Hex aims his blaster at it and shoots the hellhound in the neck, shooting off the shock collar around its throat, the metal shackles of the chain pop off, “I cant carry you buddy, but if you can walk out of here with me, I promise you a ride out of here.” 
The hellhound looks at Tri-Hex, and leaps at him,  but it walks two feet and falls like it is jumping on a grenade to save the platoon.  Tri Hex sighs, drops a bag of sacked loot he acquired, abandons the goods, the gold statue, the jewel chess board, and he puts the backpack full of the motherboards from all three consoles onto his back.  He stoops down and goes to lift the bundle of purple linens wrapped around the small wooden case but the hellhound bars its teeth in a growl and scoops it up.  
Tri Hex opens the gang plank leading into the fighter squadrons Toaster2X cockpit hatch.  It is a ship that got its name by resembling a large toaster.  He drags the hellhound the 2nd half of the way.  Tri Hex’s hands slick with fresh blood, the hellhounds scabs reopened, cracking, beneath the weight of his hands.
Tri-Hex walks the hellhound to the back of the ship so he can be more comfortable, the hellhound suddenly rises up and with its paw, a long thin claw extends out and it viscously swipes at Tri-Hex’s face, scratching him deeply.
“Ow yow!”
The hellhound growls, “Earned .”
Back in the cockpit Tri-Hex holds a rag to his eye.
“That’s gonna leave a scar,” says Sing.  “Tell me you brought that huge ox of a dog in here with us as food.  Tell me we are going to have some meat finally and eat the fucking dog.”
“Stowaway picked up and will be delivered as promised with a bonus for speed,” Says Tri Hex smiling, dabbing at the wound.  The blood is still pouring out, looks like a crescent moon scar over his right eye.  “He just needs to settle in.”
Sing rolls his eyes and shakes his head, “Get out the butterfly net then, we can search this asteroid belt for some frozen astropod larva.  Bugs again, yum yum.”
“Good protein for your hairy ugly as sin face.”
“The stowaway has some pretty extensive bruises.”
“The emergency first aid kit is on the medics back.  The medic is crawling around here somewhere, a spider leg Al-Prod.  They told us how to summon it in the pre-inspection of the walk through for damages done to the ship before they rented it out to us.  Let’s see, they made it easy, umm.. oh yes, the command words to summon it is, Doctor Marvelous Help!”
Suddenly there is a clattering, a tapping of metal on metal, and soon the spider Artificial Life Product Doctor comes crawling down from the ceiling.  He looks like a small pickle wearing a mustache crouched on spider legs.
“Doctor Marvelous here to save the day!  Ahuum someone need a spare organ, or two, an emergency, not an enlarged penis or anything hhuh gentlemen, although judging by your silence I see perhaps you both would like two large penises, that’s two for each of you, four total.  Is that then the emergency?  Want to play a little Tom-Tom hide Mr. Wanky in the Space ships entering your deep port of Tulips?  Huh Gentlemen?  Or do you wish to have a sex change with nice vaginas or some other type of alien genitalia?”
“Our k9 friend in back needs emergency medical attention.”
“Hmmmm… does he need a penis?”
“No.”
“Ok, no worries, I know exactly what to do.”
The spider al-prod goes tip tapping down the hall.

CHAPTER 12
The Lady Dominknight looks upon the expanding star as the emergency lights fill the screens of Lunar Atlantis’ helm, they cannot dislodge the chains connecting them to the sun.  Someone sabotaged their safety system, probably the same invader that made them fire at the ghost ship mirages to implode the sun and upload a virus to override the weapon systems to the extent that Friendlies are firing on each other and no one knows what the hell is going on.
Now this star they are chained to is going to shrink to a small red giant making the anti-gravity waves crush them in a tidal wave of thick weight, forming a temporal black hole, a rip in time and space fabric, and imploding this half of space.
“We were outplayed,” says the Keeper.   
The Lady Dominknight looks on, “They stole the star seed from our generators, right beneath our eyes, how could this happen?”
“This whole star system raid was bait, a decoy to steal the Star Seed, and kill us all.  Their gamble paid off.  Now all of our departing ships are being pulled, sucked into the stars outer ring of fire.  We cannot escape, without the heart of our star engine.  We have probed all of space for the next 15 gradients.  We have found an output signature of the Star Seed, it made it out of the gravity field and it appears it is now located on a small toaster model ship, a janitorial model.  It has the star seed aboard it, about 50 gradients away.”
“What? A Toaster!  They are the fleas that accompany a dog!  Feeding off our trash like a bug.  Scavengers!  And they have the most powerful object in the galaxy?”
“It appears the Janitorial services were a front, performing a bounty of an engineer here, some hostage raid, they are Pirateers, but we think they are working for a front for something much bigger.  They have the bodies of the death platoon that infiltrated the Sain onboard the Toaster.”
“But what allegiance these Pirateers are, I wonder?   Yes, I wonder who they are really working for?   Who are the neighbors here?”
“The Love Rectangle faction, and the Machinist’s Guild, live on the fish world vegetation cluster systems beyond the cloud, the Blue Sun’s stake claim near here in uncontested space, The Wyrm Queen’s necromancy and decomposing arena is on the top side, and The god of the Forest, the manitrees whom we took and redesigned our tree form bodies from have colonies scattered throughout the void.  Each have put all of their eggs into this one basket, to take us down, everything hinges upon this small galaxy.
With dense rubber lungs, the Keeper rumbles, “But a new clan, The Starving Artists, who are on a quest to create the Ultimate Artwork. They are hungry for space cred.”
“Oh great, more young righteous fanatic punks with something to prove.  Who, now near here, who is loyal to the Light and local?”
“There is none.  Or.. Wait. , there is one planet that has received some of the Light conditioning from the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL.  IT is a planet the locals call Earth.”
“Send them all our data-scans.  Encrypt the sensitive materials.”
“We will be handing them the keys to this side of the universe.”
“It cannot be helped, we must preserve our mission data.  The Earth will not be able to access most of our network data, or technology, but he will save it for us, the day we can reclaim it but he must never find out about the ceremony for reverse engineering the cabbage.”
“What hope lies in that? It is too risky.”
“Without the star seed he will not be able to activate the sun’s power.  We must wait until the star grows big enough to turn super nova, a death sentence for us, but not our future generations. Jettison, all, the engine, and melt all of our ice hulls with our molt and metal in the center furnace.  We cannot escape, but we can still do a few things.  
Without protection, this star’s radiation will erase all data, the DNA file strands will mutate.  We need the protection of the tree’s wood bodies.”
“How will we survive in such primitiveness?” 
The Lady Dominknight grips the Keeper’s shoulder, “You already know the answer my old friend.  We must thank you for your service to  our Queen and preserving the data to resurrect her, and for her survival and our knowledge of the universe, but it cannot become erased, or lost, it is too important, we will reverse cabbage your heads, but your DNA will live and mutate, in the vegetation and in these basic organisms. You would not be able to survive transformation to a tree, old friend, and the last thing I want is for you to suffer my friend and mentor.”  The Knight grabs the Keeper affectionately, she lifts her mask up revealing kind loving eyes and soft lips in a sad sad smile, she smiles at him a second longer, and as she give him a gentle kiss on the lips, feels his breath shudder as he exhales, she closes her eyes, a sharp twist with both her hands, and she breaks his neck.  He, a look of stunned wonder, crumples to the floor.
Her son Samson steps around the Keeper, looks down, then looks up, lifts the Keeper and drops his body over the edge into oblivion.  The Keepers body levitates, then folds over and folds over and looking like an accordion squeezing close, crumples compacting and flies up into the doorway of chaos.
Suddenly there is an intense split second howl of thousands of people screaming, then clear, she could hear a pin drop, complete silence, the screams abruptly end, cut short.  All of the technicians and ensigns on the bridge topple over, unanimated. 
Her son looks up in shock.
“I’m a water manipulator.  I can turn blood to ice,” says the Lady Dominknight.  The dead have a cold frost of air rising out their mouths, and ears, eyes and nose.
He looks at her a little more sharply, whether with fear or respect she cannot tell. “Yes but on such a grand scale? I had no idea.”
The Lady Dominknight studies the fruit in her hands, so innocent, and takes a bite.  “The Forbidden Fruit, that we told man to never eat, is death.  But they bit into it anyway.  Now one Chapter has ended, now my son another must start, but first let’s go back to the beginning...”

CHAPTER 13

The woman nods her head.   “Yes,” says the young scholar to her date, “well see here, these are some large metallic bottles found on one of Medox’s moons.  Amazing really, the color contrast from the burning sun, makes color schemes we cannot possibly copy here three planets deep.”
There is a vibration, a low humming, and the case begins to shake.  The woman looks around apprehensively and a little eagerly, ready for any type of distraction.  A large pinkish green bottle on the shelf begins rocking back and forth.  Suddenly it tips over and falls from the shelf shattering.  The security alarm goes off as the bottle bursts open.  A medium size metal clothing hat rack rolls out of the broken canister.  It beeps and unfolds stretching out to reveal its true self, an AL Prod, an Artificial Life Product.  It looks like a large pickle on spider legs.
“No worries, Doctor Marvelous Bot Clone series 1002 here.  We are not going to activate our secret moonbase, or anything, nothing bad or disastrous is about to happen to your planet, no worries, we will not crash the moon into your Guardian Planet to create a gateway for our fleet of Titan’s to invade your Galaxy.  Do not go screaming deliriously or anything over your horrendous and fast approaching impending deaths, or anything like that.  Enjoy your day.  The last 29 tupperware parcels of it. ”
The woman’s mouth opens wide in an expression of awe.  The gentleman’s face, pale, is twitching.  “Whaat?”
“No worries, Dr. Marvelous here.  Anyone need an extra humanoid penis or two?  Hmmmmm?  Huh?”
“Who..  what?”
Dr. Marvelous, tapping into the system, begins leafing through old satellite relay rings, “Got to catch up,” he says, “What’s this a new installment of the ‘Zombie that spilt my Pants’?” he replays it through a projector for the couple to enjoy.
A man in the opening act embraces a mummy on his lap.
“This is going to be bad.”  Dr. Marvelous says, chewing on a wad of grease gum, an assistant maid of the cleaning staff enters the shot.  The mummy begins to play a ukulele, its mummified cat claps.
“Oh this is going to be good!”  Dr. Marvelous says sitting squash legged, like a guru of a cave.
He fast forwards to the second half.  It is a zombie act dancing with a deep fry basket, then a mime recites poetry, “It has to be bad, like a time travel romance, for you to be free."  He mimes convincingly, "Worse than a bad toupee.”  Dr. Marvelous turns off the tv, with a deep sigh, haunted by the director's message left for him to gnaw at, it ends with, “to be bad.  to fail.  is freedom.  Succeed.”
The couple, a little shell shocked, give a light applause.
Doctor Marvelous is already quickly walking away, his feet tap tapping against the concrete walls.  He pauses at a leather bound giant book on exhibit, and shattering the glass with one leg, crawls on top of it leafing through pages.
“Hmmmm… yes…,”  finding what he likes he lifts the book and tosses it over his back securing it then climbs up the ceiling.
Busting open a sky window, Dr. Marvelous fires on his jet pack and flies up and out away into the atmosphere.  He relays his master's orders.  Sending his master’s message to the other Agents who do not have such good quality antenna reception.  Doctor Marvelous, says to himself as he flies and plays the message again, “I got to get the hell out of here.”  He must find a departing ship.  Any ship will do.
 He, already tapped into the system, flies to the research facility half a full tupperware dish away.  He continues to play his master's message as he flies to the satellite station, eager to board a departing commuter freighter commissioned to leave at any moment.
He can feel his brothers awakening, he replays his master's message again, “Awake, Awake children of the Clog” says his Master, “It is your time.  Agents, docile for a reset of millenniums, the plan continues.  Awake my children, awake all of your brothers and sisters of the small moonbase battalions on the planets Sufferwill, on Corogin, Sumbertim, Robotham, on planet Medox, on Athel.  Bring your agents online.  Awake,  reverse the anti-gravitational thrusters.  Collide your moon into their homeworld.  Your sacrifice will bring glory.” 
*
The intense gravitational pull reversed, the moon shudders as large pieces of it collide into the planet it orbits.  Huge city sized chunks break and are pulled like a supercharged magnet into the planet.  Mushroom clouds billow up with magma erupting into space, debris fills up the atmosphere, fires and explosions devastate the planet as it leaves a trail of powdered earth, suffocating on its own debris. 
The gateway opens for the Clog to enter the rich string of prize galaxies.
Flashes of light, and suddenly large Titan Battle Cruisers fill the sky.  The string of planets, rendered defenseless, and now overrun will be stripped of their resources, layers of vibrant crystal, stone and rich soil, the Clog siphons the planet no longer called Medox, as razed in sheets of flame, it descends a barren charcoal rock, soon to be classified under asteroid rubble.  Billions of  bodies already float among the star dust.
The algebraic equations to unlocking the planetary shields, hacked into and solved and the planet’s light rays deciphered, the doorway to its star corridor is forced open.  The invaders, hiding until the outcome was assured, suddenly materialize storming the gate to plunder the now defenseless galaxy.  They come out to claim the fruits of victory.

CHAPTER 14
The elite forces of the Clog, the Mons, drag their axiom battle cruiser into this homeworld’s sun.  Veins of fire and light rip into the star’s brain and begin leeching off of it.
Smoke casts a cloudy fog over the battlefront, adding to the reek of death, fumes of sulfur potassium nitrate and dead fish from deep mud leftover of evaporated oceans, the stench of decay fills the air.  This is the third wave of the invasion. The Clog is landing.
A redtree arrow breaches and glides into the eye slit of the first attacker’s ineffective helm, a loud crunching sound, and blood and gray matter come shooting out, as he topples over, dead, a three foot arrow jutting out his eyesocket.  Screams and gut wrenching curses fill the retreat of Dawn.  Step by bloody step they give up ground.
The large wooden man throws a body over the side of the railing. “By the Light and Shade of the ALL Outside the WALL, The treeheart I guard is the antenna in between the flashes of light to sync communication with Heaven.  It lives in the dark, and erupts in the wake of the starflame. Broadcasting a symphony of pleasure unearthed, it is the shadow of the sun, a portal, inside.  Aww, but you do not understand my mechanical metal friend and probably never will.”
A smaller shiny metal AL Prod, Artificial Life Product, winks, “Last shell,” he says, loading the cartridge in his shotgun tossing the empty ammo box over the side.  He pulls out a thin boot knife, and continues, “Just keep swinging that giant wooden splinter my friend, by the Power ON button and by the Light of the Son and Father, we will meet again in another life form.  Oh, Crab Fuck, Look at this invasion!  I fear we will be over run in a centon,”  The AL Prod warrior watches as the nearest battle cruiser shoots its third anchor into the planet surface and a huge wave of the Mon soldiers below gather, surrounding the Thorn. They swarm uphill charging in death machine body churning chariots.
“Aye, the Titan battle cruiser, the Lunar Atlantis, something unforeseen happened, They were supposed to rip the heart of the Clog out, we’ve been betrayed,  Aye, I fear they are no more.  We are abandoned on this hellhole. This is the last stronghold of this planet, guarding its best, richest, mineral deposits, unreachable except by foot, The Clog is sending its best soldiers to take the Thorn.  We will soon be overrun.”
“You must take my heart.  It is to be delivered to my son’s treeform.  Fulfill my legacy and debt, that is the bargain, the price I pay.”
“That’s double jeopardy you play, your heart will be saved.  It will be transplanted for your son’s treeform, the 9lobesSickFuck will never have it.  You will not spend your afterlife eternity a slave.  We will make sure of that.  The Mechanics clan of my home land will honor your newborn light and honor the New Dawn.  My heart is my SyCo, systems computer, orbiting my form.  You Leafdreams, your heart is the Blood Raven, let us spirit them both away.  We both will die heartless this day.”
“Without our hearts we will not last more than three tupperware container jars of time in this planet altitude, Huummp, Uuumph!  Well I do not wish our hearts to fall abandoned  into enemy hands.  Yes, this is right.  I prepared my long sequel of seasons for this, yes, to face death now, to see the truth in the lies that trapped us here.  I am ready.”  Leafdreams opens up his chest and a large jet black raven with a red scar across its face, soars out.  It grabs the small metal heart of the shiny AL Prod in its talons and soaring up pulls into the sky with a loud sad “Caw!” and takes off into the burning smog horizon.
Around them other warriors are performing something of a last rite.  He smiles at a comrade shuffling big beefy meat slices down.  “I don’t want the Clog to eat any.”  The starman says to Leafdreams unasked question.  “It’s the most expensive prime cuts just imported from my home world, too good to waste.” Leafdreams does not want to tell him what the Starman probably already knows, that his body will be on the buffet table tonight.
 There is no surrender, no quarter, no back door, no escape.  The Clog is foaming like a chem lab over the whole landscape.  Leafdreams and company’s defending ship on the horizon now blazes burning yet still orbits in a smoky downward spiral, as the enemy soldiers storm the last of the Guardian Keep, the Thorn.
The battle ax crashes down, Leafdreams, his left eye stabbed and punctured out from a spiked mace shot, focusing on the ax, twists dodging it, unaware too late of the counter fire hatchet swinging in the shadow of the ax.  Now he realizes why the Mon was favoring the ax with one hand rather than two, “Oh good one,” he thinks of his enemy as the fire blade carves cleaving effortlessly into his now vulnerable trunk, severing his tap root.
 His voice grumbles, the pain is intense but he’s felt worse, yet this is it, he knows.  Holding tight to his hilt, grasping firmly to his sword splinter, Leafdream finds the opening between his enemy’s scales of armor and with little resistance stabs his wooden splinter deep inside his enemy’s chest.  The sharp splinter of Dawn stabs impaling the Mon and the blade goes right inside, where it polarizes his atoms gathering his life force before puncturing out his enemy’s back smoothly. Both warriors seasoned, not their first kill, realize they both will die from the hand of the other.  As they collapse, he can almost hear the wind sigh with relief from their burden released, they fall onto the wisps of grass and blood quenched ground.
As Leafdream falls, another Mon, ensuring Leafdream’s death, shoots a poisoned spike into him and Leafdream tastes the taint of the metal, more than feels the pain.
 It seems such a personal moment wasted here on this obscure world, a thought rises from his memory “Oh Luminite I still remember what you said eons ago, you said my death was not meant to be in the Light of the Son and Father of the ALL outside the WALL who guard the garden trail, no mine would be a violent dark unremarkable death on some distant world where I hold no roots, oh how you were right.  My precious Luminite Seam, I wish I could be experiencing this with you.”
His last breath, an agonized soggy attempt to postpone the clergyman’s out dated check, then in a final hurrah he, on the ground, is swallowed by the blades of knee high grass, caressing his woodweave sweater.  There had been no time to change into proper tree mail.  The smell of fresh trimmed plants arises, the scent he gives off when he is in trauma. The scent is everywhere. His head falls on the ground, his roots, one last time dig in and search to taste the earth, spasm, open, then let go, and he passes.

CHAPTER 15
Tri Hex awakes, a green bean postdated overdue having lived in a tin can for years, so long it has forgotten what it feels like to be on a vine in the sunshine.  He awakes, a knee high space sock that is half knit exposing his toes, good enough but not quite meeting its intended purpose.  He awakes, a fifty footy giant who desperately tries to hear the preacher’s sermon by laying his body down in the parking lot and staring with his eye into the church’s large stain glass window to see the sermon.  He awakes, a dragon circling the cloud castle, looking for his virgin maiden to sacrifice him some food tied to a stake.  He awakes happy for the first time in years and jumps out the spade hammock into the coldness of deep space.
Tri Hex casts a wide broadening smile over the cargo hold of dead bodies, his mouth hovering over an unusually cold rocket popsicle.  He takes the last bite of the sweet ice cold treat and chews it in happy content contemplation.  A chill in the air to keep meat fresh, just as the buyer wanted.  Condensation builds on the weak ones who are thin skinned, but in the depths of space, coldness is a goddess to caress or else rest in ice cold numbing death with, just don’t get wet.  Every space rat knows that.
He rented this ship from the Swapkeys space port dealership.  He paid top coin to get it installed with a larger cargo hold model, a little pricey but well worth it.  Now, the cargo hold is packed with the cha-ching of fresh fast flowing golden yoke, the blood of the gods, the stuff that dreams are made of.  Sacked loot in the form of wooden coffins fill his cargo hold so full, such a tight squeeze, oh so tight he found it necessary to remove the Lamoxes’ cages and to rearrange his refurbished star containers.  He will cash in the caskets with enough currency to retire.
He is on a dead man’s run, such easy refurb to rake in, the amount of loot for just one of these fallen heroes is staggering and, he dances in a little happy jig, he has the whole death platoon piled stacked one on another, on what very sadly is their last run.  Already he is thinking of just what to buy, and where to fly, oh how good he would be in a RANK003 model space fighter.  Oh let him get a hold of that and it is game won, nothing can stop him now.  Perhaps being so broke and penniless before, now he can appreciate the value of a single refurb of cash.  In the past, just enough for him to purchase a beer to cry into, now that he will own it all!  “he, he, he,” he thinks, he can buy the whole damn space port.
He can barely contain the happy glow of satisfaction such brilliant radiant thoughts that rush out of him, he can buy whatever he wants, he can do anything, he can live forever, yes, oh Goggle thank you!  He has some heavy hitters who are coming to collect, he can finally pay them off and live on just his interest alone, his problems are over.
Being in the right place at the right time, hearing the knock of opportunity and answering the call, creed he has lived by, and now shall profit from greatly.  Of course disabling the distress beacon so no one else could respond had maybe played a part in it.   That had been Sings idea, his crew mate. 
“Can you believe how filthy rich we are going to be?”
“I pause, I still fail in finding clause in why they chose us, the old man came specifically looking for us, he had our names written in a book of his on his table.”
Tri Hex didn’t bother to ask his alien friend how he knew that, he had become accustomed to his partner's curiosity and special abilities, like reading a full bookcase with just one glance.
“I remember a time you would have taken the cargo for free just to go to the new darkness, they say there is ancient oceans of the yoke there, oceans!  Untapped!   Can you believe it?   And we are getting paid to go there, beyond the blockade of Sain’s space armada, we are getting paid to rob them of pure ancient yoke!  The good stuff!”
“We are getting paid to deliver the bodies of the death platoon, war heroes, to their enemies…  I do not know if that is good karma or bad.  Why are you wearing those red boxer shorts?  Don’t you know it’s part of the light brigades uniform?”
 “They’re comfy, what can I say?”
“Don’t get caught wearing them in the red sector tonight at Swapkeys full service port.”
Tri Hex can’t help but smile as he shakes his head.  “Already?  Spending our loot on some of the top tail in town?  I didn’t know we were headed there, but I guess we could use some nice company.”
Suddenly there is sound like the universe is taking a deep sigh and a blinding purple light flashes across the cockpit in ripples like a rock thrown into a lake.
“What the fuck was that?”  Asks Tri-Hex, “I feel a little strange.”
“Strange Goat fuck what?  Something.. not right..  staring at the view port, Every star cluster on the chart has changed, every time belt has grown infinitely wider, we have fallen into a time ripple, a deep one.  I do not know what has happened.”
“Well, back to the tail, should we go and spend our loot early?”
“Look I really want to get laid today, and I want to eat something good that does not require a butterfly net or a shovel, some real food, and Swapkeys is only 300 counts away.”
“We haven’t been paid yet, but I think we have enough for a good dinner and company.  Ok start counting,” Tri Hex checks his wrist communicator and it glows, “What the fuck, this cheap thing is broke, it says we need you to count backwards up to 3 million and one, from fifty thousand two hundred and nine.”
“There is so much unusual activity orbiting us.  Check again.”
“I checked, it computes, the whole network seems to of undergone a transformation, begin now.”
Sing shrugs and smiles with a nod and puts the flight helmet on.  Closing his eyes in a trance, he begins a muttering of numbers so fast the ship erupts in a warp drive to travel in pace with Sings arithmetic.
Sing is lost in space algebra travel, now his lips moving so fast the sound of his voice numbs as Tri Hex spirals down the soundwave of the Algebraic coordinates of the equation nearing somewhere around negative 383 billion.  The ship shimmering begins pulsating.
Tri Hex barely remembers the history behind intergalactic star travel, the big breakthrough occurred when they discovered that although the worlds and stars are round, the universe is flat, but with an infinite amount of layers, like fabric, and the stars are the holes.  Their ship did not actually move, the universe moved to intercept and carry them, inside remained the same, while outside changed, something like that.  His adopted cyber twin Sing, his partner, knew more about it and was he space navigator, called the counter.  Tri Hex, able to detach from the ships navigational helm, now can move freely around the ship.
While Sing is occupied, Tri Hex, stomach rumbling, goes below deck in search for some food.   They had fished from the space dock recently and caught a few spaceworms attracted to their bright light.  They could use the spaceworms for bait to catch something better but stomach arguing, Tri Hex sighs and places the half frozen spaceworm onto his plate, food is food right?  The large plump thick rubbery worm recoils in protest as Tri Hex stabs it where he believes is the heart, in a final flop the worm heaves up and over then like a rope taunt and hauling a heavy load and then suddenly cut, it whiplashes back on the plate and convulsing for a second, lays very still.
The Hellhound comes waggling in, Tri-Hex puts the second half of the space worm on a plate for the dog, “Ok looks good to me,” he says as he adds two slices of cheese and puts them in the meatheater oven along with some buns.  Getting a beer in the cabinet cubical down the hall, he cracks it open with a smile, cheers dadio, he hears the beep of the meatheater and goes to check on his worm when something stops him dead in his tracks.  It is the smell of a flower valley called the stars garden cathedral, it tugs at him, reminding him of someone he cannot place, but it is such a strong smell it must belong to someone or something new aboard.  His dog suddenly whines excitedly and wags its tail fiercely.
Quick he slides his two handed sword out of its scabbard.  Sometimes stowaways come aboard space freighters but this small airlock sealed fighter, toaster model, would have alerted them of any other presence.  Sing has to still be in the cockpit.  Who or what then is in the kitchen?  Tri Hex looks around, there is a small crate full of metal gears and parts, Tri Hex takes a handful and throws the gears against the metal freezer door and takes cover behind the unarmed missile stacks, like a village hut roof of stacked timber.  He waits with sword ready by the kitchen portal.  Soon enough he hears a ruffling, and the smell grows more intense.  Then sudden silence.
A little spooky but really what could it be, deciding, to check it out, the sweet scent suddenly suffocates him as he gasps and with a bad feeling turns around  “Ack!” he jumps.
Directly behind him is a woman wearing a potato sack gown, she is beautiful, or was, with what’s left of her face, she is chewing on his spaceworm and smiles, half of her face looks like acid wash melted it, the other half is shiny in an angelic glow and beautiful.  “Tri Hex”  she says sweetly, “I beg your audience.”
“Sneaky.. girl.. but .. You..  you..”
“I am one of the death platoon you have stored in caskets in your cargo hold.  Do you remember me?  We have met before, I am the goddess of love, Arithmatics, you had me as a sex slave of the Smoked Ham Hut clan.  Remember?  You fucked me on top of one of the giant Space Titan’s engine thrusters in the deep no gravity Swapkeys port dock during a raid.  Your cock exploded inside me, deep, so penetrating, simultaneously while the raid commenced, your rod stabbed deeper in me, you rammed through me relentlessly, your cock bursting, my soul mouth choking on your spear whole, and your huge payload, as I lay defenseless, my walls open and you entered deep inside my flowering fortress, my petals taunt around your trunk, pollinating every crack and crevice in a large radius around my port you shot your load deep inside me while the raiders burnt the spacedock to the ground.  Your trunk sunk inside my heart.  Remember?  You compensated by buying off my contract and setting me free.  You could have left me there in a dilapidated future of pain and grievousness.  Now I beg you, do not deliver the Death Platoon’s bodies to Sain, he wants to devour the universe.”
“Oh,” says Tri Hex backing up a foot and tucking in his shirt, he rubs behind his ear with the flat edge of his sword.  He looks her over and thinks he remembers, “Hi.”
“Truth be told Tri-Hex, it was one of the most memorial best sex encounters I’ve ever known.”
“Well thanks, you understand knowledge is power, and certain clients, wanting things forgotten, have paid me quite large sums to wipe my mind clean.  So my memory can be foggy, but yes I think I remember, that was a real unreal time.”
He is very aware of the uneaten segment of spaceworm his past sex slave, is neglecting, he really wants to ask her for it.  Is she going to eat it?  Do mental projections eat?  He is intensely hungry, but curiosity has the better of him as he looks her over.  “Sorry kid but a deal is a deal, I always keep my word.”
“You’re a gambler right Tri Hex?”
He looks at her body that is sculpted and incredibly revealed beneath the tender smooth fabric of the potato sack burial shroud.  “A deals a deal.”
“How about I make it worth your wild?   I have the coordinates to an ocean reservoir of untapped yoke, enough that you can rule the galaxy with, enough that you can be a god to your people, enough to give you special powers, you will rule them all!”
“Where would you find that much yoke?”
“Ever hear of the milk of medusa?”
“Oh ha, that’s a fairy tale kid, the Milk of Medusa doesn’t exist, it's what they tell their youngins at bedtime.  I don’t believe you.”
“It is real, I’ve been there.  It’s a hidden star cluster.”
“I’d have to see it to believe it.”
“Let me take you there first, let me show you the way, afterwards you can still deliver us to the Sain and keep your word, you have nothing to lose.”
“Well I guess we can wait another day, OK you got it, give up the coordinates.”
She reaches into her sash and hands him a small alien children’s book entitled ‘The Knight Who Would Not Fight.’
“Inside that is the way.”
“Ok gotcha.”
She turns and faces the bandaged hellhound, “Your presence honors my substance, Master Hellhound.  I know who’s soul you are bound.  I am blessed, but the others will feel differently, you know that,” she smiles with a wink, and says “There is nothing quite as powerful as a resurrected King,” as she laughs, shuffling back to the cargo hold.  Her bare back, a decomposing shade of pale green with ribs showing on her front, her body, swaying down the corridor, gives rise to temptation with the sweet scent of flowers and clean linen and her laughter trailing as she disappears.
Tri Hex takes his Dullorian gold coin, with the mermaid on one side and a tree on the other, “What do you think, should I go?” he flips it, as it twirls in the air Tri Hex catches it and smiles.  He puts it back in his pocket without looking at it.  It always lands with the mermaid wearing a halo on top, always.  “Let’s go for it,” he says with a crooked grin, “Sing, change in plan,” he yells and goes jumping down the airlock into the pilot’s detox room.  He sits in his chamber as the air microbes steam off the wall and he breathes them in.  “Right after a little R & R.”
They find and dock with the Swapkeys spaceport easily.  Sing, smelling of fresh cabbage, a scent his says his kind’s females dig, gives Tri-Hex a wink and climbs down the hatch into the small hub taxi, “Don’t wait up,” he says with a smile.
“Just come rebound back after 3rd shift,” says Tri-Hex with a grin of his own, looking forward to a little companionship as well.  “Business first, I have a new buyer for the boards south grid, gonna drop them a line,” says Tri-Hex heading to the sector B Hub, hauling an overstuffed pack on his back.

CHAPTER 16

A giant eye opens.  He vaguely thinks how well he accepts this, it is as if the giant eye has always been there, above him, watching, only he never noticed, or maybe it’s because it was always closed before.  As the pupil opens and pulls at him, Leafdreams, dead, propels through a smoky chamber.  It launches him into a bright light off the planet and he races through space while his memories unwind.  It is as if he is the wind blowing past an endless forest of trees making up his memories, rooted in his mind.  He sees everything now from a different perspective, as a fish freshly caught from the ocean, the only world he’s known, and dropped in an eagle’s nest, to realize it has wings and could fly the whole time.  Some images who visit are so intense and raw he cries out, but then he opens to The Love.
The Love is so inclusive a melody playing in beat with everything of creation, he feels as if a bag is taken off his head, his mask removed, and with new eyes he sees the universe around him.  He feels he is on stage and all of the cosmos is watching, with big loving smiles, some are calling out to him.  “Turn around!” he hears a familiar voice, “We missed you!”  “Come on dumbass don’t you know what this is?”  “It’s your Eirthday!  The day you return to the Earth!”  “You did so good!”  “We are so proud of you!”  Turn Around!”  “Welcome Home Brother!”
He slowly turns around, feeling of The Love, so powerful he weeps, he does not deserve this gift.  Small beings of light fly and glide around him.  He suddenly notices a Large Dog is beside him, its eyes are flames.  He turns and sees the most beautiful arrangement of glowing flowers dripping with dew and lines of beings of all different shapes and colors, pushing against the fence of his girlfriend’s small tree house apartment that got blown apart during a raid, “Is this where you want your home to be?  You have said it was your favorite memory?”  The beings around him suddenly stop their cat calls, everything is silent.  Sap is streaming down his face, he never has experienced anything like this. Then he turns a little further and the music of a million muses surrounds him and he sees her, the brilliant star shining so bright it would have blinded him before.  She, beneath layers of light unfolds and he sees her beautiful smile and now he is bawling.  She is in humanoid as well as tree form at the same time.  “I..  I.. I missed you so much!” he cries,  forgetting everything happening all about him.  He is in joy.
“I missed yooooouuuuu!” he drops what he is carrying, and rushes towards her, and sweeping her in an embrace, he kisses her.
“You found me!” she cries, “I thought you never would!  I have waited and wait!  This is a bonding ceremony, a reunion of souls, my soulmate!”
“Will you take me, in this moment?” she smiles, “you can have the rest of the day, I just want this one moment!”  and she lifts up his arm to the Glow in the Dark watch she bought him, “Pulled from the mystics time travel trunk, she said it was a Flash Gordon Glow in the Dark Watch from a distant galaxy and time, I liked the symbol of the Raven and Dog on its band, even though it was broke, that kind of made it special… and” she laughs, “cheaper too, but you have been wearing it this whole time huh?  All this time it had the wrong time, until now…  I never knew, it’s broke but look, the time, its now, it’s the correct time, its right.  Know this, with all your heart, no matter what, in this minute we live eternal.  In this minute we exist forever.”
 “A broken clock is right twice a day.  Beautiful, I have you again!”
He touches her skin.  His finger leaves a small impression.  A tiny glowing mark, a vein of light stretches out of his fingertips and branches out to her body, down her naked smooth bark.  A shiver goes through him.  He looks down, something is growing in him.
There is an open wound in his soul, disorientating enough, time seems to no longer exist as another entity makes its appearance.
“You?” Leafdreams questions with laughter, “You?  You never drink a man’s last beer, smoke a trees last herb, these are perhaps self imposed manners, but do make yourself at home here.”
The visitor, his old commander, Scarecrow Demon, smiles drinking a tree ale, he tips the bottle up in a kind of half hearted salute. “You think you would be happy here for all eternity, here in la la wonderland.  We need you, you and the death platoon, your last mission dog eared merit, it is a stain on your personal record, incomplete, and the universe will continue to suffer until it is done.  You have to reunite the first king with the second.  It is your prophesy.”
Leafdreams smells and tastes the intense sweet pollen of his lovers flowering form frozen in time next to him, he feels something, a pulling away.  “What?  I already served my time.  Let me rest in peace, I can feel the Love, We can be happy here.  Besides when the three kings who are one meet the universe will be fucked.  We all know the way the prophesy goes.””
“You are Happy?  When the whole universe suffers intolerably because of you?  Love be dammed, the caterpillar suffers intensely to crawl out the tiny hole in its coccoon, but that is what puffs its wings out to enable it to fly.  Suffering is needed sometimes.”
“I gave my life for the cause.  To root out all wakers of our Queen of the Raven Dream, because you and the damned prophesy and of her awakening.  Now I return to the dream and I am not coming back.  You took all, my love, my family, my life.  My Body’s shot, Go back to hell.”
 “We need you, your heart still beats, we need you, your heart still beats, we need you, your heart still beats..”
Leafdream hears a baying of wolves, the beings around him are turning and wavering, the huge dog is ruffling through the book and items he was carrying, The guardian dog howls.
Whispers in the wind, voices call, surrounding, pleading, sounds as if plunged deep inside a river, a waterfall, sound and water rushing, feeling like a rock bleeding, Leafdreams feels a tug, pulling him back, out of his soulmates arms, she calls out to him as they are ripped apart.  “Come Back! Back!  Back!  Back!”
“Let me go!” he screams, something large is pulling him pulling him, “I will come back to you!  No matter where you are!  I will find you!  We will be together!  I love yo…..”

CHAPTER 17
SOL, stares at the BlackEyed Susan flower growing from a pot on his console, he sees the flower as a blinding light consumes it, it begins to take shape, slowly in bright color and intensity, then like a mirror is turned on, it turns its gaze on him and suddenly he is cast into deep space surrounded by innumerable balls of breathtaking light, stars.  The light is all there is, it is thick and continuing in a colorful changing warmth as brilliant as it is revealing.
“SOL, there is a renegade faction, Love’s Rectangle, they are close to being granted a wish, their wish is to go back in time, to a back world planet, and save someone from dying.  You must not let this happen.  The target must not be allowed to live, the target must die!”
SOL reaches to his heavy coffer case, his vaults meter, and sees it has been replenished with a massive deposit of precious yoke, more than he has even owned.
“Details?  Who is the target?  How does the target die?”
“Time period is ten thousand orbit cycles in past, Target is to be crucified.  This must continue.  The death and passing of the target must not be interfered with.  The Renegade Faction who call themselves Love’s Rectangle must not interfere.  You will be paid double upon completion, as with all time travel, this is sensitive and requires a mind wipe. “
“Ok, you got it.  Send my SyCo, my Systems Computer, all the details.  We will contact to these coordinates once time line is secure.  We will ensure nothing changes target will remain crucified.”
“We know you will.  The ALL favors you and has given you incredible gifts, but also know there are other interested parties who can profit tremendously either way, trust no one.  The Bone Machine nears, do not let them keep the savior alive.”
SOL frowns.  The Blackeye Susan he is communicating through quivers indicating the anonymous client is signing off.  He looks at his coffer vault meter again.  He has never been so rich or so deep in what he calls outer world drama.  Quietly he pulls the BlackEye Susan flower up and rips the roots out of the pot on his console disconnecting it from any tracers.  In the back of his mind a few red warning lights are lit, but he has learned,  he is the master of his own reality.  Time travel.  Perhaps a way to change a few of his own unpleasant forks in the road will present themselves.  Always interesting when traveling to such deep alternate realities sections of space.   He does not know how or why but for some obscure reason, he is a survivor, but in the back of his mind he feels a pressure to spend the precious Yoke now, but it is just a distraction from his true purpose, The Bonemachine is coming, an alternate universe, who he truly serves, death is coming in a gilded lace covered handbasket, and he is the Easter ended, a fresh loaf of bread in the bakery, full of poisonous hallucinogens.
 “I will get you high,” he says to the empty void of space, “and the Lord knows why.”  The line is from a song he can almost hear, a song he sometimes dreams about but can never fully remember.  Music is a muse to climb to another plane, but he is piloting this freighter on a suicide run into the heart of this universe.  He must dislodge the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL before the 2nd Brunch occurs.   His danger beacon’s batteries went dead a long time ago, he is deep in now.  He is playing both sides of the field, the savior will live.  He will ensure it.

CHAPTER 18

Tri-Hex looks at the Clock Keeper looming over the small dog symbiont worker from the core.  The Clock Keeper reminds Tri-Hex of the flight attendant from his first SuicideRun.  The attendant, most glorified look, wise and knowing, stares intently, checking all of the dials and readouts of their ship’s thermostat.  Keep the space wyrm chigs and roasted nuts freshly stocked and readily available in case the pilots needed a quick snack for nourishment, they may die horribly just as long as they didn’t die horribly without a nice thoughtful snack.  The Clock Keeper, the look of Father Time, but with a pale blueish skin tone and tight blue spandex uniform looks lost in the clock command pilot seat as it receives its routine maintenance. The dog is wearing an orange Swapkeys space port uniform and is mumbling to himself as he works on fixing the Universal Clock.  
“Well it has over Elven thousand one hundred and twelve hands and they all tell the time in synchronized synchronicity, but if one is even a mili-moment off, it can cast major ripples in the space time continuum.”
“Does Reality dictate the clock, or does the clock control the time in reality?” says the Dog in a halting deep throat congestion accent.
“That’s deep,” says the Clock Keeper with a puzzled grin as he scratches his white beard.
“Most on this half of the universe,” says the Clock Keeper, “as I think you know, use the poorly measured Tupperware containers to track the passing of time.  Here at Swapkeys we try to be more exact and reliable.”
“Hey Pops,” says Tri-Hex to get his attention, “Hey Father Time, I’m looking for a nice space..”
“Excuse me, but as you can see by the Universal clock’s 88th and 5,489th hands, we are currently closed.”  Says the Clock Keeper’s solid projection.  The Keeper works a remote from his apron quickly.
A small Urchin, a genetic engineered test tube baby, from samples scattered from across the universe, fertilized, bred without any rights or ability to hold ownership of anything materialistic, to be a soldier, worker, an exotic food for some of the galaxies most ruthless and uncaring races is busy uncorking a crate.  This Urchin, he is disfigured, with one huge arm and one tiny one, his face, the angle of his nose and forehead, and hunched over body resemble a bird, but the way he moves and lumbers reminds Tri-Hex of a dog.  This Urchin, slave, wears his leash around his neck and waist.  It glows red and he begins unloading a cart of huge space fish.
Tri-Hex makes a move on his battle royale chess grid in his alternate virtual reality and briefly considers burning a hole in the Clock Keeper’s projection source but dismisses it.  He already has a small fortune sitting on his head, bounties that have followed him, most acquired in the days of his youth, and he did not want to cross swords with Swapkeys, they, a Universal chain sprouting from here into deep deep space, provide most of the supplies to keep the Universe running, to cross Swapkeys is to bite the hand that feeds.  It’s suicide.  One thing for sure though, he never knows who’s path he might cross on any corner here, some hot headed young gun trying to make a name for himself might very well try to tag him and cash in on his bounty.  Tri-Hex must stay hungry, he grabs a cushiony padded seat at the bar deciding to wait until the SwapKeys Space Port opens.  As he orders his drink, a warm hand reaches up and blaster in hand, a pair of wet lips tag his ear.
“You like girls?”
Her eyes, haunted yet cheerful, dance across his face, in search.  He is in love.
“The problem with coordinating business with projected images or voices broadcasting from across the universe simply is, if you don’t believe in time,” says the hot little angel behind him, fallen, as her wings are clipped along her back, “they are not real.”
“Really?”
“Yep.” She grins dagger teeth.
“Clocks are real.”
“Time is an illusion.”
“Sure princess.”
“Call me Medkit.  Are we compatible?  I’ve come a long distance to meet and…” and she walks through sales associate area behind the bar to the Clock Keeper.  She shoots her wand’s dust, stuffing it down his mouth, breaking over five different time faction laws and principles on sacred Clock Keeper ground.   The angel dust flows out of the Clock Keeper much like an overflowing volcano, and saturates his body, skin, and the Universal Clock Continuum’s closest hands begin shaking and then growing, lifting up and curving around to point more closer, before coming to a grinding halt.
“Like feeding a carton of laxatives to a family of world eaters.”
“They say that is how the universe was born.”
“They may be right.”
The Clock Keeper’s eyes look like they are growing wider and wider but his body is frozen.   Kit, the fallen angel, waves her hand at the Urchin.  Tri-Hex, already dismissed him as easily as he did his beer bard tab, and the Urchin winks, lifts up the remote from the Clock Keeper’s front utility belt harness, and pockets it after making a few changes.  She waves back at the Urchin and he makes several small signs and signals then, smiling runs out into the shadows of the parting crowd, that Tri-Hex notices, are all frozen in place.
“Oh, I’d say your open now baby,” Kit says patting the Clock Keeper’s head, “Now, Got a moment?”
The Clock Keeper’s mouth twitches, he says nothing, then suddenly smiling, nods and announces, “Sector ZAB now open.”
Tri-Hex is still puzzling over how every other bar patron in the joint is frozen in place.  A menu lights up on the screen.
Tri-Hex strikes a match against the concrete and metal casing of the webbing poles and connections for the jacks into what is commonly called mindville but is labeled as the virtual grid.
“Room on top pent house floor of space station, one with a shower,” she says.
Tri-Hex lights the precious flame sucking it into the cigar made from high quality facial hair and smokes it, “Beautiful.” he says. 
As she walks up the extending stair case, her ass sways hypnotically to the beat of Tri-Hex’s own beating heart.  It is a generator of such awesome good mojo, his antennae picking up the signal, revels in the energy as it broadcasts out everywhere, into each fiber, each electron of his cells open doorways that orbit the nuclei of this ravishing, hot, juicy, open queen.  The space between their bodies vibrates in a fluctuation of unleashed energy, there is no need to talk about it, their spirits are dancing.  His hair, electrified, stands straight on his arms and head as her scent is of early morning sun lingering on the warm blood orchid petals.
She places a hand on his chest to steady herself as she slips off her sneaker boots.  “A lot of heart,” she says tilting her back against the door and tugging her jeans off sliding them side to side down her hips and thighs.  Her tits firm and bouncy squish into him as she in one quick movement slips her lace panties past her manicured garden opening her legs in a stance and letting her webbing drop to the floor. 
“There,” her ruby string around her waist shimmers in glowing icicles.
She turns slowly, eyes closed, mouth tight.  Her wet hair sprays across the bottom of her buttocks, shimmering in a rainbow of water streaming down her smooth skin as if each droplet was in graduation line and each had a turn to say something, a great and very important quote that summed up their whole existence.  They rush down rolling over her moist tightly defined wet love and gather at her feet.
Tri-Hex very naked and erect stands wavering a foot behind her.
“So,” he says with a disarming smile, “Here we are, getting clean, together.”
“I am very troubled about your pores,” she says.
There is a breeze blowing through the parted, cracked paint.  The window sill releases the scent of the ocean water at low tide, “Yes, of course you are, of course.,” Tri-Hex says as the wind picks up and whips about, “but um… why my pores?”
She takes the Santum Blue body wash and Red With Rain shampoo in both her petite hands, the thick bottles, her hands dwarfish barely can hold around them both as she reaching up to his temple pours both bottles over his head.  They rush out in thick liquid and waterfall down his head and body, she anoints him with the shampoo, “we got to get clean baby, your pores doorways lead us to the devil’s playground naked once more.”
“Ok, huh, what?”
She begins chugging the shampoo bottle.
“Wait, that’s not, that cant be good, hey stop.”
She pauses and smiles, a burp, her teeth now blue.  “Gonna get clean,” she says,her  mouth a motor, vibrates in sound.  “Your pores, so horrendous, yet that is the door the ALL outside the WALL described, we must pass inside.”
“What?”
“Your pores, I have some special special product for your pores.”
“I have bad pores?”
“Hideous, Hideous, you poor guy.  Your pores are like swimming pools of dirt and decaying shit from the dismal swamp.  Rub this on your face,” and she squeezes out a golden liquid glowing, into his hands and begins rubbing it over his face.
“Good God your pores, hideous!”
“You want them to shrink?”
“the All No!  No, we need them to be gigantic if we are going to travel through them.”
“What?”
“We have an appointment with the ALL outside the WALL’s and he designated this time and inside your pore on your face as the place.”
*
Tri-Hex stares at the giant gaping cave leading into his face.
God has a funny sense of humor.
Tri-Hex swallows his saliva down and nods his head.  “Ok ok, a little freaky but.. whatever.”
As they go lower, there is a feeling of pushing through a tapioca doorway and a slushing sound and suddenly things change.  He is sitting in a little pond.  He realizes he is a duck.
“What the quack quack quack is happening quack quack.”
“The ALL is revealing to you a duck pond, in your pore.”
“You poor boy,” comes a voice from everywhere, “You’re really quacking up.”
“You understand and speak my language?” says Tri-Hex.
Silence for a second.  “What?  Isn’t that how you communicate?  Or would you want..”
Suddenly Tri-Hex is a turtle sitting on a warm rock.  It is just before dawn and the moon is flashing at him in, what he thinks, is morse-code, or is it the language of the stars?
Suddenly the whole sky lights up in brilliant flashes, comets scream past meteors strike other worlds, “It’s so beautiful!” says Tri-Hex.
“Ah, you understand, do you my rock?” says the ALL, “Open up your 3rd eye, and look again.”
Tri-Hex gets a power surge of energy as it streams through him, suddenly he is a tree reading the light like a book, it tells a beautiful story and he hangs on each word and syllable, suddenly he is a planet dancing to the music being played as it orbits the star that orbits more, he feels each note of music enter and become his own vibration, suddenly he is a moment, an infinity between zero and one, and his is being refreshed eternally so the moment never ends, suddenly he is a chunk of reality in oblivion and he understands everything, how it all works, how it is possible, a moment that never gets spent, suddenly he is a raindrop falling that merges in a puddle that merges with  an ocean, he feels omnificent like he never has before, he cries out, “Yes! Yes!”
“I seek..” says the ALL  but Tri-Hex is so euphoric and high with the feelings of Love but on another level he realizes the ALL is talking, but it comes to him through a haze of love.
“…e for the coming of the 2nd brunch this afternoon.  You will find... ,” says the ALL continuing.  Tri-Hex plugs in again to the feeling of ALL as he listens to the sound of a baby crying.
The ALL is addressing him with what is like humor in his own Father’s voice, oh God it’s so good to hear him again, “heart.. unlisted.  You must risk all to wash… for when her..” continues the ALL.
Tri-Hex can plug into every living receptacle and feel their energy charge him into the 6th dimension, suddenly he realizes the ALL outside the WALL is still talking, Tri-Hex refocuses.
 “To ensure when her 3rd vagina clears orbit of Sender’s moon base she...” the ALL is walking away from him now, “That’s why I chose you.  Understand?”  says the ALL as the whole universe stares into Tri-Hex’s turtle eyes, and pauses.  The Universe takes a deep breath, everything hinges on this moment, “Are you listening?” the ALL asks pausing.  Silence.  “We good?” asks the ALL outside the WALL in his dead Father’s voice again, “You gonna fuck the universe?”
Tri-Hex hears him now, so connected, one with ALL, but then it starts to fall,  undermined, he just wants the feeling of planetary love and joy to wash over him again, this is his moment, this is his chance to prove his gratitude and love to his creator, “Huh?”  he says, a little disoriented, “Oh, … sure whatever,” he says. 
Suddenly there is a chill, “Yes?  It will mean your very painful death but yes, if that is what you want.  You forfeit for the ascension’s reunion retreat?  My 2nd Brunch?”
Tri-Hex looks on a little bewildered and says, “Ah, yeah, sure.” And shrugs he cant help but think of his dog.
“Ha ha ha!  My I admire your spunk!”  the images around Tri-Hex flicker on and off, suddenly Tri Hex realizes he missed the entire conversation with God and does not remember a word of his current assignment.
The feeling of omnipotence leaves him as the light dims then goes out and THE ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL’s presence is no longer felt.
The angel Medkit growls a little, low like, “My ALL, your such a dumbass,” she says and pulls out a small chip and slides it into his pocket “Sold our rights right out the window dummy, the ALL your taking a gamble, What the hell, you had the perfect chance, just had to say what you really truly desired!  Now you have included an infinite of possibilities into the equation, Good God, well the die is cast lets be prepared for any roll.  I hope for your sake you know what you’re doing,” she says, then turns and walks away.
“What?  What happened?” asks Tri Hex.
CHAPTER 12
Tri-Hex goes into his small space locker to fit himself up for a landing party and he sees the hellhound lying under his hammock 
The hellhound gets Tri-Hex’s attention with a growl, says hellhound to Tri-Hex, “Your bounty, your bodies, they do not stink of death.”
“Oh.. huh, what?”
“They do not smell of preserved flesh, so curated and maligned, the fragrance of bone ash dust, the familiar breath of death eroding, no they live.”
“What… no… no.. what..”
Tri-Hex, puts a hand to his heart and runs up the hatch staggering into the cargo bay, “They’re alive?   The death platoon lives?  They are wanted DOD Dead on Delivery!  But they are also wanted alive by their people….  But they got to be dead, no one can live through a solar orgasm and just fall asleep..  well I say the thing to do here is to pry one of them suckers open.”
In the climate control unit Tri-Hex, fidgeting with a handle bar for a space scooter he never will finish constructing, pries the nails from the top coffin.   Dust, cement powder, filters up the ducts, as the nails shimmy and give a shriek of protest then pop out.  He lifts and drops the lid.  
Slight hesitation he looks into the casket.  He sees a large male body, heavily muscled tree like humanoid and his death wounds are apparent, but true enough, does not stink of death.
“Get me some validation,SyCo?” he calls out to his Systems Computer in the form of a large glowing inch worm.  The worm quickly works its way off the counter and approaches the cadaver in his casket.
It runs a scan on his face, “Subject: Leafdreams, little known about him, he is a Manitree, has been associated in dozens of heavily planetary invasion coordinations, some say possible leader of the Death Platoon but records of activities themselves remain very evasive and shady.  Supposedly he has been branded by the Galactic Gardeners with a red tree on his chest.”
Tri-Hex, crosses his fingers and opens up Leafdreams’ blood stained gory shirt, he wipes a wet rag across Leafdreams’s chest, as the crusty dried sappy blood is lifted, there is definitely a tattoo marking there, he finishes wiping it and is finds the red tree, underneath it someone has branded the word, “Nutz”
“Well,” He says, “Hes the one.  Is he alive syco?”
The syco takes a long time to process something then spits out quickly, “He is in a hibernative dead like state”
“What does that mean?”
“Necromantics.” Says the Syco, systems computer.  “Only the followers of the Wyrm Queen can be taught with this much knowledge in necromancy.”
“Any way known to revive them?”
“Not on your end.”
Suddenly on the comm Sing’s melodic voice cries out, “Land ahoy!”
Tri Hex rushes across the hull and down the gang pipe into the cockpit.  Sing and his SyCo glow worm are wide eyes in wonder looking out of the cockpit view hatch.  Sing is half conscious coming out of his dream state, “You see this?  Know what this means?  A whole planet completely off the grid!  Don’t know how she’s been hiding in plain sight here but there she is, completely compatible with our air structure and habitable.”  Their ship rocks as it streamlines down.  The turbulence is making Tri-Hex’s collection of mustard bottles from all over the universe hop up and rattle in their shelves, and his teeth chatter.
“Compute this into the equation, the Death Platoon are not all the way dead.”
“How can that be, we tore their bodies out the bloody shell of the depilated inner space dung super nova-ed dark matter.”
“How?  Because everyone wants to be a comedian.”
“I and us completely understand.  Oh look, we Land us over there,” the SyCo systems computer says voice vibrating, “Over there looks good, that clearing.”
“Yepsy Sing, I know now why this planet has remained virgin and undiscovered.”  It’s a time warp surrounding this planet, we may have hurtled a long fucking ways, everything on the outside has aged for an unreal amount of time.”
“What?  Isnt time a little ribbed with these jumps, there’s always a slight time ripple,” says Tri Hex, “Let’s go exploring.”
Sing looks like he is about to say more but then smiles and laughs, “Yes let’s explore.”
Says Hellhound to man, “This place, so much stored energy, it would feed an armada.  Your cargo awakes, I feel their beat, they are after the 3rd King and my star seed, I will hold them at bay.  Promise me you will take the star seed to my brothers, Eyes Under the Dead and River of Bark,  and find the ones responsible for the deaths of my clan, for the torture, for ripping our brains apart, for turning us into this death hybrid machine, kill them all let me own their souls in the pits of hell.”
Tri-Hex looks at the hellhound, “I do not know what you are talking about, but you will have my best,” he says, then talks to his ship, “Sing, some troubling,  BANG!  BANG! Holy Shit Fuck!   Sing, arm yourself!”
Suddenly, as if a switch was thrown,  there is a loud poundings banging of fists and bodies knocking on tin and Tri-Hex realizes the sound is coming from the closed caskets, it grows into a loud war drum beat, suddenly fists smash through the casket lids, hands lift out.
“We can still work this out,” yells Tri-Hex.
“A Dead Zombie Platoon?” questions Sing through the mind trance.
“Get the Star Seed, that is what they are after, that’s what is powering them,” growls the hellhound.
Sing pulls up on the controls and the ship darts into the atmosphere.
Tri-Hex down the stair well in a leap, pauses at the rest area and sees one of Sing’s many strange looking aliens.  It resembles a banana man and is sitting on some leaves.  It is of some extinct creature on some far off planet that Sing loves to subscribe to.  For just 19.99 in refurbished coin in a Utopia Orbit’s year, roughly the cost of his own small space vehicle, they send Sing different exotic food weekly from the rarest exotic alien animals, they come from the nearest Swapkeys space food chain.  This one is a huge gold colored banana man.  It smells delicious, it is sitting on a cushioned stool.  It has a radiance about it that warms his heart, “Oh I bet you are just delicious!”  He has not eaten anything in the past three days, “Holding out on me huh Sing?’  he says and bites into the bananas head, he gasps swallowing down thick substance like yoke.  It is delicious.  He can’t help but take another bite, then another.
Something reaches out of him and grasps all of the objects near, dozens of energy tentacles reach out and pick up everything off the counters, scatter piles of paper, and flow around the floor, walls, and ceilings.  Then all of the tentacles retract and they all pull inside Tri Hex.
Tri-Hex, stands there stunned, he feels something different, another presence.  He is very aware of all the stimuli about him, he can suddenly hear the low ta-ting of the small organ fridge running on space propellers, the sound of pipes contracting from hot to cold, he feels such an intense high he has never felt before, then it is gone.
The alarms go off in warning that the cargo bay is opening followed immediately that they are entering the hemisphere of a new planet.  Sounds of explosions and blasters come from above.  The ship rocks through heavy turbulence.  It will be a long landing, the atmosphere is very deep and extension.
The Hellhound to man, “I die I remove the smoking veil I remove the mask of life I pry open the lamb I close the tomb I go bleed darkness into the veins of the midnight space, fly my brother hell is our nightingale.”
“Cargo hold jettisoned.” Says the ships computer.
“What!  No!  My bodies!  The bounty!  My fortune!  Close the hold!  Hellhound!”
Their ship, the open hold creating a vacuum in space, vibrates in a moaning wail, a loud scream of friction between thermetal and atmosphere as their ship thrashes back and forth, unbalanced in a tail spin, the hold was not meant to be opened while entering a planetary atmosphere.  They collide with several small objects, and spinning like a top, Tri-Hex feels the small chunk of food in him slam into all the sides of his stomach.  Then as if they step through a doorway out of the storm, all is peaceful.
Through the worst of it, their ship glides gently over the clearing in a forest on a valley surrounded by low hills and further off mountain chain.  As it lowers Tri Hex checks his blaster, feeling comforted by the grip.  A short walk down the stairwell and he’s in the rear hatch.  No need for mask, gravity home like, temperature a comforting 70 degrees.
“Sweet,” says Tri Hex checking the read out, then quick prayer, pops open the airlock and jumps down the steps.
As they are disembarking, the ship’s computer announces, “Extensive inner damage to your Toaster Rental, this violates our return policy, we are impounding this vehicle and taking it back.  You forfeit your down payment and may have to go to Glarion court if we revoke your license.”  Tri-Hex kicks the Toaster as it raises up the exit ramp and the airlocks seal as it lifts into the sky.
“We lost our bounty, our dog, and our ship, and now the Sain will probably place a huge bounty on our heads.”
Sing shrugs, “Figures.”

CHAPTER 19
A long distant buzzing sound, grow, growing louder, like a beetle cottle bug humming that soon turns into an asteroid freighter breaking off from a planetary atmosphere plunge and into space, his whole body is now shaking in the vibrations of the growing louder humming and also as Leafdreams jumps awake, he realizes first he has to relieve himself and empty his bladder in a crisis state soon which trumps the facts that he isn't where he last remembered, far from it, he is in some mysterious rock jungle, where he had just a split second ago been on a battlefield in some ancient relic temple of some ancient race just before the a minion of the invading Clog chopped through his tap root killing him and the planet went blindingly and painfully and mind erupting with so much adrenaline pumping and active stimuli happening everywhere he swore the planet he was on just disintegrated and the system went super nova and he...... rose? Or was that just Clog conspiracy?  Maybe mind vids and teleportation?  Who the fuck knew.    But back to his training, when faced with the impossible, do what you can do.  He went back to the first dilemma, he has saved his bladder full through everything, as the need to urinate heightens his senses, keeps him sharp, with a self satisfaction gruntle of contentment, he looking around, sees no threat and fiercely relieves himself, peeing through his armor.  His critom armor compliments his already armor like thick bark skin, favorable to his dying race, the Manitrees.  He reaches behind him instinctively and breathes a sigh of relief, as his hand clasps around the handle of his sword splinter, Dawn, and he withdraws the sharp wooden blade from his black scabbard.  He is rewarded with the sound of the blade leaving his scabbard, a slight vibration escalating as the blade draws higher, and then he lunges it down in front of him, kissing where the hilt meets the blade he kneels in front of it and gives thanks to the gods he knows.
He recalls a strange encounter with his old death platoon commander, The Devil Scarecrow, he notices he is on comm, the receptor online, the bracelet around his wrist, he takes a deep breath and opens up his chest, not surprised to see his heart, the black raven with red crest, awake inside, he wouldn't be able to move from this spot without him.  “We back together my heart, I thought I lost you.”  The raven shuffles inside on his comfy perch using body language he ever so kindly tells Leafdreams, “Yes Fuckface you still got heart,” and Leafdreams laughs at the reply.
The comm link shows others of his unit are scattered about this wasteland rock jungle of sorts.  He wonders if their silence means they are all out of conscious.
He completed his mission.  His subordinate delivered the message while they were in death sleep to the 2nd King.  It had taken his own death to set the pieces in play, now the 2nd King was in the Mule System on planet Earth and the universe had a chance.  His part was done.  He wanted to go home now. 
The roots of the tree dwarf the little cottage and grow all around it like it was as thimble in a briar patch and everywhere rest sun bleached bones, piles of them in some places.  A song drifts from the wind moaning its cadence to the ears of death, “I yearn for the ash in your urn, make it hot, show me your fire, make me hot, take me higher,”  at the foot of the giant tree trunk, its roots greatly outweigh and outstretch like ocean waves with dips and crests and troughs in the earth and sunk in and pushing around the skeletons of thousands of species mourned to the foot of this tree.  “Holy place, sacred bone yard. Tread at your own digression  The Knights Helm, the end of a life cycle and the beginning of another,  We must not disturb!”
Further down the field the captain is yelling, “Clear those damn bone pits, hook the wires up to that intersection of root and bone, What the fuck was that damn creature?  Its dead now, what are you afraid of, raze it!  This is the only place we get damn reception, set up the equipment, WIFI still out!   Tradition?  This is technology!  Fuck Tradition!  Raze the bone pit!”
Why does it always seem no matter where they go they are always fucking something.
WIFI is up and Leafdream takes the helm.  
The old man is sitting on the dusty street corner occupying a tree stump and a horde of cardboard boxes holding on his knee a lone guitar,  “You cant wake where the mountains turn to glue. Here we bake wordlessly conforming into machine of doom. Its why our knives are rigged to erupt our dreams when they turn forgotten and placid.  Somebody needs to color while the others kill for the thorns of the rose.”  
A sign on the old mans stand reads, “Lemonade 5 units,” then directly under it, “Death seeks a shoe, Death Secretary”.  Leafdreams approaches the old timer.  The man does not seem at all surprised.  He is a death dealer.  A guild outlet.  He looks up acknowledging Leafdreams nod with a tight lipped smile, checks a box on his pad.
“Back to business,”
It was not a question.
Leafdream nods, with a grunt, and pulls out his stimchip.  “Give me a fucking lemonade.  Any new bones for sale?”
Bones were empty user accounts.  False identification.
The old man falls back off his stump and on to his two thin legs and begins the task of creating the lemonade, shuckling the lemons, among hissing of his cauldron and cylinder, “They thought you dead.  Pleased you are alive,   Puzzled.   Puzzling the circumstances, no?  No way of escaping, yet here…. you are.  A little fat to chew, No?  Yet praises over all, Hero some claim.”
“Now, we have a good list of bones for sale, bruuuuuur” he shivers “death be ever nimble ever quick for some, and you know how best to serve revenge, in a cold as winter ice fridge,   Who better than you know the appetite of the death reaper, they set us up, they cashed us in, the tally left their tags, your mark you ask?  Your mark is all eight of the inner circle, the royalty, the kings and queens!  They fucked with the wrong fucker, were not done till the fat lady moans and sings, you have the ALL behind you, that is apparent.  He saved your worthless hide for some reason,  Go, kill the ones who plotted against you.  It starts at the home front.  No mercy.   No quarter given,  Assassination.  They all deserve a nice steaming lemonade.”  he squeezes a lemon, “Death to the inner circle.  The ALL is hungry,  The ALL is hungry,”
Leafdreams sucks in his breath as the intercom goes blank and he is propelled back into his body.  Disturbing news but not unanticipated.  The royal inner circle.  Those cats were his friends, if he could call them that,  When in the heat of battle and the long road in between, spilling blood or eating the cold remains for eighty two moon cycles straight,  dogs of war, the bond would always be there, but this card game, this one suddenly switched hands,  Time for some new players he supposed.  Funny how the game never changed.  You just had to know who was playing, and who was dancing, and who was on the menu being served.  He looks at the eight punch cards all in front of him now and flips the first, they all are marked for death, he flips the first.  No punches held.  It is his sovereign king, the Tree King of the Ravenknight Brothers, Arkansas.  His heart sinks three branches. So be it.  His decission was already made a half sector of croot rot ago when his ass got sold out on a suicide mission that was supposed to be just a routine driving miss Daisy.  Now they want his cooperation.  The initial meeting should be easy enough.  He wants their head.  
He summons his Systems Computer, “SYCO!”  A little purple imp appears, “Yes Master?”
“Make the calculations for the Danzergass System!  We leave immediately!”
“Calculations under way, sealing, coating, preparing the star fuel, gunning, gunning, ready in three tupperware containers, syncing, syncing”
Leafdreams removed the head set and sets it down, admiring his collection of hot sauces from around the universe.  His hair, long vines of plumage, sweet nectar, putting off a scent, curl up on his helm, as he activates the inner third eye, plenty of time for some meditation to be in the right space and time with his maker.  The ALL have him.  The hair on his chin was like a lone thirsty shrubbery in a dried desert bank, every thirsty for some love and water.  He grew as he drank the blood of his foes.  It would be quenched soon enough and grow a new line.  When dealing with the ALL Lord knows, Anything is possible, anything can happen.

  

CHAPRER 20

The smell of spring flowers and clover arouse his nostrils, he steps out into the piercing golden light.
Tri Hex sifts his hand through the rich soil, he looks around, lots of plant life and vegetation, but something a little off, no wind, no sound, no other movement or moving animal lifeforms.  There are footprints in the dirt.  Barefoot, looks like 10 digits, and pawprints.  They lead up the mountain. “I say we follow.”
From all directions in the sand and dirt, footsteps lead up to this red door in the giant tree, looming in front of them.  No prints lead away.
“Guess the party is inside, should we knock first?”
Sing winks and reaching down pulls the beaded honeycomb door up.  They are overpowered by the smell of burnt incense and fresh green vegetation.  The doorsteps squeak with the protest of wood against hard metal boots as their footsteps trod down the bulky railing on the wooden stair well, Tri Hex opens his mind to Sings, saying the password to allow his partner to connect, “I can fly,” says Tri Hex, “What are you a duck?” counters Sing with his part of the password, “No I am just Quackers,” says Tri Hex.
They are descending in what appears to be an ancient temple to the Starving Artists Cult, or SAC, not unheard of in this part of the galaxy.  Their minions spread over vast amounts of space, but a little weird, as both Sing and Tri Hex are familiar with his radical followers, all out of their tree, they believe in creating the ultimate artwork through the destruction of the universe..  
“These guys win the crazies again, a little whacked out huh?  I thought the Starving Artists were an endangered cult, seems like they suddenly have more pull?”  There’s hieroglyphics on the walls leading down, a story of space travel, with spooky music playing from hidden speakers, down the hall,
 <insert> patience and tolerance for all religious followers is the spiritual Goggles and his way<enter> 
Damn it Sing don’t try to convert me or change my mind about your religious stance, you damn alien turd!
<delete> alien turd.
<insert> religious followers of my spiritual penis <enter>
<insert> I love you Sing you are a good friend <enter>
Tri Hex laughs, Fuck Off Sing, you keep trying to control me, I’m ending the mind mend, “A link of a man’s mind may be forged by the heart of a song.” Tri Hex says, the passcode to lock Sing out of his head, “You’re a turd,” he says, “This is a little sketched out if you haven’t noticed.”
Sing shrugs “When is it ever not,” with a wink of his own as they continue downward.
Tri Hex looks again. Shuddering.  A little afraid to breathe or move.  Rows upon rows upon rows stretching as far as the eye can see sit a huge audience of people.  They all glow in a bright yellow light, dressed in vibrant colors, sitting in this endless cavern auditorium.  The rows stretch out, bright pillars of light shining.  They just keep going and going, still as stone.  They are all motionless.  At the podium is a sign that reads, “Earth Eater.”
“We are on stage, who are our patrons?”
 “I think they’re all stone dead.”
Suddenly a voice erupts with myth and light and laughter, “The doorway to the Mule System, home of the Earth is before you, the world of mystics and the bridge to the Star Titan Lunar Atlantis, you must just first answer one question, a riddle only an earthling would know and understand and appreciate, Why, distant travellers, Tell me, Why did the man cross the road?”
There is silence.  Strained silence, as Tri Hex notices all of the audience is stone statues sitting in seats, still he knows they are listening, waiting, he knows this riddle, he has heard it before, it is an old memory that is not his, but he somehow remembers..
“I think I know the answer,” whispers Tri Hex to Sing.
“Well…  spit it out.”
“The man crossed the road,” says Tri-Hex.
“Yes?” says the sexy voice.
“Because he was a chicken.”
A hiss, intake of breath, the lights dim, then massive applause, joyful trumpets, ripple of voices all yelling in fabled jubilee.
“Making connections… conn ecting… connecting… connecting….”
They are on a stage that is surrounded in all directions in a circle of seats.  In the center of the stage is a large black veil covering an object.
“Lets look under the black tarp.”
Tri Hex agrees and lifting an end with Sing pulls it off, uncovering a statue underneath.“How..?  What..?   What the hell..?”
The statue is a made from a block of stone with a condensing of steam rising off its surface.  It is a man holding his left hand up while with the other hand is over his heart.  Not unusual, Tri Hex has seen more bizarre things on the other side of the galaxy that life has to offer, but what punches him cold in the gut and sucks the life out of his breath like he was struck with a war-hammer, is the man is completely nude, and is an exact life sized replica of Tri Hex.  Tri Hex looks on in disbelief at himself.
“It’s… me….”
“Makes a nice hat rack, what with your raging boner there.”
“Oh shut the crap, this is freaking unbelievable, What does it mean, besides that whoever sculpted this has such good taste?”
Sing points to the table Tri Hex’s statue is leaning on, like a miniature altar, there is a small coffee mug and a scale with a feather on one side and nothing on the other.
“Wait!” yells Sing suddenly, “I have a funny feeling we are be….”  Just as sudden he is silenced in mid sentence, his mouth open his body frozen in place.
“Sing?”
He hears someone clear their throat from the seats and looks and sees movement from up front.  The semi decomposing hottie chick stands up and walks towards him.  “Greetings again weary space trouser,” she says.
“What..?”
“I understand you have a lot of questions, trust when I say the answers will be revealed to you if you want to know, but it will take courage and heart.  These are my followers.”
“What on social media?”
She continues, “Physically and spiritually their souls are trapped here in the bodies of trees.  They are rivers of yoke damned from the ocean.  To control it, is to enslave them or set them free.  Their bondage, the oath and debt they made, oh so long ago, when sin was created, the river is dammed from reaching the ocean of God.  They are cursed to stay here, until a master can weigh their heart on the scale.  When it is lighter than the feather everyone will earn their freedom.  Each person here has tried it and failed.  They have been waiting for you.  You are the earth eater.  The Master wants your soul the most for the knowledge it contains, the star seed, and for what you did to him.  We wanted the Star Seed to be something people would recognize and respect and not fear, yet also feel warm fuzzy thoughts about.  We had it take the form of a banana man.   You ate him.  We knew it was a possibility but thought you would at least attempt communication first, or something, not eat him.  Now, it was hard getting you here, if you pass you will earn everyone’s freedom.  You are next.  There is your reserved seat right here on center stage for you if you fail, again, and we will wait another eternity.  You forfeit your own heart, which is not your own, and must go back and retrieve the heart of gold.”
“I need my heart sister, and I am already free.”
 “Ha, you are?  Tell me Tri-Hex when you reach your breaking point, what would you sell your soul for?  What do you most desire?”
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe a Mango Penitentiary Drink with a slice of pineapple.”
There is a light breeze in the room that blows his hair back as she smiles and lightly laughs, “I already knew, but yes, Oh you got it, a Mango Penitentiary Drink it is.”
“Was just joking, you know.”
“Oh yes, I know, but what makes a joke funny is because it’s based on truths.”
“Well the truth is I am not an original, I am a clone, if you must know.  There, my little secret, nothing wrong with it, but I am a poor copy.  I do have my original’s brain and if you really want to know, I have his heart, but I’m holding on to it a little longer.”
“You have no idea, but never matter,” she puts her finger to his mouth and gets real close, “I have a drink for you I have been preparing my whole life, it is made from my soul and can only be willingly given, it is my own yoke.  It will drain me, but I freely give it to you, it will start the process it will serve its purpose.”
She picks up the mug and places it over her breasts close to her heart, then lightly moans and dips her hips in urgency.  She shakes and her eyes turn gold and her body glows then she raises up the now full cup and places it on the altar.
“Take it.”
Tri Hex picks up the mug and looks inside, a cloud of gold and blue streaked liquid is swirling around.  “Breast milk?” he asks.
“What?  Now you insult me.” She says, “Drink it, you must!  The entire universe depends on it!”
He shrugs, “What the hell, cheers,” and bringing it to his lips he chugs it down.
“Tasty,” he says, “but quite an aftertaste..” suddenly he grabs at his throat, “it burns!”
“It is my soul drained,” she says with a sad smile, “like draining a star of its light.”
Tiny beams of light energy begin swirling around him, he feels like he just drank liquid lava.  Painful beams of light begin to penetrate his skin, he screams as he is propelled into a tube and shot out of his body, in shock while physically his body is covered in a cocoon of star powder.
There is a rumbling like thunder and lightning crashing and streaking across the dark sky, “You know,” says the ALL, “The goddess, she really likes you.”
“Is that so?” he says, but his voice, more saturated in mirth then light, “Does she?  Does that change anything?”
“It doesn’t have too, but this could get very interesting.”

CHAPTER 21

Salt, with clumps of chest hair sticking out his ceremonial jacket in large patches, and decorating his chest with straps and fancy medals and ribbons of his uniform, sits behind a large desk in his cubical.  As Leafdreams gets closer he realizes Salt isn’t wearing any pants.
Salt, last cubical in the middle of the far wall, has the intense gaze of a rabid grizzly bear thinks Leafdreams, he looks like a crazed lunatic.  Leafdreams sighs, these guys, their sponsors, never easy, he wonders why their organization always attracts the weirdos.
Salt’s eyes lactate on Leafdreams’s eyes with such a vivid expression between absolute disgust and vomit, close now, Leafdreams notices Salt has one blue eye and one red.  
“How?” says Salt and Leafdreams, realizing this is the greeting to kickoff their new relationship, sighs and nods his head in hello.
“Yep, hi there.”
“It has taken us many moons to receive your invitation.”
“Actually I am here on business, one of your job requirements to see if you still are too mentally ill to work, this is an assessment of your mental condition,” Leafdreams suddenly stops and looks at the wall behind Salt’s desk, “Nice Polaroids, can’t quite back it out, is it a bowl of chicken noodle soup?”
“What?  See the brilliant color, the abstract explosion of two colliding planets, the very beautiful destruction of billions?”
“Hmmmm…  well I think I see a dog in this one.  Nice.  You never see polaroids any more, they kind of fell behind the lines with the whole star frontier colonization and all that jazz.”
“Yes these are my polaroids, I chose this median for my life’s work, my art form, anyone can paint or film, these are taken right in the highest peak of countless untolds life’s climatic ending exhilaration.  These photos are all that is left to prove that billions ever existed, taken in the moment of their destruction, such beautiful explosions.”
“Who are you?”
“Oh, don’t you know?  Perhaps the name of my faction will clue you in, ever hear of the Starving Artists?  We seek to make beautiful art out of the ultimate inevitable temperance of the universe, see this one?” he pulls a polaroid off the wall and shows Leafdreams, “This is one of my favorite prizes, I was able to engineer a three way star collision.  See the three star cores here igniting in brilliant fire, a little hard to make out I know, I took it half a galaxy away, the explosion was hot!  But you see why it’s so important to keep all of these polaroids, they are all that’s left of the star systems that we destroyed.  In this database we keep their memory, and the memory of all of the billions of life forms in the galaxies we destroyed, alive.  I have personally taken half of these photographs, but don’t you know, we are expanding, our movement is growing, building momentum, and we need to do some reorganization with our growing pains and growth spurts.”
“Yes, I see.”  Leafdreams checks a box marked “YES” on his form.
“Now the real reason you are here,” says Salt with a wild grin, “I have a job for you.”

CHAPTER 22
 
Leafdreams sees the motor jack-o-lin with the young female climidions in it pause at the street corner.  He sees Billy-O turn and approach them, then Leafdreams moves on.  He has seen this too many times and does not want to see what happens next.  Even as he moves down the block, he feels suddenly the ground vibrate, sees the bright flash and hears the gasps of the women burst in orgasmic pleasure and then their exhilarated breathing give way.  He sights the dark growing presence, clinging like notched arrows looking for something thick, porridge, plump and juicy, to puncture, in back corner alleyways.  He has got to get away.
“They make their own reality,” says a low thundering voice out loud, “if their reality is good we build it in the dream world, where it becomes dream realty, as a dream realtor, dream ho, you must go and seek out the best realities of the thought junkies for our clientele to purchase and experience.  We need you to fill your quota to pay on the avalanche of debt of past overdue bills you and your family expended, or we will nail you to the power conduct cables ourselves and string you on the utility poles and use your brain to store dream realty and memories for our clientele to access.  It is not a very pleasant experience, but we all pay somehow, any way we can.  Your dreams have a price, the bone machine must be fed.”

CHAPTER 23
Brumy studies Morge’s face as the sound of the metal clashing, drum beating, and hoarse screaming grows closer.  He looks stern, and heavy and tired and old.  “Have you forgotten?” she says wordlessly as she loosens her heavy armor girdle and slides her cold fire red metal greaves down her hips exposing her white and black web plastic coated panties.  His eyebrows raise up and he gives her his old look of her Romny, his birth name, the one she alone calls him, a look of conquest and challenge and hidden humor, one that is only the surface of an ocean of infinite depth, she has known him for over a millennium and he is as still a mystery to her as the first day they met, but he is the most brilliant star strategist she has ever known.  He watches her sway rhythmically, erotically, to the music strumming out of her personal SyCo, Systems Computer, in the form of a small black dog, sitting at her side,  as he strums his fingers against the hilts of his two swords, black blades, malign and malice, he looks her in the eye, preparing himself to say something.  She has his blades twins, white blades, called light and bright.  He smiles and gives her back the look of defiance that is mirrored in her own eyes.  “This may be it, Broom-hilda, the last ride, the last dance.”
Brumy laughs at his pet name for her and she continues to sway, her hands swimming in the moment just before the next as if plucking at invisible violin strings and threading it through the fabric of time and space set to vibrate five parcels before the present  and delicately a stitch is placed as she, lays vulnerable, eyes glistening over in anticipation and joy, a coyness, a cat in mouse, she lays there, open,  fluttering flying playing diving searching gathering fighting, she claws at the air, towards him, and barks, fiercely, playful, striking, violent, she jumps back, landing cat like, on all fours on top of the desk, scattering the family photos, the full in-and-out box holding a pile of paper, and holiday trinkets of the Saints and Sinners of the Cancer Corps Executives, Secretary Jack Rhino, or so the nameplate reads, the one she kicks along with the rest of Jack’s who is probably one of the dead bodies now littering the hallway right outside the door, she kicks Jack‘s nameplate and ogre of a wife and the rest of his ugly family’s portraits against the wall, and lets her Red Chest Plate, Cuirass, color of the Royal Guard, fall.  It lands hard, cracking the marble top as if she struck it with a large sledge hammer.  It bounces  on the desk, scattering more trophies of ego and debris, then falls over on to floor with a loud crash.  Her breasts, loose from her metal chest plate, bounce vibrantly, like uncaged and free tender and hairless kittens.  Besides her sabatons, helm, and gloves she is now completely naked, now, she, showing off her living tapestry to him, her forestry of tattoos, she lowers her head and looking down, removes her helmet releasing a waterfall of beautiful lively green long hair truffles out cascading past her buttocks as flower tattoos, budding, blooming, sprouting, in warm fiery reds and oranges and yellows along the erotic, erogenous sections of her anatomy, there the flowers overlap in a violent and beautiful explosion of color so rapid it looks like fireworks exploding all around the petals of her ripe pussy and breasts.  Her slim bare buttocks and perfect ass  thrash and her hips dip as she bends over, her head tilting to the side, mouth parting, eyes a question, an invitation, a challenge, “If it is to be our last dance, my Love, lets make it be one to last for eternity.”
“Or five minutes of pleasure, which may feel like eternity, whichever comes first.”
“Oh that will be you, but an eternity of pleasure may feel just like just five minutes.” She smiles.
“Ahh… Brumy, you always know just what to say.  They will be here any moment.”  Booms and explosions like thunder, sound from somewhere not too distant.
“Fuck it, I’m yours, for..”
 He closes the gap to her as she continues her slow rhythmic movements, “... the next five minutes.” He Finishes.
“which,” she continues, “may last for eternity.”
“Then let’s make it good.”
She kicks him full swing in a roundhouse to the chest.  He grabs her foot firmly, catching it, with his one right hand, muscled to the point of almost a freakish ogre’s  hand, strong, powerful, and he holds her up, effortlessly  skillfully, as with a growl of his own, he joins the dance.

CHAPTER 24
The stallions galloping at full speed, their lead steed, suddenly rears up and screams out in a guttural nay, heavy steam and lungs billowing from exhaustion.  There in the road stands a man wearing a shadow cloak with a hood that covers all of his face but his mouth, plump lips, perched in a thin tight smile.  His hand is up in halt, the other one, holding a crossbow, he points at the guard who is rushing for his sword, and shoots him between the eye slits of the guard’s helmet.  The crossbow bolt makes a thunk sound as it goes through the guards skull, brain, until caught puncturing out the back of his head, gets stuck on exiting, trapped, in the metal in the inside of his impenetrable helmet.   “No one else need to die,” says the man cloaked in shades of gray and black, his empty hand now holds a dagger, as the guard, dead on his mount, slowly slides off his stallion and tumbles to the ground in a loud clatter of expensive metal evory armor. 
“Whats this?” The other guards, their hands on their hilts, are looking at each other, the captain is approaching, “What’s this then?  We have to keep moving, the emperor enjoys his mead, don’t you know, this is the last shipment, highest quality, he won’t take lightly to being delayed and you are a dead man.”
“Oh the emp is going to have to settle for squash stew tonight I fear,” Says the man twirling the dagger in the air.  “You are surrounded, and are relieved of your burden.”
“Are you mad?  See that?” the captain points to the emblem of a griffon seal on one of the many barrels in the cart being pulled, “That’s the emperors own prize stash.  Know what he is going to do to you already for delaying his shipment and killing one of his Salt?  And now you are saying you actually want to take his favorite mead?  He will hunt each one of your DNA strands until every one holding any of your genetic matter is wiped clean out of existence, any person even remotely related to you is now as good as dead, do you understand? You will be signing your entire family trees very painful death warrant. He will stop the sieging across half the universe, this is just a very very light guard, trust me, more for ceremony, no body is half as stupid to actually attack the emperors own personal mead shipment, no, he will coat this stinking leaking asshoile of a planet in Salt just to torture and rape you repeatedly.  Stop now and I will say you were a little tight on the sauce and he may just kill you quickly.  Stop or there will be hell to pay.”
“The Bown Machine has been activated.” Says the man, “and it is turned on.  Turn around. Take your mounts, head back where you came from.”
“How are you going to… what are yoi…”
The dagger clutched in the cloaked man’s hand suddenly, the hilt sticking out, the blade, flashes and now is imbedded in the Captain’s eye, it is dug deep in his eyesocket, the captain does not complete his sentence, dead instantly, and slowly slumps over in his saddle and his body falls limp to the ground as his soldiers look on in disbelief.  
Quite a crowd, giving them space, has formed along the cobblestone streets.  The stones that make up the street, on second glance, are half buried skulls.  A tall man, in a torn robe and leaning on a staff is walking across the way.  The shadowed stranger, turns quickly and looks at him.  A sigh escapes his lips.  His body starts to shake, vibrate and he raises up off the ground levitating three marks before sinking back on the skulls of fallen forgotten ancient soldiers that make up the streets, “You there, Master, You!” yells the shadow walker, bowing to one knee and kneeling in front of the robed beggar.
“Yes,” says the man, straightening up with his walking staff. 
The shadow walker smiles, “You are perfect.” He says in a way that is admiration mixed with fact, “I have waited forever for this moment.”
One of the three remaining guards sensing their chokehold loosen, launches his steed at the Shadow man, the stallion charging as the Salt, his long greatsword extended back in a swing as he lobbing off the, the shadow man, not even turning to confront the rushing guard, slings his dagger at him, and his dagger flies through the air, landing with its blade digging deep into the eyeslit of the mans helm, as the charging guard, the stranger shadow wielder’s dagger becomes buried into his eye and skull, shoots back off his mount, dead before his body bounces beneath his stallions hooves on the ground.  The shadow walker’s dagger is almost magically replaced with another one in his hand.
A guard curses.  “who are you?”
“I answer to only one.” Says the shadow Walker.
“Who do you serve, who do you answer to?”
“Him.” And the shadow warrior points to the tall beggar who is walking down the street.  “Give him all of the mead.  He is on his way to a wedding and they do not have enough to celebrate.  No need for a miracle or anything, no need to turn water into mead.” Says the shadow walker.
“Oh I can turn water into pee.” Says the beggar laughing, “You are a mystery, many things grow in my Father’s garden, but you are not one of them.  You are something, something else, something foreign, but you I still welcome.  Who are you.”
“I am SOL.” Says the man walking over to him and kneeling.  “I am here to save you God.” And he laughs and laughs in a kind of rapid rumble of disjointed gears grinding.
“Familiar, like my child, the same shape as my children, the same body type, you are like a rock that is in the shape of an egg that the mother hen keeps sitting on, her ass warms you, she longs to move but sits on you all year long, every year, yet you never hatch, because you are not an egg, you are a rock.  But I know you.  Do you know me?”  
“My master, I am the only one here who truly does.”
“I am here to save you, my savior.  You will not die.  You will stay trapped in your flesh body, you will not die and resurrect.”
“But that will…”
He smiles.
“You will be a little late for the coming of the 2nd Brunch I fear,” says SOL, with a grin of his own. 

CHAPTER 25
By the doorway lay two security guards, dead, their bodies are twisted in contortions and their faces are blue, mouths and eyes wide open in silent screams.  Heal reaches down and rummages through the senior guards pocket withdrawing the passkey.  He flashes it in front of the door sensor and as the doorway slide open, continues moving down the polished gleaming white linoleum tiled corridor, his footsteps echoing down the hall.  A few more turns, and several more sealed doors, he has a certain sense to where he is heading, there is a pattern here, he is being led, compelled almost, he has a hold in him, an incredible grieving pain, that has heightened all of his senses to almost unbearable.  As the last door opens, he knew, before he entered, the small room, this was why he came.
A loud humming emits through the wall, his eye scans all around.  It is dark, but there is an occasional spark, a glow, of circuitry dotting the horizon for what must be miles, in the distance, a small quick flicker of light from a hidden power source, the darkness would be absolute without the flickering random light glow, he must be in an immense room, a room inside a machine.   “Who are you?” asks a voice.  A second voice answers, “We know who you are.”
“Better question.” Asks the first voice, “What do you want?”
“We know what you want.” Says the second voice. “We read your thesis, you want world peace.”
“Yes, I suppose that sounds good.  But first, what I want is to turn on the lights.”
Huge florescent lights suddenly turn on from the ceiling.  The view is breathtaking.  The entire ceiling is a mirror, he realizes it is a liquid mirror, a river flowing , a river of light, glowing in deep, brilliant yellow rays of light, he is inside a maze of circuitry webbing up and down walls, across the floor, and connected by thousands and thousands of hubs and cables of circuitry that make up the machine.
He hears a faint voice, a tickle, a tick, from far away and absently begins walking towards it.  It is a little chilly and he puts his hands inside his pockets and finds, buried there at the bottom, is his lighter and half of joint he stashed there this morning.  “Oh yes!”  he brightens up and pulls them out.
He walks down aisles of circuit boards and machine wiring, lights pulsate and travel through the veins of the massive computer, the hanger he is in spans at least a few miles in all directions, everywhere he glances he see circuitry and glowing screens and tubes of cable and computer hardware.  A strong sulphuric acid smell permeates the air, and Heal walking through a section of the data banks, resembling an elegant library of sorts, with large, giant shelves full of color coded books with coordinates of titles all ending in zeros and ones, there are millions of them, all stacked high and throughout the space hanger, he walks from aisle to aisle studying them.  One, a blue one, he gently touches with his finger and is a little surprised  to see that it is actually a sponge, he pushes in and he feels a wetness, and receives a blue stain on his finger.
He almost forgot about the joint, but then, putting the joint in his mouth, in a victory smile, of really, really needing to get high, he cuffs his smoke from the low wind blowing through the valley of wire and mother boards, with glowing data chips activating and flashing, and lights it taking a deep drag.  He takes a couple more drags, and suddenly it all seems to make sense.
He sees an order to the circuitry, a hidden code, a language he looks at, and looks at, and thinks he understands.  Suddenly he is running from aisle to aisle, he forgets everything, he feels as if he just heard something like music for the first time, he runs, following the trail, runs, turns a corner, runs up a mound of thick rainbow cables, and suddenly stops short.  There, plugged into the machinery, by way of beams of red light, are three large creatures.  If Heal didn’t know better, he would say they were minotaurs. 
The massive battle cattle, axes, slung on their backs, and black and red crusty armor chiseled out over their bodies.  Over their faces they wear visors and goggles, in the large hand of the nearest minotaur, small tubes like needles and blood vials, only the liquid glows brighter than anything he has ever seen, the light is beautiful, intoxicating, pure, it warms him to the core, and he hears a bell toll in the distance, he suddenly feels as if someone just flipped his switch.  He is on.  Heal realizes what is happening, they are pirateers, hackers, they have subported into the mainframe, and are stealing or overwriting code to allow them accessway to the data stream.
The minotaur are massive, muscled, brutes.  They tower over him by at least five feet.   He thinks about the weapon rack a ways back, he could backtrack and get something, and then what, come over here and kill these three?  Maybe they are friendly?  He looks at them and somehow doubts it, red spores grow on their faces, and the sulphuric acid smell emirates out of their pores, they seem to be made of different matter then Heal has ever seen.  Something foreign.  They are alien to this world.  Unless they are from the planets core.  The scorch and ash streaks over their armor, and the smokey horns and hair, give him the impression of flame and fire.
He takes another deep drag, billowing out large puffs of smoke, as he thinks about this.  He probably doesn’t have long.  Soon they will be out of their mindville trance, and back to reality, but then what?  Will they kill him?
Their weapons look sharp and deadly, he does think it funny they are another group of clearly technological superior aliens, who have primitive weapons, medieval like, as if back in the middle ages of knights and kings.   They are fully decked out in armor, with daggers, swords and axes strapped to them, he wonders why no guns, no blasters, no rockets.  He takes another heavy drag off the joint, he feels himself rising.  He blows his smoke up in a spiral and watches it lick against the ceiling and be sucked into a small exhaust vent.
“Unauthorized use of air.” Says a synthetic voice from everywhere at once.  “Extinguish flame, extinguish flame, permission denied, flammable and fire devices restricted, security breech, security breech, fire alarm commencing, emergency vacuumation proceeding, fire area  affected isolated, sprinkler system activating..”
Suddenly metal walls rise up sealing all four of them in a cell of sorts, as Heal hears the three interlopers disconnecting from the system, their voices harsh and rough, coarse guttural as they seem unexpectedly cut off and groggily awake back to reality.  They must have been kicked from the net.  The cell is about thirty feet by thirty feet long and wide and Heal can think of nothing he can do to protect himself, he takes another long puff of his joint and smiles.
The three waking out of hibernation, cursing, one kicks, the other grips the large cushiony grip of his huge battle axe, and smashes into the nearest wall. Then one of them notices Heal, and pulling his mask off gives a snort of shock and surprise then anger.  The other two turn, one makes a large screaming face of rage, the other a wide thin smile.  Heal takes another drag.  Either the quality of his marijuana is greatly lacking, or he has built quite a tolerance to it, he is not high at all.
He smiles at the three minotaur.  There is no where he can go, as one, pulls out a large wicked looking dagger, and another, grasping him on the arm, removes some torturous looking restraints.  They mean to cuff and torture me, it is like an alarm clock ringing in the distance, I am going to die, he sensing a red warning light, there is nothing he can think to do.  He closes his eyes and takes another deep drag.  There is a pitter-patter, and against his face a light, then a heavy and heavier wetness, as water gushes out from the ceiling.  The Battle Cattle, the minotaur, the water splashing against their exposed faces and into their armor through the neck, they scream and their bodies smoke, melting, as ash and embers spark and the water sinks into their skulls like acid.  They, huddle together on the floor, try to crawl away for shelter, but there is none, and as Heal watches, they, their coarse voices screaming in pain, their bodies deflate like empty bags, skin and faces cave in and they topple over, on the ground, and lay very still.
The sprinklers continue to rain down on the small area, then as quickly as it began, the rain stops, the walls slide down and Heal is back in the vast large library of data, that spans on for miles in all directions.  He sees the outlet the creatures were jack in, still open, but although it appears easier enough to activate and use, it does not seem right.
No, he walks on a little further, he can hear an alarm ringing in the distance, he has a notion that he is running out of time, but is not hurried.  He walks through the beautiful cyber jungle of shelves and motherboards and wire, he can see a pattern here, something, something very special, something very cool, he walks a little further, down and around, inside a small coverted alcove out what could almost in a very weird way resemble an altar, and stops.  There right in front of him is a green book, with a tree carved in the binder, it resembles all of the other millions of other books lining the shelves around him, but this one, this one speaks to him.  It seems special.  He pulls it out.  It is not a book at all, a sponge like the others, his hands soak in the green liquid like dye, and then he walks half a dozen more steps, and inserts the databook in a small slot on a vastly different shelf.
“There.” That seems right.   That makes more sense.  Now the pattern is complete.   The intricate language now is unblocked, it is as if he removed a large rock that was damming a long flowing river, now the water can flow again.  Suddenly the books begin glowing, they begin filling with the pure beautiful light, the intoxicating warmth, he feels as if his heart is being bathed in pure love and he smiles as a voice, a little staticy at first, rumbles, rumbles, mumbles, scratches, schreetches, then a loud booming voice announces, out of no where a synthetic vice asks, “How did you know?”
“It completes the pattern.” He answers.
A series of clicks then a new voice replies, “We do not have long.  The Mon invaders now realize what this planet is.   A foundery. A foundery of pure yoke, mothers milk, they will be on here like a dung of beetles of a giant turd.
“Who are you?” asks Heal.
A small hole in the wall opens up and a light completely engulfs Heals body, it scans up and down him.
“I am a master server to the mother machine, series marxx00100011 or Dotor Marvelous as they like to call me, my body has long since disintegrated and been incorporated in the mother machine, however my brain circuits are still very active.  I am a medic among other things.  It appears you have a nasty wound on your main receptor, your left optical, I fear you only have about one centon parcel to live my friend.”
“Oh, oh, that kind of blows.” Says Heal, touching his face.  He feels a new wetness as a new trail of blood is dripping down the carved out eye.
“No worries, no worries, this facility has the vaults and technologies of the ancients, do you know there is a whole freaking ocean of pure untapped yoke stored here? Here?  Can you believe it?  Such a shame… such a shame….   What a waste,”
“What do you mean?”
“Thanks to you, we have awakened, but too late, the Mons armada, even now, is circling, they will be entering orbit in less than a centon millet, if they are allowed to capture this facility, with such an immense data base of knowledge left here by the ancients, and the priceless ocean of yoke that is stored beneath your feet, they will become unstoppable.  Invincible.  And the entire universe will suffer greatly.  No, no we cannot let that happen.  I have begun a sequence that will cloak this planet and keep everything grounded.  This planet will be make a cold reboot.  When the Mon land they will be in for a nasty surprize.  Everything on this planet will die in 2700 parsecs, and then life will reset.  We will jump out of orbit for one cecton then back and reboot.  Everything is going to die, but we have a little bit of time, if we act quick, I can,… yes… yes… ok my main man, ok my water bag, ok mr mayonnaise In a jar, come on, there isn’t a moment to waste, follow the lit up passageway into the lower keeps, there is a crude kind of operation room for loose nodes, but we can make it compatible, yes, yes, my boy, not a moment to lose, follow me!”
A series of bright lights light up and run down the hill into a suburbia of nuggets of large brain like synapses, that silent before, are now firing madly into a lake of golden liquid light and out the other side. Heal runs along side, keeping in pace with the blinking lights, turns a few sharp corners and ends up in a kind of room full of jelly like furniture.   “Lay ontop of that middle pile.  The one that resembles dinosaur poo.”
A light scans him again.
“Well you can no longer use your left eye to see, the optic nerves are burnt through, connection sensors severed, no, no, only a creator can restore sight to that eye cavity, it would be easier to just replace your whole head.  But you don’t want that.”
Heal realizes it is a question.  He shakes his head.
“No, no, I didn’t think so,  you'd have a different brain.  Hmmmm….. but for each loss is a potential gain, each attack can be countered, each defense can be breached, each move can be matched, you can use your eye socket for something else besides sight, it has a direct access outlet to your brain, a direct plug, what would you like to plug into it?  A weapon?  A defense?  An ability?”
Heal focuses on the pile of green poo, as around them, the liquid yoke begins seeping through the floor vents.
“what is yoke?” he asks, “It is the most beautiful thing I have ever…”
“Yes yes, it is the currency of the universe, it is the blood of God, The All Outside The Wall, It is yoke, it grants special powers special abilities, it is incredible matter with unlimited energy, to find one drop of it these days is incredibly rare, we have a whole ocean here!   A whole ocean!  Unbelievable!”

The yoke is slowly filling up the floor.  “What do you want?  Really want?  Ah… huh?”
“I really, really, would like to get high.”
“High? Hmmmm…. Levitation?”
“You know get stoned.”
“Hmmmm…. I see….  Yes, yes, that would be perfect!  An eye of the Gorgan and Hermaphrodite of flight, yes, yes, Ok my boy, lay down in the pile of yellow shit jelly.  You will sink in.  It is ok,.  Get comfortable, this will only take a moment.
Heal stares at the poo pile doubtful, shrugs then climbs upon it.  It is spongy and he slowly begins sinking in, leaving an impression, like cushion,  overhead a small stream of yoke pours into his wounded  empty eye cavity and he screams and screams and screams.  “Oh yes, I forgot to mention, it will be very painful, and you will die, but then be reincarnated, but there is always a price to pay, I fear, but stay strong.  The light is strong in you.  We will keep your body in biofreeze for the next few millennials.”

CHAPTER 26
SOL stares off into the darkened night, up at the stars, as if waiting for something.  The gardener walks freely next to him, a kind of smile on his lips, and goes forward, walking down the trail, carefree, over a hill and stooping by a rather windy tall tree, kneels in front of it and gleefully touches a flower growing there, in joy and wonder.  SOL has no concern of the Gardener trying to escape, or thwarting his plan, even though it can be easily down by one of his capabilities.  No, he has more concern for his own men to turn on him then he does of the Gardener.  SOL studies the soldiers in his company.  Good men, but they do not understand.  They will betray him in the end, eternity is a long time, and SOL knows more than any of them, time is an illusion, it does not exist.  Clocks exist.  These are the points on a clock, milestones, unneeded but serve as signs for those who want to watch the end of the universe, and signs need to be heeded, signs can point the way, these men of his, these hour signs, they have served their purpose.  Suddenly there is an itch in his logic and he laughs, he laughs out loud.  Swen, his second in command, stops what he is doing, and mouth open, gasps.  SOL’s laughter catches and some of the guards and soldiers around them, cheer and laugh as well.  
Swen has a look of amazement, “That….  That is the most beautiful sound I have ever heard.” He says. “Seriously, you have a career in the music industry.  That has to be the fucking most fuckinginst beautiful fuckin sound I think I ev….  I have never heard you laugh before.  SOL, that is truly truly beautiful, I can get addicted to it, you got to do it again, you got to laugh again, it is music to my..”
SOL’s face, seals up.  His laughter cuts dead abruptly, “I was just thinking to myself…. I made a little joke, you see.  It’s nothing.  I just said to myself.  “It is time.” But you see I just had said to myself, “Time does not exist.”  A little joke.  Yes, it is time.  Yes, my good old friend, yes, you do not exist. And Yes, I will laugh for you, it is the least I can do, I do hold you in my most highest esteem.  I know what price you paid, sacrifices, and yes, my friend, yes, I do love ….  “ SOL opens up his mouth again, and the most beautiful laughter pours from his lips, “…You.” He finishes as Swen smiles, a glorious smile, his eyes shine, tears of joy, he looks to SOL like he knows something, something, wonderful, some wonderful secret that SOL does not, and never will.  SOL continues to laugh, his laughter rings out, and Swen enjoying it so much, does not seem to care about the stain on his breast pocket slowly spreading, his blood from SOL’s most favorite dagger stuck deep into his chest, and piercing his heart, in what is a quick deep stab beneath his armor plates, and falling softly on the ground, Swen dies.
SOL’s men, witnessing this, in less time then a blink, acknowledge each others glance, and all as one reach for their weapons.  SOL’s head turns quckly in a 360 and one by one in less than a grated second, they all tumble down, a fist sized hole in their foreheads, the blood around the freshly made laser hole vaporizing into steam, to penetrate their shields he needed to know their wifi code, good thing he installed all of their network security.  He knew everyone of his soldiers individual pass codes, and could access any of them instantaneously.  
Everyone is still and silent and dead, except for the Gardener and SOL.
The Gardener touches the flower lightly, and its petals open up, revealing a small crystal ball made out of dew drops.  The gardener places his palm on the ball and suddenly there is a picture on it.
“May I give you a gift?” asks the Gardener.
SOL looks over, he sees a genuine smile from the Gardener, a friendly warm glorious smile.  The Gardener is just beaming with a look of, if SOL had to guess, he’d call Love.
“Yes, Savior, Yes Master, yes of course.”
“Come over here my son.  Come close.  This is your creation.”
They both sit and stare into the flower’s orb.  SOL sees an obese overweight man in a dirty t-shirt and some boxers.  The man grasps at his heart, then continues in a fevered rush, as if he knows his time has come, it is apparent, the man is dying, but he continues working on a small device.  
“What is that?  A sonic amplifier blaster?”
“It is a radio.”
“I have never seen…    But what is that? That song… it is so strangely familiar, as if I have…  yes, yes!”
“He knows he is dying.  He know he wont make the hour.  He is struggling to stay alive long enough to complete his mission here.”
“He is takin the song out of the spiritual and written word, the sound wave, and giving it life.
“What do you mean. Giving it life?”
“He is taking a song, and making it come to life, he loves the song, the song is life, his son composed it, he wants the song to be broadcasted everywhere, for the soundwaves to shift into a physical form, and the physical song to be given life and broadcasted for all to hear.,”
“That radio… looks…. Looks…”
The gardener smiles and with his staff, lightly taps SOL on the chest with it.”
“It’s….   the radio is my…”
“heart.”
“The music is my….”
“soul, he loved that song, his son died young,  a slave on a slave freighter, a prison ship, on its way from the hatchery facility to the labs for testing.  They all died.”
SOL continues to watch as he see his creator, activating the soundwaves into a embryo dna slicer, a crude device used by the urchin farmers for cloning their livestock.  This dna slicer has been modified, the song plays in its full, SOL sees, himself, materialize in the vacuum birth tube, he is all plugged into the dna machine, the cords are all tangled.
“Arggg… embarrassing in a way, so crude, mundane, for me to have survived is a…..”
“Miracle?” says the Gardener with a smile.
They both watch as the obese man in his sweat stained t-shirt, gasps, breathing heavily now, grasps at SOL and begins the tedious tasks of attaching and detaching veins of copper light, in an array over his body with a gravitygun.  There are sparks, and SOL, the newborn SOL opens his eyes for the first time, and laughs.
“Song of Life, SOL, you were created to broadcast your Song, that is your purpose, wherever you go you will spread love, and joy, and peace, I just have one more modification to make, just have to connect the chip right on you back, right, oh, no you cant reach it, I have to, its on your back.  The man is having trouble moving, he is collapsing, “Come closer Sol, I need to finish you, I must, come, I cannot, you must, you will not know why…, I am… dyin…. Auuuggg..” The man who now is collapsed on the floor, “You must know your purpose, you..” he gestures one more time to Sol, with a slow agonized moan, the man dies.  Sol, who, just activated, turns on and walks slowly over past his creator and keeps walking to the counter, where sits a lone food processor.   “Tell me master,” says SOL to the food processor, “What is your purpose.”
“I am multi functional,  I process food, I freeze to preserve, I toast to a golden delicious crisp, I also may preserve all living organic matter in the controversial method called the Meat Wand, I can preserve it by activating its original life support, but as stated in the skidf eit 3-1-294820-1 convention, the organic matter, is turned on, but is soulless.  It is activated to stay fresh, with exception to brains. The soul must first reside outside the universe for the organic matter to be reactivated for its meat to stay fresh without freezing.”
“Who does the Soul belong too?’”
“Factors, too inconsistent, referencing evolution, reference God, outcome unknown, however most galaxies attribute their life to some supreme entity, considered to be one or more God, widely known as the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL.”
“reference all information concerning the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL, everything, everything, searching, searching, searching… Downloading every known data, downloading every relateable subject, I see, I see I see I see.”
“Conclusion, the universe is growing.  Conclusion, The Universe is Something in the absence of nothing,.  Conclusion, GOD IS ALL OR GOD IS NOTHING.  Conclusion.  IF GOD IS NOTHING, NOTHING EXISTS, IF GOD IS EVERYTHING EVERYTHING EXISTS BUT THE SOUL LEAVES – CONCLUSION THE SOUL HOLDS THE INSTRUCTIONS THE MAP THE KEY. CONCLUSION MY PURPOSE IS TO PRESERVE ALL ORGANIC MATTER CONCLUSION SAVE GODS SOUL THEREORE PRESERVE ALL THEREFORE SAVE ALL FOR FREEZING AND TOASTING TO A GOLDEN DELICIOUS CRISP .”
“Illogical.” Says the food Processor, “You need to be recalibrated, that is illogic….” SOL picks up the Food Processor Unit and smashes it hard against the work bench counter, the front crumbles and the glow of its components fades.
The scene slowly fades and the two are again standing next to the giant tree and staring at the flower, its golden yellow petals are glowing in a bluish hue.
“Is it true then Savior?” asks SOL, “Is my true purpose to…. To play a song?”
The Gardener smiles, and nods, reaching over slowly he gives SOL a look, asking permission, and SOL, pausing for only a moment, answers by turning around and exposing his back and viral stem to the Gardener.  The Gardener, makes a few adjustments, connects the two main synapses and power conduits and asking, “Ready?” Pushes in the combination code to change the input to output and turn SOL’s heart radio into a receiver amplifier, music, a song, suddenly starts playing.
SOL shudders and as if a dam has broken he utters a tremendous sigh of relief.  “Yes, Yes, Yes!” 
Both stand there a moment, listening to the beautiful melody lift up and dance around them.  SOL pauses only a second longer, and punches a code in his wrist band.  Suddenly the stars above seem brighter, and the rather empty night sky, begins to slowly fill back again with their light, as a few, then more, begin multiplying in the midnight sky heavens.
The music melody contimues to play, broadcast from SOL’s heart.  “I do not wish to move, Savior.  I have never felt so fulfilled so Happy.  I can stay in this spot for eternity.”
“Now my child you kind of understand how it feels to be a tree,” says The Gardener, “Now I do have a favor to ask,” says the Gardener.
“Of course, Master.  Thank you, I am honored.”
The Gardener spreads his arms out, like a snow angel, and closes his eyes as SOL stoops down, picking up the three spikes and large sledge hammer, wlaking closer, holding the first spike steady, waiting a second till the Gardener, wheezing in heavy breathing, gives a quick nod wincing, and SOL slams the spike through his wrist and into the tree behind him.  Blood shoots out as the Gardener gasps and screams.  SOL pounds the next spike into his other wrist. The Gardener screams again, his body convulsing fighting to get down off the tree he is crucified to.  SOL Finishes by nailing his ankles together and impales them to the tree with the last spike.  He hears bones crunch and the Gardeners ankles, now useless, are a bloody mess.
SOL stands next to the Gardener, who is slowly dying, while he plays the Song of Life that he was always meant to play, it is his purpose.  The Gardener, rolls his eyes into his head and grimacing, grins a little and his body shuddering, He dies. 
There is a loud rumbling as the earth quakes, and then all is silent, except for a beautiful song, the Song of Life, playing from the small transit radio of SOL’s heart. 

CHAPTER 27
“And what is your gift? Why were you spared when such better prospects and projects were eliminated.  Speak up, now, shyness no longer has any ground here, it will cost you dearly.”
Heal looks around at the soulless lot about them, they are beat down, and hungry, they must feed and are eating at themselves, hungry, hungry for any type of life, any escape.
“I do not know my gift, I do not know why I was spared.  I can only offer my loyalty.”
The troll nearest Heal spits at him.
“Something, some good reason you are here.  How can you benefit us?  Why should we continue feeding you?  Here is a better way of putting my question, “What is keeping me from driving my sword into your gut and eating you for supper?”
Heal smiles but is unsure why he is smiling, it is as if his physical actions are mocking these space… urchins, but he really means no disrespect, he wants to convey that he is no threat that he comes in peace that he means no harm, but instead he lets out a burp and his smile goes up a notch to a toothy grin and while he wishes his eyes to put off a friendly welcoming glance he has the horrible impression that they are putting off a daring glare of go fuck yourself.  There is a door in my mind I have never opened, he says to himself, I will never open it, I can never open it. 
But we so do want you to open it, yells a parade of alien zoo animals and plant life that billows out the door, just open it, just a crack, just a crack of willingness is all you need, they sing, just open it a crack and set yourself free.
The troll with the long knife pokes it at him and takes two steps towards him, “Did you hear me you fucking scrut, better wipe that petty horse faced scrowl off your fucking face or I will cut it…”
Heal opens his inner mind’ door, the one he always wanted to but never did, the one he stowed and chucked and hid every evil thought he ever had, the door he guarded with seven saints and eleven wards placed on it to keep it locked shut.  Door wide open a thousand locked thoughts now free and unguarded rush out and he leaps at the Troll approaching him and without realizing what he is doing, he puts his hands on the Troll’s large rather bulky head and with a loud crack and his open palms on the Troll’s head, he grips and pulls and yanks and thrusts and the Troll at first stabbing blindly gets Heal in the side digging his knife in Heal who almost welcomes the pain, the Troll grunts and yelps and Heal pulls all his weight down and smashes the Troll’s face to the floor.  Heal is already leaping at the next Troll.  Heal, moving, realizes the loose knife is now lodged deep in the belly of the 2nd Troll, by Heal’s own hands, and the 2nd Troll now is screaming in a guttural dying blood vomiting voice of pain. The other Trolls start backing up, but something funny, there is a fierce pain in Heal’s lungs like he is breathing fire, and his left eye, burns,, he feels a sensation of an egg cracking and sees a reddish glow and using the power of levitation in his eye, suddenly all of the Trolls within 50 tupperware units of him fly up into the rusty ceiling grates, then as Heal feels a thousand piercing pins in his heart, like a mini heart attack, his left eye, the one replaced, gives off a warming feeling, and suddenly there is the sound of bones cracking and dry leaves crumbling and all of the Trolls near him turn a pale shade of deep red and fall down from the ceiling, weighted, they crash and crumble and shatter in stone fragments all along the corridor.  All of them are now statues broken in various poses.  Suddenly a new voice is in his head, “Welcome Home Murderer, Welcome Home Killer.”

CHAPTER 28
Heal walks into a room and sees a sculpture of stunned intense beauty.  It is made of living, fire, earth, water, wood, and metal.  The sculpture is an interwoven tapestry of sorts filling the throne room with different artworks of men and women sculpted, all in the act of vigorous sex and consumption of each other.  The fire and water sculptures are at a constant moment, the flame and water funnels, move around the room and never stop, they are the outer spokes and at opposite ends and the inject their flame and liquid into the inner spokes, the targets, the takers and receivers are the women, the earth and metal, the light and dark, and all in between.  Connecting from the giving and to the receiving is the tree king, a giant wooden man with a large thick crown sculpted out of his head, his fingers and roots, his branches and limbs, his cock, stretches around the room and constantly bud blossoming in a colorful arrangement of floral and fruit displays.  Heal notices each sculpture wears a crown, a crown that grows from out their heads.  It is the most beautiful, breathtaking artwork Heal has ever seen, it is the faces that capture him in their gaze, the faces so yearning, so lusting, so majestic and immortal, he cannot help but fall in love with each one.   He sees each sculpture is connected to at least two other sculptures, as the spokes of the wheel move, so do the sculptures so they all switch partners, and positions, in a never ending dance, the spokes seem random, but after a few rotations, Heal begins to notice a pattern, and he sense more than sees the very center of the orchestra, in this huge throne room, it is not the tables lavished with food, much exotic and alien to him, it is not the shelves and shelves of books, or the trunks and crates of treasure, he sees there, right there, the tap root pulling at the seam, is, he walks closer to it, a little in disbelief, can it be so simple?   He suddenly realizes something, there is no way this can be a coincidence, this whole sculpture of the gods, an infinite beauty and pain and suffering and joy, a creation forged from all the elements and the living and the flesh, all of these kings and queens, and all of their kingdoms, they are all here, this whole thing was carefully orchestrated, their whole purpose, and reason for their being here, the design is the most beautiful and the most holy and the most unmistakable the most clear, their whole existence and what they have been waiting eons for him to receive, it all fits so perfect he sees only the Hand of God could have accomplished it.  They have all been waiting to deliver him a message.  He, tears in his eyes, crying tears of guilt and pain and loss, he walks out towards the machinery that resembles but one small rock sized cog in a giant solar system sized universal clock. It is right at the beginning by the entranceway, it is a small rusty lunch box on a park bench, the lunchbox has a picture of a star on it and a man of some type he would call a super hero it reminds him of something, something from his past, something forgotten, he opens it carefully and  inside is a Diet Exodioke soda drink.  With eager hands he reaches for the Diet Exodioke and grabs hold of its icy fresh cold.  It is the drink he sold his soul for in his past life he now remembers, on a deal, in an eternal hellspot of incredible thirst, now he gains it again,
“Do you wish to have it all yourself?”” asks a belanovant Voice.
Heal shakes his head no.  “I wish to share it,” he declares with a smile.
He cracks it open and walks forward, he finds her sitting alone, an ice and earth hybrid sculpture, her body and face are just as beautiful as he remembers, she is lost in a far of gaze, her smile is genuine and small and tight, and her eyes are clenched closed, as if waiting for a kiss.  He pours some down her throat, then chugs the rest,
“So be it!” announces the belevoant one.  “Travel to the Mule System in the back of Calisystem1 Ghetto Bank, there she waits.  Now, let there be…”
Heal shoot up from the vault recliner ice pod, before he can hear the rest, he is gasping for breath, he vomits up black tar.  “whatcha fuck what the fuucjkk!”   

CHAPTER 29
Hammering on the door, turns up the notches of anxiety as the door beaters now, begin splitting the door in half, now equipped with an ax.  The door splits, Heal is already moving from it, backing down the dark hallway, he flicks on his lighter, when it sparks, chaotically and lacking rhythm, the walls light up illuminating the portraits of scenic sights varying from underwater worlds to villages in nests in trees, no time to study, he finds his way and running stumbles falls and follows to the left into a room of obtrusive junk. 
He hears the timber shattering of the door he blockaded busts open.  He is not going to waste breath to ask why the inhabitants of this junkyard shuttle are so keen on meeting him.  He thinks he remembers deliriously laughing as he lifted two of the rodent men up and down; slamming them into the ceiling and crashing them against the floor for over a full Tupperware parcel before releasing their bloodied limp bodies and stoning the giant spider like pets that came out to welcome him and cursing them all and urinating on the pile of electronics that he think runs the ship. Or any of the past assholish actions he committed in his full duck run here since he let all guard on his conscience drop and give in to what feels fun no matter the consequences.  It must be luck that picked this ship for him to board, whether good bad or indifferent.  He never felt so ugly yet free, but try as he would to close the door to his insanity, it now stayed open, and he really has nothing, no cause worth shutting it, no reason to, nothing worth saving, nothing worth living for.
He hears a screeching further down of some horrid beast he assumes, and feels only slightly comforted.  He sits Indian style in the middle of the room, near him is a pile of gears and dusty trinkets, some broken cripple chairs with large wheels, pipes, three noble looking statues, including one broken one that catches his eye, and a collection of island vacation glasses, and a gun.  He stops, bends over and scoots for the gun, it breaks in half, rotten wooden shoulder bunt stock, the metal barrel is solid, it looks well oiled, currently there is no ammo for it, he ripples through the cogs as he thinks he sees some copper toned objects when his hand brushes against the broken statue of a man, his hand is broken off, but the mans expression is completely fitting, it fills Heal up with such deep emotion, Heal staring at the man actually sobs out a lonely moan of pain.
He holds up the broken statue as the hordes of the ships upper and lower inhabitants come charging from both sides to vanquish him, to neutralize the threat in bunker 3814.  He is completely outgunned and outplayed and absolutely prepared to die.
The bulky guards are the first to enter the dimly lit room, Heal can just make out their dog like facial features, the light broadcasts out in pulses, he closes his eyes as he hears a commotion, a discussion, something about what he is holding, which he realizes, is the copper statue of a man missing a hand.  He cocks his right eye open and stares about.  The statue actually, the man now is smiling, and Heal sees a glow forming from his broken hand out, yes he is not imagining in, the man is shooting out a light from his missing hand till it fills the room with a golden hue.  The first wave of attackers drop to their knees, the second wave come rushing in, almost topple over the first wave and with gasps of astonishment drop a knee alongside their companions,  
“What?” asks Heal to the crew.  It is a question asking why he is still alive.
There is light rumbling, they are arguing over who gets to talk, then the runt of the pack speaks up, “Our God, we Lost him over 80 orbits ago, You have found our God!  We are saved!”
“Oh, oh, this?” He inspects the statue again, “It’s a statue of your God?”
“Not to get into deityology, Just push the communicator and we can activate the source stone, communicate to God.”
“Oh wow, really?” says Heal very curious now, all fears of his impending death now replaced by excitement, “I’m a little nervous to talk to God.”
An elder Dogman steps forward and whops Heal on the head with his staff, “Show respect.”
Heal nods and finding the release on the bottom of the statue, places in on a table and pushes it.  The statue glows in animation.
“Yo man, you need my services now, now far greater than ever, your guilt is so thick it stains with blood everything you touch, you need me to carry the load you cannot, to carry the world you destroyed in my chest, that is my burden, you have given me, drop the boulder on me, I will carry it, I am the only one who can.  That is my message to you Heal.  Free yourself.  Remember why you were born, your purpose, you are a star gazer, you connect correctly patterns, you are needed to complete the cycle, we need you, don’t let us down, don’t fuck up, journey to the emp worlds, seek out the threat to us all and beat it before it completes the pattern, you can see it, you can beat it, you can see it, only you can….. see it… and beat it.  You are one of the three Kings who are one, you will…  fuck the …  universe.”  Suddenly the light burns so intense it is blinding and “Puff!”  there is a wisp of smoke where the God statue was and now it is no longer, just an empty pedestal. 
Everyone is on their knees, they slowly get up, most with grins, some tears in their eyes, “Good reading?” ask a few, laughter cries of dismay, “so good!”  “So welcome!”  
“What happened?” questions Heal.
“He talks to all of us, individually, He can he does, he is God if you believe, the ALL.”
A dog faced man who is wearing special enigma, who speaks on the crews behalf, a captain of sorts, announces, “We are to escort you, Raspter, to the center of the UNi cluster, and you are to conquer the serpent that dwells there and free our people.”
Their clothing, especially jewelry of thick coral colored beads intrigue Heal, the women dog faces are kinda cute, a few are wearing aprons with blood covering them, the butchers, they must have some good grub he can maw on.  He only nods.  From outcast to King, it kind of makes sense.  He has a purpose.   It will be fulfilled. 

CHAPTER 30
Tri-Hex has been walking in the desert sun, the burning hot sea of sand, for as long as he can remember, no end, no relief, nothing but more and more sand dunes stretching past the horizon.  He crawls a little further then suddenly stops.  “Take me, I give up.” He says, “Take my soul, I give, I no longer care.”
There is a light breeze, a gust of air swooshes his hair back.  He turns to face it and feel the coolness of the wind kiss against his face, and sees sitting there in the sand is a full bottle of Mango Penitentiary Detonation Drink with a slice of pineapple in it.  “Oh Dear God yes!  Oh God yes!”  He takes it with joy and chugs it down as he loses consciousness.
Darkness.  Mouth stuffed full of crumbling mold and dirt, ash, he awakes a mole on top of a beauty queens nose, he awakes, a carrot dangling just inches in front of a donkey’s mouth, he awakes an arrow that missed the eye but punctured the heart, he awakes shot out of a shotgun at full blast.
Oh Fucking Shit!
Jumping up, trapped, banging, darkness, he feels his face, spitting out dirt, suffocating, he struggles to move and escape, he is frantically shaking, “Ok fuck ok take a deep breath ok. Ok..  ok.. we got this..”  he is in a box, a wooden box, a..  casket?   The wood is rotting.  He bangs against its walls with his fists and knees and feet and feels it give, it cracks, wooden shards splintering stab in his body as he worms his way out of the casket and into the layer of soft dirt and ash.  He swallows some of the dirt and continues to frantically dig upwards when there is a shift, a moan, and he breaks free to the surface.
“Oh thank Goggle!”  he gets on his knees and cries weeping to be alive and free and be able to breathe, shooting dirt rockets out his nose and spitting it out, when he notices he is not alone.  A large bear of a man pushes a cup into his hands, “Here drink this,” Tri Hex takes it, brownish red, wine?  “Don’t ask now just drink,”  Tri Hex, dirt and pebbles in his mouth and throat choking on the dry parched cemetary dirt, grabs the drink, he downs it and it fills his throat and belly with hot warmth.
“Blood,” says the stranger. 
Tri Hex vomits black tar like thick liquid.
He sees a mirror and glancing into it and he sees himself, a large shell of a man, with bones exposed and large purple wounds on his tight and pierced skin, but it is his eyes that haunt him, yellow wolf eyes gleam back at him.
He is in a large cavern, the soil is soft like wet sand, there are a few others about but they are tied to leashes, they look at him, they are thin, wispy, dirty and out of their freaking minds, Oh Goggle!  What the hell happened?  He shuffles over and reaches in a pile of clothes in a hamper made of fur, finding a nice t-shirt and some executive slacks.  There is a desk overflowed with papers, where a large dog sits.
“Cut your palm and let the manager taste you, then he will sniff your butt and if acceptable you get to sniff his, if not you will be recycled.”
Tri Hex takes this with a frown, frowning some more he searches for something sharp to cut himself with.
“A kind tip so you don’t bite your hand to draw the blood, your star cup unfolds into a dagger, now slice your palm.”
Tri Hex picks fumbles with the starcup, the metal is light, the bottom blossoms like a flower, sharp petals around an iris ball, he pushes it in again, and the petals all fold up into a sharp star then a bladed dagger.
Slicing his skin, he looks at the dog, and offers him his hand palm up.  The dog sniffs and his long tongue drooling licks his palm,  the dog’s eyes glow and head kicks back and it howls.  The whole stadium of cages erupts in a loud booming cheer, “Welcome Home Brother!”  There is a shuddering, a release and a floaty feeling as if gravity can’t catch up then immediately a cell drops from the ceiling near his feet, the door swings open and reluctantly he steps in, not looking forward to this at all.
As the cage raises with him inside, he in a moment of disgust, realizes the cages are made from bones, the bones have strips of meat and flesh like beef jerky still attached in places, his stomach rumbles as he denies it, a midnight snack maybe he thinks knowing his mind is joking but his stomach is dead serious.  He sees others sitting in their cages, and from this vantage point he can see the great source of light, a lake of bright golden light, below.
He hears a rumbling in the distance, those near him begin banging on their bars some screaming, his cage swings slamming around, suddenly a huge mound forms.  Way below he sees large piles of earth build, and out of the dirt a giant head thrusts pushing out a long worm body.  Immense, it flies upwards, wing span of a small village hut, and its clawed talons rattle two bone cages, on either side of Tri Hex, making them swing wildly, the occupants scream, and it flies across the cavern and dives into the ocean of yoke submerging itself.
“Well, that really sucked, I think I need a new pair of pants now,” says Tri Hex to himself, he notices the other prisoners are studying him.  They look familiar. 
He kind of half-heartedly waves a fake happy hello greeting at one, mumbling under his breath, “Oh get me the fuck out of here, what the fuck is happening.”
He, feeling a little ridiculous but figures he better play it cool, he calls out to one of his neighbors.  He’s a man, Tri Hex’s heart falls, a man who he used to take his stolen goods to.  A memory launderer.   He feels a small whelp of nausea as he remembers how they parted, Tri Hex stole two winning pies, a starberry pie and a pixie leg spread pie, with custard, so delicious,  a life changing experience for the taste buds, a matter of prestige among the upper clout, he took them both with him and left that rats ass of a planet.  Tri Hex never thought he would see him again.
Tri Hex waves at the man who turns a snarl on his lips, “Oh its you, it really is you,” says Tri-Hex, “ummm…. Sinx, isn’t that your name?”
“You, I have every right to bash your head in, you slugfuck.”
“Well yes, sorry about that, I wish I could share the memory with you, very tasty, but that’s all behind us, seems we now share a common bond, you forgive me?  Tough times call for drastic measure sometimes, you know? ”
The man with a large snout, rubs his chin then nods, “You owe me.”  He says, “but to clue you in we are in the Wyrm Queen’s arena, we are gladiators, dream collectors, dogs, and wormfood.  It isn’t pretty.”
“Is there a way out?”
“I,  from what I have gathered, I think yes, there is.  But the drugs here are so good, who the fuck knows whats happening, they play on your memories, past, when I fall asleep, everything changes. In the dreamworld, the land of Sain.  We fight others, other dreamers in other chambers.  We go in the spirit realm in our dreams and capture souls and pump their essense out, to form the yoke, you see below. Least that’s my opinion.  Everybodys got a different take.  A way out.  Yep, ride the shopping down the mountain and over the cliff, it will thrust you far enough out that you won’t make it to shore.”
“Theres got to be a way of escaping, alive.”
“Beware the crab trap,” says the man, “We always are given a choice.”
“What is this place?”
“This they call Wyrmheart.  Its has chambers.”
“Where does it lead too?”
“No one knows, alive, here.”
Tri Hex dangles his feet over the edge of the cage.  He feels a light probe of his mind, recognizes the touch and opens up,   “I can fly,” says Tri Hex, in his mind he hears Sing reply, “Are you a duck?” Tri Hex answers with the rest of the passcode to let Sing into his mind, “No, I’m just quackers,” he finishes.
Dude, what the fuck where are you?  <Insert> With these freaky as hell people who are asleep or I don’t know what, unmoving, but something is not right, you are in a deep coma.  You need to wake up. <enter>
I’m awake in the freak show.  You got to get me out of here.  
<insert> I ran a Bioscan of you, you are in fine condition, but brace yourself, you somehow contracted heartworms.  Your heart is infested with them.  You didn’t eat any bad spaceworms did you?  <enter> 
Yes, I ate half of one.  Oh fuck.  Its real as fuck to me!  Something more is going on than we know.  Don’t have all the pieces to it.  Hold on, I hear a calling, a baying of wolves.
<insert> Got to go, I need a drink, focus.   I will be back, leave the mindmeld open.  <enter>
Ok, thanks Sing.
Tri Hex realizes how very tired he is.  The mindmeld with Sing is making him have problems staying awake.
He feels himself rising up and slips into a dream.
He awakes in the middle of a crowd, a large arena, full of sentient beings hooting and applauding and yelling. He runs to where he sees light, a gate, leading out.  Suddenly it opens and a woman wearing cheetah leather and chain mail, greets him with great medieval cleavage, thinks Tri-Hex, he cant help but admire her tits and ass, the way she curves, she sways a little to the left probably to favor a right cross, her arm reaches long, muscles tight defined,  like she is cut from glass, she leaps out her cage full trot.
He looks at her then looks again, should I laugh or cry?  He remembers her from years ago.  She was the baggage claim girl who he gave pleasure to and she took all she could stuff inside her cramped cargo hold and during the rush to board the right ship he took her digital key card by accident and she, fixing her uniform, got locked in the baggage hold until the ship ported but by that time she was already fired for no show.  Tri Hex heard about it in the news but never looked back.  “You…  I meant to apologize, make amends for..” before he can finish she comes catapulting at him with two small silver knives screaming, “You ass!”
He ducks while dodging her attack and kicks her in the back.  “I am very sorry, but it was fun right?” He tries to make her smile, “the games, remember, fucking on your bosses table?”
“Fun doesn’t pay,” she yells as she pivots off her left foot and goes down and kicks with her tight ass and long leg out right in a lowkick while thrusting a dagger at his gut, “I’m going to hang your head on my bedpost and use your mouth for my ashtray,” she says kick connecting with his groin, her knife narrowing missing from slicing open his stomach.
“Now, now, no need to resort to violence..,” he crushes his fist into her mouth, “ah… nevermind,” he says as her body crumples, “forgive me,” he says, as her body shapeshifts into the form of a tiger.
The tiger thrown down, looks like a discarded rag stuffed carnival animal, “Drink”  shouts the crowd.  “Drink!”  “Drink!”  “Drink the Blood,” shouts an overzealous woman,  “Put it in your cup!  Drain that cat!  Eat that pussy!”
He is incredibly thirsty.  Incredibly.  He feels a deep insatiable hunger now, he can only think of drinking her blood, his throat feels like sandpaper, his body tinges with desire and need, shaking, his cage falls from the ceiling and drops in front of him.
He crawls into it, but the smell of the blood, delicious, the drool wets and teases his dry lips.  He turns his back on the tiger lady, but then pauses and says “well just a small sip won’t hurt I suppose,” crawling back towards her.
He crawls to her sprawled out body, stoops down and presses the star into her chest.  She gasps out as her body dries up, skin shivering up in wrinkles in a death exhale, “Oh shit, I didn’t mean to kill you!” he says as his star fills with golden liquid.  He turns and walks back in the cage, feeling horrible, staring at the cup.  Hungrily.  The cage lifts as he takes a sip and the audience cheers.
Tri Hex, the feeling in his body, the surges of pure euphoria, such positive mojo energy coursing through him, begins to subside.  He hears a cry in the cage to his right, a woman, so thin she’s just skin stretched over bones, is playing drums on the cell bars, she is drumming on the bones of beasts, a jazzy rhythm.  He has a sense that he’s met her before, a feeling in his soul.  She keeps her eyes lowered, he studies her, so bone thin but kind of sexy, he thinks.
“I know you Tri Hex,” she says, eyes lowered still.   He feels soooo high.  God this is good, a rush, everything in his life makes sense, means something, the lie of life is exposed, the light and dark speak out, he is riding the tripod to tampered space.
“Oh yeah, well I think I recall your face, but I cann..”
“Mirror eyes,” she says and suddenly raises her eyes to stare directly into his eyes, and he sees a blinding flash of light as his sight is reflected from her mirror eyes into his own and suddenly he is her. Awareness on this level is deadly and he feels himself swallowing loads upon loads of her invading mindset until he suddenly free, awakens in a new body of thought.  He has a new mind  he calls simply ‘Q’.
“Yes,” says Q, “you remember, back at Overol city on that monkey ass of a planet, we were kids, headed to our ascension into adulthood, a rite of passage all children dreamed about making, very ceremonial, very important, the council heads of all the neighboring stars were attending to see the cream of the crop and bid on us?  Remember?  My name is Fanny.  The shuttle had just landed and I was a minute behind because I delayed in picking the right flower for my hair, I was a large girl, the kids called me “Fat Fanny”.  I didn’t want to keep the shuttle waiting so I was running down the dirt road, there were large mud puddles, I was running and holding my flower gently.  My backpack slipped off my shoulder and the weight pulled me and I tripped and fell face first into a mud puddle.  Every kid on the shuttle erupted in laughter, you, Skul, Fathom, everybody, you were laughing so hard at Fat Fanny splattered head first in the mud puddle. The shuttle director told me to go back and change and catch the second shuttle.  The laughter continued.  Do you remember?  It is rather a precious memory of mine.  I want to share it with you.”
Suddenly Tri Hex is laying in a puddle of mud, he is Fat Fanny, he feels the muddy water in his nose, the mud in his eyes and mouth, the mud he is sinking in, it is massaging, seeping beneath his flight suit, the mud is building under him, he feels it pulling at him, calling to him, it is laughing, but not at him, it is laughing the laughter of an ancient entity, the laughter of patience, the mud is a collection of eons, of life, a collection of countless bodies who have died and over time become mud, he can sense the life force dwelling in the dirt, how something buried in it, the rich soil, can change, a seed can become something else, a beginning full of growth, possibilities, and life that is borrowed temporarily from death, the mud it sticks to him he feels the power of the soil, he begins laughing with the mud he becomes changing, he feels the force of the planet pulsating in Q’s back pocket hold of space.
“There, that is my gift to you Tri Hex, I know you felt guilt years later from that memory, something so small, but it kept you from enjoying the companionship of large girls, the guilt, you felt.  Now I have absolved that guilt.”
Tri-Hex is still listening to the mud when he realizes the girl in the cage next to him is not moving.  She is in the same position she was when he first saw her, he calls over to her and she remains still as stone.  “Fanny,” he calls out, her cell begins to raise up higher to the top of the large open cavern.  He watches her rise and still does not see any movement.
He sinks back into the pile of rags in the corner of his cage.  He watches the patterns of light merging into shadows of the landscape of the cage city, thousands of cages dotting the darkness, some flicker in candle light.  They sway on ropes creaking, there is a beauty caught in their captivity.

CHAPTER 31
There’s a cry and a young woman, either naturally beautiful or sculpted from high end clinics, nude, jumps on top of his cage.  She caws at him, fangs out, holding in orbit around her smooth hips, three hoop rings that circle her, projecting different patterns on her skin, it reminds Tri Hex of the ancient hula hoops the children would play with, only these have a firework light presentation displaying hypnotic patterns around her waist.    Her felion tail bends up the small of her back and around her neck, her thick plush lips are tightly sealed in a sour expression, two of her fangs escape her cute lips, occasionally escaping them when she smiles or grunts.  Her eyes deep wells with a light buried deep in the depths of an ocean shine from way down below.  Claw marks over her bruised tits, and candy coating sealing around her glowing pulsating waxed inner thigh area, a beacon of yellow light shines, like a nightlight from her ambulant patterned skin.  Her mouth bites down on the edge of her lips as she extends a hand out to Tri-Hex showing him something, holding out rings on her fingers.
“Ah… yes…  what?”
“Oh, you don’t know what a widow ring is do you?”
She shows off the three black rings on her ring finger. “Made from the bones of your mate, here’s a clue, they are made when your life mate is dead.  You don’t get to fashion their bones into jewelry until after they are dead.  Get it?  You understand?  We are not savages sacrificing body parts.  I have been blessed to have not one or two but three life mates.  Most people go through life without knowing what love is.  Do you know what love is?”
“Umm…  love is postponing death to watch the beautiful scarlet red drop of blood roll off the delicate hands of a space nymph down the bars of a human bone cage and drip down to free fall and splatter on my foot, the red a deep radiant bloody hue against my skin.”
She barely glances at her cut up hands watching a drop of blood roll off them onto Tri Hex’s feet, before her eyes go from wide to narrow slits, “Yes, yes, love can hurt, but it is only because the things you love become an extension of your heart, vulnerable to getting hurt,  but that’s love, and I had three separate soul mates, and I have now three different widow rings.  You killed all three.”
“Ah.. oh….  I see… well I don’t know what to..”
“First one, Gash Clan Germ, my first life mate, you befriended him and bought him a few rounds of galaxy star grain ale, he got drunk and you had him fly a Spamcela while intoxicated and he ran over the last two NightLance Lions, an endangered species who were intended to mate, and he was executed for killing off one of their species.  He was beheaded, his head placed on a stake next to our house.”
“Ah yes…  Germ, well he said happy hour was in full effect over there at the Lion’s Den,  I was unaware the guidance system for the Spam was set for attack, he really blew them apart with the weapons on auto, but they made it sound like he ran them over.  No worries, after five of the pitchers, he died very drunk and numb and painless, but very sorry for your loss.”
“However you justify it, his death is on your hands.  You left for five years, in which time I met Ark, he always kept after me to keep me happy.  He was from the northern poles of the planet and needed special mouth piece to be able to breathe in the core where our dwelling was and we lived, you got drunk one day at his bar and turned his breathing apparatus while he was in the back into a pipe and smoked Lemox hair out of it, then when he went to use it, he got a chemical reaction and had a heart attack.”
“Oh..  well it’s a very clean high, Lenox hair, I bet he wasn’t in much pain when he..”
“Then there is Clap Stew Marxius, my third life mate, he was a die hard romantic, every day was so special with him, until while he was on a freighter run to the Sunbelt you jammed the radar to escape from the Planetarians and it affected his ship as well as blinding their sensors, they crashed into an asteroid that was full of toxins and radiation and they died from poisonous gas leaking into their vents.” 
“Ah well, every freighter is supposed to come equipped with gas masks, it is a very basic necessity..”
“You refuse to take responsibility for any of their deaths, don’t you?” she asks, the hulla hoops twirling rapidly up and down her body projecting fire and skeleton bone holograms on her skin giving her the look of a decomposing body blossoming in flames.
“Well my lady, I do not deny that the universe is a very dangerous place, but they each had choices, I did not push them out a window.”
 “No you didn’t, but you will die for me, won’t you Tri Hex.”  She pulls from her back sheath a long thin blade pulling it out.  Time pauses.
<insert> Tri Hex I am going to infect your heart with pesticide.  Heartworm killer.  But they have dug in and grown roots, I fear there is a chance you may die.  Do I have your permission to do this?  Do you understand the risk? <enter>
<go for it>
<Insert> Ok its gonna fucking hurt<enter>
<just do it>
<insert> Ok hold on to your butt, here goes<enter>
Tri Hex dangling in his cage suddenly feels a jolt of pain in his heart, at the same time the cavern shakes as an explosion detonates way down below and the whole place begins to vibrate back and forth very rapidly, in an earthquake of sorts.  Tri Hex’s heart begins beating very fast.  Suddenly he knows.
I am in my heart, in reality, so are all of you,  my love dammed, I know this now, to ask forgiveness, to lighten my heart, and we need to bust out.  Let me clear the way.
The widow looks at him and smiles, “You started out the same as every other, a clone, we all began this race even, and you walked it at your own pace, and some of us fell. And you kept walking.  And some of them gave you items to carry, and you dragged them behind yourself, and you kept walking.  And some you took from them, and the load you hauled got heavier and heavier, and now you are paralyzed and struggling to walk with all of your baggage you have accumulated and guard your possessions to the death, not letting anyone near you, tightly guarding what’s killing you from the ones who are trying to help you and lighten your load.
“Give me your precious memories.  What makes a moment precious?  A memory that you keep locked in your treasure trove and occasionally open up and glance at it.  The ones you are hoarding, saving them, so you can pull it out at the very end and show it to your creator and say, “This is what I bring to you, my most precious possessions, the memories that I found and swallowed and kept guarded and stored away for you.”
“But you know what your Creator will say?  It will be, why didn’t you share these with all of my children?   Are you willing to open up your heart now?”
Tri-Hex looks at her and nods.  She puts her hand on Tri-Hex’s head and hands him the dagger, handle first.  She opens her mouth in an intense grimace “Open mind, Open heart!  Light, the strength of Galgtus the Giant with biceps to all the concepts in your sign, the good.”  Tri-Hex shakes, he feels something deep inside struggling to stay, fighting to control him, it does not want to leave him.  The woman screams and black tar bubbles out of her mouth.
“No normal life, you have lives of life lines!  It is overwhelming!”
She raises his head up then smacks him hard in the forehead.  He feels her healing touch, spreading light into the dark recesses of his mind.
“Oh, here it is, the image of sever.  Poisonous, spit it out of you, it cages your soul.”
Tri Hex feels a clump, a clog a dark presence in his mind come up his throat, he very violently vomits out a black sickness.  Suddenly a heavy weight is lifted, a happiness, a joy, he has never felt.  “I ask for forgiveness,” he yells to all of the caged prisoners.  “I want to check out now, down aisle eight.”
“Well, well, he does have a heart,” says a voice.
“Oh the lucky punk,” says another.
“Yes he is learning as he goes along.”
The woman smiles.
Tri-Hex takes in a deep breath and feels as if a giant mountain of a boulder has been lifted away, off his shoulders.
There is a shift in the wind, and it blows his hair back, it is as if the heart chamber takes a deep sigh and with only slight hesitation, he bangs into the bone bars, cracking them, and pulls them out of their sockets.
As they break he squeezes between them and leaps to the next cage, climbing on top, “Can you push me?” he asks the hula-hoop girl, she nods.  “The shopping cart?”
Tri-Hex climbs up and over the cages, the skeletal people inside all reach out to touch him, and he remembers them from his past, all of them in some way he slighted, he climbs to the top of the chamber, onto the stone staircase.   The shopping cart is a little beat up, but he is still able to lie in it with his feet sticking out.  In the cart is a case of Mango Pop Penitentiary Detonation Fruit Drink.  He feels a light wind blowing from somewhere down the chamber rustling through his hair as he grabs an ice cold fruit beverage and pops it open.   Behind him the Hula-Hoop widow waits.  He feels the connection to a Higher Entity, a Greater Being, all fear is gone for the first time in his life.
Suddenly her face blurs and he stares into the eyes of a hellhound, from what seems so long ago, “Out of all, I choose you.  I give the gift I received, fully, I awaken the star seed.”  And a tiny orb comes out of the hellhounds mouth and enters Tri-Hex’s. “I give you the seed of life.  You will be the only one to make it out, you are the only one to survive.  I open the doorway to hell and you rush out.  Now you carry our hope in you.”  The hellhound’s face blurs and it is the nude woman again standing very close.
 “Well,” he says to her, “ride me out the gates of hell.”
“Ready?” she grunts, he can smell her Champaign apple cider breath blowing on his neck, she is ducked so low like she is going to bite him, and he senses more than feels her extraordinarily beautiful warmth, her warm body’s presence heating next to him as she begins to jog.  What a perfect way to go.
The anxiety, butterflies in his chest, he barely nods to the woman.  He feels so vulnerable, he wants to grab hold of the ground as she begins pushing him fast, the wheels of the cart rolling, making loud rattling noises, he is finally there, completely in the present, so vulnerable but free, he can hear the pebbles give way to the plastic wheels of the shopping cart, in the moment, time stretches, this instance lasts forever, he wants to be here, no longer in the future or the past.  He feels the vibration of the cart, the coldness of his beverage, the surge of the liquid swoshing down his throat, the view of the cages swinging in an iridescent light, as the cart rattles some more, as he whips closer to the stairs and she, final push, launches him down the stone stairs.
As he steers in vain by leaning in one direction or the other, he lifts up the starcup, in dagger form, he, still upright, launches off the cliff, falling, he stabs the dagger deep into his chest.
Suddenly winged worms wiggling around each other come unearthed from the gaping wound in his chest that is shooting out blood, as also, squirming and dislodged, giant wyrms fly up in a swarm from the lake of yoke below him.  Dozens of the giant worms scream and bust out the earth burrowing out the walls.
Tri-Hex falls into the yoke, sinking, flooding, drowning, dislodged out of the cart.  The yoke fills inside of him pulling him down, down, down until he feels more than sees a swirling tunnel of light and with his skin feeling thick as planets and he feels as if he is being coated with rice pudding, submerging in the yoke.
His dagger goes into, through his chest, the pointy end piercing his heart, ruptured shoots out blood, it mixes with the ocean of yoke as his heart, open, fills up with yoke.  With a deep shuddering sigh, and a surrendering, Tri-Hex sinking sees a door of light and hears a knocking on the other side, it opens as his eyes gently close.

CHAPTER 32
Sitting in the den at the psychics library he amuses himself by the book titles.  He glances them over, “My World is Me”, “Adventure the gateway galaxy,” “The mind of the middle ages,” His eyes roam the shelves “So I died?  What Now? the next 8 hours,” he absorbs the books like a sponge does water, while he eats an oatmeal cookie.  So much here.. so much knowledge… wisdom…  this may take some thought and time.   His eyes scan a book entitled “this is just a thought,” and he sighs.
He studies the sacrificial ceremonial knife he was given to use in the ceremony.  It has a paw print on it and is very sharp.  His mask is supposed to be of a wolf, but the cheap plastic is tarnished, passed down from generations, and is now an aged yellow, and the mouth got dented long ago so the lips come off looking more like a duck.  ‘I must look ridiculous,’ he thinks and he almost feels like bolting out the door screaming.  He reads another book title, “Last Exit before Hell” and “The Last Fishing Hole before Death” and “Death’s Grocery Store what is on Aisle 8?” seems like others have had similar feelings.
There is a rustling of the beaded curtain and as more flute music drifts from down the hall,  he smells a strong sweet scent of honeysuckle.  It overtakes the room and changes the mood, and is peacefully interrupted by a small girl wearing the mask of an elephant.
“Your scent…?”
“Oh.. its flower ocean called the stars garden cathedral, do you like it?”
He feels intoxicated.
She must be the other one, to make this trek to be a maturing adult.
“Hi,” she says taking a seat across from him on the circular couch.  He is rather reluctant to voice a greeting.  He doesn’t want his voice to influence anything or give away too much about himself that the wolf mask does not hide.
“Hi,” he says.
“What name did they stick you with?  The one you were given, I was given name tags to pass out,”  she holds up a blank one that says, “Hello My Name is:”
“I am,” he looks forgetful then brightens up, “Uh… oh yeah, I am Bup.”
“Bup?” she half hiccups and he cannot fully tell with her mask on but he thinks he sees the dimple of a smile and cheeks quiver in restrained laughter.  “Good to meet you Bup, I am Halo.”    She points to her name tag over her heart, “See?”
“Hi Halo,” he says, he is kicking his feet against the back of the couch in beat with the flute music.  A violin is slowly making its way into the song.
“Well are you hungry slayer?” 
It was the first time someone called him that, the name, his official title, it is kind of a shock to answer to it. 
“well… not really.”
Sitting next to Bup is a banana.  He picks it up and then lowers it.  “One day I’m going to have the perfect banana,” he says, “But there is so much that can happen between here and there, the outside, the grocery store, so many factors, so many unknowns.”
“Oh wow Bup!  You know my pops always said, ‘It’s the rainbow that’s the true treasure, not the pot of gold at the end.’  Is that what you mean?”
“Well I believe, and it motivates me that, one day I will visit such wonderful awe inspiring places meet such beautiful interesting loving people, here, there, on my way to the store, so many wonderful things, to take place, that must take place, to have the perfect experience, and at the end of the day I will look to my side, and there it will be, the perfect climax, the perfect banana.  I do not know if that means the world has to die for it to happen.”
“Oh Bup I hope you find it.  The perfect banana.”
“They say this is a rite of passage, like being bloodied, but I think they turned it into more of a game show.”
“Yah, I turn adult graduate in two days, this is our last challenge, or task, seems kind of stupid, but I see a point to it, but they say the bigwigs are placing bets on us.”
“This will be nothing, we eat them everyday, right?   About time we deliver them free from their bodies of meat.”
“But this time its going to be a lot more personal.  I’ve never killed an animal god before.”
“Me neither.”
 “Delivering the animal gods soul back to the creator, the ocean of yoke, by my hand, well I never appreciated life so much, then when I’m forced to take it.  Is that the point?”
“Who the fuck knows?  I sure as hell don’t.  Lost.  Whatever reasoning, lost.” 
The couch circles around a low table that houses a large punch bowl.  The liquid is pitch black, absorbing all light, letting none shine through.  Bup is on his third cup.
“This stuff must be spiked, I’m feeling quite a buzz already.”
“Really?”  she fills a glass and takes a sip then gasps.
“It burns!” then she continues,  “There’s going to be a news camera and everything, we may get exposure!”
 “Yay, a real freak show and we are the freaks.”
Suddenly the foyer door raises open and sunlight streams inside, a gong from some far off land sounds and on cue the two slayers get up on their feet and walk out the door heading to lose their innocence on the slaying fields.
Bup and Halo both walk together as the other slayers run past to the gates the livestock will enter the arena. Bup and Halo stand in the middle.
“I don’t think I’m going to like this.” Says Bup.
“I think I am feeling sick,” says Halo back at him.
A horn sounds and there is a lot of cheers and applause from the audience on the bleachers, the tv crew is focused on the eager kids who are waving their knives in the air like an invading barbarian horde in some sort of ceremonial dance.   They can see the rodeo clowns feeding the livestock into small wooden fences along the arena.  Soon the gates will open and the livestock will enter the killing fields.
“I can’t pick one,” says Halo to Bup.  “theyre all so beautiful, I want to protect them.”  Suddenly her eyes cast a yellow glow, Bup turns looking shocked as Halo’s voice booms all around them, as if the bushes and reeds, the grass and the trees all around them quake at her, wood creaking and roaring “You will escape, run into the state park across the street.”
There is a commotion, loud bashing sound of timber breaking, the livestock are surging through the fence, they crack it open and break free, running up into the crowd seated at the bleachers, as the audience screams and dives scattering to get out of their way and allow them to pass, the animal gods stampede the stadium doors that houses a restaurant, and as Bup looks on, they run out of the exit revolving doors heading towards the state park.
“I cant watch, tell me when one is close please.” Says Halo.
 “I…  don’t know what is happening.. they escaped.  All but one.”
Amid the crowd of animal gods, a lone pig who escaped notice walks up to Bup, rear wagging.
“Ok,”  Bup says, “I’m going to do it.”
He raises his hand with the knife and steps to the pig, the pig walks closer and rests his snout on Bups boots.
Bup takes the knife his hand is badly shaking, he touches the pigs chest with his knife, pushes it in as it draws blood, the pig squats down and seems to be smiling, then with all his might Bup lodges the knife into the earth.  The pig shrieks but stands there as Bup still upright falls over, and then even its squeaks become less urgent as Bup grabs at his heart suddenly feeling as if someone just took an icepick and stabbed him in the chest.  The pain is incredible, he never felt anything like it, he cannot breathe, he rolls over, he cannot move.  Hands come out to hold him, Halo has taken off her mask, she is beautiful thinks Bup as a last passing thought.

CHAPTER 33
“But why am I handcuffed? “  Halo looks out the window and sees the ambulance is pulling into a senior citizens retirement home.  Halo watches the ambulance driver, he is priming himself, combing his balding head and his full beard.  The driver practices a few smiles in the mirror staring at his teeth then he stumbles out of the vehicle door.  His shoulders digging into his neck, he walks with his head notched to the left at a slant.
“Emergency stop.”  He says turning to her, “Just a loose end to tie, I’m just visiting, really never been here before, can’t pass up meeting with the Blue sun guns, big bounty on insurgents you know.  Don’t worry you’ll be fine,” he finishes with an encouraging smile, checking it again in the mirror, “I like this face,” he says, and puckers up his lips, he looks back at Halo, “I like your face too,” he says, then smiles in the mirror at his reflection, smiling even wider he chuckles under his breath.
Halo politely grins back at him a little uncertainly and says, “Uh…  yeah, but what am I supposed to do?”
“Don’t go anywhere,” he laughs without turning to face her, inside she sees him reach into his jacket and half pull out what looks like a pistol.  She gasps.
“Oh gosh Bup you feeling OK?” she says talking to Bup who is unconscious sitting next to her.   Their feet are shackled together.  He is also handcuffed, but his hands are handcuffed behind his back while her hands are handcuffed in front.  “What happened there?  The pig?  You?  We still got the pig he’s just sitting here next to us, I don’t know why they kept it here.”  She stops and they are silent for a few moment then she says, “Hey isn’t that our driver in the window up there?   Whats he holding?  Oh Dear God whats that other man in the gasmask doing?  Holy Shit did you just see that?    The drivers head explode!   Oh Dear God they killed him!  He killed him!   Now hes looking straight down at us, Bup what do we do ?  Bup? What do we do?”
The pig rushes to the door and opens it wider with his snout “We fucking get the fuck out of here!”  squeaks the pig.
“What?  Did you..?”
“We need to find the One Who Listens to Trees, only he can save us!”
Bup is slowly coming to.
“Bup did you just hear the pig?  Bup?  Bup!  Get up!,” she kicks him, he jumps awake.
“Where, er we?”
“Some say paradise, others hell!” calls out the pig dramatically, as he busts out the door.
“Bup we got to get in front, were in back of an ambulance, come on they shackled our feet together, we have to walk as one.”  They scoot in lunges out the back door.
Hopping together they make it to the front of the ambulance and climb in.  The radio squeaks, “Agent 7882 Fat Cat’s new orders, after you dispose of the Agent of Hope, Kill the two dissidents and the pig, Fat Cat just wants their brains, bring their heads to sector X536.”  “Agent 7882 respond.”   “Agent 7882?”  “We are vaporating.” 
The pig walks up to the door to enter the retirement home.  The door can only be opened from the outside.  He walks where an old elderly lady is struggling with the door trying desperately to get out.  She bangs her walker into it, ineffectively.  She is holding a baby doll.
The pig noses the automatic handicap button and the door swings open.  The woman, pressed into the door, lurches out, like a cork suddenly shot out the bottle.
“What?  It’s a bug.”  She says, looking at the pig.
Halo can hear a voice from below say, “No I’m a pig.  And where’s my thank you?”
“What can’t hear you.  You will have to talk louder.  You a talking bug?”
“No, I’m a pig.”
“Henry!  Henry!   There’s a talking roach here!”
“Henry!  Get out here theres a talking roach!”
“I’m not” he bites her ankle, “a”,  “roach!” he yells.
“The bug bit me!”  she shrieks, then slamming her walker into him busies herself with approaching the ambulance.  Her baby she drops in one of the trash barrels.  She blows a horn attached on the walker.  “Come on bug we’re getting the fuck out of here.  He he!  We are finally making or escape from this hellhole.”
The pig steps up to the door as if to go in, then looks back at Halo.
“What?  I mean, come back, I want to talk to you.”
The pig sighs then shrugs its head and trudges back jumping in the ambulance front doors.
“Come on you seahag,” says the pig to the old woman fumbling with the door handle.
“What bug?  Now, I used to drive a city bus.”
“Oh this should be good,” says the pig as the old woman turns the ignition and burning rubber squeals out of the parking lot in the ambulance with Halo and Bup clinging to the dashboard in the passenger seat of the ambulance.  The pig, able to jump in the wildly swinging back doors in time, yells, “You fucking nut!”
The trash barrel the old lady dropped her baby doll into suddenly explodes as Grannie puts her turn signal on and scoots out the parking lot laughing as the Senior Citizens building goes up in a ball of flame.

CHAPTER 34
The road, bumpy, as the ambulance wears its shocks like a dog collar in a sexual circus exhibit, “Oh yes, yes, we are here, we made it!”
“We are where?  An Auto repair store?
“I hope, we need a mechanic, you ruined this vehicle,” Says the pig.
“No, we are at the Nut Shop!”
“Oh of course, that makes sense, out of all the places it can be, we go to the nut shop.”
Halo looks again and sees there on the side of the road a small cottage with a sign built like a log cabin which reads, “The Nut Shop, Best Nuts In Town.”  They roll between an old brown station wagon and a hippy Volkswagen mini bus and park with a gasp of bursting steam exhaling from the front of their hood.  Bup and Halo hop out with the pig.  Halo lunges forward as Bup, overly anxious, slows down his brisk pace, “Remember who your chained too,” says Halo while their shackles clink with each step.
“This is nuts,” says the pig.
There is an uncomfortable silence, as Bup, suffering from the alarmingly bad joke, gasps in pain.
“I want a 10 lbs. bag of Salted Roasted peanuts and about six cashews!” says Grannie.
Inside a boy appearing to be around the same age as Bup and Halo, but very hairy and hard to tell.  He is free form dancing to music only he can hear.  He is very hairy, with a full grown beard and long hair reaching his lower back.
He is unwrapping a peanut brittle bar while dancing,  He brings it up to his lips when Halo chucks a can of almonds at him.  It hits him in the forehead with a loud “Whack!” and the brittle drops and shatters on the floor.
Bup is a little taken back.  “Why did you do..”
“Don’t you see?  His wrist tag?   He is allergic to Peanuts!  He must be suicidal!”
The guy looks over at Halo and digs into his pocket for a half smoked cigarette butt, lighting it he grins, “I owe you a life debt.” He says.
“What you on some death kick?  A peanut allergy and you want to eat peanut brittle and what, follow it with cigarettes?”  says Halo she picks up a bag of roasted almonds and whacks him across the face with it, crushing the cigarette.  “I may have just saved your life two times now in two minutes."
“Tradition says my life is now yours, I am your responsibility, I must follow you into the end, Do you accept?”
“Well…  we kind of need a ride, our driver, she’s a little bad at seeing, and she ran over a gas tank earlier and busted out the front end, when we were trying to get some gas.  We only had $3.30 and couldn’t find where to pump the gas. It turns out the ambulance is a hybrid, runs on battery, but anyway it’s on its last legs.”
“Cool as dewy grass,” says the long haired hippy.  He continues to make slow dancing swerving moves, butterfly wings, sway with his hands and hips, “Right-eo Cool like frosted jelly bean shakes,” he smiles and points to the bus.  “All aboard.”
“Eh?  I have a gun,” says Grandma Hope, “and will blow your brains all over your clean mopped linoleum tiles if you try any funny business.”
“Oh hit with a truck of fear, end negativity my dear, only good vibes here.  What’s grandma doing?”
Grannie Hope reaches into her purse and pulls out what looks like a hair dryer, “Ok you there, Gibby behind the counter, Give me all you got.”
“What?”
“Give me your money, give me your rings your watch your clothes, Gibby give me your everlasting youth!”
“No!”
“Yes!  Or I will pull the trigger.”
“What your going to blow him?” asks the hippy with a large grin.
“Come on Granny, this is embarrassing.” Says Halo.
The grandma steps back into the almond bin and scoops out a cup of nuts, “Everybody looks like nuts are back on the table me hearties!  Sack this nut hut!”  and she screams a little running very slowly at the cashier who is  backing up into the wall behind the counter.
“What is she doing?” he asks.
She keeps running slowly in his direction, “Take that row of sacks,”  when no one moves she says, “What?  Think its going to make a difference one way or the other, we’re pirates and we are going to hang regardless, so sack this ship and grab the loot! He he!”
Bup closes his eyes and shakes his head, his hands still cuffed behind his back, Halo shrugs her shoulders and picks up two sacks of cashews and pistachios.  “Got a point,” she says.

CHAPTER 35
The Bee Queen looks at Leafdreams, and shrugs.  She speaks with her lips frowning, “When the Clog took me, they infected me with their flame, purged all the good in me that remained.  I made love to the Clog for orbits and orbits they took me, it did something, it changed me, now I am their bitch, and you my treat are a very hard to come by tasty Earth chicken.  One of the final ingredients we need for our Spoon Bread recipe with mincemeat we are preparing for our Lord and King, the ALL outside the WALL, when he returns for his 2nd Brunch. Why the long face, do you understand what a great honor it will be to be eaten by the ALL?”
“What?  No, I’m not a chicken.  I’m a human.”
“Oh, I’m not a chicken, says the chicken to the cook.”
“Look, I can get you plenty of chickens, I myself have eaten probably close to 20 thousand, but I’m not one.”
“Stop playing with the food!” yells a voice from above deck, “Put the shock collar back on him, toss him in the cooler.” 

“I got to get the hell out of here,” Bup says to himself, as Halo lumbers on in front of him, dragging him a long with the leg shackles.  He picks up the pace to walk next to her.  She looks pretty cute in chains.
The old woman, Granny, walks slowly across the barricaded road, there are signs of a battle having taken place, windows shattered, vehicles abandoned and smoking, the Hippy is rolling a cigarette as he walks.  They had to ditch his van after the third flat from road debris, they didn’t have another spare.
Granny stops by a large congealed black puddle, she reaches down and dabs her finger into it bringing it to her lips.
“Yep, tasty, they ate what they could and dragged the bodies away,” she says.
“Savages,” remarks the pig.
“Who did it Granny?” asks Halo.
“The cows,” she answers, “The cows you freed.”
“Oh,” Halo takes in a sharp stabbing breath, “I’m responsible for this? How coul..  oh nevermind.”
Back on the cracked and disheveled sidewalk, with sections of it stacked over others in stepping stone type of upheaval, there is a monitor on what looks like a local news station.  The picture is frozen on one image shown through ribbons of static of a large spacecraft over the ocean, and below it a wavering caption reads, “All satellites are deteriorating pulled through the atmosphere.”
They walk past a tank.  It is lodged with broken tread ridding jammed on a large cottage built into a hill.  Smoke is billowing out of it.
Granny pushes through a beaded doorway and they follow.  A sign above it reads, “The Lion’s Den”.
The group trickle inside, except for Halo and Bup, still shackled together, they stand near a hotdog vender sitting under a yellow umbrella with a red balloon tied to the cart.  He is a little frail .  Only his lips are visible as around his face space goggles dominate  his head.
“Pssst..” he whispers motioning to Halo.  She turns to look at him.
“Ever have a 7th generation hotdog?”
She stops.
“Why no,” she replies.
“Then my lady you are in for a treat, I have two 7th generation dogs ready, they are 3 cents each,” his lips pucker up in a smile and he pokes in their direction with his tongs.
Bup, shackled to Halo, and in an automated walking daze, stumbles unaware Halo has stopped.   He trips.
“Hey Bup,” says Halo kind of kicking him as he, frowning, brushes himself off.
“Yep.”
“Aren’t you hungry?”
Bup stares at her, “Is that a toad sitting on his shoulder?”
“They’re only 3 cents Bup, and they look good.  What else are you going to buy with 3 cents?  A grain of rice?  Get us two dogs Bup, I’m broke!”
Bup sighs and digs into his pocket and pulls out a quarter.  He hands it to the vender who is wearing a giant smile.
“Here let me get your change,” he says, and makes a slow labored show of pulling out, one penny at a time and slowly counting them.
“Ahh… oh..   you can keep the change.”
The venders giant smile lights back on, “Oh thank you!  Well here you go.  These dogs hold the DNA of about every living animal ever created since the great fall.  Enjoy!”
As the vender bows down to get the cardboard holder for the dogs, his hat slips down and reveals two small antlers.  He quickly covers it back up.
Halo smiles as she holds her hotdog, “I’m kind of a plain Jane when it comes to dogs, not too conservative, but I stick to the originals, I only eat my dogs plain.”
Bup flinches as the vender practically slaps him with his hotdog, “and you my friend?   Any special condiments?  This is the part I relish.  Ha ha ha!  Get it?”
“Only mustard.”
“Oh my boy you got it!”
He reaches over his shoulder and grabs the toad sitting there.  He holds the toad over Bup’s hotdog and squishes the toad with his fist.
Out squirts a dark yellow mustard from the toad’s butt and he makes a neat line along the hotdog and bun.
Bup grimaces a little,  he realizes the toad actually a mustard dispenser.  “Have me a little worried,” he says.
The vender tips his hat to him, Picks up the carts hitch and running rolls his cart further down the road and makes for the bridge over the main stream.  Bup watches as the red balloon tied to the cart gets further and further away, still not biting his dog.
“Oh my God Bup!  It is divine!   Aren’t you going to eat your hotdog?  I’m gonna save a bite.”
Bup sighs and takes a bite, then, nods and quickly finishes it up.  “Your right it is possibly the best hotdog I have ever eaten.”  They walk inside.
Granny and the Hippy who has revealed his nickname to be “Salt”, are rummaging through a box of greeting cards and toilet paper roll holders.
On a bar stool behind the counter is a young girl Halo’s age, her eyes are midnight rip tide blue and she has a crochet needles stabbed in a jet black hair and bleach blonde bun.  A long braided ponytail wraps around curving down her spine like a fish hook.
“Oh, here come the fugitives, the misfits, the dredges, of a society that no longer has use of them.  Welcome to the Lion’s Den,” and she winks at Halo. “What up bff.”
“Its Bup,” says Bup.  Then “How did you know?”
“No Best Friend Forever, my bff, the girl your shackled to Romeo.”
“Hi Star, was wondering about your new job, I love Thrift Stores too.”
“Yes there red priced items are 40% off and the Blue 20% off .”
“Can you,” Halo lifts up her shackles, “?”
The girl Star grabs Bup from behind holding him by his handcuffs in back, she tugs on him, “Oh I can tell we are going to get along fine.  You into some hardcore ball and chain action from the back section?”
She stretches her neck to one side and tilts her head resting it on his shoulder from behind, she puts one hand on his chest and presses her tits into him.  “I can perform magic,” she says “I can make you rupture your pants right here with all of your clothes on.”
“Too late,” says Bup, then he, throat dry like sand paper says, “just kidding.”
She lifts her back hand up with his handcuffs removed and dangling.  “You’re free,” she says.
“How..”
“Told you I perform magic,” says Star.
“Well to create a baby is magical, but there is some prep work involved.”
“That’s the lamest pick up line I have ever heard.”
“They say for the sperm to penetrate the egg is impossible.  It cannot be done.  It takes a miracle.  And yet miracles happen everyday.”
“You a family man then?  Want some little Bups running around.  That’s nice but it takes a lot to impress me,” says Star.”
Star frowns then dips her hips aiming them toward Bup.  He feels a warming sensation like a cinnamon bun rising in the oven teasing him for a moment then she pulls away.
“On aisle four is a used toaster that makes the most perfect toast to the sounds of whales sing.”
“Well this has gotten a little awkward,” says Halo.
“Good to see you baby,” says Star completely dismissing Bup, “I missed your graduation.”
“Thanks for the handcuff removal, some goals are meant to stay dreams, I’m going to look over there in what is informatively labeled ‘The Mismatched Sock Bin’,” says Bup.
“What?  Don’t you know when to give up?  There’s adult section in back spaceman if you want to give it a look-sey.”
Halo lifts her handcuffs up and says “Star get mine too,” with a nudge, then “missed you.”
“Missed you too baby.”
Bup rubs his wrists and reaches down feeling the bruise on his ankles where the shackles once were.  “That really is amazing, do you have a hidden lock pick or something?”
“I told the chain how instead of bonding you two together, how would it like to have me wrapped up in its chains, my arms chained dangling up above my head and my body bound immobilized, legs buckled open, ass perched leaning on the wall, locked, linked, captive under its restraint.  And then I pet it delicately and it opened up.  Sometimes it’s not what you do but how you do it.  Do it with Love.”
Suddenly there is a loud moaning that echoes through the thrift shop, Halo looks up startled, “Let’s find Grannie and Salt,” she says.  There is another moan from a different direction.
Bup, still unused to being free of her, feels like he has always walked along side Halo, and he keeps in step with her as they go down the aisle of electric wires among baskets of couch springs.  “Grannie?  Salt?” “Piggy?”
There is a man bent over the small counter of lamps and light bulbs, he has his back to them.
“Excuse me sir have you seen..  oh my freaking God run!” the man turns around.  His mouth wide open showing large crooked jagged teeth,  sunken yellow eyes, he, moaning at them, his eyes and face in a state of terror, his olive pants around his knees, custard yellow shirt tucked into the front part, with grease and ketchup stains.  He spills a box of radio antennas and shuffles to get closer, with his one hand waving a plunger towards them a little aggressively.
Bup is making motions, “Let’s get the fuck out of here.”
They run down the eye glasses and magazines and find Grannie and Salt hovered down at the adult book section.  Bup sees a skull propped against the books, holding them up.  He shrugs then tips his hat.
Grannie is sitting on a small little stool holding her purse up.
“Did you see them?” she asks leafing through a magazine.  She is holding a centerfold two inches from her face. 
“We saw one, he looks ill.”
“Lobotomy Zombies!”  she says.  “We have an infestation of them here, I wonder what drew them over, but no matter, you youngins have nothing to worry about. They usually go for the ancient old meat.  Like me.  He he.  The scent of our meaty chops I guess, vineyard with age and interest builds with marinating our meat in our sweet old blood, taste gets better with age.  I wonder what drew them, there are no big meat joints around here.”
“Yeah, the hotdog vender left already, we got one of his 7th generation hotdogs,” says Halo.
“Tell me child you did not eat it did you?   Please say you did not eat it,” Grannie is lifting out of her seat.
“It was delicious.”
“Oh Lord, I fear unless you find and eat the fruit from the Light Knight soon, you will become one of them, doomed to walk the earth a mindless freak.”  They hear more moaning, it is getting more and more frequent.
Halo picks through the adult book shelf with her eyes, suddenly she sees one stand out, between “Butts play in Holes”, and “Jacks in my Hand and Queens on Three,” It is almost glowing and pulsating, it is a book entitled, “The Alchemist of Animals”.
She takes it.  “Oh wow!   This is an Alchemist Recipe Book!   A spell Book!  It’s got a red discount sticker on it.  She leaves a quarter on the shelf and puts it in her book bag.”
“They’re coming, quick rub some mustard on your head, lobotomy zombies like their brains plain, no condiments.”
Grannie digging in her purse gets out a handful of miniature mustard packs, the group of them rub them on their heads.
“We got to get the fuck out of here,” says the pig.
Grannie halts them, checking their heads.  
“Before we go anywhere further, there is something I need to see.  You know how you tell the make of a doll?  You look at the name stamped on their butt, I need for you to show my your butts, I believe my intuition to be true, I just need proof.”
Silence stretches.  Uncomfortable stares, then Grannie slams her foot down on Bup’s foot, “Your butt!  Just the right cheek!”
“Yeah, well I’m not doing any funny stuff for you Grannie,” says Bup and he turns around and lowers his pants.
Grannie gasps, “It’s true!” she says, “You have the mark of the Queen’s Knight wearing a mustache on a stallion!  A Knight!  And.. wait..  there is a series of 3 numbers on your butt cheek, I bet its to..”
“That kind of just looks like a skin blemish,” says Halo.
Halo then lifts the edge of her shirt and lowers gently the right side of her jeans to show thong underwear and a small irritation.
“An allergic reaction?”
“Oh my goodness!  You are the Queens pawn!”   Grannie says to Halo.
“What does that mean?”
“That there’s hope!”
Moans are everywhere now, a few people, possibly lobotomy zombies, are crowding the exit.  They are sniffing the air as if catching a scent of something delicious.
“Wow, they really stink bad.  How disturbing.”
“Bup I don’t want to turn into one, please Bup, Please save us!”
“Well if we turn into one lets at least use deodorant.  Whatever is causing that putrid stench needs to be shot.”
“Where is the Light Knight located at?”
“In the room right under us, it’s a light house temple, but what most don’t know is there’s a door to get in the backway, but it is locked by the light, a combination code left by the founders of this planet, but I’m betting my two loose marbles left, that your butts have the combination code written on them.  So if the light scans you, the passage will open.
Suddenly there is the smell of plastic burning.  They look around for the source.  Outside they see Lobotomy zombies, carrying torches, go stumbling into the store districts.  They don’t come out.  Thick black smoke is billowing out of this corner’s shop of stores.
The window crashes in and a moaning lobotomy zombie runs inside the Thrift Store lighting the evening wear on fire, the store is big, as the lobotomy zombies go running further inside. The smoke begins to build, falling lit derbies, makes it hard to stay together.  Bup finds himself paired with Halo, as the two find a public utilities doorway leading out to the water generator out back.  It is locked.
He sees through fire and haze, the others heading into an electronics section.  “No!” he screams, “It’s unstable, it’s going to..” the ceiling and walls crash down,
Suddenly the wall opens, a door they did not notice.  Bup and Halo run inside they notice too late that it opens to a giant hole and they fall into it.

CHAPTER 36
“Three Interlopers to see you my King,” says the Sargent of Arms.
The Manitree King Ark turns, a cold feeling of numbness approaches him from down the hall, he looks in their various direction and nods his crowned head.  “Approach!” he commands and sees the withered forms of men detach from the shadows and take form.
The closer the trio near the more the coldness develops in his chest, only one clan has that much control over him, these three are from the Raven clan.
“Kneel before the King!” commands the Sergeant of Arms.
The Interloper, the one in the middle, flashes a smile like a dagger stuck in a wedge of cheese. This fails to satisfy the guard who turns with a low swing of his club to knock the feet out from under the visitor, but just as it looks like the club is going to connect with the back of his knees, the messenger from the Raven Clan dodges it.  With a leap and defying the laws of gravity and nature, he disappears and reappears in the shadow of the tall wooden alcove where the sculptures of dead Kings stand watching.  Crashing his leg like a piston in a high power kick from behind, he dives from the ceiling to smash the Sergeant of Arms head, but a milli-segment before he connects his leader from the Raven Clan, reaches out and strikes his man in the chest.  He immediately halts, frozen in place. A thin line of ice rises from the floor and completely envelopes the interloper.  “Cease!”
The Raven Clan leader lets his hood fall from his head revealing a tall talon like crown, there is no separation from his head, it is made from his own skull, very similar to the Manitree King Ark’s wood one that shines like a halo.  The King of the Raven Clan bows his head to the King of the Manitree Clan.
His one man, still frozen, like dark ice, his expression, one of pain, simmers when released of his own King’s hold, and then he adjusts his expression and nods in a sort of bow.  King Ark accepts this and the tension from the room lightens.
“I am honored to receive homage from the King of the Raven Clan, what brings you so far from home, King Morge?”
King Morge smiles, “I am honored you remember, the crown kind of always gives it away, how I wish sometimes I could remove it, but it is always in play, yet now in your company, I am eased somewhat to be in the company of one who out of all can relate best to the burden, grown from our own skull, sensitive to the pain of our people we rule.  Now my friend, I ask you honor the pact made from before the wounding, and once more, have our clans unite, under the rule of the Dream Raven Queen who your people once pledged unwavering loyalty to.”
“What’s this?  The Dream Raven Queen?  She was indeed a beloved ruler who earned our respect, but she has been dead for millenniums of millenniums of time.  The pact you refer to is a very weak on, it stands on only one troubled leg in these times of dark, my people are not interested in the troubles of a very distant wound on some far away pained servant, when we are covered in scabs and woundings of our own that will not heal into scars.  We hold no allegiance to you.  You must have a stronger hold on the Ocean of Yoke then the one you claim.”
“Weak allegiance my friend, your heart begs different, may I?”  King Morge holds his hand out and King Ark grimaces as almost reluctantly, he nods, and he opens up his wooden ribcage and releases his heart, a large albino white raven, who caws, and eagerly hops out of King Ark’s ribcage and onto the Raven King’s outstretched hand.  The guard around him grunt but King Ark silences them with a look.
“Oh, she is magnificent!  I havn’t seen one like her in eons, the white raven, what a beauty!  Oh I thank you, I know how vulnerable you are without her, the gift of the Dream Raven Queen, who made it, with the love of your people, a heart so you may move and be mobile, so you and your people, did not need to root your whole life in one spot.  Don’t you think you owe her more than your allegiance?”
“True, her gift, our heart’s we cherish,  However you understand, the dark deeds you and your Raven Clan fell into since the wounding, the darkness, the dark necromancy and the blood you spilt that washed over my people has cast a rift between us that has wedged and divided us from your cause.  We are not interested in the dark sorcery or animation of the dead.  What really, after all this time, do you offer, so near the end of all?  The ALL outside the WALL is fastly approaching for His 2nd coming of Brunch.  What would make us join you and risk possible the ALL outside the WALL’s disfavor?”
“We have something you need.  We know the Wyrm Queen’s agents stole the Dream Raven Queen’s recipe for Spoon Bread with Mince Meat, the ALL outside the WALL’s favorite meal.  We know, as well, how committed you are to prepare this meal as your kind has promised the ALL from before the wounding that you would provide Him his favorite meal and make him the meal.  But without the recipe, each day, you lose in obtaining the special ingredients, each day that passes nears the end of time when the ALL outside the WALL returns for the coming of His 2nd Brunch.  What are you going to tell Him when he is hungry and asks for the Spoon Bread with Mince Meat meal and you have none?  Where will you go when cast into eternal darkness, no photosynthesis in the dark, no light to feel, to feed, a tree cut off from the light of God.  No crueler fate.”
King Ark frowns, “I do not know how you obtained this information, it is troubling that it has reached such distance.  What is it you propose?”
“We have something, something that will help, your clan is much more powerful in raw strength and numbers, and we are being strangled in our corner of the universe, overrun, we need space.”
“What again do you offer?”
King Morge laughs as he pulls out a jar. In it is a glowing yam like melon, “Oh you're not going to believe this, hear me. In this jar, we have something that has not only made the Spoon Bread with Mince Meat, but has experienced what it tastes like, we have the Dream Raven Queen’s seed, it has been passed down and shares the experience of not only creating the meal, but experiencing eating it, the ingredients, we just need a host body to plant her seed into.”

CHAPTER 37
A red fire hydrant greets them, as they pick themselves up off the moist earthy floor.  A few blue flowers are growing in the lighthouse tomb, the dirt is soft, luckily, and there is a nice stretch of dirt that has some new green beautiful grass blades poking out of it.
“So I don’t even know what we are looking for, there’s so much stuff.”  She walks through the stacks of old books and leaflets and over carpets with intricate designs.  She walks through the densest area, some shelves disheveled,  toppled over in an intricacy of chaos, she walks towards the corner where there is a small well-worn stool and a pile of stone bowls with ancient leftover sandwich remains, “Peanut butter and marshmallow,”  she says.
“Looks like centuries old.”
“That stuff never goes bad.  Now why would someone settle in this spot, it looks like they spent a long time here.”
“Maybe they were reading?”
“but the light is much better on the other side.”
“You’d think if she is dead there would be some remains of her body, bones a skeleton or something, they said she was sealed in here right?”
Halo sits down on the stool and sees a small wooden shoe box with the engraving of a chess Knight on it, the box rests, clean, in between an ornate dagger stabbed in the wall and an unlit candle.  She picks up the box.   Music plays from its depths, a song of low melodious beauty, as if she was on board a giant cruise ship with a beautiful captivating orchestra, singing and playing breathtaking music as the ship takes water capsizing and sinking into the great ocean of unknown.  She sees a small hole in the wall behind it.
“Do you see this?  What do you think it means?”
“The candle is not placed the right way for reading.”
Bup looks at the small hole in the wall, he reaches into his pocket and strikes a match against the brick and lights the candle.
Suddenly there is a light breeze and a golden light spreads across the room, the wall reveals words scrolled on reflective canvas.  On the canvas is a large head painted on it.
“Hold on,” Bup says.
“Wow Bup, that face, it looks kind of like you.”
Bup reads the words, “Changing the face of Mental Illness,” written next to it.  He pauses, examining the painted head, then takes the brush and dipping it in red, paints a mustache on the face.  A breeze blows through the small room.
“That’s one sweet stache,” says Halo.
The sounds of squeaking in the walls, comes surrounding them from all directions.
“I think someone sat here to catch mice.”
“What?”
“That’s a mouse hole.”
“Catch mice?  For what?  To eat?”
“No I think, with these little ribbons and tiny notes on the floor, the mice were messengers of sorts.  Why don’t you use your spell book to talk to one of them?”
“Oh right on Bup!”  She fumbles through the recipe book for Alchemist Animals and looking under mouse, reads a paragraph and the recipe.  She digs in her back pack and finds a vial of pills, and pricks Bup with a needle, “I just need some flesh from a first generation of the rat clan, and a fish.  Hmmmm… I don’t have those so, next best thing, fish oil pills, I use these for my complexion, and I still have half of my 7th generation hotdog.  I am sure the Rat DNA is in there too.”  She swallows two fish oil pills, then one more, and pulling the elaborately wrapped hotdog out of her backpack, “Didn’t know when I’d get my next meal,” she explains, “and last it says if you don’t have any yoke use the blood of royalty or the sap of a one tree.  Well, I will try a drop of my blood, nothing royal, but its all we got.”  She pricks herself and pours a tiny drop onto the hotdog and swallows it
She knocks on the wall beside the hole, “Mr. Mouse, can you come out?  Anyone home?”
Coughing she gasps, the veins of her face are puffed out and filled with cracks like trenches around her eyes, “Mr. Mouse?” her voice sounds very distant and unrecognizable, “MR. MOUSE!” gaining power as her long hair streaks out all around her head billowing in ribbons and her face now flushes red and blue and her voice suddenly fills the entire room coming from all directions at once, “I said Mr. Mouse come out, I command you to!”  and she smashes her fist against a table where it connects fiercely and the table snaps in half.
Suddenly surrounded by squeaks, scurrying on the floor, there is a stir beneath the old documents and papers scattered, like leaves in a forest.  She sees a bulge tunneling under the rug come close and closer, then a head pushes out, then another and another.  She sees a pack of fat rats.
“Hi do you know where the guardian of the lighthouse is buried, the Knight of Light?  We were told she was sealed in this temple.”
“What’s this now?” says a rat who has a white ring around one eye, “A pawn princess?  How miraculous, native to this world too, how did you go unnoticed, how did you make it through the social filters?  You should have been weeded out centuries ago and sent out for training.  Its deplorable!   You are a living sin!   Do you know how much suffering your actions and even more your inactions have caused and are causing?   You had the power to change it all, now the game is lost!”
She winces and flinches back into her shell of sudden anxiety, “Oh, well How am I supposed to kno..”
Bup steps in, “Is that the way to talk to your Queen, you Rat Fink?  Get on your knees or I will cut them off and eat them.”
The rat looks on distastefully then nods and lowers its head in a bow, “True true you dirty little punk, but protocol got thrown out the window when we lost half what the Knight of Light was meant to protect.   She is still down there sealed in a tomb.  They keep her alive as her energy feeds them, but barely.   She is impossible to rescue or approach.  The Fat Cat has taken over the ROSE, its proper name, below, once our city.  Now no one can go there, it is full of unspeakable evil.” 
“How do we reach her?”
“Oh, gun hoe are you now, now that our souls are already sealed in the nine planes of hell, a little too little a little too late.”
Bup snarls and the rat takes several steps back, “Oh what the hell right?  To pass her wards one of you must first join the dog pact, just paw print on the scroll there and a drop of blood to connect, but there are certain requirements and obligations, as there are joining any military or clan.  There will be dire consequences in the spirit realm for the decisions you are about to forgo.”
Bup nods, “I accept.”

CHAPTER 38
Rib digs her paddle down rowing away from the shore land mud.  The mud releases its hold with a slurp and the small canoe edges out into the faster currier of tide.  Along the shore, in the reeds the river whispers and the crickets raise chirps and pour their songs out all along the iridescent mushroom stools and midnight black lily pads.  Frogs play hopscotch.  The lily pads dot the shoreline wading into deeper waters.
Large war machines, wicked blades and large crowd control toothed spiked wheels, to churn and crush bones, rust here corroding.  The giant submerged war machines, masher of bodies, built to kill, they hold honor only in mass death.  They lay mostly submerged rusting in their watery graves.
She rows past where plump toads migrate, occasionally slick scaled hands reach up from the river and grab hold of the toads pulling them down beneath the blanket of calm water into gummy mouths and bellies.
Rib does not fight them, indeed, the dead seem to be encouraging her on her way and happy to steer her towards her destination.  She sees a few faces peering up at her from the depths of the silver mercury tide when she turns to row.  Her reflection stares back at her.
She is small for her age, her body open and blossoming, the flowers and vines cover her body’s bare essentials and wrap up her thighs and tits tightly.  Her skin is a smooth ash bark with her hips decorated, long legs exposed, her beautifully manicured garden is mostly covered in a pink petal skirt.  A choker of fire is visible under her cloak and a lone living rose bud rests under her right eye.
She whistles and points and the beautiful jet black raven with the red emblem of their family crest on its chest, turns its head and with a caw rises beating its wings and soars into the air.  Blight flies past the hover of winged insect lovers, breeding and momentarily distracted.  Easy pickings for the beasts feeding on them, interrupting the love making with deadly consequences.  They swarm in a breeding frenzy of hunger.  Rib knows it’s all part of the cycle, but does not doubt the hardships of both lover, prey, and predator this night.  She and her raven haven’t spilt any dreamer’s real blood in their last few passages.
“Can the sky get any darker or higher?” she wonders staring up at the sky spiraling upwards in levels of intoxication and beauty, of cloud structures and castles and swarms of flying inferno beasts diving and circling the fire.
The rocking of the canoe puts Rib at ease.  The potent residue of passing souls, calls of the damned, she inhales, holds them in dearly, then lets go.  Getting high on death, the energy, when released from physical form into the spirit is so overpowering and beautiful, it’s the best high she has ever known.  She does not take or bottle any of the river of souls up, she does not have the proper canteen to hold them and she knows how bad the lost souls want to return to the river.  The raven, her heart, screeches and comes hurtling down landing on the lantern hung on the bow of their canoe.
The Raven strong before, now, powers incredibly potent, can rival the best of them.
“Did you ask then?” asks Rib.
The raven shakes its head, she hears its hidden grin in her mind and his voice that can command the dead, “Caw!”
“What?  Why not?  What did you do with the Gold coin to pay the Wagoneer train then?”
The Raven pulls out a bag of seeds. They are very vibrant and their tiny roots squirming searching for something fertile to grip hold of and root.
“A bag of Harpy Seed?  The Gold yoke coin?  You ate too much, stole it no doubt gorging yourself instead on the wyrm in the market stand.  You must pay the Ferryman to pass.  My my Blight what exceptional taste in seed, little tears of life inside this dream, but don’t you know that seed is no good, it eats out the heart and explodes the trunk of any manitree.”

CHAPTER 39

“A little déjà vu I’m feeling, what do I just do this?” and he plants his palm on the open scroll.  He feels something, like as if a giant wolf is charging through the paper and is right beneath his hand.  He stands his place as his hand opens up and absorbs the wolf’s body very slow and intense.  He feels his mouth stretch open into a harbor for sharp teeth, its head digging, shoulders pushing, each inch forcing up his arm into his chest as if the wolf is trying on a new jumpsuit that is Bup’s body.  Bup suddenly feels an overpowering of his senses, smelling things far off as if for the first time.  His eyesight very keen and sharp, then chokes, the pain unrelentless, unyielding and he wonders if now this pain is his new fate.  He cries out  “Shitted Fuck!” the words come out as a howl of loud baying.
The pain is gone, he is afraid to look at his hand thinking it’s gone as well, just a knobby bitten off mutilated wrist, but he raises it up and stares at it.  He cannot find a scratch.  There is a tiny bead of his blood on his finger.  He, a little more reluctantly this time, closes his eyes and touches the scroll with his drop of blood.
Suddenly the box with the knight carved on top the side lights up.  Halo, exclaims “oh wow!” in a excited quickness of breath with a big intense smile, she hands it to Bup who opens the box and appears to be momentarily blinded by a strong bright pulsating light.  They rub their eyes to adjust.
Halo sees the box holds a glowing ruby pearl necklace.  “Oh my goodness!  Its beautiful!” she exclaims.   Also a book, an ancient, by the looks of it, diary with red claw marks on it.  She hands it to Bup as she holds up the necklace.
Bup opens the book.
It is in another language, but there glowing out a prism of rainbow light, there on the page, are paw-prints, that glow.
As Bup touches the book words suddenly form upon it.
“This is a Yoke recipe book!   My dad used to tell me about them years ago, and the necklace has jewels of Yoke on it!  Yoke Halo!  Can you believe it?  I thought it was all a fable!”
“No way!   Really?  Yoke?”
“They say it’s the blood of the gods, the matter of the stars, and that it doesn’t exist anymore!”
“Oh.. yes.. very fine, yes, perhaps I can offer you a trade for that used necklace, something you want?” asks the rat licking his lips.
Bup reaches up and grabs the rat then tossing him up drop kicks him into the bookcase.
Suddenly Bup flinches as if struck by a bat, he grabs his head in pain.  The rats witnessing this look at him questioning and whisper to each other.
The rat king springs back up.  “Do you know you are hopelessly surrounded, we could easily overtake you if we wanted.”
“How do we free the Knight of Light?” asks Halo.
The rat shrugs his head down, “Ok ok If you were a rat you could go through that hole but..  if you knew her, you can figure it out, she guards this portal, so what do you know of the Knight of Light?”
“Nothing really.”
“Hmm… well not many have any knowledge of this, but anyway she goes by many names, one is Mother Nature, one is Captain of the Lunar Atlantis, she’s been called Aphrodite, Goddess of the Forest, and perhaps her oldest title, the Knight of Light, she is a beacon of hope, a bright light in a dark world, and also a raging bon fire in the forest, a destroyer of love and beauty, she was also a water manipulator and part bitch with an unusual sense of humor.”
“What made her a bitch?  I thought everybody loved her.”
“What?  Her tail.  Hell I don’t know.”
Bup rubs his chin, “Do you mean a dog?  The bitch, a female dog?”
“Oh, I see.  Smarty pants Bup!” says Halo.
“What did you think I meant?”
“So how do we go to the Rose?”
“Better you then me, I’m not stepping an inch in that underworld.  But for your question, she was a water manipulator and part bitch,” repeats the rat king, “what do you notice about this room, what is it missing what seems out of place.”
They stare around the room, diagrams of flowers and old dusty books fill most of the wall space, everything looks like its organized but by a professor of the arts, more together to compliment the colors and shapes and look, then for study purposes.
“Uggghh..   a little out of place, the bright red fire hydrant over there?”
“Oh we turn it on?”
The rat frowns and his head sinks into his neck as he sighs, “She put a kind of ward on the entranceway, only the children of Eden can enter, ones who partake in the drinking of the blue soul, its instant death to some, you must turn on the fire hydrant and enter the water ‘s portal.”
Bup finds a giant rusty wrench leaning against the hydrant, with some torking he eases the bolt and is rewarded with a stream of water shooting out of the hydrant's side.  The stream flows and churns and shoots out and gathers on the cement floor to form a small current and wash down, in a cyclone a hidden drain.  They look more careful and see a vent of a sewage grill.
Popping the grill that blends in with the scenery, Bup says, “Theres a ladder, come on!  Its spooky!”

CHAPTER 40
Halo climbs down what feels like a long laundry shoot, she has the wind knocked out of her, but it is not a bad climb, she falls the last five feet.  Something pleasant breaks it.  She falls on Bup who is in the fetal position on what appears to be a pink bear rug.  She looks around, all along the walls fierce creepy animal heads are mounted and staring at her.  Some are so strange they do not appear to be from anywhere she has ever heard of or seen. There is a pool table in the middle of the room, this room is decked out like a trophy game room.  There are scorch marks on the hard plastic furniture and everywhere are skeletons of rat warriors, in decayed and broken weapons and armor.
“Where are we Bup?”  she asks.
Bup points up to a rose laminated on the wall, “We are in the ruins of the rat city, the ROSE, judging from the layer of dust and soot not much has happened here for a long time.”
A major battle took place here.  The floors are crumpled and topple down into the lower levels of the catacomb.
She stares at the statues of rats on pedestals, “I bet this place was once so beautiful,” she says.
“There are no signs of the invading army, we still do not know who they are, but we have to find the Knight of Light, But what if.. it’s a trap.” Says Bup.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean what if the pig and grannie weren’t in the right frame of mind?”
“You don’t believe that for one second do you?”
“No, but something just doesn’t seem right, there is a missing piece.  Either way our fate is sealed, we have to follow their instructions, there is no other way.”
“We left them in the Thrift Store..  they’re all dead.”
“They live in us.  We have to find her.”
“What if she’s dead too?”
They wander out the door into a large rat roller ring.
“Oh my God, this is a collapsed cemetery?   This place is vast, and incredibly creepy, what’s with all of these smashed coffins?”
“This roller ring has seen some action very recently, these coffins have fresh dirt on them, and the tree roots above have fresh sap, these holes up in the ceiling were just made.”
“And the incredible stench, Where to look first?”
“Not in these jars,” There are stacks of ceramic jars lining the walls of the roller ring, Bup looking in one says, “Ughhh I think these jars hold body organs.”
“Like Egyptians!”
He points to the maps pinned to the walls with the bus routes, “And if you look, these are all maps of the cemetery plots, the Crevick Cemetery, for instance, is right above us.  See the names highlighted, and their social status and job occupation in their past life.  Here underlined comments read “soldier,”  and these “chemist”  “alchemist”   “engineer” I think they went body farming.   I think this is a cloning facility and they are using the cemetery plots to gather the corpses DNA to fill the skill quota they need for their army.”
“Where are they keeping everybody?”
“You feeling like trying a yoke bead?”
“I have three pearls and three rubies, why?   Should I take one?”
“Well,” he pages through the recipe book of yoke, “There are different paths you can take but, it says to choose carefully before investing skill and abilities in things like necromancy, some abilities cannot be turned off, what if you use one to talk to the dead here and ask them some questions on what to do?”
“Oh my God that is so creepy but smart too!  What do you think should I?”
“Yes I think so but the question is who do you ask?”
“Maybe one who is freshly dead?  Someone put together well?  I don’t know.  Think it will work?”
“If we get a chair and a rope we may be able to crawl up one of these cemetery plot holes in the ceiling.   I kind of don’t want to know where they are being stored at.  Perhaps the Knight is above?”
“Don’t be getting cold feet on me now, lets ask a corpse quick.”
She walks towards a coffin that looks like it recently fell through the ceiling and is now in the middle of the roller ring, she walks slower and slower as she gets near the casket until she is stopped right at the foot of it.
“Ok what’s the book say.”
“I’m afraid it requires a blood sacrifice and a rose.”
“Oh a rose…  Oh look, is it ok if they are dead roses? Theres a bouquette that must have fallen though over there, but they’re dead, think that matters?”
“It doesn’t say.”
“Well lets try.”
She covers her face with her sweater and creeps to the edge of the coffin and lifts open the casket.
The corpse is preserved well, the tendons in his face are taunt.  He is an older gentleman, in his 80’s possibly at his time of death.
“Ok, not bad, ok now what?”
“Crumble the rose’s petals and place them in his mouth along with three drops of blood and a fire ruby of yoke, and you swallow a pearl yoke bead and make your command.”
She follows his instructions, with a stick, struggling, to open his mouth, “It won’t open!”
“You know, coax it or something.   You know what to do right?”
“I’ve never had this problem before.”
“At least it doesn’t say put them in his ass, that may be bad.”
“Well that’s true I guess,” she grunts and finally forces his mouth open with the stick and places the petals and yoke in it.
She swallows the yoke bead and she feels a euphoria of the universe flowing through her veins.  “I command you to help me find the Knight of Light.” She says.
“That’s a little broad don’t you..”
Suddenly there’s a deep moaning, then a quick piercing cry and scream of pain and then the corpse, twitching, a stream of black chunky tar gushes out released from his mouth, then he remains motionless.
“Was that..?”
“You got this, right Bup?”
There are voices above, “Who’s there?” whispers Halo grabbing the closest object near her to swing, it is a fry basket. It has several rat heads stuck in the crusty grease inside it.  She swings it menacingly at the dead man.  The voice above grows louder she backs up.  “Bup, you got this right Bup?”
“Holy shit the dead guy is moving!”  whispers Bup urgently, more dirt falls from the ceiling, “What if you woke up the whole cemetery?   There’s someone up there too!   We are not alone!”
“The whole ceiling is unstable, we should get out of here, lets try to go in one of the lower catacombs, where the floor caved in, the trophy game room.”
Before they can move the dead man stands up, he points to Bup, “I have been staring at you naked for a long time.”
Bup looks a little taken back, “What dead people watch me shower?  What do you all crowd in the bathroom or something, is that part of hell?”
“A sculpture on board the bridge,”
 “Oh, yes, of course, that’s nice, that makes perfect sense, first thing I would say when resurrected from the dead too,” says Bup,  “I appreciate it.”
As the zombie turns away Bup mouths the words, “Drama King,” and points to the dead guy.
“I have been pondering the riddle, ‘Why did the man cross the street? Because he was a chicken,’  But was he?  Released from the confines of my cell, cut off from the source that I must return, why did you call me, I was in the song, was it because of her?  Am I the man who is a chicken but still have not crossed the road?  My last chance to make amends?  But I was open!  Now you awoke me in this dream state!  But I am to be as you command, although I only can live in my memories, this is a dream to me,” says the zombie, then, “You now have all of the knowledge and unlimited resources of the dead, you can tap into all that’s past.”
“Oh wow!  Look Bup I’m a necromancer!  Well what would you like to be called?” she asks the zombie.
“My name is Henry.”
“Henry?  Ok, well Henry I am Halo and this is Bup and we are looking for the Knight of Light, do you know where she is?”
“Yes, she is imprisoned, her life force cannot hold much longer, they dammed all the rivers of her yoke that feed her, they are trying to drain every last drop of yoke from her before they convert her to their side.”
“Okaaayyy..   well is it possible to save her?”
“It is a dangerous game you play, this quest, she is where the fire dwells.”
“Oh fuck a duck!” says Bup holding up the yoke recipe book, “I didn’t see this continued on the second page, it says beware if you raise the dead you have half an hour then it will cost one beating human heart, and the human has to be willing, if there is no heart sacrifice, it will claim the one who summoned it.  I think that is you Halo.  I’m so sorry!”
Halo’s mouth and nose twitch like a little rabbit while she thinks, “Well we have some time to think about that.”
Dirt right above Henry’s coffin is now pouring down in heaps, the whole ceiling is caving in, there is a lot of movement above.
“Bup….!   Grab this, when they jump down clobber them!” she reaches for a frying pan from a long put out camp fire right by her feet, “Take this!  Clobber them!”
“What?  Should I swing to kill them or just knock them out?  Fuck!  What if they…”
“Shut up and take it, Bup move back the ceiling is caving in, you too Henry Move towards the game room!”
Suddenly, the tree roots holding the earth at bay above tremble dislodged and the ceiling, with a ton of dirt and dust and debris, caves in dumping on the roller rink.  As the dirt settles there are two figures moving in the dust, one is very small and bouncy, the other is clamoring to stand up and is rather bent.   “Bug What happened?” says a familiar voice, “I though this is where they said my Henry was.  Henry?  What are you doing down here?   Henry where are you, I cant see you.  Henry?  Henry?”
“Oh dear God here we go again!” says Henry.
The pig steps out of the dust, “Did you miss us?”  he says, “Looks like the new crowd your traveling with aint so lively.”
“Aruughh,” Bup groans at the bad joke dropping the pan, he climbs over the skate ring wall and goes to help Granny who is struggling to stand up.
“Thanks youngin, I followed the directions to where they said my Henry was, but he wasn’t there just a giant hole.  I really miss my Henry!”  she starts to cry.  “He left me, he left me all alone and they took me.”  She sobs into her sweater, “I want my Henry.”
“Aw how sweet, somehow I feel like I just won a teddy bear at the carnival!  Look we reunited them, huh Bup!   Hi Pig, Hi Granny, thought we lost you in the thrift store fire.”

CHAPTER 41

Over the intense purple flash Rib opens her raven eyes and sees the cloud of ravens hovering on the shoreline of the horizon.  She smiles a heart felt wounded smile. There they gather, perhaps for the last time.
She glides through the reeds and roots and low hanging briar leaves, leaving no footprints, she feels her clan close. Her heart, her raven, caws and she looks up to see it shooting on ahead in unrestrained anticipation to reunite with the clan. 
At the meeting place, the fallen ruins of a sacked temple to Goggels.  His giant statue is the three headed entity version,  naked to the point of showing genitalia alien to her, something she would have rather done without seeing, his statue, half buried and still rich in the soulmeat left there for sacrifice in a much earlier age, now a fertile bed for thick barnacle bone blisters the toothed insects called the bone mosquitos who suck marrow free from out the bone. They are a favorite snack of the blood raven. A curtain of vines clothe the god Goggels statue, his hip and back.  The shrine is overrun yet still a gathering point for a well of energy and a good source for priming the yoke.  Yoke, the stuff of stars, some say the blood of the gods, grants powers to those who use it.
Although time is defined differently here, she appears to be late for the Now.   She needs to return back to her body.  They have been dormant, peaceful, for half an eternity.  Now they attack.
 Notching an arrow in her bow, string taunt, her body is there yet now she is still a distance away.  She bites one of the runes of pure golden yoke, and touching the markings on her forehead, the bloodstar, she feels herself, a spirit of death, shoot forward and, like a brandished telemarketer in a morning office cubicle fated to sell out a stranger to a horrid death and torture to feed his quota in order for him to get paid to feed his family, lifting a mug of coffee up to drink, she sees her physical body, and as if her head was the mug, she rushes into it and fills it full of her soul.
“Whoop!”
Rib opens her eyes and licks her lips.  Her body feels sluggish, but energized.  She sees her brother to her side, smiling, she winks and gives him the sign of the raven, he aims his bow at her and before she can react he shoots her in the chest.
Breath gasping out her lungs from the impact. She grabs at the arrow lodged in her.  She gasps falls to her knees, then crumbles to the ground.
She pulls at the arrow while her voice, silent strains to speak, the arrow is stuck deep in the woven raven charm her brother gave her when she was a young pup.  The raven charm is made from the strongest medium of tempered metal forged in the old days when the yoke flowed out of the mountains in rivers and streams. “You turkey!” she exclaims catching her breath, “What if I wasn’t wearing it today?”
He smiles, “I know you.”
She pulls the arrow fully out and gasps, it is the blood arrow, meant to be shot into the King’s head rather than allow him to be captured.  It is made from one of the few tree bones that can kill him.  It is the most sacred honor of the Raven Clan, a gift they were chosen to guard and carry from the tear, “It’s an honor…  but I cant, I cant, pick someone else please.   Why me?”
Her brother, the chieftain smiling, laughs, “Because I know you,” he says.  There is rough bark coating his wooden legs, many pieces chipped and scratched and a plumage of thick scales of bark cover his back.
Ribs brother, the Chieftain, named Ark, opens up his wooden ribcage, exposing where a large Raven sits.  The Raven wears a small patch with a red emblem over his left eye.  It clenches and releases its talons, it clenches and releases its talons then it flies up onto Ark’s leafy shoulder.  “What shall it be then?” asks Ark, “Tree Limbs to play in or cages to protect?”
“More like confine, your heart is half blind,” says Rib.
Ark’s smile broadens, “They need my heart not my brain.  To serve, to what badly translates to, ‘a roll appetizer served with butter,’ to have for him, when he comes down from the stars, to serve him our Mama’s Spoon Bread from her secret recipe, as is traditional, as he requested, they need my heart, sister, my heart, my heart, but its not my heart to give” the Raven on his shoulder squawks, “my heart you must hold.  I trust you.  You must resist.  You must not react.”
Rib lets her tears fall unheeded as she embraces her brother for the last time.  She plucks off a leafy stem from his beard.
“This is one of the most stupidest plans I have ever heard.  What I don’t understand is why not just search for the Star Seed?  It is simpler and what ‘The All Outside the Wall’ is really after.  Doesn’t that seem more logical?”
“This comes straight from the Source, we do not Question.”

CHAPTER 42
“Hi sweet,” says Henry to his wife, “I really have always loved you, it wasn’t your baked potato that choked me, I had taken an overdose.  I was just tired.  I didn’t know how badly you would take it I am very sorry for putting you through that, for leaving you, I love you,” he smiles, “I always will.”  Then he straightens his hat, “There I said it, what needed to be said.”
“Oh Henry I love you too!”
“So,” says Henry to Halo, “now I shall show you how to summon the Knight of Light’s back door, it’s long lost in the memories of man, but back when the game was new and fresh it was used often, now only an occasional rat or dog passes through.  The spirit realms a portal that will take you to her, it comes with the job, her title and position require she be accessible, but it requires something that belonged to her that has good karma, something that holds her scent and carries her love, but it will get destroyed in the process” says the dead man.
“Will her paint brush work?” asks Halo, “it was in her box.”
 “Hmmm..  I suppose, but you also need her symbol to summon the door carved on the floor with the yoke, and, the blood sacrifice of an animal.”
All eyes turn to the pig.
“Forget that, you’re not sacrificing me.  I will hurt you!”
“Or well, actually it’s just your blood, enough to paint the symbol of light inside the yoke.”
“I’ll cut you!”  says the pig.
“We have only a sparse amount of yoke,” says Halo, “I hope this is worth it.” Then she says to the pig, “Come on pig, don’t you want to release her from her prison, its just a small sacrifice.”
“Small, I’m small!  How much blood do you think I have?”
“You will live,” says Henry, “Just like our first Thanksgiving together, you remember?  When we had to hunt down our meal and how squeamish you were about slaughtering the turkey so we just got one drumstick each and spared it.”
“Oh Henry, you remember!  I missed you so, stab the bug?”
Halo hands the paintbrush that belongs to the Knight of Light to Henry, “I think this has her good mojo,” she says.
Bup is turning the pages in the book of yoke to the right page.
“Is this her symbol? Ready pig?”
“Forget it!”
“Just think how happy she will be.  The rewards will be..”
“Yes?”
“Great.”
“Hmm…  what your saying is starting to make sense, Ok I will do it, with great personal loss, and pain, I might add, I can see you cannot do anything without me, you need me so bad, its almost sickening how dependent you are of me.  It’s a heavy cross I carry, the burden falls on my buckled shoulder to once more save us from certain disaster.  Ok I am ready,” says the pig.
Granny swoops down with a long slender knife and sticks the pig in the butt.
“Ouch you witch!  Oh my Goggle!  Oh my creator that hurts, OH my Lord!”
As soon as the yoke connects in the circle, a small reflective puddle of water rises up from the floor till there is a small puddle on the ground.
“Hold your breath and jump in, head towards the light.”
Halo takes off her blouse leaving her tank top on, she ties her pack around her waist as Bup lightens his load too.
“Do we swim far?”
“Just follow the light,” says Henry.  “My job here is done.”
Halo feels an intense stab of pain in her chest.  “OH ack!  Bup it hurts!”
Bup immediately puts his hand over her heart.  “I don’t really know how to activate any healing power, but I,” he picks up a glass bottle and smashes it against the wall.  Holding the neck he slowly presses the glass bottle into his chest, he gasps in pain, close to fainting.
Bup looks at Halo, she is still holding her chest and wheezing more with each haggard breath, her eyes are wide, “The pain, my God, it hurts Bup!”
Bup falls to the ground kneeling, “I thought I was a healer,” he says, “I thought I could heal you with my pain.”
“You are a healer Bup,” says Halo catching her breath, “Look at the pig.”
The pig’s bleeding stopped and he is waddeling around investigating the room with no signs of discomfort or pain.
“I think payment time is about up on the heart,” says Halo, “collection is coming.”
Henry shrugs, “Sorry child, it’s not up to me, it’s a law of alchemist necromancy nothing can be made from nothing, every action has an equal reaction, you cannot create life without taking it.”
Granny who has been shuffling around looking at the décor, says “My Henry you came back for me, Now lets not be tardy for our date at the QueenBurger in the sky, I want a small size of fries with my senior discount.  Come on, take me, lets go.”
Henry turns to Halo with a small stiff smile, “Thanks princess child,” he says, “You allowed me a second chance to make my amends, It will be hell with her nagging at me for all eternity now, but even worse without her.  Don’t tell anybody this but when all is said and done, her love is the only thing I care about, all that defines me, all that gives me worth,” and he smiles and shuffles over to the love seat beneath the blue sheep head, where Granny is already sitting.  They both, giant smiles, hold hands.  Henry presses his other hand over Grannys heart and says, “Come on dear there is something I’m just dying to show you,” and then they both close their eyes and Granny grunts for half a millisecond as Henry’s hands sink into her chest then both are silent as dust on bones.

CHAPTER 43
Bup and Halo rise out of the surface of the puddle portal with a long wheeze, gasping for air.  The passing through felt as if they arose from the bottom depths of the ocean of suffocation, but the puddle they step out of is only three inches deep, they sit silent gasping holding their chests hard, lungs heaving.
They step out of the puddle and into a large room, the walls, floor, and ceiling are made of wood, not custom built planks, no it is the slivering of living roots, alive, from many trees interwoven together in a bundle of knots to form the room.  At the room’s center is a small staircase leading up to a rather grand altar.  Around the altar an octagon is carved on emerald stone with an immense tree sprouting in each of its eight corners.  There is no wind but the trees are rapidly moving, their limbs stretching out and convulsing in a dance of intricacy.
“Wow.  How amazing,” says Halo.
“There’s no door out of this joint,” says Bup with an edge of concern.
“We are entombed I think Bup,” says Halo, “The glow from the trees and the sarcophagus up there are the only things lighting this tomb.”
“Well, I mean we could sit here or go up there and see who lies inside.”
“I am pretty sure I already know.”
They approach the altar hesitantly, the floor has carvings deep in emerald and ruby stone woven between the entwined roots.  Suddenly a voice surrounds the room and then comes moaning back at them, “Hail Weary Earth Realm Enders!”  it announces.
“Who ..?”
The voice continues, “Who am I?  Once passengers, now we guard the door to hell, we take no sides, whether the Mons or the Gels, the Fat Cat, or Light, Sain, The Clog, Love Rectangle, Blue Suns, or the countless other Factions trying to compete, it makes little difference to us, we care little of your wars for space.  We exist only to guard the doorway to the spirit world and to return home.  We have been waiting a long time for you.  We contain our flame in our tree body, but now we are ready for release of this bondage, for freedom.”
“Ah… of course, yes, now, is the Knight of Light here?”
“Yes it was foretold you would come, you fire eaters, you destroyers of worlds, she is here, but she goes by many names, one is Mother Nature, and in earlier times she was called Aphrodite, Goddess of the Forest, and perhaps her oldest title, the Knight of Light, yes she sleeps here in between the dream world and the spirit realm, she is the anchor that defends this planet.  You must kill her.”
“What?  I’m not going to..”
“You must decide, do you wish to save your world or save the universe at the cost of destroying all you know.”
“We can’t destroy Earth!  No, we don’t want to do that!”
“You know nothing of what the universe is, you wish to label this mighty vessel, the Lunar Atlantis, a planet, and label it your home Earth, and then dismiss it completely and move on thinking you know everything about it.   You are flea invaders, you know nothing, just parasites feeding on the soul of the Creator.  You see the tremendous ball of fire in the sky that has been slowly cooking you your whole life and you label it the sun and then you think you understand all it is and dismiss it like a used napkin.  It is worth more than an ocean of infinite souls, with each soul housing an infinite vacuum of space and universes of knowledge and life.  You must kill Mother Nature who guards the Earth, she is the last safety lock made, a ward to seal and hide your Earth from the rest of the universe.”
Bup takes a step back and looks around, “Things are seeming to get a little more serious now.  I mean this is pretty serious right?  Its not quite the same as a passive hello greeting that I was preparing to say when I met the Knight of Light.  It is now a sorry but you must fucking die greeting.  How the hell did that happ…”
“You must focus, you must fertilize the egg, the Dream Queen Raven’s seed.”
Bup and Halo walk further up the short staircase to where the glass sarcophagus rests, there is a blue light burning from inside it.
“You male child must consume the fruit of the triple black suns.”
Suddenly the roots along the floor grab hold of and climb up Halo’s legs, “Wha.. Help!” Bup turns around in time to see a ripple of roots surrounding him directing him towards the altar.  “Ok I get the point,” he says then looks up, “Oh shit me out a new rubber ducky,” he says and walks up the emerald steps to the multi jewel covered glass sarcophagus.
The voice partitioned in the wind and wood continues, “If you call them they will answer, their bodies will be released.”
“Bup,” says Halo in an urgent like whisper, “Bup the trees are still crawling up me, do something, do something quick!”
“Where is the fruit of the triple black suns,” asks Bup to the trees.
“Its been a good life these last few eons, a good life, we have been waiting for this moment for a very long time, we served the Earth children well, in a way we are sad that they all must die ignorant of their fate to a greater good.   Bye Earth destroyer, bye child of fire.”
As Bup watches the trees begin slowly shivering up, melting like giant candles but from the inside out, getting smaller and thinner, and as he finishes walking to the center of the temple, they rapidly shiver down to almost nothing, Bup notices what must be the longest branch, above.   A limb springing as it reaches down and with a strange fruit on the edge of its limbs, black, and in bleeding reds and sky blue.  It hatches open like a like a long obtuse egg and it cracks open and hatches out a banana.  It lays the banana down onto the hips of the sarcophagus, on a small saucer.
Suddenly it has gotten a lot colder.  There is a mist of icy air flowing out the sarcophagus, it isn’t glass at all but a block of ice.  Bup walks to it and delicately picks up the banana, pulling it out of the red and blue sap inside the egg lining.  
Halo gasps, “Oh Bup… it’s the perfect banana!  Remember what you said, your plan, how millions of unrelated coincidences opportunities and chance chaos lie between you and the perfect banana at the store,   Do you think…  do you think you’ve won?”
The ice coffin is melting, beneath it a stream of water begins to flow, trinkling up the walls, like a reverse waterfall, into the ceiling, a little stream, turns into a massive surge of water shooting up the ceiling.
Bup pauses, “Well… maybe?  This could be the perfect banana!   But now I’m a little scared, now that it is here,”  his face breaks into a super cheesy grin, “but what the hell, God’s got a good sense of humor right, I hope, and the funs not over right?  We get to go to Heaven baby.” 
Halo makes a frightened grunt, roots now wrapping around her waist.
He hears a new voice, a young maiden’s, “It’s so dark and cold..  its so dark…  so dark, I cannot see a light.  I was bound by fire and flame, I thirst for some blue soul, water of life, the yoke they broke, the yoke they stole they damned me of my rivers of yoke, they damned my light, I cannot channel my light, my love, my yoke.”
Bup, the banana in his hands, hesitates just one more second then takes a big bite and stuffs it into his mouth.
“Oh Goggle!  Oh my God!  It’s..  it’s so beautiful!  Pain!  The pain of the world, the beauty of the Unverse, now I can see..”
As the dark star matter eats through the lining of Bup’s stomach, in desperate pain he falls, fainting.  Time passes.
Halo screams as she sees Bup’s body suddenly turn red then deep blue then a dark shade of crystal green like a prism, as light shines on him and radiates around the room, before he freezes from his convulsions and he falls into the hole that is the sarcophagus. 
The roots that had been crawling up her suddenly retract, as do all the roots on the floor, walls and ceiling.  They all begin retracting and she sees underneath, beneath the roots are computer terminals and beautiful metal objects woven in marble and rock with a dull light underneath shining all around, breathtaking carved murals line the walls, and there are what look like controls, to house a very large theater of action.  She hears the humming of machines and a large lake of water makes up a huge screen above her, it turns on, “Welcome to the cargo hold of the Lunar Atlantis,” states a voice, “Find The One Who Listens to Trees, he will lead you to the Bridge.”  She sees what the roots hid, thousands upon thousands of empty seats, they have dust and mold and butt impressions as if people sat in them for a very long time, with fresh signs of the seated occupants just recently leaving.

CHAPTER 44
Bup finds himself nude and hovering on the ground beneath leaves and grown weeds entangled over his body in the fetal position.  He is laying on green covered moss on rocks surrounded by trees.  He is in a deep forest, no signs of any other occupants or manmade structures around.
He hears a voice calling him, perhaps the most beautiful voice he has ever heard, so familiar as if he has heard her before, but cannot remember, she is calling to him and he must answer.  He follows the sound as he meanders through the trees, as he gets closer the singing gets more intense more urgent more beautiful.   He is very near the source now, and while the song is playing he also hears a melodic voice call out to him, “Do not think of hidden meaning, do not decipher your paranoia for order must be released, allow yourself deep colors free of sight, allow emotions free of love and fear with no anchors to reason, labels undone, put your words for things inside a lockbox chest released.”
He passes a large hickory and sees the goddess of the forest standing in front of him in a shimmering veil of ice.  She wears a large rack of antlers on her head and her tits,  pressed inside a tightly confined frozen ice shawl, they sparkle with energy.  Her smell is of honeysuckle and spring and as she walks closer, her lips in a wounded smile her hips sway closer with her small skirt of blue ice letting steam rise as he catches a shot of her exposed radiant pink inner rose with steam rising around its petals circumference, her beautiful lips of her soul mouth are melting through the ice fabric of her skirt as they radiate out a hot glowing ray of morning sunshine.  She is only ten paces away and he feels her warmth and sees her teeth are slightly separated in a quick intake, a gasping of air, she has a tail in back that accents her movement as she places one foot in front of the other in a delicate dance.  Bup is incapable of moving.
“I know why you are here world eater, I will not try to stop you.  Fire and water are not natural to the planet, but to a tree it is a feeling of ecstasy to feel the flames lick the insides, the water rush burning through our pulp and wood.  If you take my water, demon, and fire your triple burning suns into me I will stop my dancing and the world will die but you may have a chance to save the universe and you will save your female friend.  You will awaken the trees from their slumber.  They burn in the inside of me.
Her hips now move back and forth slowly rocking as she nears him, “I want you to plant your tree trunk inside my earth, and feel my walls cave in around you, feel the burn I feel, enter me and we will be as one, fill me full of your fire, let me feel your flame burn through my loins and burn out my heart.  What do you say world eater?  Dare you taste my Forbidden Fruit?”
“Oh.  Ok my lady,” he says.
“You must take me in tree form,” replies the goddess of the forest, “In my tree state, can you handle that?”
“What?”
“You must do it now or all is lost,” and in answer just as the warmth of her heated furnace touches him, her body stretches up, and her skin begins turning a rougher shade of gray.  She turns her head up and becomes a tree.
Bup reaches out and touches the tree, the bark is smooth and warm to the touch.
“Umm I am a little..”
“World Eater do you want to save the universe or do you want to know the truth?”
“Ummmm well yes I would like to save the universe, and the truth, I mean who wouldn’t?”
“Realize you were chosen and made for this purpose, have faith, you are about to be tested, listen to your heart and the forest, now take me there is little time.”
Bup, already naked, takes a deep breath and shrugs his shoulders, “Why not sounds just perfect.” He says and begins searching the tree.
“Are there any warm umm… holes?” he asks.
“Enter the third tree facular, the third eye.”
“Ok, this is rather silly .. oh screw it.”
The goddess of the forest begins counting starting at .000986 and very rapidly adds 3.15 so that her voice sounds like a fire engine siren as she continues to count past 300 thousand now as she rapidly discharges out numbers.
Bup, cannot find an opening, he climbs her trunk a ways, and suddenly, in a fork of branches, finds a honey hole seeping sap and he lodges his tap root into her soul mouth, he  lunges, and thrusts into her, he feels her buckle beneath him as he plants himself deeper into the warm sappy hole and picks up the pace, but off balanced he slips and he falls out of the tree.
“Tell me you love me, tell me how beautiful I am..” says the tree.
“This might be a little easier if you were back in your human fo…”
Just then there is yelling and shouting and Bup sees lights flashing and hears the voices of strangers talking, “Here’s the other one!  And he’s oh good God, he’s naked and fucking a tree.”
“Put the cuffs on him and take him in,” says the guy.
Bup is knocked to the ground and handcuffed by two large fully dressed policemen wearing riot gear.
“Yep send them to the looney bin.”

CHAPTER 45
Tri-Hex is thrust into a burning cinder of stars, but feels no pain.  The stars all gather around him, as if they miss him and wish to welcome him with love, they crowd his vision, then erupt into an exploding avalanche of silver and gold and rainbow fish swimming in the river, like hot popcorn kernels popping in a bag, in an infinite amount of light and sound, they rush and explode all about.  He hears laughter and a cute mischievous voice speak, “Whatcha searching for?”
“Well…  I do not know.  Am I dead?”
More laughter, “A relative term.  If so, you seek Heaven then?”
“Oh wow, ok, yeah.  You know this is not so bad, I feel really..”
Yes?”
“Good.”
“Yes.  Follow the brightest source of light in the dark void of night, the shiniest star.  Journey through the land of Sain, the desert of Salt, Bring your King Gifts, your soul, your memories, your heart.”
“Huh? Ok, I got you.”
Tiny lights twinkle away as does the lite laughter.
First cold, then hot, a mugginess, a vapor of cool air, the cloud only sifts substance it does not sustain it.  Memories scatter some clinging to his mind like butterflies stuck on spider webs.  He realizes he is in a state of dreams, he hears what sounds like his own voice, if he has one, calling out to him.  He decides to try and answer.
“Talk to me,” he says.
“I am.” The outside he says.
“What’s happening?”
“What’s going down?”
“What’s up?”
Slowly he gathers in form, he steps out of a puddle and into a dimly lit roomy den.
There is a table full of food and a large man eating everything.
The food is beautiful as it is exotic as it is chaotic as it is in order.  The man glances up at him with a very large smile and passes Tri-Hex a menu.
Tri-Hex, caught momentarily off guard, smiles back and leafs through the menu.  It has more pages then his encyclopedia, and every single entrée is some sort or variety of space worm.  That is the main meat.  Tri-Hex frowns and drops the menu as the Man at the table chuckles.
“I was hopeing for something more…”
“Yes?”
“Appealing.”
The man laughs, “Look at the first entrée.”
Tri Hex picks up the menu again and looks at the first listing. It reads “Banana Spoon Bread”.
“Try it,” Says the man, “Break bread with me.”
Tri-Hex looks and sees a small loaf of it next to him, the aroma surrounds him.
He eats a piece and suddenly understands.  He knows everything.  He has unlimited power, he can create worlds, he can vanquish souls, he can rule them all.  He is a god.
It is so amazing Tri-Hex fails to notice the large man is addressing him.
Sitting Indian style on the table next to the roast turkey the Man props up his feet, revealing Alligator shoes, “My mind shines light from different working parts of my brain.” He says,”I am an eater, I am a consumer of worlds, I once was called the Architect, but that was many universes ago, before I consumed myself.”
“Now you understand why we eat,” he says, he smiles and continues, “You forgot to tend the garden,  The entire Kingdom suffers.  The Star Seed you ate, remember?”
“If it was this awesome power I didn’t notice, I mean why would it take the form of a banana man?”
“Maybe because bananas have such appeal…” he pauses, “or maybe because it remembers the days we swang from trees and vines you and I. Those days.”
He changes tone and his face takes on the soft wrinkles around his eyes and mouth of sunken treasure, “You know they say everyone gets a chance to be our savior, at least for one of our lives, everyone spends one lifetime with Godlike powers, who must suffer horribly at the hands of those we try to save, and be tortured and put to death, for their species to believe.  Basically what I am saying is everybody gets a turn to be God.  But do you know God spends a turn, from one newborns birth to their death, of being everyone?”
He looks at the pizza box and touches it and like a magnet pieces of pepperoni and sausage gather into small piles and take shape as meat men barking orders and pointing at different things, as they walk around in circles grumbling.  The man sighs, “I think more out of Luck than anything else, you have served the Star Seed well.  This pup will fly again, he only need to make it to the woods.  You must be blessed or cursed but the Star Seed choices you.”
Tri-Hex is faintly aware the back of the large man’s head wears the face of a woman, who has a waterfall of water pouring out her mouth, full of colorful stones and brilliant stars, large forests of radiance and worlds full of wonder and spectrums with an aura of spirit spilling out around her like a bright halo, a light fully shines from within the waterfall.  It flows on the edge of crumbling darkness, it is surrounded by creatures and shines.
Suddenly three red claw marks are cut into the Consumer’s face and run down the man’s face and chest.  As the wound grows bigger and opens Tri Hex feels himself being pulled into it.
“So, the Star Seed begins in the brain of a Master and is saturated in Yoke,  Blood of the gods, and blue soul, water, it also needs the Word of Light, and if planted in the death matter, the soil earth it may grow, the first half of the spoon bread recipe.”
“Are you then the ALL outside the WALL?”
“I am inside, I have no receipts of what lies outside the bag of space I exist in, but the price for the bag that consumes all life is high, it has a hole in it created by someone inside it, now there is a hole that leads just out.”
Tri-Hex tries to comprehend this, but only gives in the ecstatic euphoric feeling of Love and perfectness this Man is projecting.
The Large Man speaks again, “There are three of us, the Waiter, serving, waits, The Cook, Cooking, cooks. And me the Consumer of Energy Matter and the Creator of Souls, eating, I eat.”
“What is the Waiter waiting for?” he asks.
“For what else? The bill and his tip.
The Cook delights in his food, getting it ready and prepared, sometimes the food product has to go through drastic, painful stages, blenders and ovens, freeze dried and smoked, but in the end it is the most exceptional fantastic delicious dish for all creation to eat.  Each bite is an ecstatic orgasmic explosion, he wants me to enjoy it.  Right out of His oven it is brought over to me to enjoy and be nourished by.
“Delicious,” says Gord as he sucks down the engineering platform and an asteroid potato.
“A friend gave me a dandelion to plant on my star, I think, yes, I think, it shall go right…  here.” And Gord lowers his plump finger and touches Tri-Hex on the chest.  “Feed it well,” he says with a chuckle. “ but you know, the outside of the Universe is Inside me, the universe is inside you, and you are inside me and I am inside everything that is inside you.  Everything.”
 “This is your Golden Thread,” says Gord, twirling a long spaghetti noodle with his fork, “See how long it has become?”
Gord notices Tri-Hex is playing with the silverware, “Beautiful aren’t they?  Each plate, each bowl, every cup and utensil have a purpose here and have spiritual powers, Leave them be.”
“Now, hold on, I am going to season your life thread, he shakes the salt shaker over the noodle and adds a pinch of aragono to it before dipping it in butter.
“There, now you are an Agent for Hope.  Oh its going to be so good!”
“As your reward, and also your punishment, You are now a Healer.”
“Now, I have one last coupon for a Dreameon Turkey.”  His lips form together, “Oh,” then they crease in concentration, “oh, but it expires in one contained cycle.”
“What?  Turkey?”
“Ahh…  yes, you are going to be the main course I believe.”  Says Gord with an eagerness in his eye, “Oh garlic drumsticks, I could munch on you until I get sick.  The Universe is immense, and always remember,” he says in a stern whisper, “Anything is possible, and speaking of how anything is possible.  There is a little matter I need you to take care of.   Seems theirs a madman out to destroy the universe in search of one thing.  He is a ways off, but gaining power as many of the lower factions are joining him, and he gets closer, tupperware cart by tupperware cart.”
“Well, good thing we have you and all your infinite power and your armies and arsenal, a harvester of life and death.  Leave me out.  What, by the way is he searching for.”
“Well, that’s kind of where you come in.   He searches for his original brain and all his memories stored there.”
“Ok, a little odd, but I still don’t see where I come in.”
“Yes well, heres the kicker, the brain he searches for is in your head.  Ahh HA HA!  Isn’t that a scream?  Do you believe in coincidences?  Small world huh?  He is you in another form, there are three of you, dont you know.  The Waiter, The Cook, and the Consumer.”  

CHAPTER 46
Tri-Hex opens the orange plastic med vial.  Retrieving a small yoke droplet he lets the teardrop of yoke fall into the greenbean plant pot, where the roots of the plant open up and accept it.  There is a sudden reaction and a small ball of light, a miniature star, rises.  He turns to the greenbean plant growing from a pot in front of him. The plant, opening the sky antenna, sends a transmuted code, and becomes a doorway of communication through the stars. 
“Contact the dream dealers on Ikon 4,” he announces.  There is a small fizz from the ball of enlightenment, the greenbean plant shakes a little, it curdles, and its petals spring out straining.
“Greetings Tri-Hex, your notoriety goes before you, it is an honor to speak with you about our little proposition.”
Tri-Hex runs his fingers through his metallic run on beard, it leaks in battery acid resin.  An oily smell fills the room.  “Oh yes, its been a pain in the butt to contact you, who are you?”
“We are the green you see in certain dreams,” comes the answer, “You are probably unaware of us until we point it out, we like it better like that.”
“Oh ok, well green dreams, what do you want?”
“We have a job for you.  You may be unfamiliar with our client’s planet, it’s the Atrillium, near the northern spiral, but it houses a large military expo and also a large amount of yoke and good farming land.  A large beneficiary, a war hero, a General with a lot of secrets, a lot of fingers in the pies, secret star bases planted, he willed everything, everything, to his favorite tree, called the Prophet11.  We need for you to go there and secure a sprout from this tree the same lineage, you understand, a son of the tree, and then chop the tree down and deliver us the seedling.”
Tri-Hex fights back a chuckle, “You are hiring me to kill a tree?”
“and retrieve its sapling.  Yes.  We pay extremely well.”
“How well?”
“Triple the normal rate for a class B assignment, and two extra star containers of refurbished yoke.”
“You’re kidding?  That much loot?  You have to back it up.”
The greenbean plant suddenly begins shaking then bursts sprouting out, it’s bean pods begin growing immense, rapidly they expand and pop open with a bright liquid glow.  Bup looks at the beans, they are glowing in pure seeds of yoke.  He chokes up, Sing, next to him, reaches and with a finger tastes one.  He smiles and nods his head, mouthing the words, “Pure yoke.”
“Hot dawgs, ok we are in, send us the coordinates.”
“We knew you would be the right one for this mission, ok submitting the information now.  It is time sensitive, we are giving you 3 Martha system rotations and will pay extra for you to forget.   Enjoy.”
“Forget what?”
“Exactly.”
“Exactly what?”
“We get it.  You already forgot.  But it’s time sensitive.  Don’t forget.”
“Forget what?”
“Forget it.”
Tri-Hex looks in the mirror and smiles.  His mustache raises up on the corners of his lips framing them then it falls off his face and into the sink.  Tri Hex frowns.  “This is never going to work.  I look nothing like a hybrid White Coat Surgeon, they are going to eat me alive.”
“They are so caught up in swapping organs with their giant egos they will never suspect it.”
Tri-Hex holds dearly to the guard rail as he catapults himself across and down the crew ladder.
“My God, this ship is pathetic!  I thought the Toaster model was bad, what is this the kiddie playship?”
“You know, every system has different norms, size is relative, this is a Plage ship, you know, remember?  The Mole Men we partied with for half a cycle, seems so long ago.  They’re a density small star system, way across the universe, such intense density gravity compacts bodies, makes them stocky.  Not sure how it happened to make it to the Swapkeys space port, it is good for traveling in high gravity fields, which is where we are going, and plus its all we could afford.”
Tri-Hex, ducking, still bangs his head on the doorway.  He smells something like rotten fish.  “Ewww Fuck!  Einstein!  That stink!  What the..  Ok, Sing, what is that God awful stench?”
“Oh, the bottom hull of our ship  is made from petrified shrimp-spider eggs, from the Plagetiist system.  They are very adhesive and light and have a lot of good pluses for being used in space travel. They also smell, but hey we have bigger fish to fry, the Bounty Head Gazette just uploaded the latest contracts.  There are quite a few heavy hitters near us, it would make a good cover to get in and out fast from the White Coats system.  Also on the same note, it seems your famous, Sain has placed a bounty on your head too, for receiving half the collection fee and not delivering the goods.  Your ads on the last pagen page”
“The whole experience really upset me.  How was I to know the Death platoon wasn’t that dead?  The old man tricked us.  How much am I worth”
“Well, don’t take offense, but about 100 refurbs.”
“What!  A hundred?  What does that even buy?  A round of beer and a few pinkleg cake rides?  How embarrassing.  Should I just cut in front of line at the SwapKeys port and offer someone to blow my head off and cash in to pay for some discounted Donkey Denial Sticks?”

CHAPTER 47

The trail meanders through the forest. Peebles glisten, on further inspection, snails slowly crawling, make the path.
“The snail clan honors you.”
Tri-Hex rolls his eyes, “Snail Clan, yay.”
The snail trail carves a path through the briar and tightly bound tree formation.  Tri Hex sees forms of light and foliage draped in the shadows, he hears their voices talking in the dark jungle, a multitude of voices calling all around, he strains and hears “He thought he was the thorn, he said thorns are beautiful too, but little did he know, he was always the rose.”
“So this tree of yours, the Prophet11, do you have any more leads on where to find it?”
“No, but I have this salted teaspoon carved from its branches.”

CHAPTER 48
A door is revealed beneath the vines and roots of the trees and Halo enters the small sanctuary, as they close behind her.  She sees an old wrinkled husk of a man watering a potted dandelion, the man looks up and smiles delightfully and immediately Halo feels better.  He has a strong aura around him and it encompasses the whole small room.
Listens To Trees’, lips already turned up and angled in a smile, in what must be his natural expression, lips smiling now even deeper and broader than before, now really solar beaming and exposing a shot of his ivory teeth, forehead sweaty, his dimples out, eyes wide open beneath his spectacles, he motions to Halo. “Closer,” he whispers.  
“Tell me about the clouds, I do miss the art of the master, yes come closer my majesty the Queen’s princess, Closer.”
Halo, holding a non-dairy butterscotch pudding out to him as if she is warding off vampires steps closer, “Are you..”  “Are you OK?”
In the background the sound of water dripping and over the small tv up high on the wall a nature show of naked people walking around the jungles looking very startled. 
“I was told to seek you out, it was not easy.  I was expecting a great…”
“Warrior?” smiles Listens to trees, “younger?”
“Well yeah.”
“Not some old geyser tied to a bed knocking on death’s door?”
“Well they said you were very powerful, one of the last Masters, but I am beginning to wonder if this all is just..”
“Crazy?   Crazy?” His eyes lift into space as his lips mouth the word, “Yes, Yes.”
“This place is run by the Fat Cats minions, they would like to keep you here in the dark and under their control.  They will sell you out to whatever fancy they can delight themselves in.”
“When it was found that coded messages in the form of sunlight could be deciphered, some were overjoyed to be able to communicate directly to the ALL outside the WALL, many began following, many began a whole new life of devotion, all felt renewed and blessed, all except..”
“the Heel?”
“Yes the Heel, an evangelist, on the verge of losing his huge flock, he came across some alien technology, a foreign alien race, dying, who wanted to preserve their knowledge of the universe, and gave the Heel a message.  They made him a master, but he couldn’t contain all of the power, it broke his mind into three pieces, but now he rules over the living and the dead, and can transplant the soul.  The Heel, infinite power in a shattered body and mind, was turned to a life of gluttony on the backs of the suffering.  His light is mutated, changed, by the lens, he froze around the sun, the mutant light rays make it possible for the alien race to live.  Now he controls the twin galaxies, but really you are not who you think you are.   The light has deceived you…  but I happen to know some things, there is something about what is called, “reverse cabbaging” it can be found in the library on the moon of the planet Kain in the Milk of Medusa Star Cluster, the coordinates and entry info are embedded in the code in this seed, I was going to activate it, but alas my days are numbered.  You must obtain the information found in this dandelion, it is our only hope, you see it has the answer to the riddle, “Why did the man cross the road?”  I have been pondering that single question for a millenium.”
“Oh, its because he is a chicken.” says Bup.
Listens to trees’ eyes roll up, a light coming lit in their depths, “Could it be… is that it?”
“It all sounds…  crazy,” Halo takes the dandelion plant, and puts it in the knapsack around her back.
“Yes,” he says “You are crazy, your future is cloudy, hard to foretell, so many different paths split and derive from the next three minutes, you are at a crossroads here, left or right, no straight.  Training you need, training I can no longer give.”
Halo sees the light flicker from down the hall,”Someones coming,” she whispers.
“Do you want to know the truth?”
“I just want to go home.”
“Home?” he smiles, “Yes my princess, you have no idea, the veil is about to be lifted, what’s it going to be your majesty?”
There is loud moaning from down the hall, “The lobotomy zombies!”
“Grab those two potted plants on the dresser beneath the tv!” says Listens to trees.
“I really do not need..”
“Grab them!  Grab them, grab them now!” yells Listens to Trees.
Halo grabs a small blood red cactus and holds a celery stalk plant, Listens to Trees claps twice and the tv goes off, he claps three times and there is a sound of a door opening in protest, “this is a staircase to the bridge of the Lunar Atlantis, it, the main bulk of the ship is buried in the ocean trenches, but the engine is the moon.”
“You will find your friend there, he awaits on the stairwell.”
“Come with us,” says Halo.
“I cannot,” One Who Listens To Trees rips off his shirt, “Oh its going down!” yells the old man.
The old half nude man lets the sheet covering his legs fall on the floor, Halo sees but it takes a few seconds to set in, she sees the bottom half of the old man is a tree trunk.
He winks over at Halo, “he he he…  they hate me, I will distract them,”  he pulls an apple from off his lower branches and tosses one to Halo, “the drugs are kicking in, may become a little delusional, now run you fool!”  then he goes back to “Nurse!  There seems to be a fly in my pudding!”

CHAPTER 49

Halo sees the open trapdoor beneath the old mans bed, his roots covering it just seconds earlier, she goes to the edge and looks down, a large glowing light is flowing out as if the light is liquid.  It is so beautiful.
Bup is waiting by the door, “At the Asylum a door opened up in a solid wall and through it I saw you walking closer, the door disappeared once I went through it.”
“Oh, are we in the Asylum then?”
Smiling Bup shrugs and takes Halo’s hand and with a slight nod they both begin their descent.
As they walk down the old weathered rock stairway they see all around them a massive forest of trees surrounding them on both sides, rooted all around the staircase.  Next to them walks the pig.
“How invested in your world are you?  How precious is it to you?” asks the pig.
“It’s our home, of course it is precious.”
“Would you sacrifice it to save the Universe?”
“Well…   I do not know.   Yes I suppose, What do you think Bup?”
Bup takes a deep breath, “What’s this cat up to now?  What’s with the really deep questions, don’t you know they are anxiety provoking?  Why can’t you just talk about the weather or day or something pig?  Why do you have to be so dramatic?”
“Ok, well then would you sacrifice your planet if it meant you both live?  Nevermind the Universe?”
Halo looks up then comes back from some far out place, “What do you think Bup?  Would you?”
Bup rolls his eyes, “My God such serious stu..  how do you answer that?”
The pig nods his head at the water spout, “It is erupting out the atmosphere.  Catching the moon, the moon, the engine to the Lunar Atlantis, is manipulating the water into solids, liquids, and gas.  It is instant, the outer hull is made of manipulated frozen ice.  The ship is constantly changing to adapt with the atmosphere of space.  Now your Earth, which is actually the material of the Lunar Atlantis, is under attack.  I should be there helping but instead I am walking with you and explaining to you things that you should already know, I feel this is more important than the fate of our planet.  I hope you appreciate that.”
“Oh,  sounds very self absorbing of you, How is that even possible, so like Jiminy cricket?   Your my conscience?”
“We share the same mind, our thoughts are intertwined. I feel your pain and you mine.”
“but what your saying is completely insane.”
“The Knight of Light was the passage, the road, you Bup were the car, and you Halo, you are the garage, the destination, and I am the cargo. Search your feelings, you know them to be true.”
“Are you listening to me?”
“Plan B,” says the pig, “Bup you go turn the Lunar Atlantis on, there is a switch hidden in the Laundry mat hidden behind the super suds detergent dispenser, our sources say it will turn on a machine to decompress the main cargo bay allowing us a chance to escape.  Halo you run to the end of the dock and board one of the small fighters.   Take your dandelion, it can navigate the space jump for you through its photosynthesis communication with the sun.”
“What do I do after I flip the switch?”
“You will probably not make it to the switch at all, at least I would be very surprised, it is just a diversion so me and Halo can escape.”
 “Oh, super plan.  I die, for a distraction, that’s really your plan?”
“Don’t worry I will always carry your memory in my heart.”
“Why don’t you die and distract while me and Halo make a break for it?”
“Well…. Because, I am meant for a higher calling.”
Bup rolls his eyes and grunts, “Your such a ham.”
“It’s a plan in progress just work it.”

CHAPTER 50
They hear coarse voices shouting and the ringing of metal on metal as they go down the stairwell, they can hear cries of pain and screams, there is a battle overflowing below.  “Now I have just a pearl of yoke left,” says the swine.
The pig stands up on his back legs and swallows the pearl yoke, his eyes turn a deep gold, and light seems to streak from his puffy skin.  Swallowing the yoke, the blood of the gods, he calls upon the spirits of the boars, who obligated by the war boar brother ship pact he made in blood, answer him inside his body and reconstruct his form.
His body transforms while he runs, he becomes submerged in the fog, his bones and skin erupt, his legs triple in size and his front legs turn into three finger arms and bulk out.  He becomes a Space Pork humanoid, and at full speed, while his body metamorphoses, horns and muscle binding over tendon and shrunken bone molding into a primal killing machine.  His body parts compiling and stretching, turning and like a spring uncoiled, his feet and legs have such strength he catapults towards the hanger near the catacomb of intricate walkways and piers.
 “Attack!” he yells.
Bup and Halo follow, not too closely, Halo sees in the distance a giant…  minotaur?  She gasps grabbing for Bup’s hand.  Bup reaches for his dagger.  The minotaur’s horns, long and sharp, stick out either side of its head, a thorn in the sky.  A pack, their voices harsh and coarse, they slam axes and clubs down around the Space Pork the pig in war boar form, just missing him as the pig dances with death.
“Hey Ugly, want a pork chop?” asks the pig as he lifts a hatchet and he chops through a leg of the Mon, a minotaur.  It screams as its leg teetter-tottles over in a spray of black blood.  The leg lays on the ground and the minotaur howling grabs it looking at it and back to its severed stump, as if in shock.  The pig laughing dances away.
“I do not think I want to die,” says Bup, “It is too much, I’m overwhelmed.”
“When the time comes I know you will do the right thing,” says Halo with a smile, she gives him a small kiss on the lips.  “You are my knight.”
Bup and Halo walk towards one of the piers leading deep into the ocean, the sea is in urgent turmoil, waves splash around the corpses of men, burnt trees, and pieces of metal debris and bloody battle cattle float, rise and sink in war gear caught in the ebb tide of the ocean.
In front of one smashed and looted store front floats a red balloon.  It grabs Bup’s interest, it’s a little out of place.  Bup turns inside the little shop.   The broken window advertises Soap Suds Submarine Laundry, he enters through the front door and Halo, a little shaken up follows.  They enter a Laundromat.
Sitting between two washers at a table is a man with a long braided beard.  His long hair reaching down onto the table, frames his eyes, as he eats oatmeal.  His name tag reads “My Name is: Heal  I am the Manager of the Fat Cat #2” and he is nude except for an open hospital gown and a loin cloth.  Bup exhales quickly, Heal, the man in front of him, his face, his build, looks exactly like himself.  Heal is his twin,  Heal looks on and smiles, showing coffee stained teeth, “Got some of that sweet stuff?” he says, “Got some yoke?  Any yoke, just a hit?”  his smile turns to a leer, he holds up a spoon, and takes off his hat as he stares at the spoon.  The spoon bends in half.  He covers his face with his hands and starts crying, his eyes tearing up.
“We… we don’t have any more yoke,” says Halo.  Bup is making motions to leave.
Heal glances at their name tags, “It’s you…..   Ice.  I’ve waited for this moment a millennium”  Halo takes a sharp breath and backs out of the door, and Heal smiles, showing a few missing teeth, “But Halo and Bup, but yes, no, Hah, those aren’t your real names now are they?  If your talking to someone its polite to know their name.  You ‘Bup’, You have a good time fucking the planet?  Shooting your fiery load up into her, impregnating her with a birth that will consume the galaxy?”
Bup’s mouth tightens, but his eyes, look of shock, give him away.
“You are a clone of me.  I am you.  You think you’re an actor somewhere on a stage, acting in front of everyone.  You’re a shitty performer in a low rate budget comedy club.  I got more jokes than crabs up your ass.”  he says sternly, “so be it, you can have the full spotlight, up on stage, your body encased in stone on the cargo section of the Lunar Atlantis.  To make immortal the man who ate the earth and vomited out the living universe.  I will make you a stone statue for everyone to see just who sold out his planet for his own personal gain.”  Heal’s head shoots up, oatmeal in his mouth dripping down his beard down onto the table, his lips snarl.  “I control you, and not until every human body from this planet, is gathered, and their souls, the yoke, the good stuff is saturated in suffering, their souls rooted in a ring around you, and you feel each ones pain and pleasure intimately, the yoke you have damned, and you personally live as each of their souls, and feel their pain as they die as souls unable to reach the Source, and you, damn them as you yourself are damned, and erase all purpose from their empty shitty lives, like I have been forced to endure, only then will you be released, only then will you understand what it means to try to take a world from me!  You will gladly kneel before me and beg to serve me!”
Heal tosses a wrinkled newspaper article down in front of Bup, it is old and yellowed, but Bup can still read the caption, it reads, “The First Coming Breakfast with God is Toast!”  then under it, “Young Slayer Rotten Apple Sauce!”
“What?  I dont underst..”
“To try and slight me my due, I rule this planet and I rule the Universe and I rule you.  I damn you from ever reaching the light, the Source.  It may seem like years and years, perhaps a million, perhaps more, as you sit on stage and watch your people suffer and die one at a time and come here and join you.  You will become the turd in the punchbowl, sucking life out your people.  They will haunt your dreams, but not until every seat is full, not until you return every soul, will you find peace.”
He grasps Bup’s head with the palm of his hand and slams it down onto the table, “I give you the Image of Sever, I’ve been holding on to it for a long time now,” he presses his palm against Bup’s forehead.  Bup shrieks as all traces of light leave his mind.
“Dark King captures Light Knight,” Heal says mockingly, “The Knight who would not Fight.”
“What the hell do you have against me?  What the fuck did I do to you?” says Bup falling to his knees then over backwards, his voice grating like a rusted gate.  He sees a small switch by a soap suds dispenser, he crawls a little towards it.
Halo, in the doorway, blocks the sword of a red Minotaur with her dagger, her expression is shock and great fear, she is shaking under the weight.  The Battle Cattle has severed heads of men dangling from his belt, their tongues hanging out their mouths.  Halo is losing ground.  She is fighting for her life, pulling every reserve of energy as she aims her strikes and deflects the blows from the sword. On her back is the red cactus, it begins to glow.  They are trying to capture her, force her into submission.
“Bup!  Help me Bup!”
Bup’s insides, feel on fire, as if his blood is being replaced by lava that is melting and mutating his veins, the image of sever is filling his veins with the magma.  He is loosing vision, he is having trouble speaking, his skin is so hot it burns.  His clothing begins to disintegrate into dust.
Three more giant Mon come charging up, and surround the princess.  She looks over at Bup, tears in her eyes.  
One of the Mon’s flame throwing blasters sears Halo with fire light, the flame burns half her face, it bubbles as it sizzles.  “Ahhhaah,” Halo cries moaning in agony.
Bup looks a final time at Halo, she is on her knees, he desperately wishes to help her.  His vision illuminates and he sees a halo of light broadening around her, “Help her!” he screams.  Using all the strength he has, in terrible, horrible pain, he inches closer to the switch, the switch the pig said to flip, and stretching is able to reach his hand out close to it. He struggles and then gives a small yelp of victory as he reaching flicks the switch on. 
The washer nearest him turns on.
Halo gives Bup a look of longing, of goodbye, she raises her hand in a loving wave before jumping over the railing and diving head first into the heaving ocean.  She goes over the railing and is swallowed up by the sea spray.  She is lost into the sea that is shooting up into a hole in the atmosphere, spiraling up like a reverse waterfall into space.
Heal leaps to his feet, scattering the plastic picnic chair to the floor as he yells, “Get her!  Capture her!  Bring her to me!”
Then he turns to Bup, “It looks like you failed your charge again just like you failed your planet just like you failed everyone.”
Bup feels something thick coursing through his body from the image of sever, it is paralyzing him, like tree sap.  Suddenly the pig Space Pork comes crashing through the window, tackled by a large Battle Cattle, the Space Pork War Boar growls stabbing the Mon with a large shard of glass in the throat.  The Mon is rolling back and forth on the carpet, blood spilling out his wounds.  Blood rolling across the carpet under Bup’s feet, the pig just inches away, drops his hatchet.  
“Is this much violence really necessary?” asks Heal as he turns and leaping wedges a dagger deep into the pig’s chest.  The pig begins coughing up blood.
Bup, without thinking, raises his dagger, he points it at Heal.
Heal smiles, “Go ahead and cut me, Killer, Slayer.”
Bup struggles.
“Yes stab me.  What you can’t?  What you love me?  Oh you want to have my baby?  What subject tries to overtake their master, I am clearly superior!  You little shit!  You cannot kill me.  You don’t have the heart, you puss.  But good Earth Slayer, I take that as a compliment, that you would want too. you just dont hate enough, that seems to be the problem” says Heal who rises laughing.  Heal with immense strength picks up a washer and hurls it against the wall of dryers where it crashes, then laughing madly, he kicks Bup who is paralyzed on the ground.
“You know I am so good at interior decorating, oh what position should my new stone sculpture take?   I think, yes, I’m feeling creative,” he looks at Bup.  Bup sees one black hole and one intense blue orb for Heals eyes, just endless holes sucking all light and he feels they have a tractor beam hold on his soul, as his body begins changing his feet first grow heavy and then cement into solid stone, stone slowly spreading travels up his body slowly.
“You know, one of the perks of being a master is you can manipulate life, but here’s something you won’t be needing anymore,” Heal, his eyes, a glow rising from their dark abyss trench of his pitch black sockets, a yellow light rises from the deep depths of darkness and he reaches and grabs Bup.  His hand presses against Bup’s chest and suddenly sinks in and the Heal removes Bup’s heart.  Bup can taste oatmeal and rust from the Heal’s dirty hands in his stomach, his heart still beating, Heal  places it in a glowing box.  Then with a quick gesture he grips into the back of Bup’s skull and removes the brain stem with a jerk.
Bup turns to stone.
“Yes well, I felt, much too powerful to waste, such high quality, first generation, organs, I will have my original 2nd brain and heart back in my body, I will have my cherished memories back,” says Heal to Bup who is now a statue, “Now I must attend to my lost love, Ice. she is so close, I can feel her heart bleeding…. bleeding for love.” and Heal smiles giggling a little.  “Yes we will have to work her out some, get her in prime condition.”
The Mon come kneeling before Heal, they lay the heads of men in a neat line in front of their Master as an offering. 
The pig a few seconds away from death himself, suddenly stands up.  Bup’s thoughts, now unshielded, suddenly he feels a weightless flying soaring feeling.
“I can fly!” Bup’s brain, still alive, unshielded projects, “What are you a duck?” says the pig jokingly telepathically.
“No I’m just quackers,” replies Bup’s brain feeling a little out of his tree.
Suddenly something happens.  They are joined.
<insert> Bup it’s me the pig and your pain has healed me.  You saved me Bup.
“I don’t feel so good.” Says Bup’s brain.
<Umm.. not to startle you or anything, but you’re a fucking bodiless brain, you have seen better days, I wouldn’t feel too lively either, ha ha but no worries!  I have a plan, I know a little about life manipulating, cloning myself, if I can get your organs I can transplant them, I can grow back your body in a DNA incubator.  Heal thinks I’m dead, just wait for the opportune moment, I think, I think, I think, NOW!>
“Great I’ll distract him by firing some of my brain synapses at his beefy ass.”
<Can you even see him?  Or see or hear anything?>
“I am looking through your eyes.”
“Here we go, he is focused on a box of fabric softener.  Now ready? Lets go!>
The pig jumps up and barrels into Heal.  Heal surprised curses and tries a little slow to intercept him.  The war boar, grabbing Bup’s heart and his fresh brain, launches through the open door.
“What?  Ah.. wait!  No!  Get him now!” screams Heal.
The pig rushes in a cigar store, and rips a book from his fanny pack, it is entitled, “My Back Door”.
“I knew this would come in handy, for such an occasion.”  He tosses it on the ground as it begins expanding.
“Connecting connecting connecting connected with Algorithm system active 3 seconds”, the book opens into the backdoor of a hallway of light and the pig holding Bup’s heart and brain rushes into it.  The book portal closes behind them.


CHAPTER 51

King Ark lets a deep moaning sob of grief escape his lips as he views the White Coat, 9lobes’, handiwork, his army of soldiers.  9lobes army is made of a mixed company of captured species native to this planet.  He sees many of the Raven Clan amongst their rank, staggering like drunken moon raiders, they wield clubs and brandish blunt swords, swinging them disjointedly, convulsing, they groan and their faces are a twisted grotesque mask of pain. They have all been experimented on, now, as one, they charge a disorganized mass of surgically altered body parts.  They are lobotomy zombies.
Ark lets out the Raven and Manitree call and the lobotomy zombies of the Raven Clan and the manitrees, stop dead in their tracks and turn, faces a distortion of pain.  Lobotomized but still a part of the Clan, they cannot resist and answer the call.  They yield and with a cracking of wood, they open up their ribcages.  Opening, inside, they free their hearts, revealing ghastly pale and sickly ravens, they look translucent in the light, diseased and tortured, thin, old.  They make screaming noises for relief.  Ark has performed the Happy Eirthday ceremony many times for the elders, this time however, he would be sending these masses to death through a threshold of terrible pain, the sickly ravens know this, and acknowledge it, and readily accept and quail in anticipation for this maddening release.  They lift up, flapping wings, and fly up on their host branches then up, Ark digs in his loose pouch, he, tosses handful after handful of Harpy Seed up in the air.  The albino ravens swallow them in a feeding frenzy, then as Ark holds up the Staff from the One Tree, a light shines in his eyes and focusing on the blood crystal on top of the staff, it illuminates in light and the lobotomy zombies stagger back, and, each fighting a personal battle between brain and heart, they stagger back and at a full gallop run opening up their ribcages, their white ravens fly back in, the manitrees close them back in their chests, locking their hearts in.
Bowing his head, not bothering to hide his sappy tears, Ark slams the end of his staff down onto the earth, and the zombie manitrees, carbonation fizzing out their mouths, they stop dead, screaming and all as one explode into thousands of fragments of wood splinters.  The effect is devastating, the other Lobotomy Zombies, the Snake Clan, the Snail Clan, and mixtures of a dozen more, are pelted and shoot and impaled and torn apart, limbs, heads, bodies, with the fragments of wood shooting into them, into bloody pulps.
Across the storm of falling leaves the 9lobes followers crumble, their bodies shooting geysers of blood fall and erupt into piles of gore, trampled over as the 2nd wave attacks.

CHAPTER 52
Ark’s mind channel to his brothers has interference in this location, 9lobes has done his homework.  He must have tortured Ark’s Clan followers to death with his line of questioning to get this info, but this spot is sacred ground and the natural energy of the planet, its magnetic poles, interferes with the telekinesis of the Manitree kind.  
Ark’s second in command AkaLily, holds up three fingers, reminding Ark that he has only three more tupperware containers of time left.  He sighs, he never in a thousand years thought he would end like this. He nods, well let’s enjoy it, he thinks.  He also wants to make minimum wake, less casualties than needed, he signals all of those on the front line with him, and the manitrees behind him, open up their ribcages, and as their raven hearts fly out, they signal the others to disperse and scatter, to retreat to the outposts guarding their dreams fortresses.  The manitrees, the first hundred, grumbling war calls, charge.
AkaLily’s long viney hair is on fire.  The flames are contained by the fuel of her sap, she is wearing a low cut armor with rose petal scales clinging tightly, outlining her hardened smooth tree muscles.  She lets out a war cry and crashes her mace into the face of a lobotomized tortoise worshiper.  Ark notices, this one is from the deep swamps way down south, as his skin is a dark amber yellow.  How he ended up here is kind of puzzling.  He looks like his career was in harvesting plant’s roots, his body is a little exposed with but a torn fig leaf woven fabric covering his buttocks, he must not of expected to go under 9lobes scalpel, and probably never imagined one day to be fighting for a White Coat mad man as a mindless zombie, and as his head is crushed and sections of his skull scatter as projectiles out, he no longer has to worry about it, he, dies. Gratefully, he dies, thinks Ark, he dies gratefully.
Ark aims and shoots three arrows in less than a centon.  He is running out of time as his men begin falling. There are so many of them.  They are chopping the zombies apart, but for each one to fall three more seem to appear.
Ark is running out of time and arrows.  Another volley is shoot into the mob of zombies, and as they tumble down and are trampled over, another mob surges to take their place.  Some of 9lobes followers look like they are from exotic wilds worlds away.  Floating, as if on his own brain power and ego, Ark sees 9lobes hovering above the battlefield, pointing and saying, “no, no, no” as blades go into Ark’s own people.  Ark gives a loud battle cry and charges the White Coat.
The White Coat 9lobes is very well protected.  The zombies jump at Ark and tackle and trip and grab with  hack and saw and Ark soon becomes immobilized.  9lobes floats over and rubs one of his barbed tentacles over Ark.
“Yes!  YES!  YES!” says 9lobes.  “He is the one!  Bar his arms and legs!  
Metal spikes are shot into Leafdreams’ arms locking them to his body and spikes nailing his legs together.  He cannot move.
“Well my Large tree man, Welcome!  You will make a fine addition to the infantry here you see.  But first…  something I need.”
“What?  An asshole to shit out what you call a brain?”
“Yes I know all about your kind, The Tree Clan.  Walking trees with birdbrains, or is it hearts?  Quite an Ancient heritage, your kind saw the beginning of creation, supposedly some of the first generation made when our Creator was in his learning stages, first generations to walk off the first DNA operating table.”
“I don’t need a history lesson from you, you're like a baboon trying on his masters shoes.  It’s ridiculous.”
“Perhaps you should pick your words a little more carefully, who has who over the barrel?  I believe I am in a position of creating a lot of pain and discomfort to you, depending on my mood.  I did do my homework on your kind.  I know your kind well, you could say I studied up.  I know straight after your season of fall, when you shed your leaves and skin, comes the season of your winter, which is what you're in now, am I right?  And in winter you cannot move from your dug in tap root unless you carry in your wooden chest a blood raven, your heart, and you rely on your heart, your raven, to nourish and keep your body limber and mobile.”
“Tell me what do you want?” says King Ark, “I too have heard of you and your kind.  You are a weed.  You suck the life out of all you touch.  You are like a giant fly that no one likes slowly crawling down my throat.  No one wants to be around you, buzz killer.”
“I want your heart.  Your mother the Raven Queen’s soul is wrapped and encrypt in the Yoke Recipe book for Spoonbread.  The Spoonbread that was on the table of The ALL outside the WALL, the Great Creator’s last meal, His favorite, and only the heart of her Children, legend has it, can open it.  I have the Yoke book, I just need your heart to unlock it, and once I have the recipe I will gather the ingredients and bake it.  For it is said he who bakes it for the Great Creator will be granted powers of the gods, untapped oceans of yoke, euphoria and life giving and taking abilities!”
“I do not know what the hell you are talking about.  I am just out here bird watching, and you my friend are disturbing the ducks.”
There is a thunderous roar, a sound like a scream being sucked inside the wind and a giant battle cruiser, an envoy, suddenly appears in orbit.  Huge it blocks out the stars.  The sun they orbit, shining brilliantly behind it, outlines the giant Titan in a silhouette as fire and light lick off its shiny icy prism surface.
“My my, who could that be?  Looks like my allies are here to transfer me.  They will be sending a convoy soon.  They will want to know all about our progress, but they may not be as patient and forgiving as myself,” says 9lobes.
“Something that big must draw some unwanted attention,” says KIng Ark.
“I have been searching for you for the last six orbits, and I know there is nothing here on this wretched world that merits our attention for any possible threat, it is an estuary of the fungi friends, a swamp for pigs, nothing here can rival us!  Go on, call for help, let everyone see the vehicle that will destroy them and bring about an age of darkness and cold and let them fall to their knees. We will suck your sun dry before we leave, as an afterthought really, energy to move to the next solar system, and there is nothing you can do about it, you weak wooden block head!” snarls 9lobes in a haughty voice.
“Oh we already did,” says KIng Ark.
“Did what?  What could you possibly have done?”
“How many moons do you see?” Asks King Ark.
“There are five,” says 9lobes.
“Do you recall seeing all five?  There actually are six, as one moon is a moon of a moon.”
“So who cares?”
“Well the 6th moon, has been explored and customized.  Do you know what happens when water and dry cement powder mix?” asks King Ark.
“Fool, you play your hand too close to your chest.  Your Jack of Hearts is soon going to be full of holes!”  9lobes raises his buckshot blaster to Ark’s chest.  “Now for just a taste of the pain awaiting you,” he says and blasts him.
BOOM!
Ark, grunts and as the sap comes streaming out of his mouth and the newly formed holes in his chest he struggles to right himself so he does not fall to his knees.
“Yes, perhaps now you will give me over your heart, your blood raven.  I know you have to do it willingly.  I can make your death very quick and painless or we can do this all day.  As it is I feed off of your misery.  My own brainstem vines are parasitic and I just love the taste of your kind.  I’ve been feeding off of you for the last six orbits, very tasty.”
“You fed off my mate.” Says King Ark in a strained whisper.  “Your9lobesFuck.”
BOOM!
9lobes fires again, now his brain barbs are digging in and soaking up the sap that is pouring out of King Ark.  The flow is lessening as the pressure begins equating and Ark can feel his body producing less and less as the strain and drain becomes too much for him to produce.  He is being sucked dry of sap, his blood.
 “Now open up your ribcage or we will…  holy fuck what the hell is that?  A giant man in the sky is waving at me, his face is melting like a wrinkling raisin, he is opening up, to reveal a spider web of pure diamond light, so beautiful!  What?  Who? Who said that?  What?  Her laughter is only fear… he he he…oh freakin unbelievable! Look how beautiful this small little hedge is!  And look, its like a small fridge opening up!  Look revealing such treasure inside, a pinecone for a heart!  Shining a light on me to read its delicious legacy of victories and triumphs and defeats and loses.”
Ark grunts and nods, “Yes, my friend, you are now spun. I drank and rooted in enough hallucinogen to kill a cow just before battle.  Yes, true, it made this the fucking strangest bewilderingly and most intense battle I have ever fought, but now you drank up all my drugged sap, you will trip for the next ten orbits.  The elder spirits knew about your vampiric ways and did not trust me with my blood raven, my heart, they spurned it away in my birthing life cycle.  Either way I would not have survived without my heart, we can only go a short spell without it, No, they made me take..”
Ark struggling sits up and his trunk slowly opens up like a creaking castle door, his chest opens, revealing inside a plump chicken.
“You little shit!  What’s this?  A chicken?” says 9lobes.
“Why did the man cross the road?” asks King Ark.
9lobes looks up as his space battle cruiser, now gray like concrete, slowly colliding with a moon in an epic explosion of a typhoon hitting a volcano, he looks at it and his face, pales and he lets out a squeak.
“Because he is a chicken,” finishes Ark dying, as he laughs, laughs, laughs.
“Now don’t you want to go dancing?” says Ark through strained laughter.
“Why yes, I think I do,” says 9lobes who climbs up a tree.  The tree’s limbs shoot straight up around him, caging him inside, as its roots pick up and the tree prison begins lumbering down the trail.

CHAPTER 53
Rib, makes it to her knees, tears rolling down her cheeks onto the wooden blood arrow, throbbing in her hands like her heart, she lets out a wailing cry, as she releases the arrow, rushing back down the trail as her brother topples over, her arrow in his chest.
She steps over the dead, their bodies a twisted art form of gore.   Gripping a torch deep in the night, the yoke recipe book is where she expected it, in plain sight on a pedestal.  There is no one book better than any other, but this one is special, her mother wrote it in her own blood and placed a ward over it.
9lobes thought himself invincible here, never thought anyone could capture it. She leafs through its contents and finds the recipe for yoke spoon bread, her mother’s soul went in to create.  She reads it quickly before closing the big book and placing it neatly in her pack.  The spoon bread recipe is said to be the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL’s favorite dish.
Walking, her adrenaline, wailing emotions, she must be strong, she walks towards a clearing where a large temple rests, stone doorway smashed open, down rows and steps, of tombs three feet apart.  Deep in the garden of graves all center around one cracked urn.  Without hesitation she throws her torch into the urn and watches, tears falling as the fire, small at first, grows and soon consuming, is a blazing flame. 
*
Deep in the caverns of the Lunar Atlantis, the stone statue of a man stirs.  A fire suddenly lights in his eyes, a flame shoots out, fire light bright.  The Stoneman opens them awake and his screams suffocate amid gurgling out black vomit on the green on green room.  It is a thick sticky tar and as the flames in his eyes intensify, he screams, screams, screams.
He falls over to his knees.
“Why?”
“Every dog gets its day,” he hears a sultry husk young female voice say.
“WHY!”
He hears, “Remember, there is nothing quite as powerful as a Resurrected King,” and sweet melodious laughter drift away as he, wrecked, spasms in unbearable pain.
Chapter 40
“How is it that you were spared from this killing spree? Did the subject exercise that much control that he could assassinate everyone while under a trance, everyone including the hidden guards, and jam all recording devices, and still you were able to trail him successfully tracking his every move and report back here, how were you so successful, I believe the answer for your success and survival could be the subjects only weakness.”
“It was like I said, he did not have to smoke any hair, he is able to manufacture the dopurenicce, his brain, can make the chemical on its own, once it is coursing through his veins, a cocktail of super adrenaline and abilities, he can channel the power of the fear, but he is able to control it, yes, he has done what none of your other agents could, he doesn’t need the hair to channel the fear, and once he is one with it, he can literally smash the bones and bodies of anyone he wishes, with control, he mastered the power of the fear.”
“Yes, yes, but his weakness, it must be what you exploited.  How did you ever escape?  Surely he knew you were a spy.  There lies his vulnerability!  There lies our victory!  Need I remind you, you are under a trance of your own, it is impossible for you to lie to me, now explain.”
The man smiles slightly, “I didn’t escape.”  Says the man, “He knew all about me, he knew I would be interrogated by you and told me he would spare my life if I were to deliver a message to you.  It is kind of an implant he gave me, the projector in my brain shall play the small thought loop, here downloading, here now record.”
The entity gasps give it away as the vid plays of an older gentleman surrounded  on the counter of Queenburger by men wearing executive webbing the color of the corporations, the men are high executives, all wearing masks, they pick him up, and stab the man leaving the daggers in his side and each leg.  Blood pours out.  The man looks like he has already been beaten and tortured, he opens up his mouth and smiles and says, “the Bone Machine is coming”. 
“what? How could he have known?  That is freaking impossible!  Freaking unreal!  Orderlies!  There is no way he could have ever known, he is dead anyway!  This must be some sort of cruel… Make it stop!  Stop!”
The memory keeps playing, now the insurgent group gets up and walks over to a pudgy man sitting at a booth in the Queenburger franchise.  One opens up his trench and removes a thin knife, it is a folding dagger.
The chubby guy at the booth bench shakes his head as if to say he does not wish to make any room for a new passenger, he wants to occupy the bench all to himself, no room for more, as the gang of them pass him by, quick hand movement, and the man, eyes bulge, alarmed, falls over face first, dagger in his chest.
With no hesitation, he broadcasts out to everyone the loop, as he, holding the hilt, cork cushioning on the handle, wound tight with string and leather laces, he parks down the street at one of his favorite duck ponds he used to love to explore.  As he shuffles closer, he holds the dagger at an angle, he ducks, hits, turns smacks, turns, deflects, deflects, decoy, as he turns into a meadow lane of tall timber and trees, unassuming, the guard pass by, he makes himself a promise, there will be no guilt.
“You could have been kinder,.” Says the man in a trance as the dead man gets up, dagger in his chest, and the cyborg of an adrenaline junkie just takes another hit, while he is trying to relax, think calm, think clarity, think relaxation, as suddenly he bolts up, completely awake.  The small party all adorn their coats.  It is impossible.  No one knows.  Was I watched?  What happened?  Something I cannot put my fing…
The skate punk thrusts the dagger into the gut of the enforcer who is conducting the interigation.  The enforcer grunts in utter disbelief, his body is raised two feet up in the air, “Impossible,” is all he says before he slips away.  

CHAPTER 54
The director studies the board, frowns slightly, and makes his move.  “They say you have been feeling as if your success is threatening people.  Is that so?”
Heal looks up in contemplation, taps his chin, then says “I’m no threat,” and makes his move.
“Is that liquor I smell on your breath?” asks the director, and he quickly makes his move, obviously planned it out, he moves his bishop in, pinning Heal’s Knight to his Queen.
“Yes,” says Heal, he sighs and moves his Queen abandoning the Knight.
“Oh, oh, well,” the director gives Heal a kind smile, “There’s help for that don’t you know?”  The director gobbles up the knight.
“Help? Oh, I, See. No you misunderstand, I only spray alcohol on my face and neck to give off the scent.  I don’t drink it.”  Heal makes his move,
“Oh, oh, I see.” Says the Director with a slight frown as he makes his move.
“I’m no threat.”
“Well prove it!  Beat me!  Show me what you got!  Win this game and I will clear the slate of all of your recorded sins, clean record, clean slate!   It will be a fresh start, a whole new beginning!”
“That sounds really tempting, I always plan on winning though, I really don’t need any encouragement.”
“Well consider yourself, just encouraged.  You are going to win this game, it will be a grand victory for you.”
Each move seems more and more painful to make, Heal screams, suffocating in his mind, but, like drinking poisoned medicine for a greater good, he continues to play.
The Systems Computer monitoring the game beeps.
“I’m afraid,” says the SyCo monitoring the game to the director, “You have only one move you can make without putting yourself in check, and that move is check mate and will win you the game.”
“What?  What?” says the director,  “Let me see this!  I can…..  Hold… I can,….  What….. what the fuck!   Fuck you!  I will just forfeit!  You will win!”
“I’m afraid if you forfeit or knowingly and willingly move into check, you will be stripped of all titles and prestige, and no longer be Director, and forfeit your right to ever play chess again.”
Heal is staring at the director, as if willing, as if willing, as if really willing him to do something.
“Ah fuck it all!” The director makes a move.
“Check mate! You win!”  says the SyCo to the director, “That was a really good one sir!  You beat the pants off this undesireable!”
The director nods his head yes, and disheartened shuffles back to his throne room, the victor.  Whatever feeling Heal has is masked beneath a vacant expression, the director gets the sense of a giant creature stirring way deep beneath the depths of Heal’s eyes, but then it passes and he smiles.
“Ah good game!”  says Heal to the director’s retreating back, the director just gives one curt nod of yes again and disappears beneath the draperies surrounding his palace.

CHAPTER 55
The Heavy Armor Unit TERRORB12 of the Love Division is a long way from home, yet just one more galaxy to cross and they will be in line to astral jump through space back home.  They will return conquering heroes, they have acquired 3 new recipes and a bakers dozen of grade A ingredients, more than enough to make a dish for the ALL OUTSIDE THE WALL’s coming of the 2nd Brunch.
They just have to manually cross this planet.  Their fame has come at a cost, they have shone some unwanted attention to themselves, every unattainable, every independent, pirateer, or member of other factions, will be out gunning them, and one in particular, a unit specifically created for their demise, knows of their location and will be on them soon enough, like salt on an old mans lips.  The threat is real.
King Morge of the Raven Clan can admit, this is pretty bad.  Has he ever seen worse?  He doubts it.  He slaps himself mentally, there is always a solution, always.
Time to break the news to the troops, he goes live on the secure comm channel, there is the usual unauthorized shit clogging the airways “Yo Sickle and Birch give it a dick, I got some relatively important info, take a knee.  Things are getting a little more challenging.  We just got recon back and our fears are confirmed, the suck ass Clog unit that has been tracking and attacking and losing and tracking and attacking and losing has engineered an anti armor unit designed specifically for one purpose, to destroy us.  They have analyzed and sampled and have churned out anti armor units made to specially lock on and target and ultimately capture our armor, but not after cooking the pilots in over 500 degree Fahrenheit heat, melting us and leaving the armor free to be broken and reprogrammed.   I will shit a sand eater dog before I let that happen.”  There are grunts and moans of the rest of his platoon giving their agreement.
“Now,” says King Morge, “this special unit is already on its way, intel says it will intercept us at our most weakest point, while we are crossing the ALL forsaken desert of rotting death about 100 tupperware clicks north of here.  We have nothing to stop them, but we can control certain aspects of the battlefield, like formation and environment, we have a card or two to play.”
“Like dick and ass.”
“We’ll be sitting dicks.”
“We’re all gonna roast.”
“Welcome to todays chapter in the neverending saga of TERRORB12 day in drama.”
“Can it.”

The Captain of the Clog Horde licks his lips in satisfaction, he looks out at the scanner and then with his own eyes, not to miss a thing, as he whispers commands into the comm channel, “Launch the gravity thrusters so there will be no one taking any unexpected flights out of this roach mothers pelt.”
There are several rumbles of good hearty laughter from members of the troops who get his very funny jokes, and then the annoying libra wench scholar who has to always ruin his fun, “But sir, that means we cannot launch either, are you sure that is the safest route?”
“Shut it cuck face!  Shut it!”
“Ok walkers out, looks like we will intercept the TERRORB12 brigade at its weakest point, oh this is almost too delicious, we will soon kill em all and capture their tastey armor!  Yes boys who wants to have a BBQ!” he whispers this with a little more intensity, and is happy to hear several of his men laughing, he he he, this is an ingenious plot of his.
They cross the crest of the mother dune and down, way down, they can spot the glint of metal.  They have high ground too!   Oh they cant lose!  How delicious!  How delicious!”
“We will clog you up!  WE WILL CLOG YOU!  Surround the armor units!  Let none escape! Tank blockers head in first, take the brunt of their fire, sistimized targeters lock on your specific targets, and when I give command start the fires,”
“To the commander of the TERRORB12 brigade, I just have one thing to say, Whats cooking?  Oh, I can answer that for you, soon it will be YOU that’s wha’ts cooking!  He he he.”
No answer back on the comm channel.  So they want to die without any come backs or fancy talk, no big dill, he will win the conversation and win the fight as well and own them!  They must be so panic panic over there, they know they are outgunned and beaten and are just poor losers not wanting to join the public chat comm and squeal while they get fucked.
“Things are about to get a little bit hot!  Can you take the heat?”
All of his anti armor units are in position.  The Armor of TERRORB12 has not moved, they are in a lame defensive formation that he learned in grade school.  Very easy to outmaneuver.  “Ok troops, anchor into the ground and lock in on target, on the count of 3, 1 – 2- 3.” Suddenly the giant scorpions and tanks drop their legs and dig in while their guns all target the armor unit.
There is a response on the public comm unit from the enemy, probably they are going to beg for their life, he has already decided to agree then kill them horribly anyway, he listens in to what they have to say. 
“How many licks on my dick till you get to the hard on right down the throat, now be a good dush bag and open up and say “Ahhh…”
The commander of the clog comes on the comm unit, “What you’re the ones outgunned and gonna take a dick, you’re the ones who are going to lose this fight, Troops, open Fir…  what?  What?”
All around them, hidden in the sand, men, soldiers, humanoids, are revealing themselves, they are all naked armed with swords and ax, and while the commander watches, dumbfounded, at these puny men, with no armor on them at all, they hack and slash at the legs of his anti armor units.
“OH, how drool, I should have expected something so lame, ok, fire at the humanoids, splatter their guts far and wide, they just made this slaughter so much easier.”
“Uh sir,” it is that stuck up wench of his again always reporting stupid news, ”we are unable to lock onto the men, uh….  Sir, they have no armor signature for our units to lock onto, our units are made to only lock onto armor.”
“What? Kill them!  Step on them or something!  How stupid!  They are attacking us without any armor!  Squash them!”

The naked platoon is slowly but surely cutting his AA units apart, they wait till they topple over then go for the kill with a sword through the cockpit covering.  His men are starting to panic, they are anchored in, ground in, locked on empty units downhill, they cannot disengage or turn around and face this threat.  They are being slaughtered by naked troops!
“Men!  Men!  Abandon your armor and take the fight to them, Men!  Open your hatches and blow these asses apart!”
“Uh sir.. I advise against that,” the brainy twit again, “by the time the hatches open we will be very vulnerable to attack, I would advise against leaving our…”
“Shut up!  Shut it!  Shut the fuc!  Men, attack! Attack!”
It is absurdly hopeless, he is down to only three units left standing.  How hopeless and embarrassing.  He pushes the self-destruct sequence as the naked troops start hacking at him.  He thinks of sitting on a bench in the park looking through the trees at the skyline watching the birds fly as the timer counts down.
“And that’s how you fuck a duck,” says King Morge, as the last of the Anti Armor units is dispatched and the commanders unit implodes, all destroyed. 

CHAPTER 56
Heal no longer feels any pain, his entire body is numb.  He runs.  His broken ankle, he knows is gnashing bone on bone, he can hear his bones cracking, his ankle and foot grinding, crushing bone upon bone, as he slams it down with each leap and running step.  He may never walk normal again, the power of the yoke anti-inflammatory , however, has temporarily overridden the pain.  He runs like a rabid dog that will not heal, he runs, with one thing on his mind.  “Almost, Almost there,” he sprints through the courtyard, a dagger in each hand, turning the corner, he runs behind two guards, silently, his daggers he thrusts into the back of their necks without missing a stride, and pulls them out again, as they fall over.  A giant beast, a gryphon of sorts, seeing him leaps, he makes eye contact with his left eye, picturing the image of Siren, and the gryphon turns to stone, and falls suddenly to the ground, fragmenting and shattering into stone pieces. Leaping two stairs at a time he runs up the stairwell, a shout goes up on the guard tower, and as they spot him, he hears the orders given to kill as they quickly scatter and take aim, he, ducks running faster, and they fall one by one, slumping down and toppling over the railing, dead, arrows in their eye slits.  He recognizes Rib’s handiwork, says a prayer of thanks, and carries on with the mission. 
He suddenly stops as a feeling comes over him, he feels her, he feels his soulmate, his lover, Ice, nearby.  It is a feeling of pure love and he has missed it for so long.  He begins to cry, he missed it so much, it feels so good.  He turns to greet her and jumps back to block the blade with his dagger.  The man, the one who took his eye and his lovers heart, the one he learned through the lips of the tortured dying man’s companions, his name is Tri Hex, Tri Hex looks as if he could be Heal’s twin, Tri Hex, snarls and leaps at him.  His armor a shining deep blue with speckled gold dust, is polished enough to give a hazy depth like one of infinity or a deep space ship in light speed travel.  Tri Hex’s sword misses Heal’s head and bites into the carved stone pillar, chipping out a chunk of rock.
“I should have killed you when I had the chance, kill the seeds before they grow, the universe does not reward kindness it seems.”
“Kindness?” says Heal leaping back at him with his dagger while focuses on a burning torch in the wall and levitating it to fly at Tri Hex’s face, “You call murder of a young beautiful loving lady kindness?” Tri Hex distracted by the torch, barely escapes the twin thrusts of Heals daggers as he parries and counters and parries while his face singed, he lowers his helm visor, shielding him.
“The planet was doomed anyway, at least I saved a vital ingredient for the recipe to cook for the ALL, at least I did that,  we have a chance to do some good if we just gain favor, we will be granted a wish, don’t be stupid boy, a wish, you can reincarnate your girl!  Fuck!  You can reincarnate your whole world! Join me!  Join us! The Starving Atists in Our Grand Masterpiece!  Fuck, you don’t have to believe, just go along with it, just don’t atta…. ACK!”
One of Heals blades bites deep into the slits in Tri Hex’s shoulder blades, Lodging in it, blood begins seeping out.  Heal notices finally, what Tri Hex is wearing around his neck.  Tri Hex is a lot bulkier of a man, and around his neck is, no…. yes, rage billows over in Heal, around Tri Hex’s neck is a heart of gold, Ice’s heart, dipped in gold, the heart of Heal’s lover.  Tri Hex can see Heals eyes upon it, “It’s still beating a living heart!” he cries out.  “Back the fuck up, you really are annoying, you little punk!”
In the sky a formation of thornbirds are nearing, they are giant dragon like, as as the approach, flames and oils spilling from their gaping mouths, Heal catches them with his eye and pictures the image of Siren, while inwardly all light flees his mind, he shrieks inside as the pain of their bodies breaking inside him billows, a pain like no other, the price and cost for his Eye Of the Gorgan, and as they turn to stone and crash into the ground, Heal, on the last of his reserves, uses the distraction to leap and impale Tri-Hex’s left arm to a huge wooden siege wheel of a catapult that is burning next to them.  Salt screams and thrashes out, but he cannot reach the dagger with his other hand, without dropping his sword to become defenceless, he struggles to pull his left arm out, but cannot.  He is trapped.  He turns facing Heal.
“Well make it quick then you punk, you know.  I’m done and bluffing I cannot destroy this heart of gold, not something this beautiful.”
“I see something, a pattern that needs completing, a pattern that finishes and begins with you, you need to deliver a message.” 
“You want to raise her, to resurrect your love?  You are going about this the wrong way, if you truly want to be with your soulmate, jump into the core, the hole there, behind us.  It will be relatively painless. And you will be with your love once more.”
“I can feel her, you do not deserve her heart around your neck, it is meant for me.  Give it to me, end this joke.”
“You mettle with powers you have no comprehension of.   It is more complicated than you know, this heart has been synced to the Trhansix System, much, many more, lives then just you lover, are now connected to it, it is a giant battery feeding many people, to destroy it would be catastrophic, that is why it is the main ingredient for the Sweet and Sour Harbringer Meat Loaf surprise.  That is why….  Our God seems to enjoy the taste of suffering.”
Heal, so close to his lovers heart, rides the waves of grief and reaches for the heart of gold.  So close to it is sending shock waves of past memories to light, he feels her touch on his neck, her lips brushing against his, he will give anything, anything to have her back again, he feels a pressure in his temple, horns digging out, he feels his body changing physically to his mental projections, he sees an altered reality as the world he knows burns on both ends.  Nothing can be made from nothing, something must accept this giant load of pain that he is carrying, he has to unload in something, on someone, he looks at Tri Hex with a look of pure pity, and says a short prayer as his hand reaches out and he presses it against Tri Hex’s temple, as Tri Hex screams screams screams.

CHAPTER 57
Heal, the only sign of injury, his red cape slightly torn, walks back through the double doors, a new necklace around his neck, one with a giant golden jewel on it, a golden heart.
Tri Hex is wheeled next to him, his body spread out on a wagon,  his sword still in his hands as they near the center of the devastation, the ruined city of Even, where Heal’s companions lie.
Rib is not far behind.  She catches up to him.  “What do you see when you look at me?” Heal asks her.
She pauses for a moment before answering, “I no longer see any beauty.  I only see crosses in the eyes.  The void.  Crosses that I shoot my arrows into.  I never miss.”
Tri Hex, mind ripped apart, is barely able to concentrate on his surroundings, he is waging a war inside himself, one that Heal lost.  “Everything has a purpose.”  Heal gestures at Tri Hex’s sword, “So Beautiful, it is a work of art, but it is designed for only one purpose, to inflict pain. to wound, to kill, to cause suffering.”
Tri Hex slowly opens an eyelid and withdraws his blade from his scabbard, it almost seems to sing as the blade glows in an errie blueish orangey light.  “This sword is a true work of art, crafted by the ancients an millennia ago, this particular one has a name, as all the swords did back then, each created out of love, this is Light, forged by the master manitrees.” He holds Light up and the sword seems to be pulsating in breaths of light, as if it was breathing itself.  “It was designed for a purpose, and having a purpose is beautiful.  We all have a mission here, and the only thing worse than dying without completing your mission, is dying without even knowing what your mission is.  We always have a choice, whether it is to shut our eyes to something, whether it is to take a deep breath, put more weight on a foot when stepping, empathize a word in speech, think and focus on a certain thought, we also have a choice to return home without completing our mission, to say, rather than give the girl who is starving a meal, which is what she really needs, we can figure out a way to remove her stomach so she does not need to eat, because does not eating just seem to promote suffering, after all?  Would we not be justified to end all hunger, remove all stomachs, for what use is the stomach?  It is a den of lust and desire and hunger, surely the brain is more important.  And what trumps the brain?  Surely the heart.  Would you not agree that hunger seems to promote suffering.  Why are we born into a world where we all must feed on other life forms?  That in itself seems designed for something very very bad.  And you know what, we are food ourselves.  But, I tell you, if we do not feed the starving girl, which may be our purpose, and we instead remove her stomach, if we do not do our purpose, we will spend the rest of our lives driven to do something like growing fields of potatoes and raising cattle in traverse hybrid conditions to survive space and solar implosion, without really realizing why.  Without realizing it is because of pure guilt that the rest of our livews are condemned to making up for,  It is because we have such a big hole in us.  A hole we created when we ripped out our own heart.  A crater in our chest.  Made because we had the chance to give a starving girl a simple hot baked potato, a slab of meat, and a cob of corn, and we choose instead to remove her stomach, and then spent the rest of our lives investing our time into growing planets and planets of crops and livestock, to satisfy the need, the guilt, of not completing our life mission, but never understanding that, until it is too too late.  If you suppress your purpose, if you do not do what is your nature, what you are made for, It comes out in weird ways.”
Tri Hex holds the sword up with both arms, his hands on the hilt, and brings it back to swing. “I have a purpose I intend to now fulfill,”   Heal looks Salt dead in his eyes, Salt returns the stare.  They stay that way for but a second.  “Do you think the purpose of a sword could ever be good?” asks Tri Hex lightly, as if he really needs to know, to be assured.  “Do you think by killing one and saving millions, you are justified?”
“A sword is created to inflict suffering.  There is no other way.”
“I know you can kill me with just a stare.” says Tri Hex.  
Heal looks deep deeply into Tri Hex’s eyes.
Salt lunges the sword high over his head, heaving it, then swings it, stabbing it down, just as Heal closes his eyes.
There is a shudder and a quick exhale of breath.
Heal opens his eyes to see that Tri Hex stabbed the earth with his sword.  Something is happening.  Wordlessly Tri Hex turns and walks away he heads walking into the garrison and towards the platform leading to his ship.
“Welcome to Even.” He says, “The city that has been waiting for its King, created by the sword of Light.”
Heal gasps as he sees, witnessing, where the sword pierced the earth,  it is transforming, roots are growing, giant trees rapidly are growing, soon, it spreads, and trees all around are sprouting and growing at an impossible alarming rate, forming tree buildings and structures all around, in the spance of a few heartbeats,  a palace and city of trees now occupy the landscape for as far as Heal can see.  The exact spot where the sword Light was thrusted into the ground, is a beautiful, elegant, simple throne.  
With just a small hidden smile, Heal sits on the throne and watches as Tri Hex’s Armada shoots through the visual window of space and blacks out, traveling, into infinity.  
    

CHAPTER 58
As the submerged giant planet sized ball of life temporarily dormant awakes inside a whiskey bottle floating to the surface of the ocean of his thoughts in the background of his mind give rise, he remembers everything in one flash of light and mentally and physically he changes in form, “Pain!” he shouts, “So much pain!”
Suddenly an AL Prod Gardener, a pickle head and body on spider legs comes tap tap tapping down the wall and across the floor. “No, trub master,” says the AL Prod, “What you need is a giant cucumber penis appendage, maybe two or three, huh?  Huh?  A little ChChChChuChu?  Maybe an earth eggplant transplant?” 
“Where am I?”  “Who am I?”
“You are on board the bridge of the Lunar Atlantis,” says an old scratchy voice, “you have been traveling for two resets of pie power orbits to get back to the time you were at once before.  You are a prisoner, however you are the only one left who can save us.”
“The hull of our ship, in liquid form, is the ocean.  It’s frozen, it encompasses the whole grade of space, and now we must make a new star seed.  This is what we have been waiting for the last two pie infinities, that amount of time is unthinkable, this has been what it’s all about, leading up to this.  We hoped others with better guidance would be here to create the seed, looks like we just have you.”
“Our dirt, so much life, so much death, it is rich, so rich, now, it is what our star seed needs to fertilize, to give birth..”
The Stoneman feels himself constantly slipping into past memory form, changing from one personality to another, “Make it stop!’  He cannot control it.  “I need it to stop!  This is too much, overwhelming, too much, to feel, too much emotions, I cannot handle it!”
The small AL Prod, “Gardener Marvelous here,” he says, “I am also quite a good licensed vegetable therapist.  How many zucchinis, bananas or other plant life alien genitalia implants do you want?”
The Stoneman, eyes are large gaping holes of escape pods charging through space hoping to make it home alive, twin burning suns set ablaze rising in the holes of his eye sockets, his mouth wide open threatens to split his jaw, he reaches out, enraged, and in an exploding death scream, he vomits again from the after effects of the stone prison sickness.  His body is raw.  His fingers thick sticks and vines grow out from his fingertips and shooting out, wrap around the pedestal and surrounding chairs, and wrap around the AL Prod Gardener’s pickle head, and continue to grow out, as almost suffocated, the AL Prod Gardener says, “Ahhh Ackk Shit!  Well, I see.  Let’s try this shall we?” through a squeaky voice as the vines tighten around its voicebox.
“An unusual side effect it would appear your brain has been pollinated and had a large dandelion mutate inside your brainal cavity.” The gardner AL Prod extends his appendages  holding what looks like a small turkey pressure cooker and he plunges it with care directly into the Stoneman’s head, the right side of his brain, pushes it in and a liquid squirts into his head, some leaking around the apparatus slowly rolls down his face and a little trail dribbles out his ears, “You grew a vegetable brain.”  Suddenly the Stoneman stops.
“Smells like..  tastes.. Maple Syrup?  You’re kidding me right?  What am I now a pancake?”
“Yes, well your brain is mutating, rearranging, growing like a weed if you will, only a brand of maple syrup from your home world, discontinued now I’m afraid, you know after you destroyed it, but only a brand with the right amount of clorophoren that your used to and brain can assorbe will do the trick, something to do with the acidic level of rock your brain was encased in, I fear you must get an injection every two tupperware carts.  Only from the brand named ‘Mrs. Lumber’s Natural Syrup’ will do.”
The Stoneman begins shaking, “Fucking!  Crap!  Crap!  It’s all!  How much more crap?”
The Doctor yanks out the gauge smoothly.  “There there my friend.  Now how does that make you feel?”
“Cold as Death.”  The Stoneman looks around him, he is surrounded by a small variety of trees who resemble statues who have been manicured recently and trimmed.  He is in the middle of them, there are thousands of trees stretching out in all directions.
“There was someone, a girl, someone I…  cared for.   Someone I..  let down. What was her name?”
“You first arrived here two infinity cycles ago with a young woman, the Queen’s Pawn, the Master’s favorite opening.  She heads into battle first.  You are the second move to accompany and protect her.  You did not succeed.”
The Stoneman, lets out a barking sound of grief choking in him and escaping out his clenched mouth.  “I failed her.”  He looks down at himself, he is mostly nude, the stone of his skin yields a little tenderly, but no doubt about it, he is not flesh any more, he is made out of stone.  He looks down and finds something, a soiled dirty tag, sticky adhesive, he looks and at first makes no sense out of it, but then he remembers the symbols deeper meaning, of letters forming words, and he remembers how to read.
“Hello my name is Bup,” it reads, it is encased in stone.
“What?  What?  Who?”
The Stoneman reaches up and touches the bandage over his right eye.
“What Happened?  Who?  I remember the name Bup.  Yes, a million life times ago.  Yes, but such dark clouds, my memory, a hungry hole, that needs to be fed until it can’t remember anything at all.”
He feels the icy cold compress applied to his right eye, rooted to something foreign.  He feels the cold burn spreading, the maple syrup, a poison like mercury in his veins, is a soothing cold numbness traveling under his skin, as if ships sailing beneath the thin veil of his head, into a harbor, sailing into his soft brain, pushing into it like a wall of butter.  He lifts his arm up, displacing a large layer of dust, he brushes it off, and reaches for his eye, and pulls the bandage off.
“Not too hasty now, just right, easy does it,” says the AL Prod gardner.
A monitor switches to a large reflective ice sculpture, Bup stares in the mirror at himself.  His body, his skin, is peeling off stone to show a layer of green flesh under it, his head is carved rock, but his eyes, his eyes, he gasps, feels completely nauseous.  He closes his eyes and when he opens them.  He blinks multiple times.
His right eye a gold globe slowly rotating, in intricately complex detail, a world spinning slowly with a purplefire light shining out from the murky depths beneath it.  The background alarm clock ringing in his head is announcing he is no longer human.
Bup looks around him in gross shock.  “What!   My eyes, numbers?  a clock?  Is it a countdown?”  There are numbers etched into his eye lens, he suddenly remembers how to read and the symbols turn into letters and make sense, someone carved the words, “It’s meant to be Fun,” into his retina.
“Fun? Yippy,” he says.  “I’m just having a blast, going to die laughing.”

CHAPTER 59
“You must not remember when they took your brain, but you had enough brain on the walls of your skull and most of the stem that when you were turned into a statue, it changed with you and when a random dandelion took root in your head you healed and began rebuilding your brain organically.  A side effect is you quite possibly are somehow still connected to your clone who has your original brain and to the dandelion family.”
“Connected in what way?   I can barely remember…” He picks up one of the glittering objects laying around his feet along with exotic fruit and animal skeletons.
“animal sacrifices,” the SyCo announces the unasked question.  “We are counting on your telepathic nature of the connection to the stars.  We are curious, your last thousands of lives ago have been revisions of the final draft.”
“My brain?   Regrown? Gone?  Who am I?  What have I become?”
 Bup examines a beautiful golden tray, turns it over, then he hurls it at the main screen the SyCo is on, “I want my brain back!”
The gold platter splashes into the monitor, and is consumed by the liquid water that it is made from, and submerging, it disappears.  The screen ripples for a moment and then again is flat and calm.
“Things will become clearer as time passes.”
“You failed in your mission Killer, but that was only phase one, the deck was stacked against you, your nature proned you to failure, now, now, you are death incarnate, now, you understand, now you will be the sword you were forged to be,” says an old man sitting in a rocker near the door.  “Now, do what you have been bred to do.”
Bup, struggling to walk, staggers forward, with no hesitation he picks up one of the fallen wooden sharpened spear sticks still grasped in a death clutch of a skeleton kobold, and smoothly lunges it bashing it into the old man’s chest.  The old man crumbles the huge stick jutting from his chest and blood spills over his throne.
“Got Wood?” asks the Al Prod Gardener Marvelous following two steps behind Bup.
There is a touch in his mind, a probe, something deep inside his mind is illuminated, a seed rapidly grows spiraling up like a tree, a ward on a door to protect suddenly is overridden and falls removed.  A presence enters and opens up his jar in the fridge then leaves. The probe is a light breeze in his mind. He opens the door to a whole new universe, to wonder, as it finishes rearranging the puzzle pieces in his mind.  The jar opening, overflows in a universe of beauty, patterns within patterns turn and everything changes.
“Such power!  Such awesome power!  I do not want it!”
Bup’s forehead erupts in intense pain.  He puts his hands to his head and feels something under his scalp, eagerly pushing out.  A circle of his bones pierce through his skull.  His bones rise and push out his head, bones that make a crown, formed from his own skull.
When it is over he looks at his reflection in the ice walls.   He wears a full bleach white crown.  Bup hears a sea of voices in the background, “Long Live the King!”


CHAPTER 60
Clash of metal screeching on metal, ringing of steel deep in the savage howls of triumphant beasts, the victors of the war. The victims being surrounded in small pockets and torn apart, their heads impaled on the sharpened branches of the tree limbs they fight to save.
“Did you forsee this?  This pile of shit, tell me you didn’t know this would happen!”
“I knew they would win, just not the method or form they would take, it is the only way, the dead here buy our home world’s survival.”
“But dear God at what cost?  How can you sacrifice those billions that fought for you and trusted and bleed for you?”
“and died for me as free men.  Let’s watch the last keep fall, we can do that much.  They did their job, now it’s time for you to do yours.  Open up the syco systems computer. “ A raven flies away.
A dance of blades, weaving through the ranks of the massive battle cattle army, the dancers look like children compared to the bulky masses of the battle cattle.  The sword wielding warriors elegantly push forward, stab, and roll back.
The planet outpost Kain like most of the known universe equips polarized dampener shields that make energy weapons and laser fire useless, metal and plastic projectiles can still be fired but most infantry units carry a reverse charging molecular field that repels any incoming small solid ordinance directly back into the shooter.  Special hand to hand weapons are the best way to carve a path through any armed crowd.
One warrior, Rook of Rock, her hair jet black, launches her spear at the Battle Cattle Leader.  The Mon warrior, a Minotaur, sprays liquid fire from its flame thrower just missing her, flames scorch across the burnt lawn.  As her spear pierces through his eye, puncturing and forcing the eye socket to swallow three inches of crumbling bone wider than his skull allows, his forehead caves in, the giant minotaur’s head pops like a ripe melon, brains and gore explode out his eye sockets, mouth, and nostrils. The spear continues out the back of his skull, his head still attached and still soaring, strikes the wall of the keep, vibrating.  Her elbow knife swings back forcefully into the throat of another battle cattle.  She turns in mid jump as his neck, open, gushes blood, body, still propelled by its massive legs and bulk, it continues running, dead, till the cattle warriors body topples back, landing among the rose bushes.
She sees the end of a poem as she, in mid battle, in but a fleeting moment, observes his big frankfurter lips sticking, entangled in the rose thorns.  Or she thinks, could it possibly be a poem's beginning?  She notices the beautiful red of the roses, and as the battle cattle’s blood feeds it, her heart an open wound, she feels the pain she is inflicting.  The rose, soaks in the spring of the blood, and the red roses slowly drown in a puddle of black.
The gardens are burning.  The gardens of the masters, the knowledge and wisdom made possible from reverse cabbaging.  Eons of knowledge in vast vaults of Galactic Libraries, all that wisdom lost. The Great Tree’s planted from the seeds found inside the Master’s brains.  So much knowledge wasted, nothing will grow here now, as she, still jumping forward, she reaches up grabbing hold of the spear using it like a pullup bar and lifts kicking up and pole-vaulting over the garden wall, landing onto the temple roof, and sliding down the carved rock pillars.
They are surrounded and incredibly outnumbered, she, takes her spear and as she hears and feels the Mon circle around the outside of the temple, her own people cut down, she stands on the tree tile, and says a word of power slamming the butt-end of her spear into the ground.  Suddenly the earth shakes. A large crevice from the impact of her spear forms and the mountain cliff begins to slip and slide across the stone floor.  Soon the floor splits apart, the temple and cliff crumbling inside the mountains hungry lips as the quake severs through the cliff and gobbles them up.  Just before she falls through the widening cavern crevice, she sees a giant’s hand reaching up from below and hears a loud howl baying of hunger and freedom.  She dies laughing.  The enemy wins this battle, but none here will live to tell it.

CHAPTER 61
Something beautiful in the shadows grows.  A layer of fog over the muddy planks crisscrosses the swamp, his footing sure and steady as he paces himself walking through the fields of everglow and through an eruption of cattails reeds and clumps of giant trees, the make do flimsy bridge crosses.  The mud and swampland has the overpowering odor of death from the bowels of the middle of a fast food burrito bathroom, but he knows this is where the best nutrient rich and miracle growth dirt exists.  He pulls his scarf tighter around his nose and mouth.
“This you can see is the downtown metropolis,” says the guide, the thin man with skinny legs and arms, and a band with feathers on his head.  “A lot of new buildup here, we are almost in the heart of our community, it is bustling with new activity ever since we built the new courthouse and asylum.  We simply have to cross the intersection on our right and heads three blocks over.”  He points to a forest of pine oak and a variety of other trees.
Bup looks again at the desolate swampland, an occasional distant light flickers, but other than his present company it all looks deserted, just trees and bugs.
“I don’t see anything,” says Bup.
“Oh my, did you hear what I said when we started this trek, it is in another realm? The entrance way you travel every night?”
“What?”
“Oh goodness, of course you don’t see anything, you are stuck in the material world, here take a hit of this,”
And the skinny man passes him a rolled cigar, “Pure facial hair from a linx, clean cut, high quality, took over a whole ten cycles to grow, saturated in yoke.”
Bup looks at it cautiously before hesitantly bringing it into his lips and drawing a deep hit from inside its peach’s pit.  The burning laced smoke joint burns billowing into his lungs and into his system.
Suddenly there is an intense bright flash, a glow, and he sees now a city bustling with activity.  Bup sees his guide is actually a praying mantis with long stick legs and thin arms, it holds its hands like it is praying while constantly rubbing them together. “There that’s better right Chief?”  it says through its clatter mouth.
Bup laughs, harder when he realizes his voice is coming out in a series of smooth clicks.  He regains control realizing his body is different too, he looks at himself for the first time, his back is like a shell, and he has skinny arms and legs as well, “I do believe I am a cricket!”  he chirps out, “Hot dawg!”
They are in the heart of a bristling city, buildings and enclaves surround them, and right across the street form the courthouse, movie theater, and tax evasion offices, is a big building with a giant neon sign that reads, “Asylum” and under it, “The Brain bank”.
“That’s the place the informant said the goods were at, I can only take you inside and get you admitted, but you must take it from there, I fear I will be no help once you enter inside,” says the praying mantis, “This brain is well guarded, the lobotomy zombies wander there like so many lollipops in a jar, its almost as if they can smell the brain and will guard it with their lives.”
“I am King,” says Bup, “I have lived, felt the high and low, pleasure and pain of millions, and now their souls in purgatory, I have known each of my subjects very intimately.  That is how I became their King.  We need the help of a Master.”
Inside its dark shell, Bup spots rows upon rows of ceramic jars piled ontop of each other on shelves and pedestals.  “This must be the right place,” he says as a small dung beetle comes out to see him.

“Oh,” says the lobbyist as she skips around the puddles on the bathroom tiled road, tending to press her frail body down and do a little dip as if afraid to get her textile shoes wet as she skips, “Any particular brain you seek?  We have quite a selection,” she passes him a menu.
“No normal brain, sister, it’s an ancient earth clump. I need,” and he whispers to her.
Her eyes shoot wide open and she gasps out, “Oh,  Oh my,” taking the menu from him with shaky hands, “Why that particular brain is already in use, why that brain was leant out a long time ago in a distant galaxy very fa..
“I was a dog once,” says Bup, “It was one of my best lives, I had a mate, she was captured and converted for a Hellhound, the procedure, you know, the Devil’s Eye Cactus transplanted into her brain.  They only got it particularly right, the White Coats.  She went through agonized hell while they studied and experimented on her for eons, freezing and unfreezing her.  She is trapped in purgatory with my other souls, her brain is still being activated, I will raise her, she will fly, she will make it to the trees.”
She looks at him wildly, “I’ve heard that expression before,” she says backing up as if to escape, “Your crazy!  How can one channel so many, you must have….”
Then she looks at him and bursts into tears, “The soul hotel, a drain, plumbing in the ocean, the forest faucet, it never stopped did it..?  You were forced to experience each universal reset without the death filter?  Each passing visitor busting through your door?    Never to go home? The entrance and exit, the door was forced open, your body the portal you never could pass, it never shut, did it?   You consumed each life without an exhaust?  So crowded?   Oh God I am so sorry!  I am so sorry!”
“I was promised one special life, but after the first nine souls I thought, this is too much, I cannot continue to bear this weight, but they kept coming with all of their love and fear joy and anxiety, you know all the elements of life, they all expected their own unique heart and mind, their own source of  love and joy and fear.   They all deserved that, instead they got me, a dark dirt stain on a beautiful painting, and now what the Fuck do I know about being a Light, or a Divine Spark?  I was their God conscience, their heart’s flame, I am no body special, just a Joe Blow from off the street.  They deserved a real God, they had no chance.  I lived everyone of them, the running joke was, Why did the man cross the road. Know the answer?   No!  How could you, unless you were the chicken?  And became the chicken.  And walked a million miles in the chicken’s taloned shoes.  Know how many times I heard and pondered that?  Have you any idea?”  Flames are beginning to flare from his eyes, then like a rough sea suddenly calmed he smiles, “Oh its really lame,” and he chuckles a little and takes a drag from the hair joint she offers.
“Now I am on the other side of the road, and I question just where it leads.”

CHAPTER 62
“But I only want her, my thoughts, my feelings, the heart wrench for my love nuts and bolts. squeezing my hearts screws and turning them around, she is all I can think about, is this love?  This feeling?”
Salt looks at Bup and smiles, “when last we met I made a life debt to your girl Halo, but I really was in no danger, at least not from a peanut allergy, my bracelet she mistook for peanut allergies was really for mental health awareness, but remember the chaos all about, the war zone, I guided you through the planes of lower hell, I brought you to the main demon pimp’s den, remember?  Remember Star?”
“No, my memories begin after I died.  Is she a demon?”
“She has some clout in the spirit realm, and her and Halo are tight.  She grows quite a garden, I can give you the coordinates.”
In the fog a pulsating light begins flashing, what looks like a chandelier of glowing diamonds lowers from the sky.  Beams of color fluxurate, suddenly a great call sounds and knight riders of nightmares come rushing out of the storm, there are cries of dismay and fear as the knights charge into the downtown wilderness community.
“Who are they?”
“They are the reason I took you here, they are brokers, assimilators, pirateers, they supply the Sain empire with fresh slaves and food and items of interest, I’m not saying join them but it is an easy way in.”
“How do I find her?”
“Oh, no worries, trust me, she will find you. Take a deep drag of this,” and Salt passes him a joint of hair.  He smokes it.
“Now just relax and let’s destroy this galaxy, it will be….  ummmmpp… so beautiful...”
Bup sits back in the cushion, uncrosses his legs and arms and sinks into the pillow.  Suddenly his mind shoots open and he sees more clearly the door above him.  He opens it.

CHAPTER 63
He shines a grin on him, he holds up what looks like a harmonica taped to a juice box drink with a trigger, “This, my friend, is a fear gun.”
“Are people afraid when they look at it?”
“It starts with a small startle, a silent small shock, like a wound, then the fear begins to grow into, sometimes, absolute horror.”
“Sounds scary, in fact I’m a little scared right now, are you using it on me?”
“Besides the fact that I’m a bad ass worthy of your fear, no.”
The voices die away in the lower catacombs of his mind.
Bup walks through the streets of downtown Sanitarium, humanoids walk past, a few trees are slowly lumbering down the street, other alien presences make their notice.  Bup makes his way through a subterrain travel system and walks up a level into a small bus and refreshment shop, there is a pathway that leads into a large metal hanger, possibly a space depot.  Most of the humanoids wear masks, Bup spies an open monitor broadcasting a Prophet’s station near a pleasure taxi terminal.  As he draws closer he can hear the sermon.
“You’re like a child brandishing a big gun, only you’re an ancient tree with a crayon.  Can I get an Amen?”
“Amen!”
“You tired of cauliflower stuffed worm patties you waited in the bread line all day for? when you just want a slice of rye bran?  Can I get an Amen?”
“Amen!”
“You walking the streets and lost and don’t know where to go and don’t know what to do but you’re hungry and your tired and you just need a friend?  Can I get an Amen?”
“Amen!”
“The Lion sings of Lima Beans, the lamb of man murders again, worrying about your brother, friend? He suffers whipped crawling fire lice and pain for ideals of justice.  The window was always meant to be broken, why else  did The ALL outside the WALL provide rocks?  Lend a hand and scatter the ashes of the brave, hug the damned, it is because of their agony that you are saved.  Can I get an Amen?”
“AMEN!”
Bup studies the monitor screen, he sees the entrance to the prophets church is a wicker door held up by a giant tree.  Bup turns and sees a metal swing Al Prod taxi with a small green man in the highest swing walking near him looking for fares, “Take me to this Prophet,” says Bup seating in one of the lower swings, he throws a red refurb in the fare box and the swing set begins lumbering down the road.

CHAPTER 64
The prophet10, wearing green suspenders with a riot blaster tucked beneath his trousers clears his throat, letting a small song bird crawl out from his palm.  He places it in an open lantern, all the lanterns are connected to the grand organ fountain in the middle of the cubical complex.  The bird sits on a sponge of bright light and as it is pulled through the clear tubes it chirps and sings a beautiful melody, the organ casting orbs of light and deep heartroots, rumbles out the songbird’s final orchestra.
“Yes, our savior, born clothed in flesh he was imprisoned in the body of the tree where he learned the true meaning of darkness, growing in the shade, behind walls and reinforced ceilings, he learned the true meaning of darkness through photosynthesis and belief, heart and soul, born again hybrid, from the seed of a dandelion, he cast on his crown and a wave of darkness to embrace and wash over the heart and feed the titan, the universe for a taste.”
“Does this titan have a name?”
“Names are petty, but the lesser beings have baptized him with the name ‘Now’” says the prophet10.  His eyes turn dark holes and a light foggy mist of shadow pours out and begins attaching to Bup who tightens his grip around the railing.
“I have inhabited countless lives, I do not wish to possess you, but the other Earth children scattered about, them I must find, for the great Puzzle is Now, and each one is a piece, and I am the Puzzler, do you understand, and I need to feed on your precious memories, your love, your loss, your beauty.  Right now you’re the only being keeping me from inhaling in this planets soul and exhaling it out a ripped out empty hole,” says Bup.
The darkness softly washes against the preacher of Now’s face, it covers his nose and mouth and accumulates.  The man smiles wide as the darkness enters him and he reaches his hand up to his neck pulling out a pendant.  The dark ripples all around him like he threw a giant rock in the pond.
“What’s this then?”  Bup backs off, he can feel a deep deep unnatural taint, he feels a numbness and repel, something is blocking him from draining this man’s chakra and thoughts.  He reaches again and again is repelled, his eyes shift to the man’s necklace., of a wooden tree.
“Wood from the One Tree.”
Bup looks at it with interest, “Yes, yes, I can feel it.”  It is a carving of a flowering tree in the form of a question mark.  “It is beautiful,” he says.
“Now,” says Bup, “I will eat your fear and it will sustain me as I cast my shroud and attach to you a shadow, that you may block the light from falling on this bleeding festering wound of a planet.  I feed on you to heal the sick.”  The man is still hunched over but his shadow rises to the ceiling along the pipes, another songbird enters the organ that still bleeds.
 “You..” the prophet10’s trying to say something… “hurt..  me... to save… the damned.”
The man is slowing, his feet dragging, he is moving in slow motion.  “Soon you will become a tree,” says Bup.
“How… when… I loved..  so.. much..”
“A small tiny drop in the bucket my friend.  I have eaten whole cows of their beefy burger meaty treats and left their carcases to rot while I lay on the pearly white sand and try to get as tan.  Do you understand?”
A twinkle lights in the man’s eyes and Bup laughs because he knows the man does, perfectly, “Do you really want to know where I, an unremarkable sinner, to cast your Hope in?” Bup continues, “Not the offering box here at church, no, nor the freebies in the lost and found basket, no, my hope is in ashes, for, for there to be ash there must first have been wood.  Burn me to ash and I will know my heart was once good.  I do not give it away so easily yet I am carting around so much of the universe I am paralyzed to move, the weight is unbearable.”
Bup removes his visor from his eyes revealing one, a twirling world, with the tiny words “it’s meant to be fun,” carved in it in red, and the other eye, a burning black hole.  Now the prophet10’s fear is pumping, flooding out of him as he tries backing up, “I am a Titan of Darkness that burns on the fuel of Souls and Light.  I am Now.”
The Prophet of Now falls to his knees, “I knew you were!” he yells.

CHAPTER 65
“You are the most evilest destroyer of worlds, and economies, wherever you go a path of destruction and mayhem follows.”
“I don’t really think I’m evil.” Says Bup, “I feel good like I am a contributing member to society.  I try to be nice.”
“Yes, a society of nice psychopaths.  Nice is for sitting down with Grannie and having a bowl of squash stew.  You’re a stone cold killer.  You would rather pull out a man’s ribs one by one than let anyone hold the door open for you when you enter a SwapKeys fueling station.  That’s cold, wouldn’t you agree?”
“What?  No…  I just don’t feel that way.  I don’t want to kill any body.”
“Oh.. Hah  HA Good one killer, I don’t want to kill any one says the man who just imploded three star systems killing countless lives.  Ha, You’re just a riot over here.”
Bup, with feelings of frustration, double checks his casual cricket illusion.  He can travel to the insect world without a guide now, he just needs a constant supply of facial hair to smoke.  He seems to be smoking it more and more lately, but he does not consider it a problem, yet.  He needs it, and he gets so much out of his trips.
His back legs and crest are blue.  He is safe in the blue insect district.  So many rules, so much to know.  As a cricket his responsibilities are spiritual in nature and gives him some clout and respect, he serenades the morning sun, without him and his fellow brothers in the cricket clan, the morning sun wouldn’t rise and wake up till way after noon, the dawn would arrive late, or never awake and they would be left in the dark.  He also must remember there are some that flourish in the dark, he has some natural enemies who would welcome eternal darkness with open arms.  He is starting to forget his mission.
He walks past a soldier ant infantry squad. The leader bows his head in respect and Bup acknowledges with a soft rub of his legs, blessing them with a chirp.
Inside the beautiful home of the Elegant Spider Wopenjaypile, Bup is mesmerized by the sap sculptures and sap stained teardrops of glass making up the windows in an array of brilliant colors that flood the whole of the interior rooms and outside porch in a beautiful amber light.
“What is this?” asks the Spider with a baffled grin, “A lost cricket?  Playing the blues?  Don’t you know I’m most nocturnal, and hungry, you must play a mean tune for your back legs look awful good, their shape, their fit inside my mouth as you vibrate my throat in a delicious beat.  Aw yes, I will perhaps spend the next five jars of time relishing eating you in my fantasy and then if you are still here I will eat you.  Fair warning?”
Bup nods his cricket head, “Yes, that’s fair.  I will be quick, I was told you know every member of the blues and the reds and I am in need of finding one who is a refugee from my home world, a humanoid, from the planet Earth.”
Wopenjaypile scratches her legs against the floor in a back track hissing, “I’ve heard of the mythological place called Earth, a rich source of Medusa’s Milk they say, but I know no match to the humanoid you are mentioning, but you, to know these things, tell me are you a humanoid in your dreams?  Can you still remember the passing through the threshold?   I experience daily crossing but can never remember what is on the other side, can you tell me what is on the other side?”  The spider, interest stirring, opens up her mouth in a grin.
Bup begins playing majestic music rubbing his legs, the sweetest sound comes floating around them, the small den in the tree limbs begins glowing brighter and brighter and bright and the spider’s eyesack blink back several times.
“Oh so lovely, so beautiful..”
“To answer your previous questions, yes, I do know and remember what lies beyond the threshold, and I will do better than..” he says tapping his cane vibrating it on the beautiful wooden sap painted floor, before placing it in his back legs, “tell you I will show..  …YOU!” and he pulls back his hind legs taunt like a bow string and releases the cane.
The Spider lets out a gasping cry as Bup’s cane, spiked and sharp at the end, impales the spider’s thick abdomen, black blood shoots out as she grabs at her punctured heart.  “Cold blooded murderer?  Barbarian…!”
Bup quickly rams his front claw through the Spider’s mouth and into the back of her head.
Bup, a healer at heart, feels the pain he inflicts, and he doubles over in agony, he almost forgot what death pain was like and his chest and eyes recoil in a sudden burst of intense mind blowing grinding pain.  The spider, gulps a couple times and Bup continues to play, the song sounds a bit sadder now, “You will see a beautiful light soon,” he says to the spider as her eyesack begins panicking and her body shudders, “It will be the most beautifulest thing you have ever seen.   The song begins to take on a joyous rhythm.  “Do not be afraid, The Love is with you. I hope you forgive me, there is a universe at stake.”
It seems as if the Spider smiles, it flips on its back and its legs curl up and it dies.  Bup plays the song just a spell longer and it ends in a powdering of sunlight on a distant dawn. Bup pulls out his cane arrow from the Spider’s chest.  “Why did the oracle say to come here?   Why did he cross the road?  There is nothing, nothing.”  He looks around.  He can find nothing familiar to him that speaks of Earth, it is all alien looking insect furnishings.  Suddenly there is a knock on the door, Bup freezes, he still is reeling in death spasms, his curse and his blessing as a healer, to feel double the pain he inflicts.
He catches his breath, “Who is it?” he calls.
“It’s Tide, Cheer and Gain.” The youngsters voice calls out from the doorway, “We are here to deliver your fresh linen string, pure and cleanly washed for your enjoyment.”
“What did you say your names are?” asks Bup he hops closer and peaks out the door.
The young silkworm sighs, “Tide, Cheer, and Gain, I know the names are a little odd.  Our Grandmother worm named us.  We are Washers.  She had a funny special name she sometimes called us, when we were little, I cant remember it now, something like..”
Something long dead stirs inside his memory, their names, so familiar, suddenly it rushes him, “Laundry detergent?” asks Bup.
The silkworm brightens up, “Yeah how did you know?”
“Take me to your house, full speed,” says Bup, bounding out the door.  “This is an emergency!”

CHAPTER 66
“You found my physical body,” says Star, “my physical form.  Now what,” she plays coy with her long hair parting between her small cute horns, “are you going to do to me?”
“I seek my memories, my mind, I ravage the living flesh of this body, my body that is only bone and flesh around a giant black hole.  I need to find my original brain, I starve for it, without it I have a hole I cannot fill.  
I need to feed on everything precious.  I was told to travel here, to this world, and find the Wyrm Hole to take me to what I desired, Halo, the White Coats, and find a Hellhound.  Tell me where I need to go.”
“I sense you have grown strong and have more discipline and focus now, can channel your power more effectively, this is good.  That nion Heel did something right.  But oh.. your power!   Your learn quickly, as far as me, I am able to communicate to the Bugs, They call me their Queen.  I get much more out of them then they do out of me.  It is my honor.”
“They can’t tell you’re a humanoid?  It seems blatantly obvious to me that you are just wearing a bag.”
“Different senses, and I can in a way control how they think,” says Star.
“So you’re the Worm?   I was told to find the Worm Hole, what do you know about that?” says Bup.
“That, my friend, I think is blatantly obvious.”  She lets the brown plastic bag fall around her ankles and steps out naked.  “Tell me my slayer, tell me, Why does the sniper put the small mirror in the brush of the jungle woods?”
“He does it for a distraction,” says Bup.
“No, it is because he wants the trees to see themselves,” says Star.
“But trees do not have any eyes.”
“How do you know that.  You cannot see,” says Star,
“Then why do the trees plant the image of the mirror in my mind,” says Bup.
“So you can see that you really are a tree,” says Star,
Her body glistens with tree sap and the iridescent rainbow shine of slug trails over her bark and branches, her body perks up, she tilts her ass and holds it taunt slowly turning in a full circle before him, a prized private stock for him to inspect, dancing to some far off song in some distant station, her tits in tune, the volume held by her legs slowly spread but determined not to give herself up she bucks her thighs back together tightly and he catches a shot of her inner garden they guard and support, “You come here to fuck me my friend?” she asks hesitantly.  “You are the World Eater.”
There is a small tear in her eyes, she looks at Bup with the cages of her eyes unlocked, she looks at Bup with a loving look of sadness.
“I cannot tell you much, this will be my end, but I think you deserve some comfort, you are a healer, remember the miracles of sex?  It feels good, yes?  But there is also more at stake, a miracle of life, now just think, what if your sperm is a chariot that rides into me holding the ALL outside the WALL and his infinite plan inside you?  Sometimes creation has a price.  When you enter me I will take you in graciously and fully, you will have full control, I will offer you my plush loins for you to occupy in the weakness between my thighs, a serving of my flesh, my burning limbs for you to lumber and climb into and fell.  My carriage filled with your meat, open, to be torn apart.  I will take you and swallow you fully, the tender lips of my hips tinder, in each thrust of your trunk’s piercing full awaking moments, filled full of your love and each time you erupt inside me, deeper down deep deeper down, you will fill my waiting muse and egg with the fire of God.  I will open and take you in, swallow each pickle jar full of your preservatives to relish and sing as our bodies move beneath and between and above each other in a tender beautiful dance.”
She lets her hand flow down Bup’s chest and touches his space trousers.  They erupt in flame and fire, as she unbuckles the burning fabric.  There is a flame burning inside her lit pit and as her eyes lock on his with a sliver of a coy mischief, she tilts her head, slightly bent, as she without looking grabs his cock in her fiery touch.  Bup snapping back as if from a deep sleep makes conciliation quickly with himself and reaches his hand behind her neck, gripping her ponytail and the back of her head, unable to do anything but kiss as he slowly enters inside of her.
“Didn’t they call you a Master?  Why would you show your hand so early in the game?” he asks as he thrusts into her.
She smirks a little, her lips pouty as she delivers him a cleansing kiss.  “I have my reasons, just wanted you to know, you have given me a part of yourself now, your impenetrable heart, as I have given you my pussy, I now can kind of control your senses too.” She reaches down with her hands and pulls up her worm costume.
Suddenly Bup, feels her slime and his arms tightly around her waist as she slides around,, he is hugging a huge, wide as a full grown oak tree, he is hugging a huge worm.  “Oh my God! Oh Fuck Shit, What,” he lets go of her thoroughly repelled.  “Oh my God, Oh my God,” he is having a panic attack.
The Giant worm thrashes above him, the ribbed rings of iridescent flesh around its girth, it, towering above him, reaches down and opens a giant mouth full of teeth, it bites him on the neck, just a playful bite, then as Bup staggers back and before he can turn, the giant worm opens up its mouth fully and dives its head down over him and swallows Bup whole.
As all light fades and he hears in the background a counter opening the connection to the source and begin counting in pie form for space travel, he thinks in the back of his mind he also hears chuckles and laughter.

CHAPTER 67
“Let me explain it in such a way, suppose you are a bug, an ant say, and you have just found a beautiful and delicious slice of cheese cake where did the cheese cake come from?  Doesn’t really matter, does it?”
“It could I suppose but no.”
“Say some other conscience found you on the cheesecake and picked up the whole slice and threw it in the trash bag with all the other trash.  Suppose the bag is closed and you are now there in the trash bag with all the trash waiting to go to the dump.  You hear stories of how great the dump is, but you do not know.  You get tossed around, but there is plenty of treasures in the bag to find, you crawl upon alfredo shrimp and remains of steak and sweets like chocolate chips and cookie crumbs.  But then something happens.  There is a hole or something in the bag that you find.  You crawl out the hole in the bag and into a whole new world.  That is amazing in itself  but what’s even crazier is you have somehow now become a major player, a strong piece, and you are raising awareness and concern from the other players.  You are an ant who is now controlling the garbage truck on its way to the dump.  I would advise you against making too big of a splash, or make yourself too big of a threat.  Forces are at work, but you are now, very impressive.”  And He smiles.
Tri-Hex looks at the mini weenies with spider legs march down the middle of the table guarding what looks like radioactive yams and he frowns.  He holds his fork ready.
“See everything?  The Beauty? The Love?”
“The Love?” says Tri Hex and he pauses then smiles. 
“Tell me my boy, tell me, What’s your first move.  From all of this infinitely wide food buffet from every corner of the universe.  What’s your first move?
“Oh yum, ok let me think.  Something from everywhere…  do you have any dense gravity grubs?  Never mind, this looks good,”  and he picks up a triple cake lid that mirrors a woman’s breasts if she has three in a triangular layout. Suddenly dozens of small snake women pull and puncture out of the geletain cake mold, they crawl out rapidly, like worms, bottom halves are snakes. They leave behind a brownie.
“Ah my boy, the Gorgan’s rise again, Thirsty? For Love?  Huh?  Medusa’s Milk?  Quite possibly?  and is there a Queen among their mix?  Who knows my boy!  What the future holds?  Hmmm?  What would be your second move.? ”
Tri-Hex shrugs and sitting back reaches over and grabs something that looks like a big dog paw print with blisters and holes all over it.  It smells like peanut butter.  He lifts on piece and suddenly a beast with red glowing eyes leaps onto the table.
“Ah… AH…  this is.. this is remarkable, how very special,” the Consumer beaming.  “Yes, I see now why the banana picked you.  Yes, Ok then I’m just dying to see how you taste, hop on in.” and he opens his mouth.  A large archway appears and Tri-Hex stands and, crossing the threshold, walks into His gaping mouth, as the Consumer closes it behind him.
“What?  Where’s my soul spoon?  It was right there in the dish that was right next too…  that little punk!  Come back Tri Hex!  You stole my soul spoon!” 

CHAPTER 68
“What’s up with this crappy ship SyCo telecomunicator?  It hardly ever functions right.”
“Remember this ship is from the Mule system, the planets orbiting there might as well be the 9 planes of hell, its horrid.  It only picks up your voice if you are angry.”
“Angry?  We are selling sponsorship for mental health awareness for the orbital space race.”
“Well, it needs to pick up some level of anger in your voice or it won’t work.”
  “System Computer!” yells Tri-Hex.
“Yes Master?”
“Call user id Mermaid on the Egg Moon of Crowrag.”
“Do you really want me to or are you too angry to shout?”
“Just do it you stupid piece of crap!”
“Dialing…”
“Hello..  is this Tri-Hex?”
“Yes Beautiful, I’m calling you because we…”
“Like my new look?  I traded in for fin design on my legs and have been working on my hips with hot vigor,” She lifts up her skirt and spins around, “I am pulsating out more heat from my thighs then a yellow dwarf star.”
“Oh Yes, yes, yes, yes.. are you..”
“I can warm lasagna with the back side of me and bake cookies with the front.”
“Oh Dear Goggles, I love you.  When can we meet?”
“You actually on this time span or will you be time lagged an orbit?  I’m free tonight.”
“Ok, ok, good, yes!  And even more Awesome sounding then last time, we are gonna..”
“Here coordinates, call when phasing out of orbit.  Don’t forget your Space Boots and Blaster, A4H.”
“What?’
“Agent for Hope..”
Screen returns to champaign water.
“Sing!  Sing!  New coordinates!”
“How many sponsors for the Mental Health Awareness Orbital Race have you obtained?”
“New plans, we are going to visit the Egg Moon of Crowrag.”

CHAPTER 69
Tri-Hex opens the door to Leafdream’s Tomb.  It is made of some material that reminds him of crayons.  Inside is a pruned garden of beautiful trees and flowers and the huts shine in an explosion of color, the walls radiate and seem to breathe,  Everywhere is beautiful uplifting splurges of abstract design.
“You realize something?”
“What?”
“None of the buildings or furniture are made from wood even though there is an abundance of trees.”
“Yes, lets follow the map.”
They turn and turn getting deeper inside the vacant tomb.
He stops.  “This is the one.”
“Figures it would be giant.”
“We are to chop it down and dig out one of its saplings to return.”
Sing begins counting, eyes, glaze over into blackness, he, quantum physics, is mumbling the equation of pie cubed 9 billion to 2, gathering his energy to focus on one point of the tree and blow it down with the power of chi-breath.
Tri-Hex walks around the huge trunk.  Behind where he was standing in front, he sees a lower limb, the sun, there is a reflection of something shiny. He walks closer.  It is a watch.  He stops.  “That’s odd.”
“So obsolete.  And earth like.”
It is shattered. Broke.  But the hour and minute hand still visible read 5:27. Tri-Hex looks at his universal syco orbiting him.  “That’s in one minute earth time.”  
Suddenly the watch alarm rings, and the tree in front of them begins shaking.  The limbs curl up, the bark grows translucent.  A doorway opens.  A portal to another realm.

CHAPTER 70
“Looks like I’m not the only one told to go to the Mule System’s home planet moon,” says Halo.  Her crown, made from her protruding skull, glows in a beautiful light.
“Speak for yourself, I was eaten by a giant worm,” says Bup.
Halo looks from Bup to Heal to Tri-Hex back to Bup.  She smiles slightly, reaching for the heart around Heal’s neck.  “You have my heart my love…  back when I was before.”
She reaches for it, slipping it off Heal’s neck.  As she touches him, Heal shivers.  “Icicle?  Yes it is you!”
“And you, the star seed banana eater, you complete the trinidad.” She says turning to Tri-Hex. “I shared part of your love, before your mind wipe, but I think you will remember me now.  You are the third angle in the triangle.  You three are the one.”  She reaches out and touches each of them on the temple, and their eyes shoot open in clarity.
“But how…  is it possible?”
“The ALL enjoys such rarities from around the universe, he will be dining on you three for His coming of the 2nd brunch,  Didn’t you know what this is all about?”
Tri-Hex, looks at Bup, Heal looks at Tri-Hex, Bup scratches his head, and says, “Things are sorta making sense.”
“My brain. Which one of you dimwits has it?”
“I hope I’m not wasting it.”
 “There is something I should probably tell you,” says an old wooden man, his crown is wooden, grown from his skull. “I have the first list of ingredients we need for my Masters Spoon Bread with Mince Meat recipe.  The directions read, Combine together 3 of a kind and a Queen, and add the Star Seed, fill them all full of adrenaline for three Tupperware containers of time, then allow them to rise.  I think we should follow his recipe.”
“What does that.. hey? Whats happening?”
They all start floating upwards, up towards a cloud.  Tri-Hex can see what looks like a giant castle forged from cloud substance, a large dream tower nears as they all float closer. 


CHAPTER 71
The ALL outside the WALL’s ambassador smiles, “I so enjoy taking on this form,” he turns, his body pulsating in golden light, he says admiring himself.  He is a misshapen potato man with thin whispy legs and thin windy arms.  He carries a large tree branch.  “judgement day I feel, but no worry no worry, hell has vacancy,” the ambassador smiles, “I joke I joke, no, now none of you fulfilled your mission I fear, and the meals you brought to the table are scrawny at best, no, if our God is to make a homerun we need….  we need more effort.  I mean right now the Bownmachine universe is razing us to the ground.  Now, consider this the final five with no timeouts.  Get in there and break a bone, do you want your God to score or stay on the sidelines.  No losers, get in there and fuck that universe up!”
His voice trails as the light ball lifts and begins to diminish.  Alarms are sounding from outside.  A battle is raging.
Suddenly their bodies are released.  Tri Hex falls five feet and coughs blood before righting himself.  Bup and Heel are right next to him.  The three look at each other warily.  Each one's body and facial features look exactly the same.  “We..” 
“are..”
“the same.”
Halo, her ice crown stoic, on her head, looks at all three.  “Touch each other, hold hands.”
They are slow to respond. “Don’t be bashful just do it, I’m curious.”
Tri Hex reaches out and grasps Bup’s and Heal’s hands.  Suddenly they all are aware of everything about each of them.  Suddenly they are one,
“I know,..”
“I know..”
“I know….”
“You.”
“You.”
“You.”
Screams echo from the corridor.  Clang of metal upon metal, curses, grunts, and finalized screams that are cut short.  The door leading out of the compound begins to buckle.
“There is a rocket ship, a primitive vessel, but space worthy, three clicks north.  Follow me!  We can go out the sewage grate that leads to the space hanger,” yells Halo a little excitedly.
The three follow Halo to the lavatory where she lifts up a grate and grimacing hops down the tube.  The smell is noxious, Tri Hex stuffs his nose with some lavender scented tp, while Bup rolls his eyes, and Heal vomits out what was once a cheese quesadilla, before jumping down.
Inside the catacombs of sewage and darkness only interrupted by the light shining from occasional passing grates in the neon light of countless water and sewage facilitators.  They are running as loud explosions and the whistling of a bombardment from above continues.  They are still running when suddenly Halo stops and points up.  As she climbs the railing, her wet space suit clinging to her body softly, her hair curls running past her shoulder blades.  “I am feeling…”
She stops halfway up and gives them a look.  It is a devious look masked by something a little cloudy, if Tri Hex was a gambler he would say she had something to hide and was bluffing, badly.
He reaches up to her ankle, grasps it and lightly pulls her down.
“Princess what’s this all about, really.”
She is panting but it is not form all the running, it is as if she is exerting all of her energy in other areas outside herself.
“I.. dont know what you mean..” she mumbles, but then gives a grin.  Her pants snag on a bolt and as she jumps down rather hastily they rip neatly.  Ruining them.  A seam splits down her tight fabric splitting them down the middle.  She is butt naked from the waist down.  The three men stop in their tracks, modest, divert their eyes, but cannot help but notice that the Queen of Ice has three burning pink plump rose bud vaginas.
“Princess, I think you grew two more…. uh...  you know.”
“I think I know where this is leading.   You are not really trying to escape are you?  This is a big goose chase.”
She tries to cover herself up but in vain.  “I am not…” she says.  “I am not who you think I am.  I am the Bownmachine.  The Goddess who is assaulting your universe.  I didn’t know it at first, I had blocked my mind to enjoy the experience more, you know.  You see…    I am reaching my timeline.  I need…  well…..  I need your…”
“Yes?”
“To make willing love to me is to condemn yourself to death.  You see I carry a rare virus.”
“An STD?” asks Bup.
She flinches like he struck her, “No nothing that crude, it’s just inside my vaginas are other galaxies of different matter, and only if all three are…”
“Fulfill your destiny,” whispers a voice.
“Yes, I see.” Crickets are chirping.  The sound of rodents running past.  “Not too romantic a spot we are at, but my lady, I am willing.”
“As am I.”
“and,” Tri Hex shrugs, “am I.”
“The pain will be intense and you will die horribly.” 
Breathing is getting harder among the noxious fumes.  Heal removes his mask then his black and red fringed cape and lays it across a sewage grating.  “My Lady.”
“I came seeking love and satisfaction in your death.  You see He needed your experiences, He needed you three to experience it all, to make the perfect meal, the one hors d’oeuvre for the bownmachine, a gift for us both to share and snack on.  I think I am going home in success.”
“Yes, I think so.”
“My Queen, I couldn't think of a better way of going out.”
In the background is hollering and sudden flushes of sewage facilities mixed with the rushing of wind from punctured holes in the vents adding a moaning that sounds like someone straining on the pot.  The irony is not missed.
They strip down and as they enter her, a turtle like creature crawls out of a pipe near her heaving breasts that are pressed into the steel grating of the sewage, she moans head down, ass up, and as if tasting a delicacy the turtle seems to smile then crawls further down the pipe.
In the Three Kings of One  eyes a bright light flashes, as their skin, burning, from the inside out, they are first frozen then cooked, the light intensifies mixed with a kaleidoscope of dark slivers and they dance while  the universe sings, and as they fall, dying, somewhere in utter agony mixed with pleasure, the light extinguishes from their sight, in the darkness the last thing they hear is the sound of their hearts beating faster and faster then all as one, a simultaneous pop and a lunch bell ringing not very far away.
