Where Eagles Gather
Susan Skylark

Copyright 2021 Susan Skylark
Smashwords Edition

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents:

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14

Other Books by this Author

Sample Chapter of ‘Things Unseen’ Book II in this series
‘In Which Iris Misses Tea,’ excerpt from ‘Of Tea…and Things
‘The Pallid Knight,’ Excerpt from ‘The Greylands’
‘On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible,’ excerpt
Excerpt from ‘Shadow of the Unicorn’
Excerpt from ‘Over the Hills and Faraway’
Excerpt from ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I’




1

“So the eagle has a chick, has he?” came the mocking voice, “How sweet!”
Raven drew his stony gaze away from the hospital bed and focused his keen eyes on the intruder instead, “what is that to you, Shadow?”
Laughed the other derisively, “absolutely nothing!  I’m not afraid of you or a dozen like you!”
“Certainly not,” replied the man gravely, returning his gaze to the boy in the bed, “that would be foolishness indeed, rather it is my Master you must dread above all else, even your own wretched lord.”
“We’ll see, wraith, we’ll see!” snapped he, “For my own part, I think it is all propaganda and wishful thinking!  If your dread master was so powerful, why hasn’t he done something already?  Why hasn’t he finished it?  Why didn’t he prevent it in the first place?”  He turned his scoffing gaze upon the pathetic figure in the bed and triumphed, “why does he let them suffer and die?”  He turned his burning and exultant gaze upon Raven for a moment before striding from the room as if he had just won the Olympic Gold by such a wide margin that there could be no dispute from any official or lesser athlete.  Raven ignored his theatrics and continued to watch the boy.
Suddenly a hundred lights started flashing and a cacophony of shrill beeps and alarms filled the air, Raven drew aside as a bevy of alarmed nurses and doctors flew upon the scene.  They tried valiantly, shocking him again and again, shouting orders and trying ever more desperate measures but nothing reversed the mournful tone of the monitor that showed his heart beat no more.  At last, the head physician shook his head gravely as a nurse drew a sheet over the unmoving form, he announced the time of death and everybody withdrew, to attend to those who might still benefit from their efforts.
As the last nurse exited the eerily silent room, she said quietly to Raven, who stood waiting in a forgotten corner, “I’m sorry, there was nothing we could do.”
“I understand,” said he, “and I appreciate all your efforts even so.”
She frowned slightly at him, “are you his father?”
“No,” said he solemnly, “but I’m the closest thing to family he has left.”
She nodded, “his mother and sister didn’t even make it this far; from what I hear it was a terrible crash.”  She glanced back at the still form, draped in its informal shroud, “perhaps in a small way it is a blessing?”
“All things work together for good,” quoted he.
She gave him a parting look, as if she thought him mad for thinking any good could come out of such tragedy, saying as she went, “you’re welcome to stay a little longer, but they’ll be up to do paperwork and move the body shortly.”  He nodded his understanding and she hastened off upon other errands, oblivious to the look of joyous anticipation that had replaced the continued gravity on that grizzled face.
He settled again in his chair, the room now quiet and dark, only the light and noise from the hall intruding into the tomblike ambiance, at least until the boy himself broke the stillness.  He gasped like a man suddenly pulled from beneath the waves and sat up in bed, but after that initial moment of shock and confusion, he lay back and seemed content with studying his situation and surroundings, an eager grin lighting up his countenance as his eyes fell upon his old friend.  “Raven?!” breathed he, “What has happened?  Where am I?  What is going on?”
“Not here,” whispered he, as several official looking people entered the room, some with a pile of paperwork and others seemingly come for the body.
All of them stopped, stared, shared a puzzled glance, rechecked their paperwork and the room number, and then stared again, before the person holding the biggest stack of paper accosted Raven, unable to take his eyes off the grinning lad in the bed, “this can’t be right?!  We’re here to…”
“It’s the correct room, all right,” grinned Raven as widely as the boy, “but I’m afraid the patient isn’t going to be all the cooperative, disagreeing entirely with the doctor’s pronouncement.”
The man stared at Raven as if he was speaking a foreign language, asking after a long and awkward pause, “we’re here to remove a body and fill out the attendant paperwork, but you are telling me he isn’t dead?”
“Quite,” agreed Raven cheerily, “but that’s just my opinion of course, perhaps you should consult a professional?”  The boy laughed in delight while the hospital staff exchanged a stymied look and a shrug, dashing off as quickly as protocol allowed.
Suddenly the room was alive again with doctors and nurses and a herd of others that had no reasonable excuse to be there except curiosity to gawk at this seeming miracle.  Raven again drew aside and let the professionals have their say while the nurses tried to herd out any extraneous people and restore order.  Raven watched it all from his corner, his eyes dancing with utmost amusement and joy.
Finally only the head physician remained to question the witness, “what happened?”
Raven shrugged, “all your machines and gizmos and technology and medicine couldn’t save him and you declared the lad dead.  And then he wasn’t.”
“I don’t understand,” said the doctor with a grim shake of his head, “I’ve never seen the like!  Even if he had managed to survive with those injuries, he should have been a vegetable for the rest of his life, but aside from some superficial bruising I can’t find anything wrong with him, physically or mentally!”
“Can I take him home?” queried Raven.
“But…?!” stuttered the physician.
Raven barked a laugh, “you’ve said yourself there’s nothing much the matter with him, but haven’t you ever seen a miracle before?”  At the man’s flummoxed look, Raven continued in a less jolly, more solemn vein, “perhaps you’ve just never realized it when you have, putting it down to luck or medicine or technology or whatever.  Poor man, no wonder you are absolutely confounded!”  He smiled encouragingly, “but now you know what to look for, and even better, perhaps you can know Who to look for,” at the doctor’s wondering stare, the man finished, “the One who made this possible of course!”  Leaving the physician to his astonishment and hopefully some metaphysical musings, Raven addressed the boy in the bed, Tristan by name, “come along lad, there’s naught to do here but scads of paperwork, let’s go home before we are forced to write ourselves to death!”
“Certainly,” replied he, leaping from the bed as if he had not been placed therein with many a shattered bone and crushed organ only a few hours prior.  “Good night,” said he politely to the stymied physician as they passed, too confounded even to protest that perhaps they should keep the boy overnight for observation.  They passed many a gaping and gawking figure in the hallways, but Raven said nothing and didn’t make eye contact, the boy doing the same, thus did they escape out into the parking garage and into Raven’s vehicle without complication or delay.
As they drove off into the night, at last Tristan could contain himself no longer and burst out, “what was that?”
Raven too burst asunder, but with delighted laughter rather than any sort of coherent reply, but at last he contained himself and asked of the boy, “what do you remember?”
Tristan sat back in the passenger seat and mused aloud, “we were going to a concert, mom and Carrie and I, just enjoying the ride and the time together and then mom screamed and I thought I heard a truck’s horn and screeching tires and then everything was noise and pain and motion and then nothing…”  He looked at Raven in shock, “my mother, my sister?”
Raven shook his head, “they didn’t even make it to the hospital.”
“And me?!” gasped the boy.
“Died an hour later,” continued he in the same grave tone.
“And now?” asked Tristan quietly, solemn as the dark before the dawn, but with a hushed eagerness, as if in anticipation of the imminent sunrise.
Raven’s smile lit up his whole face, “that’s what I’m here to tell you.”

“We’re moving in with Aunt Phyllis?!” repeated Gwen in astonishment as her mother apprised her of their future plans.
“It isn’t my first or even fiftieth choice,” said she, “but what else can we do?”
“I’m just supposed to move to Podunk, North Dakota and do what?” protested Gwen bitterly, “What about college and friends and any sort of a life?”
“I think they at least have indoor plumbing,” smiled her mother archly at her daughter’s drama, “and maybe even TV, though it is probably black and white.”
“All right, all right!” protested the girl ruefully, raising her hands as if to ward off any more of her mother’s humorous attacks, “I suppose there’s nothing else to be done and what are my paltry little concerns compared to the dire straits we find ourselves in?”  She fell into her mother’s arms and wept, “sorry to be selfish, mom!  I know you’ve tried so hard, I just wish dad…”
“I know, honey, I know,” cried she into her daughter’s hair, “but it can’t be helped and it isn’t our fault and we’ll just have to make the best of it, but at least we have each other.”  They sobbed together for a few moments, before their sense of the ridiculous got the better of them and they were suddenly apart and wiping their eyes and smiling sheepishly at one another before bursting into a relieved laugh at their mutual awkwardness.
“I’d better start packing,” grinned the girl, mostly at herself, but underneath it all, so happy to have such a home and family to fall back on when the world fell apart.  Her mother watched her go with a proud sparkle in her eye, knowing come what may, the girl would be all right.
The move was accomplished, mom was installed as the assistant cook at the school, not an elementary school or a high school but just the school, for the town wasn’t big enough to have separate institutions for each strata of education, but at least they had color TV.  Gwen found herself a job at the local vet clinic, she assumed as kennel help, but soon discovered she would be doing everything from answering phones to assisting with surgery, as with the school, the place wasn’t big enough to employ someone who wasn’t a jack-of-all-trades.  She was rather astonished to see even the old vet himself mopped floors on occasion!
Aunt Phyllis was actually Great Aunt Phyllis to Gwen, but as it made her feel old, it was just plain Aunt to them both.  She was the receptionist at the school and had been able to help secure the coveted title of ‘lunch lady’ for her niece in distressed circumstances and gladly did she provide a home for the otherwise abandoned pair, especially as she felt the years pressing ever harder and more sorely upon her, both physically and emotionally, though mentally she was just as sharp as ever.  She was a widow whose grown daughters lived too far away to see their mother more than once a year and she was delighted with the prospect of company, to say nothing of the relief it would be to actually have someone able to vacuum the upstairs hall on occasion, as she had almost decided to sell the little two story house in despair because she could no longer maintain it with her deteriorating physical capabilities.
They arrived in Podunk a week before school started, their few worldly possessions packed into the back of a thirty year old station wagon that Molly’s father had bought new, and since her husband’s sudden vanishment or desertion six months prior, was the only transportation left to them.  They left the busy and bustling suburb that had been Gwen’s home her entire life, drove for a day or two across endless fields of corn, broken only by an occasional patch of what her mother declared to be soybeans, and at last arrived in the quiet little town that Gwen idly wondered if it weren’t rather more comatose than merely sleepy.  But whatever be the case, it was now home.
And there was Aunt Phyllis to meet them as they pulled into the drive, the long summer evening pleasantly cool as autumn drew nigh.  Hugs were exchanged all around and excited welcomes and best wishes espoused by the delighted aunt, before she ushered the weary travelers, with their perishable treasures, namely a bedraggled philodendron and an even more wretched cat, who protested such a move even more vehemently than his mistress, into the quaint little house.  Gwen happy to see it wasn’t the cookie cutter beige entity of suburban familiarity but a unique domicile with personality and hominess oozing from the lamplit windows, one that had been lived in and loved for generations.  While it was small and had its quirks, it certainly beat the cramped little apartment they had been forced to inhabit after dad…but no more of that, she would not dwell on such wretched thoughts when there was such a delightful and delighted creature as an Aunt Phyllis to attend to, like some genial fairy godmother out of the fairy tales!  Happily did they go in to a late supper and a much needed rest, especially the horrified cat.

Mom settled into her new career like a duck onto a pond; Aunt Phyllis’s house and welcome were such that it felt, after only a week, that her place had always been Home.  By the time school started, everybody had found employment and budding relationships in the community and even a semblance of a schedule as the first rosy buds of their new life seemed like to burst into a promising and radiant Spring, hardly believable after the harsh and turbulent Winter they had just endured.
Gwen’s musings were cut short as Aunt Phyllis bustled out of her room, radiant in a scarlet paisley shirt, fake pearls, and too much cheap perfume, clutching her giant-economy sized purse and rather massive Bible in her gnarled hands.  She took in her guests, apparently lazing over breakfast when it was time to be out the door and on their way, said she in astonishment, “aren’t you ladies coming to church this morning?”
The younger women exchanged a startled look, they had completely forgotten about such a thing in all the recent upheaval.  Gwen was about to protest that perhaps they should be allowed a Sunday off, but remembered all her Aunt’s great kindness and would never dare insult her apparently strong feelings on the subject.  With a smile of mutual understanding, both the chastened ladies hastened upstairs to prepare for the morning’s adventure.  Ten minutes later they had all piled into the ancient lady’s equally venerable sedan and were off as swiftly as such chauffeurs ever drive, Gwen surprised the guy on the rusty bicycle they passed didn’t easily catch up!
“It’s adorable!” smiled the girl in approbation, as she got out of the car and made a study of the small, century old building, blinking in surprise as her Aunt failed to lock the vehicle but led the way proudly into the foyer.  They were introduced to the Pastor and his wife, a squat round couple in their middle years, he with glasses and vague but kind eyes, his wife a dumpy little figure with a sad, but welcoming, smile.  They were seated in the ‘family pew’ as Aunt Phyllis dubbed it, a cushioned but solid wood bench located somewhere in the back third of the church.  Gwen vaguely noticed the young man of rusty bicycle fame come in shortly after their party, taking a quiet seat in a far corner, but most of her attention was held by the building itself, a far cry from the churches she was used to attending, and the attendant thoughts this realization inspired.
The sparse crowd, filling less than half the spacious sanctuary, finished meandering in, a few last minute gabbers abashedly rushing to their seats as the piano began to play, the pastor’s wife at the keys.  In a sleepy but firm tone, the pastor welcomed them all, made a few announcements that meant nothing to the wondering Gwen, and then after reading a Psalm or two, he invited everyone to stand and join in the singing of a few obscure hymns, which he led in a shaky but confident voice as his wife accompanied on the piano.  They were seated, more Scripture was read and then he spoke for about half an hour.  There was another hymn and a closing prayer and then everyone met out in the foyer for coffee and conversation, Aunt Phyllis delighting to introduce her guests to all and sundry.
The overwrought Gwen drifted away from her mother and Aunt, both caught up in conversation with some old friend of the family, finding a quiet corner of the room to collect her thoughts.  Could this really be church?  These fifty disparate people with their ancient music and quavering voices and dull little sermon?  They didn’t even have a decent coffee bar!  Just straight black coffee with sugar and creamer packets and those ridiculous little straws!  Where was the professional concert style worship and the motivational, energetic speaker and the thousands of people that made you feel like you were really a part of something amazing?
“So what did you think?” came a voice rife with suppressed amusement.  She jerked in her seat and blushed furiously to see him of the bike standing there grinning at her, flushing all the more to realize he was rather cute besides, but somehow she managed to stammer out a vague and appropriate comment, only deepening that knowing smile.  He continued, “probably not what you’re used to though?”
“No,” smiled she ruefully, “but what else is new?”
“My name’s Tristan,” said he, holding out his hand.
She took it, cautiously at first, but his open, kind smile disarmed her awkwardness and she said, thrusting her hand boldly into his, “Gwen.”
Asked he teasingly, “is that short for Guinevere by any chance?”
Her blush returned as she studied her feet, but then she glared impishly at him and laughed, “yes, but you are one to talk, as if your name isn’t straight out of the Arthurian legends too!”
“Of course,” smiled he, “we legends must stick together!  I suppose your mother is as much a hopeless romantic as mine was?”
“She is at that,” smiled the girl, “and I’m afraid I’m not much better.”
“Me too,” agreed he.  
But he said no more as said mother and Aunt Phyllis meandered over, the former with wide, curious eyes and a strange, knowing smirk and the latter all matronly pride and exuberance, said the Aunt delightedly to them all, “I see you’ve met Tristan!”
They exchanged greetings all around, exchanged a few pleasant nothings, and then it was time to go home, as the congregation drifted apart to their separate vehicles, Aunt Phyllis commenting to nobody in particular all the way home on the prospects of her roast being overdone or not, leaving mother and daughter to each mull silently over their own private thoughts upon the day and everyone they had met.

The next morning found Gwen donning a pair of scrubs, scrounged from the local thrift store, that fit pretty well and weren’t too garish, nothing like Aunt Phyllis’s church blouse!  She set off afoot for the local vet clinic, as it was only a few blocks from the house, on the edge of town.  It was her first day of work and she was rather nervous, for while she aspired to one day venture into that intriguing profession, in truth she knew little to nothing about it, save what owning a cat had taught her.  And worse, Doctor Bob worked on everything from guinea pigs to draft horses, creatures far more exotic to her sensibilities than the elephants and lions she saw fairly regularly, at least as a child, at the municipal zoo!  But it was a lovely September morning and she was young and bright as the burgeoning day, as she set forth on this most intimidating of ventures.
As she walked along, there was Tristan beside her on his old rusty bike, grinning as blithely as the rising sun behind him.  “Off to work?” queried he.
“How’d you know?” said she in surprise.
“Small town,” grinned he, “and you thought social media was bad for gossip!”
She smiled wryly and replied, “just another thing I’ll have to get used to around here.  What is it you do for a living?”
He studied her with his keen, thoughtful eyes for a moment, before saying, “this and that, a little bit of everything.”
“Ah,” said she vaguely, but adding with a smile, “but I suppose it keeps you out of trouble?”
“We can only hope,” laughed he, riding off as he turned the corner, leaving her standing outside the vet clinic, a rather rundown but jauntily painted facility seemingly made entirely of aluminum.  She took a deep breath and ventured inside, wondering if cows ever ate people, as dragons were purported to do and why her knight had ridden off so suddenly, leaving her to their fell appetite?  She laughed at herself as Dr. Bob himself gave her the grand tour and introduced her to the one other employee of the little enterprise, the conversation swiftly forgotten as she immersed herself in her new duties.
“Happy Birthday!” shouted mom and Aunt Phyllis as Gwen came home that afternoon, she smiled brightly at them both, only a few tears in her eyes at the thought that her father wasn’t around to celebrate this time…but no more of that, she had a party to enjoy!  Here she was, nineteen, and living in the middle of nowhere with no set plans for the future and no friends or academic career or anything she had assumed would be part of her life just a year gone.  But there was Aunt Phyllis and mom and a homemade cake with those silly striped candles that were impossible to blow out, whatever her so-called expectations, life was still wonderful!  She smiled brightly and joined in the fun.

Tristan finished his errands for the morning and parked his bike outside the rundown little house he had once shared with his mother and sister, smiling wistfully at the memory, but whistling tunelessly, he went inside to find Raven sitting in the battered old recliner, glancing idly through a five year old magazine, new the day of the accident, but which the boy had never bothered to get rid of.  In fact nothing much had changed about the house in the intervening years, not out of nostalgia but just because it really wasn’t a priority any more.
“What are we up to today?” grinned the boy eagerly at his longtime friend and mentor.
“You’re coming along well with your training, lad,” said the man proudly, laying aside the periodical, “but that isn’t what I’m here to discuss.”  At the man’s solemn but strangely eager tone, the boy sat abruptly, his eyes focused intently on the older man, who smiled in grim anticipation, “are you ready to put your skills into action?”
“Already?!” exclaimed the boy in surprise but not disappointment or fear.
“Soon, lad, very soon,” replied Raven.
“What’s going on?” persisted the curiously eager boy.
Smiled the man knowingly, “there are some newcomers in town?”
“Yes,” said Tristan faintly, “what have they to do with any of this?  They can’t possibly be…?!”
“No,” laughed the man at the boy’s sudden anxiety, “but someone from their past certainly is and he won’t be long in following.”
“What interest could any of that sort, no matter their previous relationship, have in the newcomers?” queried the boy, perplexed.
“That I know not, lad,” said Raven grimly, “but we’ll have to figure it out and see what we can do about it.”  Added he with a smile, “now about this girl...”

That night after Aunt Phyllis had gone to bed, mother and daughter sat at the table, sipping at their boring black coffee but so caught up in their conversation that neither noticed the dearth of a more interesting brew.  “Now about that Tristan boy?” broached Molly with a curious smile.
“What’s that smirk for?” blushed Gwen, “He’s just a guy who happened to say hello at church.”
“Then what are you blushing for?” laughed her mother.
“I don’t know,” shrugged Gwen, exhaling uneasily in a long awkward sigh, “he seems nice enough and it’s not like we’ve done anything but exchange greetings a time or two,” adding with a wan, hopeful smile, “but he’s the closest thing to a friend my own age that I’ve yet encountered here.  Do you know anything about him?”
“Well,” said mom, settling back in her chair and clutching her cup with both hands, “I had a word with Aunt Phyllis this afternoon while you were still at work…”
She was interrupted as Gwen protested, “mom!”
Her mother laughed lightly and said, “don’t worry, that dear old lady won’t be spreading word of your impending engagement all over town quite yet!  I was discrete, asking after a dozen other people we’ve met recently too.”
“So what’ve you learned?” asked Gwen eagerly, leaning forward, elbows on her knees, a keen sparkle in her eyes.
“His father died when he was little, cancer I think, and his mother and younger sister were killed in a car accident about five years ago, when he was only seventeen,” replied Molly sadly, “he’s been on his own ever since, except for an old family friend, Phyllis says the man drives truck occasionally and is out of town as often as not.  Tristan’s a gregarious young man and you see him everywhere in town, she’s not sure how he makes ends meet but he seems to get by.”
“And I thought my life had been rough!” sighed Gwen in surprise, “That poor kid!  Can we invite him over for supper some time?”
Her mother could not help but smile, “now who is alerting your great-hearted Great Aunt to your brewing romance?”  The pair laughed long and hard, and after sharing a few more heartfelt words, it was time for bed.

“Hey Doc!” called Gwen to the passing vet as she hung up the phone, he stopped and looked at her expectantly, “Someone wants you to wash a cow.”
He looked at her blankly for a moment as she told him who had called and reviewed their brief conversation, whereupon he laughed heartily at her and said, “you really are a city girl Gwen!  Cleaning a cow has nothing to do with bathing the beast.”  As he explained the operation she couldn’t help but laugh at herself and looking a little disgusted at the very idea, smiling he went into the back to grab his things while she turned to address the customer who had just come in.  Blushing fiercely, she realized it was Tristan!
“Hi,” said he, as she envied his calmness.
“Hi,” replied she, a little more awkwardly than absolutely necessary, adding curiously, “what on earth are you doing here?”
The boy shrugged but smiled the more, “do I need a reason to pop in and say hello?”
“I suppose not,” agreed she, adding archly, “goodbye!”
He started but then laughed at his own surprise, “I suppose I came in to do a little more than say hi and bye,” smiled he.
“I have a scheme of my own,” retorted she, “but you may go first as the customer is always right, such as he is!”
“Well,” began he, “I don’t know, I always thought it was ladies first and you have already said goodbye so maybe I should be off?”
“Don’t you dare!” squawked she, half rising from her chair, as they both shared a laugh at her reaction.  Scowling in feigned ire, she retorted, “fine!  Be that way if you don’t want to have supper with Aunt Phyllis, but her cherry pie is renowned throughout the county.”
“I couldn’t say no to that,” grinned he, like a little boy that had already eaten half of said pie but was hungry for more, “I’d be happy to join you, and in exchange, why don’t you join me afterwards for some ninja lessons?”
“Ninja lessons?” queried she, as if it was as novel a subject as cleaning a cow.
“Well, taekwondo if you want to be specific,” smiled he, “but with your romantic streak I thought ninja lessons sounded way more cool.”
“Ninja lessons it is then,” nodded she, but adding a little uneasily, “at least if the cost isn’t too egregious, we don’t exactly have money to spare.”
“No problem,” nodded he, “neither do I!”
“Okay,” smiled she, “we’ll call it a date,” added she with a fierce blush at her blunder, “well not a date, but a…” she trailed off in dismay.
“An appointment,” nodded he, as emotionlessly as a teller at the bank giving her change for a twenty.
She smiled gratefully at him for his discretion, but added with an awkward laugh, “but who’s going to tell Aunt Phyllis it is no such thing as she’s certain it is?”
He smiled all the more, “that she’ll just have to find out for herself I’m afraid!”  He winked at her and dashed out the door, leaving Gwen to answer the ringing phone, grateful for the distraction.


2

Tristan was exactly on time for the evening meal and didn’t even bring flowers, at least not for Gwen, though he had a bright little bundle for Aunt Phyllis, whose eyes glittered with unshed tears, not having had flowers in the house since her husband’s funeral ten years prior.  She ushered him into the tidy little dining room where he greeted both ladies cordially, both of the elder women watching the youngest for any discernable signs of extreme sentimentality or overt fondness, but seeing nothing to alarm, at least they could settle down to an excellent meal, especially as the pair proposed an excursion of their own later that evening.
“Have a good time,” said Molly, waving on the kitchen step while Aunt Phyllis watched suspiciously over her shoulder.
After the door was closed and the ladies sat down to coffee, the table still cluttered with the remains of a splendid cherry pie, Aunt Phyllis said uneasily, “karate lessons?!  Whatever happened to taking a girl to the movies or even a nice walk in the park?”
The smiling niece shrugged, saying contentedly, “I’m sure each generation scandalizes all those preceding it with its novel schemes.  We old fogies forget how our own parents and grandparents were no doubt shocked in their turn, world without end!”
“I suppose you must be right,” sighed dear Aunt Phyllis grimly, “but it still makes one wonder what the world is coming to!”
“People have always wondered that, I’m afraid,” smiled that ridiculous niece all the more.

“Have you ever done anything like this?” asked Tristan as they walked side by side towards the community rec center.
Gwen shrugged, “I took six weeks of karate lessons at the Y when I was ten.  How long have you been interested in the martial arts?”
Tristan seemed to be gazing at something only he could see, far off either in space or time, said he dreamily, “I suppose since I was about the same age.  Raven, an old friend of the family and really my only family since the accident, thought it would be good for me, especially after my dad died.  He’s pretty much been a father to me ever since.”  He laughed as if at a joke she couldn’t share, “I used to hope he and mom would make a match of it, they never did, and now I know…”  He trailed off awkwardly, as if he had said too much.
But Gwen only smiled at him and changed the subject, though certain the curiosity would kill her, rather she said gently, “it must be really lonely for you?  My father just up and left six months ago, leaving us pretty much broke.  I managed to finish high school but now we have to live with Aunt Phyllis, but it’s better than some squalid little apartment in the city somewhere; I don’t know what would have come of us if not for that dear old lady!”
Mused the boy, “strangely I’ve never been lonely, even when Raven’s not around and I’m pretty much alone.”  He grinned at her, “but it’s still nice to make a new friend!”
“Quite,” laughed Gwen, “it isn’t easy being the only stranger in town, and possibly the only one my age!”
“It’s hard to be a twenty-something way out here,” agreed he, “most of the kids head off to college or the city after they graduate and are never seen again.  There are younger kids and older folks but there aren’t many young adults.”  Grinning impishly he asked, “so is your aunt circulating rumors about our upcoming nuptials yet?”
“Probably,” laughed Gwen easily, showing she was in nowise infatuated with him yet, “but I hope you aren’t getting any ideas of the sort?”
“Certainly not,” assured he most solemnly, “when I said friends, I meant it.  You won’t have to worry about ulterior motives on my end!”
“Oh,” said she, a little disappointed but happy to discover such openness and integrity in her new friend.
He shook his head, “you’re as bad as your scheming aunt it seems!”
“Certainly not!” said she, with a proud shake of her head, “That’s just my native romanticism mourning the fact that you are the only eligible guy in town!”
“That’s as it should be then,” smiled he, but the conversation ceased as they were now outside the rec center and there were other people straggling in.
“How often do they have classes?” asked Gwen, as she took off her street shoes.
“Almost every night of the week,” replied Tristan, doing likewise, “but it isn’t always taekwondo, sometimes it is another martial art or even a weapons class.”
“Weapons class?” asked she, her eyebrows nearly buried in her hairline, “Like throwing stars and num-chuks?”
“No,” laughed he, removing his other shoe, “fencing and that sort of thing.”
“Ah,” smiled she, “as long as I don’t have to break a block of concrete with my face or something?”
“That’s only for the advanced students, I’m afraid,” said a grizzled man in his middle years, a keen intelligence and vast mirth sparkling in his eyes, “I’m Raven, and you must be Gwen?”
She shook his hand and nodded, but shot a feigned scowl over her shoulder at the mischievously grinning Tristan.  Quipping as she went to take her place with the other students, “perhaps he can demonstrate just that?”
Raven barked a laugh, saying as he too found his accustomed spot, “not a bad idea, milady!”  Tristan could only sigh and roll his eyes in seeming exasperation, getting into line himself.  After a brief welcome and introduction for the new students, they broke into two groups, Raven taking the experienced class and a red-haired lady in her mid-thirties working with the beginners.
After setting the more experienced beginners to work on some previously learned forms, she took Gwen aside to work on the very basics.  Forty five minutes later, sweating but exhilarated, Gwen joined the entire class for some group exercises and lessons.  When the class finally broke up, Tristan trotted eagerly up to ask how she liked it.
“It was a lot of fun!” smiled she, “Maybe in a hundred years I’ll be a real ninja?  Though I was disappointed not to see your demonstration.”
“Maybe tomorrow,” laughed Raven, joining himself to their party, the other students already out the door and lost in the night.
“I’ll certainly watch my manners if that’s what I have to look forward to else,” smiled the boy fondly at his mentor, but adding cheekily, “any chance you’ll take us out for ice cream after our most excellent work tonight?”
“I suppose someone had better supervise you two,” mused he grimly, locking the door behind the laggardly students.
They walked companionably off to the local ice cream shop, acquired their hard won desserts, and commandeered a table, as Gwen asked eagerly of their host, “so you’ve known this poor boy most of his life?”
“Rather it should be me you are pitying,” corrected the man, sharing a scandalous smile with Tristan.
“Quite,” agreed Gwen, joining them in a hearty laugh, their mirth seemingly attracting more friends like moths to a street lamp, as Megan, the other instructor ambled over, cone in hand.
“Desperate for company?” smiled she at Gwen.
“I’m new in town,” agreed the girl happily, “and am either desperate or haven’t yet the sense to know who I should or shouldn’t hang around with.  Aunt Phyllis was rather scandalized that I was even coming tonight, let alone going out for ice cream thereafter!”
“I’ll see that they get up to no mischief,” laughed Megan, seating herself beside Gwen, “now what are you miscreants up to?” asked she, eyeing the gentlemen significantly with her laughing gaze.
“Ice cream,” grinned Tristan jovially.
“Mooching is more like it,” smiled Raven.
“Sounds about right,” sighed Megan in a long suffering sort of way, but asking genially of Gwen, “so what did you think about tonight?”
“It was a lot of fun,” smiled she, taking a big bite of fudgy-goodness, and swallowing before continuing, “and do you really let Tristan play with sharp, pointy objects?”
“Even spoons can be dangerous,” said Raven gravely, ruining the effect with a laugh, “but yes, and if you are interested, I’m sure you’ll be no less a threat to yourself than he was when he first started.”
“As it seems he is still possessed of all his limbs,” mused Gwen archly, “perhaps I too can survive a lesson or two.  It sounds like fun!”  Her eyes narrowed pensively, as she asked half embarrassed, half hopeful, “have you ever gone to a Renaissance Festival or a tournament or something and demonstrated your marvelous skills?”
Tristan smiled eagerly, eyeing his mentor hopefully, “that would certainly be fun, Raven!”
Raven shook his head, “I’m sure it would be lad, but that’s not the reason we’ve worked so hard on our skills nor is it to simply show off to others.”
“What is the reason?” inquired Megan, “If not to have fun?”
Tristan was silently thoughtful at Raven’s words, as the older man replied to Megan, “if you want to organize something for the other students, you certainly may, but I’m afraid we won’t be able to participate.”  Gwen frowned at this, feeling herself included in that particular we, was it only because she was such a beginner that she wouldn’t have time between now and then to learn enough to have aught to exhibit or was it something else?  Raven caught her thoughtful look and smiled, “I’m sure it would be great fun, milady, but would your Aunt approve?”
“Probably not,” smiled Gwen in spite of herself, finding it strangely gratifying to be called such a colloquial term as milady, drat her romantic streak!, “not that I have any skills as yet to exhibit!”
“Quite,” agreed Raven, with a nod, before the subject changed to rather benign and uninteresting topics, at least to those with no part in the conversation.  Afterwards, Megan offered to walk Gwen home, as she lived just down the street, while Tristan and Raven went home together after the parting formalities, such as they were.
“How are you liking Podunk?” asked Megan cheerily as they walked off.
“Far better than I initially thought possible,” said Gwen in wonder.
“It certainly isn’t as busy or lively as the urban areas you are used to,” grinned the older girl proudly, “but that’s not a bad thing, not in the least, or so it seems to me.”
“No,” agreed Gwen, saying with a laugh, “I nearly had a heart attack when Aunt Phyllis didn’t bother locking her car the other day and when she gave me an odd look when I asked about keys to the house!”
“Things are a bit different around here in that respect,” agreed Megan, “how are you finding the people?”
“Far more sociable and neighborly than my former acquaintance,” said Gwen happily, “everyone is so friendly and helpful.  When my father left, nobody really cared, they all said the right things but when we were in desperate straits nobody was there for us except Aunt Phyllis.”
“What did you think of the church service yesterday?” asked Megan, trying desperately to keep a neutral mien lest she betray her own feelings on the matter.
“At first I thought it just a poky little country church and was rather horrified,” admitted Gwen reluctantly, “I’m used to a concert and motivational speaker every Sunday, to say nothing of an actual coffee bar, but there was something there that was lacking in my previous experience, call it spirit or heart or fellowship or comradery or what you will, but it didn’t feel like hundreds of strangers just packed together for a little entertainment, I felt like I really mattered, stranger though I be, and that everybody cared for everybody else, even if the coffee was plain old black or the music a few thousand years out of date.”
Megan smiled like one of the stars gleaming above, a phenomenon Gwen was still nightly astonished by, having seen them only on an occasional family camping trip or a rare visit to see some distant and rural relation as a child.  Said she, “we certainly aren’t hip or trendy, or even professional and suave around here, be it church or our community, but we are real and I think that’s what makes all the difference.”
“It does,” mused Gwen, more to herself than to her companion, “my whole life up until now has just been an act.  Pretending to be the girl I thought my father wanted me to be, the person my friends thought I should be, the façade I built for myself online.  Who am I really?”  She smiled hopefully and laughed ruefully, “I guess this is my big chance to find out.”  Megan shared her hopeful smile, left her at the door, and waved goodnight as she walked home.
Both Aunt Phyllis and her mother were sitting at the table waiting for her, neither knowing how many cups of coffee later, but both were rather surprised to find her coming home with a slightly older woman rather than the young man she had left in company with.  Gasped that dear old lady in wonder, “there really isn’t anything romantical going on, is there?”
“No,” laughed Gwen, hugging her Aunt happily, “we’re just friends and like to be for the foreseeable future.”
“Did you have fun?” asked her grinning mother, though whether at her Aunt or her daughter, probably both, none knew.
“Certainly,” smiled Gwen, “and they’ve promised to let me play with swords and stuff too, if I’m interested.”
“I suppose,” said her mother, cautiously eyeing Aunt Phyllis, wondering what her take on the matter would be, but she surprised them both by saying delightedly, “I wonder if I’m too old to learn too?”
Gwen laughed aloud, “I’m sure they’d be more than happy to help you, you wonderful, dear aunt you!  I knew you must have a romantic streak in you somewhere.”
“Quite,” agreed Phyllis primly, “why else do you think I agreed to take in my favorite nieces in their distress if their hearts weren’t akin to mine?  There are only certain types of people one is willing to share their home with at my age, my dear, and happily you and your mother are exactly of that sort, though just between us, I’d rather sell it than be forced into irksome company continually in my own home!”
“I’m to start my fencing lessons tomorrow night,” replied Gwen, “and it will be nice not to be the only new student.”  They shared a round of happy smiles before hastening off to bed, but none of them got to sleep too easily that night in pondering the phenomenon of a Great Aunt taking sword lessons and who would be the most surprised: the instructor, the nieces, or the lady herself!

“How were your ninja lessons?” smiled Dr. Bob the next morning as Gwen came into work.
“A lot of fun,” said she, putting her things away and turning to face her boss, “how about your cow wash?”
“Smelly,” said he with a grimace, “but not the worst thing I’ve done, even this week!  What do you think of that Tristan boy?”
“Why are you asking?” asked she, sensing something serious beneath his teasing tone.
“He’s been hurt, a lot, but he’s a good kid and I don’t want to see him hurt even worse,” replied the concerned vet.
Her easy smile put him immediately at ease, “don’t worry, I’ll be the last one to toy with anyone’s heart, most particularly his.  He’s sweet but told me bluntly that anything more than friendship is out of the question, and strangely I agree with him.”  Added she with a laugh, her first attempt at small town gossip, “and did you know Aunt Phyllis wants to take fencing lessons?”
“Now that is news!” agreed he in wonder, adding with his own knowing smile, “How is she taking your romantic disappoint?”
“That’s probably why she’s taking sword lessons!” said Gwen in amusement, “To console her broken heart because mine isn’t.”
“It makes as much sense as anything,” replied he with a wry smile, glancing at the appointment book, he added grimly, “more so than this limping dog appointment for Mrs. Bradley, I can’t help the poor thing if she won’t put him on a diet and this will be the third time in as many weeks that I’ll have to tell her the same thing!”
“Maybe she and her dog should join Aunt Phyllis and I?” proposed the girl.
“That might not be a bad idea,” grinned he, “a little exercise would do them both a world of good!”

Aunt Phyllis was true to her word, Megan not a little surprised but vastly pleased when she stopped by that evening to pick up Gwen, only to find herself the third occupant of the old beige Buick for the short commute to the rec center.  “And to think we don’t even have to pay or fight for a parking spot!” quipped Gwen as she leapt from the vehicle.
“Thanks for the lift,” smiled Megan as they ventured inside, “I look forward to seeing you both in action!”
“Me too!” said Aunt Phyllis in wonder, as if not quite sure what she had embarked upon but eager to find out.  They all shared a laugh and joined the other students for the night’s adventure.  “Well that was fun!” remarked that venerable lady thereafter as she joined the previous evening’s company at the ice cream shop at what was becoming either a bad habit or a fun tradition.
Raven grinned broadly, “indeed, milady, I am not sure who enjoyed it more: we instructors or the students!”
She smiled at his anachronism but didn’t protest thereat, not that most romantical females would, “maybe this is just the thing to help with my arthritis, my doctor has been telling me for years I need to be more active.”  She laughed brightly, “I wonder what he’ll think of that!”  They all shared a laugh, especially after Gwen shared her conversation with Dr. Bob from that morning.
Raven shook his head grimly, “I’m not sure I’m up for teaching a dog the basics of swordplay, but I would certainly be delighted were Mrs. Bradley to try!”
“I thought Tai Chi was the martial art of choice for the elderly set?” frowned Megan curiously.
“I’m not quite that slow yet,” laughed that great-hearted Phyllis, “and maybe with these sword lessons it will be even longer in coming.”
Once the ladies were safely on their way home, Raven and Tristan made their own way thither, speaking quietly as they went, said the elder, “well lad?”
“Well what?” laughed the boy, “I never thought I’d see Aunt Phyllis there on sword night!”
“I was more interested in your take on her great niece,” replied Raven dryly.
“She’s a great little sport,” said Tristan happily, “is there anything specific you’d like to know?”
The older man smiled at this, saying, “you’ve even managed to convince her Aunt Phyllis that you two aren’t a thing, well done!”
The boy smiled ruefully and shrugged awkwardly, saying, “not that I really had anything to do with it one way or another.”
“Of course not,” grinned the man, but he said no more, save to grunt in pain and collapse in a bloody heap, but even as his friend fell, Tristan somehow had a sword in his hands and had set himself instinctively in a defensive stance, eyeing the villains keenly, little more than vague shadows half the height of a man, their ember-like eyes glowing in the darkness.
“What do you want?” growled he, the things merely laughed at him before withdrawing into the night, leaving the boy alone with the prone Raven.  The sword vanished as suddenly as it had come as he crouched beside his unmoving friend.  In theory he knew there was nothing to worry about but in practice he had never had experience therewith.  He tentatively reached towards Raven’s shoulder and flinched back in surprise and wonder as a brilliant light flashed between them.
Raven groaned again, but this time he sat up and glanced around, sharing a rueful smile with the boy as he gained his feet, asking curiously, “what was it?”
“Bogeys,” said the boy, glancing about and squinting into the darkness, as if he thought they might be hiding just beyond sight.
“Scouts?” frowned Raven, before both exchanged a grim glance and cried, “a distraction!”

The ladies got into Aunt Phyllis’s car for the short ride home, but they had gone no further than a couple blocks before the engine just died, no sputtering or weird noises, just eerie silence, but they were too caught up in what was happening outside the vehicle to notice.  Just as the sedan rolled sedately to a stop, a great black limo pulled up immediately alongside.  A suave but oily looking fellow in a sleek suit climbed out, pulling down his sunglasses, at night!, and glanced in the windows of the stalled car.
Gwen gasped aloud, “dad?!”
Megan hastily rolled down the window in which he was peering, and he said without preamble, “come along Guinevere, your little friends may toddle off home, but we must talk.”
“I wouldn’t go with him,” growled Aunt Phyllis, “not after what he’s put you through, dear!”
“Oh she’ll be coming, Auntie-kins,” smiled he darkly, proffering his gun for all to see, eliciting a mutual gasp, “come along sweetie, we don’t want to importune your friends any longer.”
He raised the weapon and aimed it at Phyllis, Gwen could only shudder and cry, “leave them alone, I’m coming, I’m coming!”
“That’s a good girl,” smiled he in a very uncomfortable manner, “now don’t bother calling the police or trying to follow us, it will only get you all killed!”  At their terrified nods he smiled all the more, a cold, cruel, horrifying expression.  He motioned with his weapon and Gwen exited the vehicle, trying to give her friends a brave smile but managing only to look terrified and sheepish.  She got into the back of the limo with her father and the vehicle drove away, leaving the survivors to exchange a horrified look, before the sedan roared back to life as if it had never died, allowing them to drive home, but what now?

“Now my dear,” began her father eagerly once they were speeding along through the darkened countryside upon what seemed an abandoned road, “I have an offer to make you!”
“I don’t want anything to do with your or whomever you have allied yourself with!” snapped she, trying to sit as deep in the far corner of the vehicle as she could.
He merely laughed at her, “come child, where is that romantic streak we both found so amusing?  I am not offering you something ridiculous like your life or money, but rather the chance to be part of a whole new set of legends, to be the very reason a new age of humanity dawns bright and clear!”  The girl shuddered in disgust but said nothing, though her scowling gaze was keen upon him in reluctant curiosity, eliciting an ironic laugh from her father, for indeed he knew her well.
Continued he eagerly, “what does the phrase, ‘in those days there were giants in the earth,’ mean to you?”
“A thousand strange novels, each with worse theology than the last,” sighed she.
“Indeed!” laughed he, “I had quite overlooked that aspect of the idea, but it only proves the interest humanity has taken in the subject since time immemorial.”
“You mean overlooking the most important things for a little scrap of antediluvian history that is impossible for us to understand,” said she in dismay.
“But do you not understand that it is where your ridiculous god got the idea in the first place?” laughed he at her astonishment and fury, “It was from the demonic forces in the Ancient World combining their power with mortal men that gave your silly little deity the very notion to send his own so-called salvation to men via a similar means.  ‘The virgin shall conceive and bear a son!  Immanuel, God with Us!’  Hah!  The gods were with us millennia before the so-called Christ showed up, but the scandal was washed away in the Flood along with the Ancient World, quite a convenient means to cover up something your god wasn’t strong enough to prevent in the first place!  But why not try it again?  Why not allow the gods to walk again among men?”
“What are you proposing?!” cried she, horrified to her very soul.
“To allow the gods to walk again amongst us, clad in flesh and bone as we are!” cried he in triumph, “As your so-called Christ once claimed to do!  You can be the mother of the true gods!”
“No!” cried she, clawing at the door and window in panic, trying to escape.
“You will,” snarled he, “else your dear little friends will suffer and die one by one until you agree!  Think of your mother, your poor old aunt!”
“No!” shouted he, “Never!”  He only laughed coldly at her as she sought desperately for some means of escape, as the limo drove relentlessly on.

Two motorcyclists zipped along the little country road in pursuit of the limousine at a speed far worse than reckless, but miraculously avoiding accident, one flanking either side of the speeding vehicle, one rider jumped atop the car while the other kept pace alongside.  With a little effort, the man atop the car managed to break the sunroof over the passenger compartment and jumped inside.  Gwen gaped in wonder for a moment but lost no time in allowing the invader to help her up and out of the still speeding vehicle, whoever he was or whatever he intended, it must be better than what her father proposed, even be it death!  He helped her up and was about to climb up after her, but her father hissed in ire, and grabbing his shoulder, pulled the fellow back inside the limo.
Gwen clung desperately to the roof of the insanely swift vehicle, shaking in terror and unable to move forward or back, her rescuer no longer behind her to urge her on, but there was Tristan on a motorcycle, no rusty bike this!, urging her to jump, actually jump from one roaring vehicle to the other.  The shock and irony of this surmise actually overcame her terror and allowed her to act, flinging herself into the air and wondering for a moment if she was going to make it, but with a squeal of joy, he caught her and sped off to safety, leaving Raven to deal with the villain.
Raven gave up his pursuit of the girl and turned to face the villain instead, his complete lack of fear not surprising the fiend in the least, for anyone mad enough to try such a stunt must be no common man.  “What are you about?” snapped the villain, “Why all this madness to rescue the wretched girl?”
“I could ask the same of you,” said Raven calmly.
“And I’ll be just as forthcoming!” growled the cad, taking the impromptu visitor by his collar and climbing out on the roof of the car himself, as if it was a usual means of exiting the vehicle, dragging Raven with him.  “Do you think you can save her?” snarled he, as he watched the pair vanish swiftly with distance in the opposite direction of the speeding car, “This is just a minor delay, nothing you can do will save her!”
Raven’s face was grim, knowing the fiend spoke only too truly, until a terrible thought entered his mind but he knew it was her only chance, and at his sudden, shocked, and triumphant smile, the villain demanded, “what are you smiling at, fool?!”  But that awful smile only deepened, mysterious and inscrutable, in a rage at such an answer, the man flung Raven to the pavement, where the body bounced and rolled several times and then lay blessedly still.  The man sneered in triumph himself before crawling back inside and ordering his driver to turn around.

Tristan sped off with Gwen, his face alight with triumphant delight when a pensive frown drove it full away, it could not be, but it was.  He glanced desperately at the wide-eyed and blinking Gwen, silent in shock, horror, and wonder, then glanced back at the limo, which he saw now in pursuit, and he knew what he must do.  Laying in his heels, he urged the wondrous horse to his greatest speed and turned his noble head towards the nearest power pole.  He heard Gwen scream and then all was pain and darkness.
The body of the motorcycle burned brightly in the otherwise dark night, the crushed and mangled forms of the two fugitives lay nearby, the villain shook his head grimly, smiling in cruel delight, thinking he had driven the fools to suicide to escape his grasp, but they were fools indeed to think this little accident would do aught but delay his brilliant schemes for more than a day or two.  If not this girl, there were plenty of others in the wide world, some who would be downright grateful for such an opportunity.  He got back in his car and sped off, his mind busy with his burgeoning plans.

Raven’s fiery horse stood idly by, unseen as the villainous man in the great car surveyed the carnage before retreating into the night.  Once he was alone in the darkness, the stallion trotted up to what had appeared to be a burning bit of wreckage to the villain but was actually the remains of another fabulous equine.  He nosed the mangled form and as a brilliant light passed between them, the second creature whickered eagerly and lunged to his feet.  The pair exchanged eager whinnies of greeting before trotting off to their respective masters, nosing gently at the prone forms with their velvet muzzles and rousing them from the sleep of death.
Tristan was on his feet in a moment, barely pausing to pat the creature’s shoulder in thanks, well pleased with himself as he was, dashing to Gwen’s side.  Raven found him kneeling beside the crushed and broken form a few minutes later, and put a firm hand on the boy’s shoulder, saying quietly, but hope strong beneath like imminent dawn, “you did what you had to lad, she’d have had no peace or escape else.”
The boy looked desperately up into the face of his mysteriously smiling mentor, tears in his eyes, “what do you know that I do not?”
Raven laughed outright, “come lad, she’s in no worse shape than you were after your first crash!”
“Truly?!” said the boy in wonder, but asking soberly, “Now what?”
“I suppose we had best get her home before her mother and aunt have time to worry themselves sick,” replied he, adding grimly, “and hopefully she can tell us who this fellow is and what he is up to!”
Tristan easily scooped up the shattered corpse of his friend, called his prancing horse over, and was soon aback the wondrous beast, the body draped before him as they rode off, Raven riding alongside, chatting as they went.  A few minutes later, Gwen groaned and tried to sit up, and with a few awkward maneuvers, she managed the feat, now sitting before Tristan in the saddle of a fantastic horse rather than behind him on a motorcycle.  She glanced from one gleefully grinning man to the other, saying in wonder, “please tell me this has been a dream or at least a nightmare?”
“Sorry, lass,” said Raven with a grim shake of his head, “this adventure is far more real than anything you’ve ever lived through up until this point!  We’ll explain everything, but first, who was that man and what did he want?”
She burst suddenly into tears, momentarily overwrought by everything, but finally she gained control of her emotions and told the strange tale as best she could remember it, the growing astonishment on each face making her both uneasy and strangely happy at having even slightly confounded these perplexing men even in her own ignorance.
Tristan eyed Raven keenly and asked, “can it truly be?!”
“I don’t know,” replied he in wonder, “mortal men know little of such matters for a reason, but nothing is too strange or vile for the Enemy and his minions to dabble in, but it was for just such rampant and unthinkable wickedness that the Ancient World was destroyed.” 
 “What have I been caught up in?” demanded she, wanting answers to something tangible if all they had was supposition when it came to the greater enigmas of the night.  She frowned particularly at Tristan, “weren’t you riding a motorcycle?  Where did these horses come from?  And did you intentionally crash us into that pole?  And how is it either of us survived?”  The astonished boy was too overwrought to explain, his eyes begging Raven to do the grim business, at which the man could only laugh and try to explain, but the attempt would be futile considering their current circumstances, at least to the overwrought mind of poor Gwen.  There was only one possible solution and he couldn’t help but grin the more.

3

“It’s a Denny’s,” said Gwen in wonder a moment later, at least to her perception.
“In suburban Denver,” agreed Raven, as blandly as he could muster while Tristan could only smile in mischievous delight like the rascal he was.
“How did you, we?!” gaped she.
Raven shrugged and smiled even more enigmatically, but said quite calmly, “how do you explain everything else on this strange night, lass?”
“Fine,” sighed she in exasperation at his lack of information, but she spitted the boy with a  stare and demanded, “but perhaps your lackey here is not made of such stern stuff?”
“Him?” laughed Raven aloud, “Come lass, I’ll tell you all, but you must be a little patient, leave the lad alone, he’s done splendidly this evening but is almost as clueless as you.”  He paused long enough to give the approaching waitress their order and then resumed, as otherwise they seemed to have the place to themselves.  Continued he, “now what do you think happened and what do you think is going on?”
She shook her head in wonder, “I think I’ve stumbled into some sort of crazy conspiracy!  Do you work for the CIA or something?  Is my father some sort of villainous spy that you’re after?  Or am I just going mad?”
Mused Raven aloud, “not a bad guess, milady, not at all, except none of us work for any government agency or independent spy ring.”
“Who do you work for?” queried she, more mystified than ever; Tristan just sat there and smiled, remembering his own consternation and perplexity and excitement at the first.
“We wrestle not against flesh and blood, lass,” replied Raven gravely, “does that mean aught to you?”
“But against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places,” quoted she, with a shiver of what might be fear or wonder, she added in a barely audible whisper, “my father wasn’t averse to quoting scripture either.”
Raven only smiled as the waitress returned with their milkshakes and coffee, the woman darting off after asking if they needed anything else.  Alone once more, he took a sip of his coffee and gazed upon the trembling girl with his too keen eyes, as he asked, “anyone can quote or misquote anything, lass, but it means nothing if you don’t truly live it.  Even the demons believe, and shudder, but still don’t live like it’s true.  Satan himself quoted the Psalms to the Son of Man during the temptation, the very Word made flesh!  Your father certainly isn’t a man who takes the scriptures at face value, but he’s happy to use them for his own fell schemes.  He can take the Truth and spin it into a thousand terrible lies and do it with such gravity and ardor that ignorant or skeptical folk will eagerly believe him.”  She felt the truth and fervency in his words, which when contrasted with her father’s gloating contempt, was like a cool breeze through a stuffy room.
She smiled brightly at him in relief and took a sip of her milkshake, sharing an eager smile with Tristan as he attacked his own, she turned her curious eyes upon Raven as he began anew, “can you come up with a reasonable explanation for anything you witnessed tonight?”
“Only a bunch of unreasonable ones,” agreed she, her romantic streak asserting itself in a huge and eager smile.
“Only to your hitherto mortal sensibilities,” smiled he just as eagerly, “you need to quit thinking like one bound by time and death, for this very night you have passed forever beyond them.”  Her eyebrows were nearly lost in her hairline as she took a quick sip to cover her shock.  Raven and Tristan both chuckled as the former continued, “yes, the boy ran you both straight into a power pole and he did it on purpose.  Terrible as it may seem, it was the only way to free you from the clutches of your father.”
“I didn’t know ghosts could sit at a restaurant and drink coffee,” smiled she archly.
“And just how do you come to the assumption that any of us are of that persuasion?” smiled he.
“Then what are we?” demanded she, unable to hide her curiosity and impatience any longer.
“Men,” smiled Raven all the more, “just not mortal men.”
“I think I’m getting a headache,” sighed she, whereat Tristan laughed, “it’s probably that milkshake and how fast you’re slurping it down.”  “If only,” smiled she most wanly, looking at Raven with a pleading expression, asking him silently to continue.  He laughed anew but took pity on the poor girl, at least a little bit.

Some hours later, on this seemingly longest night in history, Tristan and his wonderful horse dropped her off a few hundred yards from the strangely stalled Buick; with a grin and a wink he ghosted off into the night, leaving her to do what she must, even the impossible.  The limo was just pulling away when she rushed towards the sedan and jumped back in, much astonishing the two horrified occupants, but their vast, relieved, and wondering smiles were joy itself.  Suddenly the engine came back to life, and with a communal nod of approval, Aunt Phyllis continued the arduous journey home.
Gwen assured them both, especially her astonished mother and the persistent Megan, that there was little further threat from her father, that the matter had been rectified, if not to everyone’s satisfaction at least to a dissatisfied understanding.  Megan insisted both Molly and Phyllis go straight to bed, while she’d take Gwen to her place, just three houses down the quiet street, where they’d discuss it all over coffee.
“Why?” frowned Gwen’s mother pensively, “What can you possibly do about it?”
Megan smiled grimly, momentarily flashing her identification badge to the astonished trio, “I work for the Federal Investigation Agency, I’ve been undercover here for nearly four years; please let me handle this, I’m a professional!”  Added she wryly, “and this is the first break I’ve had in this rather vague and unexciting case!”
“And I thought Aunt Phyllis taking sword lessons was astounding!” laughed Molly, despite herself, “By all means, take the girl and interrogate her as you must, for is it not her civic duty?”
“And great fun besides!” grinned said girl brightly, at which her mother could only shake her head gravely, but ruined the effect with a smile, knowing it was she who had bequeathed the girl her exuberance in the first place.
Of one accord the elder ladies went to bed and the younger walked down the street for a midnight soiree, but just as they entered the house, the phone rang and Megan rushed to answer it, returning a few minutes later, her face pale and worried, but she got the coffee going and urged Gwen to take a chair, though Megan seemed unable to speak until the coffee was ready and steaming in the mugs before them; at last she gathered he wits and said, “that was my supervisor, they’ve just received word of a curious accident from one of their top informants; they’re sending reinforcements and demanding I act immediately to detain certain suspicious individuals who may have been involved therein.”
Gwen frowned, “just what is your assignment here?  What are you investigating?  Who are these suspicious people, my father?”
Megan smiled grimly, as if she had just discovered she’d be required to eat a large, live frog, “I work for a department that isn’t even supposed to exist,” began she, but having got the first part out, she plowed on determinedly, “it is called the Department of Supernatural Affairs and we’ve been investigating the man called Raven for some time, but we can’t ever seem to pin anything on him though strange things swirl around him like snow in a blizzard, it has for decades.  I was sent out here after Tristan’s accident, when the hospital reported his miraculous recovery and that he had been discharged in the care of that mysterious man; the Agency had lost track of him for a few years only for him to turn up here.”
Gwen was horrified, “so you really aren’t his friend or mine?  What about all your talk about the church service the other day, is that all a cover too?”
Megan smiled wanly, her eyes pleading for understanding, “I’m afraid it is all too real!  I was sent to infiltrate whatever was going on here, only to find myself actually falling in with it.  I should have recused myself when I first started to fall, but it is too late for that, except now I’m going to have a partner to keep me accountable and I don’t know what to do.”  She eyed Gwen keenly, “I need your help!”
“Me?!” squawked Gwen, touched to the heart by her friend’s plight but unsure what a mere girl of nineteen could do.
Said Megan quietly, “you, Tristan, and Raven were all reported dead in the accident, not the first time for either of the guys, but I believe you are now as deep in whatever this is as they are.”
Gwen could not help but grin wryly, “you’re right, but what it is, I haven’t a clue but I’ll do whatever I can to help!”
“Of course you would darling,” hissed her father, stepping into the conversation just then, “I must thank you for ferreting out this little mole!  I’m sure the Agency would be most grateful for my information, as I am one of their leading informants, but then when one has the power and influence to manipulate even the earthly powers-that-be, who needs gratitude?”  He raised his gun and pointed it at Megan, “let’s rather tie up this little loose end here and now!”
“No!” cried Gwen, but a terrible roar filled the kitchen, followed by an eerie, horrible silence, broken only by her father’s cruel laughter.
He eyed the murdered woman keenly, noting the hole in her forehead and the quickly spreading pool of blood beneath her, before nodding in farewell to the horrified girl, “take that as a warning my dear, get you gone before worse comes of it!”  He sauntered out of the kitchen as silently and quickly as he had come, leaving the stricken Gwen to kneel beside her murdered friend, tears streaming down her cheeks, what was she to do?
“What was that?” blinked Megan dazedly, sitting up and putting her hand to her head, before glancing wryly at the bloody pool in which she sat and the horrified look of wonder on her companion’s face, she barked a laugh and added, “It seems I have just gotten involved myself.”
Gwen helped her to her feet and into a chair, where they took up their mugs and just stared awkwardly at one another and the table alternatingly, before sharing eager smiles and giggling like a pair of giddy junior high girls.  Said Gwen at last, “do you think he’ll rat you out?”
“I doubt it,” mused Megan eagerly, “your appearance here didn’t seem to faze or surprise him, so he must have some idea what is going on, even if we don’t.  He isn’t going to want to get tangled up in the murder of an agent or to have to explain why I’m not still dead, no matter his pull with the Agency.”  She looked downright grim, “besides, they’re sending reinforcements which will undoubtedly be working for him or at least won’t turn a friendly eye toward us.”
“What about Raven?” asked Gwen.
“What about him?” asked Megan archly, “I’m sure this is no mystery to him, somehow I doubt any of us are long able to hide our true feelings or motives from such a man, but I’m willing to play dumb if you are?”
“It could be fun at that,” laughed Gwen, “though I have a feeling you’re right!”
“I suppose you had best get home to bed,” said she, “as we’ve both got work tomorrow and your family will never forgive me if you don’t get a little sleep!”  They parted after sharing a conspiratorial grin, each lying long abed but neither getting any rest puzzling over the wonder of it all.

Gwen went to work the next morning as if nothing had changed, though everything had.  She met a rather puzzled Doctor Bob at the front door, who caught her eye and motioned for her to follow around back where there was an overgrown grassy paddock with a rather disastrous fence that hadn’t been used in over a decade, but Gwen had eyes only for the astonishing creature standing beside a crazily slanting post.  The old vet saw a rangy grey horse with worn tack tied to the questionable post with a little tag hanging from his bridle reading, ‘for Gwen,’ while the girl saw perhaps the finest warmblood ever bred, with a coat so white it seemed brilliant as starlight while the shaggy hair hanging over his hooves, along with his mane and tail, radiated a bluish fire at the ends; the same indigo light glimmered in his bright eyes.
The man shook his head as if it was the darndest thing he had ever seen, but as the girl squealed in delight and leapt aback the peculiar creature, he smiled like a proud grandpa and watched the pair leap the fence and rush around the paddock as if she’d been born ahorseback, though she had never been on a horse in her life, except for her extraordinary experiences the previous evening.  At last she trotted over and beamed like the new risen sun, “this is wonderful!”
Said the vet, “do you have any idea where he came from?”
“A little bit,” smiled she, mysteriously as ever Raven could.
The old man sighed, laughed heartily, and then said, “let’s get back to work then, at least that we can both understand!”  She smiled brightly and followed swiftly after, eliciting only a questioning look from her boss as she apparently left the ragged creature to his own devices, but who was he to question such a horsewoman!  He smiled the more and followed her into the office.
As Gwen was getting ready to leave that afternoon, Megan popped in and said, “I was subbing at the school today and took the opportunity to speak with both your mom and your aunt, they said it was okay if we spent the afternoon together before going to your house for a quick supper and then off to the rec center for practice.”
“What are you proposing?” queried the intrigued Gwen, snatching her bag and dashing for the door.
“You’ll see,” grinned Megan brightly, as they walked back into town, eventually stopping outside the church.
“Prayer meeting?” teased Gwen.
“Not so much,” laughed Megan, pulling out a key and going inside, “I also spoke to the pastor’s wife who said we could use the basement.”
“Curiouser and curiouser,” quoth Gwen, following Megan downstairs.
“I thought it wouldn’t be a bad idea to work on your martial skills, seeing as the rest of us caught up in this little conspiracy have been at it for years,” said she, pulling a pair of practice swords out of her gym bag and tossing one to Gwen.
“Not a bad idea at all,” agreed Gwen eagerly, catching the blade and setting herself in a defensive stance, both pausing to stare at the reaction, for the girl acted as if she had been doing it for years instead of having had only one lesson.
“Intriguing!” smiled Megan in anticipation, leaping at her momentarily shocked opponent, foregoing the basics altogether.
Gwen froze for only a second, before her instincts apparently kicked in, barely managing to block the incoming thrust, but after that, it was a simple matter to defend and attack, as if she had done it all her life, though when she let her conscious mind interfere she would stumble in the rhythm and receive a painful whack for her inattention, smiling ruefully, she’d leap into the fray again and lose herself in the ancient dance.
After an hour of swordplay, Megan put away the fake weapons and decided to drill her student in the more rough and tumble aspects of hand to hand combat, especially as might be encountered during a fight with an informally trained foe, but those old karate lessons must have paid off, for Gwen met her attacker as an equal, at least when she didn’t over think it!  The girls at last stopped, neither sweating or breathing particularly hard, as they grinned joyously at one another before packing up their gear and retreating to Gwen’s house for one of Aunt Phyllis’s signature dinners and of course cherry pie.
As they walked home, they chatted blithely about the day.  Gwen mentioned the appearance of the fabulous horse while Megan commented delightedly upon Gwen’s astonishing acquisition of martial skills.  “I don’t understand any of it!” laughed Gwen in pure delight, “But I’m loving every moment and can’t wait to see what happens next.”
“It certainly is intriguing,” agreed Megan, her own countenance alight with pure joy.
They reached the house but were rather vague as to their activities, but the happily bustling Phyllis was too delighted at having a dinner guest to notice while Gwen’s mother was busy cleaning up the wreck of the philodendron that the cat had knocked off the windowsill.  After a lively dinner, the girls walked over to the rec center for practice, Phyllis didn’t join them as it wasn’t a fencing night and she’d had enough excitement to last her at least a month besides!
Said Megan lightly as they walked in with the rest of the gathering students, “when I first got here I was amazed that so many people were interested in fencing, only to realize they were talking about installing or repairing an actual fence!”  Gwen smiled appreciatively and told of her recent adventures in bovine hygiene, at which they both laughed.
“What’s so funny?” asked Tristan, joining himself to their little party, at their wise and enigmatic looks and ensuing silence, he mock-scowled at them and groused good-naturedly, “You two are as bad as Raven!”
“I do own a cat,” smiled Gwen all the more.
“What’s her excuse?” grinned Tristan.
“Do I need one?” retorted Megan with an infuriating grin all her own.  The boy sighed in exasperation as they all took their places and began warming up.
Afterwards, Raven joined the perplexing trio and asked, “just what are you lot up to?”  At which they all grinned as maddeningly as himself, laughed he outright, “all right, me thinks we had best pry it out of you over ice cream?”
“Only if you’re buying,” smiled Tristan, leading the way.  The laggards exchanged a knowing smile but weren’t long in following.
Once they had their treats and were settled in a booth at the back, well out of earshot of everyone, Raven went for the throat, “now just what are you ladies smiling so mysteriously about?”  But grinning silence was all that met him, eliciting a bright laugh as he continued, “you are very good at playing my game, but alas I must destroy your delightful secrets, which are no such thing, at least to me.”
Gwen sighed in feigned woe but exchanged an amused glance with her co-conspirator, Tristan just looking flummoxed and extremely curious, as she said, “see, I told you he’d figure it out!”
“What?” demanded the boy, wanting to be in on the secret himself.
“At least we confounded someone,” smiled Megan impishly.
“Easy lad,” smiled Raven, “Megan’s merely joined our little conspiracy.”  At which the boy smiled radiantly and offered his hand in congratulations, but as they quieted, he asked for the full story, but she crossed her arms and shook her head, leaning back and smiling defiantly, demanding to hear the full tale of the previous evening first.  He smiled the more and told the tale, as she then did in her own turn, Raven nodding maddeningly throughout, as if he already knew most of it!  But Tristan’s wondering gape well made up for it, for the most part anyway.
“The FIA?!” whistled the boy, “Wow!”  Eyeing his mentor curiously, he asked, “and you’ve known all along?”
“Certainly,” smiled he, “but as Megan has ever been a friend and ally, I saw no reason to bother with her actual profession, not that she or even the whole Agency is much of a threat to any of us.”  He eyed her keenly and asked, “what of this imminent partner of yours?  Are you going to quit the force or continue on undercover, just with a different Employer?”
Megan smiled eagerly, “I’ll remain at my post until forced out.”
Raven nodded but was interrupted by Tristan before he could continue, said the boy, “how do you know all this stuff?  Where do you go when everyone thinks you off driving truck somewhere?”
The man caught each bright eye and grinned eagerly, “I suppose it is time the lot of you learned to See!  No doubt we’ll need it in the days to come.”  Suddenly they were somewhere else entirely, the ladies gaping about in wonder at the night dark woods rather than the fluorescently lit ice cream parlor, though this was not Gwen’s first experience therewith, spoke she, “that’s some trick!”
“Quite,” agreed Raven, “and one you’ll learn eventually, but for now, we have something else to work on.”  He caught their eager eyes, the ladies gasping as they realized they could see rather well in the completely dark woods, the gentlemen smiling in amusement thereat, but continued Raven calmly, with only the hint of a smile, “Gwen you may have already noticed that certain things are quite different to your perception after the accident than previous to it?”
She smiled broadly, “your so-called motorcycles were actually a pair of fabulous horses?”
“Exactly,” nodded he, “in certain circumstances we can See things as they really are, but in others we are still as blind as a typical mortal man.  The reasons for that are many and varied, and some are probably so deep or wonderful that our heads could ill contain them, but one reason is that while we ourselves are veiling the truth, so too is much veiled from us.”
“Veiling the truth?” asked Megan with a perplexed frown, “You already knew all my secrets!”
Raven merely smiled at her for a moment before the next, his person was suddenly afire with what might be brilliant starlight, and the moment after that he disappeared entirely, said his voice from thin air, “that is what I mean by veiling the truth.  You have veiled your true form and occupation from prying eyes and therefore so too are many such secrets hidden from you, but when you reveal your true self, so too will you strip away the blinders hiding the otherwise invisible world from your uncanny eyes.”
Asked Gwen in wondering consternation, “but aren’t you again ‘veiling’ the truth by becoming invisible?”
“A good theory but flawed,” grinned Raven’s voice, “for I am only invisible to mortal men, to anyone who can see beyond the thin façade of mortality, I am quite a spectacle, but then so are they in their own right!”
“So you skulk about town alight but invisible and spy out all our secrets whilst everyone assumes you to be earning a respectable and honest living?” demanded Megan in full professional spy mode, though her slightly impish smile ruined it.
“Precisely,” agreed he, “and I’d like each of you to try it.”
Frowned Tristan slightly, “why was I only ever allowed to skulk about town in my usual, visible guise?”  They could all feel the pregnant, expectant silence, before the boy flushed and answered his own question, “there wasn’t much going on prior to yesterday and you could handle that on your own, while I had my own little duties to be about around town and needed to interact with ordinary people in order to accomplish them.”
Raven laughed brightly and said proudly, “it seems you have learned something in the last few years after all, lad!  Now get busy, the lot of you, just concentrate and it should be as easy as thought.”
The trio exchanged an uneasy and rather embarrassed glance, but did as they were told, for a long moment they just stared in wonder at one another and themselves before Raven ordered them into invisibility, though they weren’t quite so sure they had complied, as they could each see him quite well now as well as one another, even after he assured them that their friends and neighbors would be completely blind to their presence.  He shook his head in wonder at their own, smiled approvingly at each of them, and led the way out of the little wood, somewhere in rural Maine as he informed them later.  It wasn’t a very long walk into town, where they found some little summer festival in progress, and meandered around the crowded street fair with its vendors and performers, carnival games and food stands.  Their disembodied voices weren’t noticed amidst such a throng, and as they walked he pointed out the meaning of some of the many strange and wonderful things they could now See.  Content in their knowledge, they were suddenly back at the ice cream parlor, as if they had never left, for to anyone else’s perception, they hadn’t!

A few days later, a knock came on Megan’s door at a rather obscene hour of the morning, whereupon she opened it, knowing who her mystery visitor likely was, “Agent Hall?” queried he, inviting himself inside and shutting the door swiftly in his wake, before quickly scanning the room and the widely blinking woman, then briefly flashing his identification even as she proffered hers, continued he, “I am here to back you up, and as the senior agent in the area, I’m also taking command of the investigation, tell me everything!”  He boldly strode off towards the kitchen in search of coffee, leaving her to smile in grim amusement before following silently after, everything indeed!
She briefly outlined what little she seemingly knew of the situation, feeling rather like a fifth grader who hadn’t studied for her math test while the teacher sat there with her half completed homework in a pile before him, not that it was homework but rather her vague and barebones reports for the last several years, as she had had nothing of interest to report until now.  Neither did that faux teacher seem pleased with the results of his inquiry or the reports in front of him, said he grimly, “there is nothing here Agent Hall, nothing at all!  I’m half tempted to send you back East to fly a desk or answer phones for such sloppy and indifferent work, perhaps I will once I have things here under control!  Now how stand the suspects?”
“I haven’t seen the girl’s father…” began she, but he swiftly interrupted her, demanding, “come, come!  The man is an upstanding and influential citizen, Agent Hall, we will not be casting aspersion upon his good name, am I clear?”
Murmured she, “yes, sir,” he nodded tersely as his eyes ordered her to continue, said she solemnly, “the other three: the boy, the girl, and this so-called Raven are all going about their business in the community as if nothing has happened, I have not acted in such a way yet as to apprise them that things are other than they have always been.”
“At least in that you have been wise,” mused he, “I want to get in with this Raven fellow, he has a file two feet thick back at the Agency and he sounds an intriguing character.  I doubt these children have any idea what he is really up to but we’ll keep an eye on them as well.  And the accident scene?”
She shook her head, “there’s a power pole that was leaning at a ridiculous angle but not much else to show it ever happened; the utility company has already set the pole to rights so there’s absolutely nothing to see.”
“Strange, very strange, but then that is the nature of our work!” nodded he pensively.
“May I ask, sir,” said she, “how it is you got entangled in this non-existent department?”
“You may,” mused he with an annoyed frown, “and I may eventually tell you, but right now let’s stick to business and forget about personal details, a good agent doesn’t even have a real personality or life, he is only what his role demands and nothing else!”
“Yes, sir,” nodded she rather dismally, wondering how long she could put up with such a stern partner or he with her.
“Now,” continued he, “how do I get in with this Raven fellow?”
“He’s a canny one, sir,” said she, sitting up and looking interested in what was to come for the first time during the entire interview, “he’s a witty old fox and not easily fooled.”  The man’s predacious smile only deepened as he motioned for her to tell him more, her smile was all eager amusement in thinking of pitting Agent Sullivan against such an elusive foe as Raven was like to be.  The Agency’s best agents had been chasing him for years but could neither catch him nor contrive to pin anything on him, at best they had a stack of theories and maybes that took up a whole drawer, at least it would have back in the days before digital records.
“If you want to get close to him,” mused Megan aloud, “you’ll have to go to church or attend martial arts classes at the rec center, otherwise he’s hard to find.”
“What about at home?” queried Agent Sullivan in surprise.
“He’s hardly ever at home,” said she, “he’s lived with the boy since his family was killed in a car accident five years ago, but he seems to disappear for large hunks of the day, most think he’s a truck driver and out of town a lot, but he’s here every night to teach his martial arts class.”
“Interesting,” laughed he a little snidely, “I haven’t been to church since I was a little kid at grandma’s house, how quaint!  But I could perhaps use a refresher in my self-defense techniques.  Is he good?”
“The best I’ve ever seen,” agreed she.
“And you’ve inveigled your way into both his church and his classes?” persisted he.
“I’m the church secretary and assistant instructor and substitute teach on the side,” said she.
“At least you have an established cover,” said he pensively, “now what about my cover?  I’m not old enough to be your father but not too old to be a boyfriend perhaps?”
He laughed when she shuddered at the very idea, but she quickly doused that fire, “perhaps an estranged husband interested in patching things up but certainly not a live-in boyfriend, the church people don’t look too kindly on that sort of thing.”
“They are rather benighted out here!” laughed he aloud, “And I don’t want to destroy your cover in establishing my own, so husband it is.”


4
 
 “I don’t know if I like this,” said Molly that evening as Gwen was getting ready to go to class, at the girl’s questioning look, she continued, “this encounter with your father and whatever he’s involved himself in or this FIA agent of yours!  Can’t we just live a nice quiet settled little life?”
Gwen shrugged, “perhaps we’re here precisely for ‘such a time as this!’”
“You are such a romantic!” laughed her mother despite her unease, kissing her daughter on the head, “Have fun, and don’t worry, we won’t be moving anytime soon, where would we go?”
“And you thought it would be boring here!” teased Gwen as she headed out the door, smiling a greeting as Tristan met her on the sidewalk, his horse and hers waiting impatiently to be off, though to everyone else, they were just a pair of rusty bicycles.  They rode off and Gwen’s mother let the muslin curtain fall back into place, wondering if those two would ever make a go of it, smiling to herself, she went back to the kitchen to help Phyllis with the dishes.
They left the horses outside and hastened in with everybody else, eager for another night of refining their latent ninja skills, Gwen discovering she had an innate but very basic level of skill which she was able to swiftly build upon, learning in weeks what would have taken years in her previous life.  There was a new student this evening, Gwen and Tristan both wide-eyed in astonishment as the man introduced himself as Sullivan Hall, Megan’s estranged but hopeful husband, but as they both realized that was only his cover story, they overcame their initial shock and managed to shake hands like sane and civilized persons.  Megan hastened to the front to begin warming everyone up, while the newbie fell into line with the other students, his eyes glancing keenly about, as if searching for something or someone.
Raven didn’t come in until the class divided by level, Sullivan eagerly claiming a spot with the advanced students, much surprising everyone but Raven and Megan, but as it seemed he had a little experience with this sort of thing, Raven said nothing and set him to sparring with Tristan while Megan returned to her own students, forcing them to concentrate likewise.  After class, as everybody was stretching, chatting with their friends, and gathering up their possessions, Megan remarked to Gwen, “pretty soon you’ll be ready to join the advanced class.”
Gwen smiled eagerly, but just then the faux husband sidled into their conversation and attached himself to their little group, saying lightly, “I hear you people like to go out for ice cream after practice, does anybody mind if I tag along?”
The three were silent for a moment, but Raven saved them from a long awkward pause by saying, “certainly, any friend of Megan’s is always welcome.”  He led the way out of the rec center and off towards their now regular haunt, each of the three younger conspirators wondering what the man’s presence would mean to their nightly gathering, but Raven not seeming to care in the least, eliciting an eager and impish glance amongst the three, which made Agent Sullivan frown in consternation, wondering what they were up to and just how much he could trust Agent Hall in all of this.
They got their ice cream and took their usual booth, leaving it to the senior men to lead the conversation, none of the others knowing quite what to say.  Raven went immediately for the throat, “so how long have you been married?”
Sullivan was no novice, at least as a field agent, so easily chatted about his backstory and his supposed life out East and how much he missed his wife and his hope of a reconciliation.  Persisted Raven, heroically maintaining a neutral countenance as he listened to the whole pile of lies, “maybe the church could help?  Megan has become very involved since she moved to town and I’m sure it would go a long way towards healing your marriage if you did the same?”
“Maybe you’re right,” smiled Sullivan dyspeptically, “tell me all about it, I haven’t been a church goer since my grandmother made me go as a kid!”
“Your wife,” said Raven, hiding his delight at the irony and speaking as blandly as he could, “goes to the Community Church, but there’s also a Lutheran and Catholic church in town if you are interested?”
“They’re all the same to me,” shrugged Sullivan indifferently, “where do you go?”
Raven grinned at him, but eventually replied, “most often to the Community Church but I make my rounds of the others as well.”
The rest of the evening passed in fiction on Sullivan’s part and bland and vague nothings on everybody else’s, but the intruder seemed pleased with himself as he escorted his ersatz wife home, or at least that’s what he claimed, rather he ordered Megan to go home while he waited outside the restaurant for the others to leave, hoping to tail them.  She could only smile grimly and walk in the appropriate direction, at least until she vanished from casual sight, and unveiling her true form, she allowed herself to See and be Seen.
She silently returned to spy upon the hopeful spy, a trio of bogeys huddled beside him, whispering dark and dangerous nothings to his benighted soul.  The shadowy things saw the radiant intruder, but as they were simply minding their own business she was no threat to them, thus did they roundly ignore her.  She studied the man himself, as he watched Raven and his companions through the smudgy parlor windows.  He looked like a character in an old black and white movie, having no color in himself, save the occasional flash or pulse of color that would wash across his being as his passions or emotions were stirred, the particular color representing what he was feeling and the intensity of the color saying how deeply it was felt.  Right now he was awash in the fluorescent yellow of eagerness and such was his anticipation that he looked almost as yellow as a canary.
She shuddered as another person initially passed them by, but with a start and a greasy smile, he turned and addressed the fellow crouching in the bushes and staring in the window, said Gwen’s father, “and who might you be?  Agent Sullivan?  Yes, don’t look too startled or concerned, I’m the man who brought you here and to whom you’ll be reporting.  You’ve made initial contact?  Excellent, just keep an eye on that little partner of yours, she’s playing for the other side!  I’ll be in touch.”  He then strode off as if he was Mayor and late for an important award’s ceremony whereat he was to be honored.  To the agent he looked like a powerful and confident man, but still a man for all of that.  Megan could see the inky blackness that filled his soul and showed him to be an utterly wicked and corrupted man, mortal no longer.  Happily his own mortal disguise left him completely blind to her presence, and such creatures could not vanish from casual sight, forcing them to risk revealing their true nature to anyone who happened to see them if they truly wanted to See.
Her eyes followed the agent’s as he again turned his attention to the occupants of the back booth, as she studied her own comrades, they too were blind to her presence, and though each was carefully veiled in mortality, she could easily discern the pulsing starlight at the core of their very being as they sat and talked over the dregs of their milkshakes and sundaes.  Leaving the agent to his spying, she trotted after the oblivious Shadow Man, eager to discover what he was up to.

Raven finally rose, stretched, and smiled at his remaining companions, saying, “you kids had best head home, I’ve a spy to lead on a merry chase, if not an intriguing interview with the fellow.”
They smiled their reluctant farewells but knew a suggestion from Raven was an order and there was no point in arguing or delaying.  Tristan offered to escort Gwen home and they left companionably together, Raven gave them a minute to be well on their way before he exited himself, politely pretending to be oblivious as the determined Sullivan tried to discreetly follow at a distance.

Tristan and Gwen went to his house rather than hers, she eyed him curiously, only slightly scandalized by what all and sundry might think, but trusting his instincts in this odd profession more than her own, she followed without question.  There wasn’t much to see or do but at least they were alone, it was just a dingy little house that hadn’t really been cleaned or kept up since the decease of the lady thereof, though Gwen was secretly horrified thereby, she kept her own counsel and thus the grinning lad continued ignorantly and blithely on, said he, “I think we should get married!”
“What?!” squawked she in surprise, though her first actual thought on the subject, arbitrary as it was, was that then at least the squalid domicile could get a thorough cleaning!  But recovering herself, she added wryly, “I thought affairs of the heart, as such, were behind us?”
“They are,” smiled Tristan the more, “in fact we are quite forbidden from entangling ourselves thus, at least when it isn’t a professional matter.”
Snorted Gwen in absurd disgust, “well that certainly takes all the romance out of it!  But as long as it is merely professional…”
Continued he, as if she hadn’t interrupted, “everyone in town will no doubt be expecting it at some point and it will get you out of your Aunt’s house and away from your mother.”
“Protecting them and making it all the easier to skulk about with our weird habits without eliciting questions,” nodded she, “and as we are both in the same proverbial boat, professionally speaking, it isn’t any different than any other role we might be asked to assume.”  She grimaced and added, “just like Megan’s so-called marriage!”  She laughed brightly and exchanged a mischievous glance with her boyish companion, “at least my man friend is far easier to get along with!”  They exchanged a startled look as there came a thumping and bumping at the back door, both vanishing from sight as an intruder invaded the house.

Megan followed the villain towards main street where he turned into what had been a boarded up and abandoned, but historically interesting, old hotel, though some claimed it was actually a brothel back in the day, over which the townsfolk had been fighting ever since, some wanting to tear it down and others wanting to restore it, but meanwhile, it slowly fell to pieces as time and neglect would inevitably decide the matter even if the townsfolk never did, but apparently someone had convinced somebody to actually do something about it!
Like a stalking cat, she followed her oblivious quarry into his lair, past the two Empty Suits posted at the door like bouncers or footmen.  She stopped midstride and staired at the pair, rather baffled by the sight, for they didn’t blink or move or breath or otherwise admit they were living individuals rather than mannequins or robots, even able to See, they were no more lively to her strange vision than any rock or post, even less alive than the grass or a tree, which at least throbbed with color and life and being, but the door guards were nothing whatsoever, no more lifelike than the doors they warded.  She frowned pensively but continued after Gwen’s father, not wishing to lose him in the warren of rooms and corridors that made up the interior of the curious building.
A couple bogeys hissed at her and scampered off like frightened cats as she entered, but otherwise there was nothing at all interesting to See, save the beginning stages of the renovations the new owner had instigated.  She followed him upstairs but had gone no further than the third step from the top when an overwhelming feeling of terror and darkness seemed to hulk before her, like a thunderstorm on the horizon or a cliff jutting out of the sea, she remembered a formless darkness, flaming eyes, and then she evaporated like water droplets hitting a hot burner.

Raven led his sneaking companion off towards the park, and certain they were alone upon the abandoned bike path, he said aloud and most genially, “how about a companionable moonlight stroll, my friend?  So much better than your skulking in shadows and me pretending I’m alone.”
He heard a snort of disgust and surprise, then hurrying footsteps, and there was Agent Sullivan beside him, saying gruffly, “you’re good old man, but not good enough to escape our nets entirely!”
Raven snorted a laugh, “enough of your tall tales lad, I prize the Truth above all else, so quit lurking in the shadows and painting your life full of lies.  I know who you are and who you work for so let’s quit pretending that I’m ignorant or you’re a hopeful lover.”
“She’s betrayed us?!” said he in wonder, thinking the girl ignorant and unskilled and disorganized but not yet having come to the conclusion she was a traitor, no matter what that suave man said.
“No,” smiled Raven, “but I’ve been around long enough, and dealt with enough people of the sort, that it wasn’t hard to guess from the very first what her initial intentions were.”
“Initial intentions?” said the flabbergasted agent.
Raven laughed heartily, “she has become in truth a good friend and a comrade I can trust implicitly.”
“Comrade?” hissed he, as if he had been kicked in the stomach, “She’s a double agent?!”
Raven shook his head, “certainly not, there’s naught of betrayal in her, it is against her very nature!”
“Any man can turn traitor,” warned the agent grimly.
“Any mortal man, yes,” agreed Raven, his eyes glinting stonily in the moonlight as old memories stirred, “but we are beyond such failings.”
“I’m here to get to the bottom of this,” retorted Sullivan, determined to keep the upper hand, “and I will use her however I must if you won’t cooperate!”
Raven actually laughed at him, “what do you think you can do lad?  I’ve been hassled and harried by far more proficient or ruthless agents than you!  And why do you think my case has been assigned to your theoretically non-existent department of the supernatural?”
“If you value her life or your own,” began he, but Raven interrupted him, smiling grimly, “it is appointed for man to die once, lad, and that I’ve already done, back in the trenches of the Great War when I was but a lad myself, since then, it is a mere inconvenience.  How do you think any of us survived that little debacle the other night?  As for Megan, did you not know your important contact or patron or puppet-master or whoever he is put a bullet in her head two nights ago?  What more can you do to her?  We do not fear those who can only kill the body, rather all should fear Him who can destroy both body and soul!  Ware for yourself lad, ere it is too late.”
“Your case should be assigned to the local police as a psychiatric problem, not wasting Agency resources!” scowled Agent Sullivan, “I’ll keep my eyes on you and her both!”  He stormed off into the night, Raven grinning wryly after, before he betook himself into invisibility to continue his nightly stroll but rather as a tiger warding its territory rather than a gentleman out for a pleasant constitutional.

Agent Sullivan stalked off in agitation down the street after the man’s disturbing and completely paranoid revelations, but suddenly stopped and smiled in grim delight, as a new idea suddenly occurred to him.  He trotted off to the dingy little house on the far side of town, seemingly abandoned at the moment, and decided to try his hand at housebreaking, not that any decent or sane criminal would try robbing the place, for there was obviously nothing of value within and the occupant might not be very welcoming of uninvited visitors, for this wasn’t the home of some little old lady with a dozen cats for company!  He tried the backdoor and found it unlocked, what was it with small towns!, and entered boldly, daring anyone to challenge his presence therein.  He pulled a small flashlight from his pocket and scanned the seemingly abandoned place, grimacing at the dust, dirty dishes, unwashed curtains, and the like speaking of years of neglect or disuse.
He strode into the living room and scanned the area, seeing nothing but common household clutter.  A brief trip upstairs revealed two small bedrooms, a little bathroom, and nothing of interest.  He returned to the living room and took a closer look at the flotsam and jetsam of clutter about the room, smiling eagerly as he plopped himself in the scruffy recliner to page through a magazine that had been recently abandoned, as it was the only article in the room not covered in dust.  He glanced through it briefly, pocketed it in triumph, and strode home in victory, certain he had bagged his fox.

Megan appeared with a brilliant flash upon her bed, shaking her head in wonder and blinking about in confusion, but finding no evil fog ready to ingest her soul, she relaxed and gained her feet, only to hear the front door open, meaning Sullivan must be home.  She groaned but hastened down to meet him, rather wishing to discuss her findings with Raven, but knowing that wasn’t possible at the moment.  Sullivan settled himself eagerly at the table, pulled a yellowing copy of a magazine from his pocket, ordered coffee without looking up, and began to scan the periodical dedicated to home decorating and style.  Megan’s eyebrows rose in surprise at his choice of literature but hied herself into the kitchen to do as she was bidden.
When she returned with his cup, he demanded paper and pencil, and having secured this, he went about filling sheet after sheet with letters.  Rearranging them, writing them in a different order, crumpling up page after page and grumbling to himself in irritation, thus did he work through the night, Megan watching him in vast amusement.  As the sun was finally rising, he sat back in his chair and finally addressed her, save to order more coffee or a sharp pencil or some such, “I can’t make heads or tails of this.”  At her curious look he informed her, “I was in that old fox’s house last night and found this magazine, which is obviously filled with some sort of code, but I can’t break it.  I’m going to have to run it by the code whizzes at the Agency but I was hoping to do it myself.”
At her grinning nod, he snapped, “and don’t play innocent or dumb with me, I know who you’re working for, and I’m going to get all of you!”
“Who am I working for?” queried she, mirth itself.
“That old fox of course,” spat he.
“And who is Raven working for?” smiled she the more.
“That I have yet to determine!” scowled he, “But as soon as I know, I’ll bag the lot of you!”
“All you need to do is ask,” laughed she, “we’d be happy to tell you all about it, but I dare say you won’t believe a word we say.  Though I am eager to know what your codebreakers discover.”
“If you know what’s good for you, you will cooperate from here on out,” said he sternly, “and perhaps you’ll gain leniency.”
“I’ll do what I must,” said she grimly, “which at the moment means I need to get to work.”  At his blank look she smiled, “Thursdays are my morning in the church office, Secretary, remember?”  He grumbled something non-verbal and waved her off, returning his glower to the magazine before him.  She laughed the more and skipped upstairs to get ready.
Megan looked up in anticipation as she heard the church door open and smiled like a daisy in the sun to see both Gwen and Tristan come into the office, though she couldn’t hide the curious inflection in her voice as she bade them welcome.  “Is the pastor in?” queried Tristan with a roguish grin, so scandalous both of the ladies were tempted to slap him.  Instead, Megan merely pointed to the door to his office and motioned that they might proceed at their leisure, but unable neither to miss playing the imp nor disappoint Megan’s vast curiosity, he said laughing, “we’re getting married!”  At Megan’s rather astonished look, Gwen merely smiled wryly and shrugged as if she didn’t understand it either, before following her imp of a fiancé into the pastor’s office, leaving Megan to her typing, knowing she would have to wait to hear more of the debacle another time, smiling like Tristan himself in remembering she had one of her own to discuss too!
Pastor Pots looked up as he heard someone talking to Megan, a friendly and curious light in his benign old eyes, not too brilliant of a man but kindly.  He welcomed the young couple into his office, motioned towards a corner containing several rather battered but comfortable chairs, and called out to Megan to bring the coffee, which she had already anticipated, for she entered that moment with the requested beverage and several cups in hand.  She gave them a knowing smile and a conspiratorial wink before returning to her more usual tasks.
Taking a sip of his coffee, the Pastor settled into his chair but nearly choked on the steaming beverage as Tristan made his proposal.  Sputtering and coughing, but at last regaining mastery of himself, the man sat forward in his chair and set down the cup, fixing the mischievously grinning boy with an aghast stare, “did I hear you correctly?  You are getting married after knowing this young lady a mere week?”
“Not even that long,” laughed Gwen, “but it was either you or run off to Vegas, and we thought this the less scandalous of the two.  Can you help us?”
“And what do your mother and Aunt say?” queried the Pastor, needlessly adjusting his spectacles, as if it might help him see this matter more clearly.
“We haven’t told them yet,” replied Gwen, abashedly glancing at the floor.
“I’m not sure it is truly better to ask forgiveness than permission,” retorted that reverend person dryly, “though I assure you repenting at leisure certainly has precedent.”
“I guess we can just go down to the courthouse,” suggested Tristan suddenly.
“If you are determined you are determined, then,” sighed the aging man heavily, as if the world’s responsibilities suddenly rested on his sloping shoulders, “but eloping or a civil service won’t do you any good, whereas at least coming to me might.  How ever I might feel personally about the suddenness of your plans, at least let me offer everything in my power to see that this union, if you must marry in haste, is as happy and stable as it can be.”  Tristan grinned his grin, the reverend took another sip of his coffee, Gwen smiled as madly as her companion, and then they got down to the serious business of committing matrimony, or at least planning to do so as swiftly as reasonably, or unreasonably, at least as it appeared in this case, possible.
As the pair exited the inner office, Megan waved them over to her desk and said quietly, but couldn’t hide her eager grin, “I have a debacle of my own to consult Raven on, when can we meet?”
“How about right now?” queried a voice from thin air, they exchanged a mad grin, before vanishing to some where and when else entirely.
They sat in their favorite Denny’s in suburban Denver, again in the middle watch of the night, as Raven grinningly asked after their adventures of late.  He merely smiled archly and didn’t even raise his eyebrows at Tristan’s proposal of conjugal bliss, though he did teasingly caution the lad that it was merely for show, at which the poor boy could only sigh exorbitantly and roll his eyes, his bride-elect laughing at them both while Megan could only smile wryly and shake her head, having faux marital problems of her own she couldn’t exactly comment thereupon to others.  Tristan recovered himself, asked them all to attend the ceremony on Friday, and then everyone looked expectantly to Megan for her curious report.
She outlined everything she had witnessed and experienced, Raven frowning pensively and nodding grimly but saying nothing until the tale was told in its entirety.  As Megan finished, all eyes were on Raven for his analysis, said he after a long thoughtful moment, “at least we know where the fellow is hiding himself and I think we can guess what he plans to do with his little property after his hideous offers to his own daughter!”  He smiled despite his grave mien at the curiosity burning bright in each set of eyes, as he continued, “and yes, I’ll explain what I can of the strange things Megan Saw.”  At their exuberant smiles, he could not help but join in himself.
“What was that horrid blackness?” asked Megan in eager dread, like a child that wants a closer look at a rather terrifying spider.
“Some sort of demonic entity, I’m sure,” shuddered he, “a thing far outside our weight class!  That sort of thing is left to the more powerful angels and even the Master Himself to deal with.  We’re mere mice when it comes to such fiends, but then they would hardly bother with us and if they try, the results are much like happened to Megan: she simply vanished from the scene before worse could come of it.”
“And the Empty Suits?” asked Tristan, obviously intrigued by the idea.
“That’s a very appropriate description indeed, lad,” nodded Raven, “they’re just mobile corpses, able to do simple things like drive to a certain destination or keep unwanted visitors from entering a door, but they can’t think or reason or even speak, simply obey commands to the letter until it is rescinded or changed or replaced by another.”
“What has my father become?” asked Gwen wretchedly, still feeling for the man no matter what he had done to her in the past, for at heart he was still her daddy.
“The evil variant of our own service,” replied Raven, gently as he could but there was no easy way to say it, “in everything save true death.  Only our Master has conquered death and can truly raise the dead, whereas we have entered True Life, your father has willingly become entrapped in a living death.  If he is mortally struck by one of us or our comrades, he’ll find himself a Bogey while his body will be just another Empty Suit.  He’s still counted a man, save not a mortal one.”
“What are Bogeys?” frowned Megan, “What are their habits, skills, strengths, and weaknesses?  You’ve merely shown us what they look like but have said little about them or any other villains we can use our martial skills against, though you insist we continually hone and practice them.”
“Quite true,” smiled he, “but there hasn’t been much around here to use said martial skills against, until just recently, so Tristan and I are the ones you should be pitying!  But of the potential foes you’ve thus far encountered, we can be dispatched against Bogeys, Empty Suits, Shadow Men like Gwen’s father, and sometimes even mortal men.”
“Sometimes?” frowned Gwen, then looking questioningly at Tristan, “I thought he intentionally killed me!”
“He did,” laughed Raven at the boy’s awkwardness and sheepish grin, “but it was only because he Knew he must, just like this marriage nonsense.  If he hadn’t been under orders he couldn’t have given you so much as a bloody nose.  There will be times we are authorized to capture, injure, or even kill mortal men, but if we aren’t we can’t do aught to importune them.”
“What if we get tired of all this?” asked Megan, suddenly overwrought at the strange new world she had entered and feeling rather like Gwen’s cat after his epic journey by car.
“We’re dead lass, at least as far as the mortal world’s thinking goes,” smiled Raven wistfully, “anytime you want, you can just lay down and die and vanish into eternity, but there’s no coming back until He Returns in truth.”  Added he with a wry smile, “and I’d prefer you didn’t abandon it all in the middle of an assignment.”  They all laughed at this and then exchanged intrigued smiles all around.  Continued he at last, “now let’s get back to our posts.  I’ll see you all at practice tonight and the wedding tomorrow!  You’ve enough to wrap your minds around at the moment, I’ll give you a little time to adapt before I overwhelm your sensibilities with our enemies’ strengths and weaknesses on another occasion.”  And then they were back where they had started but with far more to think over.


5
  
Gwen went into work after lunch, having had the morning off as Doctor Bob had a dentist appointment, and not unexpectedly, the first thing he said when she came in the door was, “what did I tell you about that boy?!”
She merely smiled whimsically at him and said, “it was he that did the asking and demanded haste, not me!  I had no plans or even dreams of the sort, but I could hardly refuse him.  Are you coming?”
“I wouldn’t miss it for all the cattle in Montana,” smiled he, truly delighted at the prospect though he had hardly known Gwen for a week, he was already rather fond of her, as if she were his own granddaughter, and Tristan he had known and liked since he was a very little boy, whatever he thought of their haste, he thought they’d make a happy couple indeed, adding archly, “though you should have asked for the day off first!”
“Only the morning,” assured she, “I hoped you wouldn’t mind.”
“Just like going to the dentist,” smiled he, flinching to remember what the dentist had said about a certain troublesome tooth and the treatment thereof, “not much of a honeymoon though.”
“I’m sure he’ll take me out for ice cream afterwards at least,” retorted she, all smile.  Changing the subject she asked, “what’s going on down town with that old hotel?”
“We were discussing just that over coffee at the café this morning,” said the old vet pensively, “some rich fellow from out east bought it and wants to renovate it and thinks it will put Podunk on the map as some sort of touristy historical getaway or something.”
“Who’s in charge of the renovations?” asked she.
“Timothy Melon and his crew,” replied the doctor, “at least they are employing locals on the project.”  Gwen could only nod in agreement while musing whether Tristan knew how to use a hammer or not, but then if she could suddenly use a sword, anything was possible in this bizarre profession!

That night at their usual ice cream rendezvous after practice, a huge relief after a rather awkward dinner with Tristan, her mother, and Aunt Phyllis with the conversation solely focusing on their ridiculous wedding and everyone’s astonishment thereat wherein Tristan would say nothing but only grin like the scamp he was, the little company reconvened, happily sans Megan’s own faux spouse.  Gwen regaled Raven and Megan with the dinner conversation or battle, whatever it was, both smiling broadly thereat, before delving into more interesting, though probably less amusing, matters.  Said she to her fiancé, “how do you feel about becoming a carpenter?”
“As least if I cut off my thumb it isn’t permanent,” quipped he, “why do you ask?”
She then outlined her idea while Raven nodded his approval of the plan, saying, “you are both getting the hang of this unpredictable business, well done!”
Gwen frowned slightly, “does he have a knack for carpentry or is it like my innate ninja skills?”
“Both,” grinned Tristan, “we have all sorts of skills, at least have we the need, and an increased propensity for learning as well, but I also have done enough odd jobs around town that I’m fairly proficient with a hammer and saw.”  He held up all ten fingers as if to prove it and grinned so scandalously that they all joined in.
Once their madness had quieted, Megan said eagerly, “my ersatz husband,” here she shot a teasing smile at Tristan, “has informed me of the strange code embedded in Raven’s pilfered magazine.  He has found the results very intriguing and plans to cross reference them extensively, though I did suggest one reference he might otherwise have overlooked.”  Here she held out her hand towards Raven and demanded, “he wants your Bible, otherwise he doesn’t like thinking about what he’ll be forced to do to either of us to ensure our cooperation.”
Raven could not help but grin in anticipation and delight even as the worn old book appeared suddenly in his hand and he handed it to Megan, saying in explanation, “I can’t wait to see what the fellow thinks of his astonishing discoveries when he cracks the code.  Why don’t we all go see?”  At their avid nods, again they vanished to the appropriate when and where.

It was midmorning on Friday, right about the time of the scandalous wedding, thus Megan was out and only Sullivan remained at home, busy on his computer and phone, trying to crack the code at last.  The coding whiz had unraveled the alphabet soup of highlighted letters in the magazine, coming up with four sentences that had puzzled them both, at least until he had thought to ask Megan what she could make of the revelation.
When she had come back Thursday afternoon after working all morning, he met her at the door and showed her the results.  Written in his shaky, hardly legible hand were the phrases: ‘seek and ye shall find,’ ‘I am the way, the truth, and the life,’ ‘I stand at the door and knock,’ and ‘thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.’
“What do they mean?” demanded he.
She looked at him in wonder and asked, her eyebrows at their zenith, “you couldn’t just type them into an internet search engine and come up with the answer?  Or what about remembering a little of what your grandma tried to instill in your young brain?”  At his continued, wondering stare, she took pity on him, smiled sadly and said, “it’s scripture, straight out of the Bible, I think he’s trying to tell you something.”
“Exactly!” triumphed the man, but adding in disgust, “Why would I trust the internet with such sensitive information?  Especially when it is chronically and consistently wrong about so much.  Get me the man’s Bible, I’m sure it is the other half of this perplexing code!”  And so she did, presenting it to him that very evening, forcing him and the poor coding whiz to work all night but at last triumphant just shortly after Megan left for the wedding, except that a previous version of herself was there in an invisible form, watching the tale unravel, Raven hardly able to contain his countenance or stifle his laughter as they finally figured it out.
“There are several numbers,” said the tech on the phone excitedly, “it’s a list!  And instructions!”  His triumph turned to confusion as he read out what he had finally translated, “what do you make of it, sir?”
“It must be yet another code, it must!” protested the agent in dismay, adding hopefully, “Now we need his cookbook!”
Gwen spitted Raven with a horrified glare before they all vanished, saving the poor agent from hearing an inexplicable auditory outburst of pure hilarity.
“What happens if the Russians get hold of it!?” burst out Gwen as they all resumed their places at table in the ice cream parlor, so much startling them all that even the teenage girl behind the counter looked up in surprise from wiping down the serving area, rag frozen in her hand.
Raven remained silent, his smile enigmatic and delighted at the fallout from his little intrigue, Tristan and Megan just looking from one to the other in confusion, but Gwen at last settled back in her seat, her own lips twitching suspiciously, and as the girl up front went resignedly back to her wiping, the elder man at last burst out laughing, “they may well at that lass, but I wonder if they’ll be as mystified as Agent Sullivan.”
“What?!” demanded Tristan at last.
“Aunt Phyllis’s top secret recipe for tuna noodle hotdish,” smiled Gwen grimly, “it is a secret known to no one outside the family, she insisted on teaching me the day after we moved here, lest she die in her sleep and the recipe be forgotten, but there’s no danger of that now that the FIA has it in their fell clutches and no doubt the Russians or somebody will hack their system and spread the secret worldwide!”
“No fear of that, milady,” smiled Raven broadly as all the others joined in the joke, even the girl at the distant counter smiling tremulously in hopes thereof, “for I do not believe anyone outside the Midwest even knows what a hotdish is; did you not discover this phenomenon yourself only recently?”
“Quite,” grinned Gwen ruefully, at which they all laughed the more.

The morning of the wedding dawned bright and clear, a gentle breeze playing with the gauzy curtains while both Aunt Phyllis and her mother helped Gwen prepare for the big day, none had imagined it turning out quite like this, an old white prom dress suddenly filling the place of a usually more significant gown, but it was what it was and they were romantic enough to make the best of it, having said their piece at supper the previous night and now all determined to have a memorable and happy day.
“Are you sure you want to go to work afterwards?” asked Phyllis, not a little scandalized at the very idea.
Gwen shrugged, smiled, kissed that dear lady on the cheek, and laughed, “Doctor Bob only gave me the morning off, and besides, Tristan is starting work with Mr. Melon’s crew this afternoon, though I suppose it would give me the chance to begin cleaning that dingy old house.”
Aunt Phyllis and Molly both had their war faces on and Gwen knew she had suddenly enlisted allies, she’d need them after that poor house had endured half a decade of bachelorhood in duplicate!  They shared a laugh before setting off for the church in the faithful old Buick, Gwen’s hands full of flowers from her Aunt’s garden and strangely giddy about the whole ordeal, as if she was starring in a Hallmark movie rather than actually living it.
Doctor Bob walked her down the aisle, Megan was the bridesmaid while Raven stood by the ridiculously smiling groom.  Mrs. Pastor Pots played the piano while Gwen’s mother and aunt composed the entire congregation, doing full justice to all the requisite emotions of the day.  The reverend did his part well, though rather astonished at the scripture selections made by the peculiar couple, but he performed his civic and holy duties before pronouncing them man and wife.  The whole party withdrew to the fellowship hall in the basement for coffee and cookies, no one wanted to bother with the mess of a cake, and sat around one table exchanging pleasantries.
Said the roly-poly little ecclesiastic jauntily, no longer in an official capacity but merely a man, “I was rather surprised by your selection of scripture but I’ve had far worse.”  At their curious and eager glances, he smiled in remembrance as he continued, “it was my first wedding, the couple had wanted the love passages from the book of I John, instead their scripture reader read from the Gospel of John, the passage about the woman at the well and her having five husbands, the worst part was this was the groom’s fifth marriage!  But he read the entire story with a straight face and no more was said about it.  I was rather horrified at the time but ever since I can laugh at the irony and what I was certain was an epic disaster in the making!  Was that the case today?  I thought it a little depressing to read about that poor woman being the widow of seven sequential brothers!”
Raven answered for the smiling but rather stymied newlyweds, “they knew what they were about when they picked that particular passage Reverend, it has a personal meaning for them that can’t really be explained to anyone who doesn’t know the full tale.”
“And I suppose you aren’t about to enlighten us?” asked the pastor archly, they all chuckled as Raven’s deepening smile was answer enough.  They continued their party and conversation for another half hour but then everyone had to get back to work, so after a quick change and lunch at the café, compliments of Doctor Bob, everybody went back to their more usual exploits of the day.
“A nice little wedding,” smiled the vet drolly, “but now back to the grindstone my dear, those cows won’t clean themselves!”  They shared a laugh as they returned to the office, eager for whatever the day might bring, even that.

Tristan put on his tool belt as he trotted up the front walk to the old hotel, where Tim met him at the door.  The broad and broadly grinning man held out his hand, clapped the boy on the back as he shook it, laughed heartily in congratulations at both his recent nuptials and joining the crew, and then led him inside, the two stoic door wardens paying them no heed, even when Tim told them the boy was part of the renovation crew and should be allowed freely in and out.  Said he in a scandalized whisper as they headed upstairs to one of the back bedrooms where Tristan was to start his labors, “strange fellows, those!  But the pay is good and we can certainly help the community by renovating this old building, so we don’t complain about a few eccentricities on the part of the boss man.  Now let’s get to work!”  Tristan gave him a sloppy grin and did just that.
During his break, while the other guys were out on the sagging veranda smoking and talking women, Tristan decided to take a self-guided tour of the house, but found nothing not common to a neglected old building in the first stages of a complete renovation.  He smiled ruefully and returned to his post, the smoke break at its end.

After work, everybody, even Doctor Bob, showed up at Aunt Phyllis’s house to help the bride pack her scant belongings and enjoy a farewell supper fit for a visiting monarch.  They all accompanied the newlyweds to the faded yellow house with its peeling paint and missing shingles, the old vet laughingly commenting, especially in light of Tristan’s new career as a carpenter, “the cobbler’s wife seemingly has no shoes,’ lad!”  At which the boy could only blush fiercely, unable to explain that material comfort and prosperity really were of no practical point or purpose in his new profession, but they all agreed to spend the following day cleaning and repairing the sad little abode.
The weekend warriors all went off to practice, Doctor Bob went home, while Gwen’s folk stayed behind to begin the cleaning, asked Phyllis of her niece as they went in to do battle, buckets and rags in hand, “is Raven going to hang about here now that the boy is properly married?”
“I hope so,” laughed Molly, “for someone needs to keep that pair out of trouble!”  They exchanged a knowing grin as Phyllis threw wide the door and they stepped into a war zone.

“Can we finally talk about something interesting?” asked Megan hopefully over ice cream that night, though Tristan’s wry headshake seemed to imply her hopes would come to naught, but she pressed on anyway for were not miracles a routine part of this business?
And truly they were, for Raven caught each bright and curious eye, smiled as enigmatically as a cat with a secret, but finally spoke of a few age old mysteries to the over-eager neophytes, said he with a chuckle, “poor Tristan’s been waiting five years to learn some of this stuff, what is five days to the rest of you?”
“An eternity,” quipped Gwen, sharing a knowing smile with Megan but otherwise eager not to interrupt this moment of moments.
“A day is like a thousand years, hmm?” retorted he, “You’ve got centuries to learn this stuff, lass, if you so choose, but I was young and ignorant once too.”  At their rather astonished and disbelieving looks he laughed the more, but pressed on, lest they explode with impatience at his continued dithering, “so what shall we talk about first?”
“Obviously angels and demons,” replied Gwen, no nonsense about her at the moment, all serious business, “how do they come into all of this?  Have we anything to do with them?”
Raven nodded but his smile was arch, though his voice was grave and pensive, “a topic not to be lightly trodden, certainly, but also a mystery upon which I can shed little light, save that of brief experience and what Scripture itself teaches.  It is best to consider such forces, the light and the darkness both, as being in a separate branch of the service, as it were, from our curious occupation.  We are the navy and they the air force or whatever, we all fight for the same side but have different missions or even a different theater, say Europe versus the Pacific during the Second World War.  We are still technically a part of the mortal or physical reality that composes this creation, they are something from beyond it but that can interact with it in various ways, but they need permission, no matter their side.  God directs His angels as He will while the forces of Darkness must seemingly petition for permission to act overtly against the created physical reality, take the opening scenes of Job for instance, but even when such evil is allowed, we are never outside His will or protection or knowledge.”
“Boy do the paranormal romance writers have it wrong!” said Megan with wide-eyes and a grim shake of her head.
“That’s precisely why I was eager to have this conversation,” smiled Raven knowingly, “for pop culture and romantic fiction certainly have some curious ideas about such things.”
“So we don’t fight demons?” asked Tristan in disappointment.
Raven and Megan shared a grim look and a mutual shudder, as the former replied, “I know it sounds exciting in theory lad, but the reality is dreadful and happily that is not our battle to fight, but rather His.”
“So what is my father up to?” asked Gwen with a shiver of her own, mostly at the things he had suggested to her during their ill-fated limo ride.
“The powers of darkness are always trying to get a foothold in this creation,” replied Raven, “demonic possession, wherein a demon or more than one, takes up residence inside a mortal man is common enough in scripture and outside the modern west, but they really don’t seem to cause much widespread damage, mainly being a danger to the possessed individual and perhaps the surrounding community, and that not very efficient for it seems the demons spend most of their time fighting the will of the individual they’ve possessed rather than accomplishing much anything else.
Then there is another curious phenomenon when a man is totally depraved to the point of ‘selling his soul to the devil’ as the horror genre has it, he becomes a Shadow Man, a living man still but one no longer in command of his own will nor counted as a mortal, but completely under the will and control of the demonic powers.  Again, it is only one man, and he can only accomplish so much and is rather vulnerable to people like us.  Bogeys and Empty Suits are even less effective, the latter having no thoughts of their own and the former usually invisible unless one can See and unable to physically harm mortal men, being little more than slinking spies or able to whisper dark nothings into troubled hearts.
There are times when the Divine Will allows Evil to break into our physical reality in various forms in a more terrifying manner, but such affairs are none of ours, save to marvel thereat afterwards.  What our particular Shadow Man appears to be doing is trying to allow the Evil Powers a chance to again enter our physical reality, to take on flesh and blood themselves that they might truly interact with the mortal world as they are currently unable to do as a mere spiritual entity.  We don’t know much about the only recorded event of this sort, little more than a sentence in Genesis, but all sorts of wild theories and tales have been spun off that tag end of Scripture regarding the Nephilim, but it isn’t unlikely that part of the reason for the Flood was to rid the world of such terrible fiends.  I believe that is exactly what they are trying to do in renovating that old hotel.”
“How are we supposed to fight that?!” said Megan in horror, remembering the demonic thing she had encountered in her scouting foray therein.
“We can’t,” said Raven bluntly, “but that doesn’t mean we don’t have something to do regarding it, and that we must and will attend to, don’t worry, we’ll know how to act when the time comes, as ever we have.”
“Have you ever met or seen an angel?” queried Gwen, trying to lighten the mood and satisfy her curiosity at the same time.
Raven sat back in his seat, his eyes vacant as he glimpsed distant vistas of memory in time or space as his mind roved back over the years, said he at last, “many a time, we are soldiers fighting the same war after all.  And while they have their ranks amongst themselves, we all serve the same Master; we are brothers-in-arms, comrades, even fellow slaves and servants, so we need not, nay cannot, fall down in terror or adulation at their feet, no matter how powerful or glorious they might seem, but every courtesy and respect is certainly due them, as it is to every sentient, created being with whom we interact, even our greatest enemies.”
“Can they See us?” queried Tristan, his eyes alight with all the strangenesses and revelations of the day, delighted that Raven was finally loosing his tongue after five years of secrets and mysteries!
“I don’t know about the servants of God,” mused Raven, “but I know to the forces of evil, unless we have unveiled ourselves that we might See, to them we appear no different than any other mortal man.”
“And the horses?” asked Megan, having found just such a fantastic beast in her garage that morning.
Raven laughed heartily at this, knowing how much every little girl, no matter her age, wanted a pony for Christmas, “a gift from our Master, there’s a passage in Revelation about it but happily we don’t have to wait until the Day to get our own, as the creatures are very useful in our many and varied missions.  Mortal men and our enemies can’t see them, and when we are astride the beasts they appear as bicycles, motorbikes, or even common horses, depending on the situation.  The only exception is when we can See, so can our mounts likewise be Seen, if we’re astride them that is.”
“I’m glad we’re beyond death,” grinned Tristan, exchanging ecstatic smiles with his neophyte comrades, “else my head might explode or I’d go mad, and this is just the first taste of this bizarre and wonderful world we’ve entered!”
“That it is lad,” beamed Raven, slapping the boy encouragingly on the back, asking archly, “how is it you’ve survived this long in ignorance?”  He could only shrug and smile in rueful wonder, at which they all laughed.  They talked a little more of other things but felt at last that it was time to go home.  Raven vanished quite literally into the night whilst Megan smiled grimly in parting at the newlyweds, as she went home to see what her own fictitious hubby had accomplished that day, perhaps there’d even be a top secret casserole in the oven!
But there wasn’t nor was said hubby in even remotely a good mood, having had no sleep and no success in the past twenty four hours.  He spitted Agent Hall with a grim stare and demanded, “where have you been?  Fraternizing with your traitorous friends no doubt?  What have you to say about this?”  He showed her the results of their codebreaking efforts thus far, having secured the recipe and the only cookbook they could find in that derelict house, but making no further progress thereupon.
Smiled Megan blithely, “that’s all there is to it I’m afraid, but it was a top secret family recipe and it would be a travesty if it was leaked to the world, that’s something, right?”
“The old fox is playing games and I don’t like it,” snarled Sullivan, “he’s wasting Agency time and resources, I’m going to bring him in for questioning!”
“You’d be better off investigating that little enterprise taking shape downtown in the old hotel,” said Raven, suddenly present in the room with them.  Sullivan started but Megan merely blinked before smiling in welcome.
“Is that what you are up to?” growled Sullivan, grim as a man with toothache at having been taken by surprise, how did the fellow sneak in so quietly, he must be a fox in truth!  “Leave it alone if you know what’s good for you.  That little project is no concern of yours or anyone else but know it has the blessing and involvement of more federal agencies, departments, and subdivisions than you can name, half of which aren’t supposed to exist.”
“The government is supporting this endeavor?” said Megan aghast, but Raven’s grim smile said this was a tale as old as Babel and she shouldn’t be surprised thereat, she blushed prettily and dropped her abashed gaze to the floor.
Sullivan ignored her but scowled, “of course, and as an agent thereof yourself, Hall, you should be doing everything you can to do just that yourself!”
Megan quickly recovered herself, and crossing her arms, said firmly, “that I cannot do.”
“Then I have no choice but to send you back to the Agency,” snapped Sullivan, but at the grim set of her jaw, he knew she wouldn’t be taking any orders from him or anyone else, the old fox had corrupted her thoroughly.  Said he, slowly and very obviously drawing his gun and getting it ready to fire, giving them both a chance to reconsider, “I’m authorized to deal with this as I must.  I’ve tried to be patient and gain your cooperation, but you force my hand.”  He raised the weapon and pointed it at Megan, but neither of his companions so much as flinched, rather Raven just smiled wryly and Megan merely blinked in wonder at his temerity but in no fear of her life.
Chuckled Raven genially as the man’s aim slumped in surprised dejection, “did I not tell you your suave little handler has already killed the poor girl?  Do you think you can do it again with any lasting effects?  Our Master holds the keys of death and gives life indeed!”
“Who is your Master?” asked the man wanly, the gun thudding to the floor from his now lifeless hand as he slumped into the nearest chair, suddenly an invertebrate from shock.
    

6

They tried to explain things to him, but the poor man was so exhausted and overwrought, all they could do was encourage him to lie down on the sofa and rest.  The pair exchanged a sad smile as Raven vanished anew and Megan went to bed like the good little mortal she appeared.  The next morning found Sullivan blinking in confusion at the comfortable but cramped living room where he had awakened, his gun still lying where it had fallen last night, proclaiming it hadn’t been a wretched dream.
Megan came in from the kitchen with a steaming mug of coffee, saying brightly, “I’m off but you’re welcome to come with if you want to keep a closer eye on me and my strange friends?”
“What dastardly scheme are you about?” demanded he, but taking the coffee as if it was fresh water given to a man long adrift at sea.
“We’re setting a dumpy old house to rights,” smiled she, “destroying the work of five long years of bachelorhood!”
His eyebrows rose as he asked, “and how does that benefit your schemes?”
She shrugged and laughed like a sprite on holiday, “I have no idea but it is the right thing to do and do it we must!”  She skipped out of the house, hopped on her bike, at least to his perception, and was swiftly lost to sight, leaving agent Sullivan to sit on the couch and drink his coffee and ponder all the mysteries of life, the universe, and everything in and beyond it.
Megan parked the horse out front and jogged jubilantly up the steps and into the house, eager to have her part in restoring the derelict house, which had long groaned, like creation itself, for the final revelation of the sons of God, or in this case His daughters with mops.  Aunt and mother had made some serious inroads the previous evening and there was Doctor Bob with his toolbox bright and early.  Even Pastor Pots and some of the church people showed up to help later in the morning.  Aunt Phyllis was forced to give up cleaning and instead went home to start making food for all the volunteers, even her beloved tuna hotdish, little knowing the secret had been betrayed by one of the very people set to enjoy it!
Agent Sullivan showed up in the middle of the afternoon, his countenance grim and determined, eliciting a heavy sigh from Megan, as she glimpsed him coming up the drive.  Said Raven gently, “it’s his decision to make, lass, and oftentimes we proud mortals choose poorly indeed, but he’s not beyond hope, not while life lasts.”  She smiled sadly at him in thanks before trotting down to meet him, everyone stopping their work to curiously watch the newcomer and tragic romantic as they thought him.  The pair talked for a few minutes but he stormed off in a huff, whereat everyone was suddenly busy about their own seemingly uninterrupted tasks, Megan smiling grimly as she marched back to her own, knowing full well what the others had been about and what they must be thinking.  Raven merely shook his head and smiled in commiseration but said nothing as they both got busy once more.
By suppertime, the old house was as splendid and cheerful as it had been the day of the accident that had spelled the doom of the previous occupants, Tristan could not look around without a wistful tear in his eyes and joy in his voice as he thanked everyone for all their help and support, not only with the house but through all the intervening years.  Everybody went home after supper, except Gwen’s relations and their usual little quartet, who shared a happy half hour reviewing the fun and kindnesses of the day, before the elder ladies went home well content and the others hastened off to class and ice cream thereafter.
Agent Sullivan was ready and waiting at the rec center, arriving a full half hour before any of the other students and even the instructor, said he, not caring if Raven’s companions heard him or not but careful that no unwary passersby did, “I will get to the bottom of this, you old fox!  Have no doubt of that!  And I am fully authorized to deal with whomever, however I must!  We have ways of dealing with people of an uncanny nature, what else would you expect from our non-existent department?”
“I doubt it,” smiled Raven brightly, “but it is your time to waste and I do hope you get to the very bottom of our little conspiracy, for it was shocking in the days He walked the earth and has been talked about in scandalized tones ever since, making empires tremble and shaking all the powers-that-will-ever-be or ever have been.  May you find the way, the truth, and the life indeed!”
“So much codswallop,” growled Sullivan, “but come old man, let’s see how well you can fight!”
“A duel,” grinned Raven in anticipation, “why not?  Hand to hand, swords, what is your pleasure?”
Taken rather aback at his foe’s eager reception of his threat, the stymied agent stuttered, “hand to hand, I’m not skilled in archaic weapons.”
Raven nodded and led the way into the rec center while Megan caught his eye and nodded, she’d keep the other students out until the matter was resolved one way or another, Tristan and Gwen hurried in to watch.  The pair squared off, Raven obviously being gentle with his opponent but Agent Sullivan fighting with deadly intensity, and as he began to lose badly to his continuously grinning foe, he fought all the fiercer.  It was exhaustion that finally brought the determined agent to his knees and the fight to a close, only slightly bruised by the experience, whereas his foe should have been a bloody pulp on the floor, if he wasn’t so quick with his reflexes and able to block or avoid most of the agent’s attacks.
Megan hastened up, the closest thing the poor man had to a friend in the whole state, and helped him to his feet and off to a place where he could rest and recover his dignity, he didn’t resist but glared at both Raven and Megan the whole way.  The other students filed in and took their places and began working out as usual.  Growled Sullivan to Megan as she left to take over the instruction of the beginner’s class, “I’ll get that old fox yet!”
Megan shook her head gravely and cautioned, “can’t you understand we aren’t your enemies?  Nor is there a thing you can do to stop us!”
“I will,” snarled he, “if it is the last thing I do!”  Megan shook her head, her eyes grave, before dashing off to her place, but she didn’t leave Sullivan alone, for a suave voice and equally dapper man sidled up to him, saying as the girl ran off, “perhaps I could be of help to a man with such fervent and dire sentiments?”  Sullivan’s smile would have horrified his poor ersatz wife, but happily she was spared the sight but it delighted his villainous companion no end, recovering his breath, the agent and Shadow Man vanished companionably into the night.

“I’d better call into the Agency and see what’s going on,” said Megan as they attacked their ice cream that evening, “I may be officially a menace to or barred therefrom but then again I may still be in good standing.”
“A good idea,” agreed Raven, taking a bite of fudge-laden goodness, “especially as your current partner is now allying himself with our resident Shadow Man.”
“I thought I saw him come in the side door,” sighed Megan grimly, “but as he seemed to hold the whole enterprise, particularly the man behind it, in such high esteem, it is no surprise.”
“I thought the FIA and all such entities weren’t supposed to be in bed with external powers?” frowned Tristan in confusion.
“In theory, you’re right,” smiled Raven wryly at the boy’s naivete, “but in reality that’s not how things work.  Very few politicians or political or bureaucratic entities can long remain objective and maintain their integrity in the face of such temptation and overwhelming pressure without something stronger to fall back upon than their own corruptible will and meager strength.”
“The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak, eh?” nodded Tristan grimly before smiling ruefully at his own oversight, at which they all joined in most heartily.
“I’ll do it right now,” said Megan, once they had resumed some semblance of sanity, taking out her cell phone and going through all the procedures, channels, and checkpoints to make sure she was who she said she was.  “Yes, right, I understand, I see…” continued she for several minutes as the supervisor on the other end detailed what had been reported thus far.  At last she hung up and looked bleakly at her friends, “I’m supposed to report immediately to headquarters for debriefing and they are going to be sending a team to make sure whatever conspiracy you lot are hatching doesn’t interfere with the grand schemes of our resident renovator.”
“And what are you going to do?” asked Tristan in wonder, never having gotten over that he was friends with a real spy, quite overlooking the fact that that was probably the best mortal description of his own curious occupation, but instead of having lots of nifty devices and technology, rather his own person was well equipped to deal with almost any eventuality that might be required of him.
“I’m going to church,” said she with a solemn nod, unable to keep from deteriorating into laughter with all her friends, despite her best intentions to the contrary.

So it was the unhappy non-couple presented themselves in church the following morning, all eyes studiously not looking at them but all attention thereupon.  Sullivan had been tasked with keeping the Shadow Man, Mr. Cool as he styled himself, apprised of the movements and aspirations of the little conspiracy while Megan hoped desperately the poor man might at last see and embrace the truth of the matter, but his cold dispassionate reception of herself and all comers boded ill for her aspirations thereof.  He sat in their chosen pew, cold and aloof, while she excused herself for a moment, wanting to talk with some of the regulars, particularly her three friends, especially Raven, but not finding him about, at least in a visible manner, she vanished into the ladies’ room to vanish indeed.
Raven wasn’t lurking about unseen either, but it was a curious study and she indulged herself therein for a few moments before regaining visibility, exchanging greetings with all and sundry and then regaining her place beside her so-called spouse, musing upon what she had Seen.  Agent Sullivan was no longer just a grey, drab little man with splashes of colorful emotion occasional washing through his otherwise monchromatic person, rather there was an aura of darkness pulsing at his very heart, small as it was, it was an evil tumor that could quickly spread, metastasizing into the core of his very soul, utterly corrupting and thus eventually damning the wretched man.  Some of the churchgoers were equally drab and colorless as Sullivan had previously been, but most of them throbbed with an unearthly light, very much like the radiance that now composed her own being, in some it was just a dim flicker, but others blazed like the sun at noonday.  More eager than ever to talk to Raven about what it all meant, the piano summoned her to her place as the service began.

Raven wasn’t in church as was usually his wont of a Sunday morning, or at least not in the little Community Church of long habit, but rather he was at the Lutheran Church, not exactly sure why, but knowing it must be so.  This particular denomination at that particular time was having something of an identity crisis, trying to determine what it believed and didn’t, but located in a rather traditional and culturally conservative section of the country, this particular church was mainly just a distant spectator in the dispute, letting the denomination as a whole settle the matter before it would take it up as a congregation, but Raven was even less concerned over the matter than the indifferent congregants around him, knowing people had been disagreeing over everything, particularly the Truth, since the Fall of Eden.  And while particular ideologies and denominations, even cultures and countries rose and fell, changed or failed, it wasn’t of much concern to someone beyond time and its foibles.
The Truth never changed nor did its servants, at least those beyond the fickleness of mortality, struggle with the tenets thereof, one either accepted them in their entirety or one did not, thus accepting the resulting consequences thereof.  He wasn’t there to argue about music or carpet color or the politics of the day or the denominational kerfuffle then in progress, his job was to obey his Master and point the way into the Kingdom of God, to all people, whether they wanted him to or not.  He nodded gravely to several of the town elders and some of its most active and outgoing citizens as he took his seat, listening vaguely to the organ with half his mind while surveying the crowd intently, still not knowing why he was there.
The service progressed as it did every Sunday, but just before the benediction, the pastor stood smiling at the front and said eagerly, “we’ll dismiss in a moment for those of you who need to get home for the big game,” there was some polite laughter at this, as the man continued, “but if you can wait a few minutes, I’d be most delighted for you to hear a little announcement from the man who is renovating the old hotel and what he hopes to do for our community.”  There were many eager murmurs at this, but as the reverend began the benediction, silence enveloped the congregation.  A few scattered individuals excused themselves awkwardly but most everyone else sat up in their seats, looking eagerly towards the front and Mr. Cool as he confidently took his place with a smile out of the free bin at a rummage sale.
He made a few bland but appropriate opening remarks that passed as witty if one didn’t look past the thin veneer of suavity enveloping the man and his words, Raven wasn’t impressed but most of the well-intentioned church goers didn’t seem to mind.  Continued Mr. Cool after the vapid pleasantries, “I know more than one of you ladies has a roast in the oven and you men will be wanting to see how your favorite team is doing, so I won’t keep you long, but I just wanted to thank you so much for welcoming me and my little venture into your community.  And I wanted to tell you that in the coming days I’ll need your help as we make my dream a reality.  We’re going to put Podunk on the map!  This charming little town will no longer be ‘fly-over country’ but a destination!”  He made a few closing remarks and sauntered out as quickly as he had come in, leaving the eager parishioners to discuss what it might mean amongst themselves.  Raven finally knew why he was here!
The boisterous lady beside him, Mrs. Margaret Gwinn, a cheerful woman in her middle years, recently divorced as her husband had taken off for California with a girl half his age, said with intrigue alive in her voice, “what do you think he means?”
“I’m not sure I’m as excited about his dreams for this community as he is,” said Raven gravely, “how do we know what he’s really up to and if it is really in the best interests of the community?”  She was rather shocked at this, but after thinking it over for a moment, a concerned light in her eyes, as she turned to her other neighbor to discuss just that.  Raven stayed for over an hour speaking with whom he would, the whole church vigorously discussing both sides of the idea, nobody quite sure what to make of it.
He and Megan were invited to dinner at Phyllis’s house after church and of course the newlyweds were there.  Raven admitted to having gone to church elsewhere that morning, much antagonizing poor Phyllis, who couldn’t imagine what sort of theology he must entertain by visiting them!  He only smiled infuriatingly at her and resumed his enjoyment of her famous pie, which went far in salving her injured ego as she sauntered off to the kitchen to begin washing up with her niece, leaving the four alone, the ersatz Mr. Hall having gone over to the hotel right after church, leaving his non-wife to do as she pleased.
Megan mentioned her skulking about before church and asked Raven to explain all she had Seen, but he merely shook his head and smiled at her as he had done at Aunt Phyllis and took another bite of pie.  Tristan sighed in feigned dismay, “get used to that look, he’s never going to tell you because he is certain you have enough data and brains to figure it out for yourself.”  At which the neophytes all shared a knowing smile and finished their own pie.
Raven wiped the cherry residue from his mouth and grinned, but then sobering told of the reason for his ecumenical adventures, the others nodding their understanding but not surprised in the least, though certainly curious to know what Mr. Cool meant by asking for community support and involvement in the days to come.  Came a rather unexpected but not unwelcome voice, as Aunt Phyllis came in to clear the dessert plates, “it wouldn’t surprise me if he was going to reopen the brothel!  Maggie Goldson called as soon as she got home from church and said that wretched man made such a vague and eager announcement right after service today, even if she is a Lutheran, she is my best friend.”  She eyed Raven suspiciously but he heroically maintained an expression of benign neutrality, as the Phyllis continued, “no matter what the community propaganda says to the contrary, I used to work in the library, particularly with the old town records and newspapers, there’s no question what it was historically and what he wants to reopen it as, save with a veneer of coolness that I just don’t understand!”  She swept back into the kitchen with her dishes and theories before anyone could do anything but exchange an intrigued look.

There was no practice on Sunday nights, so they spent the afternoon playing cards and scrabble with Gwen’s family, were invited to stay for supper, and spent a most enjoyable evening talking about everything and nothing, but as the world outside the windows fell into darkness, everyone’s thoughts turned homeward.  After a long goodbye, as if they wouldn’t see one another again for a year, rather than a day or two, the four started to amble home, when Megan paused and said grimly, “I’m a little jealous!  You three get to go home to your fellowship and scheming but I have an acolyte of evil posing as my lovelorn husband awaiting me!”
“Who goes home?” queried Raven with a laugh, as he disappeared entirely for his nightly stalk around town.
Tristan laughed brightly, “you’re more than welcome to bunk with us, but isn’t there more to your situation than maintaining appearances?”
“Quite,” grinned Megan ruefully, “I believe I am supposed to be a good influence on the poor man, tossing him a rope as he descends willingly into the mire of evil, whether he decides to grab it or not, I must be there to see that he has that chance.”
“Why don’t we come visit you as often as we can?” added Gwen with a bright smile, “It isn’t as if we have all these fantastic conversations when you aren’t there, Raven’s hardly ever home, we mostly we just go to bed and eat breakfast.”
“And wash the dishes,” sighed Tristan heavily, as if it was an onerous task indeed, at which both girls laughed heartily.
“I like it,” grinned Megan, “you two will officially make a nuisance of yourselves at my place whenever it is most inconvenient to yourselves.”  With this mutually agreed upon scheme, they parted ways and meandered their way to their respective homes.
Megan found Agent Sullivan on his computer when she got home, at which he was staring so intently, and as she was currently invisible and stalked into the room as silently as a hunting cat, he didn’t even know she was there, that she supposed he must be playing some sort of game or staring at the modern variant of what used to haunt that horrid old hotel, and he lectured her for wasting Agency resources!  But as she stood behind him and actually looked at the screen, a grim smile graced her face.  Unveiling herself, though still invisible, she hastened outside in search of Raven, gleaming like a lighthouse on a distant shore, hopeful such a display would soon attract his attention.
  She found him at the south entrance to the park, where two men were standing, apparently deep in conversation, which startled her exceedingly as the second person could most definitely see her and was in nowise human, though Raven stood there in quite a visible fashion chatting with the fellow as if they were old friends.  He could not see her however, but his friend’s wry smile and keen interest in the sight certainly alerted him to her presence.  Draping herself again in mortality and visibility, he smiled his irksome, seemingly all-knowing smile at her, while the other person, now a common sort of man, watched her approach with interest.
“What on earth has you so unsettled that you’d advertise your presence all over town, lass?” queried he, his grin at its worst.  She blinked in confusion at his friend, but he only shrugged and looked expectantly at her.  She quickly told of what she had witnessed and her surmises thereupon.  He smiled ruefully at himself but nodded in approbation, “good job!  That’s how I discovered Aunt Phyllis’s prized secret, though I believe your discovery will be far more useful, at least in our little predicament, can you get back on the website?”  At her nod he smiled contentedly and then said teasingly, his eyes twinkling like stars, “and I suppose you are curious as to my companion here?”
She nodded eagerly and both men smiled the more at her but remained vexingly silent, but at last Raven asked, bland as tepid water, “what do you think of him?”
“I can’t believe I’m saying this,” began she, their grins growing worse by the moment, “but if I’m not seeing things, I suppose he must be some sort of elvish person?”
He bowed grandly to her as if someone out of a fairytale, but then he was!, and she did her best to mimic the curtsies she remembered from all those period dramas she had loved in her previous life, awkward as it was, he seemed well pleased with her efforts.  She smiled brightly at him but then turned her keen and now predacious eyes upon Raven, “elves?!”
“Why not?” shrugged Raven, unabashedly enjoying her consternation, “The idea had to come from somewhere, why not the real thing?”
“I hope his name is at least pronounceable,” said she, unable to ward off an acute case of mirth, contagious as it was in their current company.
“Ralph, Megan, Megan, Ralph,” introduced Raven in lieu of a reply.  They bowed/curtsied again.
Megan’s jaw dropped mid-courtesy as she asked archly, “Ralph?!”
The elf shrugged, “in my own tongue it sounds far more elegant and fitting but one must blend in with the modern world if one is to have dealings with it.”
“Quite,” smiled Megan, “I know a little of such things, but never have I tried to infiltrate a different culture entirely!”  She frowned pensively and asked, “what is an elf doing in such a dull place as North Dakota?”
“What are you doing here, milady?” retorted he, “I believe we both have our reasons, some even we ourselves are unaware of.”
“At least I know where you picked up all that lass and milady jargon!” triumphed she to Raven.
But he shook his head as if an exasperated parent but replied patiently, with only the slightest hint of a knowing smile to vex her, “perhaps in part, but I would not be surprised to discover that my childhood in Scotland, before the Great War, had something to do with the affectation as well.”
“I’ll leave it to your biographer to discover the nuances then,” sighed she, looking expectantly towards the pair, as if in anticipation of them actually telling her something interesting.
Said Raven genially, “I suppose we ought to be civilized and invite you to join us somewhere for a long and enlightening conversation?”  He looked questioningly at both, the elf shrugged and the girl nodded emphatically, “very well,” continued he, “we’d best go to my house as it would not be entirely fair to leave the others out of this.”  They shared a conspiratorial smile and headed home, all eager to see what the newlyweds would think of the stranger’s unique heritage, at least amongst their previous acquaintance.
Gwen and Tristan were still awake, talking over the day’s revelations in the tiny living room, their eyes alight with interest to see not only Raven but Megan and a stranger accompanying him.  Introductions were made all around before Ralph vanished into the kitchen to make what Raven jokingly called ‘elf coffee,’ said he with a laugh, “and happily you are each now possessed of a constitution strong enough to stomach the stuff!”  
As their laughter quieted, Tristan blurted out, “elves are real?!”
Raven shook his head in wonder, “what have I failed to teach you these many years my boy?  There are many things that are real, some more real than any mortal man that prides himself a judge of such, that most people believe to be legend, a gorgeous lie, or just hearsay.  Many laugh at your faith likewise!  And what of our strange occupation?  The foolish things of the world, the things that are not!”
“Fine,” sighed Tristan, in nowise chastened, just a little rueful that he hadn’t anticipated such a possibility, whereat they all laughed, even the boy himself.
Ralph then returned with a tray full of steaming mugs, the neophytes looking at theirs with a combination of intrigue and concern filling their eyes, at which their elders laughed and boldly sipped from their own cups, watching keenly over the rim as the youngsters did likewise.  Having survived the first sip, each then drank at their leisure, finding the concoction tingled their very toes and had an earthy taste that was in nowise unpleasant.  Quipped Tristan, ever the rogue, “I’m not going to grow a foot overnight and find myself with curly hair am I?”
“Perhaps this was an inspiration for the so-called ‘ent-draught’ out of a certain modern fairytale,” mused Ralph, “but I do not think it will have any effect on your physical forms.”
Gwen smiled archly, “if death is a mere inconvenience, what is elvish coffee?”  They all mimicked her mad smile, but were too eager to hear more about elves and other possible fairy races to long indulge themselves therein, but first Raven apprised them of Megan’s discovery.  Business settled, it was time to indulge themselves in a real fairy tale.
Ralph began a history of his people and ended with a brief tale recounting his own adventures with Raven, much intriguing his listeners, eliciting more questions than he answered, reminding them again of how broad, mysterious, and wonderful was this world they were only beginning to discover, which was nothing compared to the wonders of eternity waiting beyond the created reality with which they were barely familiar!  No doubt their heads would explode if ever they tried to wrap their minds around so much at once, thus the necessity of this gradual revelation.
The Lord God created man at the beginning and put him in the Garden of Eden to keep and to tend it, but he failed in this simple task and was thus banished from paradise and the world cursed for his sake.  Apparently there were other races and peoples scattered across the face of the earth, but all had to deal with the consequences of man’s sin even if they themselves had never Fallen.  After the Flood, when the various other races had been spared each in their own peculiar way, when Man began to flourish and spread abroad over the face of the whole earth, the various fairy races were allowed to vanish entirely from man’s perception or were able to blend in therewith, the only traces of their existence being myths, legends, and fairytales passed on from of old, save to those that could truly See.
Raven had stumbled upon the elf one night at a tavern somewhere in Europe during the Great War, Ralph being something of a scout for his own folk, keeping an eye on the ever evolving conflict as it swept across the globe like a pandemic, engulfing more than just mankind in its madness.  They had struck up a friendship and the elf had accompanied the boy back to his unit, actually following them into action, posing as a war correspondent for some nonexistent periodical.  He was there when the youth fell in combat, amid the chaos, panic, and terror of the fight, Ralph felt he must remain with the remains of what had once been his friend, and even as the boy’s company and the enemy both withdrew as darkness gathered about them, the boy gasped back to waking life amid the eerily peaceful twilight, now a soldier in a far broader and older war.
Asked Gwen curiously, “can you die like moral men?  Wasn’t it dangerous to follow a mortal man into combat?”
Ralph shrugged, “we can be killed certainly, but never having Fallen as a race, though there are individuals who choose unwisely, we are technically immortal and do not die of disease or old age, but despite the risks, I knew what I must do and to that I was faithful.”  He shared a grin with his friend and added, “and it has been one intriguing adventure ever since.”
“How many sentient races are there?” asked Tristan in wonder, “And how do they fit into all of this?”
Raven shook his head again in feigned exasperation, saying blithely, “lad, how can you embarrass me so with your ignorance?!  There are far more races than even our dear elf here can count or name, let alone know the full history thereof.  Each is as unique in itself as an individual man can be, each with its own distinctive tale, personality, and future.”
“Things unseen indeed!” whistled Tristan in astonishment, but not unenthusiastically.
“What is your part in all this?” asked Megan, “Do you just follow Raven around the world and share his adventures?”
“My story is as strange and sometimes tedious as your own, my friends,” began he, “save far longer, at least thus far, but what is that in the eyes of eternity?  I go where He sends me and try to accomplish there what I must, happily I often find myself in the company of friends, sometimes old, often new.”  He smiled brightly upon them all, catching each intrigued gaze with his own keen eyes.
“But elves don’t really live in such a dull place as North Dakota?” protested Megan, unable to comprehend the very idea, hardly imagining she could accomplish such a feat herself, at least prior to doing just that.
The old friends exchanged a merry look and great laugh thereat, but replied the elf patiently, “needs must, my dear!  As you currently find yourself, so too do I!”  They all laughed quite thoroughly at themselves over their previous suppositions before Ralph continued, “besides, it is not myself that is the interesting one, but rather you lot, after all, an elf is rather an unexciting creature, but a man who is not mortal?  Curious and rare indeed!”
“I don’t see that we’re so very uncommon,” replied Tristan dryly, glancing around the room significantly, again betraying his utter lack of worldly experience.
“You must trust my far wider experience in this, my friend,” replied the elf gently, sparing Tristan yet another lecture from his wryly grinning mentor, “I have seen much of the world and have lived many years, but I have met only a dozen Lightwalkers, at least that I am aware of, including you four.”
The three youths exchanged a delighted and triumphant look to at last hear the name of their service, at least what it was called amongst the elves, at which Ralph eyed his friend in a most astonished manner, “you have not yet told them the name of their occupation?  No wonder the boy betrays such ignorance!”
Raven shrugged uneasily, but said with a chuckle, “I was getting there, but how does one maintain the mysterious mentor façade if he tells all his secrets at once, besides, they’ve been pestering me for details about everything but, none have even bothered to ask!”
“Quite?!” said Tristan in surprise, “Five years in this service and I never thought to ask,” he skewered said mentor with a scandalized look, “but then I figured he’d never tell me if I did so I didn’t bother!”
“I fear you have taken your mystical and mysterious role as mentor a tad too far, my friend,” laughed Ralph, the others joining merrily therein.


7

When Megan finally returned home, the sun was on the rise and Sullivan with it, grated he as she came in the front door, “where have you been?  I heard you’ve been ordered back to headquarters and here I hoped you were long gone!”
“I’m not going back,” said she grimly, “my quest is here and here I’ll stay.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” said another voice from behind, as a man pushed Megan into the house, the man following closely, along with five other individuals, shutting the door firmly behind the last man.  Continued he, “I have orders to debrief you here if you won’t cooperate, and you won’t find that a pleasant experience, not in the least!”
She smiled grimly, a rebellious sparkle in her eyes, “what do you think you can do to me?”  She heard half a dozen guns pulled forth and cocked all at once but smiled all the more.
“You will standdown and cooperate or I will act as I must,” ordered the man who had pushed her into the house.
“No,” said she, but instead of making a run for it, she merely vanished from casual sight, the agents too shocked to fire, or maybe afraid of hitting someone they shouldn’t in such a tightly packed group.
The leader of the newcomers said in horror to Sullivan, “what just happened?!”
“Just remember what department you work for,” smiled he in grim amusement, “it won’t make a whole lot of sense but at least you won’t be surprised thereby.  Let’s get to work, forget her for the moment, she’s merely a nuisance and nothing more.”
“Won’t she betray us?” frowned the stymied agent.
Sullivan laughed grimly, “our boss already knows all about these annoying ghosts and little fears them, and neither should we.  Anything new from the Agency?”  The newcomers exchanged a wondering glance, but well used to the bizarre and peculiar in this line of work, immediately forgot Megan’s antics and settled down to business while Megan stood unseen in a corner to watch and listen, spying on the spies!

He glanced about curiously, noting every minor detail that most everyone else took for granted but so unobtrusively that no one who saw him could remember aught about him when questioned afterwards.  He sat on a bench reading a newspaper in the shade of a great tree on the edge of the park, across the street was an old building in the middle of a busy renovation project.  He noted who went in and came out and when they did so.  He watched all the material brought in and taken out.  He could tell you how many cigarettes a certain workman had smoked that day and of what particular brand.  But no one could tell you a thing about the man himself, save he wore a brown jacket, had brownish hair, and wore sunglasses of no particular brand, that and he had somehow spent a whole day reading the Podunk Chronicle, a weekly paper composed mostly of school sports and activities, recipes, a few lengthy obituaries, several strongly worded opinion pieces to the editor about minor community fiascos no one else had thought about in a decade, and a full page ad for the local liquor store, which was a curious feat indeed!

Raven stood at Tristan’s shoulder as he fired up the laptop computer Gwen had left for their use, the technician from the phone company had assured them they now had internet access and it was only a matter of hopping on and accessing the world wide web.  “I’m still not sure I like these newfangled inventions,” grated Raven impatiently, earning a quizzical look from Tristan, who had never known life without such things, and a bright laugh from Ralph who remembered life before indoor plumbing, at least amongst humankind.
But in a few minutes, the magic that was the internet was beamed into their shabby living room, awaiting their pleasure, like some magic carpet out of the old tales, ready to bear them anywhere their hearts might desire.  “Type in the address Megan gave us,” ordered Raven grimly, as if a commander of men he was ordering to their deaths on a hopeless but necessary expedition, eliciting a bright chuckle from the elf, who knew how uneasy this sort of thing made his friend and that that unease was the very thing making him grave as death at the moment.
“What is the matter Raven?” asked Tristan lightly, not knowing his friend from of old but knowing him long enough to know his current mood was not usual for the poor man.
Replied Ralph kindly, allowing Raven to bow out of the awkward conversation, “this just isn’t his thing.  He doesn’t mind walking through walls or thwarting time and death but faulty information available at the touch of a button makes him a little nervous.”
“I understand none of this,” laughed Tristan, “but I will take care of all the troubling little technological details if it will put you at ease, my friend?”  Adding wryly, “I suppose we should just be glad you were born after fire was invented!”
“Thanks, I think,” smiled Raven at last, grim and wan though it be, “you see what you can find whilst I go reconnoiter with Megan, she’s been gone awhile.”  With that he simply vanished but nobody found that the least bit interesting or weird, but in their line of work, it wasn’t, Megan’s website on the other hand, certainly was.

Raven walked easily through the wall of Megan’s house, not wanting to disturb the occupants by opening a door or crawling through a window, but as he was invisible, she couldn’t see him and with all those strangers in her living room, he had little doubt she was too.  Reluctantly unveiling himself, for who knew what or who was in that huddle of half a dozen men, he saw her immediately, though he was still invisible to her as she was still safely veiled and thus could not See.  None of the strangers looked up in astonishment at the phenomenon so he could only assume none of that lot could See either, with a grim smile, he reached out a glowing hand and touched the oblivious girl on the shoulder.  She vanished in an invisible flash before she could even cry out in surprise, Raven following swiftly after, wondering if Tristan had made any progress in his absence, which might not be quite fair as he was probably only gone for a few seconds!
Megan blinked to find herself in Tristan’s living room, but quickly regained visibility as Raven appeared suddenly beside her, grinning like a naughty little kid who just played some joke on his sister.  She smiled blandly at him then turned her attention to Tristan and his magical computing device, recognizing the website Sullivan had been so enamored with.  Said she to Raven, still watching over the boy’s shoulder as he scanned the site, “I’ve been officially ousted from the Agency and that horde of people in my living room is the team they sent out to see what is happening around here.”
“Hear anything interesting?” grinned he.
“No,” replied she, “otherwise I would have told you from the start.”
“A habit you definitely did not learn from Raven,” grinned Tristan at his most impish, but turning the computer towards them, he eagerly said, “but here is certainly something curious.”
The three drew close enough to read the smallest font on the screen, exchanging a grim and curious look amongst themselves as they pondered what it really meant.  Smiled Megan predaciously, “would you like me to apply?”  The others looked at her in surprise and concern, save Raven’s grin was an exact replica of her own.  “Only,” continued she in a suddenly troubled voice, “is there any way to keep everyone from recognizing me?”  As Raven’s smile deepened, so too did hers return with even more vim, Tristan and Ralph exchanged a wondering look, but not uneager in its own right.

During a lull in the morning appointments and surgeries, Doctor Bob plopped himself down in the desk chair as Gwen busied herself filing the patient records, said he, “have you heard the latest gossip concerning that hotel project?”
“I’ve heard a little speculation,” mused she, “but I can’t say I’ve heard anything that is more than mere hearsay.”
Dr. Bob laughed heartily at her polite response, knowing her aunt’s propensity for gossip all too well, but the subject sobered him immediately as he continued, “it’s all over town that this renovation project is actually an attempt to reestablish the legitimacy of the world’s oldest profession in Podunk.”
“I can’t imagine the town council or the mayor or anyone else would approve such a venture?” queried she.
“I don’t know that a majority would stand against it,” said he, grimly pensive, “at least if the proprietor is willing to make it worth their while, and from what I’ve gleaned about the man, he’s certainly willing to do just that.”
“Is there nothing the community can do?” persisted she.
“It’s a private enterprise and if the city, county, and police turn a blind eye,” sighed he, “what can stop it?”
“They’ll certainly put Podunk on the map,” said she, grim as her employer, adding hopefully, “what about the state?”  He could only shake his head in wonder at her naivete, for if the local authorities would do nothing, how much less the state or the feds, at least if Mr. Cool greased all the necessary palms.
After work, Gwen went home to find Megan had vanished entirely from existence but a strange girl had taken her place and was now an inmate of the little house, good thing none of them absolutely required sleep, save Ralph, or they’d have to put in bunkbeds!  “And what shall we call you?” queried Gwen of her disguised friend.
“Meaghan, of course,” grinned the unfamiliar face with its voluminous dark hair and limpid eyes.
Frowned Gwen, “I can understand the facelift with those agents hunting you, but why are you suddenly drop-dead gorgeous and fifteen years younger?”
“I’ve applied for a job at Podunk’s newest attraction,” said she, “wouldn’t you say those were just the characteristics most desirable for the position?” 
“Quite,” agreed Gwen absently, scanning the ad posted on the website, “hopeful modeling prospects?  No prior experience or training preferred; education, housing, travel expenses and everything else provided.”  She smiled grimly and shook her head in wonder, “not bad, except the bad deal those poor girls will walk blindly into, unless…?”  Suddenly she was half a foot taller and strikingly beautiful, just when Tristan walked through the door eager to tell his pseudo-bride that he had spent the day in two places at once, but it seemed she had discovered quite a unique trick of her own!
His jaw dropped as he took in the stunning pair, then laughed outright as he regaled them with both simultaneously attending to his new job and running the computer for Raven that day, at which they gaped themselves before sharing a broad grin all around.  Ralph came in from the kitchen, elvish coffee in hand, smiling knowingly at the antics of the three, as he set down his cup and picked up the computer and began typing as if he knew exactly what he was doing.  Just then Raven happened into the room, and nearly choked on the contents of his own cup, but not from the strength of the beverage, “what are you doing?!” gasped he at the elf, who looked blithely up but kept typing away, “emailing my sister.”
Raven sat down, hard, saying in wonder, “emailing your sister?!” as if he had said taking the bus to the moon.
All four laughed at the stymied man, as the elf replied, “you are the only luddite present my friend!”
“Even Aunt Phyllis emails!” smiled Gwen mischievously, “You can imagine what it does for her gossip-mongering, or rather the church prayer chain!”
“Quite,” sighed he in dismay, as if forced to face a terrible foe he was certain he could never master, “I suppose I must catch up with the times and use all the tools available to us, as is only right in time of war.”
“Now you are speaking sense,” nodded Ralph, clicking send, “and I am eager to know if my sister will help us in this terrible plan.”
“Isn’t this dangerous?” asked Megan, as if she wasn’t going to do just that herself, already taking her resilient nature for granted.
The elf cocked his head and smiled dryly, “was it not dangerous for you?”
“Yes,” mused she, suddenly remembering she had not always been so bulletproof.
“And why aren’t we allowed our chance to do our part as well?” retorted he.
“Point taken,” laughed Megan, “I look forward to meeting her.”
“Anything new at work today?” asked Raven of Tristan, as the others wound down.
“It will be a couple months before the place is habitable,” replied the boy, “Tim isn’t happy to hear the gossip about what people like Aunt Phyllis are saying the place is actually going to be; right now he’s treating it as hearsay but I’m afraid he’ll confront Mr. Cool sooner rather than later.”
“The whole community is starting to stir like a disturbed hill of ants,” added Gwen, “Doctor Bob was even talking about it today.”
“Your father is right about one thing, Gwen,” sighed Raven, “his little enterprise is certainly stirring things up in this sleepy little town!”

The next evening, as Tristan was walking home, he felt strange eyes upon himself, but glancing about, he saw nothing but a non-descript man, who might have been half the guys of his acquaintance, sitting on a bench reading his paper.  He shrugged uncomfortably but chastised himself for being ridiculous and continued on his way, but he had not gone more than a few steps when he again felt like a bug under a magnifying glass, but the gentleman just obliviously read his paper and the boy could only shake his head the more.  He took a few more steps and turned around mid-stride, but still those eyes were fixed on the news, such as it was.  With a frustrated sigh, the boy decided to head home no matter what strange sensations his mind was convinced it felt.
He felt the eerie sensation all the way home, but no matter how he stopped or double checked or spied, he could see nothing.  He went inside and told Raven and Ralph of his strange experience, the pair exchanged an intrigued look before Raven vanished from sight to investigate, while Ralph said cheerily, “my sister is on her way, she’s delighted with the idea and will be on the next bus into town.”
Tristan could not help but grin wryly at the idea of elves riding Greyhound but so it was!  As if reading his mind, Ralph continued with a laugh, “elves don’t have the advantage of horses that can appear to be bicycles, my friend!”
“Needs must,” nodded the boy in understanding, before they both were lost to all hope of sensible comment or conversation for some little time thereafter.

Raven stalked the darkening streets around the house, but saw no one or anything of even the remotest interest, but as he turned to return home, as they had practice that evening, he felt a hand on his shoulder, one with a strength and authority that reduced him to a mere kitten in its grasp.  He was physically turned around, as if a naughty toddler by his insistent mother, to face the owner of the intruding appendage.  He was nothing much to look at, just a bland man in a bland ensemble, save that he was frighteningly strong and could see a man who was invisible to mortal men.  Raven grinned ruefully and asked, “can I help you?”
“Perhaps,” said the fellow calmly, not releasing his grasp on his captive’s shoulder, “who or what are you people?”
“Who or what are you?” retorted Raven calmly.
“Someone with an interest in whatever is going on downtown,” replied the stranger.
“As are we,” agreed Raven, “perhaps we can be of help to one another?”
“It depends what your intentions are,” said the captor.
Raven could not help but bark an awkward laugh, “that we hardly know!  And what of you?”
“I am still in the planning stages,” said he dryly, “as it seems are you.  But I must be certain of your allegiance, this may well be fatal to certain folk, are you sure you won’t be more explicit with me?  I will do what I must to ascertain the truth!”  Raven nodded his understanding as a brilliant light shot from the stranger’s arm into Raven’s shoulder and flared through his entire person, momentarily unveiling his hidden form and allowing him to See his captor likewise, Raven’s knowing smile putting the stranger as much at ease as the revelation of his true form.
“Lightwalker,” said the angelic being in the blandest disguise imaginable, grinned he, releasing his captive, “you may call me Steve.”
“Raven,” said the man, holding out his hand in the fashion of greeting peculiar to certain humans at that place and time.
Steve shook the proffered appendage as formality demanded, then cocked his head, “you have quite a large household, is everyone therein of your persuasion?”
“All but one elf,” grinned Raven, “soon to be joined by his sister.”
“There’s a terrible fiend within,” warned he gravely.
“I know,” shuddered he, explaining all they had seen and done so far.
“And you’re going to have three of your people inside?” queried Steve pensively.
“At least if they can get the job,” said he, “they’ll do everything they can to protect any innocents drawn into the villain’s net.”
“This community is buzzing like a disturbed bee hive,” continued the disguised angel, “I think it will soon become far more exciting than any of the locals will appreciate!”
“Just let us know what to do,” smiled Raven grimly, “and when to do it.”
“I’ll deal with the fiend,” nodded Steve, “you will have to deal with everybody else!”
“You certainly freaked out the boy,” grinned Raven in reply.
“I’ve been keeping a careful watch on all associated with the fell project,” agreed he, “but most mortal folk are oblivious to my presence, the lad’s odd behavior drew me to you.”
“And glad I am of it,” nodded the Lightwalker, “for things are about to get very interesting.”
“They have not been this interesting in an age or two,” agreed Steve in anticipation, of what Raven did not know, but he was happy that smile wasn’t directed at himself!

Gwen and Megan got to practice their ‘being in two places at once’ skills later that week, as both had their usual daytime business to be about but they were also called in for an interview in the supposed city of their respective residence.  Gwen found herself at a posh café somewhere in the Twin Cities metro area while Megan found herself in a coffee shop, rather than a Denny’s, in suburban Denver, though they didn’t serve elvish coffee, a brew she was becoming quite fond of, the regular human selections paled dismally by comparison.
Mr. Cool sat across from his own daughter and knew her not, but he was delighted with her innocence, naivete, and youthful zeal to do something important with her life.  Assured he, after hearing her heartbreaking story of an absent father and a struggling mother and her stunted dreams, which was all quite true, “if you are looking for a family, my dear, then you have found one!  If you are looking for a home, even so!  And as for import, there is nothing more vital, more vibrant, more astonishing than what you will do for humanity through our little organization, and as for your future, it will be bright indeed.”  He held out his hand, “are we agreed?”  She shook it tremulously, wondering what exactly she had just promised to do.  He gave her an address and a date to report for duty, and with his usual insincere suavity, he exited the cafe.  Gwen smiled in a grim sort of anticipation before vanishing discreetly back to Podunk and the far less exciting environs of the local vet clinic!
Megan’s interview was almost exactly the same, save for her tale of disillusionment with her original career aspirations and her shock in discovering the world to be a more wretched place than she had been led to imagine.  Mr. Cool was delighted to offer her succor for her blighted dreams and a place to start over and a chance to so far exceed her previous aspirations that soon she would be forget them entirely.  She wanted to wash after shaking hands with the awful Shadow Man, but smiled her best attempt at an eager smile as he bade her adieu and left the coffee shop.  She smiled grimly and went to find some real coffee!
Ralph’s sister also joined them that week, but had gotten no further than a few steps from the bus stop when Agent Sullivan accosted her, welcoming her to town and offering her ever assistance with her stay.  Was she visiting friends or family?  Did she have a place to stay?  A schedule?  Was she looking for a job?  Quite overwhelmed at his pandering and attention, she said as calmly and gently as she could, not wishing to hurt his feelings as he was only trying to help, she said she was here to visit her brother and while she wasn’t averse to the idea of employment, she really hadn’t thought about it.  He nodded his understanding and gave her a phone number if she changed her mind.  She smiled wanly at him as he hastened off, which turned to a look of pure wonder as a youth suddenly pulled to a stop beside the curb on his motorbike.
“Do you need a ride, milady?” queried Tristan, his boyish grin much endearing the scamp to that noble lady’s heart, and with a laugh added, “I hope you don’t have much luggage!”  She laughed by way of reply and leapt up behind the rascal, little knowing it was a fantastic horse rather than a motorbike, but either way they safely reached their destination and there was Ralph on the veranda, all smile, to greet them.
They exchanged greetings after the manner of their folk, rather elegant and old fashioned to Tristan’s young eyes, but wonderful all the same.  Ralph then introduced the chauffer and ushered Lucy into the house for some real coffee, quite a relief after her long bus ride and having to subsist on the flimsy human attempt to mimic just that.  
Megan appeared with a brilliant flash, smiling in rather a conflicted manner, saying to the inquisitive glances all around, “I got the job, such as it is!”  Then she saw Lucy and hastily added her own greetings and introductions and all that could be offered by way of comfort and service.
The elf girl laughed and said, “you sound just like that man at the bus stop, except by your strange entrance, I know you at least to be sincere!”
“What man at the bus stop?” queried Tristan, “I only saw Agent Sullivan trotting off as I pulled up, what can he have to do with you?”
“He’s been spending a lot of time with the Shadow Man,” said Megan grimly, “and I Saw a seed of darkness already planted in his heart.”
“He’s likely recruiting for that wretched man’s business venture,” said Ralph with a worried glance at his sister, who only shook her head and smiled grimly, “isn’t this why I’ve come?”  At which Megan gave him such a significant look that he could not help but smile wryly and add, “but of course, my dear, we each have our part to do in this peculiar venture, no matter how protective we might feel of one another, we each must do as we ought.”
Asked Tristan of Megan, “if Sullivan is in league with the Shadow Man, what of the rest of the federal agents in town?”
“They’ll do as they’re told,” sniffed Megan in disgust, “for they’ll do what they must to protect such a valuable ‘asset,’ no matter the truth.”
“Tim Melon is going to meet with Mr. Cool tomorrow,” continued Tristan, “he’s had enough of hearsay and wants a straight answer, but he’s been gone all week,” here he glanced significantly at Megan and grinned impishly, “presumably traveling for business.”
“Business indeed,” smiled Raven grimly, suddenly joining them, bowing cordially to the elf maiden and not looking the least silly while doing so, though he was still far more awkward than her brother while learning the not so ancient or honorable art of email and navigating the web, something Ralph seemed to do with ease, but then elves always looked cool and sophisticated doing just about anything, and he began to wonder vaguely if the angels were likewise required to learn modern technology and why was a neophyte Lightwalker blessed with ninja skills but not tech-savvy?  He drew his wandering and wondering mind back from such philosophical ramblings to face the current situation, happily taking a cup of elf coffee and seating himself in the nearest scruffy chair to continue the conversation.


8

“You have done well, Agent Sullivan,” said Mr. Cool smarmily, the man too proud to notice, “and I think it is time you were promoted?”
“Yes,” agreed the man eagerly, “I’m quite eager for it, sir!”
“Excellent,” nodded the Shadow Man, “but you do realize there is no going back?”
“But the power,” quivered the agent in dreadful anticipation, licking his lips as if he could almost taste it, “the power!”
“Then you are ready,” smiled the Shadow, joyous as a death’s head but Sullivan too eager to notice that either.
Later that evening, Sullivan returned to Megan’s house where his agents were waiting, eager to do something besides snoop around town and spy on the house where their targets had gathered.  They stepped back in fear at the aura of power and evil that now seemed to swathe the man like a cloak, but the fervent zeal smoldering in his eyes promised action, and soon!

Tristan vanished from sight and hastened after his retreating boss as Tim Melon went downstairs for his appointment with his own employer, eager to hear the truth of the matter.  The front office had been the priority for the renovation crew and it was already habitable, though not yet complete.  There Mr. Cool sat, as if a King on his throne, awaiting an audience with his meanest peasant, but such was his demeanor towards all mortal swine, at least those he had no need or wish to manipulate or use.  “What can I do for you Mr. Melon?” asked he impatiently.
“I need to know the truth sir,” said the head carpenter, his hat in his hands and anxiously playing therewith.
“What is truth man?” scoffed Cool, “I paid you for a job, what matters town gossip on the matter?  You are investing in the future of your town and enriching yourself thereby, what matters the fine print or my personal aspirations?  Your crew is lewd and crude enough in and of themselves, why are you then free to point fingers at me, even if the gossip be true?”  This silenced the man as nothing else could, his righteous indignation smothered under the taunting name of hypocrite.  He muttered an inaudible answer, smashed his cap back on his head, and stalked off with his proverbial tail between his legs, Mr. Cool smiling in malicious delight after his retreating form.

The whole party was invited over to Phyllis’s for dinner that night, including Ralph and his sister, quite filling the dining room and delighting their hostess thereby, who hadn’t filled the room with company since her husband’s death, as all such family gatherings had since taken place at the home of one or the other of her daughters.
“Did you hear what happened to Tim Melon?” asked Phyllis eagerly of all and sundry as she brought in the potatoes and set them on the table, continuing as she adjusted the spoon, “He couldn’t get a straight answer out of that snake of a Mr. Cool so it must be what we all dread and fear!”  Adding in proud defiance, unwittingly stirring the potatoes more vigorously than they might actually require, “and Margaret and Maggie and I are not going to take this lying down!  We’re going to do everything we can to see that the community does what it ought!”
“It will be an uphill battle,” said Raven gravely, “but that isn’t to say it shouldn’t be done!  Let us know what we can do to help, milady!”  She smiled gratefully at him, before realizing she was holding the potato spoon as if it was a club, and hastily retreated to the kitchen for the meat, hoping no one else had noticed such antics but vaguely wondering if she should resume her sword lessons, it might be helpful in the coming fight!
But first it was a fight with the pen in the local paper, the age-old, threadbare disputes vanishing under the deluge of concern about the looming crisis, either the town would fall victim to debauchery and vice, becoming a miniature version of Vegas or it would dry up and blow away like any other relic of the past that couldn’t evolve to be relevant to the modern world.  It nearly came to blows over darts at the local bar, split up several of the better bowling teams forcing an emergency reorganization thereof, it was discussed mournfully over coffee every morning at the local café, one couldn’t buy groceries or go to church or browse the thrift store without hearing of it, but all to no avail.  As riled as the townspeople were on both sides of the issue, the town council, the mayor, and even the police, both of them, came decisively down on the side of Mr. Cool and his right to do what he wanted with his property, and a little hearsay was simply that, and until they had hard proof, they couldn’t interfere therewith.
Timothy Melon was a conflicted man, Mr. Cool was paying him and his crew very well, and he wasn’t exactly a man who personally confined himself to the straight and narrow, at least as the old lady moralists and those freaks at the Community Church defined it.  And it wasn’t like he was a bad man, there were far worse, which he knew from personal experience.  A man had to make a living, and what of his crew?  They were depending on him too!  But at last his integrity decided him, for he was a man of his word, at least wherein he was professionally concerned, and when he began a job he finished it, and to heck with those old lady moralizers if they couldn’t appreciate it!
Agent Sullivan and his team of federal agents were now working directly for Mr. Cool, spying on the disquiet townsfolk, providing security for his project, and any little personal errands he needed done quietly and efficiently.  It was during that first tumultuous week that Lucy called Mr. Cool, telling him of her meeting with his man at the bus stop and asking after the prospective job.  She was ushered into the half-finished office the next day for her own interview, glancing about curiously, but not without a shudder of dread, feeling some disquiet evil lurking about the place, as if an invisible and unhappy fog.  The interview proceeded as suavely as his nature required, fully satisfied that he had found himself yet another promising prospect, eager to fill the eight upstairs bedrooms by the time the project was completed, he was nearly halfway there!  Lucy tried to look eager as he told her to come back in a month when all would be in readiness, but she could not hide her shudder of dread, which only deepened that slightly villainous smile as he ushered her out.

Gwen was on the phone when a young lady about her own age walked into the waiting area, where Mrs. Gump’s chihuahua barked prissily at her, but she ignored the micro-beast and walked boldly up to the reception desk, waiting patiently as Gwen wrote down the new appointment before directing her attention to the stranger, “can I help you?” asked she cheerily.
“I was wondering if the clinic was hiring?” replied she, “I’m new in town and looking for a job; I’ve always been intrigued by the veterinary profession and this might be my chance to see what it is really like.”
“I’m a stranger myself,” smiled Gwen, introducing herself but saying reluctantly, “there’s only me and Doctor Bob and Mrs. Smythe, who works part-time, but she’s been talking about retiring and moving to Kansas where her son lives, but only Doctor Bob can say yea or nay as far as replacing her.”
“I appreciate it,” said she, introducing herself as Skylar, “should I send in a resume or come back later?”
Gwen glanced at the appointment book and then said, “he’ll have a little time after the next appointment, if you can stick around?”
“Certainly,” said the girl, seating herself on the far side of the room as the old lady and her obnoxious little dog were called into the exam room by Doctor Bob even as his previous client reported to Gwen to settle her bill, cat squirming in one hand and checkbook and pen clutched shakily in the other.
Ten minutes later, drying his hands on a paper towel as he looked over the schedule, Gwen told him of his impending interview, at which he smiled in surprise but asked the young lady to join him in the breakroom, a nook barely big enough to contain an old card table with a couple battered folding chairs around it and a thirty year old coffee maker on the miniscule counter, which was also cluttered with dusty blood tubes, a couple moldering syringes, half a bottle of some liquid medication with no label, and a dozen mugs that hadn’t been washed since the coffee maker was new, no two the same.  Skylar smiled knowingly at the collection before introducing herself and her aspirations to the aging but kindly vet.
Said he after the brief interview, “I can only take you on part time, but as Mrs. Smythe is leaving us, it will be convenient for me!”
“It’s a deal,” agreed she brightly, eyeing the relics on the counter eagerly.
But he shook his head and gravely warned her, “don’t even think about ‘tidying up’ around here, Gwen is bad enough!  But the minute you womenfolk start cleaning, you never stop and I’ll never be able to find anything, so don’t even think about it!”  She shared a genial laugh with him and tried to fight down her innate sense of horror at the ordered chaos and severe wont of dusting of her surroundings, reminding herself that she had at least gotten her foot in the door.
As she left after her successful interview, having promised to start the next day, Gwen asked if she had found a place to live, stopping curiously, Skylar only replied vaguely about a hotel room, but Gwen pressed on and said, “I know my Great Aunt Phyllis would love to rent her spare bedroom, what do you think?”
“Indeed, have I truly found the ‘far land of Spare Oom,’ and does it yet host ‘the bright city of War Drobe?’” quipped Skylar in delight.
“Just don’t accidentally shut yourself inside,” replied Gwen, her eyes sparkling with ill-suppressed mirth at finding a fellow fairytale enthusiast

 The three aging ladies sat in the shade of the great tree on the bench now claimed as their own, thoroughly routing that angelic observer but unwitting of their minor triumph, as they discussed amongst themselves how best to organize a protest.  “I’ve never protested before,” repined Maggie Goldson, as if it was a commonly taught course at a public high school.
“It can’t be too difficult if all those crazy kids can do it,” added Margaret Gwinn solemnly, continuing with an anticipatory grin, “besides it could be fun!”
“Anything is more fun than hanging out with your cat all the time,” said Phyllis wryly, “I’m glad you could join us, dear!”
“Do you think we’ll get to go to jail?” queried Margaret, as if that was the most exciting part.
“If not, we can all take fencing lessons,” laughed Phyllis, telling them of her own adventure therewith and her hope of continuing once other, more pressing matters, abated.
“Just like the three musketeers!” said Maggie in delight, but frowning added, “Though I really didn’t enjoy the books, the movies are much better, sad to say!”
“That is a grim commentary on any form of literature indeed,” agreed Phyllis solemnly, as any former librarian or bibliophile might.
“I can’t believe the city council and the mayor and the police are all for this dreadful enterprise,” bewailed Mrs. Gwinn, refusing to be called such a dreadful thing as Ms.!
“It’s the way of the world, I fear,” said Phyllis grimly.
“Then let’s seek help and guidance from Someone beyond it!” said the sprightly Margaret like a general rallying her troops, as all three began to pray.

“What are those old bags doing?” said Agent the First to Agent the Second, as both hid in the bushes and watched the three elderly protesters through their binoculars.
“I do believe they are praying!” laughed the Second, “They must be desperate or fools indeed, probably both!”
“We came all the way out here for this?” protested the First, “To watch some little old ladies sit on a park bench and beseech the gods for intervention?!”
“No,” grinned the Second in anticipation, “this is only the amateur act that opens for the professionals.  They wouldn’t dispatch a whole team out here for something a summer intern could handle!  Just wait, things are going to get far more interesting and sooner than you think.”  They shared an eager smile and resumed their watching in silence.

“You do know that kid on your renovation crew is one of them, don’t you?” asked Sullivan of Mr. Cool that afternoon.
“Of course, but what are such pathetic ghosts to me?” sneered he, “They are even less a nuisance than those greying hippies and their sit-in across the way!  If you feel you must deal with such pestiferous nothings, feel free, but leave me out of it!”
“I will at that,” smiled Sullivan most cruelly to himself, as if the lovelorn husband had succumbed to despair and his only solace was now revenge.  He sauntered off to round up his own crew for a little odd job of his own derivation.

“Burn the house and shoot anybody who comes out?” asked Agent the First of Sullivan in concern, “Is this sanctioned by the Agency?”  He received a fist in the face for answer, as Sullivan scanned the other tense and uneasy faces, none foolish enough to protest, most innately knowing that if it wasn’t officially sanctioned at the moment, either it would be in retrospect or it would never have officially happened, either way, they were in the clear, at least if they did as they were told and didn’t ask any stupid questions.  Agent the First held his gloved hand to his bleeding nose and wore a surely expression, but he didn’t ask any more dumb questions.  Satisfied, the Shadow Man ordered the charge.
It was the middle of the night and all the suspects had been accounted for, having been seen entering the house and no one having exited since their return from their nightly ice cream run, a ritual now involving the elves, who could honestly say, that unlike coffee, their people had never quite mastered that particular gastronomical phenomenon but they were more than happy to experiment with other cultures and experience their own peculiar triumphs, culinary or otherwise.
Raven sat listening in the darkened living room, his keen hearing easily picking up the intruders gathered around the little house, he didn’t even bother scouting about invisibly, rather the moment he smelled smoke, he dashed upstairs and sent off both of the elves in a brilliant flash, leaving only the Lightwalkers at home to either deal with or perish in the emergency, whichever was most conducive to their plans.
“I’m just getting established in the community,” smiled Gwen, “what’s the point in starting over from scratch or upsetting my relatives in the process?”
Tristan met Raven’s laughing gaze and interpreted, “we’ve been doing just that for nearly a decade, why waste it for this!”
Megan was the last to comment, “I really don’t have much holding me here per say but neither do I see a point in abandoning what little cover story I do possess.”
“So we aren’t any of us going to die either in the conflagration or allow ourselves to be shot as we flee in panic,” nodded Raven, “that only leaves the house, do we save it or not?”
“Where else would we base ourselves out of?” asked Gwen curiously, “Not that I’ll miss this quaint but cramped little dwelling, though they did fix it up rather nicely.”
“How about the apartment over the old theater?” queried Tristan, “It is vacant and for rent and right next door to the hotel, plus it must have at least as much square footage, if not more, and a few extra rooms to boot.”
“I like it,” smiled Raven, “gather whatever should be salvaged and I’ll meet you there in the morning.”  At their perplexed looks, he laughed and added, “this is a perfect time to practice your ‘appearing suddenly whenever and wherever one is needed’ skills.”
Gwen could only smile wryly and quip, “we need a nomenclature officer or someone to work on the technical names of our professional skills.”
“Sadly I’ve heard worse,” sighed Megan in true dread, for some of the acronyms and official titles found in and around her previous profession were atrocious indeed, whereat they all shared a laugh, before gathering up anything needful to their mission and vanishing therewith.  The agents waiting impatiently outside the little house for any refugees waited in vain, and when the fire department and police and ambulance showed up ten minutes later, they declared the house a total loss but happily no one had been within at the time, at which the agents could only exchange grim and confounded looks and slowly slink back into the shadows, lest they be suspected in the suspicious blaze.

Raven appeared on Tim Melon’s doorstep as the man was just coming out that morning, the tall, broad man jumped in surprise to see his visitor but asked curiously, “what can I do for you?”
“Are you still trying to rent the apartment over the theater?” queried he.
“It’s in good shape, just a little dusty is all,” replied Tim eagerly, “but the place is yours if you want it.  Finally getting tired of the newlyweds?”
“No,” smiled Raven keenly, “rather our little house burned to the ground last night.”
“I’m terribly sorry,” gasped Tim in surprise, “I was just heading off to work on the old hotel right next door, I’ll open the place up for you right away and you can wait to pay me until you get everything else settled, I suppose the wiring was wonky, as the old place is nearly eighty years old and has never been renovated?  Is everybody okay?  At least the apartment is furnished if you can’t salvage anything from the fire.”
  “It was a complete loss but nobody was injured,” smiled Raven in seeming relief, “thanks for all your help!”
“No problem,” grinned Tim, striding off and whistling a merry tune, happy to do a good deed to prove himself a good man and hoping to allay his vague sense of moral uneasiness thereby.
He unlocked the place and turned over the keys, it was dusty as promised but otherwise furnished and in good repair, Raven thanked him cordially and awaited the appearance of his minions, not unsurprised to find Aunt Phyllis and Gwen’s mother among them, though they showed up at the door with brooms and dust rags in hand rather than suddenly in a glorious flash as everyone else did.
“Is everything okay honey?” demanded the mother of said daughter, the latter grinning her amusement at the whole wretched business, whereat both of the matrons exchanged a long suffering look and set to work tidying up a bit before they all had to be at their respective posts.
The elves hadn’t even woken up during the fiasco, rather surprised to find themselves in novel surroundings when they awoke in the morning, but well used to strangeness, they ventured forth to see if there was such a thing as real elvish coffee about the place or if they must subsist on the human dregs posing as such.
As Phyllis was neatly folding her dust rag, she said brightly to Gwen in parting, “come to supper tonight dear, your little friend of a boarder is new in town and all alone and could use some decent friends,” she glanced suspiciously around the still rather dusty apartment as if she wasn’t quite sure Gwen or her companions fit that description or not, but as it was the best she had, it was all she could offer.  Gwen laughed and assured their cooperation, at least if there was pie involved, which knowing Phyllis, was a certainty!  “You might as well ask Dr. Bob as well,” said she as an afterthought, “the more the merrier.”
“Your Aunt is certainly becoming quite a busy person,” mused Raven beside her once the well-meaning agents of cleanliness had vanished, “what with hosting family dinners, sword lessons, her regular job, organizing a protest, and taking in boarders, to say nothing of her itinerant cleaning sprees!”
“Better a busy person than a busybody,” agreed Gwen with an arch smile, before leaving about her own business.
Tristan quipped as he joined her on his now onerous commute, “it’s quite convenient being able to live right next door to your place of employment!”
She shook her head and rolled her eyes most dramatically, saying, “especially for someone who merely needs to wish themselves to some different when or where and they appear as suddenly as they can think it!”
“Quite,” laughed he all the more, leaving her to continue her own arduous trek alone, not that it was a much longer walk from this side of town than it was from the other, Podunk being the huge and intimidating metropolis that it was.  Actual urban areas laughed at Fargo and Bismarck in thinking themselves urbane, but only in comparison to such places as Podunk!
There was Doctor Bob and his concern for her wellbeing and his good-natured teasing about leaving the kettle on the boil overnight when he heard everyone was okay and that shelter had been procured for the refugees.  Skylar met them at the door, Doctor Bob grinning ruefully as he realized he still clutched the keys in his hand but had not as yet unlocked the clinic, both girls laughing heartily at him as he happily joined in.  At last they actually got into the building as Gwen took Skylar under her wing and began to show her the ropes, having been doing this sort of thing for almost two whole weeks herself, making her the resident expert.
As Dr. Bob puttered about gathering the equipment and supplies he’d need for his morning round of farm calls, Gwen told him about her aunt’s invitation and he happily agreed to come, prompting a laugh from Skylar, “it seems the whole town must be one big happy family!”
“It is something of the sort,” agreed Gwen in wonder herself, amazed at the difference between the reality of the place and her assumptions thereof before her own move thence.
As the vet hastened for the door, leaving the two girls alone, Skylar asked of her companion, “what was all that about as we were coming in?”
Gwen shrugged and said, “our little house burned to the ground last night, nobody was injured and we’ve already found another home, but I’m sure it is quite shocking to this sleepy little community, at least it will give them something to talk about besides the notorious renovation project.”
“I’d rather talk about that,” said Skylar with a twinkle in her eye, “indeed, I’ve moved here for just that, though I’m happy to put in my time here until the place is finished, especially if I don’t get the job.”
“You want to work there?!” said Gwen in wonder, “You have heard the scuttlebutt that it isn’t a modeling agency, right?”
“Certainly,” grinned Skylar unabashedly, “now what can you tell me about the place, the proprietor, and the community reaction thereto.”
“My great aunt, and your land lady, is running an active protest against the place and its aspirations,” smiled Gwen in spite of herself, but then she went on to outline what little she could that didn’t involve things like demons, Lightwalkers, FIA agents, and Shadow Men!
“Of course I could never do anything like that!” laughed Skylar in derision at the very idea, “but I feel a very keen interest in the place and would like to become more fully acquainted with what is really going on there.”
“It’s downright dangerous,” said Gwen with a grim shake of her head, “but I guess you’ll do what you think is right regardless, there’ll be a girl at supper tonight who has a job offer there, maybe you would like to talk to her?”
“Certainly,” grinned Skylar, “now why don’t we do something we can both agree on: our job!”  They shared a wry laugh at their distraction as both finally got down to their actual business.  As they worked, Skylar asked eagerly, “your Aunt said you regularly went to some sort of martial arts classes at the rec center?  Do you think I could join you?”
Gwen laughed, “even Aunt Phyllis is welcome, tonight at seven, you can go right over with everyone except Doctor Bob!”
Supper rolled around, Gwen accompanied Skylar home, and spent the evening with her new friend, her aunt, and her mother until the others showed up, including Doctor Bob.  They made a merry meal of it, as usual, while Gwen introduced Lucy to Skylar and left them to their peculiar conversation.  As the elf girl helped Gwen carry dishes into the kitchen, she remarked quietly to the Lightwalker, “your new friend is quite a charming girl, but I fear she is rather heedless in her determination to infiltrate this enterprise!”
Gwen could only laugh grimly, saying, “and did your brother not say the same of you and I of him?”
“I suppose,” smiled the elf maid ruefully, “but fear not, I’ll keep an eye on her.”
“As Megan and I will keep an eye on you both,” nodded Gwen succinctly, depositing her dishes in the sink before they all headed off to the rec center, Aunt Phyllis included, thinking a few sword lessons might not be a bad thing with the way sentiments were running in town these days.
Skylar proved herself to be a natural and experienced martial artist and was happily welcomed into the advanced class while Aunt Phyllis didn’t mortally wound anyone, particularly herself, so everyone went to ice cream content and happy with their night’s work, except Phyllis, who went to sit with her sign on the park bench, as it was her shift, the protesters taking turns in their constant and determined but ineffective vigil.
Skylar was more than happy to join them for ice cream, eager to see if she could delve more deeply into the enigma that was the little group.  “Who are you people?” demanded she good-naturedly, once they had seated themselves with their frozen dairy goodness.
“Who do you think we are?” grinned Raven around a mouthful of tastiness.
“Certainly a conspiracy,” mused she with a wan smile, adding with a determined fire in her eyes, “and one I will get to the bottom of, as I will that old hotel!”
“Easy lass,” cautioned he, “those are dangerous secrets!”
“Yours or the hotel?” challenged she.
“Both,” smiled he, meeting her challenge for challenge, “but you needn’t fear us personally.”
“Someone burned your house down,” persisted she, “yet no one was injured?”
“What is so sinister about old and likely faulty wiring?” parried he.
“Nothing particularly, but where was everybody in the middle of the night?” counterthrusted Skylar.
“What about your own secrets?” interposed Gwen, “What exactly is your interest in us or that hotel?”
“Wheels within wheels,” smiled Ralph, but otherwise simply delighting in the wonders of the frozen confection, at which they all laughed in hearty relief, of one accord simply agreeing to not delve too deeply into things no one felt like divulging at that particular time and place.
“I have an interview tomorrow,” said Skylar at last.
“I’d wish you luck,” smiled Gwen grimly, “if I believed in it or thought this was a good idea.”
“Perhaps you can just keep me in your prayers?” suggested Skylar, gathering her things as she left the table.
“Now that I can do,” nodded Gwen happily, “will you join us at church on Sunday?”
“Your aunt has already assumed my attendance,” smiled she in reply, “see you then!”  As Skylar vacated the ice cream parlor, the others exchanged news from the day and delved into more professional topics that couldn’t be discussed in the presence of strangers.

Saturday found Skylar at her interview and securing one of the coveted places within the ever more concrete venture.  Phyllis and her cronies were out in full force that afternoon, signs and permanents primly in place, but everybody already seemed to know which side of the conflict they were on and nobody paid them any particular heed, save the three ladies and their various, more timid associates thought themselves quite virtuous and civic minded in doing just that, happily content in and of themselves.  That great aunt not yet realizing her young guest and her niece’s friend were both future inmates of the place, and certainly having no clue that even said niece and her other friend were about to go likewise, save in strange guise.
But as the grand opening came ever closer, Mr. Cool wondered who his final four ladies would be, for his advertisements in various places had only amassed four inquiries thus far.  He thought of contacting actual modeling agencies but he didn’t want to deal with lawyers and agents and parents and paramours and world-wise women and what not, when he rather needed female persons with as little actual worldly experience and as few friends and relatives as possible: nameless, thoughtless creatures he could do with as he pleased and none would be the wiser or care in the least what came of them.  But at least the FIA would see to it that whatever happened, it wouldn’t concern himself or his enterprise in the least.
Agent Sullivan and his minions were dispatched into Podunk and throughout the small farming communities in the area, seeking out any vulnerable young female thing they could find, desperate for her big chance to escape obscurity and secure a brilliant future, at least that is what they were promised, and to tell the truth, obscene habit as it was, they would be making a huge impact upon the world, just not in a positive sense!


9

“What do you mean you can’t find anyone?” growled Mr. Cool to Agent Sullivan two weeks later as he made his report as to their efforts and lack of success therein.
“How about just connect with the right people and buy what you need?” queried the stymied agent.
“I need vulnerable, innocent, and freely chosen,” huffed the senior Shadow Man, “not cowering and terrified victims!  This won’t work unless it is their choice, now get busy or I’ll have another Empty Suit to ward the door, which is about all you are good for!”
Sullivan stalked off in a foul mood, he and his lackeys had worked their tails off trying to find initiates and this was the thanks he got?!  Could the grim fellow follow through with his threats?  Could he be beaten at his own game?  This made the neophyte Shadow Man smile, a miserable wretched thing, but the best he could muster.  The fool didn’t fear those strange people now living just next door, but could they truly be a threat?  He went to discover just that.
He found Raven at home, taking a step back in dread at the keenness and intelligence shining in those stony eyes, but he pressed onward, saying grimly, “we need to talk.”
Raven’s brows rose to an astounding apex but he nodded pensively, “come in lad and tell me what this is all about.”
“Is Megan around?” queried he, suddenly eager for a friendly face, even one he considered inconsequential and incompetent.  Raven smiled grimly, his hand suddenly alight, and there she was, blinking in surprise, for a moment ago she had been overseeing a fifth grade spelling test, but upon recognizing her companions, she simply pulled up a chair and looked expectantly at both of them, just as Raven was now doing of their guest.
“I have entered a new and intriguing profession…” began Sullivan, wondering how to explain something even he did not understand.
“Shadow Man,” interjected Raven, “now what do you want?”
“I want to oust Mr. Cool and take over as head of his project,” said he, “can you do it?”
“Easily,” said Raven indifferently, “at least if we must, but I don’t see that assassinating your boss so you can take his place is any concern of ours.”
“I’ll tell you everything,” panted Sullivan desperately, wondering what the fate of traitors was in this grim business, but then musing if they weren’t promoted, considering the vile nature of their service.  Gaining control of himself, he said neutrally, “can he reduce me to an Empty Suit?”
“Certainly,” replied Raven, “he can destroy you as easily as we can.”
“So why don’t you just get it over with?” frowned the flummoxed Shadow Man.
“Because the Enemy would just raise up another to take his or your place,” replied Raven pedantically, as if Sullivan was a very dull student indeed, “we need to interfere in such a way as to make the forces of evil abandon the scheme altogether rather than simply replacing a few key components and forging on.”
“Just like the Agency wanting to mop up the whole gang rather than just taking out a key kingpin here and there,” seconded Megan, earning herself an irate glare from her former partner who should in theory already know that!
Threatened he in desperation, “what if I promise to destroy all those you love or associate with else?”
“We’d merely deal with you,” said Raven nonchalantly, as if not the least intimidated, as if the man posed absolutely no threat to anyone.
The man shuddered but added eagerly as the thought suddenly occurred to him, “but I could do it myself, couldn’t I?”  Raven shrugged, little understanding how such things worked within the fell hierarchy of evil, and the fiend’s smile became cruel indeed, “you and Mr. Cool will both get what’s coming to you!”  With that, he strode out the door, as if assured of inheriting millions that very moment, leaving the pair to exchange a wondering glance before Raven put his companion conveniently back where he had found her, though she now had little thought for examinations of any sort, save of her own philosophical musings.

Mrs. Reverend Pots answered the door in eager delight, though her guests had not wrung the bell with any semblance of the same, being there quite against their will or desire or wishes, but there they were none the less.  “Aunt Pots,” smiled Francesca wanly in greetings as the shuffling old woman opened the door and ushered them cordially into the house, her twin sister Jasmine saying nothing at all as they followed her into the hall and deposited their various small bags and articles, their numerous pieces of far larger luggage still sitting on the porch where the cabbie had left it, waiting for someone to escort it to its more permanent abode.
“It’s so good to see you girls,” smiled Rebecca Pots from the very bottom of her great big heart, “my how you have grown!  It is so good of you to come visit at last!”
“We didn’t really have a choice,” sniffed Jasmine at last, unimpressed by her slatternly aunt and the stuffy parlor in which they found themselves standing, at least that was her impression of both, “mother and her new friend have gone off to Europe to get better acquainted and live a little bit, leaving us to fend for ourselves, and when they get back they’ll want to start their new life together without the bother of anyone else.”
“A new boyfriend?” said Aunt Pots in surprise that her sister was finally dating again after all these years, the divorce having been finalized when the girls were only ten and the woman having no love life of any sort, at least that her older, and certainly judgmental, sister was aware of. 
“Of course not!” sneered Jasmine, “She’s found her soulmate at long last in another woman, you really are behind the times out here!”
“I see,” was all the pastor’s wife could say, not knowing whether the girl’s attitude or her sister’s affair hurt her most at that particular moment, but remembering her duties as hostess, she smiled her sad, but welcoming smile, and asked if they were hungry or wanted some lemonade or if they’d rather go upstairs and settle in.  They ungraciously opted for the latter, and as she showed them their rooms, small, cluttered, and unfashionable as they were to their urbane sensibilities, Jasmine reminded her aunt of the luggage on the porch, and would she very much mind bringing it up when she got the chance?  With a pathetic little smile and mumbled farewell, the door was shut firmly in her face, the woman sighed heavily and went downstairs, wondering what to do about the luggage.
“You look rather wretched Rebecca!” said Aunt Phyllis half an hour later as they sat over tea on the back porch, “And what is all that luggage sitting forlornly by your front door, don’t tell me the Pastor is running away from home?”
Rebecca laughed in spite of herself at the poor attempt at a joke, but girded up her proverbial loins and said rather pathetically, “my nieces have come to stay, girls about the age of Gwen, my sister’s daughters, identical twins used to city living, a better income, and having their own way in everything.”
“And they can’t even haul in their own luggage?” said Aunt Phyllis grimly, “Where are the little minxes, I’ll show them how to treat their elders!”
Poor Mrs. Pots didn’t know what to do, but Phyllis was in earnest, and hastened into the house and up the stairs regardless that it wasn’t her own and despite her arthritis, no one treated the Pastor’s wife like that, no matter how bitterly she might complain herself if the napkins weren’t exactly the right pattern to go with the centerpieces at the Autumn Bazaar!  Too late to stop her guest, but rather curious as to the looming spectacle, the astonished little lady followed wonderingly up the stairs.
With only a pretense of a knock, the phenomenon known as Phyllis glided into the room with all the aplomb of a summer storm, catching both sets of astonished and horrified eyes with her own, saying gruffly, “you just march yourselves downstairs this minute and bring those bags up!  What’s the sense in leaving them outside for the whole neighborhood to stare at or in making your poor little aunt do it for you?”
The girls exchanged a wondering look but were too cowed and overawed to argue, with a squeak of surprise at actually obeying this force of nature guised as an aging matron, they hied themselves down the stairs and out the door before they could stop and think it over.  Phyllis nodded happily to herself and marched down the stairs, meeting the girls at the door, saying grimly, “forget about moving in, girls, you’ll be coming home with me!  It seems you are in dire need of an education in manners and respect and that your poor aunt can hardly be expected to give you, but have no fear, for I am well equipped to do just that!”  Without a word, she pointed to the beige Buick, whose trunk magically opened with the help of one of those key fob thingies, wasn’t technology marvelous!, and the horrified girls began lugging their suitcases in that direction.
“What has happened?” said Rebecca in true wonder, “I was so looking forward to their visit, never having had children of our own, they are the closest thing I have to family.”
“I know,” smiled Phyllis like a lion with a toothache, “I’ll trade boarders with you, Skylar is already trained and respectful but these poor things are raw as can be.”
Smiled Rebecca dryly, “my sister was rather horrified when I married a pastor instead of a rich and successful lawyer like she did.  I never did envy her the match, even with all his money, look where he left her and how their children turned out!”  She turned a truly grateful smile on her friend, tears in her eyes, “thank you, I only hope they’ll learn what you’re trying to teach them.”
“For their sakes, I quite agree,” said Phyllis, as if preparing to scrub a pot whose interior was all a horrid mess of burned on spaghetti.  As the girls went and fetched their final trinkets and accessories, they shared a last, desperate and wide-eyed glance with their actual aunt before being driven off in the aging sedan, still rather astonished at what was happening.  Mrs. Pots could not help but smile in wonder herself, before going out back to clean up the tea things and wondering what Miss Skylar would like for supper!

It wasn’t Skylar’s afternoon to work, so she was rather astonished to see Phyllis returning so soon from tea with the pastor’s wife with a pair of young ladies crammed into the back of her grandma car.  Said she without preamble as she got out of the vehicle, “I’m afraid you’re going to have to move dear, while you’ve been a delightful boarder, this is an emergency!”  She then explained her predicament as the young ladies in question tentatively crept out of the backseat and stared about as if they found themselves on Mars rather than just a few blocks from their previous abode. Skylar smiled her understanding and was about to help with the luggage, but Phyllis shook her head firmly and that was the end of the matter, thinking better of herself, rather she escaped upstairs to pack her own scant belongings.
“We have to share a room?!” said Francesca in horror, while Jasmine just stood halfway up the stairs with a look of utter dismay on her face.
“I suppose it doesn’t even have an ensuite?” stuttered the second sister.
At Phyllis’s confounded look, Skylar grinned brightly and assured, “there’s a nice little bathroom just down the hall.”
Phyllis recovered herself and said bluntly to her newest guests, or prisoners, however the case might be, “you two get your stuff upstairs while I drive Skylar over to your aunt’s house to get settled in.  There’s fresh sheets in the linen closet down the hall just to the left of your room.”
“Fresh sheets?” frowned Francesca as if she had never heard the terminology before.  Skylar and Phyllis exchanged a surprised but not unamused glance as they got into the car, leaving the stymied twins to figure it out for themselves.
“I’m in for it now,” repined Phyllis as she drove back to Rebecca’s house, “but I couldn’t leave those silly girls to their poor aunt’s care, they need a firm hand, and having raised two daughters, I think I can just manage them!  The poor children have never had anyone to teach them what is right, I just hope their hearts aren’t too old to learn!”
“Their hearts?” frowned Skylar pensively.
Phyllis laughed delightedly at her ignorance, saying brightly, “have you never wondered why it is said only children can inherit the Kingdom of God?  It isn’t how old your body is but rather your heart, mind, and soul!  You can be an hundred years old physically but still young and spry and teachable on the inside or you can be a mere babe in arms but so old and cantankerous at heart that you won’t ever learn a thing!”
“That makes a great deal of sense,” agreed Skylar, as the Buick drew to a stop, “and I think your niece and her friends, as well as myself, can be of great service to you and your young guests in the coming days.”
“I’m counting on it,” said Phyllis grimly, “else my own heart might grow elderly indeed!”  They shared a laugh before turning to greet Mrs. Pots as she came out to meet them, her eyes brightly curious to hear how everything had gone and Phyllis was no less eager to tell her.

All of Gwen’s roommates, along with Pastor and Mrs. Pots, and Skylar were all invited over for dinner that night, Aunt Phyllis more than delighted to have an excuse to put the extra leaves in the dining table, something that hadn’t happened to that antique table since her grandmother’s day!  Molly was rather surprised to find the changes wrought in the makeup of the house’s inmates, but things had changed so much and so often of late that she merely blinked, smiled wryly, and went upstairs to change into something that didn’t smell like French fries.
Francesca and Jasmine thought to take refuge in their room all evening, but soon discovered that they couldn’t tolerate one another for more than a few minutes at a time in a confined space with no other distraction save looking out the window or trying to have an actual conversation, a skill neither had ever acquired.  Thus did they grudgingly descend below stairs to meet all and sundry, wondering what they had done to so offends whatever gods there be to suffer such an indignity!  But they were a little encouraged to see several young ladies near their own age, and even better, a rather attractive young man!
They finally sat on opposite ends of the table from one another and allowed their astonishing companions to try and engage them in meaningful dialogue.  They answered mostly in monosyllables, deigning to dine with said bumpkins but refusing to speak therewith more than absolutely necessary, uncouth as they must be, but everyone ignored their ill-manners and flights of superiority and rather did justice to Phyllis’s excellent cooking, though Frankie and Jazz, as they preferred to be called, ate little and were rather astonished at the easy, fun, and relaxed interactions of their companions, as if they actually enjoyed spending time together and even liked one another, rather than it being a chore and a forced contrivance of a forgotten era foisted on each unwilling ensuing generation.
Gwen, who sat next to Frankie, saw the girl’s confusion and dismay, and asked gently and kindly, “I’m sure this is all rather overwhelming and upsetting, what with the sudden upset of your home life and moving to the middle of nowhere, away from everything and everyone you’ve ever known!”  She smiled ruefully, “I’m just such a refugee myself, but don’t worry, it won’t take you long to settle in.”
“I don’t want to settle in,” huffed the imperious girl in reply, “I will not be rusticated!  The only reason we agreed to this egregious affair was the chance to get our foot in the door of the modeling world.  We have it on the best of authority that the future of the industry is at this moment nearing its debut in this forsaken wilderness of a town!”
Gwen blinked at such a reply to her well-intentioned words, but said as neutrally as she could muster, “then you’d better talk to both Skylar and Lucy, they’re both in possession of a spot in the as yet to be launched facility.”
“Competitors!” growled the girl, eyeing the named tablemates professionally, she laughed snidely, “If they’ll take the likes of them, we are assured a slot!”  She then lapsed into snooty silence, staring remorselessly at her peas, leaving the aghast and discouraged Gwen to speak quietly with Raven on her other side.
But he wasn’t willing to let the girl stew in her own snobbery, but intruded bluntly into her silent sulks, “would you like to accompany us to practice tonight, milady?”
“Milady indeed!” laughed Francesca pretentiously, “And what century do you hail from, sir knight?!  If we are going to work out, it won’t be at the Podunk Community Gym, Tanning Salon, and Plumber’s Supply.”
“What else are you going to do this evening?” countered he, not intimidated in the least by her conceit or condescension.
“I suppose you have such a thing as internet in this backwater?” queried she anxiously.
Skylar barked a laugh, “and it isn’t even dial-up!”
“I’m surprised to find that fire isn’t a novel discovery around these here parts,” retorted Frankie with a rather terrible feigned drawl before resuming her study of the slowly wrinkling green balls of vegetative matter on her plate.
“If you aren’t going to practice,” began Aunt Phyllis menacingly, “then you might as well start on the dishes.”
“Dishes?!” squawked the girls together, as if they had been asked to actually make a bed.
“Certainly,” said Phyllis, “it’s sword night and I’m off to the rec center, but as you have nothing better to do, you can help Molly wash up.”
“Perhaps this little venture will prove amusing after all?” proposed Jazz, desperate for anything that would spare her the horror that washing dishes must be; what would all that grease and harsh soap do to her beautiful hands?
“It seems we will be joining you,” sighed Frankie with all the reluctance of a Queen abdicating her throne at the uttermost end of need.
“Then we had best be off,” grinned Raven, standing with everyone but Molly, who leaned back in her chair and smiled, “a nice quiet night at home?  What could be better!  Have fun kids!” finished she with a wink as everyone vacated the house in favor of the rec center.
“I’ve done some Tae Boe and Kickboxing before,” said Jazz to Megan as they went inside, “how difficult could it be?”
“Not all that terrible,” grinned Phyllis joining them, “if they let such an old relic as me give it a try!”  The girls actually exchanged an amused grin with such a horrid old thing as a Great Aunt, Jazz for a moment forgetting she was above her company and actually just enjoying life and all the weird and wonderful variety it daily threw at the pilgrims upon its path.  The next moment a horrified look of realization covered her countenance, but the others pretended not to see as they hastened to their places in line before Megan started warming them up a minute later.
The new girls might have enjoyed themselves or maybe they didn’t, for they would never admit as much, even to themselves, if they really had.  They refused to go out for ice cream later, as did Phyllis, who said she’d best get her guests home as it had been a very long day for everyone.  Skylar too thought she had best get home, but promised to see them all at church on the morrow, especially as she was now staying at the parsonage!  The others didn’t spend too long over their dessert before withdrawing themselves, all wondering at the strangers in their midst and what would come of it all.

The next morning Gwen was at church bright and early, eager to see what Jazz and Frankie would think of the whole ordeal, but was rather disappointed to see Aunt Phyllis and her mother coming in alone.  Said her aunt with a wry, knowing smile, “sorry dear, but they just wouldn’t budge on the issue and I didn’t feel like it was something I should strongarm them on, as they wouldn’t get anything out of it if I did.  I did give them a list of chores I hope they accomplish before I get home, but I’m not going to force them to come to church, even if their aunt is the Pastor’s wife.”
Mrs. Pots came in at that very moment and asked after her nieces, walking off with Aunt Phyllis as their discussion began in earnest, leaving Gwen to find someone else to interrogate or annoy.  By now she knew quite a few of the regulars so it was not difficult to find someone to exchange little bits of this and that with until the service began.  Aunt Phyllis found her afterwards and asked, “you’re coming over for dinner I hope?”  Gwen could only smile, her eyes asking ‘what else would we do?’ even if she said not a word.
They found the house about as they had left it the previous evening, save there was no sign of the new residents when they arrived en masse.  “That’s strange,” said Phyllis, shuffling up the drive in hasty concern, but Gwen rushed ahead to spare her the nuisance of the stairs.
Called she from her former bedroom, “all their things are gone too!”
“Where do you suppose they went?” said Phyllis in concern, “Those poor, wretched girls all alone!”
“I’d guess they made good on their hopes of getting into the modeling business,” replied Raven gravely, eyeing Tristan questioningly, the boy added, “the crew has just finished up two of the upstairs bedrooms, I’m sure if they were desperate they could certainly move someone in.”
“They were certainly desperate,” sighed Phyllis grimly, “but someone had best go make sure?”
Tristan volunteered, as the Empty Suits would let him pass, even if it wasn’t an official work day, unless someone had thought to order them not to.  He dashed off as the rest either sat around the table discussing the matter or went into the kitchen to help Phyllis get lunch on the table, discussing the same but in a more productive manner, at least physically speaking.  The boy didn’t want to be seen by any of the federal agents he knew might be lurking about, so he went unseen but not unveiled, not wishing to draw the eyes of the evil horror that infested the old building, worse than mold in the walls.
He trotted past the Empty Suits, whether they could see him or not little mattered, for they let him pass either way, and headed up the stairs and down to the end of the hall, where the first two bedrooms had been thoroughly updated, needing only a final coat of paint and a few finishing touches to make them completely chic, but despair made women do desperate things, and there they were, the twins each happily settling into her own particular chamber.  Tristan saw just enough to satisfy even Phyllis’s curiosity before suddenly vanishing in truth, back to the waiting company, to whom he broke the unsurprising news.
“How long until the rest of the building is ready for use?” asked Gwen of her ersatz spouse, as he chewed a piece of ham.
“A couple weeks,” replied he, adding with a frown, “then I suppose the rest of you can move in!”
“What?!” asked Phyllis in concern, “Who else of our acquaintance would be that silly?”
“Not silly aunt,” assured Gwen, no one saying yea or nay to her indignant question, “but rather hoping to get to the bottom of the matter and protect those who can’t protect themselves.”
“An excellent notion,” cautioned she, “but you should probably leave it to the professionals.”
“We tried,” sighed Megan, “but the Feds are on the side of the hotel and the town council!”
“That’s why I’m an official protester,” agreed Phyllis with just a smidge of civic pride, then glancing at her watch and her niece, she said in horror, “gracious!  I’m late for my shift, you don’t mind washing up again, do you Molly?”
“Of course not,” laughed Gwen’s mom, “have a good afternoon of exercising your civic duty!”
“I will at that!” grinned she, putting on her florid hat and rushing from the room, all sharing a joyous laugh as she went, Raven quipping to Gwen, “I just adore your aunt, my dear, truly I do!”  At which they all shared a mutual smile of appreciation thereof.

It was getting dark, and Phyllis was beginning to yawn, though she did her best to ward off the unladylike inclination, but soon her replacement would be there and then she could go home to a simple supper and then to bed.  She wondered idly what those poor girls were doing for supper and why they had made such a silly choice, but her musings were cut short as she glimpsed Megan’s estranged husband standing directly before her with a gun in his hands and a strangely manic look in his dead eyes.
“Auntie-kins!” taunted he, raising the gun and pointing it at the astonished matron, pulling the trigger before she could give him a well-deserved earful.  The bang echoed down the vacant street, his agents had made sure of that, before he sauntered off, whistling tunelessly, envisioning what those over-pious ghosts would think of this!  Maybe they would finally start taking him seriously.
“Phyllis?!” came the concerned voice again, as she felt herself shaken by a firm hand.  She bolted upright and blushed furiously, had she truly fallen asleep at her post?  Margaret grinned wryly at her but said nothing, as she seated herself on the bench as Phyllis abandoned it, both staring at the dark stains adorning Phyllis’s usually impeccable blouse and pants and pooling on the bench beneath her.  Laughed Marge lightly, “you must have spilled your coffee when you dozed off!  Go home and get some rest, leave the nightshift to me!”
“Yes,” said Phyllis grimly, but it wasn’t over the supposed coffee stain, for she hadn’t brought anything but a bottle of water with her, that and her ginormous purse.  Then she remembered the man with the gun.  At least it was dark and impossible to see if it was blood or coffee, the nearest streetlight on the corner nearly a block away.  Maybe she should go to the emergency room?  She certainly didn’t feel wounded, in fact she couldn’t ever remember feeling better, even in her nearly forgotten youth!  More puzzled than ever, she began to walk home, hoping Molly wasn’t up to ask uncomfortable questions to which she could give but poor answer.  Who could she talk to about this?  Should she?  At least it was an adventure!


10

Aunt Phyllis returned home, the porch light was on but the living room light was off meaning Molly had gone to bed, only the night light in the hall was there to greet her, that and Gwen’s cat.  She was about to sneak off to her bedroom to change out of the bloody blouse but a strange noise near the back of the house froze her in her steps.  Not knowing from whence sprang her courage, she crept down the hall, sword in hand, not even freezing to stare at the strange weapon and its sudden appearance in her grasp, as if it was as natural a part of her as her purse.  She acted purely by instinct, leaping upon the intruder as if she had been tackling housebreakers from her youth.  He managed to hold her off for a few moments, but either her three sword classes had paid off exponentially or there was something really weird going on here.
It was that same villainous husband of Megan’s, she must have a word with that girl on her taste in men, that was somehow exchanging sword blows with his victim of earlier in the evening!  But at last she got the better of him and stabbed him through the heart, dropping the weapon in horror as both he and the sword fell to the ground with an ominous thud.  And there was Molly in her bathrobe blinking in wonder on the stairs, at her aunt having bested an intruder with a sword!  This was certainly a strange dream!  Phyllis could only grin wryly and wonder what to do next, perhaps all this protesting and sword lessons weren’t such a good thing after all?
But as she stood there pondering what to do, as much as her niece stood on the stairs doing just that about the whole baffling spectacle, Mr. Hall got shakily to his feet and walked out the backdoor of his own volition without a word or even a look at any of them, leaving the ladies to exchange first a puzzled glance and then a laugh at the pure preposterousness of it all.
“I suppose one of us had better go tell Megan her husband is a homicidal maniac?” mused Molly aloud.
“We can just call her,” said aunt Phyllis, practical as ever, “but how are we to get all this blood out of the carpet, to say nothing of this blouse?”
“Just what have you been doing tonight, auntie?” smiled that impetuous niece merrily.
“I wish I knew dear, truly I do!” sighed Aunt Phyllis in wonder but no little curiosity and delight in her tone.  They exchanged a mischievous smile and immediately set to work setting everything in order, the less their family and friends knew of the matter, the better.  They never even thought to involve the police, as the fellow was a housebreaker and had walked out of his own accord, and as nobody was grievously injured, save the poor blouse, but as Molly privately thought, it was truly a happy chance that put the ridiculous thing out of its misery.
As they moved a chintzy little chest of drawers to cover up whatever stains they couldn’t get out of the carpet, Aunt Phyllis said to everyone’s surprise, most particularly her own, “what do you think of Gwen’s idea of going undercover at that dreadful hotel to discover what is really going on?”
Molly could not help but laugh, “if you were fifty years younger, I would say go for it, but unless they need a cleaning lady, I’m afraid you just won’t do!”
“Perhaps,” said said Aunt grimly, “but I still feel like I ought to do something of the sort.  Thanks for the help, and not a word to anyone?  I’ll talk to Megan about her husband’s violent tendencies, but otherwise I’d like to keep this quiet.”
“Agreed,” nodded Molly, “but hadn’t we both best get to bed?”  
And like the sensible ladies they were, they immediately took their own advice, or at least Aunt Phyllis tried, she went to her room and shut the door, but just didn’t feel like sleeping, but she couldn’t get Molly’s teasing suggestion out of her head.  Fifty years younger?  Why not!  Feeling rather foolish, but enjoying every moment, as if she really was a little girl looking in a magic mirror, she wished herself fifty years younger, and there looking back at her was the girl she had been half a century prior!  She looked at herself, not just her reflection, just to make sure and smiled to see it truly was real and it wasn’t just a trick of the mirror.  That was a neat trick, what else could she do?
She converted her features back to dowdy old Aunt Phyllis and then wondered if it was really possible to become invisible, and with a thought, she did!  This was all really quite intriguing, certainly strange, but also a lot of fun, even if she couldn’t admit as much to anyone who knew her as the staid and matronly Aunt Phyllis.  She reappeared and switched back to the girl she once had been, a much more appropriate guise for such a thoroughly delightful venture, too bad she had to go to work tomorrow, in the stories she could simply be in two places at once, but why couldn’t she?  With this intriguing thought, she tried just that, much relishing her success!  Now she could be the Aunt everyone assumed her to be and also the ultimate secret agent!  Good thing she had a romantic streak and a sense of humor, else this whole intriguing night would have proved inevitably fatal to a more proper Aunt!
She went to work like the good little aunt she was, but as she sat typing at her desk, in between phone calls, she also vanished downtown, discovering it to be a little after ten as she strolled by the nearly renovated hotel, the very picture of the girl she was half a century prior, pausing to gaze curiously at the improvements so far.  At that moment Gwen’s father came striding up, returning from some errand or other, and stopped as their eyes met, rushing forward with his smarmy smile and introducing himself and ushering her into his office, where the interview proceeded to the satisfaction of both, the Shadow Man saying in farewell, “we’ll see you next week then, my dear, I look forward to it.”
“As do I,” agreed she sweetly, trying to keep the predacious smile off her face but he smiled the more at what he took for a hunger for power gleaming in her young and beautiful eyes.
Phyllis returned to her day job the moment she had left, trying valiantly to keep her mind focused on her work rather than on her more interesting adventures, her thoughts turning suddenly to Megan and how best to break the horrible news to the poor dear, but then she was a spy, no doubt she could handle this sort of thing!  She went back to her duties, trying to remember how a proper aunt and secretary should behave, succeeding only out of long habit and because no one else would ever believe her capable of being anything but.
That night at practice, not a sword night, Phyllis still decided to join the others, wondering if she had innate ninja skills as she seemed to possess the ability to change her face and become invisible and be in two places at once.  They were rather surprised to see her but eager to welcome her amongst them, strangely her aching joints did no such thing as they began warming up and stretching, and as Megan led the beginners through a variety of kicks and hand strikes, Aunt Phyllis could certainly hold her own, much astonishing everyone, most particularly Gwen’s little coterie.
“You’d best come to the ice cream shop,” said Megan afterwards, “we need to talk.”
“That we do, dear,” said Phyllis gravely, no matter her innate awesomeness as an octogenarian warrior, she still didn’t relish telling the poor girl that her husband was a murderer.
The little party set off, Skylar accompanying them, having nothing else to do that evening and more curious than ever about the mysterious company, especially Aunt Phyllis!  As they took their places, Phyllis decided to get it over with and said bluntly to Megan, “it’s about your husband dear.”
“He’s not really my husband,” smiled Megan wryly, “he’s another FIA agent posing as such.  Whatever he’s done to make you so uneasy, we’ve already had our falling out so don’t worry about my supposed feelings in this matter.”
“Well that’s a relief,” smiled Phyllis happily, taking a hearty slurp of her malt, idly wondering why all the younger generation seemed to prefer shakes instead.
“The FIA?!” said Skylar in surprise, “Is that what you people are doing here?  Spying for the Feds?”
“No,” said Raven with a grin, “at least not currently, though Megan was an agent for a couple years before all the hubbub of this hotel business.”
“You resigned?” queried the stymied girl.
“Actually I’m sure they think me something of a rogue agent as I refused to obey orders and head back East,” grinned she, as if saying she had simply snatched an extra cookie from grandma’s cookie jar.
“You could get in big trouble,” cautioned Skylar, as if suddenly an expert on espionage and double agents.  But no one was taking this seriously, exchanging knowing grins as they all were.  “If you aren’t spies,” cried she in desperation, “what are you?”
“And what exactly are you up to?” countered Raven, “What about your own secrets and mysterious motives?”
“You are all of you ridiculous,” sniffed Phyllis primly, “whatever your motives or alliances or differences, let’s all agree to disagree if we must but let us work together to bring this wretched institution to its knees!”
“Only you and Skylar are outside our councils, milady” said Ralph politely, “but I do not think it must remain so any longer.  Won’t you both tell us what you are up to?”
“I’d love to,” laughed the aunt is delight, “but I haven’t the foggiest what I’m about but it is an intriguing adventure, whatever it be!”
“And just how were you planning on infiltrating said institution?” queried Raven with an arched brow and knowing smile.
“Probably the same way she acquired her phenomenal ninja skills,” agreed Megan drily, Tristan and Gwen exchanging a disbelieving grin as realization dawned, an aunt, a great aunt?!
“Are you telling me you know what all this is about?” asked she eagerly.
“Quite,” smiled Raven at his most mysterious, still eyeing Skylar curiously, “but what of you, milady?  The aunt honestly pleads ignorance, but what is your excuse for your continued reticence?”
“You can’t hide anything from him,” said Gwen to Skylar with what was supposed to be a grim whisper, but her laughing statement was heard by the whole table, she glanced playfully at her aunt before continuing, “even top secret family recipes!”
“You didn’t?!  You couldn’t?!” stammered Phyllis in absolute horror, “Not my mother’s sponge cake!”
“Only the tuna noodle casserole,” assured Raven, “which I am positive originally came off a can of Cream of Something soup.”
“Quite,” blushed Phyllis as the horrible truth was finally revealed, eliciting a merry laugh from the entire table.
“So you have secret recipes,” began Skylar, eyeing each person in turn, beginning with Phyllis and then accosting Megan, “you’re a secret agent, but what about you?” asked she, settling on Ralph.
He smiled broadly, “I asked you first, if you remember, but if you disclose your secret, I will tell mine.”
“I haven’t fooled any of you, have I?” queried she ruefully, “Save perhaps Phyllis but she hardly knows what it is she has begun.  And I assume by those awful grins that you will give me neither quarter nor mercy in the days to come for my attempted subterfuge.”
“When has Raven ever taken pity on any of us?” smiled Tristan wryly, eyeing Ralph keenly, the elf merely shrugged, as if to say he could think of no instance in his long experience with the man, at which they all laughed, even their renegade aunt.
Ralph caught Skylar’s eye after they had calmed once more, saying merrily, “I assume milady, that you finally admit your identity as a Lightwalker?”  She nodded, grinning only slightly ruefully, as he continued, “my sister and I are elves.”
“Could someone please explain all this?” groused Phyllis good-naturedly.
At which Ralph replied grimly, “I am sorry milady, that too is against our esteemed friend’s nature!”  After that, sanity amidst that peculiar company was a mythic concept indeed!

But not everyone was as thoroughly delighted with the little company as they were with themselves and their current surroundings, for with a squeak the poor girl behind the counter vanished into the back, having seen something rather strange and dreadful outside, at least all the action movies she had ever watched seem to imply as much and she suddenly realized it might be a good time to inventory the freezer.  Raven and Megan both froze in their jollity, each wryly eyeing the little red dot of light, like a demonic eye, quavering on the other’s forehead or chest.  “We’re about to have visitors,” said Raven solemnly, though there was an arch and eager glint in his otherwise serious eyes, “Ralph, are you sure you want to stick around for this?”
“Certainly,” smiled the elf nonchalantly, “to quote the human aphorism, I still have a card up my sleeve.”  The pair exchanged a knowing smile as Raven nodded contentedly to himself, now grinning as wryly as the elf, much putting his neophyte companions at ease.
Said Aunt Phyllis in confusion, “what is going on?”
“We’re about to be arrested by federal agents,” grinned Megan in anticipation, as if she had rather said a trip to the zoo was in order.
“Wouldn’t it be far more civilized just to have them in to tea?” frowned she.
Megan snorted, “but hardly as exciting as storming an ice cream shop in a sleepy little town with assault weapons to apprehend a company of children and old ladies!”  But so they did, all six of the agents coming in the door, four through the front and two in the back, reserved for employees, deliveries, and trash removal, of which they were none.
“Nobody move!” ordered Agent the First, having taken command since the disappearance of Agent Sullivan.  And nobody did, they just sat there either grinning at him as if it was some sort of charade or trick or they sipped their soda rather disinterestedly or studied him and his men as if they were a roadside attraction, like a giant katydid statue, at least nobody tried to get a picture with his team!
“You are all under arrest and will come along quietly or we will use force,” said Agent the Second, not liking this reception at all, and wanting to speed things along to a more interesting conclusion, or perhaps trigger the fight or flight or fear such activities usually involved.
“What are we suspected of?” asked Megan, slurping the last of her shake with a rather atrocious noise.
“The murder of Agent Sullivan,” said the First, “you and the so-called Raven are the prime suspects.”
“And our teenage companions and token old lady?” queried Megan wryly.
“We’ll sort it out somewhere less public,” growled the Second, “now come along.”
“I did it,” said Aunt Phyllis grimly, “I wasn’t going to say anything but I won’t let anybody else take the fall for my fell deed.”
At this even the deathly serious agents laughed, trying to imagine an octogenarian overcoming an actual field agent of the FIA!  But Aunt Phyllis wasn’t done, “there’s a blood stain on the carpet in the back hall of my house under a tacky little dresser I picked up at an antique sale in Pierre…”
“And did you club the poor fellow down with your purse, mam?” scoffed Agent the First.
“No,” said she thoughtfully, “we clashed for a few minutes with swords.”
“Of course,” said the Second with a wide grin, “it all makes perfect sense, but don’t worry granny, we’ll see that you get the help you need.”
“I am neither senile nor so thoroughly debilitated that I can’t defend myself against a housebreaker!” protested she, “It really happened!”
“And what came of the body, Phyllis?” asked Raven, his voice calm and serious but his eyes dancing with mirth.
“He got up and walked out of his own accord,” said she, rather mystified at the whole ordeal.
“And is there anything else you haven’t told us?” persisted he.
“He did threaten me with a gun earlier that evening,” frowned she, trying to remember the whole strange tale, “then I found him coming in the back of the house when I got home.”
“I believe you’ll find your man hanging about at the so-called Mr. Cool’s establishment,” said Raven jovially, “he won’t be much for conversation but you’ll physically find his person at least.  As for the crime, it seems to be on his side, threatening this poor old woman and then breaking into her house, and to what purpose?”
“Be that as it may,” said Agent the Second as Agent the First was telling off the Sixth to go check out the old hotel and see if he couldn’t find Sullivan, the man rushing out the door swift as his feet could carry him, “we still have a rogue agent on our hands and will need to take you all into custody until it is determined what is to be done with her and what, if any, part the rest of you have played in all this.”
“I think not,” said Ralph, proffering his literal, as well as proverbial, card, a business card with a number and a code upon it.  Agent the First paled as he took it, but saying nothing, he withdrew a significant distance and immediately dialed the number, returning some minutes later, even more wan.
“I am sorry to bother you, sir,” and the whole company saluted the grinning elf, as the First continued, “we are now under your command, what are your orders, sir?”
“Very good,” nodded Ralph, “resume your more usual activities with Mr. Cool, but consult myself or Raven before arresting, threatening, or killing anyone.  As for Agent Hall, she’s working with me and is therefore no rogue agent.”
The Sixth hastened back, told something quietly to the First, and then looked speculatively at the suddenly respectful demeanor of his fellows to their former targets, the Second quietly explaining everything as the First addressed Ralph, “it is as Mr. Raven says, sir, Agent Sullivan is there but won’t say a thing.”
“He’s working solely for Mr. Cool,” said Ralph gravely, “so there is no need to consult him further in this business.  You’ll be in command of the team henceforth and reporting to either myself or my associates, understood?”
The whole team saluted, said, “yes sir!,” before Ralph dismissed them and the little party could get back to their ice cream, the astonished teenager creeping out of the back as if she had covered her eyes during an intense but important part of a movie, missing out on much of the plot thereby with no friend to annoy by asking what happened.

“That’s seven,” said Gwen to Skylar the next day while Doctor Bob was out treating a sick horse, “I wonder who is going to fill the eighth spot?”
“Four lightwalkers, an elf, and two spoiled nieces,” grinned Skylar at the strange company, “to say nothing of a federal agent, an octogenarian aunt, and two clueless girls!  I suppose the final spot will go to a troll or something, at least with how things are progressing.”
“What’s your story?” asked Gwen eagerly, turning the subject away from mere supposition and having heard most of Phyllis’s the previous night and having enlightened her likewise.
“It isn’t very interesting,” shrugged she a bit uneasily, “I come from a small midwestern town, did my best in high school knowing I’d have to go to college and get a career as my drunken mother wasn’t the least interested in supporting me any longer than she absolutely had to.  I graduated and left town, I moved in with a third cousin of mine that had an apartment in the city where I planned to go to school this fall, I had a job at a local diner and on the way to work one morning a garbage truck ran a red light and I was in the crosswalk and well…”  She trailed off, but grinning sheepishly, she finished, “when I recovered, I simply knew I was supposed to come here.  I found enough money in my pocket for a bus ticket and here I am!”
“A garbage truck?!” laughed Gwen, “No wonder you were reluctant to share with the rest of us, but then being the passenger of a guy who intentionally runs into a pole isn’t much better.”
“Especially when you later marry the man!” laughed Skylar by way of reply.
“What can I say,” grinned Gwen, “Orders!”
Their ridiculous grins vanished as they heard the clinic door open and in came Rebecca, she smiled wistfully at the two girls, as Gwen asked, “what can we do for you Mrs. Pots?”
“I’m not exactly sure,” said she a little anxiously, “my two nieces have been weighing rather heavily on my heart, and while I appreciate what Phyllis tried to do for them, I’m terrified at what might await them at that place!”
“Don’t worry,” said Skylar grimly, “we’ll keep an eye on them, if they’ll let us!”
“I’d appreciate that very much,” smiled she in wretched hope, “I know they are quite spoiled and have never had a proper bringing up, but they are all the family I have left and I was hoping…”  Added she anxiously as a sudden thought occurred to her, “now don’t go thinking I blame Phyllis at all in this!”
“Certainly not,” smiled Gwen easily, “they’d no doubt have run off from your house as well, they said as much that first night at dinner.”
“Can you really protect them?” pled she.
“Only if they’ll let us,” said Skylar, innately knowing her words to be true, if not knowing from whence they came, “but I’ll be in a room right down the hall in a couple days for just that reason.”
“You’re going there?!” said the poor woman, aghast at the very idea.
“For such a time as this!” quipped Gwen.
“It isn’t all that different at that,” mused Rebecca grimly, “no matter how they try and gussy up the tale of Esther, it isn’t an innocent little romance!”  She grinned wryly and added, “thank you Mordecai!”
“Now who gets to be Haman?” asked Skylar quizzically, at which they all shared a laugh.

“How did Ralph become a head honcho at the FIA?” asked Tristan of Raven that morning before he left for work.
“His uncle is head of the Supernatural Affairs Department,” grinned the older man, “which is completely appropriate and often helpful in such cases as this.”
“I suppose it isn’t difficult to have contacts in places of influence when you’ve outlived empires!” grinned Tristan in appreciation.
“Quite,” smiled Raven in happy remembrance of many of the strange adventures they had shared over the years, but coming back to the present adventure, he asked, “now what of your renovation project, how close are you to being done?”
“Another week or two,” replied Tristan, “depending on when the last shipment of supplies arrives.”
“And the nieces?” queried Raven, “They never come out and no one but the renovation crew and Mr. Cool’s minions are allowed inside.”
Tristan shook his head, “they never leave their rooms, at least when the crew is around.  I can see light under the door and hear them moving around occasionally but that’s about it.”
“The girls will be in place within a fortnight,” mused Raven grimly, “but you’ll have to keep an eye on them until then, at least as best you can.”
“Which isn’t much with that thing skulking around the place,” shivered the boy, “what are we to do with that?”
“That’s what Steve is for,” smiled Raven in grim anticipation, so much so that Tristan was obliged to do the same.
“Do angels like ice cream?” grinned the boy most whimsically, as they both shared a laugh.

“Ah, Agent Chalk,” said Mr. Cool, having summoned Agent the First into his office that morning, “I suppose you have heard that Mr. Sullivan has been er, reassigned?”  The man looked uneasily at the Empty Suit standing vacantly beside the door and nodded, his horrified shudder much delighting the Shadow Man.  Continued he, “I’m in need of a new second in command, are you or any of your men such a person?  I need a man who can do what needs to be done without question or qualm, someone interested in power and influence, who wants to do great and terrible things, well?”
“I have no such aspirations myself, sir,” quivered the wretched man in dread, “but I think there’s a man in my command who just might suit you.”
“Send him to me,” grinned the Shadow Man in anticipation, eliciting another shiver from the thoroughly cowed agent.
“Yes, sir!” saluted the agent, before slinking off in dismissal to send Mr. Cool his newest minion.  
Mr. Cool glanced at the Empty Suit that had been Sullivan and laughed cruelly, “see what you get for treachery!  But now you are utterly useless and I have to replace you, good minions are so hard to find, hopefully this new fool isn’t quite so independently minded, but being part of an FIA team and being used to being a subordinate isn’t a bad thing at all.  Go get me some coffee!”  That at least the Empty Suit could do, too bad it lacked the feelings and semblance of mind necessary for Mr. Cool to thoroughly enjoy his complete and utter triumph over the wretch!  But then the Bogey, whichever one of the pathetic creatures was actually Sullivan, would be mulling miserably over just that for all eternity to come!  A thought to make the Shadow Man smile indeed.  As the Suit returned with his coffee, he turned his mind back to finding his final girl while the Suit returned to his post by the door, forgotten once more.

Rebecca Pots went home, wishing with all her heart she could do something for those poor girls, praying desperately that they would be kept not only from harm but also that their eyes might be opened to the Truth.  She brewed herself some tea and took it out to the back porch, but it sat untouched on the little table as she sobbed wretchedly, pleading with God on behalf of her nieces, not having prayed so hard since the days, as a young bride, she had found herself unable to have children, year in and year out she had prayed, clinging desperately to hope, but seemingly to no avail.  Now old and withered and childless, she sat praying just as fervently for her sister’s forsaken children, wondering if it would do any good.
It was at just such an awkward moment that she heard the doorbell ring.  She thought about ignoring it, her eyes were red and watery and her nose was running, but it might be important, you never knew when your husband was the pastor of a small church.  She did what she could to rectify her appearance, wishing she had a handy pair of sunglasses, but lacking that, she went inside and answered the door.  She didn’t recognize the man, in fact he was probably the blandest person she’d ever seen, completely unforgettable, but she asked with a wan, sad smile, “can I help you, sir?”
“Perhaps I can be of assistance, milady?” asked he.  She blinked at him in astonishment but stepped aside and asked him to come in.  She seated him in the living room and hastened off to the kitchen to brew some fresh tea and see what could be scrounged by way of cookies or snacky things.  She returned to the living room a few minutes later with her tea tray, hopeful it would suffice while drawing attention away from her pathetic countenance, her little personal troubles shouldn’t interfere with whatever brought this strange man to her door.
“Now,” said she cordially, “please help yourself and tell me all about whatever you will.”
“That is quite kind of you, madam,” said he gravely, but with an inexplicable joy welling behind his every word, “do you believe in miracles?”
“I did, once,” sighed she wistfully from the very bottom of her heart, remembering all those painful years of longing, waiting, hoping, and sorrow over something that never happened, “and still do, at least for other people.”  She smiled sadly, “but I’m content with my lot, of small account as it must seem, but I can do good things here in my own little way and that is enough.”
“Enough?!” cried the stranger in surprise and seeming disgust, not at the speaker but at her proclaimed contentedness to play in the ashes of her burned shanty when he knew her to be a veritable princess and heiress to a kingdom even if she knew it not.  She shrank back at his tone, and he moderated his voice, saying gently as a mother with her terrified little one, “come child, know you not that you are not overlooked, forgotten, forsaken?  What is this pittance you speak of as your full inheritance?  Are you not a very Child of the Kingdom, a co-heir with Christ Himself?  No miracles for you, the very least of His Children?  Scandal indeed!  Perhaps the greatest desire of your mortal heart remains unfulfilled but that is not because you are ill-deserving of it or that your prayers have gone unheard, but rather it was not a part of the story He had written for you ere the stars were named.  Come daughter, princess, beloved, it is time to receive but the smallest part of your due!”
She did look at him, her eyes alight with wonder and curiosity and a strange eagerness, but no sinful man can look upon such splendor and live, but if one must die there was no more glorious way to go about it, nay, it was not death but rather a second birth, and this True Life.  Her corrupted and decaying mortal flesh melted away in a moment, as she gazed full upon the gloriously unveiled figure, and yet she stood there still, made clean and pure and whole, corruption had put on the incorruptible, mortality had been replaced by immortality, and her soul had finally awoken, as if from a troublous dream, at last she knew as ever she had been known.  And just as suddenly as it had come, so too did the vision pass, they were both again as they had been, at least superficially, the drab stranger and the greying little wife.
Said she with a wry smile, “now what am I to tell my husband?”
“Leave that to me,” grinned the stranger brightly, taking up his hat and heading for the door.
“But you will come back to finish your tea afterwards, won’t you?” queried she.
“Only if you promise to find me some elvish coffee,” smiled Steve as he vanished from the house and headed for the church.
Elvish coffee?  There was nothing for it but to call Phyllis, if anybody knew about such outlandish cuisine, it would be her!  She called up the school office and quickly consulted her friend, and smiling wryly, she then dialed up a certain friend of the family to inquire after the possibility thereof.  Miracle indeed!
Lucy picked up the phone, laughed brightly as the incident was recounted and the woman’s desperate plight revealed, the elf lass promising to ride swiftly to the rescue as all heroes must!


11
 
Steve entered the church office, but finding no one at the main desk, he knocked upon the door of the pastor’s study, whereat a cheery voice called, “come in!”
“I’ve come to invite you to coffee,” said the drab fellow brightly.
Pastor Pots blinked in wonder at the stranger but smiled benignly, no little curious but too polite to show it, “certainly,” said he, “I was just finishing up for the morning and I would be delighted.”
They walked in companionable silence back towards the parsonage, the eager pastor nearly ready to burst in curiosity but so firmly controlling himself that none but his wife or one who could truly See would have any notion of his impatience!  He was rather astonished to find himself invited to his own house for coffee and sandwiches, it must be some whim of his wife, which elicited a momentary panic as he mentally reviewed the date and any historical or festive significance thereof, hoping he hadn’t forgot his own anniversary or his wife’s birthday or something equally dire, but he could think of nothing particular about this particular day!
“I’m sure it will be quite a surprise,” smiled Steve, as if in on the secret, earning him a speculative look from the perplexed pastor, adding as he opened the door, “it’s a birthday as it were, but not one you had any previous awareness of.”
“Just as long as my wife isn’t going to kill me,” grinned he in relief.
“No,” said Steve a little too blandly, his eyes alight with merry mischief, “it won’t be your wife.”
At the man’s wondering frown, he found himself ushered into the living room, the coffee table replete with the promised provender, his wife and a couple of Raven’s friends sitting on the sofa chatting, cups in hand, while Raven himself stood to one side of the door, sword in hand and grinning as madly as the stranger.  “What is this?!” squawked the petrified pastor, as Raven lifted the weapon, as if to strike, none of the others seemingly concerned in the least.  His body slumped to the floor with a thud as Raven’s weapon vanished in a brilliant flash.
Said Ralph cheerily, “give him a little of the coffee, it works wonders!”
“What happens if a mortal man tries drinking this stuff?” queried Mrs. Pots, as Raven hefted her husband’s body into an adjacent chair.
“It would probably melt his digestive tract,” smiled Raven at the irony, as he offered the dead man a spot of something far stronger than tea.
With a cry of alarm, the man jolted awake, momentarily glancing about in panic, but seeing his familiar living room full of relatively familiar people, he sat up, took the proffered cup, and downed it in a single gulp.  His eyes widened momentarily but then he offered it back to Raven for a refill, at which all and sundry shared a knowing laugh.  Settling back and sipping more slowly at his second cup, Albert Pots arched an eyebrow and demanded of no one in particular, “just what is going on here?”
“Happy birthday,” grinned Steve, raising his own cup as if in toast, whereat the felicitation echoed joyously from every throat, “did I not tell you so?”
The reverend eyed Raven with a dry smile, “it is certainly a most strange and wonderful day, but will someone please tell me what is going on around here?”
“Have a sandwich dear,” laughed Rebecca, like joy itself, her husband actually gaping at her, for gone were the sorrow and fear and doubt that had long haunted her countenance, replaced by pure peace and unquenchable joy, and adding with a girlish blush at his unwonted attention, “and we’ll do just that!”
Before they could regale him with all the tale, he glanced suspiciously into his cup, asking in wonder, “is this stuff truly strong enough to waken the dead?”  At their blithe grins all around, he added with a hearty laugh, “perhaps we’d best get Megan to serve it at church, after one of my sermons, it wouldn’t be a bad idea at all!”

Her prayers having been answered in a way far too wonderful for her yet to even begin to comprehend, Rebecca hastened down Main Street guised as a far younger woman, musing that if anyone knew what she was about to do or that it was the pastor’s wife doing it, it would be scandal indeed!  But then she was a very servant of the greatest scandal to rock the world since original sin, so what was so strange in that?  And it was in hopes of preventing another scandal of epic proportions, so off she went to apply for the last spot in that notorious establishment.  
Agent the Third, his real name being Simmons, was just coming out of the front door of the hotel when he saw her, and he could not help but smile in anticipation, it almost made one believe in such a thing as providence, or more likely luck, but this was just what he needed to impress his new boss.  He hastened up to her and asked if he could be of assistance, looking rather lost and alone as she was, she smiled at him and he ushered her inside to meet Mr. Cool.
“That should do it,” nodded Raven to Steve as they watched from their bench across the street as the girl was escorted inside, Phyllis’s sit-in being abandoned in favor of more clandestine and hopefully effective measures, “now it will be up to the ladies.”  Raven smiled grimly at his companion’s eager and predacious smile, happy it wasn’t directed at himself!

The big day finally arrived, the facility had been completely renovated and was now ready to house the long sought and much anticipated ladies who were to grace the historical structure, the townsfolk intrigued, curious, and not a little scandalized, particularly at their own keen interest therein.  The girls from out of town arrived as previously arranged with Mr. Cool and those already in the neighborhood packed their things and moved a few blocks over, no matter where they previously called home.
“I’m so glad I’m not going alone!” said Lucy in eager dismay to her brother, as she rearranged her scant belongings for the third time that morning.
“You’ll have friends right next door or just down the hall,” smiled Ralph kindly, but unable to hide the slight nervous quaver in his own voice.
“But that thing?!” whispered she in dread.
“Is not ours to deal with,” assured he, trying to reassure himself likewise, “so go over there and do your part and trust the rest of us to do ours.”  She smiled gratefully at him, squeezed his hand, and clutching her little satchel, walked as boldly out of the apartment as she could muster.  Raven, stationed on their familiar bench across the street, mused that the elf girl had more courage than any ten men, walking into that hotel as confidently as she did, knowing what it contained, vulnerable as she was.  Throughout the rest of the day, the other ladies arrived, either on foot, or in Mr. Cool’s limo, which was busy shuttling them between the regional airport in the next county and the hotel.  Mr. Simmons was there to greet them and get them settled, Mr. Cool remained in his office but gave each an impersonal welcome and cold handshake as they entered, his eyes gleaming in anticipation beneath his ever present sunglasses.
That night, after everyone was supposedly in bed, he removed his sunglasses and allowed his shadowy, wraithlike form to become visible, like a blob of ghostly ink staining the very air.  He could at last See the hideous creature that nearly filled the little hotel with its hatred of all that was good and right and true, all beauty, all wonder, all joy.  And soon, very soon, it would be able to touch the physical reality that was the created order and then do with it as it pleased!  But first, it had to play the tedious game until its moment of triumph had come.  Said the awful voice, “my harem is assembled?”
“Yes, great one,” quivered the lesser shade in absolute awe and dread of this far superior evil, “but it will be a little while until they are ready.  They must be worn down, corrupted, taught to accept what they must without question or qualm, they must learn to base their very value upon it.”
“All very tedious,” snarled the deeper darkness, “but we shall do as we must, proceed!”
As his human guise resumed its outward appearance, Mr. Cool trembled in relief to no longer see or hear the horror immediately before him, though he could not escape the innate sense of dread and misery that hummed in the background like a busy air conditioning unit, at least he didn’t have to interact with the thing very often.  He turned to the nearest Suit and ordered, “find Simmons!”  The Suit walked out and returned some minutes later, the agent trotting anxiously after.
“Sir?” queried he.
“Are you ready for a promotion?” smiled Cool in a very eerie way, Simmons could only shudder in growing dread and anticipation, his smile very much the same.

On the outside, the lady Lightwalkers went about their business as usual, but they were also willing captives within that posh prison at the exact same time, much boggling their previously mortal sensibilities but as that was no longer their perspective, they soon began to accept it and take it as much for granted as they did sunshine, oxygen, and gravity.  Lucy could not escape her fancy cell as easily as her uncanny companions, being wrought of flesh and bone as she was, and they dared not use any of their more interesting skills to assist her therewith lest it be seen by the horror that haunted the dreadful facility and betray their charade.  They couldn’t physically move her but they could at least personally encourage the elfin maid.  The nieces remained in their rooms the entire day, leaving the newcomers very much to themselves.
Their world consisted of a generous private bedroom and attached bathroom with a large common sitting area at the far end of the hall.  Their meals were brought up thrice a day and left outside their doors, so they had no need of a kitchen or dining area, though they could eat together in the common room if they preferred.  That first day they were simply allowed to settle in and rest as they would, gathering in the common room when their things were in order to chat quietly with their new neighbors, though old acquaintances they be.
Skylar was the only Lightwalker whose official identity was now ensconced in the hotel, thus was she required to don a new face for the outside world while the other four did likewise within, save for a few hours each week when she was needed at the vet clinic, what would Dr. Bob think did he but know!
“What do you think?” asked Gwen, her new identity’s name being Janine, of the five other girls gathered around her, two of those beautiful young faces being her great aunt and the pastor’s wife!
“Of what particularly, dear?” asked Phyllis, or Philippa, of her grammatically vague niece.
“Of everything thus far,” persisted the grinning girl, adding with a wink, “but you can’t call anyone dear, it might be fine in an old female relation but quite uncouth coming from a girl your age!”
“I suppose,” smiled Phyllis wryly, “but then I suppose this is new to everyone!”
“Quite,” said Lucy with a grim shake of her head, “I’ve done many things in my life but nothing like this!”
“Do you think Francesca and Jasmine will ever deign to come out of their rooms?” asked Rebecca quietly, who had kept her given name as it wasn’t particularly auntish.
“I hope so,” said Meaghan, nee Megan.
Said Skylar, also an original, “it all seems rather dull thus far,” added she with a shiver, “not that I’m looking forward to what is to come.”
“You don’t think this place is actually a brothel, do you?” asked Phyllis in absolute horror.
“Not one open to the public, at any rate,” said Lucy grimly, she having the most to fear of any of them, but they would see to it that no such tragedy befell her, whatever betide.
“I think that is just as much a pretext as the notion of this place being a modeling agency,” agreed Rebecca, “I think they are all euphemisms for the terrible plan for which this place was actually built.”
“Why don’t they just get it over with then?” frowned Gwen, “Why go to so much trouble to lure us here and make us feel all excited about the idea?”
“It can’t be done unwillingly,” said Lucy.
“How are they going to convince us to willingly do something like that?” replied the horrified Gwen.
“Indoctrinate us, wear us down, gradually change our behavior, morals, and perception,” said Megan grimly, “just like the Agency or the army or any political, social, or religious movement or organization.” 
“That’s why they are looking for ambitious but naïve girls who are rather friendless and poor,” nodded Rebecca sadly, thinking of her poor nieces.
“And they can honestly say the results of this little enterprise will certainly be world changing!” mused Skylar.
“I did want to go to college,” smiled Gwen grimly, “but I’m not sure this is the sort of education I was thinking of!”
Just then an Empty Suit interrupted their soiree, Megan gasped to see the vacant eyed, emotionless man had been Sullivan, but it paid her no particular heed, but rather pointed down the corridor towards their rooms and stood there staring vacantly at them until they complied, if only to escape that creepy stare, each going back to her particular cell, no matter how elegant or comfortable, hearing the door lock itself behind her, trapping her within for the night, at least if she was a creature of flesh and blood rather than one wrought of entrapped starlight.
Each found a stack of books, DVDs, magazines and other approved media for her consumption stacked on the bed.  Their personal effects had been rifled through and any ‘inappropriate’ material had been seized.  Each had access to the internet via various devices, but only a limited amount of content was available and communication abilities were severely limited.  Beside the stack of media options was a contract so thick that it was almost as tall as the stack of books, but in such an insignificant font that one either needed a magnifying glass or supernatural vision to read it.  The nieces had signed theirs without doing more than glancing through the first page and deciding it gave them a headache, but each of the newbies began reading at the beginning and wondered if they’d ever finish before the End of Days!
Looking through the ‘approved’ media and websites and TV channels available to them, Gwen began to understand how their worldview was to be gradually shifted away from whatever it currently was towards a viewpoint that would willingly accept whatever strange or terrible thing was asked of it by their peculiar hosts.  There was nothing too terrible or egregious or outrageous in any of it, but neither was there anything good, right, true, or beautiful.  It was all silly, thoughtless humor, plotless action thrills, vapid romances, shallow dramas, tales without a moral, mere candy for the eyes, starving the wit, the soul, the heart, the conscience, the personality.  And as they daily adapted to this bleak and soulless diet, gradually darker and ever more vicious material would be introduced, until they would blink or blush or pause at nothing they thought, saw, read, or did.
So too were they to be cut off from all ‘unapproved’ contact with the outside world, their correspondence would be supervised, what they sent out and what came in, visitors would be few or none, they were not to leave the hotel themselves without permission, and while they would be allowed to interact with their companions, there would be such an atmosphere of competition and distrust amongst them that they could only plot against and hate one another.  All this, the introductory letter from Mr. Cool assured them in the most vague and eager wording, was meant to turn them into the amazing and talented starlets they would one day be.
“It is delightfully wicked,” sighed Gwen to herself, setting the letter aside and staring at the stack of books and vapid movies with a sigh, “I wonder what Raven will have to say about it.”  With an eager smile, she suddenly began moving junk off the bed, and a minute later she lay unmoving and insensate thereupon, a condition which an unwitting observer might mistake for sleep.
There they were, all sharing a relieved and wondering grin over ice cream, Raven looking expectantly at each of the ladies for their reports of their first day’s work as undercover agents.  “I am glad we have the resources of eternity to fall back upon,” said Megan in grim horror as she summarized the affair thus far.
“What about my sister?” asked Ralph anxiously, “She can’t escape so easily as the rest of you!”
Rebecca smiled predaciously, as if a mother bear of imperiled cubs, “do you think we’d let anything befall her?  Are we not there to protect the innocent?”
“No,” said Raven gruffly, “while that may be part of your duty, your main goal is to do what you must to undermine this whole affair.”
There was a communal gasp at this, not least of all from Ralph, who grinned ruefully as he said aloud, “forgive my lack of faith, what must be will and I am selfish to ask that my sister’s personal interests be of more import than the actual threat this establishment poses to creation itself.”  He looked wonderingly at each bright and fervid set of eyes, saying quietly, “most of you have given up your mortal lives for precisely that, how could I or my sister do any less?”
Phyllis put a gentle hand on his and smiled reassuringly, “don’t worry lad, we’ll take good care of the girl, even if it isn’t our main duty, it is still an innate part of our service!”  He smiled gratefully at her before Gwen turned the subject to something completely unimportant and frivolous, thereby lightening the mood that was threatening to become grim indeed, perhaps the approved media was already beginning to have its effect?
She came to herself the next morning, at least she assumed it was morning, for there were no windows in the two upper levels of the hotel, all the light was artificial and the climate remotely controlled, leaving them no external sense of time of day or clues as to the weather or season without.  She heard a pounding on her door and sat up, Gwen jumped off the bed and hastily opened the door as another pounding ensued father down the hall, apparently the Suits were bringing up the breakfast trays and alerting the ladies that it was morning.
She took up her tray and settled into the desk chair, putting the food on the desk and removing the lid.  It was a well-balanced meal but rather bland, no colorful cereal or sticky rolls or even greasy eggs, rather it contained a cup of juice, a boiled egg, a cup of black coffee, a banana, a cup of plain yogurt, and a bowl of whole grain cereal slightly more tasty than the box it came in.  Dull but filling, nothing much to excite.  Its complete and utter boringness made her smile like an imp on holiday, assuming actual imps smiled like overly excited and eager teenage girls!
“The safest road to hell!” quoted she, rushing out of her room and barging into Skylar’s, whom she knew to be an avid student of a certain British philosopher who had written far more than just a beloved modern fairytale.
“I hate to think we’re living the Screwtape Letters,” replied Skylar wryly, as Gwen explained the reason for her sudden visit, “but it makes sense, sadly our hosts will use the book as a ‘how-to’ manual instead of learning a pointed lesson therefrom!”
Lucy knocked lightly on the door before entering, smiling happily to see her friends already gathering together, said she, “they’ve taken my embroidery!”
“Yes,” said Phyllis gravely, as if it was the very end of the world, as she came in behind the elf, “and my knitting.”
“Evil does not create in and of itself,” mused Lucy, “it can only corrupt and destroy, thus it would not want to encourage us in such an endeavor, which might remind us where we got our original interest and ability therein in the first place.  The same with food procurement and preparation.”
“And the complete lack of sunlight and weather and natural splendors,” sighed Rebecca, joining them in the now crowded room, “I already miss my garden and my houseplants!”
Megan shut the door as she was the final one to enter, nodding grimly as she said, “it’s all part of the plan to turn you into the people the organization wants you to be.”
Gwen frowned, “that sounds downright sinister but if the armed forces, the Agency, and even high school basketball teams do it on a regular basis, is it really that terrible?”
“It is like anything else, dear,” smiled Phyllis like a sphinx, “a sword in the wrong hands is a terrible thing but it can also be used by the forces of good to protect others.  This indoctrination or catechesis or whatever you want to call it is only as good or as bad as the worldview it is trying to teach its initiates.  Have you not endured the same of late?”
“Quite,” smiled the girl ruefully, but glancing around at the cheerful little gathering, she asked, “won’t they look down on these little social gatherings?”
“I’m sure they will eventually,” agreed Skylar, “but remember your own brainstorm, the safest road is the gradual one!  They won’t want to impose and interfere too much, at least initially, but they’ll take little, almost imperceptible, steps to get us there.”  She reached for a sword that wasn’t there and smiled like a knight about to enter the lists, “but never fear, we shall certainly do what we must!”  A hearty cheer erupted from every throat in that cramped little room and elicited an eager smile on each face.
Just then there came a knock at the door and Francesca stood there glowering at the lot of them, saying huffily, “what are you lot up to with all your noise?  Can’t you keep it down out of respect for others?”
“Why don’t you come in and join us?” queried Phyllis, heroically leaving off the dear.
“Why?” asked the girl, quite flabbergasted by the very idea, “I have quite enough to entertain and distract me in my own room, why would I want to waste my time with a bunch of silly girls that can do me no good?  Especially when only one of us can be the top model and the agency’s future star!”
“Aren’t you the least bit lonely?” asked Rebecca in wonder.
“Lonely?” blinked poor Frankie, as if she had never heard the word, “That’s quite a novel concept!  Lonely!  Hah!  In the age of social media?  Twenty-four hour news?  Endless choices for music, TV, and reading?  How can one be lonely?  We are no longer forced by mere necessity to interact with other individuals more than we like, and who would want to be exposed to the ridiculous opinions and annoying little ticks of their fellow man?  If I don’t like a show I’ll just change the channel, you can’t do that with a person!  Actually you can,” she smiled triumphantly at them before ducking out of the room and exhibiting just that, leaving the others to exchange sad and wondering glances.
“That girl needs a good spanking!” growled Phyllis in wonder, at which they could not help but laugh, knowing it true but trying to visualize the sometimes octogenarian doing just that, but then she had just beat a man half her age in a sword fight so anything was possible in this odd profession!
“Ladies, please return to your own rooms,” came a suave voice over the intercom, “we will begin our morning meditations in a few minutes.”
“Meditations?” blinked Skylar, “I thought these people would stay as far away from religion as possible!”
Megan smiled grimly, “any religion with actual stories and characters and a history and rules and depth and truth claims, certainly, but the foggy and vague buffet of ‘choose your own spirituality’ is right up their alley.”
“Quite,” sighed Gwen, asking with a frown, “can we even participate in such an endeavor?”
“As long as your focus is on the True God and His revealed Word,” agreed Skylar, “meditation has long been practiced by the Church, even if it has fallen out of modern vogue.”  With a conspiratorial grin, they left Skylar’s cell and sought out their own, wherein the voice over the intercom led them in the morning meditations, whatever each participant chose them to be. 


12

 After meditation was exercise, they were told to turn their televisions to a certain channel and follow along with the person on the screen, a person alone in a beige and grey gym, even her workout clothes, water bottle, and weights were of that color scheme, if it could be called that.  The music in the background might have accompanied one on a journey by elevator or whilst waiting eternally on one end of the phone for a minion of corporate America to pick up on the other.  It was all very unexciting, by design of course, and after cleaning up and getting ready for the day, it was time for lunch, another bland but balanced meal, and then a recommended nap or time to read approved literature, the ladies rather preferring to leave their posh little cells and talk in the common area.
After the rest period, it seemed their education was to begin, with a ‘modeling’ curriculum playing on the specified channel, though it seemed to have very little to do with actual modeling and was rather a mess of intellectual flotsam and jetsam, haphazardly washed ashore after the storm of cultural relativism and post-modernism had devastated the flotilla of human knowledge containing such antiquated ships as commonsense and wisdom.  But to an unthinking, unreasoning mind not used to analyzing the verity of the data it pulled in, but rather just acknowledging it before either forgetting it, passing it on to others, or integrating it into one’s own thought patterns, it was a buffet of choice dishes ripe for the tasting.
“They are doing their work well,” sighed Megan, plopping herself down in a chair in the common room after the day’s educational segment.
“Evil can be efficient,” agreed Lucy grimly, “at least when it wants to be.”
“How are you holding out?” asked Phyllis of the only true prisoner among them.
The elfin girl shrugged, but smiled hopefully, “without you, my friends, I would be in dire straits indeed.”
“How can we be in two places at once?” asked Rebecca in wonder, “When I lay down at night, suddenly I’m Mrs. Reverend Pots and I can do whatever I usually do on a Thursday afternoon or Saturday morning, and then when I lay down again, I’m back here and it is time to wake up.”
“What is time to one beyond it?” smiled Gwen, as if she actually knew anything about their intriguing profession, Lucy giving her a patient look since Raven wasn’t there to do it for them, at which they all burst out laughing, mostly in relief at the oppressive atmosphere that seemed to choke the very air of that dull and tedious place.
Two desperate heads poked out of their respective rooms, not that they would ever admit as much, most especially to themselves, but the sisters exchanged a mystified look at the novel sound before emerging fully and venturing forth to discover what exactly it was.  To see the other girls sitting comfortably around the common room laughing, talking, and joking was a strange sight indeed.
“What are you doing?” asked Jasmine in horror, “They don’t like us to socialize with the competition or make such scenes!  Have you no control?”
“We aren’t going to compete for anything,” said Megan, crossing her arms and defying anyone to make her do otherwise.
“And yes, we have plenty of control,” replied Skylar, “but this place is too controlled already, it needs all the joyous outbursts we can supply, lest we all lapse into a coma and not even notice!”
“You’re right,” said Francesca with a pensive frown, “what we need is boys!  A party!”
“What has that to do with our rebellious little conclave here?” frowned Gwen in wonder.
“It’s the only logical way to import joy and frivolity and excitement,” lectured Jazz, as if a silly child had asked why water was wet.
“Or you could just join us for a little lively conversation,” proposed Lucy hopefully.
“What can any of you possibly have to say that is worth listening to?” asked the horrified Frankie, “Now at a party one need not say anything, at least anything worth remembering the next morning, what with the loud music and the drinking, one is quite free to do as one wants without worry or restraint or consequences!  And did I mention boys?”  At their rather horrified and perplexed looks, she added with a condescending laugh, “you little midwestern girls are so quaint!  You belong in a museum somewhere!”  Laughing scornfully, both girls retreated to their respective rooms as the others exchanged a pathetic look, wondering what would come of the poor nieces and if there was anything they could do to change it

“It’s a party!” said Jazz eagerly, banging on Gwen’s door the next morning even before the breakfast tray arrived, continued she without pausing for either breath or a reaction from her companion, “I called down to Mr. Cool himself and he loved the idea, tonight!  Boys!  Isn’t it exciting!”  She dashed down to the next door to continue her joyous proclamation, the recipients thereof could only exchange a wondering look before withdrawing again into their own rooms as that bearer of gladsome tidings began anew with the occupant of the third door down.
Supper had followed their brief council of whimsy and then a required movie night, each girl locked into her room and watching the flick by herself, a cheesy romantic comedy, harmless in its own right but just another building block of disaster when combined with everything else.  It was then bedtime and morning had followed evening, the first official day, seeming to continue until the End of Days, or at least until they were lulled into a proper state of ennui and apathy thereby!  But a party?  Gwen could only hope the color scheme wasn’t beige and grey!

Simmons listened in astonishment as Mr. Cool suavely told him, as he did everything apparently, to find a complement of guys for the evening’s proposed festivity, “get me a half dozen rowdies, roughs, toughs, and rogues; a drunken cowboy or two, some punk-wanna-bes, kids who think they are tough, the high school jocks and party animals, it doesn’t matter, just make sure they aren’t someone Pastor Pots would like to see his daughter dating!  That shouldn’t be too difficult, even Podunk must have its seedy side.”
“Yes, sir,” said Simmons, “as for that Pots fellow, he’s started hanging about with those wretched ghosts, to say nothing of his regrettable church doings, can I…”
“Absolutely not,” said Mr. Cool stonily, “the last thing we want to do is inflame the local community in one way or another,” added he with a wry, sneering grin, “look what the mere hint of a rumor of the history and possible future of our little establishment did!  Now leave the local yokels alone and do as I have already asked.  That regrettable little dust-up at the ice cream parlor the other night was certainly the last thing we need right now, all such heretics will eventually get their due, but right now we have more important matters to accomplish than mopping up little cells of futile rebellion.  Find that FIA agent as well, I need to have a talk with him about this too!”
Simmons growled under his breath but left to do as he had been told, but a terrible smile, dead and cruel, grew upon his countenance as he contemplated exactly how long it would be until he was in charge, he’d get Agent Chalk and the party boys, but then he had his own little errands to be about; he’d undermine Mr. Cool and then everyone would see how one went about properly ruling the world!
The anxious agent presented himself as demanded, wondering who exactly he was supposed to be taking orders from, the head of the department or the agency approved Mr. Cool?  He shivered in dread, and it wasn’t over the knots in the chain of command, but the simple ambiance of either the place, Cool, or both.  “Ah, Agent Chalk, thank you for coming,” sneered Cool regally, “please do not do anything rash to further upset the locals, please?  I want them soothed back into their perpetual coma and looking any direction but mine.  Next time you plan a raid, I want to know about it first.”
“Yes, sir,” sighed Chalk in relief at actually receiving similar orders from both his seeming superiors on this unfathomable mission.
“That will be all,” said Cool, turning his chair and resuming his study of the stack of papers on his desk, as if he had forgotten the agent’s presence already, and as far as Chalk was concerned, that was a very good thing indeed!

A quick stop at the police station and high school, and a brief chat with the deputy and principal respectively, was all it took to track down the required party guests, sending a Suit off with an invitation to each concluded the business, leaving Simmons free to be about his own little conspiracy.  Cool might turn a blind eye to such heretics but Simmons wasn’t about to have the ridiculous fools stirring up trouble in his town!  If he could but cut the head off the snake, the body would wither and no one would be crazy enough to try resurrecting it, if they were, well they’d just find out why that was a really dumb idea and that would hopefully be the end of it.
The Shadow Man stopped by the church but there was no one there, which was just as well, this shouldn’t take place where just anyone might walk in.  He stalked over to the parsonage and found the Pastor and his lady chatting over apple pie and coffee after supper.  The poor fellow didn’t even have time to blink before it was over, and even as the woman was about to scream or faint or whatever it was women did at such awkward times, he snapped her neck as easily as if she was a pigeon.  He took a bite of the half-eaten slice in front of the slumped form of the woman and smiled, not bad, not bad at all!  He tossed the remainder on the floor, plate and all, where it shattered with a lovely crash as he jauntily left the room; he loved his work!
Agent Chalk stayed hidden in the shrubs on the edge of the yard, wondering what dreadful scene awaited within.  He had no sooner left Cool’s office than he saw Agent Simmons, former agent that is, sauntering past and had followed him first to the church and then to this house.  He didn’t know what was going on in this strange little town, but it was getting downright eerie, even to a man from the Supernatural Department.  Chalk made sure the Shadow Man was completely out of sight and hearing, before venturing into the little house, grimacing at what waited within.  Not that he hadn’t seen death in a myriad of forms, but the pure efficiency and speed with which the pair had been dispatched, and the pleasure the killer had taken in it, was what turned his stomach.  He understood that sometimes innocent life must be sacrificed for the greater good but to kill simply for the joy of it was nauseating.  What happened next was downright impossible.
Mrs. Pots sat up, grimaced in disgust at her broken plate and the mess the remaining pie had made on the floor, but smiled wryly to see Agent Chalk standing there in absolute shock, an expression that might be wonder or horror or probably a strange hybrid of both covering his face.  Said she blithely, as he tried to contain his surprise, “I thought you worked for the Department of Supernatural whatever?  Haven’t you seen stranger things than this?”
“Actually no,” said he, mastering his tongue, “I’ve read some very strange reports but this is my first field assignment with this department, though I was active enough in the field in my previous position.”
She nodded as if he had said it looked like rain, as she reached over and touched the murdered pastor, a flash of light passing between them and the esteemed reverend sitting up with an embarrassed outburst, “gracious!  Did I really fall asleep, and over your pie too?!”
“No dear,” laughed she, “you were dead.”
“Oh,” smiled Mr. Pots in greatest glee, “that’s quite another matter entirely.”  Only then did he notice the gaping agent, his smile deepening, the pastor motioned towards an empty chair and the pie plate still half full of warm apple pie.
“I’ll go get some fresh coffee,” smiled Rebecca, winking at Agent Chalk as he stiffly took the indicated seat, as if suddenly a few thousand years old.

Tristan found himself suddenly hiding behind a tree on the edge of the park, keenly and curiously watching an Empty Suit approaching, a very tempting envelope in one hand.  Quick as thought, the boy dashed out of the bushes, snatched the envelope, and ran off in the opposite direction, leaving the Suit standing foolishly in the middle of the road with nothing to give to the person he had been directed to find.  The Suit couldn’t think or speak or do much of anything except exactly what it was told, this being impossible as it had lost its envelope, it merely turned around and walked back to the hotel to await new orders, unable even to tell anyone it had failed.
The boy jogged back to their apartment and handed Raven the unopened missive, he glanced at it curiously, all the more so as the boy was nearly dancing with impatience to know what it said, as if he was a boy of six and it was the long awaited invitation to the birthday party of the year!  Raven took out a pair of reading glasses, which drove poor Tristan nearly mad with anticipation, as no Lightwalker ever had compromised vision, but Raven ignored this little fact and proceeded as swiftly as Aunt Phyllis might, slowly and carefully opening the envelope, as if he might want to reuse it for something else, and then gently unfolding the hastily scribbled note and painstakingly reading it through a hundred times just to be certain of what it said.
At last he smiled broadly and tossed the letter to the frantic boy with a laugh, “looks like we have a party to attend!”  Which satisfied that desperate little boy no end, his eyes alight with mischief itself.

The seedy looking bunch of reprobates and ne’er-do-wells arrived at roughly the desired time, Simmons meeting them at the door with half a dozen Suits and escorting them to the third floor, which was a huge open space for just such functions as this.  It was dark, save the strobe lighting, music blared from somewhere so loud it was impossible to discover the genre, and there was a table of snacks and drinks and more exotic stimulants should one have the need or desire thereof.  The guys who were anything but gentlemen were escorted into the party room and left to themselves while presumably the ladies were being fetched.  Simmons was content with the turn out, he had invited over a dozen and hoped half that many would show up, eight was even better than he had expected.  What he didn’t know was that at least half of those invitations never made it into the right hands but the Suits weren’t telling.
“I’ve been to some interesting parties over the years,” said Ralph conversationally to the overly pierced and completely black clad individual beside him, “but nothing remotely like this!”
“I wouldn’t really consider this a party in the historical context of the word, certainly,” agreed said figment, his words a stark contrast to his appearance, “but merely an aberration of the idea peculiar to the last century or so.”
“Quite,” agreed the elf, smiling broadly, and glancing at the snack and stimulant table, he added wryly, “and I should have brought some coffee!”
“We don’t want to inadvertently injure anyone,” cautioned Raven with a mad glee in his voice, “so I think it is for the best.”  Ralph smiled noncommittally by way of reply, as if he wasn’t quite sure he agreed totally with his friend.

Rebecca must have thought along the same lines as their elvish friend, for when she went into the kitchen to freshen up the pot, she added a little of Ralph’s famous coffee, as it seemed poor Agent Chalk needed something of the sort, desperately by the look of it, and it really did go well with a nice slice of apple pie.  Smiling keenly, she brought out the whipped topping as well, so if there were any therapeutic benefits in dessert, she could not now be accused of neglect!
“What is going on with you people?” queried the stymied man, coffee and pie having restored at least his ability to speak coherently, wondering if he was going mad or the world was.
“Are you a believing men, sir?” asked Albert, pushing the coffee pot towards their agitated guest.
“What particularly?” asked the agent, helping himself to a third cup, finding the brew strangely exhilarating, he’d have to ask what the lady had done to it, on second thought he probably didn’t want to know, if it could truly raise the dead, the stuff might well be dangerous to the living!
“Anything, everything?” grinned the portly little pastor.
“I didn’t think this sort of thing sits well with your own professed beliefs?” retorted Chalk by way of reply, hoping to gain a few minutes to actually put his thoughts in order, he had never been asked or even contemplated such a thing and it actually made him curious as to the answer.
“And where does the Bible say it cannot be?” grinned Mr. Pots, taking a sip of his coffee, “It is certainly strange, untoward, and unanticipated, but the central aspect of our faith is the very idea that a Man can rise from the dead, that indeed He did, and that He is but the first, it is a promise to all the children of God that death has been defeated and the grave has lost its sting.”
“At least it seems you aren’t zombies or ghouls or vampires or something equally unsettling,” shivered Agent Chalk, “in fact you seem very much yourselves; if I hadn’t seen it I would not have believed it!”
“And who else would we be?” queried that reverend man with a teasing smile, “Are we not who and what He has created us to be?  Why would something so silly as death change that?”
“Silly?!” squawked the agent in surprise, “I’ve heard death called many things but never that!”
“Forgive me,” smiled Albert gravely, “I thought the same just the other day, before…well, once you have walked through that door let us just say it isn’t as terrible or scary as we spend all our mortal days dreading.”  He paused for a long, awful moment and then continued, “at least for those who are prepared, for all others, I do believe it is quite dreadful indeed and they rightly fear it.”
“Oh that I had such faith,” repined the thirsty man, though starting on his fourth cup, wondering vaguely how that was even possible unless the secret ingredient was salt.
“But you can,” grinned the pastor exuberantly, “is that not why you are here and why He came?”
“But, but, but…” began the protests.
“But nothing,” scolded Mr. Pots in feigned severity, “there’s nothing, absolutely nothing, that can disqualify you from the Kingdom of Heaven save your own selfish pride, now are you interested or not?”
“Quite,” smiled Chalk like an eager little boy whom grandma had just promised a treat, and not one of those peppermints from the bottom of her purse either!

“Have you ever been to a party?” asked Tristan of Pastor Pots, the former guised as a promising juvenile delinquent and the latter a rough and tumble biker of long experience.
“I wouldn’t call this a party,” chuckled that anything but reverend exterior, “I went to a few things back in college that might have been what these fellows are trying to mimic, but this is just ridiculous!”  At Tristan’s wondering gape, the man continued, “come lad, is it so hard to believe that pastors are people too?  With as many faults and foibles and quirks?”
“I suppose so,” mused the boy grimly, as if the idea had never occurred to him.
“What of all those ‘heroes of the faith?’” continued Albert with a wry grin, “A bunch of sinners, murderers, idolaters, swindlers, cowards, adulterers, liars, and so forth!  For such are we all.  Now quit gaping like a baby monkey and look like a troublesome young fellow up to no good.”  At the boy’s curious look, said pastor who was also a real person laughed, “I know you were a little boy once, this should be second nature…”  He paused thoughtfully and smiled ruefully, “at least it used to be, I have no idea what is now ‘natural’ for any of us!”  They shared a grin before parting to chat, or at least to try talking with, the strangers at the party, not that anyone without supernaturally good hearing could perceive anything above the thumping of the bass.

Jeremy Chalk sat back in his chair, the coffee pot and his cup empty, as was the pie tin, but too preoccupied to notice this travesty.  He looked keenly at the little pastor’s neutral expression but saw the kindness and hope in those watching eyes, said he at last, “why did I never know this before?  Where has it been all my life?”
“At the very door of your heart,” smiled Mrs. Pots brightly, adding with a sad smile, “but oftentimes we are too busy or important or self-sufficient to notice.”
The man grinned in spite of his seeming years and supposed wisdom, his worldliness and his training, he was a little boy again, standing at the door, ready to open it wide to that persistent and hopeful Knocker without.

“What’s our plan of action?” asked Albert of Raven, as they stood munching some sort of appetizer thing by the snack table.
Raven shrugged, “we’ll know what we must when we must, until then we can only theorize.”
“Is that what I’m doing?” gasped Mr. Pots in wonder and embarrassment, “I’m as bad as a little boy!”
“There’s nothing more fun or endearing than the kids shaking their Christmas presents and meticulously questioning their parents and one another trying to figure out what’s in them,” laughed Raven, “some things never change.”
“Quite,” smiled Albert in delighted relief, but adding seriously, “I believe we should make ourselves acquainted with my nieces, the rest of the ladies can fend for themselves, though I fear you have the advantage of all of us, my friend.”
“Yes, the grim, dark, enigmatic stranger is always attractive to a certain romantic strain of female,” smiled Raven archly, “but I believe the elf has all of us beat!”
“I believe it is all a matter of taste,” laughed Albert, eyeing Ralph amusedly, who looked to be a member of a rogue European boy band or a continental artist who thought it fun to try ‘slumming’ in the sticks of a less cultured land.
“I believe you are quite right,” said Raven, his attention now drawn towards the door, as at last something seemed imminent, besides the throbbing of the so-called music, the indifference of their novel companions, and the nascent migraine that was the lighting.

“Agent Chalk,” said Mr. Cool abruptly, spinning in his chair and facing the FIA man with a stern glare, “What did I say about leaving well enough alone?”
Shivered the man, despite his intentions to the contrary, “I just had coffee and pie, sir, what could be more homey and rustic than that?”
“I do not like your interference in these matters,” hissed he, cold as the proverbial snake, “why can’t you hop the next bus out of town and spare us all from your antics?”
“Orders, sir,” quavered he.
Cool slammed his fist on the desk and snarled, “you are working for me!  Now get lost!”
“I can’t do that sir,” stuttered the man, his knees quaking.
Cool’s slow, evil smile was horrible indeed, as he called, “Simmons!”
“Yes, sir?” asked the junior Shadow Man, rushing into the room.
“What were you up to at the parsonage this afternoon?” asked Cool, as if it was of no matter to him.  At the other’s gasp and desperate grasping after a proper lie, Cool merely raised his gun, which had been lying on the desk, as if a paperweight, and shot Simmons dead, or he would have, had the man not been considered such already.  He watched the corpse intently, forcing Chalk to unwittingly do likewise as another wave of horror washed over him.  An inky black substance seemed to ooze out of the body, it blinked its fiery eyes once in surprise, before hissing in terror and vanishing deeper into the building’s interior.  The body itself shakily got to its feet, blinked likewise, before shuffling over to the far wall and standing as if a statue.
Cool’s smile became far more malevolent as he again addressed his thoroughly horrified guest, “now about my orders?”
“I can’t leave sir,” shuddered the terrified man, somehow able to stand despite his quaking knees.
Cool aimed the gun at Chalk and smiled at his horridest yet, “then I’ll have to do it myself, I hope your Second is better able to listen to instruction than his superior, goodbye Chalk, but not too quickly, I wouldn’t want to make this easy for you!”  He shot the man in the chest, as emotionlessly as he might swat a fly, and returned to whatever this interview had interrupted, saying bluntly to the two Suits that stood by the adjacent wall, “toss him in the dumpster.”  They mindlessly took up the dying man, the wound eventually fatal but not immediately so, and left the room.

“Here come the girls!” said one of the male guests, “It’s about time they opened this place up to the public!”
“Don’t you have any idea how to treat a lady?” growled Tristan, obligingly punching the lout in the nose, launching them both into a brawl in which another of the strangers joined in, just for the fun of it, and which four Suits had to physically separate the rogues, doing as they had previously been instructed and carting the reprobates down to the first floor and tossing them in the dumpster out back.  The two actual rogues immediately climbed out, cussing and cursing and shouting their displeasure, but Tristan stayed quiet and unmoving where he had landed.  The unhappy pair vanished into the night, leaving the boy alone with his rather novel discovery.
He studied the body beside him, noting the gunshot wound and bloody shirt, all quite visible to his strange eyes even in the poor light afforded by the dim bulb perched precariously over the hotel’s backdoor.  He recognized the man as the most outspoken of the FIA agents stationed in Podunk, and wondered what he had done to cross Cool and end up murdered in a dumpster, he must have spoken that thought aloud, for amazingly there was at least a little life left in the fellow as he answered of his own accord.
“Had pie and coffee…” gasped the wounded man with his dying breath, before he slumped atop the pile of trash that composed his bier even as his eyes glazed vacantly.
“Just stay away from that elvish stuff,” smiled the boy sadly, wondering what he should do now.
“Elvish stuff?” queried what had been a corpse but a moment before, but now grinned like mirth herself.
“It’s a long story,” smiled the boy for all he was worth, but frowning slightly he asked, “just where did you have said pie and coffee?”  With a laugh, Jeremy told his strange tale before Tristan offered him a welcoming hand, saying, “welcome Home, my friend!”  They shared a cordial laugh and an eager glance, before crawling from the dumpster like the sensible people they ought to be, their physical visage shifting as they trotted out of the alley and back towards the front of the building, where stood Mr. Cool himself, suddenly bereft of cronies as he was.
A little surprised but not displeased, he asked them to accompany him into the hotel for a brief interview, Chalk amazed that he wasn’t anywhere near as cowed, terrified, or intimidated on this second interview of the night, the boy’s twinkling eyes in nowise frightened but betraying the lad’s amusement at Jeremy’s equally calm reaction thereto, but then when once someone had killed you, what worse could they do?  With this astonishing thought, he went through the vague pleasantries upon which Cool prided himself, before their equally vague answers won them a ticket upstairs to the so-called party just then beginning to get interesting, for the ladies had just come in.
“Have fun boys!” said Cool maliciously as he pointed up the stairs and told the nearest Suit, “Take them upstairs.”  Chalk grinned wryly at their escort, for it was one of the very fellows that had recently carried out his dying body, but the irony was sadly lost upon the unfeeling automaton, which made the man smile all the more.
They were installed as the newest guests at the pathetic little party, all the girls watching curiously along with half the men, the others were too busy trying to woo the ladies to care or notice.  The Suit shut the door behind them, Agent Chalk hearing the lock click as they moved forward into the room.  Raven immediately accosted the newcomers, Tristan betraying himself with his boyish grin, but his companion completely confounding the vastly experienced man, for this was no common thug, lout, or layabout, but a man with vast experience in the wide world and a keen intellect and deep understanding to go with it.  Save Raven himself, he was the most dangerous person in that room, while the elves were vastly older, wiser, and had a depth of understanding beyond human comprehension, their more genial and gentle nature also made them far from terrifying as foes, save at the uttermost end of need, when they could be fierce indeed.
“I don’t believe we’ve met?” began Raven, but Chalk’s eyes twinkled and told him that was certainly not the case.  Raven looked a question at the boy, who only shrugged but said nothing, leading his new friend deeper into the room, Raven following like an old lion baffled by the antics of half-grown cubs.
“Are you sure you want to toy with that fellow?” queried Chalk in wonder.
“What do you think he, or anyone, can do to us?” smiled Tristan impishly, “But come, we have something to do here, else we wouldn’t have been reinvited.”  They approached Lucy, who was hanging back by the snack table, not quite sure what to do with herself, already nursing a baby migraine that promised to grow into a peculiarly impressive specimen.
She seemed to recognize Tristan in the vastly grinning boy, it must be that awful grin, but she had no idea who his companion was, having accounted for everyone else of her acquaintance amongst the partygoers.  “Milady,” said the boy cordially, “may I introduce a friend of mine?”
“Any friend of yours,” smiled she, her eyes sparkling in mirth to be in on the joke, Raven hovering in the background like a panther with dyspepsia in his continued ignorance as to what the kid was up to and now the elf maiden was in on it too.
“This isn’t wise,” cautioned Jeremy, catching Raven’s watchful eye, whereupon the older man smiled in grim anticipation.
“What are you three up to?” queried Raven at last, eyeing the lot of them as if he suspected some little mischief but couldn’t prove it, which was undoubtedly the case.
“I have no idea,” smiled Lucy primly, but taking Jeremy’s hand, asked if he might honor her with a dance.
“If you can call this dancing,” quipped he, “but I’d be delighted,” leaving Tristan to grin the more at Raven’s perplexity.
Raven wandered over to join Ralph and the nieces, who were obviously smitten with his bohemian air and the intelligence, wit, and kindness that undergirded it all: a true gentleman in roguish guise.  Nor were they disappointed to have Raven join their little company, as he was almost as intriguing as his friend.  They couldn’t exactly comport themselves as old friends nor could Ralph ask about the fellow with his sister, but then Raven didn’t have anything to say upon that head anyway!  Instead, they let the ladies lead the conversation, such of it as there was, their glinting eyes saying more of real meaning between the old friends than the girls verbally managed the entire night.

Tristan joined the two remaining actual rogues, who were eagerly helping themselves to a little external courage before attempting another rendezvous with anyone of the female persuasion.  The other ladies were gathered in a small clump on the far side of the room, like kids at a junior high dance too abashed to do anything but look across the vast empty wastes of the gym to where the opposite sex had gathered in its own protective herd on the far side.
“What do you think?” grinned the boy unabashedly, to the indifferent boys helping themselves to food, drink, and assorted chemicals.  They both studiously ignored him, assuming he must be talking to someone else, but he was persistent, and wouldn’t take no for an answer until they had driven him off with threats of actual violence.  He grinned wryly and went to go bother the ladies.
“Poor friendless wanderer,” smiled Gwen impishly upon his bold approach, “what makes you think you will find solace or comfort here when other men have cast you out?”
“Pity?” asked he hopefully.
Laughed Megan, “I’m not sure that’s a trait we’re encouraged to exercise around here!”
“By the looks of him,” sniffed Phyllis, “he needs a trip to the woodshed instead!”
“What do physical appearances mean to us?” laughed Rebecca archly, her sparkling eyes taking in both her own and her elderly friend’s utterly changed exteriors.
“I guess it is a case of the pot and kettle at that,” grinned Phyllis at the irony, no less delighted than her friend therein, but still showing no mercy to such a scampish person as was Tristan’s usual wont, still very much an aunt within, no matter her outward appearance!  Said she to the scandalous personage, whether his person or his grin was worse, she wasn’t sure, “just who is that fellow dancing with Lucy?”  He might have learned that irksome grin from Raven himself, but it was the only answer forthcoming, it only slipped when Phyllis grinned in such a way in reply that he truly wondered if she did mean to take her original threat quite seriously!


13

The night wore on, as tediously as is the wont of such functions, the single ladies withdrawing only half an hour after Tristan’s second appearance, leaving him to study the antics of Pastor Pots and the actual rogues who had been helping themselves to the provided refreshments.  All three appeared to be passed out under the table containing the more dangerous stuff, apparently they couldn’t hold their munchies or whatever it was.  With a grin, the boy dashed off to the main door while the girls took the private stairs back to their own quarters.  He banged on the door until it was opened by an unenthused Suit, whereat he pointed at the wastrels under the table.  The figure said nary a word but exchanged a glance with its fellow door warder before both entered the room, confiscating both the too avid partiers and the astonished but intrigued Tristan.
The three former were placed in the appropriate receptacle, and it wasn’t the recycling bin, while Tristan found himself in Cool’s office.  The man studied the roguish boy and couldn’t help smiling, though it wasn’t a comforting expression, not in the least, said he without preamble, “I need someone to do odd jobs around here, are you such a man?”
“Maybe,” frowned Tristan, “how much are you paying and what would I be doing?”
“Hah!” barked Cool, “Now that is something I had not considered, why not rent a myrmidon instead of recruiting henchmen!  Excellent!  My previous recruits have been either too ambitious or had none at all.  You will be motivated by money and that is precisely what I need, not someone looking to oust me to his own benefit.”  They haggled for a few minutes before a deal was reached and the boy was sent off on a few minor but vital tasks left unfinished with no junior Shadow Man to be about them.

Jeremy and Lucy withdrew to the elf maiden’s chambers a few minutes after the majority of the ladies vacated the room, the light and noise giving the lady quite a headache, while Chalk marveled at his very lack thereof.  Said she with a teasing grin as she opened the door, “I’ve never asked a man into my private chambers before.”
“I’m afraid I’ll prove to be a rather uninteresting companion for the evening,” laughed he in reply, adding wanly, as if he felt suddenly faint, “then again, what do I know?”  He collapsed on the sofa, eyes staring blankly at something only he could see.  She shook her head in wonder, but left him where he fell as she ventured deeper into the room, wondering what strange adventure he was about at a different where or when, certain that at least he was having an interesting evening, even if he could not be such a companion himself!

Agent Chalk found himself in the reception area outside the office of the Head of the Department of Supernatural Affairs on some forgotten floor of the FIA’s headquarters.  The girl at the desk waved him through and without hesitation, but certainly confused, he entered the office.  The man behind the desk blinked in surprise, but otherwise did not show his astonishment, but rather smiled in curious welcome and motioned to the chair across from him.
“How can I assist you Agent Chalk?” queried the flummoxed elf, though a man to Jeremy’s perception, added Randalf with a wan, perplexed smile, “I thought you would be in North Dakota by now?”
“I am or was?” frowned Jeremy in consternation, looking helplessly at his superior, he asked, “What’s the date?”  The man’s jaw dropped to discover himself several days in the past and in two places at once besides.
The elf took pity on the man, laughing brightly to break the awkward silence, “come man, what is the trouble?  Remember the Department we work for and believe that not much is like to surprise me!”
Jeremy collapsed into the chair behind him while Randalf ordered some real coffee, paging his receptionist over the phone.  He gave the confounded man time to regain control of his sensibilities and waited until the girl had come and gone before urging the man to take a sip from the mug on the desk before him.  “Thank you,” sighed Agent Chalk in relief, “that’s just the thing!”
“Real Elvish Coffee,” grinned the real elf at his stymied companion, “and that you can so easily stomach the stuff and appear to be having problems of both a spatial and temporal nature, I believe I might actually know more of your kerfuffle than you at the moment.”  The man’s eyes begged for answers, as the elf laughed merrily before continuing, “when I sent you off to investigate whatever is happening in Podunk, you weren’t apt to believe in things unseen, despite the Department you work for, correct?”
“Yes, sir,” grinned the man ruefully, taking another bracing swig.
“And here you are in the past, at least to your perception?” continued Randalf, adding with a grin that might make any imp jealous, “And in a different place too?”
“Quite,” agreed the man.
“What happened?” asked the elf bluntly.
“I went to North Dakota as instructed, we made contact with both the Hotel establishment and the man called Raven, and then the whole world turned upside down!” replied he, adding with a pensive frown but a wry grin, “Or rather it will!  You ordered us to stand down in regards to Raven and his associates; Mr. Cool, the seeming head of this little hotel venture, told me the same thing regarding both himself and his interests and the mysterious Raven.  I followed one of Cool’s henchmen about town, as the fellow seemed to be up to something and I had nothing better to do.  He murdered a local pastor and his wife, seemingly for the fun of it, and went about his other errands as if he had just run up town for milk and eggs!  I was surveying the carnage when the impossible happened.  The dead sat up and asked me to coffee.”
He smiled reminiscently at the brew in his cup and continued, “exactly the same stuff as this!  We talked for some time before I finally realized how woefully bankrupt was my soul and actually started to listen to, and believe in, Greater Things!  Afterwards I went to confront Cool about his minion’s activities and was shot for my trouble.  They left me in the dumpster out back, and when I woke up, there was a scamp of a boy there grinning at me.  We went upstairs to some sort of awful party where I danced with a young lady for half an hour before passing out on her sofa and finding myself here.”
“How many of our agents has Mr. Cool accounted for thus far?” asked the elf grimly.
“Including myself, he’s shot two of us and two more have…” he sought desperately for a word to describe the bizarre reality he now inhabited, settling for, “defected?  They joined Cool for a little while but both are now nothing more than mindless bodies in dark suits.”
“Empty Suits,” nodded the elf succinctly, “four Agents dead and for what?”  He buzzed his secretary again, saying, “can I get an appointment with the Head of the Agency some time today?”  The girl made her inquiries and reported back with the meeting time.  He smiled at Chalk, an eager predacious thing, saying in anticipation, “things are about to get interesting in Podunk!”
“Your orders sir?” queried Chalk hesitantly, hoping that smile wasn’t meant for him personally.
“I have no idea!” laughed the elf ruefully, “That will be up to the Head of the Agency.  I was ordered to dispatch a team to keep an eye on Raven and to assure that this hotel project wasn’t interfered with, but I believe the time has come for a little interference on our part.  Whatever Cool’s hold over the politicians and bureaucrats who actually run the Agency, I doubt his treatment of our agents thus far will go unnoticed.  Return to your post and do what you must, my friend!”
“But sir!” protested Chalk, “My orders?”
The elf laughed brightly, “the Agency will send its response, but you don’t work for me anymore, my friend, though we do serve the same Master!”  Jeremy vanished in a flash of light, leaving Randalf to grin brightly over his coffee, sometimes he truly loved this job!

Oliver Stone arrived uneventfully one evening in Podunk, looking indifferently around at the comatose little hunk of nowhere, he smiled scornfully and continued driving, wondering how long it would take to find the FIA agents already stationed in the area.  He had their address, at least the most recent to be had, but it sounded rather grim, with half the team already dead or missing.  He drove past the infamous hotel, wondering what was going on within to cause so much trouble for the Agency and what he was supposed to do about it.  As he passed, he saw a scampish looking lad dash out the door and run off in the opposite direction, he made a mental note of the fellow but continued on his way, in search of the remaining agents.
He found nothing to work with.  The four survivors had the necessary skills for the tasks asked of them and were good enough at following orders that they had been assigned to a field unit, but that was the end of their prowess.  There was no ambition or initiative amongst the lot of them: they could only take orders, not think outside the box and act of their own accord, with their leadership missing, they could do little but sit around the little house and wonder what to do.  He left them to their stewing, after gleaning what little information he could from the lot of them.
Getting back in his car, he wondered if a drive might help him think, and as he idled about town, he watched keenly for that rascal of a boy he had seen earlier, wondering if he could at least get his foot in the door of Mr. Cool’s mysterious establishment.  And there he was, talking to some rough looking fellows even Agent Stone would be hesitant to meet in a dark alley.  As Stone pulled over to the adjacent curb, the thugs drew back into the shadows but the boy studied him keenly.  He opened the door and said gruffly, “get in!”  Tristan shrugged and immediately complied.  “I need to see your boss,” continued Stone.  The boy’s answering grin was mischief itself!

Albert awoke in the back dumpster, as apparently everyone in this story did, but as his two seedy companions didn’t seem able to do likewise, no matter how he encouraged them, he fumbled in his pocket for a cell phone and called an ambulance.  He saw the poor fellows interred securely in the local emergency room before vanishing into an empty exam room to vanish indeed.

Tristan easily bypassed the Suits guarding the door, grinningly bringing his new friend with him, not yet having succeeded in his list of errands but figuring this would be a lot more interesting.  There sat Mr. Cool in his office, looking up in surprise at the intrusion, but rather curious as to who this falcon was that had followed the impish little sparrow into his demesne.  “And who might you be?” queried Cool casually, but full of unspoken menace, particularly at the rascally grinning boy who had dared importune him thus.
“Never mind that,” smiled Stone, a barely visible quirk of his lips that said Mr. Cool had met his match indeed.
“I have ways of making you talk,” replied Cool coldly, the anticipation sending a shudder up the spines of both his unwanted guests.
“Whatever you do,” growled Stone, “I won’t talk!”
“Perhaps not,” smiled Cool, slight as smile could be but containing nothing but eager malice, “but it shall be an enjoyable procedure and little matters whether you tell me anything useful or not.  Whoever you are, you are far outside your league here!”
“That won’t be necessary,” said another voice, all three heads jerking in surprise to settle on the bold intruder into such an intense moment, as Raven continued, “his name is Oliver Stone and he’s an Auditor for Internal Affairs at the FIA.  No doubt he’s here to assess whether it is in the Agency’s best interests to continue ignoring or supporting your little institution here.”
“I’ve already told them to be gone!” hissed Cool, “But the fools won’t listen!”  Relaxing significantly he added with an indifferent shrug, “take the little wretch and be gone, all of you!”  Here he glared at the scamp and said, “don’t you have things to do?”  Tristan only shrugged and grinned the more, unwilling to leave such an intriguing scheme to be about his laundry list of minor chores.
“Raven,” said Stone coolly, once he mastered his shock, “I suppose it is little surprise seeing you here.  Why betray me to this fellow?”
Raven smiled almost as impishly as Tristan, save the grim vein of experience running boldly through it, “you’d rather die miserably and in vain?”
“He’s already killed four of our agents,” growled Stone.
Raven frowned thoughtfully, “four?  I only know of three,” he spitted the monstrously grinning boy suspiciously, only making the fell expression worse, “Hall, Sullivan, Simmons, and who else?”
Cool shrugged indifferently, “Agent Chalk was making a nuisance of himself, as are the lot of you!”
“What does he mean I’m out of my league?” demanded Stone, as Raven smiled in comprehension at mention of the fourth agent while Tristan grinned like a madman at his mentor finally realizing the joke.
Raven looked stonily at Stone and replied grimly, “there are evils here against which mortal men stand helpless, the FIA will only needlessly lose more agents and can do nothing to stop what is to come.”  He glared at the triumphantly grinning Cool, “there is little enough even I can do in this case.”
“What then are you?” shivered Stone in growing dread, as if he was living in a horror movie nearing its climax.
“Just a man,” shrugged Raven with a wry grin.
“One with a dossier two feet thick?” protested Stone, “One we can’t seem to stop, contain, importune, or implicate in anything?”
“Quite,” grinned Raven the more, his eyes sparkling in amusement.
“As interesting as this is,” snapped Cool, “can you take this little conversation elsewhere?”
Stone pulled his gun and aimed it at Cool, “I am authorized to kill at need, now what is going on here?”
Cool merely pulled his own weapon but rather shot Raven in the face instead of training it on the threatening Auditor, whose own gun sagged in surprise at this unexpected move.  Growled Cool at the two nearest Suits, ironically Sullivan and Simmons, “take these gentlemen back to their quarters!”  He glared at the boy, “you be about your business!”  Tristan nodded, but first took the ball cap off his head and slanted it over Raven’s shattered face, even as the Suits lifted the corpse, each by a shoulder.  Cool nodded in vague approval before demanding of the astonished Stone, “your address?”  The man mumbled something as the Suits each put a firm hand on his own shoulders and turned him towards the door.  The boy grinned the more before vanishing about his own errands.  Cool returned to his papers, the entire fracas already forgotten.
They shoved Stone and the body into the back of the agent’s car before both Suits got in the front, one driving and the other sitting stone silent in the passenger seat.  The Auditor just slumped in the back and wondered if he was mad or the world was.  They drove the short distance to his seedy hotel room, hoisted both bodies out of the backseat, Stone hastily adjusting the protective hat as they forced the issue, and then deposited them both unceremoniously on the bed before stalking silently out, leaving Stone alone with the corpse.
But it wasn’t a corpse for long, Raven groaned, sat up, his hand immediately flying to his face, trying to determine what was blocking his vision.  He grinned wryly at the cap in his hands, recognizing it as a souvenir he had purchased for Tristan when he was only a little boy at a monster truck rally.  He then looked intently at the stymied Stone, who stared in horror at the seeming zombie, but Raven merely laughed and asked, “how else do you explain my ability to avoid your nets all these years and my assignment to the Department of Supernatural Affairs as a most peculiar case?”
“Out of my league indeed!” gasped Stone, before fainting dead away.
Raven grinned the more, before settling the fainted Auditor in a chair and getting him a cup of what passed for coffee in the third rate establishment.  Stone swiftly roused with his companion’s ministrations, asking weakly, “what is going on?”
“Do you really want to know?” asked Raven, his voice eager but his tone cautious, “You should have enough information to prove it is not in the FIA’s best interests to continue supporting Cool’s little venture, but if you dare venture beyond that thin paling, into the realm of Truth, it will have devastating consequences to what you formerly called your life.”
“How can I not?!” protested Stone, sipping his so-called coffee and grimacing thereat.
Raven smiled sadly, “many wouldn’t dare, content with the superficial with no interest in the Greater Things.”
“Greater Things?  Truth?” queried Stone, suddenly vastly curious, “Are there really such concepts in this enlightened day and age?”
“Man has been asking those questions since first he looked upon the stars and wondered about his own significance,” said Raven fervently, but growing deathly serious, he asked, “you were sent to determine what is or is not in the Agency’s best interest, correct?”  As the stymied man nodded, Raven pressed on, “and who determines that?  The current President, a former President, the Head of the Agency, some unnamed politician or bureaucrat or supporter thereof, Congress, the Senate, the Judiciary, some other agency, the Agents themselves, the citizens of America, the Constitution, you?”
“I see your point,” said Stone pensively, “it is all rather arbitrary without some code or set of guidelines to tell us what is right, but what is right and good and true?”
“With that I can help you,” grinned Raven brightly, but adding grimly, “but neither of us can do aught against Cool and his allies.”  At the man’s frown, Raven continued, “Cool is merely a pawn, one that can’t be harmed by mortal men, but destroying him would only bruise the actual plot, they’d merely find another henchman and move ahead.  The horror at the heart of the matter must be dealt with, and it will be, but only when the time is right, until then we can’t do much except see that as few innocents as possible are injured in the meantime.”  Here he added with an eager smile, “that and make sure they are as prepared as possible should their own hours run out.”
“How can you live again?” demanded Stone in eager wonder, like a little kid wondering how a magician accomplished his sleight of hand.
Raven grinned the more, “why is it any surprise that I can when my Master does?”
Stone shivered in anticipation, “the good, the right, the true must have a Source?”
“Precisely,” nodded Raven, before embarking on the Great Story.

The two Suits sauntered into Cool’s office, but he ignored them as he might the traffic outside or the clanking of the furnace, just part of the background activity that kept the world and his schemes running, but suddenly there was a presence he couldn’t ignore.  The trio of unseen Bogeys in the room squeaked in terror and fled, leaving Cool alone with the monstrosity, which suddenly plunged the room into utter darkness, which was still brighter by far than the stygian forms of either creature therein, save the fiend’s was a thousand orders of magnitude deeper and darker than the Shadow Man’s vaporous nothingness.
“The time has come, fool!” hissed the shadowy thing, “The moment of my triumph is at hand!”
Stuttered the pathetic little shadow, “but it will be months before the girls are ready and willing!  We have only begun…”
“What matter your paltry preparations?” screeched the thing like squealing tires, “My foe is nigh and all must be accomplished before he shows himself!  Either the wenches are willing or not, no amount of your so called preparations can change that!  Give me a body!”
Squeaked that wretched scrap of darkness, “take any of the Suits, my lord!  The boy will return shortly and there will be the Blood Price.”
“No,” squelched the terror like shoes in the mud, “I want your body!”
“Mine?!” squawked the lesser horror in absolute terror, “But I have striven so hard…”
The darkness laughed mockingly, “ah little wretch, do you not know that no matter what you do, your end is the same?  Utter darkness and misery, as I shall soon spread over all the earth!  Now where is your sacrifice?”  The lights resumed their sightless shining, the horror vanished from perception, and Cool looked quite unlike his usually imperturbable self when Tristan trotted unwittingly into the room, immediately picking up on his boss’ unease.  But the next minute he lay gurgling on the floor, his throat cut, even as the Bogey that was Cool whimpered and fled into some distant corner to sulk and mull over its own grim fate, knowing only worse awaited it hereafter, while the horror took up residence in Cool’s former mortal coil, its eyes gleaming red in triumphant anticipation.

“What of those horrid zombie-things?!” asked Stone, as Raven’s tale wound down, “I recognized both as former Agents but they might as well have been mannequins for all the attention they paid me.”
“Just Empty Suits,” replied Raven grimly, “nothing more than animated corpses, the men they were reduced to muttering shadows.”
“And the other two agents?” shivered Stone, “Are they too worse than dead?”
At this Raven could only grin in anticipation, “perhaps you’d like to have a word with them yourself?”  At the man’s astonished gasp, Raven’s hand began to glow and there stood Agents Chalk and Hall, appearing in a brilliant flash.  He met Jeremy’s wide-eyed stare with a cheery, knowing smile, “welcome aboard lad!”  Ordered he, “why don’t you two talk with Auditor Stone here, of FIA Internal Affairs, while I go attend to some rather messy business.”  He vanished in like fashion as the others had arrived, leaving the rather embarrassed and awkward trio to get acquainted.

Rebecca ghosted through the wall into Lucy’s room, knowing such a display of her uncanny nature was usually dangerous in this place but knowing it must be done at that particular moment.  Lucy merely smiled wryly in welcome, her eyes glinting with amusement as they both looked momentarily upon the insensate Chalk, still collapsed on the sofa.  “We have little time,” said the Lightwalker gravely, but eagerness tinging her voice, “I’ll take your place dear, for you are about to have a rather horrid visitor!”  At that very moment came a terrible pounding on the door, the elf maid squeaked in dismay even as she vanished elsewhither in a brilliant flash, leaving Rebecca to assume her visage and face the horror without.
The door gave way and the horror in Cool’s guise intruded itself into the room, glancing in contemptuous disgust at the seemingly drunken lout passed out on the sofa.  Said the monster, oozing such an aura of horror that even Rebecca’s uncanny flesh crawled with the sensation, “wouldn’t you rather have a real man, my dear?  One that can give you the power to conquer nations?  To bring the world to its knees?  To make you a goddess?  What the so-called Holy Virgin is to the Catholics will pale in comparison to what you shall be to all men!  What say you, woman?”
“No?!” replied she with such disgust and horror that the creature laughed her to scorn.
Said the thing, “watch then what awaits you and all your wretched sisterhood that spurns the offered favor of me and mine!”  It touched the somnolent Chalk with a darkly glowing finger, reducing the form to an oily slick on the sofa, before turning to the girl and smiling insolently, “care to change your mind?”  At her fervent head shake, it only laughed the more.

Raven found himself again in that stuffy party room, with its loathsome music and horrid flashing lights, still trying to maintain a coherent conversation over the din.  Ralph and the ladies didn’t seem to notice he had been absent on adventures of his own.  He caught his companions’ eyes and said grimly, “I believe we’ll soon be having company of a most unsavory sort, would you like to find yourselves elsewhere at the opportune moment?”
Ralph nodded eagerly, knowing anything that could so discomfit Raven must be dreadful indeed, and seeing his compliance, the two nieces tentatively nodded their own concurrence.  Just then the monster swept into the room, looking for the last of the surviving ladies, an evil leer on its inhuman face as it caught sight of its prey.  “Get us out of here!” cried Frankie in horror, her sister seconding the motion with a shriek of pure terror.  Raven smiled grimly at Ralph, who gave him a firm nod and a wry smile, before the trio vanished in a flourish of light, leaving Raven alone with the thing, which only laughed with dreadful anticipation at this turn of events.
“Think you can save any of them, little flea?” scoffed the fiend, “When you can’t even save yourself?”
“This fight is not mine nor can I do aught to save myself,” shivered Raven, his own uncanny nature horrified in the mere presence of such a thing.
The door opened again, and this time an unprepossessing man in an equally drab ensemble sauntered into the room, apparently unfazed by the horror confronting Raven, said the fellow blandly, intruding himself into the conversation, “I believe the time has come, is the building clear?”
“There isn’t a mortal man in the place,” agreed Raven in relief, “and the stage is all yours, my friend!”
Steve smiled grimly, making as if to remove his coat, but instead revealing his radiant form, eliciting an eager giggle of glee from the horror, as Cool’s mortal frame melted into nothingness, leaving only uttermost night in its stead.  Somewhere a Bogey whimpered, dissolving into nothingness itself as its mortal coil was unmade, but the rest were drawn to the brewing confrontation like the survivors of a wrecked ship to land.  Not to be outdone by the forces of darkness, the equally radiant Raven summoned his own command, thinking they ought to observe the final outcome of their peculiar mission.  The spectators in place, the two combatants leaped upon one another, light and darkness flashing forth like lightning in a distant thunderhead.


14

“Chalk, Hall?!” squawked Stone in wonder, adding with a wry grin, “Just what have you embroiled yourselves in?”
“That’s exactly what I want to know!” smiled Jeremy ruefully.
“Quite the adventure,” grinned Megan, taking in their surroundings with a frown, “but let’s find somewhere a little less sleazy to discuss it.”  She led the way out of the dumpy little motel room and down the street to a quaint and cozy little coffee shop she favored, even if they didn’t serve real elvish coffee, it was the next best thing.
Once everyone had ordered and they were seated around an out of the way table, both of the men turned questioning eyes upon the intriguing lady, smiled she, taking a teasing sip before saying, “now what has Raven not told you?”
“He’s outlined the Most Important Things, certainly,” said Stone archly, “but he’s left out all the really interesting tidbits, like what Cool is up to and the very nature of your uncanny service.”
“Typical Raven,” said she dryly, “he’s worse than a cat at times.  I suppose you are here to determine if Cool’s little project is worthy of the Agency’s continued support?”  At his nod, she continued, “but instead you’ve discovered Something even more important?”  At his keen smile, she could not help but laugh in very joy, “then there’s not much else to talk about.”  At his complete and utter look of disappointment, she smiled the more, “but then I am not Raven so I suppose that isn’t quite fair.  What do you want to know?”
“Who or what are you people?” queried he, “How does your occupation even fit within the confines of a Biblical faith?”
She exchanged a curious look with the perplexed but grinning Chalk, and said, “we need a Professional!”  And there was Pastor Pots, Bible and Elvish Coffee in hand, sitting in the fourth chair and looking expectantly at them.
“The murdered Pastor?” asked Stone drily, “Somehow I’m not surprised.”  They all grinned like a pack of supercilious felines before Megan outlined the situation and Stone’s questions in particular.
“There isn’t much to go on,” began Albert happily, loving nothing more than exegesis and hermeneutics, “but we can glean a few tidbits from Scripture about our curious occupation.  In Matthew’s account of the crucifixion and resurrection, he mentions the tombs being shaken and many of the dead saints arising and testifying in the city after the resurrection.  So too do we live again.  As for our uncanny nature, we can also find a few hints in the accounts of Christ after the resurrection as to what we might be able to expect from an immortal, imperishable body, but the main thing is discovering Christ Himself, all else being rather moot by comparison!”
“Spoken like a true pastor,” smiled Oliver wryly, “but true none the less.”
Megan took pity on Chalk and said with an indulgent smile, “we’re called Lightwalkers, and that’s about all we know about all this.”
“Welcome Home, my friend,” said the reverend with a hearty smile, adding dryly, “and we can only hope Raven will eventually tell us more or perhaps we must wait for experience to reveal what it will.”
“The latter is far more likely,” quipped Megan with a laugh, eliciting the same from everyone there gathered.  But suddenly the three Lightwalkers were glancing about and shifting in their seats, as if anxious or antsy about something, a sensation quite foreign to their current sensibilities.
“What is it?” asked Stone, suddenly on edge at his companions’ obvious unease.
“I believe the final confrontation has come!” said Megan, before vanishing with a flash back to her own encounter with the monstrous thing.
“Take care of our friend!” said Albert to Chalk, before vanishing likewise, leaving the two to exchange a wondering look, rather unsure what it all meant.
“I believe we had best head over to Cool’s hotel,” said Jeremy, suddenly sure of himself, but cautioning his companion, “though I’m afraid this is rather dangerous for a mortal man.”
“I’m ready, come what may,” grinned Stone eagerly.
Chalk barked a laugh, “that’s not what I meant, rather I’m not sure you’ll be allowed to watch.”
“Oh,” sighed Oliver in disappointment, but adding hopefully, “well let’s go see as much as I am allowed!”
“Certainly,” grinned Jeremy, “but when the moment comes for you to go, you will be off without protest?”
“Quite,” smiled Stone ruefully, “though not without regret.  But you’ll at least tell me all about it afterwards, right?”
“Of that you can be sure,” nodded Chalk amiably, before leading the way out of the coffee shop and off towards the hotel, which was only a few blocks over.  They were still three buildings away when Jeremy froze, his entire being beginning to tingle with a strange and dangerous power, as if he sensed a strong electrical current nearby, said he, “another step, my friend, and I’m afraid you’ll be unmade.  There are powers ahead which will unravel your mortal flesh like mist dissolving in the sun.”
Despite his curiosity, Stone shuddered, “I guess the time has come?”
Jeremy took a step forward as Stone cried aloud in horror, “my eyes!”  The Lightwalker studied his now radiant being, those same powers that would unmake a mortal man likewise unraveling the thin disguise covering his true form, striking his companion blind.
“All will be well, my friend,” said Jeremy in solemn farewell, placing a radiant hand on the stricken man’s shoulder, curing his blindness and sending him elsewhere in a single flash, before resuming his journey, the throbbing power increasing with each step, his own light pulsing in time with it.  He checked each and every building within the circumference described by that pulsating energy, but found them either abandoned or happily empty at the moment, before approaching the very heart of that brewing storm.
He exchanged warm smiles and silent greetings with his new comrades, grinning broadly at the surprise of those who just now discovered him to be part of their ranks, but they had little time or attention for aught but the main attraction before them.  Steve had just thrown off his mortal disguise, as if a swordsman of old tossing aside his encumbering cloak, as everything grew dark about the embattled pair, save the gleam of the Lightwalkers around the circumference of the room, the Bogeys little pools of deeper darkness interspersed between.
How the pair fought was a question that still puzzled each of the spectators long afterward, for at times it seemed each was equipped with a sword, at others it might have been fists and feet, and still at others they seemed to be launching light or dark energy at one another, but however it was accomplished, at last the fell thing whimpered in dismay and vanished from their perception, leaving only a small crowd of common seeming people in its wake.  The attendant Bogeys had vanished as that awful release of power reduced each Empty Suit in the building to its constituent atoms.  Steve grinned brightly for a moment, tipped his nondescript hat to Raven, and then suddenly vanished, leaving the Lightwalkers alone in silence, until the whole company erupted in a joyous cheer.  They withdrew to their favorite ice cream shop for a post-victory recap, so that all might hear the full tale, an eventuality even Raven’s usual amused silence couldn’t prevent.  Ralph, Lucy, and Oliver Stone were also invited, everyone sharing their bits and pieces of the tale by turns.
They had just settled down with their ice cream when a dark sedan pulled up to the curb outside the brightly lit, though smudgy, windows and a strange silence ensued.  A man in a dark suit got out of the backseat and came into the shop, while he waited for his order, he grinned inquiringly at the silent company taking up the entire back of the little store, but he wasn’t left alone for long, the two elves, Raven, and Stone were all on their feet and trying to wade through the crowd of their friends and comrades in hopes of reaching the front counter where the newcomer waited.  Raven could have used his uncanny nature to his advantage, but the teenaged girl behind the counter might then have witnessed something she shouldn’t, a complication that could easily be prevented with a little courtesy and patience.
Instead, he let the exuberant elves exchange greetings with their uncle, in current human fashion rather than after the usual habits of their kind, as that was their current guise, and then Agent Stone to approach his superior and exchange a questioning glance, before Raven shook hands with his old friend and drew him into an exuberant back slapping hug.  “Sir?!” said Stone in some consternation, “I thought your department was tasked with keeping an eye on this man?”
“Of course we are,” grinned Randalf for all he was worth, thanking the girl as he took his cone and escorting them all back to their table, continuing once out of ear shot of the server, “but that doesn’t mean he isn’t an old friend.”
Raven barked a laugh as he slid back into his place in front of a melting sundae, “what easier way to keep an eye on someone than befriend him?”  He shared a vastly amused glance with Megan before both turned their full attention to the newcomer, who was swiftly introduced for anyone who didn’t know who he was.  At the senior elf’s curious glance, Raven smiled wryly, “speak freely, my friend, for are we not all Lightwalkers, elves, or a token FIA agent?”
“Indeed?!” said Randalf in surprise, seating himself at the end of the booth with a chair stolen from an adjacent table, “So many in one place?”
“Quite, sir,” agreed Raven, “but then when you hear the tale, I do not think you will be so surprised after all.”  With that, he began the tale with his own assignment over a decade prior, each continuing in turn until Raven finished with Steve’s farewell.
“And just what are you going to make of all this?” asked the Department Head of the astonished Stone, after a long, pensive pause.
“What do you mean, sir?” queried Oliver curiously, “Have I not already discovered the Greatest Thing in all of this mayhem?  What could be more important than that?”
“Welcome Home lad,” smiled Randalf like Morning herself, “welcome Home indeed!”

“Reassigned?” said Gwen in dismay the next evening after practice, wherein everybody reconvened once more at the ice cream shop.
Raven smiled keenly at her naivete, “yes my dear, we are soldiers in an ancient war, we don’t just get to sit around and eat ice cream in peaceful, happy towns for all the days between now and the Day.”  His eyes sparkled in anticipation as he continued, very joy tinting his voice, “besides, on that Day, there will be no more farewells to old friends, no more tears, no more sorrow or death, but until then we have our duty to be about, which often involves parting from those we love best,” here he exchanged knowing smiles with Ralph and his uncle, before continuing, “but then again you never know who might show up next or who might be your newest dear friend!  But I don’t think we’re going to be separated quite yet?”
Raven turned his keen eyes on Randalf, who bowed his head graciously before beginning, “that is exactly why I am here.  While it is a lovely little town and you people have done good work, I’m not here for either the scenery or to congratulate you, rather I came myself to tell you of your next looming adventure, unable to trust any intermediary with such a delicate task.  I’ll take the three FIA agents back with me to Headquarters for further briefing upon this matter while we get the rest of you settled into your new roles and tie up any loose ends here.”
“We’re working for the FIA?!” burst out Tristan in excitement, earning a scandalized look from his mentor, who could only smile ruefully and correct, “Not working for, working with, lad!  In this business sometimes we have strange allies indeed.”
Said Randalf quietly, “that and the Agency desperately needs your help, for this is a matter even the Department of the Supernatural can’t manage.”  Ears perked, they listened avidly to what little he knew of the matter and their own parts in it.

“You’re leaving?!” said Gwen’s mother in surprise to both her daughter and her aunt as they announced their future intentions, “I was just getting settled here, starting to feel like I’ve finally found my place, my future!”
“That’s wonderful, dear,” smiled Phyllis sweetly, “and a very good thing too, as I’ll need someone to watch the house while I’m gone.  You could rent out the extra bedrooms and put a little extra money away while I’m off having an adventure, or rather keeping an eye on this upstart girl, or probably both.”
The astonished woman sighed heavily but smiled happily, her eyes misty, “I know you had given up your dreams of ever going to college, Gwen, I’m happy they aren’t as dead as we feared, and a full ride scholarship?!  You certainly can’t say no to that.”  She turned smiling eyes upon her aunt, adding, “and at least you’ll be there to keep her out of trouble,” adding archly, “though who is going to do the same for you?”
“Pastor and Mrs. Pots will be starting a college ministry on campus,” grinned Gwen, “I suppose they might manage it, if anyone can.”  They shared a bright laugh before continuing in a saner mien.
“At least I’ve had a little experience running a boarding house,” smiled Phyllis, from the depths of her great heart, “I’ll need it with so many young things running about!  To think my husband’s sister would leave me her great house just when Gwen could benefit therefrom!”
“Miracle indeed,” agreed Gwen archly, “and it’s just the thing to keep you young indefinitely.”
“It is at that,” grinned Phyllis at some joke her niece couldn’t begin to fathom, wondering what conspiracy those two imps were hatching, one an octogenarian!
“You two deserve each other,” sighed said niece, before they discovered a joke they could all share.
“And speaking of Rebecca Pots,” continued Phyllis, once her senses had been restored to their proper order, “her nieces will be joining us, poor things!”
“That must have been a nasty business, whatever happened with that so-called modeling agency,” sighed Molly, “it is never easy to give up on one’s dreams but at least they are still young and have their whole lives before them.”
“If only they’d learn to humbly and gratefully accept whatever is to come,” said Phyllis sadly.
“But they’ll have you to nag them into proper humility and happiness,” smiled Molly, as scampishly as ever Tristan could.
“They will at that,” agreed Phyllis with a grim nod, eyeing Gwen dangerously, but the girl could only grin irredeemably at them both.  “At least there’s still hope for them,” sighed Phyllis, as if in benediction at a funeral, prompting another bout of mass merriment.
“I really am going to miss you both,” sighed Molly, when they could again speak sensibly.
“Why not come with us?” grinned that scandal of a girl child.
Molly shook her head and smiled wryly in reply, “I’ve only just become settled, child, and have no wish to uproot what few, tentative rootlets I have just set down.  Besides, you are of the age where you’d be flying the coop soon anyway so it isn’t as if I can move every time some whim or notion or necessity makes you relocate.  I don’t know what harebrained scheme has entered into your aunt’s venerable mind, but I’m happy to stay put and content to visit as often as we may.”  They shared a delighted smile, not untouched by wistfulness and continued the conversation long into the evening.

“An education?” asked Lucy eagerly, eyeing her uncle keenly.
“A modern human education,” corrected Raven, sitting with the three elves on a bench in the otherwise abandoned park, “which has very little, if anything, to do with the elvish notion thereof.  It’s even more diluted and vapid than human coffee compared to its elfin variant.”
“It would certainly be an adventure though,” smiled the elf girl hopefully.
“Certainly more interesting than your previous adventure,” agreed her uncle, adding grimly, “but also dangerous.”
“When has that stopped any of you?” asked she primly.  The three gentlemen shared a wry glance and allowed her to continue, “so why should it stop me?”
“Very good,” nodded Randalf, “we’ll see that you are both settled, along with the rest of Raven’s disparate team.”
“But why the two Pots nieces?” queried Ralph, “If it is dangerous for us, won’t it be doubly so for them?”
Randalf shook his head, “the Agency wants to see that all the participants in this little scandal are properly looked after that nobody looks too deeply into the matter, and what better way than offering the surviving ladies a full scholarship?”  Added he with a wink and a grin, “besides, with so many of Raven’s people around, I’m sure they couldn’t be safer and may actually have a chance to learn the Most Important Thing, something they may never have a chance to hear else.”
“I do certainly pity the poor creatures after our conversation the night of that horrid party,” replied Ralph, “perhaps they will indeed have a chance at discovering the One Thing that can rescue them from pointlessness and insipidity!”  He frowned slightly and asked, “what of the rebels and rascals invited to the party?”
“Of those we can identify and find, namely the two fellows taken to the hospital for a drug overdose,” began Randalf, “we’ve convinced them to enroll in a rehab program and will do what we can for them thereafter if they successfully complete it.”
“What of the hotel itself?” queried Lucy.
“The city will take over ownership and either sell it to someone who will manage it in an actually beneficial manner or perhaps run it themselves as part of a community development project,” replied Raven.
“To think this place might ever have a future for tourists!” smiled Ralph in wonder.
“It was rather a historical event,” smiled Raven grimly, “though no mortal tourists will ever hear tell of it!”  They shared a knowing smile and turned the conversation to less serious topics.

“You can’t just up and quit!” said Doctor Bob in dismay as both his assistants apprised him of their collegial aspirations.
“At least we’ll be going pre-vet,” grinned Skylar eagerly, happy to have her regular job back and glad that her temporary occupation was of short enough duration as not to interfere with her part time job and thus require her either to quit or change her identity to maintain it.
“Then you’ll come back and buy me out,” teased he, “I suppose I can live with that, but who is going to schedule my bovine ablution appointments from here on out?”  They all laughed at this, the good doctor adding, “and when the time comes, both of you remember that I’d happily write you an excellent letter of recommendation!”
“Certainly,” smiled Gwen for all she was worth, tears in her eyes, “but don’t worry, we still have a few weeks before the spring term starts and we can get someone recruited and trained in by the time we have to go!”
“What’s that husband of yours going to be doing?” asked he, changing the subject and eliciting a surprised frown from young Gwen, who had forgotten she was technically still married in the eyes of the community!
“He’ll have his nose in a book right alongside us,” said Skylar with a laugh, more for her friend’s lapse of memory than for Tristan’s enforced erudition.
“Good for him,” smiled Dr. Bob happily, and squeezing each young shoulder fondly he added heartily, “good for you all!”

Raven and Randalf strolled around the pond in the dull grey prelude to dawn, having the park entirely to themselves, said the former, “a professor?!”
“Of Biology,” grinned the incorrigible elf, knowing his friend had never been to college let alone possessing anything like a Ph.D. that might enable him to teach it, “we’ll see to all the background requirements and I’m sure your own unique occupation will supply the necessary skills and knowledge as needed.”
“Who would ever bother with school then?” chuckled the man in vast amusement.
But his friend did not share his humor, saying gravely, “you’ll be replacing a man who vanished mysteriously and there have been reports, hearsay mostly, but enough rumors that we are taking this very seriously, of insanity, violence, disappearances, and other unsettling happenings on campus.”
“And with so many of us gathered together again in one place,” mused Raven grimly.
“It won’t be pretty,” affirmed the elf.
“But perhaps we’ll see Steve again!” replied Raven.
“What a name for an angel!” laughed Randalf in spite of his former gravity.
Raven arched a brow and inquired, “as if your nephew is any better?!”
“It does lose something in translation at that,” grinned the FIA agent brightly, wondering what the looming adventure would entail for each of them.



Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

The Greylands
On Princesses
On Heroes
Over the Hills and Far Away
Of Tea…and Things

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog


Sample Chapter from ‘Things Unseen,’ Book II in this series:

Professor Raven stood before the second semester of the Introduction to Biology class and introduced himself, “I’ll be your instructor for the second half of this course, as your previous instructor has…”
He was interrupted in his monologue by a vociferous young lady in the second row, who burst out eagerly, “you mean he disappeared!  No one knows what happened, he just vanished, poof!”
“That is the rumor,” agreed Raven dryly, “but we are not going to worry about that at the moment, our focus shall be on the biological sciences, however less interesting you may find the topic, it is the requisite subject of the course.  And to start out, I’d like to challenge your suppositions and assumptions regarding just that.  First off, what is science?”  He smiled archly as the stymied students exchanged panicked looks, not knowing quite what to make of this fellow who was determined to take them back to the very basics at the start of the second semester.
Their dismay passed swiftly as curiosity roused in their young minds, each wondering where this rabbit trail would take them, happy for anything to get them out of cellular metabolism, the topic of the day, at least according to the syllabus.  A variety of answers met his query, some spot on, others making him wonder if these kids had actually attended the first semester of the class!  After a dozen answers, he gave his own definition: “science is a tool to measure and describe the physical reality around us.  It is neither good nor evil, right nor wrong, it cannot either prove or disprove anything, it can only give us working guidelines, as it were, to describe natural phenomenon around us.  It can certainly be misapplied, misinterpreted, or mistakes can be made that lead to faulty conclusions, but that is another matter entirely, based upon the fallible humans conducting the research or using the results.”
Asked he of the gathered students, “what can science measure, what is its proper sphere?”  Again he was met by an eager chorus of answers right, wrong, or completely off the wall, before he continued, “it measures and describes natural phenomena, things that are currently happening or have left measurable evidence of having had happened.  It must not stray into the realm of conjecture, morality, supposition, prophecy, might-have-beens, or could-bes, that is the realm of philosophy, religion, and metaphysics.  We can merely observe and hypothesize on the meaning of things, not use that data to propose what must have been or what might be or what should be.  We can merely propose a question and seek data to either support or annul that proposition, we cannot take selected data and use it to support a certain desired opinion or idea, for that is not science but rather politics.”
The young lady who was so interested in his predecessor’s vanishment suddenly spoke up with a troubled frown, “but that isn’t how science is defined or used in the world at large,” protested she.
Raven smiled grimly, “when you give someone a tool, it is up to that person to use it correctly.  Just because a man cuts off his fingers because he was using a saw improperly does not invalidate the usefulness or reality of saws in general, it only proves the man was a fool for thinking he could use something in a way it was never designed to be used.  I want each of you to take that idea to heart and if you learn nothing else in this course, I will still have succeeded in my quest.”
“Does this mean we don’t have to do our homework or study for tests?” grinned the young lady impishly, but his own arch smile was not comforting in the least.

Phyllis sat in the kitchen, her head in a cookbook, wondering what to feed her ravenous young boarders that evening, the house happily quiet and peaceful while the young horde was at class for the afternoon.  It was a vast house, once having housed a large family and the requisite servants, but in recent years having been the habitation solely of a spritely old lady, who upon deciding to fulfill a lifelong dream and enjoy the beach while she could, had hied herself to a coastal villa, leaving her husband’s sister, no spring chicken herself but certainly a tidy housekeeper and of a more landlocked mentality, to make what she could of the vast structure, located conveniently across the street from a small liberal arts college, itself nestled in a small but bustling community in southern Minnesota.
The aging matron immediately opened wide her doors to the students and employees of the college, immediately filling every available room, all of whom strangely, or not so strangely, had some connection with her previous adventure.  There was a pastoral couple that wanted to start a student ministry on campus, there were several students, a man employed by campus security, and a new professor now calling her house home.  She already had the freezer well stocked with ice cream, but was currently at a loss as to what to serve the bunch for regular meals; she grinned wryly to herself, thinking that at least she couldn’t accidentally kill anyone with food poisoning, well maybe the elves, but considering the strength of their coffee, apparently the entire race must have iron plated stomachs and would take some killing, at least from a gastronomical perspective!

“How did it go?” asked Professor Sloane, a far more senior professor with much coveted tenure at Swansbrook College, adding in wistful remembrance, “The first class is always a little nerve-wracking!”
“I think it went rather well,” grinned Raven brightly, “I’m well used to wrangling precocious youngsters, even if this was technically my first teaching assignment.”
“I heard your topic of the day was a little unusual?” persisted the Head of the Biology Department, for which the college was renowned, not liking to risk its reputation on an untried neophyte, “You aren’t some sort of pariah or heretic are you?”
“Certainly not,” laughed Raven lightly, putting his companion slightly at ease, “I just want these kids to know what science is and isn’t, what it can do and what it can’t, the way it is bandied about in the media and the culture and on the internet is enough to make my skin crawl!”
“I understand your perspective,” agreed his companion pensively, “but is it our job to teach these kids things like discernment and reasoning, how to think, how to evaluate and use information?”
“Who else will?” countered Raven, “It seems to me most people are more interested in telling them what to think rather than how.”
“Dangerous words,” said Sloane in dismay.
“An education, a good education,” amended Raven, “is a very dangerous thing, at least to ignorance and intolerance and myopia, but a bad education is the most dangerous thing of all.”
“You’re here to teach them basic biology,” growled Sloane, “and nothing more or less, am I understood?”
“Perfectly,” grinned Raven, “but is not the basic definition of science itself part of the basics of biology?”
“I guess it is at that,” sighed the department head reluctantly, but added tersely, “just make sure you stick to the basics!”
“Certainly,” said Raven with that smile that never reassured anyone in the least!

“What do you think?” asked the bland looking fellow of Sloane, later that evening as he sat at a table in the local pub reviewing his notes for the morrow.  The newcomer seated himself without asking leave, waved off the hovering waitress, and continued, “is this new guy someone we can trust?”
“I don’t know yet,” mused Sloane, “he’s certainly an oddball and a free spirit, but whether that is a good or bad thing, I have yet to determine.”
“I’ll keep an eye on the fellow, then,” nodded the other, standing to leave, “he’s promising at least.”  He left as suddenly as he had come, leaving Sloane to shudder in relief at his going and to frown at his reaction thereto.

“So what are you going to major in?” asked Gwen of Jazz as they sat over Aunt Phyllis’s renowned lasagna, certainly better than any cafeteria fare, though Frankie was distressed there wasn’t a vegetarian option.
“You really do have a way of ruining a perfectly good day,” sniffed Jasmine in disdain, “why worry about the future when we are only just begun?”
Frankie laughed in derision, joining in her sister’s contempt, “why don’t you science nerds just leave the popular girls alone, freak?”
“What’s wrong with her question?” queried Ralph, little understanding the social dynamics of young human females, a discipline nobody really comprehended, most especially those in said demographic!
“Nothing, per se,” said Jasmine, fluttering her eyelashes in what she hoped was a becoming manner, having something of a crush on the hunky boy, though really an elf old enough to be her grandfather, great to the fiftieth power, though unable to See just that, she took him for just another boy come to Swansbrook to study, or party, however the case may be!
Added Frankie, certainly jealous of her sister’s infatuation, especially as her own particular male acquaintance from a certain peculiar evening was nowhere to be found, “she’s just being nosy and we don’t appreciate it.”
“I was only trying to make conversation,” corrected Gwen with an impish smile she shared with the equally grinning elf.
“I thought you were married,” snapped Jazz, her eyes flashing fiercely in resentment at the interchange.
“I am,” hesitated Gwen for a moment, having forgotten that particular detail once again, at which Ralph could only chuckle the more, increasing Jasmine’s ire therewith.
“So where is your little hubbie-kins?” smiled Frankie maliciously, “I’m sure he wouldn’t like you to be making eyes at other guys while he’s out!”
“He’s the TA for the new Biology Professor,” shrugged Gwen, sharing another of those irksome, knowing smiles with friend elf, “I’m not sure what he’s up to at the moment, probably correcting papers or something equally as thrilling.”
“Science geeks one and all!” sighed Frankie, “I can’t wait to get out of here and into one of the sororities.”
“They don’t take freshmen,” sighed Jazz, as if about to be burned at the stake, brightening as she added, “but there’s always next year!”
“And you’d be a goose to even consider the idea,” added Phyllis, setting a green salad on the table, eyeing Francesca keenly, “here’s a little something for you dear, I hope it satisfies.”
“This is iceberg lettuce,” said Frankie in horror, “do you have any idea how little nutrition there is in this stuff?  Where are the mixed greens, the other veggies?”
“Don’t forget the dressing,” said Phyllis with a menacing but kindly smile, offering the poor sufferer a full fat bottle of ranch, as for the other veggies, don’t worry, there are sliced carrots in the Jell-o.”
“That’s certainly one ethnic food I have yet to appreciate or understand!” laughed Skylar as Phyllis exited the room.
“I’m not sure anyone outside the aging demographic of the Midwest would, if anyone does,” agreed Ralph, knowing as little about the peculiarities of midwestern cuisine as he did about young female co-eds.
“At least on that we can agree,” said Jazz with a slight smile, which deepened at her sister’s continuing horror at this ever unfolding gastronomical travesty.
Said Gwen by way of making peace with Frankie, “I’m sure you can run over to the grocery store and get a few items for your own personal use.”
“Not a bad idea,” grimaced the girl, unable to take her dismayed gaze from the hopeless bowl of greenery even so, at which they all laughed, even the afflicted vegetarian.
“Where’s Megan this evening?” asked Lucy.
“Probably with the Potses getting ready for their first big night,” replied Gwen, helping herself to the much maligned salad, “How about Chalk?”
“He’s gotten a job as campus security,” replied Ralph, taking a second helping of lasagna, at least this example of midwestern cookery was well worthy of approbation, “and that likely means the night shift as the new guy in town.”
“It seems like we are settling in rather well,” grinned Gwen around a mouthful of garlic bread, groaning as Phyllis brought in a fresh peach cobbler after everyone but Frankie had heavily partaken of her already hearty fare.
Smiled Skylar at Frankie, “at least you’ll have room for dessert!”
The girl grinned in spite of herself, “there is that at least!”  Everyone joining in the communal mirth, even if Phyllis couldn’t exactly see what the joke was, her great heart could not do otherwise.

Raven and Tristan sat in the ersatz Professor’s office, going over his notes for the morrow, the boy busy with his own special project.  Both looked up suddenly, their keen ears catching the slight sound of nearly silent footfalls in the distant corridor, a full minute before their visitor revealed himself.  “Might I have a word, Professor?” asked the seemingly colorless man of Raven.
“Certainly,” agreed he, standing and motioning for Tristan to continue his project while he walked off with the intriguing fellow, totally lacking in color in both wardrobe, personality, and demeanor.  “What can I do for you?” queried he as they went outside to pace the campus walkways amidst the splendors of another dying day.
“I’ve been talking to Sloane,” began the drab voice, “he seems to think you some sort of maverick, but I must say I’m intrigued by a man who can think outside the box.”
“Am I that sort of man?” retorted Raven.
“That is yet to be seen, but even the promise of such is rare,” replied the other calmly, “there are a few of us working on a little side project and perhaps you might be interested?”
“I’d be delighted,” agreed Raven, proffering his hand though the other declined to accept it, saying rather in parting, “we’ll see what sort of man you are and then make a formal offer.”  He strode off into the twilight, leaving Raven to wonder what the fellow was up to and if it had anything to do with their mission here, smiling grimly to himself, he returned to his office but his mind wouldn’t focus on the work before them, neither would he indulge Tristan’s curious smile, forcing him to continue his own work even if his mentor couldn’t attend to his own.

“The Campus Activity Fair is only in the fall,” sighed Megan, as she sat with Albert and Rebecca Pots in the college coffee shop, vaguely wishing for something even remotely elvish, as they discussed their plans for a college ministry.
“And the Student Association doesn’t look kindly on promoting any activity not sanctioned by itself,” added Rebecca, “or run by outsiders.”
“I guess that means a couple of us ‘students’ will have to run the thing and keep the pair of you on as advisors?” mused Megan, well used to the hurdles, dead ends, and senseless rules common to any and all bureaucracies, student associations included.
“That’s the brunt of it,” agreed Albert with a nod, “but we’ll be right here to back you up all the way.”
“This will certainly be an ironic cover story for an FIA agent,” laughed Megan, “but I’ll do what I must!”

Jeremy Chalk walked the campus sidewalks that evening on his first patrol as part of Campus Security, smiling broadly at the irony therein, a highly trained agent for the Federal Investigation Agency as he was, but he had endured stranger cover stories and it was rather convenient for their hopes of discovering just what malicious doings were going on around campus, so much so that the FIA was intent on investigating the matter.  He saw Raven and a rather drab stranger in the distance, he halted and watched the pair for a moment, but they merely exchanged a few words before parting company.  Jeremy decided to follow the bland stranger, wondering what business he had on campus, especially at that odd hour, and vaguely wondering whether Phyllis would save him any of her lasagna.  He smiled at his distraction as he neared the fellow, but not wanting to be seen, he crouched into the nearby shrubs and vanished entirely from sight, stalking his prey as soundlessly as a sunbeam.
The fellow looked neither right nor left, up nor down, but strode away as if he was the President of the place and had every right to be where he was and do as best it pleased him.  He was intrigued by the new Professor and was hopeful he wasn’t just an overrated eccentric; there was a fire in the man he could use, if only his thoughts aligned with those in charge of the Project.  He hissed in surprise, somehow sensing an unwanted presence, before dissolving utterly into mist and evaporating from the scene, leaving Chalk to gape, unseen himself.  His smile grew predatory as he looked forward to discussing the matter later that night with Raven!  He silently dashed to the other side of the campus, appearing suddenly amidst a clump of coniferous trees, before resuming his patrol activities in a more usual manner.

Frankie and Jasmine were long abed, even Ralph and Lucy had retired in dismay before the whole company could assemble in the old fashioned conservatory and discuss their day, Phyllis hurriedly heating up leftovers for the latecomers while Megan happily brought out some real elvish coffee.  “Ralph finally had to go to bed,” grinned Gwen as Raven and Tristan took their cups and their seats.
“Elves are still mortal folk,” grinned Raven, happily eyeing his cup, “and still need sleep to function, whereas college students and Lightwalkers do not.”  At this he eyed his comrades expectantly for their reports and ended with his own.  He smiled eagerly as Jeremy told of his encounter with the ghostly man, or whatever it was.  “A Wraith,” nodded Raven eagerly, “which means we must be on the scent at least.”  At his companions’ curious looks, Tristan looking nearly desperate, he laughed but put them out of their misery, at least in this one instance, saying seriously, “they are akin to Shadow Men, in that they are mortal men that exchange their mortality for power, but in doing so they become hopeless slaves of their fell masters, unable to be injured by mortal men but quite vulnerable to us.  Shadow Men at least maintain a physical body until they are reduced to Empty Suits and Bogeys while Wraiths only have the appearance of such, being little more than the ghostly image of a man, hence their colorless and drab appearance and personas.  I suspected as much but it is nice to have confirmation.”
“What sort of people is he looking for?” queried Gwen.
“Probably the curious or ambitious who don’t have any moral qualms about dabbling in the supernatural,” replied Raven pensively, adding with a laugh, “at least the right sort of supernatural.”  They all shared a good laugh at being corporately of the wrong sort, before drifting off to bed, if only to maintain appearances, for the sun was beginning to make her daily debut and it wouldn’t do to be found out of bed, most especially Aunt Phyllis!

Yolanda walked to her biology class that morning in a fog, vaguely wondering what this new professor would be like, as he was unlike any other professor she had ever encountered in her vast collegial experience encompassing a whole semester.  She had really hoped he would tell them more about the vanishment of their previous instructor but rather opened up a whole different can of worms instead.  Maybe today would be different, maybe he’d just settled down to cell anatomy and functioning like he was supposed to and leave all the more philosophic stuff in its grave where it undoubtedly belonged.  Who needed to review, discuss, or understand the tenets of long dead men in the age of the internet?  Who needed wisdom or reason when one had boundless information and a search engine?
But it wasn’t a total loss, the man was rather cute, or at least intriguing, especially with that barest hint of a Scottish accent in his voice when he was really passionate about something.  That was what drew her fancy more than anything, the man actually cared about something, not just information for information’s sake.  Maybe this wouldn’t be such a bad course after all!
She seated herself in her accustomed seat in the second row, eyeing the two girls on either side of her, both new students that semester, and neither taking a far safer and much more coveted seat near the back, which meant they must be serious.  It was a few minutes before anyone else was likely to come in, and as she had nothing much else to do, and was hopelessly curious and gregarious by nature, she introduced herself and asked after themselves.  “You’re pre-vet too?” grinned she, “I’m glad I’m not the only one!  What do you think about the pre-reqs?”
Gwen grimaced, “I’m not looking forward to the chemistry personally.”
“Basic chemistry is fine,” smiled Skylar at her friend’s consternation, as if she was really a student contemplating her difficult future, “it’s the organic that gives me nightmares!”
“We’ll get through it,” smiled Yolanda eagerly, “and we’ll do it together!”
“Why don’t you come over to Aunt Phyllis’s tonight for supper?” asked Gwen, “It’s just across the street and she’s a world famous cook, at least in her little corner of the state.”
“Anything is better than the cafeteria!” agreed Yolanda cheerily, but asked askance, “Is she really your aunt?”
“Worse,” laughed Gwen, “she’s my Great Aunt!”
“And I thought my RA was bad,” smirked Yolanda, but their chatter ceased as Raven walked into the room, followed by Tristan lugging a box containing some mysterious treasure, whispered she, “what do you think of our Prof?”  The girls’ amused smiles told more than words ever could, which was just as well, for Raven had begun the day’s lecture and there wasn’t time or attention left for aught else.
Said he, “I have a little assignment for you,” at their communal groans, Raven added with a smile, “don’t worry, it won’t tax your brains or your time too much, Tristan here will pass out a little box to each of you, your job is to spend at least five minutes every day shaking it, at the end of the semester, we’ll open them up and see what’s inside.”  They all exchanged a flummoxed look but accepted their box before passing the rest down the row.
“It sounds like legos,” said Yolanda to her companions, shaking the box and holding it close to her ear, and adding with a frown, “what on earth is he up to?”
“It could well be anything,” sighed Gwen in a longsuffering sort of way, but as the last boxes were distributed, they again grew silent as Raven continued.
“Now for your other semester long assignment,” grinned he, almost villainously, “you each will be responsible for writing a term paper.”  This time the groan was loud enough that it rattled the white board at the front of the room, but he ignored it, save to grin the more, adding, “I want each of you to choose something, anything, be it a computer, a feather, a creature, a molecule, a galaxy, a Buick, a souffle, a disease, a painting, whatever entity or object you choose, and I’d like you to study its origin and evolution, from its earliest beginnings to its current incarnation, take your chosen object and describe every minute step in its evolution from its humble beginnings to its current form.  Note as many of the complexities and details as you can, cite as many sources as you like, especially outline each step in the evolutionary process noting the usefulness and advantages each superior form has to the previous stage.”  They stared at him blankly, what was this?
Changing the subject entirely, he pressed on, seemingly oblivious to their mass consternation, “what should we do, as budding scientists, about things we can’t yet understand, detect, or measure?  If science can’t measure something, does that mean it doesn’t exist?”
Yolanda raised her hand, “are you asking if science can prove that unicorns or dragons don’t exist?”
“Something like that,” grinned he as ever his TA might, “but not quite, did we not just determine yesterday that science doesn’t ever prove or disprove anything, save a hypothesis?  Let’s look back into history for an answer, what did people make of germ theory, gravity, a heliocentric solar system, atoms, the cell, genetics, before any of it was described scientifically?  What of ultraviolet light, radiation, radio waves, electrons, things we can’t see, feel, or touch but can now measure?”
“What are you asking?” demanded Yolanda in dire curiosity.
“If science can’t currently measure or describe it, does that mean it doesn’t or can’t exist?” queried he.  He plopped the huge textbook required by the class on the podium and asked, “if it isn’t in that book does that mean it isn’t real?”
Whispered Yolanda in dread, “what are you saying?”
Raven shrugged, “simply that there is more to our reality than we can yet understand or describe!  What would an ancient Greek think of the internet or Confucius of a plane?”  What would we think, could we jump ahead in time a hundred years or a thousand, assuming humanity continues to progress in its discoveries, about the technology and scientific claims of the future?”  He patted the book and said, “that is a lot of information, but it is ridiculous to think it is even a thousandth of a percent of what we have yet to learn.”  He smiled eagerly at them, “now go shake your boxes and start thinking about a topic for your paper.”  The class didn’t immediately flee, as was usually their wont, but rather they sat exchanging stymied looks with their neighbors, wondering what it was all about, none noticing the rather drab looking student sitting by himself far to the back in a shadowy recess.
Finally the other students filtered out, abandoning the room to the next class that was already impatiently waiting in the corridor for their own looming lecture, the mysteriously drab personage was the last to leave, ghosting silently after the exiting Professor and his ebulliently chattering TA.  As if sensing the strange presence, Raven stopped to look at their trailing shadow, and recognizing it as his companion from the previous evening, he sent Tristan off on some little errand and waited for the Wraith to accost him.  Without a word, they headed for the courtyard off the science building, empty at this hour while most students were in class if not still abed.
“You continue to intrigue me,” said that drab personage to Raven as they paced the enclosed pathways amid the various beds of native wildflowers and modern statuary, but added he in a dangerous undertone, “yet your ideas might stem from something truly dangerous.”
“Only ignorance is dangerous,” said Raven gravely, “that and the presumption of wisdom when one has only a vast amount of information but no idea how to apply it.”
“What are you after?” demanded the Wraith, stopping abruptly and forcing his companion to do likewise.
“The Truth,” replied Raven just as bluntly.
“What is Truth?” scoffed the other.
“What every man spends his life searching for,” mused Raven wistfully, “at least if he’s honest with himself.”
“And your little spiel today?” replied the other.
“Just encouragement for the students to do just that,” smiled Raven grimly, “they’ve spent their whole lives inside a culturally defined box and I’m slowly starting to erase the pencil lines composing the edges of that ridiculous square.”
“This isn’t a jumping off point for deism, creative design, or any of that sort of stuff, is it?” growled the Wraith.
“Not at all,” replied Raven genially, “but neither should we ignore the fact that the Gospel of Science is hardly scientific.  That’s all I am trying to accomplish: to encourage these kids to think outside the stuffy little box in which they’ve been raised.  Not to preach any particular Gospel, be it Biblical or Darwinian, but rather to get the students to question, to wonder, to rethink what they’ve been told is the final and absolute Truth in any given discipline or worldview.”
“Perhaps there is hope for you yet,” smiled the thing wanly, its best approximation of the actual expression, “for so too do we hope to instill in our participants and adherents a healthy thirst for the uncanny, the supernatural, and the seemingly impossible; to think outside the box of their current, limited reality.”  With a last, vague smile, he strode off into the Science Building, leaving Raven to muse upon what exactly the thing was hinting at, not liking the resulting ideas in the least, but knowing anyone who got involved with the thing and the grim reality of the Project, whatever it be, would like the experience even less.



In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “The reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “You have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors not withstanding.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “Here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “Who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “For I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.



Excerpt from The Greylands: Volume V, ‘The Pallid Knight:’

The rain lashing at the windows did nothing to lighten Kyan's mood and only seemed to echo the doubts that plagued his mind when he was too tired or discouraged to chase them away with his usual unshakable enthusiasm.  The small, dark cottage in which he and his sister now dwelt offered little by way of comfort or cheer, especially on such a gloomy day.  They had once lived in a grand castle, she had been a fine lady, and he had aspired to become a great knight.  But now they were little more than paupers, totally dependent on what little remained of their elder brother's beneficence.  Kyan had been a squire in the service of a renowned knight when word reached him of his father's sudden death, his brother's assumption of their father's rank and wealth, and his sister's impending nuptials to a knight of most unworthy character.  All of which prompted the boy to beg his master's leave to return home until matters could be settled in a more satisfactory fashion.  His master had scoffed at his weakness and bid him return home if he must, but bade him not to return if he were so foolish as to leave such a desirous post for so pathetic reason.  So Kyan had fled home with all haste, much to his sister's joy and his brother's great displeasure.
Kaya was to wed a rich and powerful knight, though one with a dreadful reputation, as soon as could be arranged.  Marlin, their elder brother, did not want to be troubled with the girl and was quite desirous of the benefits to himself that came by forming such an alliance, though it would come at the cost of all his sister’s happiness.  Kyan would not stand to see his sister wed to such a man and boldly declared this to his brother, who was already aghast at the boy's sudden desertion of his post.  He banished them both to the old cottage that had once served the gatekeeper but had long since been replaced by a better and more serviceable abode.  Thither they fled and waited to see what might come of the matter once Marlin's wrath had cooled.  But in the fortnight since their change of address, they had seen nothing of their brother nor heard anything from him.  A retired footman had appeared at their door one bright morning three days after their banishment and had assumed the place of steward, butler, gardener, cook, and drudge.  It seemed their brother had at least granted them an allowance of food and the aid of the old servant, though he would not deign to speak to them himself.  
Kyan must have sat deep in thought for some time, for the rain had ceased and the bright sunshine of a spring morning was pouring in the window.  Kaya stood before him and declared, "I cannot abide it any longer!  I must be allowed out of this squalid little hut ere I go mad.  Do you think I could have the use of the stables?"  
Kyan frowned doubtfully, "I little know what we dare in our current circumstances."  
Kaya grinned mischievously, "then I shall dare all of Marlin's wrath for a ride on such a morning!"  
She bounced out of the house before Kyan could call her back, but he did catch the eye of their faithful servant, who gave a quick nod of his head and dashed after the lady.  At least she would not go alone.  The servants in the stable said nothing as the lady and her ancient footman selected their horses and rode out into the brilliant day, fresh after the rain.  Kyan watched them go, an unbidden sense of trepidation suddenly rising in his heart; he wondered at this, for it had nothing to do with his brother.
The day was fading into dusk when the breathless servant returned at the gallop, ashen grey and alone.  His horse was frothed with sweat and dancing so much with nervousness that it was a miracle the man could maintain his seat.  Kyan dashed out into the yard as the man reined the nearly frantic beast to a standstill.  The old servant flung himself from the saddle and on his knees, wept out a tale of woe as he clutched his young master's coat and sobbed.  Kyan stared at the man, dumbfounded.  It could not be, but the old man was far from senile.  The horse stood with head hanging and sides heaving, a merry ride in the country could not account for the pitiful creature's state, no matter how far and hard they had ridden.  Something had frightened the beast nigh unto death and his rider was in little better state.  Kyan freed himself from the terrified old man's clutching hands, said something he could never afterwards remember by way of consolation, and dashed for the castle to inform his brother of these dread tidings.
The doors were firmly closed for the night and the watchman on duty shook his head grimly as the boy pounded vainly on the great oaken doors.  Said the guard, "it is no use lad, your brother will not hear you.  He has forsaken you and your sister as kith and kin and will no longer associate with either of you, so much have you embarrassed and discomfited him.  He will allow you to live quietly under his care, as he might a penniless uncle, but he will not deign to allow you into his presence or acknowledge you as kin.  You had best go home and leave things be, ere they grow worse should you further provoke him."  
Kyan stopped his pounding upon the door and said in desperation, "but my sister!  Our sister!  She has this day gone missing!  We will need all our strength and more to rescue her!"  
The old soldier shook his head sadly, "he will not hear you or acknowledge her as his responsibility.  If there is a remedy, you must find it yourself."  
The boy nodded in resignation and turned from the great door.  As he turned to go, he said to the ancient guard, "could I have the loan of your sword?  I have no weapon to my name and this foe is grim indeed."
Moved to pity by the plight of the boy and his sister, of whom he had been fond since they were small enough to bounce upon their father's knee, the old man said, "my armor is old and plain, but the sword is sharp as any of greater name or lineage.  Take what you need, for here it will only rust in the damp of night and rain of countless hours of watching."  
The boy brightened at this small offer of help, took what the man could spare him, and then dashed towards the stable.  He took the horse he had returned home upon and vanished into the night upon the trail of his lost sister.  The old servant watched the boy ride off then collapsed into a sobbing heap before the crumbling cottage; he was raving with fever when they found him the next morning and the name he cried out sent a chill through the heart of even the boldest that heard it.  Marlin cursed his brother's foolishness for undertaking such a quest alone.  Many were the brave knights that had challenged this dreadful foe yet none had ever returned to tell the tale.

Kyan pushed his horse as hard as he dared, knowing he had a long journey ahead of him yet his heart ached to think of his sister languishing in the clutches of this infamous villain.  His own courage nearly failed even to think upon that name, let alone to speak it aloud.  The Master of Bones was infamous for his cruelty and seeming invincibility, but there was no mistaking that those who had borne off his sister were Minions, the awful slaves of that terrible creature.  So he rode on, knowing full well his own death was inevitable but hoping against hope that somehow he might succeed in ransoming his sister.  The creature's lair stood atop a mountain at least a week's hard riding from Marlin's castle and Kyan regretted every minute wasted in rest, but neither he nor his horse would live to challenge the Master of Bones if he pressed on as hard as he wished.  The days were a blur, he slept uneasily when he stopped to rest the horse, and lived on the dry bread and meat the servant had hastily packed ere his departure.  But somehow, both man and beast survived the interminable journey and stood at the base of the mountain atop which a once grand castle perched, wherein dwelt their vile foe.
Kyan drew rein and stopped for their final rest at the base of the path leading up the rocky slope.  The tired horse whinnied in terror, catching the creature's scent; he reared, pulled his reins free, and fled back the way they had come.  Kyan sighed heavily, not liking to lose his only companion on this suicidal quest, but perhaps it was for the best, at least one of them would survive this fool adventure.  
"That beast has more sense than you," came an amused voice, "it would be wise for you to flee likewise."  
Kyan jumped at the unexpected utterance but quickly glanced around to locate the source.  An old man, hunched and bent, sat upon a stone beside the climbing path though no one had been there a moment before.  Said the boy, "I would not attempt such a thing were it not needful sir, that creature has my sister and I must attempt her rescue or forever rue my cowardice."  
The old man nodded thoughtfully, "a needful thing perhaps, but certainly not wise unless you can somehow hope to accomplish your task."  
The boy nodded glumly, "I know none have lived who have ascended this hill but I must try sir."
The peculiar little man said, "no, none survive but that does not mean you cannot succeed in your goal."  The boy frowned in incomprehension as the man continued, "there is a way to rescue your sister but it will cost you your life."  
For the first time in days, hope shone in the boy's eyes, "I knew I rode to my death regardless sir, let it not be in vain.  What must I do?"  
The old man said, "only a true Knight can defeat this dreadful creature and only one willing to lay his life down without struggle or fuss.  He must offer himself in the victim's stead, only then can the creature be destroyed and the hostage freed, else all will perish."  
The boy sighed, "I am willing to make such a sacrifice yet no knight am I, only a disgraced squire."  
The strange little man laughed, "what know these mortal lords of true valor and courage?  Come boy, kneel and you shall be a true Knight of the Great King."  The boy's eyes widened in wonder but he quickly knelt before the old man, who promptly knighted the boy, and then sent him on his way after telling him exactly what must be said and done.  The boy stood, nearly glowing with eagerness and was about to spill forth his thanks to the stranger but he was again alone at the base of the path.  He shook his head in wonder and quickly set forth on his last and greatest quest.
He had not gone far when an ugly creature, roughly man shaped but with long arms and a leathery grey hide, accosted him, "would you challenge the Master of Bones fool?"  
Kyan took a deep breath and addressed the Minion as calmly as he could, though his heart quivered within him, "I do not come to challenge your master.  He has taken my sister and I would take her place.  I do hereby surrender myself to your master if he would then free my sister.  She is but a disgraced lady of little name and no fortune.  I am a true Knight, full and free."  
The creature at first seemed taken aback at this statement and then burst into uproarious laughter.  Kyan calmly waited for the abomination to regain its senses.  The mirthful convulsions finally subsided and the Minion replied as calmly as it could, "very well, my master would be most interested in your plea.  Come."  He followed the creature as it ascended towards the ancient castle that the Master of Bones had taken from whomever had built it centuries ago.  As they climbed, Minions seemed to appear out of every crevice and crack in the stone and from behind every rock.  There had never been such an entrance as this in all the long years since the Master of Bones had taken this place as his own.  Mortal men came only ever to challenge or as captives, never as a willing victim.
 Kyan was surrounded by Minions as they finally came to the ridge on which the ancient ruin stood; the Master of Bones had come forth to meet them.  The creature was vaguely troll-like in appearance, being thrice the height of a man with long arms, pasty flesh, scraggly hair, beady eyes, and many cruel and broken teeth.  He stared down at his victim and gloated, "not brave enough to challenge me boy?  Or perhaps you know I can be bested by no mortal man?  In either case, I shall drink your blood and my Minions shall gladly gnaw your bones."  
"What of my sister?" demanded Kyan in a bold voice that surprised everyone, most especially himself.  
The Master of Bones snorted, "if her freedom is your price, then let the bargain be struck.  As soon as you lie dead, she shall go free."  "Only," said the monster in great glee, "she must watch."  
Kyan flinched, "must you be so cruel?"  
He snorted in derision, "what else could I be?  Be silent, you are lucky I am willing to bargain at all, but this miserable sacrifice amuses me else I would not humor such folly.  Now lie on that stone bier, as is proper for a Knight in death."
Kyan climbed atop the great flat topped stone and lay with his sword on his breast, clutching the hilt with both hands.  He heard his sister shriek as the Minions brought her forth to watch this ghastly demonstration; he heard her shrieks of terror turn to sobs of horror as she recognized her brother upon the slab.  The Master of Bones smiled at her horror and then bent over the prone Knight, gloating, "I hope the price was worth it boy!"  He opened his grim mouth to reveal countless sharp and broken teeth with which he bit down on the boy's exposed neck and severed the great vessels found therein.  The sudden shunting of blood from Kyan's brain to the monster's gullet caused the boy to lapse suddenly into darkness, his sister's sobs and the mocking laughter of the Minions were the last things he heard.  
The boy's skin grew deathly pale, his heart struggled vainly, and his breathing ceased; Kaya wept inconsolably.  The monster stood upright, a dreadful smile on his face, as he sneered down at the limp and unmoving Knight.  The girl's sobbing made him smile all the more.  He reached down and took up the boy's sword, disappointed to discover the fool was so ill-equipped.  His castle was stuffed with treasure once owned by those foolish enough to oppose him.  This pathetic creature bore nothing more elaborate than a common foot soldier might possess.  A single drop of blood escaped his flabby lips and landed on the sword as he studied the weapon.  He cast it aside in disgust, but it did not clatter upon the stony ground as it should have.  
He turned to stare in astonishment at the ominous silence and gasped to see his victim sitting up and holding the sword, ready to spring.  The monster began to laugh but it turned to a gurgle as Kyan leapt upon him and drove the weapon deep into the creature's chest.  They collapsed together upon the stony ground and the Master of Bones fell to dust.  A great cry went up from the hapless Minions, who suddenly clutched at their chests and vanished, as had their master.  A terrible wind came up and blew away the mortal remains of the Minions and their late master.  Kaya remained alone in that desolate place and raced to the side of her unmoving brother, who lay pale and lifeless upon the flagstones.  She knelt over the prone form and wept in terror, horror, and relief.



Excerpt from, ‘On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible’

“No, no, no!” rang the irate fairy’s strident voice as she perused the text before her, “this will never do, not in the least!  That’s not how it happened at all!”
“What’s wrong with it?” gasped her journalistic companion in surprise, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy or some such?”
Her glare froze him in his seat as she replied icily, “that does not mean I will swoon and sigh over this pathetic drivel you have the audacity to call literature.  Not even my goody-goody sister is that insipid.”
“But what is wrong with it?” said the flummoxed, and rather nervous, writer in growing despair.
“The better question,” said the fairy wryly, “is what is right with it.  Nothing!  Absolutely nothing!”  She frowned slightly and added, “that and it is utterly dull.”
“Dull?!” said he, his ire suddenly replacing his fear and surprise, “it is the consummate fairy tale!”
“That’s the problem,” said she with a heavy sigh, “I’ve had to give up the genre entirely in these latter years; it probably isn’t your fault, the world isn’t what it used to be.  I suppose you don’t even believe in dragons?”
“Of course not,” said the man with a sneer, “why should I?  Nor unicorns either, for that matter.”
“So you can put a rider on your home insurance policy, of course” said the fairy with a laughing smirk, “what happens if a dragon should happen to fly over your house and sneeze?”  He paled at this, wondering if his disbelief were so wise and trendy after all.  She continued, “as for unicorns, there’s not really any practical reason to believe in them, but it’s to your own loss if you don’t.”  He frowned at her, not catching her meaning but she was not about to enlighten him further.
Said he after a long and awkward silence, “very well, madam, I suppose since I importuned you for this very reason.  You had best tell me how to improve my manuscript.”
“Much better,” said the Reformed Fairy of Blackfen, with something almost resembling a genuine smile.  She took up the paper again and scanned the text, muttering under her breath as she read, “big party...angry fairy...the girl will die...irritating cousin mitigates the curse...pricks her finger on a spindle...long nap...smooch from a handsome prince...happily ever after.”  She looked up at him and said solemnly, “if you must know, it is very tedious indeed.”  His mouth fell open in astonishment but she charged on before he could utter anything he might afterwards regret, as he was in the presence of a magical person who did not suffer fools lightly, said she, “your characters have no personality, your plot has no depth, there isn’t even a sprinkling of humor in it, the danger and suspense is nonexistent as we all know the prince will come eventually.  That and it’s historically inaccurate.”
“Fine,” grumped the journalist, sitting back in his chair, arms crossed, and the look of a sulking toddler on his face, “enlighten me.”
“Oh, that I will,” said the fairy in true delight as she tossed the paper aside, laughed she, “and it doesn’t even begin with ‘Once upon a time:’

“I need a baby,” said the noble lady to her husband as he entered their extensive and fashionable house.  He stared at her blankly for a moment, as if wondering why she just did not go out and procure one like she did her dresses and shoes, rather than bothering him with such trifling little details, but before he could fathom the full import of her words, she plunged ahead, “I was just over at the Jones’s and they have the cutest little boy!  Oh, darling!  I want one; I must have one!  Wouldn’t a little girl be just the thing to liven up this rather dreary old house?  Think of the adorable little clothes and the accessories I could buy!  The congratulations and adulation that would flow in!”
He was about to protest that babies were theoretically expensive, and from what he had heard, they were quite noisy and dreadfully messy, not to mention rather inconvenient, but then that is what one had staff for, was it not?  And as money was no object in that particular household, why not?  “Very well darling,” said he, “if it makes you happy, nothing could please me more.”
But it seems infants are slightly harder to procure than shoes of a particular size and shade, which is hard enough, most especially when you are impatient for the fulfillment thereof.  So it was that little Midas Jones was walking and beginning to babble almost recognizable verbiage, which his mother insisted were words, whilst our esteemed lady’s frustrations mounted over her inability to produce such an adorable creature of her own, but more importantly she was unable to reap the social excitement and congratulations that would undoubtedly flow unceasingly from such a fount.  She consulted every known sorcerer, apothecary, physician, and herbalist she could find who specialized in such matters, but all to no avail.
But just as the baby craze seemed to be fading in that particular neighborhood, though exotic poultry were becoming quite fashionable, our lady found herself the mother of a beautiful little girl, in celebration of which, they threw a fantastic party, inviting everyone who was anyone in the entire Kingdom and beyond.  The happy couple stood at the door greeting their guests as carriage after carriage rolled up and disgorged one fabulously clad celebrant after another, all obviously bored silly and there out of duty rather than any fondness for children in general or this couple in particular.  The proud parents had just turned to follow the last invited guest into the house, when a rather irritated throat cleared behind them, drawing their attention.  “Yes?” said the perplexed lady of the house to the rather curiously dressed individual loitering upon her expensive and stately steps.
“I fear my invitation must have been mislaid or lost by the carrier, for I never received it,” said the interesting personage.
“Invitation?!” said the lady, quite aghast that this odd person could even think that she would ever extend an invitation to such a peculiar and shabbily clad being.
“It is the only explanation,” said the creature, quite indifferent to the hostess’ shock, “for who would dare not invite me?”
“Who or what are you, madam?” said the astounded lady.
“What?” said the disturbing vision, with a certain dangerous edge in her voice that even the flabbergasted lady could not miss, “I am not a what but a who, madam!  I am the Fairy of Blackfen.”
“Ah!” said the relieved host, coming to his lady’s rescue, “that explains it then.  For you see, we don’t happen to believe in fairies, it is quite unfashionable and therefore unthinkable, and since we do not believe in your existence, well, you can’t expect an invitation when you don’t exist now, can you?  No hard feelings I hope.  Ta ta!”  He stared at her expectantly for a moment, as if he expected her to immediately tip over dead, and then seemed rather crestfallen when she failed to do anything half so obliging.
The fairy frowned at him, “why are you standing there gaping?”
“I would think you of all people would have read that particular story?” said he in wonder, “when I said, ‘we don’t believe in fairies,’ aren’t you supposed to drop dead or something?”
The fairy said with a longsuffering sigh, but could not entirely hide her wry smirk, “I am afraid that particular story is not this particular story, thus the rules are quite different.  So sorry to disoblige you, now what about my invitation?”
“I am afraid not,” said the lady of the house with a firm shake of her head, “it would never do!  Your attire alone is five hundred years out of fashion, not to mention what my neighbors would think if I actually let a fairy in the house!  It would be utterly ridiculous and I could never again show my face in fashionable society.  Now if you were a leprechaun or some other well-to-do and currently in-vogue pixie-type person, I might make an exception, but it is completely unthinkable in this instance!  I bid you good day, madam; I have a party to host!”
The fairy laughed darkly and said in her most sinister voice, which was impressively creepy, “what if I threatened to curse your child else?”
“Oh, would you!” said the lady in sudden delight.  At the astonished and confused looks she received not only from the fairy but also from her husband, she added by way of explanation, “little Midas Jones was hexed after calling the new teacher at his Montessori, ‘an ugly old hag,’ when she pinched him and said he looked good enough to eat.  It was only the truth after all, but still she sued the Montessori and won enough money to pay cash for that homely old gingerbread mansion down the street.  Who builds with carbs nowadays?  Anyway, then she went and cursed him besides.  Now everything he touches turns to gold!  I had thought about asking if we could babysit now and again, but this would be even better.”  Her husband still looked rather perplexed, though the fairy now seemed to understand far more about this particular couple than they knew about themselves.  The lady rolled her eyes and sighed, “what is it dear?  What was unclear about what I just said?”
The man shook his head, “what’s a Montessori?  Some sort of fancy sandwich shop?”
With another sigh, his wife expounded, “it is an elite and expensive school for very young children, I had one picked out even before our daughter was born; you can’t start too early, you know.”  She eyed the fairy eagerly, “what do you think?”
Said the fairy dryly, “I don’t think there’s a worse curse I could lay on you people than the existence you already lead.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” snapped the lady in vexation, “the Jones’s have a child with a curse, how am I to be content without one too?”
The fairy wore a mocking smile, “you continue to prove my point, madam.  But I won’t be cursing your wretched whelp with anything half so interesting as the golden touch.  I suppose I could destine her to prick her finger on a spindle and fall into a wakeless sleep, or even to die; it’s trite, but effective.”  She frowned, “but then there’s always the matter of some pesky prince showing up and ruining everything; I can’t abide a ‘happily ever after.’  No, I’ll leave things as they are, I’ll let you stew in your insipidness and go vainly about your pathetic lives, but I will not forget this and one day, I will have my revenge on the entire neighborhood.  It used to be an actually respectable part of the Kingdom, except maybe for that troll under the bridge, but I’d take him over any of your ilk, drat those goats!  At least he kept the riffraff out.”
The lady looked rather baffled after this expostulation and asked for clarification upon the most important point, at least to her thinking, “what exactly is a spindle?”
The fairy sighed heavily, and replied, “I suppose you’ve never actually had to do any sort of actual handicrafts?  Making your own dresses, spinning, sewing, that sort of thing?”
“Making dresses?” said the flummoxed lady, “I have never heard of anything so ridiculous!  Why, I just send a page down to a certain seamstress with precise instructions as to what I want and need, and her lad brings it over in a trice.  No fuss, no mess, just magic!  Or does she grow them?  Sewing indeed!  What nonsense!”
The fairy’s head was in her hands, though whether trying to hide her amusement or frustration this tale does not tell, sighed she at long last, “never mind madam, it matters not.”  And then she vanished.  The baffled couple exchanged a perplexed look and then went in to their guests with quite the story to tell.”

“That is utterly ridiculous!” gasped the journalist, as the fairy paused in her telling of the tale.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, thinking she had made her point at last, “such was the state of the world even then, and it has only grown worse since.”
“No!” said the offended man, “they could have been my parents!  What happened to the King and Queen?  The castle?  Who wants to hear a fairy tale set in the suburbs?”
“Apparently not you,” said the fairy darkly, but softening her tone, she said more graciously, “but then you can’t really help your upbringing I suppose and it explains much about your own lackluster tale.”  She glanced derisively at the cast off manuscript, “I suppose you can’t help that!  Now do you want to hear the rest of the tale or shall I call in a psychologist so you can work through your traumatic childhood first?”
“By all means, please continue,” said the man, who was now white as a ghost, though whether at the thought of displeasing this magically dangerous personage or at the very idea that he might need counseling, she did not know.  She smiled in a very pleased fashion, for either would suffice, and then continued:

“After the congratulations and socially enforced awe that attend the advent of a new baby in the family had subsided to a mere trickle, and as the lady’s trendy chicken fetish consumed more and more of her time, the child was relegated to the care of a person known only as ‘nurse.’  And as Nurse was a rather old and perpetually exhausted person, she required a great deal of sleep, which only increased as the child grew, thus the dear lady spent most of her waking hours dozing in a chair in the garden whilst her charge ran amuck amongst the ferns and hedgerows.  While her mother truly had picked out a Montessori, a husband, the names of her grandchildren, etc. before the girl was even born, the all-consuming pressure of trends and fashion soon turned her mind to other, more pressing concerns and her daughter’s brilliant future was quite soon forgotten therewith.
The disgruntled fairy had not forgotten her promise and watched the family with interest as the child grew, wondering if she could come up with a curse worse than the girl’s current reality.  However, the girl was not without allies, for this particular fairy had a sister, one with whom she was not on very good terms, for in the elder’s usually blunt way of expressing things, she summed up her younger sister as a quote, ‘goody two-shoes!’  The younger saw what the elder was plotting and felt the need to intervene on behalf of the child, though whether she was protecting the girl from her parents or her vengeful sister, or both, was yet to be seen.”

“This is actually becoming a little bit interesting,” said the man, whose complexion had returned to a somewhat more natural color, “do you not find it odd to speak of yourself in the third person?”
The fairy glared at him and he was suddenly pallid as milk once more, said she, “if you would please not interrupt, you will soon discover that the story becomes quite interesting indeed.  And a good storyteller has no difficulty in speaking in the third, fourth, or even fifth person!”
The man frowned, “the fifth person?”
“Only slightly more difficult to master than the fourth-and-a-half person,” said she with dancing eyes, causing his cheeks to redden in fury as he realized she was making fun of him rather than imparting the literary secrets of Faerie.  Ignoring his interest in the grammatical rules peculiar to immortals, she continued...



Excerpt from ‘Shadow of the Unicorn:,’

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter, as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with whom he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire, that was more patches than original cloth, and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it was simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eagerness to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling, for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.



Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.
~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.  




Excerpt from ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I’

The rain-battered traveler approached the inn on a dark autumn night, a faint glimmer of firelight and the sounds of singing and murmured speech escaped through the open door.  A stable boy took the reins of the black mare and led her away into the darkened stable.  The man went into the inn, found a secluded corner, and sat down.  A serving girl brought him a mug of the local ale, a loaf of bread, and a bowl of indifferent stew.  He glanced around the room as he chewed thoughtfully.  A few of the locals were glancing his way hopefully, a stranger always meant news, good or bad, it was always welcomed in such a distant corner of the world.  He finished his meal and caught the eye of one of the more persistent glancers; the fellow smiled and showed a mouth missing several teeth, but he seemed friendly enough.  He walked over and sat down next to the stranger.  
“What brings you to a place like this?” asked the local in a drawling slur.  
“Just passing through,” said the stranger.  
“You cannot pass through here to anywhere,” laughed the local, “this is as close as you can get to nowhere without falling off the edge of the map.”  Several heads nodded assent to this obvious statement.  
“Let us just say I want to see the world and have an adventure or two before I grow too old and sensible to do aught except walk behind a plow,” answered the stranger.  Several heads smiled and bobbed with mirth; they had been young once it seemed.  The stranger then regaled them with enough news and rumors to satisfy their curiosity.  As the night wore on, even the most dedicated drunks gave up and went home, leaving the stranger alone in the common room.  The innkeeper offered to show his only guest to his room, but the stranger wanted to check on his horse first.  The innkeeper protested that he had as fine a stable as anyone could want, but he could do as he pleased.
In the stable, the man found the mare.  She seemed comfortable enough but he knew it was hardly fitting for her.  She snorted in exasperation but seemed to accept her current circumstances, if only because he thought she must.  “There, there, old girl,” he said smilingly, “we shall not be here long.  You have endured far worse and you know it.  Do the best you can and I will try to make it up to you.  If it is any consolation, my room is not much better than your stall.”  The mare made a noncommittal sound but seemed satisfied.  
“Why are you talking to your horse, sir?” asked the stable boy from the hayloft, “It is not as if she could understand you.  Sides, we got the best stable in these parts.”  
“I am sure you do,” laughed the man, thinking that they probably had the only stable in the area.  “We have traveled many long miles together and sometimes she is the only one I have to talk to for days on end.  You should be sleeping, and not eavesdropping on a poor, wandering man.”  
“Do not tell my boss!” declared the boy, “This is the only thing I have going for me.  If he hears about it, he will turn me out in the cold.”  
The man grew serious and took a closer look at the boy.  He must be around fifteen or sixteen but he was short and thin for his age.  Whatever the boy received in exchange for his services, he certainly was not well fed.  “Do not worry, I will not say anything to get you in trouble,” said the man.  The boy seemed to visibly relax.  “You do not have any family or friends you can go to?” asked the man.  
A look of dismay crossed the boy’s face.  “My ma tossed me out as soon as I turned sixteen.  Said I was old enough to fend for myself.  Not that I can blame her.  I got seven younger siblings she has got to feed.  I do not know who my dad is.  The innkeeper lets me sleep in the loft and eat any scraps from supper as long as I take care of the horses,” said the boy.  
The man’s heart was moved for the boy and before he knew what he was saying said, “I might have use for an errand boy.  How would you like to come with me?  I cannot pay much, but the rations would be better.  There are many nights when I must sleep rough, but it cannot be much worse than a hayloft.”  A grin split the boy’s face and he readily agreed.
The man returned to the inn and slept for what was left of the night.  As he settled his bill, he told the innkeeper he would be taking the boy with him.  The man shrugged his shoulders and grumbled under his breath about good help being hard to find, but said nothing anyone was meant to hear.  The man went to the stable to fetch his horse and found the boy waiting with a small sack slung over one shoulder and a large grin on his face.  The mare was saddled and ready to go.  
“First,” said the man, “we need to find you a pony and some proper clothes.”  They wandered off towards the village and found a scruffy looking pony that the owner was willing to part with for only a small fortune.  They also found a set of clothes that fit the boy much better than his current rags.  After acquiring a few more essentials, they set off.  The mare glanced distastefully back at the pony and the boy and gave the man a significant look.  He patted her neck in reassurance and she shook her head in exasperation.  The boy noticed none of this.  To him, the pony might as well have been a great charger and his new clothes a shining suit of armor.  He was off on an adventure and anything could happen.  The man wondered what on earth he was to do with his newly acquired companion.  The mare snorted, as if to say ‘I told you so.’
That night they camped in a small clearing alongside a stream.  The boy was exceedingly desperate to please and quickly went about setting up camp and even volunteered to try catching a few fish.  He was quite adept as a fisherman, and within an hour had several small trout roasting over a cheery fire.  During supper, the boy glanced around for the mare, but she was nowhere to be seen.  The pony grazed contently, hobbled nearby, but the horse was gone.  When questioned about it, the man said she came and went as she pleased and she would be back before dawn.  In the morning, they broke camp, and as predicted the mare was ready and waiting.  Before mounting up, the man handed the boy a bow and a collection of arrows that he had acquired on their trip to town.  The boy glanced at them with a mix of joy and trepidation.  The man said, “it might not be a bad idea if you learn the use of a bow as we travel.”  The boy smiled excitedly, though he had never shot at anything save the occasional rabbit.  As they traveled, the boy practiced his archery and proved to have a natural talent.  
The terrain became steeper and the ground stonier as they headed north and east, eventually they came to a small city and within stood a towering castle.  The town stood within a high, stonewall and though the gate stood open, guards carefully questioned those trying to enter.  Outside the walls, a veritable maze of houses, shops, and inns had grown up over the ensuing centuries, apparently the population had well outgrown the original confines of the city.  As man and boy approached the gate, the guards glanced at the man, gave a questioning look at the boy, and then looked again at the man, who nodded, and they were allowed to pass without further incident. The boy wondered at this but remained silent, overawed by all the novel sights and sounds about him.  Throughout the city people seemed relatively happy and contentedly went about their work with a gaiety that puzzled the boy.  People seemed to simply enjoy the myriad mundanities of life and never once seemed to wonder what it was all about or why things were not better.  They approached the heavily guarded main castle gate, but the guards only saluted the man as he rode past, glancing questioningly at the boy, but let both pass unhindered.
Immediately inside the gate they entered a courtyard and the boy’s heart leapt into his throat.  There in full regalia, mounted upon a great horse, sat a Knight of the Order of the Unicorn.  He set his heels to his pony’s sides, pulled the small dagger from his belt, and with a cry of utter anguish charged at the mighty horse and the man who sat upon it.  The charger turned his shoulder towards the approaching pony and hardly seemed to notice as the poor beast bounced off the great shoulder.  The mounted man jumped down and in one smooth motion drew his sword and placed his foot upon the chest of the fallen boy.  As he drew back to lop the boy’s head off, steel met steel.  The stranger had leapt into the fray and his sword now held the knight’s weapon at bay.  
“You will not spill innocent blood in the heart of Astoria,” the stranger said quietly, “put up your blade!”  Noticing the guards approaching with bared steel the knight reluctantly complied.  “Boy! You will go with the guards and we will discuss this later,” said the man quietly.  The boy meekly allowed the guards to lead him away but gave a final look of hatred to the man who had just tried to kill him.  
“The boy’s life belongs to me,” sneered the knight.  
“His life belongs to no man but to the Master,” said the stranger.  
“I claim it by right of the Order.  Any who lays a hand upon a member of my Order shall surely perish.  You are lucky I do not claim yours as well for hindering me,” scoffed the knight.  
“I do not know why he attacked you, but I shall find out and he will be dealt with according to our laws,” said the stranger, “you will not lay a hand on him and he will not bother you again.  See to your business and be gone.”  
“Your laws!” scoffed the knight,  “There are no laws, save those of the Order.  The laws of mere men such as yourself are nothing but guidelines to keep the peasants in line.  True justice is maintained only by the Order.  This is not finished.”  A servant appeared, bowed to the knight, and led him deeper into the castle.  
The stranger led the mare quietly to a corner of the courtyard where several servants stood waiting.  He removed her harness and baggage, handing them to the waiting servants while another opened a side door and she walked out onto a wide, grassy lawn.
He then made his way to the guardhouse near the gate where the boy sat weeping.  As the stranger approached, the boy tried to shrink into the wall against which he sat.  The guards left them alone and resumed their posts.  “Well?” asked the stranger.  
“He..he…he was one of that awful group of men…that…that…defiled my mother,” finished the boy.  “She was but a girl of sixteen and they came riding through the village and proclaimed that they were better than everybody and saw her alone in a meadow with her father’s sheep and…  Well she got pregnant and everybody said it was her own fault and she had me and no decent man would have her after that and she has got eight kids by as many men and none of them care,” sobbed the boy, “I was only trying to avenge my mum.”  
The man put an arm around the sobbing boy and drew him close.  “Do not worry, we will not let him hurt you, but revenge is not the same as justice.  If you wish to stay here, you must learn many things, including forgiveness.  Your family has suffered greatly under the injustice of the world, but that does not mean you may ‘avenge’ every grievance you have suffered.  You must learn that anger and hatred are not the appropriate way to deal with suffering and wrongs.  Forgiveness, mercy, and grace must be foremost in your mind and heart else you will be no different than he and the rest of his Order.  Justice has a place, but only after careful thought and contemplation, and it must never be carried out in hatred or anger.  Even justice must be done with love.  Love meaning you are doing what is best for every person involved, even if it hurts.  You must learn these things if you wish to stay here.  If you wish for revenge rather than justice, then you may take your pony and some provisions and ride to wherever your fate takes you, but you cannot remain here.”  
The boy sniffled a bit as he looked up into the gentle eyes of the stranger and said, “I never had a dad, but I hope he would have been like you.  I would like to stay if I can?  I do not rightly understand everything you have said but I would like to try and learn it, if I must.  I do not want to be like that man and his fellows.”  
“Good,” said the stranger, “then I shall take you to meet the Lady.”  They both stood and together walked back to the courtyard where a servant waited patiently.  The servant led them deep into the castle and in a small inner chamber they found a very beautiful yet ancient woman.  They both bowed deeply and took seats facing her.  
“Welcome home Tristan,” she said.  “And welcome also young man, but I hope you will not be attacking anyone else within the walls of my keep?” added she with a smile.  The boy blushed crimson.  “You have been away a long time,” she continued, “I hope your journey has not been in vain?”  
“I have learned much, Lady,” he said, “though little to cheer the heart.”  
“And what of the boy?” asked she.  
“I am not sure exactly,” said the man, “I came across him at an inn some days ago and before I knew what I was saying had asked him to come with me.  As far as things go, he is as good as an orphan.  At worst, he is far better off here than where he was.  Perhaps there is more to it, but it will take greater minds than mine to see what.  It just felt right to bring him along.”  
“Very well,” said the Lady, “we shall see what comes of him..  Young man, as long as you are here, you will be expected to do as you are told and be respectful of all people, including apparent enemies.  You are expected to attend lessons on everything from proper grammar to swordsmanship; you will be assigned a number of chores as well.  You will receive room, board, and a small allowance as long as you stay.  You may leave at any time, but if you misbehave and do not correct said behavior when called upon it you will be dismissed.  Will you stay or go?”  The boy stared at her for a few moments and then said he would happily stay, it sounded a much better arrangement than he could find elsewhere, especially the part about swords.  The Lady smiled and clapped her hands.  A servant appeared and led the boy to the room that had been prepared for him.  She and Tristan talked long into the night about his journey and the evil tidings in the world.

“When shall I see this Lady of yours?” demanded the Knight.  
“You shall see her as soon as may be.  You did not send word that you were coming as common courtesy demands so you cannot expect to see her on such short notice.  Besides, she is currently occupied with an urgent matter of business,” said the patient servant to the man from the Order, “perhaps you would like to go to your room and freshen up or perhaps a bit of supper would please you while you wait?”  
The man scoffed at the servant and continued his pacing in the small parlor in which he found himself.  No other country or king would dare keep a member of the Order waiting!  He could not believe the effrontery of this small kingdom on the border of nowhere.  But the time was drawing near when the Order would hold sway over all the kingdoms within their reach.  This insignificant Burg and its impertinent Lady would soon feel the yoke of the Order and cower in fear at the merest hint of his wrath.  Neither could he believe the temerity of that scruffy stranger in staying his hand when that cur of a boy had dared attack him and justly deserved to have his head separated from his shoulders.  Where was the respect and welcome due a man of his standing within the Order?  His masters would hear of this and an example must be made that the fear of the Order might be maintained.  The servant drew up a chair and prepared for a long night of watching the man pace.
Some time in the small hours of the morning, the wearily pacing man was led into a small chamber in which sat a very old yet regal woman.  He had not meant to bow, but something in the sheer presence of the woman summoned respect he never meant to give.  He had meant to overpower her with awe and fear and scorn her with his wrath, but he felt like a small boy caught by his mother in some small act of disobedience.  The woman smiled as if she knew his mind and with a hand beckoned him to come forward.  
“Lady,” he began, “I have traveled over many leagues to this forsaken city of yours.  The Order of the Unicorn has mandated that every city, province, and kingdom must have a representative of the Order in place to settle minor disputes and to relieve the local authorities of the tedium of maintaining law and order.  Only the most important matters need be brought before the local authorities and by doing so, we wish only to serve the common good and those who serve justice and peace.”  
Instead of hearing him with reverent awe, his statement was greeted with laughter that was dangerously close to giggling.  “You have no idea who we are?” asked the Lady, “Of old we have been the standard for law and justice and everything peaceful and true.  Are we completely forgotten?  Is even our legend a secret in these troubled times?”  
“I know,” said the man in consternation, “that you are a standoffish people and have never hailed king nor lord but have dwelt quietly in your little valley far away from the dwellings of other men.  Were you warlike you would soon enough have been dealt with by greater nations, but as you seek only your own ends and this outpost on the edge of forever is of no interest to anyone but yourselves you have been left largely in peace.  But the time is coming when no rogue state or city will be allowed to follow its own course.  All must unite and fight together the great evil that is brewing in the world.  You must unite with the rest of the world under the banner of the Unicorn or you will be cut off and destroyed.  We are your only chance of survival.”
The old woman seemed lost in thought, “it seems only a few short years ago that we were known in all lands as purveyors of knowledge, wisdom, and justice.  Now we must act in secrecy but our presence is no less vibrant in the world, though we have dwindled of late.  Our span of years is thrice that or more of other men, but can the years have so swiftly passed us by?  We have dwindled not only in number but also in memory and significance.  These are grave tidings indeed.  We are failing in our quest.  We must come out of the shadows and renew our efforts to reach the lost and hopeless!  A great evil you say?  Yes, a great evil indeed lurks out there, greater than even you can imagine.  But the evil I am most concerned with is our laxity of late.  We have fallen into myth and decay out of a fear for our own lives.  But no more!  We must break out of this coffin in which we have entombed ourselves, shake off the dust, and rock the foundations of the world once more!”  The man was thoroughly confused as to what the old woman was musing about, but apparently it had her greatly excited.  Perhaps she was senile?  She seemed to have forgotten he was even there.  “Angbar!” she cried as a servant shuffled in, “call a General Assembly immediately!  Everyone is to attend, even the newest recruit.  Rouse those lazy sluggards from their beds.  I do not care if it is not yet dawn.”  
“Yes Lady,” said the confused servant as he bowed and dashed out of the room.  
She then directed her hawk-like gaze at her guest and continued, “thank you young man for these tidings that have roused this slumbering old bear into action.  As for your offer of maintaining peace and justice within the bounds of my land, I thank you but we have been doing quite well without you for the last few millennia and I think will be doing quite well when your Order has passed out of memory.”  
“But,” started the man, “it is not a request or an offer.  It is a mandate by the High Council of the Order of the Unicorn.  You must!”  
“I must nothing!” laughed the old woman, “I doubt any of your high and mighty council has ever even glimpsed a unicorn.  Yet you have the audacity to order around a woman who has seen The Unicorn and received this position with His blessing.  Now off with you.  Go and tell all your masters how ill-used you have been.  Declare war on us if you will.  We have heard it all before and survived worse.  I have not time to deal with your self-important schemes.  I have a rabble to rouse!”  With a delighted laugh she sprang from her chair and skipped off like a girl.  A servant appeared and the dumbfounded man followed obediently, mounted his waiting horse, and rode off into the grey morning.

