
Whisper Bound
A novel of Whisper

Bonnie Elizabeth



Whisper Bound
My Big Fat Orange Cat
Contemporary Fantasy, March 2013


Copyright  2013 Bonnie Elizabeth Koenig
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For more information contact My Big Fat Orange Cat Publishing
http://www.mybigfatorangecat.com

Whisper Washington and its corresponding mountain, called Whisper, is a fictional place. Whisper Bound is a work of fiction. All characters and events in the book are the work of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



PROLOGUE

Meg woke when the edge of her alarm clock hit her head. Blood dripped down across her face, making her wipe her hand across her eyes before opening them. It took her a scant moment to realize that her hand wasn’t shaking­—the earth was. The clock lay beside her on the bed while the shaking of her apartment intensified. She heard soft tinkling sounds of small stones and metal findings coming from the earrings on her wooden wall--mounted holder. Every big jolt caused the harsh meeting of wood and wall to make a scratching sound. At least the earring holder was something she wouldn’t have to pick up. That is, assuming the whole wall didn’t fall on her. Several other things landed on the floor as Meg wondered what would happen if the building fell. Would she live? Would she be trapped or would she die?  Most distressing of all, would she be trapped alone for days before dying?  
The lamp knocked against the wall. The slight crunch of drywall brought Meg back from her worries. She lived in Whisper. Earthquakes didn’t happen in Whisper. They most certainly didn’t happen to people like Meg. Even the fact that it was the clock that hit her rather than the lamp seemed a good omen.
When the earth stopped moving, Meg looked around. Nothing else seemed to be broken. Was this the big earthquake that everyone was waiting to hit Seattle?  Meg never expected to feel it so strongly as far east as Whisper.
Seattle was perhaps forty-five minutes to the west. The main earthquake fault Meg read about was closer to the I-90 corridor, a few miles to the south. Whisper was about the only town east of the Snoqualmie Valley, sitting up above Duvall and Carnation in the mountains. Whisper was actually one mountain, but parts of the town had spread to other hills and down to the valley. Eventually, as more and more people were willing to move east for more affordable housing, there would be no real divide between the southeastern border of Duvall and northern border of Whisper.
Blood trickled down her face. Meg rubbed at her head again. In the dark, she could just make out further darkness on her hand. She was still bleeding. She got up and padded to the bathroom for a tissue. Holding it to her head, Meg looked around her apartment. On the far side of the bed a picture of two owls had fallen off the wall. Meg took a moment to re-hang it before picking up a perfume bottle that had fallen. She could feel the glass was cracked and wet so she took it with her to the living area, scent wafting behind her. If it was indeed damaged as badly as she feared, she would toss it in the kitchen trash, which was lined with a plastic bag that prevented spills.
Her living room was a small area that held her sofa, divided from the kitchen by a small breakfast bar. A large window, covered with a shade looked over the main road. Even through the shade, the light from the street let her examine the bottle more closely. The crack was large enough that the bottle couldn’t be saved. It went into the trash along with one of her mother’s glass canning jars that had been drying by the sink.
After turning on the light to make sure there wasn’t any glass on the floor, Meg wandered over to her computer. Online, she figured she would find news about the earthquake. 
The apartment was quiet, which was normal for the late hour. Or perhaps it was early, depending upon the point of view. Meg lived along Baseline, the main north to south street through Whisper. Her apartment was over her sister’s acupuncture business on the east side of the road. She peeked through her blinds as she waited for the computer to boot. Her private investigation business was located just across the street. It was convenient, but not nearly as desirable of a location. The original founding Whisper families, like the Barringers, preferred to be east of Baseline whenever possible. Despite the location, Meg’s father had picked up the building a few years ago. Meg often wondered if he wanted to have some commercial space he could rent to her cheaply. He’d purchased it just as she was about to graduate. 
Meg was able to get a connection to the Internet. It hadn’t consciously occurred to her that she might not get a connection. Still, when the browser opened, Meg felt grateful to know that Whisper wasn’t completely cut off. Searching around for news, she found an article about the earthquake. It registered at 4.6 on the Richter scale. It had been centered on the east edge of the valley. Looking at the coordinates, Meg realized she practically lived right over it. So much for a small quake, Meg thought, turning off the computer. Leaving the lights on, she started picking up other items.
While Meg wandered through her apartment, before heading back to bed, others in Whisper were cleaning wounds from falling glass, or in one case the over enthusiastic claws of a cat.  High on the mountain, Peter Eresh surveyed his domain, letting his senses reach out to feel what was happening. An earth spirit had awakened but it felt as if the spirit was being held against its will. Having never heard of such a thing, he was fairly confident that it had never happened before. That it happened now troubled him.

 
MEG

After returning the apartment to its usual haphazardly tidy state, Meg felt calm enough to go back to bed. Too soon she found herself waking to the same alarm clock. At least the second time it was to the noise of the alarm and not being hit on the head. Getting ready took longer than usual as she tried to hide the cut along her hairline. In the bright bathroom lights it looked worse than she thought. In the darkness last night she had stopped the bleeding thinking it was just a small cut. She could see the abrasion line now. Even after washing more of the dried blood away, the cut was longer than she expected, although clearly not deep. She doctored it up as best she could. Finishing, Meg went back to the bedroom to check her bedding. She pulled the sheet to the side to look at her pillow cases. The cream cotton blend was dotted with a splatter of smaller red dots and one larger one where she had probably rested a bit longer. Meg pulled the sheets from the bed and tossed them into the washer before leaving, wishing she had spent more time cleaning up the wound earlier. 
At the office, RaeLynn was already starting hot water for tea. Meg squeezed into the tiny back room to make herself her first cup. It was good to have someone like RaeLynn to pick up daily tasks like starting hot water. Meg could easily forget about them until a client waited and she found herself with nothing to offer. 
“Did you feel the earthquake?’ Meg asked.
“I slept right through it,” RaeLynn said, squeezing past Meg to return to her spot at the front desk. “I heard it was centered practically right here so I’m surprised.”
“My alarm clock fell on me otherwise I’d have slept through it too.”
RaeLynn poked her head around the corner and sized up Meg. “Is that a cut on your head?”
Meg nodded.
“Oh my goodness. Let me have a look.” RaeLynn joined her in the back room and started messing with Meg’s hair. The room wasn’t that large and the two of them took up most of the standing room. Meg was glad neither of them was built like a football player. RaeLynn often told her the area made her feel like a cow, although the receptionist had an average build, if a bit on the stocky side. If Meg didn’t tend toward skinniness she probably wouldn’t even consider the oher woman stocky. 
Meg had her back to the counter which held the coffee pot and storage for other items. Across the way were hooks for coats and a shelf above for personal items. RaeLynn squeezed into that area, while she tried turning Meg this way and that to get a better look. Behind them, in the corner, was a file cabinet for older files. 
Meg found herself wishing once again that they had a bit more space. When she started her private investigation business, she hadn’t had anyone else working there. The office was plenty big for one person. It was also very affordable. Now, as her business grew, Meg found herself wanting to expand the space. Unfortunately, the dental office on her right had a long lease. If anything, she suspected she might get notice from her dad so he could rent the small space to the dentist for more money. The dental practice had grown quite quickly in the last few years. 
“It doesn’t look too bad,” RaeLynn said, “But I’d put some more rubbing alcohol on it. I don’t have any with me, but it seems like it could use further cleaning as it goes into your hair. You’re not going to enjoy washing your hair for awhile, that’s for sure.”
“I’m also going to have fun doing the laundry,” Meg said. She used her hands to fluff her shoulder-length brown hair, which was loose for the moment. The narrow light left it a flat brown, but in sunlight it picked up orangish and yellow highlights like autumn leaves lying on damp earth.
“I hear head wounds bleed a lot.”  RaeLynn handed Meg a hair clip from the shelf above the coat hooks.
Meg sighed. “Anything coming in?”
“I put a couple of messages on your desk. One’s from Evans, Priory and DeCaire,” RaeLynn said, referring to the attorney’s office that Meg often did fact checking for. Their work may not be exciting but it was always steady. RaeLynn was a friend of Jessica, the receptionist, and of course, Meg’s partner Kyle was related to Christopher DeCaire. No matter how routine the information check, Meg liked to make sure she got to it first. They definitely helped keep the business in the black. 
Truth be told, Meg didn’t mind the routine investigations. She liked the predictability. Kyle liked cases that were far more unusual. He was the one who pushed that their offices were “open minded” and that they took cases no one else wanted to touch. As a result, he and Meg had investigated (successfully) three haunted houses, a missing broach that was supposed to be cursed, and a small time thief who hid art in his barn. Meg didn’t mind the hauntings and curses so much as the common excited disbelief that people tended to exhibit around those things. Meg just figured she went where her own deductions led her. Clients, however, often expected her to have an explanation for everything, which, in the cases involving the paranormal wasn’t something she could give.
 As a resident of Whisper, Meg found herself surrounded by people involved with psychics and those who loved all things paranormal, although thankfully, the vampire groupies congregated elsewhere. At one time, Whisper had been a fairly ordinary small town on the eastern ridge of the Snoqualmie Valley. As interest in New Age practices expanded, those seeking good energy found Whisper on their radar. Such shops and practices expanded in the small town, making it a go-to destination for anyone with an interest in anything spiritual. The main street housed Meg’s sister Amy, an acupuncturist, who had the office below Meg’s apartment. There was also a palm reader, a yoga studio that doubled as a meditation center on alternate days, an organic coffee shop, an organic cafe, two new age bookstores (one specializing in Wicca and the other in eastern philosophy), and a feng shui specialist. They also had the more usual and mundane craft shop, accounting firm, dentist, attorneys, and gas station. Up the hill there were a few quilt shops along with three astrologers, a numerologist, a homeopathic veterinarian, four psychic readers, two tarot card readers, a shamanic healer with her own store, an herbal shop, a natural food store, and a church. The church was an ordinary Unitarian Church. Another denomination would probably have been scared off by the pagans, shamans, and what not.
Down the hill, in what locals called New Whisper, there was a larger church dedicated to all things spiritual. New Whisper residents had their choice of vegetarian restaurants, a live food restaurant, and a traditional foods bakery. They had a locally famous animal communicator. The medical arts building was full of body workers and energy healers. Given that sort of environment, Meg tended to fight to get the ordinary investigations.
Meg herself never understood the fascination with the whole psychic thing. She did have a talent for knowing if people were lying, although she wasn’t talented like others in her family. Amy could heal. Her grandmother was the psychic other psychics consulted. Even Kyle, her partner, had more talent than she did. Kyle’s talent made Meg jealous sometimes, which may be at the root of her lack of enthusiasm for the supernatural. Working cases where Kyle took the lead, getting information through his unusual ability meant Meg had to remind herself a private detective needed more than psychic ability. She had a keen mind along with patience that could more aptly be called stubbornness. When she got an idea, her friend Lacey would tease her about her Napoleon complex. Meg’s drive let nothing stand in her way.
Meg’s business had done well from the start. She did a lot of background checks, of course. She verified information for employers, attorneys, and sometimes insurance companies. She was frequently able to find stolen property when the police were certain it was lost for good. She reunited family members, and sometimes she even helped find lost animals. Meg didn’t mind small cases, especially local ones. Very often those people made the best referrals. 
Kyle graduated in criminology a few years after Meg opened her own business. He wanted to come work for her. The local police weren’t hiring. Like many Old Family members, Kyle was hesitant to work outside of Whisper. 
In a short time, Kyle managed to persuade Meg that he was an asset. He set about updating her computer system before hiring RaeLynn, all with Meg’s blessing, of course. RaeLynn’s job was to keep the computer system and website up-to-date as well as work the front office and answer phones. Financially they were doing okay. The website brought in a fair amount of new business. It discreetly spelled out that they specialized in cases other investigators laughed at.
Meg may have preferred the ordinary cases, but the unusual cases really did break the monotony. Meg herself could tell if the potential client was trying to scam her or wanted to believe in something that wasn’t true. She also knew when an odd concern was justified. She had a reputation for not laughing at anything, especially in a community that tended to look beyond the ordinary. 
Sipping her tea, Meg walked into her office. There was one office which had originally been large enough for her desk and a guest table. When she’d taken Kyle on, she’d had to decide between having a place for clients to sit or another desk. Kyle’s desk won. Now there were two desks plus a few chairs. RaeLynn did her best not to schedule group meetings at the office. When those came up, they were often related to work from the attorneys. They liked meeting in their own conference rooms anyway. 
Meg often thought longingly of the new building being built just up the hill in old Whisper. Commercial space in old Whisper was at a premium. Many of the small shops devoted to psychics and tarot card readers changed hands often, but the larger spaces devoted to necessary community needs, like doctors and dentists, tended to have long leases, which were renewed as soon as they were due. Meg’s father, a real estate contractor and landlord, could attest to that.  Meg knew she’d been lucky to find the space she had. She hoped that when this new building started renting, the rates would be in her price range so she could at least get Kyle his own office or maybe have a conference room. 
Meg sat down with her tea and looked over the papers RaeLynn left for her. The top piece was the daily aging reports. Meg was pleased that she had few outstanding accounts. The next page was a summary of the inquiries that had come in from the website. Meg found it far more interesting. She looked over the recommendations RaeLynn made next to each one. One of these days, she’d let her office manager use her own judgment. Meg usually followed her recommendations. There were two inquiries. RaeLynn didn’t think either of them would be very lucrative. One was a missing ring. The other was a standard divorce. The divorce research was local but looked straight forward. It probably wouldn’t generate many hours. Meg would have RaeLynn follow up on that to see where the referral came from. If it was a good source, they’d take the case, otherwise they’d pass. The ring case was across the country. Meg couldn’t see anything that would require her services so she pushed that aside also. 
There was the phone message from Evans, Priory and Decaire that RaeLynn told her about. They needed some fact checking on a case. Meg set that aside. It was something she could do quickly on her computer. If she needed to, she’d follow up further. There was also a background check from a tech company over in Bothell. Meg had worked with them before. She made a note on that to have RaeLynn call them for more information. Their request was pretty broad. She wanted to verify exactly what they needed before she billed for time.
Finishing her tea, Meg heard the front door open. Kyle always came through the front, usually carrying coffee and chai from the coffee shop a few doors down.
“Thank you,” Meg heard RaeLynn say. She started to get up but before she finished, Kyle came into the office with her grande chai. He held it out to her. In his other hand he carried his own coffee concoction. He was a great believer in different drinks on different days, so who knew what he had. It was larger than a plain coffee so it was something fancy. 
“Thank you,” Meg repeated. She set aside her regular tea to take a sip of the sweeter, creamier fancy drink. Kyle nodded as he closed the door.
Meg raised her eyebrows.
“I heard from Sheri last night,” Kyle said.
Meg held back the smile. Probably everyone in Old Whisper knew that Sheri was doing her best to win Kyle’s affections, except perhaps Kyle. He was pretty oblivious where women were concerned. Sheri was from an Old Whisper family. You’d think she’d know better, but some time about six months ago, she’d decided Kyle was the guy she had to have. No accounting for taste as far as Meg was concerned. Kyle was a nice guy, but Meg didn’t see him settling down any time soon. 
“And?” Meg asked.
“Sheriff got called out last night. Apparently some guy found his wife dead in the driveway of their home on the north side of town. Sheri got called in to help with the investigation. They found the woman a couple of hours after the earthquake hit. Sheri thinks it’s related to the earthquake, although she agrees with the sheriff department findings that it wasn’t a natural death.”
“Someone use the earthquake to cover up a murder?’
“The murder, if that’s what it was, was odd. No marks on the body. Sheri said they found some dirt around the mouth and in the mouth but they aren’t sure how it got there,” Kyle said.
“Interesting,” Meg responded. 
“Sheri doesn’t like it. Thinks we should look into what’s going on because the direction she thinks this case needs to go isn’t the direction the police are likely to follow.”
“She thinks there’s something hinky,” Meg said.
Kyle nodded. “Hinky?”
Meg shrugged. “Old movies.”
“Whatever,” Kyle responded. “She said it’s not ordinary.”
“Much more interesting than what I’ve got. You want to go to the neighborhood and see if anyone saw anything?”
“Human or animal?” Kyle asked.
“The police probably won’t appreciate you talking with human witnesses. Besides, we can get that information from Sheri. Use your Dr. Doolittle thing to have a chat with the neighborhood pets. Find out what they know.“
“They’ll be pretty freaked about the earthquake. Did you feel it last night?” Kyle asked.
“Did you see my head?” Meg asked, pushing her hair aside and pointing to her scalp. “The alarm clock got me first thing. I think it fell off the table. It hit me just wrong. It wasn’t even during the big jolt. It happened just before that. I think by the time everything jolted around I was trying to brush away blood.”
“Poor you,” Kyle said. “I’ll take off and do my interviews.”
Meg nodded as he opened the door.
“What do you need to tell me to do?” RaeLynn called.
“Body over in the new subdivision on the north side. Can you find anything out?”
“I’m on it,” RaeLynn said. “I take it it wasn’t an accidental death related to the earthquake?”
“No. It’s weird. Sheri thinks it might be up our alley,” Meg told her.
“Got it,” RaeLynn said. RaeLynn’s talent lay in her unflappability. Meg was certain that if aliens landed in Whisper, RaeLynn would offer them tea and ask what they could do for them. The younger woman was originally from the southeast but had followed a boyfriend to the northwest. Meg asked her once why she talked so much like a native. RaeLynn just smiled like a smug cat and suggested Meg visit the city of her birth, where some accents were so deeply old south you could hardly understand them while others were as clipped as a New Englander. A series of administrative jobs had landed her in east King County where she’d seen Kyle’s advertisement for an office administrator. Not only did RaeLynn have a talent for computers, Meg had yet to see her surprised. 
Kyle had said hire her. Meg didn’t have a good reason not to. As it turned out, RaeLynn was a gift. No matter what happened, RaeLynn took it in stride. Old Whisper families may come to Meg with strange sounding requests that Meg and Kyle honored. No matter how odd the request they gave RaeLynn, she’d merely raise an eyebrow. If no explanation was forthcoming she got on her task without another word. Meg often wondered if RaeLynn had her own psychic talents. It didn’t seem to be the case though.
Emma insisted that RaeLynn knew more than she let on but wasn’t sure how to broach the subject. Neither Meg nor Kyle was certain how to talk to her about it either. One day, Meg figured, the discussion would be forced. Until then, the status quo seemed to work.
“Can you check and be sure that’s the only death that happened last night?”
“How far out?”
“Check in Whisper, Carnation, Duvall, and the local unincorporated King County. There may be a connection to the earthquake. Kyle says it seems to be a homicide. Let’s make sure there’s not something else going on too. I want to know if there was anything odd about the earthquake,” Meg said.
“Something odd in Whisper?  Who’da thunk?” RaeLynn said, turning to her computer shaking her head. Her blunt-cut dyed black locks shook back and forth along with her blue and green beaded earrings. 
Meg slipped back into her office. Kyle hadn’t given her a name but RaeLynn would come up with that in awhile. Meg would pass the time getting started on the fact checking for the attorneys. As information came in, a homicide could be time intensive. Meg didn’t want to get behind on a regular client. 
After the chai was long gone, Meg got up and walked out to the main office. 
“A woman named Elaine Whitcomb was found dead about 3 a.m.,” RaeLynn told her. “She’s the only one showing up anywhere. Her nearest living relative is her husband Michael. He’s the one who found her.”
“Suspect?”
“Doesn’t say specifically. Don’t they always suspect the husband though? She was out with friends until after midnight, at which point they all walked to their cars. Apparently she made it home. Her husband had been at a bar in Whisper but was out later than she was. He found her when he got home. I don’t have much more than that,” RaeLynn said. “I’m not a crime show computer hacker than can punch in a name and get you everything known about the victim in five minutes.”
Meg grinned. “You do fine. I think you could take them on if you had to.”
“Yeah, right. I’m stuck within the laws of physics even if I do live in a place where nothing is quite as it seems. “ RaeLynn flashed her trademark grin.  “I’m checking Michael to see what’s going on with him but it will take me awhile. Lots of stuff is a repeat but a lot is financial information, which is slow going. I gossiped with Brenda at the police station a little. Doesn’t sound like the sheriffs have anything.”
“Why the sheriffs?” Meg asked.
“They were called in because we don’t have the manpower to take on a homicide, especially when there was some damage around the city. Whisper’s force is pretty small.”
“We have a whopping three people and Brenda,” Meg said. “It probably is too small when a real crime happens.”
“Probably. Brenda said they can handle a routine homicide but no one is calling this routine. They don’t really have a cut-and-dried suspect other than the husband. His story seems plausible. Besides, the death is so weird. Sheri didn’t field the initial call. Wade did. Wade called the Chief. The Chief called the Sheriff. It wasn’t until early this morning when Sheri got pulled in for some canvassing that she got one of her hunches. That’s when she called Kyle. Brenda didn’t know that part. That was me,” RaeLynn added quickly.
Meg nodded. “Now that she’s talked to you, I’m sure she’ll figure that part out soon enough.” Meg smiled. She wasn’t the only one who knew that Sheri had a thing for Kyle. Come to think of it, Brenda was Old Whisper and her talent tended to be in matching people up, both for business and pleasure. She could easily have put a bug in Sheri’s ear that Kyle would make a good match. Who knew?


RAIN

“Are you awake?” Zari A, my cat who was not quite a cat, purred in my mind. Yes, Zari A, my cat who is not really a cat, is telepathic. She’s really an alien being. Apparently all the paranoid folk are right and they really are watching us. They have, in fact, sent their scouts down to study us. Us, of course, meaning all the sentient beings who might be “in charge” so to speak. Zari A became a cat. While she’s disappointed to not be the one who gets the honor of primary contact, personally, I’m not at all certain she shouldn’t be. 
Cat lovers know what I mean. I found her outside one rainy night. She gave me the most pitiful meow, so what could I do? Adopting her, I found she was a ruddy Abyssinian. When I looked into her eyes, I saw the slanted eyes of an alien. Little did I know she really was one. I gradually realized that thinking my cat was talking to me was not just part of becoming a crazy cat lady. It actually was my cat, who is not really a cat, talking to me. Telepathically. And she’s smarter than I am.
Zari A is the reason I’m in Whisper. I might have found it on my own. It’s a nice little town, just outside a big city. It’s small enough to keep track of people coming and going but growing enough on the outskirts of Seattle’s King County that I didn’t have to worry about standing out. While Zari A can do a lot of things for me, she hasn’t been able to get rid of the guy who won’t take no for an answer.
“And if I say no?” I thought back at her, in response to her question about whether I was awake. I rolled over and looked at the clock. It was earlier than I expected. Zari wasted no time telling me about the earthquake of the night before. I was surprised to have slept through it. I’d lived in California for about a year before moving here so I’d felt a small earthquake before this. I thought I’d have woken up. 
“Then I believe you are not quite being truthful,” Zari A said. She head butted me in the shoulder. “It is late.”
“It is so not late,” I protested. “Besides, can’t you find Peter and get him to feed you?”
Peter was our landlord, sort of. It’s complicated. Suffice to say that Peter is someone that Zari A can talk to and he doesn’t get tired of her constant questions and chatter. From my perspective, he’s sexy as hell, but he comes with some interesting baggage. 
“I am yours,” Zari A pouted. Then she head butted me again. I rolled over and got up. I needed to get dressed. I had a meeting that I really wasn’t thrilled about having. Shortly after I came to Whisper, Peter realized I was looking into purchasing a commercial building, or else some land to build on. He sent me to a contractor named David Barringer, who’s apparently the man to talk to about building in Whisper. Barringer is known as a man who has an eye for land that will turn a profit. He had a piece of land in Whisper that was sitting there, waiting for the right project. In short order he decided my project was the right one.
Barringer is a nice man, happily married with two grown daughters close to my age. He wasn’t who my upcoming meeting was with. The meeting was with the real estate agent who would be listing the offices in the building. My problem was that I hadn’t worked out what space I would need for my own interests and wasn’t likely to know for a few more months. 
I’ve been thinking about creating a security firm. You know, the sort that does Internet security, investigations, security consultations. In addition, for those in the know, we’d help abused women disappear. Shelters are great. They do a lot of good work. Sometimes it’s not quite enough. We need places where women who are really scared can find ways to disappear. They need contacts they can trust to get new id. They need people to help them lay false trails. I want to be the one to help them do that. I’ve been there. I know how it goes.
Whisper is kind of an out of the way place to do this, but I have a vision. The one thing hampering my vision is that this town already has a private investigation firm, called Barringer and Associates. As far as everyone in town is concerned, they only need one. That one. Which means I have to find a way to meet David Barringer’s older daughter Megan, who Peter says, goes by Meg. Then I need to charm or coerce her into working with me and my vision.
I have an in though. Both David and Peter have assured me that Meg needs more space in her office. It just so happens that office space isn’t easy to come by in Whisper, especially the part locals call Old Whisper. Meg will want to talk to me.
 I’ve also met her sister Amy. Not on purpose. I’m not stalking the woman. It’s just that I like getting acupuncture to help me relax—having your own stalker makes it hard to do that sometimes. Amy happens to do acupuncture. It bodes well that Amy and I like each other. I can only hope the same is true of Meg.
I finished combing my hair, now colored deep espresso brown, after having been red in California and a slightly lighter brown with blonde highlights when I wasn’t on the run. After pulling on a hip-hugging skirt that flared near the hem and a body-hugging pullover, I padded barefoot out to the kitchen. I dug through the refrigerator for some fruit and milk, which I pulled out for breakfast for myself.
Zari A stopped speaking to me telepathically and started meowing like a real cat. This meant she was really hungry. If I didn’t feed her soon she was likely to fall over on her side in a hunger faint. I set aside my food to offer her some deli turkey. Zari will eat cat food, but prefers people food. She assures me that since she is not really a cat it won’t harm her. I can only hope she’s right. 
I pushed myself up on the barstools in the kitchen and started to eat the fresh berries I found in the refrigerator. Peter periodically brought them back from wherever he disappeared to. He told me anything in the fridge was mine to eat. I took him at his word.
Zari A finished her meal and was washing her face when Peter came in through the back door. It was unusual to see him early in the morning. He wasn’t wearing his usual jeans and button down shirt, sleeves rolled up to the elbows. Instead he had on a plain white t-shirt and sweats. He was also barefoot, something else unusual.
I couldn’t not check out the line of his sweats as he turned to close the door. The dark blue fabric hung low around his hips and outlined his well-muscled body before falling loosely around the lower leg. The t-shirt, too, was snug along the lines of his torso, leaving a light line of olive-toned skin between the t-shirt and sweats. The promise in that glimpse of flesh made me want to see more. I’d succumbed to that temptation, once. It wouldn’t happen again.
 As Peter looked up at me, his dark eyes met mine with a wicked twinkle. I had no doubt the outfit was for my benefit. I had been giving him fashion advice the evening before. I may have said something about finding clothing that set off his body to its best advantage. Unlike most men, Peter listens. 
“You’re still around,” I said.
“I am always around,” Peter corrected coming up to the kitchen island. He smelled the juice I had left out, but didn’t move to get a glass. “I take it the earthquake last night was not too disturbing?”
“I slept right through it.”
He nodded absently. “I checked in on you and saw that. It’s unusual to feel an earthquake here.”
“I would have been fine even I woke up. I lived in California for awhile,” I responded.
Peter grinned, eyelids lowering slightly. 
“I have to go meet the realtor this morning, again. She’s got so darned many questions that I haven’t even thought of. Then I’m meeting Joe Running about the website. I’m sure he’ll have more questions I don’t have answers to yet. At least he gets that this is a process.”
“Have you even met Meg yet?” Peter asked.
I shook my head. “I keep getting sidetracked when I mean to get by her office.”
“I think you’ll like her. You met Emma the day she came by,” he paused, as if reflecting that wasn’t the best way to introduce Meg to me. Emma had been interesting. She was Meg’s grandmother from what I could gather. She came by Peter’s garden frequently. She said it was to tend things. Peter said she came to talk. I suppose it might be a little of both. Peter’s idea of a garden is a little more au natural than most people like. If Emma weren’t around it might be difficult to tell the wanted plants from the weeds.
At any rate, Emma is one intimidating lady. I’m not sure if she liked me, although Peter assured me she liked me as much as she liked anyone.
 “Emma would be happiest running a large country as queen,” Peter told me after the first time I met her. It was certainly the impression I got. Even Peter seemed to indulge her a little as she ordered him around. I admit, that was rather fun. While I do not think of myself as intimidated by Peter, he is not someone I could envision ordering around.
“Meg’s stubborn like Emma. She’s also not afraid to work hard for what she wants. If Emma would be happy ruling as queen, Meg would be the one happiest doing the work to get there. Just don’t lie to her,” Peter said.
“Why not?” I asked, not that I was planning to lie to anyone but it was an interesting thing to say. I have found that asking Peter about his offhand comments can lead to a lot of insight. 
“Meg knows when people are lying,” Peter said. “It’s her talent.”
Most people in Whisper had something Peter called a talent. He’d referred to David’s talent as having a nose for real estate. I found a developer/contractor who knows every piece of land in the area. Amy had a talent for healing. She did more with fewer needles than any other acupuncturist I had ever seen. Allison, who ran the diner, had a talent for cooking. I wouldn’t argue there. Now Meg apparently knew when folks were lying. Good to know.
“And anything else I should know?” I asked.
Peter shrugged. 
“Anything else you will share?” I tried this time. Sometimes it was all about the wording. Likely there were things I didn’t need to know but that Peter would share. Asking if I should know something implied the information would make a difference. Peter could be frustratingly literal in his interpretation of language. 
He hesitated before finally saying, “Meg hasn’t really talked to me in many years. I’ve never quite understood why.”
Now I could totally see him scaring off a young girl with his flirting, but the image I had of the woman described to me was that she’d have told him to take a flying leap and enjoy doing so. But what did I know? 
“You’ll be okay Zari?” I asked, as I slid off the stool to put the dish in the sink. I ran water in it. I wasn’t worried about leaving it dirty. Peter was rarely inside. In fact, most of the furniture was mine because he didn’t have much and what he did have was old. Even the dishes were mine.


MEG

“Hey Lacey.” Meg set down her tea when her cell phone rang for the second time. Earlier, she’d had a mercifully quick conversation with her mother about the earthquake. Meg often wondered why her mother, whose own mother knew the future, tended to worry about her daughters.
“Hey Megan Meg, how are you?” Lacey’s voice sing-songed its way across the phone signals, using both Meg’s full name of Megan and the shortened form she went by. It had started in grade school when the substitutes would all call out Megan Barringer and Meg would automatically reply “Meg.” A few of the regular substitutes would remember, but only after they called her full name. They’d pause momentarily after saying Megan and then add in Meg before saying Barringer. Lacey and Meg had found that hilarious. It became Lacey’s pet name for her.
“Good, just working. What’s going on with you?”
“Nearly ready for the market tomorrow,” Lacey said. Meg could hear her running water in the kitchen. The other woman was probably making something fantastic for lunch or maybe even starting something to simmer for dinner. 
“Anything I should know about?” Meg asked. “I mean, something even I could cook and not ruin?”
“Is there such a thing?” 
“Probably not,” Meg hit a few keys on her computer to log out of the paid information program she was logged into. “So midday and nothing is happening?”
“Oh, just out of sorts after the earthquake.”
“I get that,” Meg absently closed out the file she had saved, then started to open it again. “I probably would have slept through it but my alarm clock hit me on the head.”
“Signore managed to leap on me and wake me up. I’m surprised because he normally isn’t phased by anything,” Lacey said referring to her oversized male gray tabby cat.
“He is more of a lump, isn’t he?” Meg was quite fond of Lacey’s cat. He was generally quite well-mannered in the way some cats are when they clearly feel they have their humans trained. He followed Lacey and Meg around the farm, afraid of nothing. Once a stray dog had come bounding out of the brush and rather than running, Signore had stood his ground, just a little behind Lacey, back arched. Meg was never certain if that was a factor of trust in her friend of if the cat thought he stood a chance against the dog. At any rate, Lacey had chased it off and the three of them had continued their walk.
“Of course now I’m all scratched up,” Lacey continued. “And he drew blood so I’ve got these bandages all along my upper arm. Fortunately it won’t be hot for the next few markets.”
“That’s good.” Meg found herself fingering the cut along her hairline. “The clock hit me on the head and now I have a cut along my hairline. At least you can bandage up.”
“You cut yourself on a clock?” Lacey sounded like she was trying not to laugh. Meg imagined her friend in the kitchen, drying her hands, shaking her head. When she finished, Meg knew she’d run a hand through her short dishwater blonde hair and rolled her eyes.
“Yeah, can you believe it?”
“Well, remember, your Gram told you to move that table away from your bed!” The other woman was laughing now. Meg’s grandmother was noted for her ability to foretell the future. If she said something to someone, they ought to take her advice. Meg was notorious for ignoring it and paying the price later.
“You’d think I’d have listened, although I seem to remember you helping me move the table.”
“It was to distract you from that guy you sort of liked, what was his name? Jeff?”
“Jason,” Meg said, sighing. That was an ill-fated relationship if there ever was one. Two people couldn’t be less alike. Jason preferred loud music to quiet hiking. If it wasn’t scientifically provable, he wasn’t interested. He worked as a stockbroker, offering financial advice that Meg’s father told her to ignore because it wasn’t sound. Meg, an aficionado of honesty, felt he was lying just a little every time he worked with people. For his part, Jason hadn’t appreciated Whisper at all. While there’d been a definite physical attraction, it hadn’t lasted more than a month. It was Meg’s one foray into her sister’s realm of unabashed and unashamed passion. Normally her relationships all started with friendship, gradually moving onto something more akin to friends-with-benefits than romance, although those relationships were often quite long-standing. 
“So did helping you move the table get that relationship out of your blood or was it the clock hitting you on the head? No! Don’t tell me! You want to get back together with him?”
“Yeah, after nearly a year,” Meg found herself laughing.
“You never know.”
Meg heard the door open in front and RaeLynn give the greeting she reserved for Kyle.
“Hey, we’ve got a big case we’re probably helping out on here,” Meg said.
“The woman killed in New Whisper?” Lacey asked.
“How’d you know?”
“One of my cousins came by to help out about an hour ago. I guess everyone is talking about it at the Cuppa.”
“Of course. But yeah, Sheri thinks it’s a little odd so she wants us to look into it.”
“It wasn’t the earthquake was it?”
“I can’t see how it would be, but you never know.”
“And if it was the earthquake, who better to talk to than Peter?” Lacey said with a definite suggestive tone in her voice.
“There better not be anyone around when you say things like that,” Meg responded, almost automatically. Lacey and Amy were the two people who knew about her longtime crush on Peter Eresh. Peter lived up towards the top of Whisper Mountain, alone as far as anyone knew. The rest of the old families followed his lead when something came up. If Peter asked for something, he got it. Meg had heard rumors that he’d had short term affairs with any number of women in the old families, but she wasn’t one of them, even though she was certain no one found him quite as attractive as she did, at least not once they graduated high school. Peter was Whisper’s version of a superstar, although he wasn’t exactly tall and the planes of his face too hard and too angled to be called really handsome.
“I’d never give away your secret,” Lacey said. “Call me when you’re ready for dinner. I’ll need a break. And if you do have to talk to Peter, I want all the details.”
“I’ll let you know.”
“And if you talk to Peter, don’t just talk!”
Meg rang off, laughing a little as Kyle walked through the door.
“That was fast,” Meg said as he sat down at his desk after closing the door.
Kyle nodded. “Neighbor’s cat was out that night for awhile. Fortunately for it, they have a cat door which it escaped through.”
“And?” Meg asked.
“The cat describes a shadow-type thing wandering around. The cat said it smelled like freshly turned earth.”
“What is this, a ghost or shade?” Meg asked, incredulous. She’d seen a lot but interactive ghosts were almost unheard of outside of a filmmaker’s imagination.
Kyle shook his head. “No. The cat said it was sentient. It also said the shadow was alive but not alive.”
“Twilight comes to Whisper?” Meg grinned, referring to the famous vampire book series.
“It wasn’t undead,” Kyle said. “It was natural, like the land. That’s about all I got out of the cat. I also found one of those yappy little dogs in a yard but it was completely freaked out. Of course, dogs like that tend to be freaked out by life in general but this one acted like it had had fifteen espressos. It talked a lot but I can’t for the life of me find any logic to it. I hope its owners are patient, but I doubt it because it was outside again today.”
Meg grinned. 
“Anyway, the next block over I met a yellow lab. He’s older and calls himself Roan. He was kind of freaked out last night but he said he felt he could stand against what came. He thinks it was the earth rising up. He described it as ‘the earth awakening.’ Whatever this is wasn’t angry at first but something happened that made it mad. Roan said the shadow was sent to kill. It didn’t like being ordered about. The orders made it even angrier. Roan seems unsure whether to be sad about the woman who was killed or worried for the person who made it kill.”
“How very generous of him,” Meg said drily. 
“He’s a very wise dog,” Kyle said. “I’d go back to walking around there to have chats with him any time.”
“Do you get the impression he’s describing an earth spirit?” It wasn’t as big a leap for Meg to make as it would be for most people. Whisper Mountain has its own resident earth spirit, awake and aware on the mountain. Rumor had it that it was living on the mountain, in a proximity close enough to allow the old family talents to manifest. While no one had any proof, Peter said it was so, so no one questioned the idea.
“That’s the impression I get. The pets all felt something big and powerful. The scent of freshly turned earth came up twice. I didn’t come straight back but walked around a little more. Talked to a couple more dogs. One said a lot of the cats they know are in hiding, either inside or left the area. The dogs would like to have left too, but they’re limited by fences in a way cats aren’t. None of the animals wanted anything to do with our intruder. The dogs think the missing cats are particularly worried about the anger. There wasn’t really a good area to go hunting for wildlife, but I didn’t even sense any sign of squirrels and what not, which is really unusual too.”
“How far from Old Whisper was this?” Meg asked.
“In Echo Heights, which is at the edge of New Whisper. The Whitcombs had one of the big Craftsman houses that sit on the eastern edge of the subdivision. They have a lot of land to look out at even if they don’t have much to care for. The area curving around beside and behind them is too steep to do anything but let it grow wild. My sister’s house is like that.”
“Nice area,” Meg said, “but well outside the mountain proper. Good views.”
“Their house sits next to the slope like I said, so they don’t have a view. Of course they don’t look into their neighbor’s bathroom either. It’s probably real nice.”
Meg nodded. “So this house was about looks rather than the real thing. It goes with what I found out about Elaine. I think she liked how things looked.”
“How’d they get out here?”
“I suspect it was cost. Her husband works on the east side. So far as I can tell, he always has. In fact, his last job was out of Woodinville. His current one is in Redmond. Anything else in the area was probably pretty spendy, although when he worked in Woodinville they could have custom-built in Monroe even less expensively than here.”
“Echo Heights is big but the builder is just a regular subdivision builder. It’s not exactly a high-end custom home.”
Meg nodded. “Again, it’s about the look not the quality.”
Kyle shrugged thinking about it. 
“Do you suppose she pissed someone off because all her assets were fake?” Meg asked.
“Could the husband have done it?”
“RaeLynn is checking into him. Of course, if it is an earth spirit, would he know how to wake one? I think we’re better off focusing on who could do something like that.”
“Besides Peter you mean?” Kyle asked.
“Peter wouldn’t send a spirit off to hunt someone,” Meg said.
Kyle shrugged. “No, but he’d know how to find and call one. Maybe I should go talk to him?”
“I can do it,” Meg said, hoping she didn’t sound too eager. That was the second time someone mentioned talking to Peter about the case. Now there actually seemed to be a real reason to speak with him. A knot formed in Meg’s stomach, a combination of  anxiety, excitement, and fear. Emma was always warning Meg away from Peter, one of the reasons Meg guarded her secret crush so tightly. Her grandmother was a very accurate psychic. Of course, Emma never warned anyone else away from Peter, at least not that Meg knew of. Meg swallowed a sigh.
Kyle was oblivious to her internal struggle. He shrugged. “I’ll get on the computer and see what I can dig up.”
“I sent you some notes,” Meg said. “I’m really curious about why Michael left his last job and took a new job at lower pay. RaeLynn will probably have something on that but it’s something to keep in mind.”
Kyle nodded. “What about talking to Angela?”
“Hmm?” Meg asked.
“Angela Light. Peter may know all about elementals but Angela’s more likely to know who could do something like that or at least where to look for someone who could.”
Meg nodded. “I like that. We’ll get farther with Angela than with Peter. I’ll start with her. Oh and you know what? Mary Margaret of the First Church of the Sacred Light might know something too,” Meg grinned wickedly. “Want to interview her?”
Kyle’s eyes got big and he made a face. Angela was known around Whisper. She had a good reputation for honesty and a down-to-earth compassion that resonated with people. Mary Margaret was equally well-known. Her reputation was less than stunning. Her personality ran to the flaky stereotype of “new age.” She ran the large alternative church down in New Whisper. It was mostly harmless but the congregation, if you could call it that, was large enough that there were some people in the church who had pretty shady dealings. The Old Whisper Families steered clear of the place.
“You get Angela and Peter and I get Mary Margaret. Lucky me,” Kyle muttered. “I’ll do some computer work and get on it.”


RAIN

I dashed out to the car almost immediately after putting away my dish. It’s not that I was late, but I never really felt at home in the house. It’s a great house, don’t get me wrong. It’s a little too “cabin in the woods” for me, with everything old, dark, and slightly dusty. I shouldn’t have been surprised, given what I knew of Peter. No matter what I expected, the house took some getting used to.
I’m a modern girl. I love light, bright spaces that compel you to curl up inside, where you can enjoy the outside from the clean, comfortable, temperature perfect, dry inside. Peter’s home was not that. When I suggested more windows, he did like that idea. 
I drove down the road slowly. I had plenty of time to get some coffee before meeting the realtor in her office down in New Whisper. Peter had explained the nomenclature of the town. I knew I was going outside the boundaries of the area the Old Families called Whisper proper. That area was protected by an earth spirit. 
Peter explained to me that all places were protected by earth spirits or earth elementals, although he said spirits was a more accurate term, unless talking about elemental spirits in general. Very few earth spirits remained awake. There were a number of reasons for this. As humans expanded across the globe, the diverse creatures of the world were often crowded out. At the same time, humans started learning to distance themselves from nature, no longer revering the spirits. The combination meant there was little use for the gifts of the nature spirits. 
“If no one is around to pay attention, it’s rather dull to hang out. Better to go to sleep, don’t you think?” Peter had mused. 
When I asked why some would remain awake, Peter said the gods themselves may have taken volunteers. They would keep an eye on their areas of the world. When they felt the others were needed, the sleeping spirits would reawaken.
What, I wondered would awaken them? It was a more pleasant and interesting subject than that of Carolyn, my realtor. She was someone I met when I was moving to Whisper. David had had another recommendation, frowning when I mentioned Carolyn’s name. I should have listened to a man who knew about real estate. Still, as always, I was determined to keep my independence. Little did I know, David frowned with good reason. I’d been fighting the woman about how I wanted things listed from day one. If there weren’t a contract, I’d have let her go by now. I certainly wasn’t renewing with her when the six months were up.
 I was about three minutes early to my appointment but Carolyn Teller was ready for me. I was quickly ushered back to her office.
“We need to get those offices listed,” she said before she was even seated. 
“I’m just not sure what the hurry is.” I didn’t bother to take off my coat as I sat down.
“We’re not exactly in Seattle here, Rain,” Carolyn explained patiently. “It’s going to take some time for people to find you. We need them to know you have office space available. You’ve gotten me square footage on the first floor and the mezzanine. What about the third floor? I know you want some space for a little office. We can maybe cut the space in half and advertise that square footage.”
“I need to wait on the third floor. I have a lead on someone I might want to share office space with. They’ll have first dibs on anything up there. I can advertise three parcels or more on the first floor and then up to eight small offices on the mezzanine. We’re zoned for commercial and medical, which is something I made sure of before we built.”
Carolyn was nodding marking things down. “The third floor,” she pushed.
“I need some time to work that out. I have someone in mind.”
“You really ought to let me talk to them,” Carolyn said. I knew she was worried about her commission.
“Look,” I said, “I didn’t need to come down here for this. We could have done this by phone. What was so important I had to come down here?”
“I have an offer for your building.”
I sat up a little straighter. “I’m not selling the building.” I had to wonder if this was why she was so eager to get the offices rented, even before they were built. More rental agreements could mean a larger offer. If I took it, which I had no plans to do, it would mean a larger commission. It might also mean she’d keep her position as rental agent.
“I know you don’t want to but this came in cold.” Carolyn was smiling, pleased with herself. I knew she was thinking about the commission.
“I don’t care. I’m not selling the building.”
“This is a really good offer.” Carolyn was still smiling as she brought out the contract, holding it like a prize. “It’s about twenty percent over what you would expect to get if the building were finished and they’ll take over the building for you. I can’t imagine where you’d find a better deal.”
“Except of course that I plan to use the building myself, which is why we’re having the discussion about renting the offices, right?” I was shaking my head. 
“Oh I know. Still, you have to stop and think about this for a moment.”
“No, actually I don’t. Do I need to sign anything to reject the offer out of hand or what?”
Carolyn sighed. “I was afraid you’d say that. In fact I told Tom, that’s the lovely man who put in the offer, that you probably would.”
Ice formed across my body. I hoped I didn’t start to shake. Tom? It couldn’t be Tom Kane? If so, how had he found me so quickly?
 “Tom?” I tried to keep my voice steady.
“Tom Kane. He’s one of the old families, the Meiers, I think. He’s always had cousins on the mountain so he’s hoping to settle in back here. He runs his own business, some sort of consulting. He’s very excited about finding a place on the mountain like yours. He knew that the property wasn’t being held by the Barringers anymore so he hoped that you would be more interested in selling.”
“And I’m not. Now, I really need to get going as I have another appointment.” I stood up, not giving Carolyn any time to argue. Her smile faltered then.
“You’ll let me know about what kind of space we have on the third floor to rent?” 
I nodded as I turned to leave, hoping that I wasn’t being too rude. I turned back then, “Oh, if Mr. Kane needs anything else, he can contact my attorney at Evans, Priory and DeCaire, okay?”
“I can’t imagine it would come to that,” Carolyn said, smiling again. I left that thought with her. She had no idea how ugly Mr. Kane could get.
How could Zari A have missed this? Of course, having cousins somewhere didn’t mean ties. I certainly hadn’t taught her that family ties really meant anything, so how could she have known? Tom never talked about family, or rarely. As I thought back on it, he had mentioned cousins, but mostly with envy as if they had everything he wanted.
My hands were shaking when I got to the car. I dropped the keys on the floor and had to pick them up. Someone closed a car door nearby and my head came up so fast it hit the steering wheel. At least I still held the keys. The door slammer was a woman with a face pinched like a baby’s before a really big tantrum. She was walking to the real estate office. I wondered if she was Carolyn’s next customer. If so, the realtor needed to work with her on her people skills.
I finally got the keys into the ignition. The car started without a problem. At least the car was immune to my emotional turmoil. I kept glancing back in the rearview mirror to see if anyone followed. On the way up, an unfamiliar silver car followed me but it turned off just past Baseline as I ascended the hillside on Main Street. The driver was an old man, which I suppose proved I was ready to see Tom anywhere. Tom was a little younger than I was, with sandy hair and pale gray eyes. He was big, at least 6’2”, with a well-muscled body that spoke of long hours in the gym with weights for company.
The drive back took longer than it should have, given that traffic lights between the real estate office and the end of Old Whisper Road were both red. Then I got behind a large truck that was having trouble chugging up the hill. From the smell it seemed like it might be delivering manure. It turned off to the right about three quarters of the way up the mountain. There were farms in that area. Another car had come up behind me but turned off to follow the truck. Lucky them.  Eventually the torturous drive finally ended without incident. No one dropped manure on me. No one followed me. The house was there, a safe haven.
I glanced around as I sat in the car in front of the house. No one was there. Opening the car door, I listened for other sounds of traffic but heard nothing. I ran across the gravel area to the porch. The front door was unlocked, but Peter didn’t have a lock. He said there were other ways of deterring trespassers. I didn’t ask him what those were. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know.
“What?” Zari A thought at me, looking over from her perch in the front window. 
“Tom Kane made an offer on my building.” I set my purse down on a small table by the window.
“Tom is here?” She asked.
I nodded.
“This is not good. Have you told Peter?” 
I glared over at her. When would I have seen him?  “Tom’s related to the Meiers, who are apparently an old Whisper family. However, Tom’s family hasn’t lived here. He does have cousins.”
“Peter has talked a little about the Meiers,” Zari A told me. She was pacing in the window, following me as I paced in front of it. Perhaps that wasn’t the smartest thing to do if I was in hiding but the fact was, I wasn’t thinking. I was in shock. Whisper had seemed like a safe place to me.
“What did he say?” I asked, wondering if Peter had any insights into Tom’s family, anything at all that might help me understand his obsession with me.
“The family has mostly left the mountain. There’s only one branch left and of that branch only one child is still on the mountain, Alex. He is a good dentist. He has the office next to Meg’s, I think. David thinks that Alex will need more space soon which is one reason why he wants you to talk to Meg, at least that’s what Peter told me.”
“Tom’s cousin is a dentist?” I was somewhat incredulous. That sounded so ordinary. Of course, just because Tom wasn’t quite right didn’t mean that his cousins wouldn’t be.
“Alex is a very special dentist,” Zari purred. She loved teaching. “His talent has something to do with minimizing bacteria. He’s also got a very light touch. It’s not exactly healing the way Amy heals but it’s definitely in the same realm. He likes it here. I guess he’s kind of socially inept too, so I doubt he knows much about Tom.”
I nodded.
“Alex has three sisters, all of whom have left Whisper. They haven’t just moved off the mountain, they’ve left the area and didn’t come back. Alex’s father’s side is Old Whisper and several of his brothers also left. A sister stayed but never married. Alex’s mother was always New Whisper so she doesn’t have any old family blood.”
“Interesting. And was Tom’s father one of Alex’s uncles?”
“Yes. They moved out to Michigan. As I said, when they left, they really left.”
“Was it the economy or for a specialized job?” 
Zari would have shrugged if cats could do that. “It does not seem related to that at all. He was in engineering. There are many places for an engineer to work much closer than Michigan.”
“So they just wanted to get away.”
“And Tom was raised not far from where you lived. It was just luck that you hadn’t met him before the night at the club.”
“Or maybe he engineered the club meeting after all,” I said.
“There is no evidence of that from anything you said. I do not think he is that good of an actor either,” Zari assured me. 
I tried to remember all that I could about what Tom had said. He’d loved it when his family came back to what he called his home. It was probably Whisper, I realized, shuddering. They’d come every three or four years, driving out in the car in the summer months. They’d had some nice vacations. The home, Tom claimed, was magical. He said someday he’d go back there because there was magic in his blood. I realized, as an old Whisper family member, he wasn’t actually lying. Had I discounted other clues that might tell me more about him just because they sounded more poetic than real? 
I found myself sitting straight-backed on the sofa. I had no memory of sitting down. Zari A was now pacing in front of me on the coffee table. Concern was evident in her golden eyes. This was quite unlike me. I’d meant to have a quick meeting with the realtor, meet with Joe, grab some groceries, perhaps enjoy a nice lunch. Now I was in shock, sitting on the sofa, uncertain what to do next. I couldn’t even muster the energy to be frustrated that I was late for meeting with Joe. I’d need to call him and apologize. Soon, I promised myself.


MEG

“I’m going to visit Angela Light. I’ll be on my cell if you need me,” Meg told RaeLynn. Meg put her mug of tea in the sink in the backroom. Running water in it, she left it there. RaeLynn would wash it out before she got back, but the least she could do was make it easier. Kyle always washed his own dishes, setting them carefully in the rack. Meg hated being the office slob.
“And Kyle?” RaeLynn asked.
“He’ll be visiting with Mary Margaret.”
“So what sort of woo woo stuff should I look into?” RaeLynn asked, figuring out from the names that something odd was up. Meg shouldn’t have been surprised at how quickly the other woman caught on.
“Can you find out who’s into earth spirits? I’m thinking broadly, like is it more Native American spirituality or pagan? Also can you find out why someone might want an earth spirit around?  I think maybe theories on binding a spirit might be helpful,” Meg paused to think.
“You mean like should we also be looking for any dead babies ritually butchered?” RaeLynn asked.
“Eww,” Meg looked over at her. “What kinds of stuff do you read?”
RaeLynn just smiled. 
“And could you see if there’s anyone here who is really into anything related to calling elemental spirits or binding spirits and/or nature spirit rituals.”
“Assuming you mean rituals and not dead babies, exactly how do you expect me to narrow that down? I’ll get pretty much every person who’s ever set foot in Whisper if I don’t,” RaeLynn asked.
“Narrow it down by those most likely to be involved in a particular group that would be into elemental spirits, especially earth. Then use your gut,” Meg told her.
RaeLynn nodded. “I’ll see what I can do but don’t be surprised if there are way more names than you want. I’m not sure how my gut will narrow it down.” 
Meg shrugged. “We’ll see what comes up when I get back.”
“Even Cinderella RaeLynn can’t promise all results in that amount of time, you know.”
Meg laughed as she left. Outside the air felt crisp and the clouds looked dark. It was definitely going to rain. It might even be a decent shower. Angela’s shop wasn’t far so Meg decided to chance walking. Her windbreaker was water-resistant. She’d probably get just as wet with a car if the rain started in the next few minutes. Meg noticed Kyle’s car parked on the side street. He could have walked to work if he wanted to. No doubt he thought it came in handy in case of rain. Today he was right.
Meg walked up the road for two blocks and then turned towards the mountain for one more. Angela’s business was off the beaten path but anyone looking for it could easily find it. The shop was actually a duplex Angela and her husband had purchased about fifteen years ago, when Redmond was just starting to develop. At the time few people were looking to move out farther than that. When Angela started her business, zoning permitted only a home-based business. There was now a door between the two duplexes so it was considered all one house. The side facing the street was their business and the side facing away from the street was their home. Down the block was the new commercial building Meg was eyeing covetously, hoping there’d be some affordable space.
Angela advertised as a life coach, using her intuitive powers. At one time she had been a psychic reader. She still did the same thing, although life coaches were in demand now. Angela did well under her new business name. She and her husband Nick led one of the covens in town. They’d turned the detached duplex garages into one big room which they used when it was too nasty to perform a ritual outside. Two other groups rented the large space for meditation practice. Apparently good energy was non-denominational.
Meg crossed the small parking area that was once a tiny front yard separating the front duplex from the street. To the side, where the existing driveway areas had been, a double carport stood. She noticed no cars in the parking area. Angela had been doing a lot of work by phone and on the Internet so the absence of cars didn’t mean she’d be available. Still, Meg was more hopeful than if she had seen a car. 
Rain started to fall in scattered drops just as Meg went to open the front door, noticing the brightly painted Welcome sign. The door was painted red and there was an octagonal mirror above it. Meg walked into the front room. She wasn’t surprised to find Nick, Angela’s husband, sitting behind a computer. His beautifully made desk faced the front door so he could see anyone who came in. Meg wondered if the couple had traded services for the hand done work. Angela and Nick often found creative ways to finance what they needed when money wasn’t flowing. 
Some sort of quiet instrumental music played softly in the background. The front wall and side walls were painted a midnight blue. A large watercolor of Puget Sound on a rainy day with  waves crashing against the side of a ferry hung above a love seat to her left. A couple of chairs faced Nick’s desk. Behind Nick, the wall was painted in an off-white and the photographs there were of Mt. Rainier and Mt. Si, the two closest identifiable peaks. The carpet was a speckled Berber carpet. Meg had to give them points for practicality. The color might not stand out but stains would never show. The carpet wouldn’t wear for a decade no matter how much traffic Angela had.
“Hi Nick,” Meg said softly, aware that if Angela was in a session she was just beyond the other wall. 
“Hey Meg,” Nick responded. “What brings you by?”  Nick’s voice was pleasant, as was his smile. His blue eyes were forever sparkling beneath the reddish hair that covered his head. Meg remembered for years he had worn a beard, although recently he shaved it off. She wondered if Angela was used to the new look yet. 
“Wondering if I could talk to Angela?”
“Business or pleasure?” Nick asked, laughing at his own private joke.
“I’m sure it’s always a pleasure, although today it’s more business. I’m hoping she can point me in the right direction on an investigation. Not intuitively, mind you,” Meg added, not wanting Nick to think he could bill the company for Angela’s time. “Just wondering about some things she might have heard or people she might have run into.”
Nick nodded, standing up. “Tea?” 
Meg nodded. She could always use something to do with her hands. Holding the mug, changing positions was a lot less distracting than her tendency to want to shift position or drum her fingernails on a desk. Nick walked into the small hallway behind him. Meg hardly had time to take in the newest photo of Mt. Si when Angela walked into the room, followed by Nick. He carried two cups with teabags obviously inside, the tea still brewing. Meg could see the steam rising from the plain, mismatched cups.
“Meg, it’s good to see you. It’s been ages. In fact, I’m overdue for a visit with Emma,” Angela said, referring to Meg’s grandmother.
“It has been awhile,” Meg smiled. She didn’t really know the other woman well but Angela treated everyone in Whisper as her nearest and dearest. 
“Come on back, unless you think Nick can help out too?” Angela said.
“I don’t know. It’s an odd question.”
“Well then sit here and we’ll both see what we can do,” Nick pointed to one of the chairs. He pulled his desk chair around to be closer to the conversation. He set the cup of tea on the edge of the desk. He held a cup as well. Angela sat next to Meg. Although the chairs looked like standard waiting room issue, Meg found they were surprisingly comfortable. Everything about the office was designed for comfort. Meg supposed it was to keep people coming back. As she relaxed into her chair Meg found herself feeling a little silly. 
“Kyle and I are investigating some weird stuff going on. It’s sort of making me think of elemental spirits. I’m wondering if either of you know of anyone or have heard anything about someone messing around with that sort of stuff?”  Uncomfortable with her question, Meg picked up the cup and started dunking her tea bag in and out of the water.
Nick glanced over at his longtime partner, holding Angela’s gaze with a look Meg would only describe as significant. She had no doubt that something meaningful had passed there but wasn’t sure what it was. The gaze dropped while Angela fiddled with her hands.
“I don’t exactly know,” Nick said. “While Wiccans call the quarters, which are typically elements, we don’t really think of calling them like ‘calling an elemental’ in fantasy role playing games or in the movies.”
“But you know something?” Meg pressed. She decided the tea bag was about done and carefully removed it, thankful for the napkin and saucer that came with the cup.
“Not about what you’re asking,” Angela said with a sigh. “I felt the earthquake last night. I mean, everyone did. But I knew it wasn’t normal. There was something off about it. My first thought when we woke up was that the land was angry. Not our land of course,” Angela added. “Whisper is always safe and protecting, like a devoted mother to those she calls. It was the surrounding land that seemed angry. Really angry.”
Meg sipped her tea. “Any thoughts about why that would have come up?”
“There are so many variations and even perversions on the Wiccan faith that I wouldn’t rule out someone claiming to be pagan,” Angela said as her husband frowned. “I know that spirits of the land are mentioned in Native American beliefs but I’m not sure that anyone would call a land spirit like you’re asking. I think that would be considered evil unless you’d already been contacted by the spirit. I could be wrong. Shamanism is not my area of expertise.”
Meg twisted her cup between her hands, thinking. “So in your mind it would probably be someone calling themselves pagan even if they aren’t actually Wiccan?”
Angela nodded. “I wish I could say it was probably more of a tribal belief because that would narrow it down. Gaia only knows that everyone and their dog in Whisper is at least a secret pagan at heart. It’s why we’re all here.” 
Meg must have looked shocked because Angela smiled, adding, “Yes Meg, even you.”
Meg smiled at the other woman, figuring as well as Angela knew her grandmother, she probably had some sense of the talent that lay in Meg’s family. Meg found herself thinking that Angela wasn’t covering anything up. Whatever she knew she had either shared or it wasn’t important enough to be mentioned. 
“Have you heard of anyone new in town that’s been inquiring about something like this?” Meg asked. “It seems like a big thing to have done. Wouldn’t someone want bragging rights?”
“You’d think,” Nick said drily. “If it were kids and an accident, I’d say yeah, we’d have heard. If it’s someone serious and they have a more evil intent, I’m not real surprised they’re keeping quiet. As to someone new, this is Whisper. There’s always someone new. Nothing major was going on at dark moon but tourists come when they can. There’s a new subdivision on the Carnation edge of South Whisper with families moving in every month. There are two new shops in downtown proper. One is an herbal shop, although it’s really a front for more pagan gatherings. I don’t hold out much hope they’ll last more than a year. Mary Margaret’s Church of the Sacred Light is just too big.”
Meg nodded. Much of what Nick said made sense. There were always new people in Whisper. It attracted those interested in the new age and spiritual the way Woodinville attracted wine lovers. At first the town had fought the image but gradually the City Council had realized that there was money to be made by promoting it. Whisper was the Sedona of the Pacific Northwest, although it wasn’t as well known.
“It was a long shot, but I had to try. I will admit though, when I thought earth spirit, I was thinking more Native American or shaman-type work. They work with natural spirits don’t they?”
“I’m not that familiar with tribal magics but my general understanding  is that they don’t call spirits the way this one was called. I think you’re looking at someone with a basic Wiccan or general witch-type background who got lucky. Of course they’re going to get very unlucky in the future,” Angela said sadly.
“Why do you say that?” 
“Meg honey, they’ve harnessed an earth elemental. That means some sort of binding. Who could hold that kind of thing for very long? With the anger I felt, the elemental is not happy about the binding either. That is very dangerous for the caller.”
Angela was silent for a moment watching Meg. Then she asked, “Meg, when did you cut yourself?”
Startled, Meg’s hand automatically went to her hairline. She had forgotten about the injury and was surprised when Angela mentioned it. “My clock fell on me at the beginning of the earthquake. I think it just fell wrong and I got that gash.”
Angela shook her head. “You need to be careful. That may be tied into all of this. Blood is very powerful and yours was flowing at a very significant time.”
“Great,” Meg sighed. “At least I’m not alone. Lacey Forsythe said her cat drew blood last night when he leaped on her.”
Angela raised her eyebrows a bit farther. “You’re both from old families aren’t you?”
Meg nodded, wondering where this was going. Everyone thought the old families had something special in their blood. Perhaps they did, although the specialness was more about their exposure to the Spirit of Whisper Mountain. 
“Your blood could be a bit more powerful in such a binding, all that exposure to your earth spirit,” Angela smiled then. 
Meg squirmed, suddenly uncomfortable. There were some things you just didn’t talk about with outsiders. Certainly if someone married into the family they might be told more about the earth spirit, but only with permission. Oddly, Angela had never asked for permission, although she clearly knew more about the spirit than most people not part of the Old Families.
“You and Lacey be careful, okay? I don’t know who else might have had blood drawn at the proper time, but it worries me. I have no idea how bindings like this work or who worked them, but that spirit might see you guys as part of the problem.”
“I’ll let her know.” Meg started to rise.
“You don’t suppose whoever did the binding actually bound the Whisper spirit?” Nick asked suddenly. “I mean, if it’s your blood and Lacey’s blood?”
Meg let herself drop back into her seat. That couldn’t be done could it? She certainly hoped not.
Angela was shaking her head. “The quake came from outside Whisper proper. It couldn’t have been.”
Meg was able to stand again. 
“Don’t be too relieved, Meg.” Angela was looking at her. “I don’t like how you’re mixed up in this. Or Lacey. There are shadows about you both. I could do a reading if you like, unless you’d rather Emma do it?”
“No, that’s fine.” Meg hated the idea that people could see and know things about her life that she couldn’t. That might be why she was always so resistant to Emma’s suggestions when she foresaw something. Meg could hear Lacey’s singsong voice shouting “Control Issues” in her mind, each word capitalized, laughing at Meg’s need to be in charge of everything around her.
Angela nodded, not pushing it. “Just be safe okay?”  Both Nick and Angela regarded Meg with deep blue eyes filled with concern.
 “Don’t be afraid to call on the protectors of Whisper to keep you that way, either,” Angela called out as Meg exited through the front door.


RAIN

“I am still perplexed as to how he keeps finding you.” Zari A was leaning over the laptop, as if pushing her nose against the screen would somehow change the information we had. I’d finally brought it out of my room and it was set up on the coffee table in the living room. 
I was still stewing several hours later, long past lunch time and moving close to dinner time. Zari and I had been on the computer to find out what we could. It was frustrating to me to consider that Tom was able to follow me so effortlessly, although this last time I seemed to have run right to his den. If only I’d had a name for the place he called home. Why hadn’t he ever said anything? Then when Zari A found Whisper, we could have left before I started thinking I could set up my business here.
   Sometime during the afternoon Peter joined us, sitting in a large chair towards the back of the room. His feet rested on the footstool, still barefoot from the morning, although he was no longer in sweats but in his more usual uniform of blue jeans and long sleeved button-down shirt. This one was blue denim, the most common color to find him wearing. His hands waved in the air making symbols like he was playing an invisible cat’s cradle. They kept moving even when he deigned to talk to me.
“He shouldn’t have been able to find you here,” Peter commented. “Tom may have the blood of the Dixons, but he’s never lived on the mountain. It’s not like you can inherit the family bond.”
“Dixon?” I asked.
“The Meiers are part of the Dixon family tree,” Peter explained, only slightly impatient. Whatever he was focused on working there in his chair, it wasn’t my problem, certainly. He rarely got impatient with questions, mine or Zari’s, and Zari asked a lot of questions.
“Do you know which cousins he visited?” I asked.
“Alex of course. And his sisters, although they’ve left. I think Tom had an older brother as well. I can’t say that I thought much of that branch of the family though.”
“Why?” I asked.
Peter gave a half shrug. “Lots of stuff going on with the father and the children. He never seemed to miss an opportunity for discipline, which often appeared overly harsh. Gossip in Allison’s Diner at the time was that he was abusive. His older brother was definitely a bully. I once broke up a fight between him and two of the DeCaire boys. Believe me, the DeCaires are scattered and irritating but they aren’t much for fighting.”
I nodded, wondering about the blood lines Peter just spouted off so quickly and easily. Fortunately Zari A seemed to be taking mental notes, which she could use to help fill me in later if I had further questions.
“I’m just pissed that Tom was able to follow me when the detective I hired wasn’t. I thought I had my tracks covered.”
“The detective can only work on the physical level, Rain.” Peter spent a moment looking at me, daring me to contradict him.
“So you think Tom has magic? You just said he didn’t live on the mountain so had no special powers.”
“The mountain isn’t the only thing that offers special powers. There are any number of people here who want various types of power that they think magic can give them.”
I sat there looking at him for a moment. “You mean to tell me that magic is real?”
“Do you really not believe in magic after everything you have seen and heard when Peter and I talk?” Zari was looking up at me from where she had settled next to the laptop. Both of her front toes were now curled under her body, leaning against the edge of the machine. Despite her apparently relaxed position, she would be up and ready to read anything the minute I started typing.
“Not that sort of magic,” I said. “Besides, wouldn’t you or Peter or someone have noticed something like that?”
Peter shook his head, not bothering to answer. He was back to paying full attention to his hands. 
I sighed again. I felt like I needed to eat but I wasn’t hungry. In fact, the very thought of food tightened all the knots in my stomach. Why offer to buy the building?
“I suspect the building offer was a game,” Zari said, looking at me.
“A game?”
“You run whenever he shows up. I suspect he’s saying he knows that now that he’s appeared, you’ll run again.”
I nodded. It’s a power play then. Would I run or would I stay? Or did he think he had put me in a lose-lose situation? If I ran, I was playing into his hands but if I stayed he would always be there, a shadow ready to show up when I least expected it. 
“You are safe at the house you know,” Peter added, glancing up from his work.
I nodded. “Just the house?” 
Peter smiled faintly before going back to work on whatever it was he was concentrating on.
“What are you doing?” I finally asked as the silence settled over us.
Peter looked up surprised. “I believe that someone bound an earth spirit last night. That was what was going on with the earthquake. Nature spirits have no desire to be told what to do.”
“I’m sure,” I said drily.
Peter ignored the comment. “I’m working to set it free. There is something more there that binds it to the caller but there are many strands and I’m not yet able to see them all.”
“I’m sure you’ll get it. I just hope Tom doesn’t show up while you’re so distracted.”
“I doubt that Tom is likely to show up here no matter how distracted I am. This is not a place for uninvited guests.” Peter paused looking at his hands for a moment before continuing. “He was never a particularly brave boy. Like his father, he was more of a bully. Fortunately that branch was never one for exploring their talents so between leaving the mountain and lack of use, they were never very powerful.”
“Good to know.”  I watched the hands moving quickly and proficiently. “You don’t suppose Tom could have bound the earth spirit?”
Peter glanced up surprised. “No. That would take talent and as I said, he has little. Certainly not that kind.”
“Of course,” Zari A said, “he could be working with someone or have hired someone.”
“No one could promise to bind a nature spirit,” Peter growled, offended at the very thought. “So it is doubtful he’s involved. Although the type of person who would want power might attract a man like Tom. He too wants power that is not his to wield.”
“He’s probably working with someone who can find Rain.” Zari stretched as she said that.
“You don’t think Tom has the power?” I asked.
“If he himself had the power, there wouldn’t be delays of months before he found you,” Peter said, obviously distracted again. A frown line appeared between his eyebrows. I swear I saw the tiniest bit of tongue as he worked a particularly intricate pattern with his fingers.
“Who would he know?” Zari mused. “Will you boot up the computer again? I want to look at his phone records for anyone he is friends with and check on them.”
“You could hire Meg to do that, you know,” Peter said.
“It’s not something I want to advertise. Besides, I’d rather come to her as an equal, not a supplicant.” I’m quite proud, which I’m not afraid to admit to myself.
Peter didn’t quite shrug but that very faint smile crossed his face and he wouldn’t meet my eyes. No doubt I’d look the supplicant to Meg no matter what. At any rate, Meg would need to go through legal channels. Zari A had no such compunctions and her computer skill was easily able to hack into almost any database. I just needed to do the typing. 


MEG

Back at the office, time passed quickly for Meg. She made notes and charts about what she knew. Meg had a brief timeline as well, with arrows pointing to people who might be involved. RaeLynn found some photos of Elaine online and Meg spent some time studying them, trying to get a sense of who the woman was. It was part of what she liked about investigating, putting the pieces in place, rather like turning over the pieces in a puzzle, so you knew what you had. She wasn’t sure of the bigger picture yet. On the one hand, there was an earthquake which could point to an earth spirit. Then she had a dead body. Considering that the dead woman had dirt around her mouth, that could still point to an earth spirit. Why would one kill? How could any human make one kill? They didn’t exactly go around volunteering their services. If anything, Meg reflected, they would more than likely demand service or tribute. Then there was the fact that both she and Lacey had blood drawn that night. Had anything happened to anyone else? Was there a connection or coincidence? 
It bothered Meg that it happened to both her and her best friend. Did it happen to Amy too? Meg considered calling her but Amy would be in the middle of her community acupuncture treatments. She’d try and talk to her later. 
Meg and Kyle compared notes. Mary Margaret had little else to add, other than, as Kyle said, “Mary Margaret assures me that if she came in contact with whoever did this thing she would feel it on them and immediately take care of it.”
The comment was typical of the woman who always seemed ready to promise far more than she could deliver. It amazed Meg that the church was as big as it was. If she was going to choose a new age person to follow, Meg had no doubt she’d choose someone like Angela, who tended to promise only what she really could deliver. Other people clearly felt differently.
“Oh yeah,” Meg added, squirming in her seat a bit. She could never seem to find a chair that suited her just right. Her fingers began to tap on the edge of the desk. Kyle’s eyes dropped to them but were once again on her face before Meg took in the look.
“Oh?” Kyle repeated when nothing but tapping was forthcoming. 
“The cut? Lacey got one too, last night.”
Kyle nodded, waiting. 
“Angela thinks it’s important and that we might be in some sort of danger. She thinks our old family blood might have helped to bind the earth spirit.”
Kyle leaned back, letting Meg’s fingers continue their tap dance on the edge of the desk.
“Have you talked to Emma?”
Meg shook her head. “Mom didn’t even mention it when she called earlier.”
“Do you think she doesn’t know?”
Meg shrugged. “I’d think Gram would have called her if it was important. Or called me at least.”
“Maybe Angela’s wrong?” Kyle said.
“It doesn’t quite feel that way, you know?” Meg looked up at him, a frown line appearing between her eyes. 
“I’d go talk to your Gram if I were you.” 
Meg nodded absently. However, if her Grandmother didn’t want to talk for some reason, she wouldn’t. 
At some time during the afternoon, Kyle got up to go for a run. Meg knew he’d probably be running near Echo Heights and do some more talking to the animals there in the afternoon. Who knew what he would find out?  When Meg left, RaeLynn was cleaning up her desk, an apology on her lips that she had no concrete information about calling up earth elementals. 
“It was a long shot,” Meg said. 
“I’ll go back to looking into Michael Whitcomb.”
Meg waved as she pulled out her cell phone to call Lacey for dinner. 
“Allison’s?” Lacey said picking up her phone. There was no need for preamble.
“Allison’s” Meg agreed hanging up. She pulled on her jacket as she walked across the side street that ran next to her building before crossing Baseline to the diner. Allison’s Diner was a retro-style diner where you could get hearty, comforting meals. Of course in Whisper, healthy and comforting managed to coexist in one comfortable space. You could find vegetarian options, gluten-free options, and an abundance of food that was locally sourced. Allison did a lot of the cooking herself, especially if there was a special request, but she did have several other cooks who rotated shifts on the line. There were three full-time waitresses and two high school girls. A couple of other part-timers cleared tables. When not actively cooking, Allison could be found assisting the waitresses up front. Meg wondered when the woman found the time to get her information over to the accountant.
The bell over the door rang when Meg walked in. It was mid-week and the diner was doing a brisk business, but it was not so busy that Meg had to wait long for a seat. Lacey breezed in just as Meg’s cousin Jana was getting ready to put her in a booth.
“Ohh pizza,”  Lacey said. “And gluten-free. Your mom can’t even get mad!”
Meg laughed. Lacey was tall and thin with straight dark hair, cropped short above her ears. Her eyes were nearly violet in color and they seemed to captivate nearly everyone she met. It helped that she was unfailingly kind in her manner as well. Meg was always astounded that this easygoing woman had picked her as her best friend. Meg couldn’t be more different in temperament. Still, both women loved to hike and ski. Lacey was always trying to get Meg to kayak and Meg tried to get Lacey to rock climb. Both women would usually go along with the other’s ideas but those were passions they didn’t share. Meg also didn’t share Lacey’s passion for cooking, although she loved to eat. She also envied Lacey’s patient ability to know plants.
“Can we get a large?” Meg asked.
Jana nodded. “And two coconut fizzes? It’s blackberry today.”
“Sounds great,” Lacey said. Meg nodded. Last weekend the two of them had been picking blackberries out at the edge of Lacey’s farm. 
“Have you heard from Glen?” Meg asked as they settled in to wait for their food.
Lacey shook her head. “I’m probably better off without him if he’s that jealous of everything. First he worried about my cousin Mark, then he was jealous of Mark’s wife. I really had to wonder what he expected. I mean, be jealous of one or the other but not both!”
Meg grinned, “What did he say about me?”
“We didn’t even get to you!  I ended up tossing him out before he started in on our standing diner dates.”
Meg hid her chuckle by placing a hand over her mouth.
Lacey shrugged. “I guess it’s just that he’s not from Whisper. I take a lot of things for granted here, forgetting to explain things or not even being able to explain other things. It’s not like that other places.”
“Angela is worried about us.” Meg said as Jana set down their drinks.
“Angela Light?” Lacey took a sip of hers, nodding at Jana. Meg wondered how the other woman worked so hard only to come down to the diner and seem to sparkle.
Meg tested her own drink. It wasn’t bad. More sour than she would like but coconut water fizzes tended to be. “I talked to her today about the earthquake. When she saw my cut she was concerned that it’s somehow linked to what’s going on. I told her Signore drew blood during the quake too. She’s not thrilled that it’s two Old Family members that it happened to.”
“So what’s happening? I only have rumors. Some people are saying that the Spirit of Whisper Mountain is pissed off, although I don’t buy that.”
“Angela thinks someone managed to bind one of the earth spirits. Not on Whisper,” Meg added when Lacey started to protest, “but close by. She thinks that our blood helped it, because you know, we’re so exposed to a spirit that’s awake and active.”
“So half the town could have had accidents during the right time if that’s what it took?” Lacey said.
Meg looked up at her friend. “I hadn’t really thought about that. I was thinking about us. Angela thinks the earth spirit who’s bound might be angry with us because it’s our blood. She wants us to be careful.”
“Careful is my middle name,” Lacey said, giving Meg a pointed look. “You, however, tend to be a bit careless. Need I remind you of the time you went out hiking without telling anyone or taking any extra provisions?  Then you took that shortcut. It’s a good thing Peter looks out for us or you’d probably be a pile of bones by now.”
“I’m mostly careful. Who knew the trail would just disappear like that?” Meg protested.
“It was winter,” Lacey snorted. “Who would have thought it would still be there? Or if they didn’t believe that, they’d have at least taken some extra gear or let someone know where they’d be. Your mom was flipping out over that. I’m not sure who got it worse, me or Amy.”
“It wasn’t like Gram warned me not to,” Meg said.
“Bedside table.” Jana glanced over at Lacey curiously as she set down the pizza between the two women. Meg was also looking puzzled but waited until Jana left before saying anything.
“Bedside table?” Meg was lifting a piece of pizza off the platter onto her plate. The crust was thinner than she liked but it looked good and her mother wouldn’t get angry about her eating habits.
“The one we moved back next to your bed so your alarm clock could fall off and hit you on the head. That’s how you listen to Emma.” Lacey was taking her own piece. She set it on the plate and took the small spoon from the bowl of dried pepper flakes to scatter some across her slice.
Meg shrugged, taking a bite. “How was I supposed to know it was an indefinite thing?  Besides I hated having to pace over there to turn the clock off.”
“So if this is an earth spirit, have you been up to Peter’s?” Lacey asked. She was trying to keep the smile off her face as she ate her pizza.
“No,” Meg said. “I need to though. I mean if it is an earth spirit that’s bound, he’ll know the most won’t he?”
“Um hmm.”
“So I have a good reason.”
“And just rip those clothes off and let him know you mean business.”
Meg rolled her eyes.
 Lacey giggled. “Sometimes I just don’t understand you Meg. Really I don’t.”
“What? I’m supposed to just go around ripping men’s clothing off?” Meg was busy pulling her next slice of piece. She didn’t see the look that crossed Lacey’s face while doing that. It was some combination of puzzlement and frustration. Had she seen it, perhaps Meg would have questioned it. It wasn’t the first time, although Lacey did her best to keep her frustration hidden. Seducing Peter wasn’t all that hard, nor was being seduced by him. She never quite understood why Meg seemed to prefer thinking about it to the actual fact. 
Not that Lacey claimed to be an expert on romance. She certainly never understood Meg’s propensity towards what she considered rather passionless romantic escapades, but Meg made no judgments about her own disasters so how could she judge Meg’s? She had hoped that Jason would be a lot of fun for Meg, even if he clearly wasn’t long-term material. Instead, when he’d just sort of disappeared from her life, it seemed to make Meg huddle back within herself, willing to go back to her usual cautious, not too much passion and friends-for-a-decade-before-moving-farther state.
“Speaking of men’s clothing coming off,” Lacey said, “The Meier’s have a long lost relative staying up with them. Noticed him on their deck shirtless. I thought it was a bit cool for that but apparently he likes showing it off.”
“Worth showing?” 
Lacey grinned. “Worth seeing. Of course, I think I met him out by the mailboxes the other day. Kind of a creep. Too bad. He might not be living on Whisper, but he’s Old Family.”
“The Meiers are Dixons way back, right?” Meg asked, chewing. Alex, the dentist next door to her was really the last of the Meiers on the mountain.
Lacey nodded. “They tend to get a funky kind of healing talent and then sort of a weather prediction thing, or didn’t Rebecca Dixon control weather or something?”
Meg nodded. “Not very well according to Gram, but I think all of them can tell when the weather will change. If they start talking about a hard winter everyone stocks up and puts on their snow tires. I don’t know anyone else who could control it much, other than to maybe make the storm move a little more west or north, but not really changing the weather per se.”
Lacey nodded, grinning wickedly. “I wonder what Rebecca did to get that talent?”
Meg shrugged, honestly not knowing. Lacey took that as a sign Meg didn’t want to talk about it any more.
“So how is Sheri’s love life?” Lacey asked changing the subject. If Meg didn’t want to talk about something, no sense wasting time pushing it. Besides, while Meg might be the detective, Lacey was the one who loved to be in the know.


RAIN

I wasn’t hungry, but Zari A was. I was down to three cans of cat food, none of which were her favorites. Well, one she liked but she wasn’t in the mood for. I’d been picking through food earlier and Peter had been tasting the deli turkey. He’d eaten enough that I knew that Zari wouldn’t appreciate the few leftovers. I could have a sandwich but she would whine about starving. 
It was dark when I finally got around to driving down the hill to the store. There was a lovely large grocer in New Whisper. Although a chain store, they must have understood their clientel. There were large areas of organic produce as well as a number of local food items. It also contained larger than average areas of specialty foods including organic packaged meals, pastured chicken and meats, raw milk, and gluten-free items. I got Zari some organic deli turkey because she loved that. I picked up organic chicken livers for her too.
I found some nice bread for my sandwich, along with pasta, cream, mushrooms, and a cut up chicken. It would make for several meals even if Peter did start picking through the food. 
I was just putting it in my cart, when I saw a man moving behind me. His size, towering over my barely five-foot-one inch height would have bothered me even if I wasn’t worried about Tom. I whirled around, scaring a youngish man to no end. He was probably still growing, his legs, arms, and even his hair seeming too long for his torso. He’d be a big guy once he grew. I wondered if he fantasized about being a basketball player. He seemed too gangly to have much coordination. After jumping away from me, his too long arms brushed the shelf sending several packages of tortillas falling to the ground. 
Apologizing I helped him pick them up. “Thanks,” he whispered to me, avoiding my eyes. I realized that as jumpy as I was this young man was probably more afraid of me than I was of him. It’d been a very long time since I’d encountered a teenager so sweetly shy as this boy. 
“You’re welcome,” I said smiling, catching his eyes when he looked up. A bright red flush rose from the collar of his jacket. He barely nodded before quickly scampering away. I’m not sure that young men do that much any more so that brief encounter gave me a lift. 
I turned back to the meat case, trying to decide if I wanted anything more. I tossed in a pound of hamburger, grass fed, of course. Zari wasn’t as fond of beef as she was of chicken and turkey but she would eat it, especially if I were making something out of it. I could always do spaghetti. I turned down the cat food aisle.
As I walked down the aisle, I thought I heard a rumbling. At first I thought it was a truck but it didn’t seem to stop. Food started falling from the shelves. A woman in front of me was hit with a single-serving can of cat food. Moving out of the way, she almost tripped over a larger can of dog food that rolled in front of her. I held onto my cart, standing at the end of the aisle. The ground started leaping now and then, as if someone with a giant jack hammer were trying to punch through the floor but not succeeding. I nearly fell, just barely managing to steady myself on the shelving. My cart had wheels so that didn’t much help me, or perhaps it did. I held onto it with one hand to keep it from rolling away. Doing so required that I move slightly which allowed my body the momentum it needed to keep from falling over. 
Then the movement stopped. The rumbling sound stopped half a thought later. I looked around. The other people in the market seemed as dazed as I did. 
“That spirit of Whisper Mountain must be pissed,” I heard someone say behind me. I turned to see a man helping a woman to stand up. The woman down the pet food aisle was still on her feet somehow, grabbing the can of dog food. She set it upright on the floor near one side of the aisle before leaving. 
I walked down the aisle grabbing a half-dozen cans of Zari’s two favorites before leaving. The cashiers were busy but made good time checking people out. I wondered at the exodus until the manager came on over the intercom recommending that all shoppers leave the store so they could do a full inspection. More people spilled out of aisles to line up. Thank heavens I was in the cat food aisle that emptied near a checkout line so I managed beat the rush to leave.
The clerk was friendly and smiling, no doubt high on the excitement of being part of even a minor disaster, ready to do her job. She scanned my items through quickly, waving me away with a smile as I picked up my bags.
I waved back, as I walked towards the door. A small crowd of people gathered not far outside the entrance, talking about the quake.
“Heard it was a 4.3 on the Richter Scale,” a deep-voiced woman said. She was holding an unlit cigarette that was surely the cause of the deeper, throaty tones.
“Felt bigger,” another man was saying. He was a guy large enough to have taken on Tom. He was soft through the middle though.
“Probably right underneath here. Makes you think about what all those Whisper folks say about that Spirit. Must be pissed.”
“Thought he was supposed to protect everyone?”
“Apparently not.” The woman with the cigarette was looking at it like she wanted a smoke but she never moved to light up, at least not before I passed them.
The sky had darkened into full night. After nearly a year outside of San Diego, it still surprised me how early it got dark. It was only September. I followed another woman out towards the cars. She stopped at a black SUV and started putting her groceries in. The car was spotless. I often wondered why people purchased them when they didn’t seem to use them for dogs or kids or even hauling large objects. My Prius was parked farther down the aisle, by the light, which had been working when I drove in, but was now dark.
I glanced over my shoulder but didn’t see anyone that looked like Tom. There was a slightly-built man walking behind me. He wasn’t paying any attention to me, veering off to the other side of the aisle. I continued to my car. My keys were out when someone grabbed my arm.
I jumped.
“Feeling jumpy?” The voice crackled like soda over ice. I looked up to see Tom’s too pale eyes looking at me. 
“Let go,” I said.
“Why?” he asked. Of course he would ask that.
I tried to push him away, but naturally that didn’t work. I had three bags of groceries stuffed full of cat food cans. I swung one towards him but he let it hit him in the thigh, not giving an inch.
“I’ll scream,” I said, hearing my voice raise. I hoped someone would hear. Even the slight guy I had seen or the woman might at least get word to the police about what happened.
“Wouldn’t recommend it,” Tom said. “I think you’ll want to come with me.”
“I do not want to do anything with you,” I growled. “I said, let me go!” This last was in a shout, hoping that someone would notice. Maybe all those people who were so thrilled to be part of an earthquake would be equally thrilled to be part of rescuing me. No one seemed to come running.
Tom laughed a little. “Not getting much help are you? People around here mind their own business a little more.”
We struggled some more. I managed to drop one of the bags of food. Thankfully it was the one with the pasta and only two cans of food. I’d hate to have to come right back to shop. Tom just stood there, holding on to me.
“What do you want with me?” 
“You know what I want.” One hand reached up to squeeze my right breast, hard. I winced. “You didn’t wince like that other times.” This time he was leering. 
“I didn’t realize what a creep you were then,” I hissed. Mentally I was screaming for Zari A. I thought I could hear her but wasn’t sure. Even if she did hear me, what could she do from that far away? It wasn’t like Peter could come flying down the mountain and rescue me.
Tom was laughing again. He started dragging me across the aisle towards a dark sedan. An SUV smaller than the one the woman was getting into roared towards us and then screeched to a halt just before hitting us. Tom swore.
“Hey, what’re you doing?” It was the slight young man looking out of the car.
“Trying to not get killed by guys like you,” Tom said.
“And you?” the guy looked at me. “Do you need some help or are you with him?”
“She’s with me,” Tom cut me off.
“Help” I said simultaneously. That must have been enough for car guy because he pulled out his phone. 
“We take assault and potential kidnapping very seriously in Whisper. I suggest you let her go,” he was looking at Tom. There was a hardness to his gaze that made me think he was older than I first thought.
“Know all about Whisper,” Tom said. “You won’t get anywhere. All the Old Families stick together so just go on your way.”
“We do indeed,” the young man said, “and I’ve never met you.” There was a slight emphasis on the I and you. He was still holding Tom’s gaze, although the phone was poised for dialing. 
Tom glared back. “You arrogant bastards’ll be sorry. The Spirit of Whisper Mountain will be your undoing rather than your protection.”  He stormed towards the car while I moved as close to mine as I could. The young man pulled his vehicle forward so Tom could back out the other direction. 
“Thank you,” I said, when he got out of the SUV to stand with me.
“Not often I get to rescue damsels in distress.” He was already picking up the cans of cat food, which he placed back in the bag I picked up. “Besides I wouldn’t want your cat to go hungry. Pound for pound they’re the most demanding creatures on the face of the earth.”
I noticed that while he was slightly built, he appeared to be in good condition. The curve of his butt and the graceful movement of his legs suggested a long-time runner. He had dark hair that curled slightly around the ears and eyes that looked black but probably weren’t. 
“Rain McFarland. Happy to be a rescued damsel,” I said holding out my hand after I dropped my bags in the trunk. If he noticed it wasn’t quite steady he didn’t say anything.
“Kyle DeCaire.”  Something about his name rang a bell but I couldn’t put my finger on it. We’d been talking about old families all afternoon so I knew he hadn’t been kidding when he said he was Old Family, but I’d heard his name before. Something must have shown on my face.
“Apparently people have been talking,” he smiled.
“It’s a small town,” I said. “I’m sure everybody talks but I’m not sure why your name is familiar.”
“So long as it wasn’t a disgruntled ex-girlfriend, it’s probably okay.” There was an easy smile that really did make him look younger than he acted or appeared. “Are you staying around here?”
“I have a friend up on the mountain,” I said vaguely. I’d seen people react when talking about Peter. I didn’t want to get into a conversation about how I came to live with him. I wanted to get home.
“I’ll follow you up to Baseline and Main, okay?” Kyle said. “Just to make sure that guy doesn’t follow you any farther. After that you should be pretty safe, no matter what he says about the spirit.”
I smiled, thanking him for his kindness. My shaking hadn’t subsided when I got into the car but I was able to fit the key into the ignition. Kyle sat waiting in his car, pulled slightly to the side so I could drive by. I waved as I passed, watching him pull out behind in the rear view mirror. Maybe I could stay in Whisper after all. Thinking about Tom and Whisper made the knot tighten in my stomach though. Maybe I could stay, but would it be worth it?


MEG

Meg fumbled for her ringing phone while pushing open the door of her apartment, just as the earth started moving again. She dropped her phone and watched it tumble down three of the stairs behind her. She grabbed the door frame, swearing under her breath, hoping the phone wasn’t damaged. As the intensity of the quake increased, Meg began to hope she wouldn’t be damaged either. She managed to turn herself sideways so that the door wouldn’t hit her in the face and send her sprawling with the phone. 
When the shaking stopped, Meg retrieved the phone. It had stopped ringing during the quake but there was no message. Looking at the screen she saw Amy’s name. 
Meg started pushing buttons as she fumbled her keys, kicking her handbag into the small entry hall. 
“Amy?” 
“Yeah, still here,” her sister had picked up on the first ring. “Some timing, eh?”
“Totally. What’s up?” Meg knew she had stuff to ask her sister about but she was wondering why Amy was calling her.
“Strange stuff with the earthquakes huh?”
“Yeah and the body,” Meg said, knowing Amy probably knew more than she did. Amy’s community acupuncture clinic was considered one of the hot places to catch up on gossip. While everyone was supposed to be quiet and relaxed for their healing treatments, everyone loved telling stories about happened to them that week. Amy saw five people an hour at the community clinic. There was always a line in the waiting room of people who came early and those who were finished staying late to talk. Helen DeCaire, Kyles’ mother, kept order during the gossip fests. Amy hadn’t been real happy at first, given that she thought the talking cheapened her healing, but she’d come to terms with the fact that her clinic was sort of an afternoon community gathering place. At some point, she hoped to have enough space so people could just go and talk and perhaps have tea while they continued their sharing. Meg’s father had said he’d let her rent out the upstairs apartment if Meg ever moved. 
The girls had laughed at that, knowing that Meg wouldn’t dream of living outside of Whisper proper, but her bank account didn’t extend to the few homes up the mountain that were for sale. Amy lived in a large townhouse in New Whisper and didn’t mind it. Meg loved the mountain too much to want to be even that short distance away.
“I heard about the body. Echo Heights, wasn’t it?” Amy was clearly eating something.
“Yeah. Kyle talked to a couple of dogs there earlier. I think he went running there again this afternoon. We’ll see what he picked up.”
“Sheri call you guys? I heard a rumor but only one person was repeating it.”
“She did. I’m surprised more people didn’t know.”
“I think Sheri’s trying to keep a lid on things. Sheriffs are here. I did hear that lots of people think the death was suspicious. Talking about the spirit of Whisper Mountain being angry and all that.”
“Yeah right,” Meg said. “The body wasn’t even on the mountain proper.”
“New folks don’t know that.” Amy was still crunching. Meg could visualize her sister in her tidy kitchen eating almonds she’d toasted herself. 
“Old Families should know the spirit can’t do anything past Baseline,” Meg said.
“So are you official yet?”
“No word from the City Council, but RaeLynn talked to Sheri this afternoon. I think it will be in no time. Nothing is quite adding up. The Council trusts Sheri’s judgment as much as I do.”
“Mom’s worried you know.”
“Mom is always worried,” Meg said.
“I guess Gram hasn’t come by to reassure her that nothing will happen. She said Gram has been sort of sketchy about stuff.”  Amy’s chewing paused. 
“You mean her normal ‘I’m not going to tell you because you’ll just get freaked’ stuff or something else?”
“Mom said it was weird, which means that it was something else. She’s more used to Gram than we are.” There was a rattle as if Amy were pouring more nuts into her hand.
“I wonder what’s up?”
“Well if Peter has something to do with it, maybe Gram knows something?” Amy said. Their Gram was their main source of information on Peter Eresh. She seemed to know more about him than most people on the mountain. She was also one of the few people who never seemed intimidated by him. As a result, it was tough to imagine Emma Lawson intimidated by anyone. Peter could be a little scary when he wanted to be. That wasn’t just Meg’s discomfort over approaching a man she had a crush on. That was something everyone in Whisper could agree on.
“I should probably find a way to talk to him,” Meg said tentatively.
“I figured you were dying to do it,” Amy laughed. She sounded like Lacey at that moment.
“Well, yeah. But I haven’t gone up there yet. It’s probably too late now.” That was silly. It wasn’t like Peter kept regular hours or anything.
“Well if it is an earth spirit, he’ll know what’s going on. Getting him to tell you might be a challenge.”
“Yeah. I’m not even sure how to approach the question.”
“Start direct. Gram is always direct so he shouldn’t be surprised by it coming from you.”
Meg was nodding. At least Amy wasn’t acting like she ought to tear the man’s clothes off the way Lacey was. 
“Oh that reminds me. Lacey said the Meiers have a cousin staying with them.”
Amy didn’t flinch at the change of topic. Meg discussed Peter only on her terms. That was true of any topic that made Meg even slightly uncomfortable. Like Lacey, Amy went with the flow. “I heard that. I don’t think anyone really likes him. Helen was saying even Alex was hoping he’d leave soon, but it sounded like he’s trying to buy some property or something.”
“Why doesn’t anyone like him?”
“Did Lacey say something?” Amy asked, knowing the other woman lived practically next door to the Meier’s.
“She thought he was a creep.”
“That’s kind of the general consensus. No one trusts him is more like it. He acts like he knows something no one else does but it’s sort of phony. That’s my take. Helen was out talking to Alex who says Tom was always fascinated by Whisper but doesn’t really understand it. He’s afraid he’ll want to stay in the area.”
“Alex doesn’t like him? Alex likes everyone!”
“I know, so it’s pretty telling isn’t it?”
“I better warn Lacey,” Meg laughed. “She said Tom was creepy. He’ll probably try to come on to her and be disappointed.”
Amy cut off a laugh. “Actually have her talk to Sheri. There were a few comments about him that made me think he might have had trouble with the law. I’d hate for her to get hurt.”
“Can’t happen on Whisper.” Meg both believed and didn’t believe that. The mountain did protect its own. Lacey was definitely Whisper’s own but how would it protect her in that situation?
“Doesn’t mean he can’t hurt her off the mountain. Forewarned,” Amy said.
“Speaking of hurt,” Meg said, “I almost forgot to ask you, did you get injured in the earthquake?”
“No.” Amy’s crunching paused. Meg could almost hear her trying to think of what to say next. Both women waited for the other to continue. 
Amy broke first. “Why?”
“The alarm clock Gram told me to move fell off the table and put quite a gash in my head. Signore got Lacey with his claws.”
“He never uses his claws. He must have been really freaked.” Amy had once done acupuncture on Lacey’s big black cat. It was voluntary of course. Amy’s license didn’t actually include working on pets.
“Angela said that the spilling of my blood and Lacey’s blood may have allowed someone to bind the earth spirit. I was wondering if you got injured as well.”
“Not me,” Amy responded. “Helen did though. She came in limping and I asked her about it.”
“What happened?” Meg didn’t think it sounded like the other had lost any blood, which meant she should be okay.
“I guess she woke up just as the quake started. She keeps a glass of water near her bed on the table. It tumbled off. She got up to set it upright and clean up any spilled liquid, but she hadn’t noticed that it broke. She stepped on a piece of glass. It was right after that the ground really started jumping. She was afraid she’d end up with a ton of cuts because she fell. Fortunately she missed any other pieces. Still, her foot was pretty sore.”
“Tell her to be careful, okay?  I think Angela is worried about all of us. I really ought to go see Gram and try and pry out what she knows.”
“Good luck with that,” Amy laughed.
The two talked a little longer. Meg sprawled on her sofa, tapping her feet against her coffee table as they finished their conversation.


RAIN

“You’re home,” Zari A said in my mind even before I turned off the engine. I could see her pacing in the front window, a shadow with darker shadows behind her. 
“I am,” I thought right back at her. I popped the trunk area so I could grab the bags of precious cat food.
“I was worried,” she said. “I could hear your fear but did not know exactly what happened.”
“You could hear me that far away?” I was surprised. We had never really worked out how far away I could be and still have her hear me. I tried to calculate the distance but the math seemed overwhelming.
“Four and a third miles,” Peter said, showing up on the other side of the car. He grabbed two of the grocery bags from me, following me into the house. That was unusual. Peter could be protective but being helpful with mundane chores like bringing in food was not his style. 
“Zari must have been really freaked out to get you out here to help.” I opened the door to the house, half turning to face him.
Peter raised his eyebrows, questioning.
I nodded to the groceries in his hands. 
“I could leave them to you,” he suggested easily.
“No. Thanks.” I set mine on the counter and began putting things away. I saw Peter glance into one of the bags before letting it sit. He sat on one of the barstools, resting his elbows on the breakfast bar to watch me.
“Tell me.” That was an order. Zari chose that moment to leap up on the bar as well. I rubbed her ears, inducing a nice loud purr. She really was worried.
“Yes,” she murmured in my mind. “I have become fond of you.”
That made me smile. I continued rubbing her ears as I told them about what happened with Tom in the parking lot. 
“You know the name Kyle DeCaire because he works with Meg,” Zari said in my mind, before Peter could get a word out. He nodded slightly as he also heard Zari’s explanation. That made sense. 
“He seems nice,” I said.
Peter lowered his eyes, watching me, neither confirming nor denying the suggestion. He finally roused himself, speaking quietly. “I don’t like that Tom approached you so boldly.”
“He was always like that.”
“He tried to pass himself off as an Old Family. Then he implied that somehow the spirit of Whisper Mountain would become a problem.”
“Tom is a talker.” I wasn’t sure why Peter was so worried about this. I mean, I was scared to death  but it was unlike Peter to react that strongly about anything, especially something that involved a human. It made me uncomfortable, which meant I moved to immediately smoothing things over. Besides, I needed to make myself believe the man was less dangerous than he was.
He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. An unruly shock of dirty brown hair fell across his forehead. The granite planes of his face were still, and only his hand moved as I watched him think.
“He really doesn’t have the power to do anything with the elemental spirits. His family does make it possible that he could have a talent or at least be drawn here.” Peter’s hand dropped to the counter. 
“I wish that if he were drawn here I were drawn somewhere else.”
“He’d turn up there too,” Zari A said. “Your tracks are covered. I’ve gone over everything a hundred times. I even looked at the report from the investigator we hired before leaving California. He never even figured out you were looking for yourself.”
I nodded. I’d changed everything about myself, my style, my hair, my name. Tom still showed up in California. Zari had spent six months directing me places where I  could hide money before I left Michigan. I thought I was home free. Not six months later he’d shown up there. We’d retraced our steps. I’d hired an investigator to find the holes in our escape plan. Nothing. Zari did many of the same things again, helping me hide money and moving money around in an ever-increasing tangle of transfers through corporations that existed just long enough to receive and pay the money out, before finally entering an account for Rain McFarland. Another name change, this one pulled, quite literally, from out of the air. It was storming that day so I called myself Rain. I kept an Irish surname because my family was of Irish ancestry. It was my one vanity but something I hadn’t kept in California. Fat lot of good that did.
My hair got a new style and a new color. I found a different clothing style again, reinventing a past for Rain McFarland before setting out on the road. Zari A kept all the files in her head. We wrote nothing down. There was nothing to leave behind. Nothing for him to follow, but he did. This time it had taken him barely five months to show up. He may have been around sooner and not shown himself though. It made me shudder to think that he could have been watching me.
“How does he keep finding me?” I finally asked.
Peter looked up at that. “This is outside my area.”
I nodded. “I don’t know that it’s anyone’s area.”
“Which is why you want to create a security business that helps women with just such issues,” he responded.
“Partly. I mean the other reason is because of what I used to do.“  I mean it was sort of about me, but I’d been a social worker, working with domestic violence for years before meeting Zari A. I knew how often the system failed women. 
Peter smiled a little, although there was some sadness in it. “I have one thing I can try.”
“What?” I asked.
I was leaning forward against the bar area. He walked over to me, taking my arm and moving me towards the wall next to the kitchen. He pressed me back against it. I must have looked startled because he told me, “This isn’t some weird game to try and get you into bed, Rain.”
His right arm went around my waist and his left pushed my shoulder back. He leaned in as if he would kiss me, but only closed his eyes. I closed mine, feeling him breathing slowly and gently against my ear. I felt myself start to relax. In that moment I could feel the pressure of his mind against mine. It was a sensation that I could only describe as being devoured. This time, unlike the time I had slept with him, he wasn’t trying to invade my mind, but the very cells of my body. I tried to keep myself relaxed and not fight the pressure. I was counting on Zari A to keep my mind a little private.
One moment he was there, helping me stand up, holding me and the next it was as if he had disappeared. I felt myself start to slide, realizing why he placed me against the wall. I felt as if someone were brushing their hands against my hair, except the sensation started in the middle of my back. It was gone just as quickly. Then I could feel Peter standing in front of me again. His arm was still around my waist and against my shoulder, although perhaps that hand had moved down along my arm an inch or so. I could feel the pressure easing off.
I opened my eyes and found myself looking into his. Now he was back and no longer focused on something else. I became very aware of the attractiveness he exuded. My entire body tingled. I starting thinking how easy it would be to unbutton that shirt, kiss that mouth. The slight upturn of his lip reminded me that he was completely aware of what he was doing. I pushed him away before things went any farther.
“So?” I asked, moving back towards the sofa. He didn’t follow me. Seduction is sort of a game to him. If you don’t want to play, he won’t take it personally. He also doesn’t have the ego involvement of a man who just wants to make a conquest. 
“Nothing to tell, except for the slightest hint of tendrils of energy attached to you, which I removed. They were akin to what I sense when the Wiccan Church does a particularly strong ritual down the mountain.”
“What does that mean?” I asked.
“I think you might want to go to talk to someone more educated about Wiccan customs, but I believe that someone may have been performing some sort of locating spell for you. To have it work over such a distance suggests it was powerful.”
“Great. Now I have to find someone who knows about stuff like that. What if I run into the person who did it?” I asked.
“Go talk with a woman down the mountain named Angela Light. She’s been here for years. I expect that if someone hired her to find you, she’d tell you once she knows the whole story. She does her ritual on the mountain because she is trusted to be ethical. Perhaps you can test her,” Peter said.
I nodded. “I’ll put it on my list of things to do. I also want to go down the building and look around. I know that it’s night but Tom knows where the building is.”
“That’s not a good idea. What if he finds you there?” Peter asked. “I’ll go.”
“I want to be there too. I know him. This is about me. I can’t sit up in this house waiting for him to disappear or move on.”
“I don’t like the idea that you’ll be out there,” Peter told me.
“But you’ll be there with me,” I protested.
“I’ll be looking for signs of anyone who shouldn’t be wandering around there, not looking after you,” he protested.
“I can’t not go,” I reminded him. 
Peter sighed, standing in the kitchen. 
“I need to get out anyway. I should walk around. Besides, I’ll know him if he shows up.”
Peter didn’t look convinced, although he finally said, “I’ll meet you there. Drive carefully.”
The last could have been a joke. I’m a very careful driver. When you’re running, even with a fake ID, you don’t do anything that might draw attention to yourself. Driving too quickly or making a lot of mistakes is one of those things you work to avoid. Even so, Peter didn’t like riding with me. He’d be there when I got there. 
He was already gone by the time I grabbed my jacket. At the last minute, I thought about a flashlight. I didn’t know how long I’d be walking around out there. I was going to need light to see by.


MEG

Upstairs in her apartment, Meg started surfing the Internet, although she was unsure of exactly what she was looking for. She didn’t really find anything related to calling earth spirits, although after RaeLynn had failed to find much she didn’t have high expectations. 
Peter would be the expert on elementals, but Meg worried about just showing up to visit him. Peter wasn’t someone who invited people to drop by. Emma told Meg a thousand times, back when a teenage Meg tried to come up with ways to run into Peter, that the man needed his space. Meg was always tempted to push those boundaries but never quite dared. As she had gotten older, she was less inclined to be adventurous where the object of her infatuation was concerned. 
Meg was never quite sure what made Peter so appealing to her. She hated herself for what she considered her weakness. Emma didn’t help, always reminding her that Peter didn’t settle down. She was constantly on Meg about being too romantic. Meg was never sure if her lack of romantic success was due to her own lack of charms, although she knew she was pretty enough, or if she was just so preoccupied with her unattainable dream. Perhaps that was why passion seemed to elude her.
No matter how she felt about Peter, this case very nearly required visiting him. Meg considered putting on her jacket and going out to see if he were there. Instead, she decided to go for a walk. It didn’t appear to be raining. Pulling on her jacket, she half hoped for the sound of a knock on her door but nothing happened. She’d never known the man to turn up on her doorstep outside her lustful fantasies. Walking, she’d be better able to plan how to approach him.
In the hour or so she’d played around on the computer it had rained some more and stopped again. There were fewer people on the streets. Only Allison’s Diner remained open on that part of Baseline. Meg walked a short distance to the corner, turning to walk around the block. No use pacing. She kept hoping Peter would show up. If she had to go find him, she’d do it in daylight. She wasn’t quite sure why it seemed safer to visit his home in the day. Peter wasn’t some vampire where the darkness gave him special powers. Maybe it was Meg’s innate humanness that made her think the light gave her special powers. 
It started to drizzle again as Meg passed by Angela’s place. The lights were on. Meg knew she’d be invited in. She’d be able to chat with Angela and Nick about her concerns and questions. She didn’t really want Angela to pick up on her brooding thoughts about Peter. Angela wasn’t even Old Whisper so she was even less likely to understand than Emma. Instead of going towards the house, Meg walked up the hill to the new building. Someone else was walking around with a flashlight. Meg paused on the edge of the street. She walked towards the building, noticing a large gap in the protective fencing that surrounded it. 
“Who’s there?” a female voice called out just as Meg was considering slipping through.
“Just someone out walking,” Meg answered, unwilling to give her name. She glanced around feeling a little uncomfortable. The building was unfinished, towering perhaps five stories up the mountain. Construction machines sat idle in the dark, casting dinosaur shadows against what little light reflected from the open shops and street lights several blocks away. Meg could see no one else around. At least the rain had tapered off again.
The light came towards her. Whoever was holding it was kind enough not to shine it in her face. Meg was quickly able to ascertain the person with the light was a woman around Meg’s own age.
“You do know this is private property?” the other woman said.
“I was just out walking. If I hadn’t seen your light or heard you call out, I’d have been gone by now,” Meg said. She stopped herself from adding that her father used to own the property. Meg didn’t recognize the woman. She wasn’t police so her interest in the land was likely as the owner. Meg remembered her father saying the buyer was a young woman. Meg’s father wouldn’t have sold to just anyone, which meant the woman was something special. All the same, it annoyed Meg that she was being interrogated by her. 
The other woman nodded. “I’m just jumpy since the earthquake. Things are a little weird, especially in New Whisper.” Meg was surprised to hear the other woman describe New Whisper that way. Few newcomers used those terms. This woman seemed as green as they came. She hadn’t been in town more than six months, if her father was to be believed. It made Meg wonder what her story was. Long lost relative of one of the Old Families? Meg didn’t think so because she’d have heard. She might not be the first to catch the gossip, but eventually it always got around to her.
“You must be Rain,” Meg said without offering her own name. Let the other woman know how Old Whisper really worked.
“You must be Meg. Peter and your father have told me a lot about you,” Rain said.
Meg tried to keep her face neutral, glad that it was dark. Rain surprised her. She didn’t particularly like the surprise. She really hated that Rain seemed to be familiar with Peter. 
“You’re good,” Meg said.
“You look a bit like your father and your sister,” Rain replied. “I go to Amy for acupuncture. I suppose you could have been a cousin but Amy told me you lived over her office. I’ve been told to talk to you after the office is finished. I guess you might be looking for space?” 
“My dad?” Meg asked.
“Among others,” Rain agreed. “I’m not used to small town gossip so I apologize if I surprised you. I figured they’d have let you know they’d talk to me.”
Meg shrugged. “I probably wasn’t listening very closely.”
Rain smiled. “I’ve been known to do that.”
“Staying at the Inn?” Meg asked, referring to the Whisper Inn, a nice bed and breakfast down the hill. 
“I have friends who live a ways up the hill,” Rain said vaguely. It made Meg wonder which family she was staying with. If she wasn’t related, perhaps she was a friend to someone up the hill?  Meg was kind of disappointed she hadn’t heard anything about this from Lacey or even her mother. If Amy had treated her, Meg’s mother should have known. Amy might not have said anything but Kyle’s mother, Helen, would have. Helen had bullied her way into being Amy’s receptionist not long after she had opened her practice. Having created her own job, Helen was free to set her hours. Meg thought Helen did it because Amy’s community acupuncture treatments were such a gossip fest. Helen was not good about patient confidences, even though Amy had talked to her about that more than once.
“What brought you down the hill so late?” Meg asked. “Something up?”
Meg could make out Rain shaking her head in the dark. “I needed to get out. Get some space.”
“I hear you,” Meg agreed, still curious about the other woman. There was more to the story than that, Meg knew, so much so that Rain’s answer bordered on a lie.
“Meg. Rain,” Meg turned around upon hearing Peter’s quiet, gravelly voice in the darkness.
“Peter,” Meg said, greeting him. She should have known. She’d been thinking about him all evening. 
Peter stopped when he reached the two women. Peter looked over at Meg, nearly ignoring Rain. “You needed to speak to me,” he said.
“Yeah. About the earthquakes.”
Peter nodded. “I’m still looking into a few things. Perhaps tomorrow around midday? I’ll plan to be home.”
“I’ll be there,” Meg said, feeling like she had a date, though she knew that wasn’t the case.
“I won’t keep you,” he said to Meg. Peter didn’t move. Meg felt his eyes on her until she had no choice but to leave. Peter was like that. She wondered what he had to say to Rain, though when she glanced back, the other woman seemed to be walking off in the other direction, alone.


RAIN

“I met Meg Barringer, finally,” I told Zari as she demanded an update, impatient as always. 
“What is she like? Will you like working with her?”
“We pretty much just said hello. It’s hard to talk near a construction site at night. I think she seems nice enough, although I’m not sure she likes me much.”  In actuality, Meg wasn’t the woman I expected. If you had asked me what I expected, I couldn’t have told you, although I wouldn’t rule out that my image of her might have been an Amazon woman with a sword, baring her single breast. The sword part, in the right circumstance, I could almost see happening. The bared breast, less so. I did notice something that Peter either missed or ignored about her. The impish little sister in me couldn’t wait to talk to him about that.
   “Why?” Zari asked.
Peter picked that moment to re-enter the house. I was already curled up on the sofa petting Zari. She was in the center. He sat on the other side of her.
“So?” she asked both of us this time.
“I found a few things that could be suspicious. It could be carelessness, but it could be something someone is setting up. I stopped by David’s to let him know. He’ll go over the site tomorrow with the main foreman. He’ll be in contact about hiring security for the site as well. I told him as little as possible about Tom, though I’m sure he’ll have questions for you.” Peter rested his feet on the table.
“Great.”  We fell into a momentary silence giving me a few moments to think. My wandering mind reminded me of my encounter with Meg. I grinned.
Peter looked over. “What?”
“You never told me Meg had a crush on you.”
He looked a bit puzzled for a second. “She’s never acted interested. She’s always rather distant.”
“Un huh,” I grinned again. I couldn’t resist teasing him. I pushed at his leg with my foot, disturbing Zari A, who leaped to the top of the sofa between us. “You missed it.”
“Apparently,” he conceded. “I’ve known women with their share of crushes, as you call it, but Meg doesn’t really fit any of the behavior. She’s rarely around. Even when she is around, there is always a very good reason. She acts quite oblivious to any sort of potential overture.”
“Maybe she’s just shy,” I suggested.
Peter snorted.
“You know that for sure?”
“I’ve seen Meg grow up. Shyness is not in her nature. As I said, in many ways she’s like Emma. If there is one thing you’d never say about Emma, it’s that she’s shy.”
“Maybe she just doesn’t know how to approach you. You are an older man,” I teased again.
Peter sighed. This time he grabbed my foot and held on to it. “I doubt that’s an issue either.”
I grinned, pulling my foot back. He let it go. “Maybe. But you ought to know that I doubt she’ll be happy knowing I’m living up in your house. She was dying to find out what was going on with the two of us out there.”
“Why didn’t she ask?”
“It’s not exactly like you left her an opening,” I said. “And you made it pretty clear that you weren’t going to say anything more to me while she was around. I bet she’s dying of curiosity, and not in a good way.”
“She needed to talk to me,” Peter said. “I needed to set a time to meet with her. Meg is not the sort to just drop in unannounced. Given that Emma does that regularly, I’m not sure where she got her politeness.”
“The same place she got her shyness?” I suggested. Peter glared over at me.
“Oh come on, why are you so resistant to that idea?”
“It’s not the way things work in Whisper,” Peter said that softer than usual, but thoughtful. “Unfortunately why this would happen isn’t something I’m free to pursue right now.”
“I didn’t expect you to set up housekeeping tomorrow. You at least have to wait until my building is done.”
I heard a snort from Zari on the back of the sofa. I looked at her. She gazed back with half-lowered lids.  
“Why are you so sure you’re right?” Zari asked, planting herself on my lap, nose in my face.
“The flashlight gave off just enough light to see her blush when Peter showed up. Not a lot, mind you. If we were walking up that hill, you might think she’d just worked a little harder. And of course, her expression when Peter practically told her to leave while he waited there for me left no doubt.” I watched Peter as I said that.
“I’ve a lot to do,” he said, standing up. If he had an opinion about my observations, he gave nothing away. “I’ll be keeping an eye out for Tom, but stay close to Zari A in case you need to get a message to me immediately.”
“Not going anywhere tonight,” I said, watching him walk through the kitchen towards that end of the house. I doubted I’d see him again that night. I looked at Zari, who was now sitting on one of the chairs by the breakfast bar. She wanted to be fed. I hadn’t given her anything before I went to look at the building. I was surprised she’d been as patient as she was.
“I should have liked to meet Meg,” Zari purred at me. “I would have enjoyed finding out if you’re right about her feelings.”
“Oh I’m right,” I assured her. “I think Peter’s just too used to his woman of the evening. That’s not what Meg wants, poor girl.”
Zari gave me what sounded like a non-comittal grunt. 
“What?” I looked down at where she stood at my feet, looking up at me. 
“I am hungry.” She began to wrap her body around my legs.
“I know that. What was the grunt for?”
“I think there is more to the Meg story.” She was now on the counter as I pulled out the fresh deli turkey I purchased earlier. I was cutting it up in small pieces and adding in a small amount of zucchini. I’d drizzle some chicken gravy I made the other night over it. Zari A was a very picky eater.
“Why?”
She was busy stealing a bit of turkey from me as I started warming the gravy. I picked up the dish I had it in, moving it away from her. 
She glared at me.
“Tell me.” I raised and lowered the dish a little.
“There is just more there. I think, since you mentioned Meg’s crush, Peter is beginning to put some things together, things that he may have noticed before but that made no sense to him. He’s not sure what the whole story is though, but there’s a story there.”
“Do you know what it is?”
“No. Not yet.” She gave me her smug cat smile. I had no doubt Zari would find out what it was. When she did, I’d be either the first or second to know. Whether I was first or second depended upon whether she felt a need to tell Peter first. I set down her dish, drizzling some slightly-warmed gravy over it. 


MEG

The rest of the previous evening had been uneventful. Meg put down her appointment with Peter in her calendar before finishing her laundry. She went to bed, falling asleep easily, but her sleep was plagued with frustrating dreams centered around Peter. She awakened the next morning to another earthquake. Thankfully this one was smaller and didn’t leave her with any more injuries. 
Getting out of bed, Meg was grateful to see that the sky was clearer than the day before. Maybe the weather would be nice for a change. She dressed with more care than usual. She was glad the cut on her head hadn’t started bleeding when she showered. It looked like her hair would pretty much cover it. She debated about a skirt or her black jeans. She’d like to wear the skirt but unless she had a new client appointment she seldom came to the office in anything but nice jeans. If she got too dressed up for her meeting with Peter, even Kyle might notice. She worried he’d tease her mercilessly. 
Meg left her apartment to walk across the street. Hunger had her debating whether she should run into the Diner for a breakfast burrito. Allison made them with corn tortillas. Meg almost turned that way, but thought that Kyle would probably bring food with him. He often did and yesterday was a no food day. She’d have to wait awhile though. Kyle seldom came in as early as she did. Still she headed to the office rather than the Diner.. Meg turned the knob on the front door out of habit. She was surprised to find it unlocked. The bell dinged when she walked in, making RaeLynn stick her head out of the storeroom.
“Hey Meg, you’re up early.”
“Earthquake woke me,” Meg said.
“You didn’t hit your head again?” RaeLynn asked, preparing to act shocked.
Meg shook her head. “I was probably close to waking up anyway so it wasn’t any big deal. Well, other than the fact that I don’t usually wake to the earth moving.”
RaeLynn raised her expertly plucked eyebrows. Her smile widen as she said, “I’m so sorry.”  
“You have a filthy mind,” Meg told her.
“Absolutely,” RaeLynn said giggling. 
“Have you been here long?”
“I just got here a minute ago, but I did do some searching last night online.” RaeLynn settled into her seat with a cup of tea next to her.
“Find anything?” Meg leaned against the wall behind the desk.
“Not much. I mean no one liked Elaine, that’s for sure.”
“Anyone who could have called up an earth spirit?”
RaeLynn shook her head. “Here’s the thing. Everything I found out suggested that Elaine’s friends were all in Seattle or maybe Bellevue. She didn’t know many people here. She didn’t dabble in anything Whisper is known for. She had a horse at a barn just north of Duvall but that’s it as far as the Valley. She didn’t even do much riding as far as I can tell. They were paying someone for daily care as well as housing and feed.”
“They probably lived here because Michael worked out this way,” Meg interjected. RaeLynn looked up, surprised. “I did do a little checking while I was in the office.”
RaeLynn smiled at her, “I didn’t mean…” 
Meg waved the other woman off as her voice trailed. 
Perking up again, RaeLynn started over. “You’re right about Michael, but his last job was in Woodinville and this one is based in Redmond. Unfortunately neither of them paid enough to let them live on Redmond Ridge or in the nicer parts of Woodinville. So it could be a money issue. I mean, they might have been able to get one of the really funky loans but then, no horse, not so many fancy clothes and stuff.”
Meg nodded absently. None of this was new.
“Michael’s friends are in Whisper. I did some digging on him too. He’s been to a number of new age classes, more Wiccan than anything. He’s a regular at CandleBell.” RaeLynn referred to one of the larger new age bookstores on the main street. Candlebell carried a little of everything related to pagan worship. They also had a room in back for psychic or tarot readings and classes. 
Meg raised an eyebrow at that.
“So he definitely had friends who might have called an earth spirit.” RaeLynn nodded back at her.
“Anything point to Michael being the one who called the spirit?”  Meg found herself tapping her foot against the back wall, nodding as she thought. If anyone walked in, they’d think she was listening to music on earbuds they couldn’t see.
RaeLynn shook her head. “He seems to be a dabbler so if he called it, he got lucky. Plus near as I can see, he was in Whisper Proper when the first earthquake happened. From what I understand, he shouldn’t have been able to call an earth spirit on Whisper, right?”
Meg stilled, wondering how to answer that. She and RaeLynn made eye contact. RaeLynn dropped her eyes first.
“Well then,” RaeLynn continued, “we’ll assume I’m right. In that case, Michael couldn’t have done it. So was someone else doing it for him or did he just get lucky when he was on Whisper and the earth spirit couldn’t get him?”
“An interesting quandry,” Meg responded thoughtfully. She was back to tapping, but this time just her hands against the back wall.
“So I started looking at people he seemed to hang out with. Fortunately I have friends at the CandleBell, among other places.”
Meg nearly laughed out loud. RaeLynn never met anyone who wasn’t a friend. The thing was, everyone always acted as if they really were friends.
“I started by looking up other employees of Michael’s work places. One comes up at both work places. Susanne Olson. She also frequents the CandleBell. She’s also done a lot of class work, there and other places around Whisper, dealing with everything from shamanism to basic paganism to astrology and tarot card reading. You name it, she’s tried it. I have a few calls out to friends who might be able to tell me more.”
“Excellent.” Meg was now standing up. “She sounds like a lead.”
“She gets better.” RaeLynn lifted her teacup to her lips, watching Meg. “She was fired from her job at Warren about six months after Michael left to go to work at SRC Enterprises. Both Warren Communications, his last job, and SRC are telecom companies. At Warren they were both in accounting. At SRC, their group is financials, so probably the same type of thing.”
“Go on,” Meg said when RaeLynn paused for a breath.
“Susanne was fired because they thought she might have been embezzling. She was unemployed for nearly two years. About a year ago she got the job at SRC. It’s definitely a step down, at least in pay grade.”
“Although if they thought she was embezzling, she’s lucky she isn’t in jail.”
“Oh they investigated all right,” RaeLynn said. “She still got fired. Nothing, however, stuck as far as charges. She was cleared. Warren Communications, however, got bought out by SRC.”
“And she’s back?” Meg was learning against the desk now.
“Interesting, huh?”
“Yeah.”
“I wonder what happened.”
“Michael worked at both places and so does she. I bet there’s a connection.”
“I wonder how deep it goes?” Meg asked.
“It’s probably not an affair. Or maybe it is and I’m weird, but Susanne’s 54 and Michael is only 39. It seems like a leap. Also her photos don’t make her look that hot. Besides, she takes a lot of workshops on finding true love.”
Meg snorted. “As if that will help.”
Kyle chose that moment to walk in with a bag from the Cuppa, the local coffee shop, and a carrier full of drinks. “Breakfast is served.”
“You’re in a good mood,” RaeLynn said, standing up to take the offerings. 
“I got myself an extra breakfast sandwich, as apparently the Cuppa has been warned that you are not to eat gluten,” Kyle said, flourishing a package over to Meg. “I doubt I can eat it.” 
Meg took it and her chai. “RaeLynn’s right. You are in a good mood. Don’t tell me you’re in love again.”
Kyle grinned. “A most fair damsel that I rescued from an evil wicked man in the parking lot last night.”
“Do tell,” RaeLynn leaned forward, resting her ample bosom on the desk with her arms. Even Meg found herself leaning forward to hear more. Kyle did tell a good story.
“Some jerk was harrassing this woman, so I drove over there and put a stop to it. She’s new in town. Short, curvy, cute. She’s probably closer to your age,” Kyle bent his head towards Meg, “but definitely hot. I think she’d like me. I just hope the guy harrassing her hasn’t completely put her off men.”
“Does this paragon have a name?” Meg laughed.
“Rain McFarland,” Kyle said with a flourish. 
Meg stood rather stunned. The woman did get around, didn’t she? Not only that, she seemed to have an amazing charm. First Peter. Now Kyle. What was up with that? Meg took a long sip of her chai so her silence wouldn’t be noticed. She probably didn’t need to worry. RaeLynn was chattering away at him, filling the space left by Meg’s silence as she contemplated how Rain McFarland managed to go around captivating all the men in Whisper. 


RAIN

I had gotten an appointment with Angela Light for mid-morning. I needed to be down the mountain at her office at eleven thirty. I figured if I left a bit before that, closer to eleven, I could stop at the Cuppa and get a mocha. They made excellent mochas there. I couldn’t help but laugh that it worked out so perfectly that Meg would be at the house only after I was gone. If I wasn’t sure that it would bother Meg far more than Peter, I’d have stuck around to make snide comments. 
I got my mocha and left. I hadn’t seen any of the people I was slowly starting to recognize around town. I liked knowing who was around. I liked it when the baristas talked to their patrons so that I could listen in — it helped me to understand who was related to whom. I liked having that sort of knowledge. I really didn’t need Zari A to tell me I had control issues. I was well-versed in the language of psychological issues myself. It’s easy to have them when you grow up in a household where your parents are more interested in their drinking than their children. 
Angela’s was easy to find. She worked out of a duplex not far from my new building. I’d be able to look out a window from my apartment and see her place if I wanted to. The question was, would I want to? The building itself didn’t look bad, but perhaps a little worn. Angela clearly kept it up although the building itself was dated, a product of another time and other desires. I walked up to the door, reading the small sign hanging next to the door, which told me to come in without knocking. 
I followed instructions. Upon opening the door, I found myself looking at a nicely kept office. It was warm and cozy, with decorations and music that made me want to sink down in the chairs, forgetting the outside world. A red-haired man looked up from the desk when I walked in.
“Rain McFarland?” he asked.
I nodded.
“Nick Montana,” he said, extending his hand. I reached over to take it. He had the rugged look of a cowboy who might actually be from the Treasure State. The correlation made me wonder about his name. When you make one up, you wonder about things like that. There was something about Nick that suggested he might not be exactly what he seemed. What else was new around Whisper?
“Nice to meet you,” I said without thinking.
“Angela is my partner. She’ll be right out. While you wait could I get you to fill out our intake form?”
I took it from him. The first page asked for basic information. Another page explained who Angela was and what she did. I signed to indicate I understood her policies. Then I looked up at Nick. He smiled again. On cue, Angela walked out from the back, taking the clipboard just as I handed it to Nick.
“Rain?” she asked.
I nodded, standing up when she signaled me to come back.
I walked down a hall that had three doors, all closed. Angela opened the door to the second room. Originally the duplex must have had two bedrooms and a bath. I wondered what had happened to the kitchen, but maybe it was hiding behind one of the other doors.
The room Angela led me into was cheerily bright. The walls were yellow with plants decorating the corners. Many of them were fake, as I realized the only window was an east-facing one. There were, however, some plants sitting around that didn’t mind lower light. A painting of a prairie with the sun shining in the sky looked down from one of the walls. A photo of a mountain against a clear blue backdrop hung on another wall. I took a seat in a large stuffed chair that Angela pointed me to. It was covered in a plum and yellow paisley print. She took a seat in another very similar chair. A small round table sat between the arms of the two chairs, there if we wanted it, but not blocking our interactions. Behind Angela, I could see a desk and a computer. A low bookshelf and a file cabinet ran against the far wall under the prairie picture. 
“Nick said you told him Peter Eresh recommended you come here,” Angela said.
I nodded.
“We hardly know him, Nick and I, so tell him I appreciate his trust.”
I smiled a little. If only she knew.
“You wrote down that you seem to have a stalker and he keeps finding you,” Angela got right to the point. “Tell me about that.”
I told her. I talked more about Tom than I had to anyone, except maybe Peter. It was funny. I knew and trusted David Barringer to work on building me a commercial building, the biggest project of my life, but I hadn’t told him about Tom in this detail. With him I kept things sketchy avoiding my own role in the relationship as much as possible. With Angela, I told her everything, down to the ill-fated hook up that started everything. 
I surprised myself further by telling her that Peter sensed the energy binding me as if someone had used a spell to find me. I’d been in Whisper long enough to know that anything about Peter would fuel the gossip mill. He fascinated the people on the mountain, the old families as well as the newcomers. I could understand why, even if I didn’t want to be caught up in the gossip weaving. 
Angela let her eyes fall half closed as she nodded. Then she jerked back and looked up at me.
“I do see a man looking for you,” she said. Well that should have been obvious. 
“Certainly, not a surprise,” she added. “He’s got family here. He’s envious of them. That envy roots in his core. He thinks he should have had what his cousins have, even if he isn’t sure what it is. He thinks it’s magical. He wants that magic. He believes he needs that magic to make him special or to be worthy. There’s a drive in him to do anything or destroy anything to get that magic.”
Angela took a breath, settling back further in the chair. “You are magic to him. He saw you like an Elven queen dancing in a faerie circle. He means to own not only you but what you stand for. He believes you mean success to him. There’s more to it, sexual attraction from a man who doesn’t really know how to cultivate such a thing, but at its root you’ve also become magical. It’s like you’re his quest that will let him in the door.” 
I sat there. She was definitely getting something. While cryptic, nothing she said was outside the realm of what I knew of Tom’s childhood. He was also a huge fan of anything magical. I should have thought of that when Zari A insisted we explore Whisper. This would be a mecca for someone like Tom. What made me think I was safe there?
“You are safe here,” Angela opened her eyes, looking at me. If she noticed I jumped she didn’t let on, just letting her eyelids flutter closed again.
“There is a woman involved too. She’s older. Sad and older. Angry. Fearful. She’s talented. Very talented. More talented than I am, I think. They met in some sort of ritual or maybe a ritual class. He’s supposed to help her with the things she’s angry about. She’s helping him find magic. There is a lot of energy, angry and hateful, both coming from them and directed back at them. She’s the reason he always knows where you are. She has something of yours, like hair or nails, so that she can find you. It takes energy, so she’s not always exact but she gets close enough that where you are can be teased out from the clues.
“She doesn’t like that you’re here. She’s afraid that Tom will forget to help her with what she needs done. She’s not unaware of his selfishness. It didn’t matter so much before, but now it does.”  Angela opened her eyes, looking at me. Shadows played across her face, although the light through the window hadn’t changed.
“So Peter was right. Tom did find me with a spell. Is there anything I can do?”
Angela looked up at me for a moment. “Stay on the mountain as much as you can. You’re protected here. We all are, but you are one who has some special protection. The next few days are sort of shadowy. There is something that must happen soon that will be very unpleasant. Once you get through that, you’ll feel better. There’s so much going on, so much in flux right now, related to the earthquake that I can’t get a better fix than that. It could be that this is all related or that when the nature spirit breaks free that you are no longer so worried about Tom.” 
I sighed. “It’d be nice to have a little more to go on.”
Angela laughed. Her laughter was light and airy like her name. I smiled at her, basking in that laugh.
“Wouldn’t it be nice to have it be so easy?” she asked.
I nodded. 
She smiled at me. “It never is.”
“Don’t I know it,” I replied.
“Be nice to Meg,” she said, suddenly changing the subject. “I think you can have a good working relationship but you need to be nice to her. You like to tease but there are things that are off-limits to tease her about. You need to know that to make it work.”
I looked up, surprised. 
Angela smiled as she shrugged. “I don’t know why that came through. It doesn’t seem related but apparently it’s important that you know it.”
I smiled back at her. This one was easier. I had a hunch I knew what Meg wouldn’t take kindly to being teased about. Likely he was up the mountain doing whatever it was he did during the day.


MEG

“That was Sheri.” Kyle laid his phone back on the desk.
“What’s new?” Meg continued her copy and paste function as she spoke. They’d been working all morning, pulling threads together and following up on leads RaeLynn’s research suggested. Meg continued to make notes about Susanne Olson. Susanne lived only a few blocks from her boss, although they hadn’t worked together when they purchased their homes. It was one of those interesting coincidences that made Meg pause.
“Autopsy is back.”
This made Meg look up, paying attention. 
Kyle leaned back, stretching out his legs, hands behind his head, before speaking. “Dirt in the mouth, down into the throat. Lots of bruising across her body. Signs of suffocation. If she wasn’t found in her driveway, they’d say she was buried alive. Of course, they can’t say that she wasn’t buried alive before being dumped there.”
“Would there be time?” Meg breathed, thinking about it.
“For a human?” Kyle asked. “No. For an earth spirit? Probably. I mean, you can put it on your list of things to ask Peter.”
“That’s just so horrible.” Meg was so caught up in thinking about the other woman’s end that she missed the reference to Peter completely.
“It is. Sheri was pretty sickened by it. I mean, maybe it’s not so bad if you’re buried quickly but this seems over the top.”
“Yeah.” Meg finished saving her document. It was getting close to lunchtime so she needed to think about leaving for Peter’s. “I should get going. I ran into Peter last night so I have an appointment at noon.”
“Hopefully he’ll have answers for us.” Kyle sat up straighter to go back to his typing.
Meg stood up, gathering her things as she got ready to leave the office.
 “If you need to get me, call,” she said to RaeLynn as she waved her cell phone.
Meg walked across the street to her apartment. Her tenant space was covered and reserved, placed across from where Amy and her patients parked. At nearly noon the lot was half full. Amy was probably finishing up her morning appointments. After lunch she would start her afternoon community clinic. The afternoon group clinic was far more popular with her clients. The morning appointments were mostly those who were new to acupuncture and weren’t quite comfortable in a community setting. A few people liked the private chat with Amy. Most people liked the group treatments where gossip swirled the room along with the healing energies.
Meg drove slowly out of the lot. At Main Street she turned up the hill. If Baseline was the dividing line between Old Whisper and New Whisper, then up Main Street meant heading up the road towards Old Whisper and down Main Street meant heading down towards the valley. Meg passed two small apartment complexes and a condominium complex as she wound her way out of the downtown area. The senior center was next. After that it was all homes. The newer homes were low on the mountain and near the street. The older homes were hidden farther back, often on private roads. There were a few subdivisions, mostly on the steeper parts of the hill where the older families hadn’t had any desire to build. Meg followed the road as it rounded the mountain and flattened out for a few blocks. A driveway came down and met the road here and there, but mostly she saw trees. As Main curved left and became Old Whisper Road on the maps, she started to climb again. The turn off for Lacey’s farm was just up ahead. Maybe on her way back, she would stop by for a visit. 
Meg found herself cruising by trees until she came to another curve. Then the road got steeper. It was here that people would start having trouble making it home in the winter. Past that hill there were only three more roads branching off of Old Whisper Road. Each street had three or four homes that belonged to various Old Whisper families. Meg’s family lived off the first road to the right. She passed it and the two others, continuing until the street became a dead end with a t-intersection. Neither direction was paved. Meg turned left. Her grandmother lived to the right. So did four other Lawson families.
Peter’s house was the only home on the left. Meg slowed and carefully drove down the gravel road. Her Honda was good on the hills. It was less useful on the bumpy road that led to Peter’s. The mud on the left side of the road was less packed down than on her grandmother’s side. Few people came to Peter’s home to visit. A walking trail on the side showed more wear.
Meg feared she’d be stuck once when her car hit a deep patch of mud, but she survived. She reached a small gravel driveway where she looked up at the house, tucked into the side of the mountain. It looked a bit like a cabin, but with large windows that offered a panoramic view of the northern valley. On a clear day you could watch the cars driving past the valley farmland on the Carnation Duvall Road. Today was not such a day, with the clouds hanging so low they looked as if you could touch them.
Meg turned off the engine, resting in the car for a moment before getting out. She wasn’t even halfway to the house when Peter opened the door. He stood on the wide front porch, which was angled so that you could enjoy the view. Though it was chilly and cloudy, Peter sat down on one of the chairs on the porch. As Meg reached the front porch, he gestured to the chair near his and she sat. 
A small outdoor heater was lit, surprising Meg with its warmth.
“It’s nicer out here. It’s not so dusty as the house,” Peter offered. “I rarely notice dust, but people have complained before.”
Meg just smiled a little. “Thanks for talking to me,” she offered.
Peter inclined his head, hair the color of newly-turned earth falling across his forehead as he did so. Peter looked over at Meg, appraising her with his fathomless gaze. His hazel eyes held hers for a moment before he spoke. “You’ve come about the earth spirit, haven’t you?” he said, giving her little time to make small talk.
“Yes. Can you give me any insight?” Meg responded, equally all business.
Peter stared out over the valley. “I felt the awakening. The earth spirits have been waking up all over the place in the last decade or so. Some go back to sleep but others are staying awake. This one woke almost fully before it was angered, which, as I am sure you can surmise, was the cause of the earthquake.”
“I think, and so does Angela, that someone bound the spirit.”
“I have been working from that assumption myself,” Peter admitted.
“Do you know how you’d do something like that?”
Meg saw a flicker of movement, like the breeze across sand, as Peter nearly smiled, but not quite. “I’m not sure how any human would do such a thing. It would take several people with great power to succeed. It also took some luck to be working the spell at just the right time. You can’t wake the sleeping spirits just to chat, no matter what faerie stories say.”
“There’s the dead woman too,” Meg added, trying not to stare at Peter too much, although her eyes loved wandering around the granite planes of his face. “She died with dirt in her mouth and down her throat. It seemed like she might have suffocated but she was bruised. They found her in her driveway. Could an earth spirit have done that?”
“Do you really need to ask?” Peter glanced over at her, eyelids lowered slightly.
Meg shrugged. “But why? That’s such a horrible way to die.”
Peter nodded but said nothing. Meg looked up, finding him studying her. When she met his eyes, she seemed trapped by them. As usual she wasn’t sure what she found there, although deep down she kept thinking puzzlement. Meg was the first to break eye contact.
She watched the clouds slowly moving across the valley from where she sat like a goddess in her aerie. “Gram hasn’t called so it’s probably nothing, but Angela was worried.” Meg realized she probably sounded completely confused. Of course, she actually was confused. “The clock fell off my nightstand that night and hit my head. It’s what woke me up. I got a pretty good cut on my hair line.” Meg brushed back her hair. “Lacey got scratched by her cat and that drew blood.”
Peter turned, looking at her. He reached a hand out to touch the spot on her head. Meg felt warmth flood through her body from the spot he touched lightly. “This was during the earthquake?”
Meg nodded. 
“And it drew blood? Lacey’s was about the same time?”
Meg nodded again.
Peter pulled his fingers away from her hair line, he held them below his nose, taking a deep breath in. He held that for a moment before letting a long breath escape. He nodded to himself. Meg watched him, waiting for him to finish. Who knew what kinds of things he’d know just from the scent of her blood. She wondered if it was the blood he was smelling and not something else.
“Is there a problem?” Meg asked finally.
Glancing up, Peter looked at her again. “I suspect it’s possible that if enough people with mountain blood were cut you could bind a spirit. You’re all so in tune with the element of earth. It would focus the energies, giving it a place to ground, so to speak. I suspect there were others who lost blood that night.”
“Helen DeCaire stepped on a piece of glass and hurt herself. Amy told me that,” Meg added.
Peter dropped his chin once in acknowledgement, looking thoughtful.
“Could that have been planned?” Meg asked. “If we all get together can we undo it?”
Peter settled back in the chair, looking out at the clouds. “I doubt that it can be undone by you. I’ve been working on freeing the spirit from its binding but I’ve not had much success. Blood gives me an idea. As to planning, that’s doubtful. I think our earth spirit may have worked its own downfall when it started the earth shaking at just the wrong moment.”
Meg nodded.
“You’re in danger though, Meg. You, Lacey, Helen and anyone else who lost blood. The spirit will know the blood used to bind it and believe you are part of it. It will come after you.”
“Great.” Meg sat back in her chair. Then she thought, “Will you need some of my blood for unbinding?”
Peter smiled, his eyes lightening from the murky dark forest green and brown, becoming more like an open autumn meadow. “I think mine shall be more than sufficient.”
Meg felt herself begin to blush. Clearly it was a stupid question. She nearly jumped when she felt Peter’s hand resting on hers. He was leaning over his chair looking intently at her. 
“I’d rather you stayed in Whisper proper for the next few days. It may take the rest of the day, perhaps into tomorrow before I can free the spirit. You could stay up at Emma’s. It’d be safer.”
Meg tried not to make a face.
Unexpectedly, Peter smiled. “You two are far too much alike, you know. In many ways you remind me of her.” Rather than removing his hand from hers, he was nearly holding it, exerting gentle pressure.
Except for the conversation, the touch might have been sexy. However, being told you reminded someone of your grandmother was anything but. 
A slight smile played around his lips and a glint of humor continued to play around his eyes but he said nothing more. It was as if he knew what Meg was thinking. She reminded herself that while Peter did many things, mind reading was not one of them. Still, she fought not to squirm. Peter’s hand let go of hers, although he continued to trace a design lightly across the back of her hand. 
“What happens to the person who called the earth spirit when you do free it?” Meg shifted and tried to keep her voice steady. She was aware of the fabric of her bra rubbing against her nipples as well as the warmth that spread through her abdomen and pelvic region. She tried not to think of Lacey telling her to take his clothes off. The buttons looked suspiciously easy to undo.
“I suspect that the spirit will turn on them pretty quickly.” Peter eased back into his chair. He removed his hand, but slowly, as if it was an afterthought.
“I guess I keep wanting to know why this happened. If I had a motive, I might find a person. Why earth? If the old families are connected to earth, does that mean one of us did it?”
Peter looked over at her again, thoughtful. “I wonder.” He nodded to himself. It was something he hadn’t thought of then. Meg felt rather proud of herself for a moment.
Peter cocked his head to one side as if listening. He sighed. The listening pose didn’t change, although the playful light dimmed in his eyes. “I believe your Grandmother is worried about you,” he said finally, quietly. 
“She probably knows I’m up here and just wants to see me,” Meg said.
Peter shook his head. “No. Emma is worried. There are more things happening than you know,” he said, standing up abruptly.
Disappointed, Meg also stood. “I guess that means I better head over there.”  She was uncomfortable as she realized how close he was standing to her. She was nearly afraid to breathe thinking that she would inadvertently brush against him. She wasn’t sure she had recovered from his hand-holding yet.
“Should I learn anything of value to answer your questions, I’ll find you.” Peter leaned forward on to the rail. His arm brushed against hers as he moved, but it left a little more space between them. 
Meg started to reply but he added firmly, holding her gaze again. “Stay on the mountain. It’s important Megan.”
The seriousness of the request startled her. Meg moved a step away, not sure how to respond. “Thanks for your help,” she finally said, as she moved down the steps, looking back. Peter inclined his head slightly, watching her. Meg wasn’t sure why but he reminded her of a boy who had just seen his dog hit by a car.
  Meg could feel him watching as she walked to her own vehicle. By the time she reached it, he was no longer standing on the front porch. She shook her head. She could never quite seem to get the ground under her feet around Peter. 
 Meg’s car made it back down the road with a bit more ease than it had going in. It was almost as if the land around Peter’s home wanted people to leave.


RAIN

I’m not sure if Angela’s reading made me feel any better or not. I felt welcomed into her office, even if I did recognize that everything in the office was designed to do just that. There was an underlying energy of sincerity. I had no doubt that if I ran into Angela on the street tomorrow, she’d probably greet me as her long lost friend. I liked that. I wasn’t sure I liked her suggesting there were difficulties ahead. 
My phone peeped at me. I pulled over, across the street from my property. David’s truck wasn’t around but there were other workers there. I watched them as I fished in my purse. As I hit the start key I was reminded of my hair appointment. I’d found a woman I quite liked at the far edge of New Whisper. She was very popular so I knew that a late cancellation wasn’t likely to win me any points. Question was, should I try to go there?
I thought about the drive. I’d go past the grocer with the strip mall connected by the large parking lot. I’d have to turn down another road that went by the Big Church of the Sacred Light or whatever. It sat just past the grocer along the side road, but there was only a field on the left. I think there were a few houses or condos or something and then another large strip mall area. The movie theater was there. It wasn’t a weekend but there would be people around. There were two restaurants within walking distance of the cinema. The street was pretty busy leading down to Duvall, creating a shortcut for those heading farther north. I should be safe enough. At least I hoped so.
I pulled away from the curb to start down the hill. When I stopped at the light on the corner of Main and Baseline, the car behind me kept gunning its engine. Kids. Behind the kid I saw a shiny black truck. Even in the overcast light, you couldn’t see through the front windshield. That made me nervous so I kept an eye on the truck. I actually turned left on Baseline instead of going straight down the hill on Main. I made a circle back to Main, checking in my rearview mirror. No big black trucks. 
This time I went straight through the light, breathing easier. I passed the grocer. There wasn’t a lot of business there at this time of day. I hoped there hadn’t been much damage during the earthquake last night. As I stopped at the stop sign before turning right, a black truck pulled up behind me again. This made me even more nervous. I turned, speeding down the road. The truck didn’t seem in any hurry to catch up but I quickly turned right onto a side street that seemed to go through but ended in a cul-de-sac just around a corner. I swore. If Tom were in the truck, this was not good.
I turned around quickly, hoping to get out of the cul-de-sac before the truck returned. I saw the truck coming up the street towards me from the opposite direction. Clearly whoever was driving had found a place to turn around when they no loner saw my car. I’d probably have a little time to get away as the street wasn’t that wide. The driver, probably Tom, would have to find a place to turn around.
I drove quickly down the opposite direction. I had no intention of stopping to get my hair cut now. I tried to think of what was beyond the strip mall. Not much. The road was winding. It wasn’t as well-travelled as the main road that went to the highway. I needed a place to hide. I didn’t see the truck in my rearview mirror but off to the right was a narrow gravel road. I pulled off, driving just far enough that my car shouldn’t be able to be seen for the trees. I realized I wasn’t actually on a road but on a curved driveway. A ditch with bushes and trees kept the sounds of cars to a dull roar. The ranch-style house was well kept, if older. I wouldn’t be able to stay there too long.
I peered through the trees and brush as best I could. Probably best to just use the drive to turn around and go back towards Whisper proper, I told myself. I waited for the black truck to go by. I happened to look down into the ditch. It was steeper than I thought. Just behind me something seemed to wink at me from the ditch. I turned farther around in my seat to see it more clearly. I realized it was a vehicle. Shocked, I wondered what I had gotten myself into.
I nearly jumped when the black truck went by. It was my chance to get out of there. What was the car doing there? I opened my door. I grabbed my phone as I walked towards the car in the ditch. Closer, I could see it was a green older model SUV. Even closer, I could see that there was something behind the shattered windshield. I held onto a tree to look into the side door. Yes, there was someone slumped over the steering wheel. The driver was in the lower part of the car, so it was doubtful I could get to her.
Instead of trying, I pulled out my phone to dial 911. When the voice on the other end of the call asked me specific questions about where I was, I did my best to answer. There was a number on the house, which I gave, along with the name of the road I thought I was on. The operator continued her soothing talk, asking me questions about the car. Could I see a license plate? Not from there, but I walked towards the back of the car. I couldn’t see it all but I gave her the partial that I could make out. 
Did anything appear to be freshly broken? Looking around, yes, the trees did have missing branches and they seemed to still be hanging there. I don’t know if the questions were to pass the time or gather information or both. At any rate, I was calmer when the first police car drove up. A woman stepped out of the car, alone. She was dressed in a black uniform that either suggested a perfect size ten or else she’d had it tailored. I doubted cops could afford tailoring.
“Are you Rain?” she asked, coming toward me. 
I nodded. 
“Tell the operator I’m here so she can let you hang up okay?” the officer spoke clearly and slowly to me as I were a child. I did as she asked. While talking to the woman on the phone, I saw the officer walk over to the ditch peering down. 
“Oh my god,” she moaned.
I came over towards where she was trying to slide onto the side of the car, probably to try and reach the door.
“Should you be trying to do that?” I asked.
The other woman didn’t answer. I noticed dark curls falling out of a clip behind her head where she’d attempted to secure them. She was crawling across to the back door, probably so that if she did open the front it would actually open. She pulled but nothing happened. She moved to try the back door but the same thing.
I asked if it was locked, but even as I did so the cop started speaking into her radio. I didn’t understand a lot of what she said, but part of what I did hear was, “Keep this away from Meg.”
I couldn’t help but think of Meg Barringer. It’d be a huge coincidence to have her be involved with this but even so I took another look at the body. The hair was too short and too dark to be Meg’s sister Amy. I didn’t think, from the side view of her, that the woman was old enough to be Meg’s mother. I sunk down on the side of the road, looking up in time to see the black truck driving back the way I intended to go. He’d found out I wasn’t up ahead and was looking for me. 
I heard sirens coming up the road. There would be a lot of people here in no time. The ambulance was there first, followed by a paramedic van perhaps a car length behind it. It was another two minutes before the full fire truck was there with another squad car behind it. 
I watched them working on the car, trying to pry open the door, easing the woman out. Watching the limp angle of the head and arms, I didn’t need to hear their conversation to know the driver hadn’t made it. Someone had moved me back to my car but I couldn’t remember when or how. I wasn’t even sure what I was saying. I did hear myself talking about the black truck. Had Tom killed someone to get at me, I wondered? Could he have done something that horrible?  Why was I so sure he was connected to this?


MEG

It took only a couple of minutes to arrive at Emma’s house. Meg’s uncles and two great-uncles lived up on that end of the road. Only her mother and her aunt lived farther down the hill. Most of Meg’s Lawson cousins lived either in New Whisper or in the surrounding valley. One even lived over in West Seattle. Meg couldn’t imagine being that far from the mountain. She wondered what would happen to the homes as the owners got older. Would they leave them to the children or the grandchildren? Or would they be sold to other families?  
Meg pulled up to her Gram’s rambler. There was a detached garage, joined only by a long breezeway on the right. The front porch was covered, although it wasn’t as large as Peter’s. It was more a place for her Gram to decorate with flowers. In the late summer, mums still bloomed in pots scattered about the porch. The hanging pots had mostly been taken down but for two that housed heartier plants that continued to add color through the cooler, wetter weather. The rest of the front held a small yard, tidily mowed, either by one of Meg’s uncles or her father. Bushes edged it, offering privacy and great places for children to hide. To the left side was a line of apple trees and on the far side of the garage stood two cherry trees. There were plums in the back. 
Meg noticed her Gram had already started trimming the bushes. They sat freshly groomed along the edges of the yard. Some of the grasses were already straw colored and dying back. Leaves from the cherry tree were just beginning to fall. There were a few apples that had fallen to the ground, missed in picking or left because the birds had found them first. The main harvest was yet to come, as the branches were heavy with fruit just beginning to turn red. 
Gram opened the door as Meg got out of her car.
“Meg,” she said, as if she were surprised.
“Peter said you wanted to see me.” Meg locked the car. No one would be likely to come up there to steal it but it was a habit she had gotten into.
Emma nodded slightly. “I made some chicken salad if you like.”
“Salad or sandwiches?” Meg asked guardedly, walking up the front steps.
Emma smiled, holding the door open wider.
“Oh I like sandwiches no matter what your mother says.“
Meg laughed. Her mother’s rather new obsession with making sure no one in her family ate anything with gluten, which meant no flour products, was becoming a standing family joke. Meg enjoyed her time with Emma. Everyone always seemed so intimidated by the woman but she’d always been kind to Meg. Growing up, young Meg had been the one allowed to help with the flowers, pruning, and weeding. Her cousins may have been yelled at if they pulled something other than a weed. Meg got a gentle lecture on recognizing plants versus weeds. Meg was never certain what had gotten her most favored granddaughter status but she loved it. In many ways Emma had been a best friend and confidant, calm and serene during Meg’s adolescent storms. 
Meg may have talked to her mother, but she confided in Emma. Eventually her mother usually got around to hearing about the boy who broke her heart, but Emma often knew days or weeks before. The older woman also knew all of Meg’s inner turmoil about Peter. Her mother was not unaware that her daughter still held on to her teenage crush, but Emma knew the pain and frustration that Meg went through. She offered her own wisdom, reminding Meg constantly of who Peter was and was not. Meg hated it, but at least her Gram was there to offer a shoulder to cry on.
The two women walked through the large living area and into the big back dining room. A kitchen was off to the right through an arch. The large table was in its smallest position, seating four. It expanded to seat ten comfortably. When the family was around, another table was set up in the sun room. Two places were set on at the main table with plates already holding sandwiches. 
“It looks delicious.” Meg sat in the chair to the right of her Gram, who sat at the head of the table. It had its back to the kitchen, allowing her easy access for serving.
“And I’m sure it will be.” Emma picked up her own sandwich almost as quickly as Meg dug into hers.
“So what’s up?” Meg asked. “Peter said you were worried so I doubt this is a social call.”
“And why, may I ask, were you up bothering Peter?” Emma wiped a bit of mayonnaise off the corner of her mouth.
Meg finished chewing. “The earthquakes?” She was a little surprised that Emma even needed to ask. “We think someone tried to bind an earth spirit. Peter seems to agree.”
Emma nodded. “He’s busy, of course, trying to free the spirit, I’m sure.”
“He said that.” Meg didn’t like the way the conversation was going.
“Does he also know that you’re part of the reason the spirit got bound?”
Meg nearly dropped her sandwich. “What?”
“Just what I said. Your blood was shed when the binding was going on. Why do you think the spirit was bound?”
“He knows I got cut. But Lacey got cut too. And Helen. So it’s hardly my fault.”
“If you didn’t have your table there the spell would have fallen short. The spirit would never have been bound. And I did tell you, didn’t I?”
Meg nodded before picking up her sandwich. She was hungry, as always, but her Gram wasn’t making it easy to enjoy her food. “Is that why you’re worried?  That I wouldn’t get here for you to tell me what I did wrong?”
At that Emma smiled. “Hardly.” She continued eating as if nothing was amiss.
Meg watched the other woman eat, even as she nibbled a bit more slowly at her own serving. Gram had something on her mind. She’d get to it when she wanted to.
“Did Peter tell you to stay on the mountain?”  Emma asked. She ate a few of the chips she put on each plate.
Meg nodded. She mirrored her Gram, eating the chips, although she still held part of the sandwich in her other hand.
“Are you going to listen to him?”
Meg sighed. “As much as I can. I mean, what if I need to investigate or I’m called into court?”
“The only case you have open right now is this one. Anything else can wait until next week when the danger will have passed.”
“And court?” Meg asked before popping the last of her sandwich in her mouth. She picked up the other half as she spoke.
“Won’t happen this week.” Emma looked up at Meg, as she reached for her glass. “So there’s no excuse.”
“So I can’t investigate this? What about Kyle?”
“Kyle didn’t have his blood drawn.”
Meg nodded, seeing the wisdom of that. “What about Lacey?  She’d not going to cancel farmer’s markets.”
Emma gave Meg a long steady look but said nothing. When she finally spoke she had completely changed the subject. “So have you met anyone who will be giving me great-grandchildren or can I write you off?”
“I’m only thirty-one,” Meg protested.
Emma nodded. “Well, it’d be nice if you got started. I hear that at some point it becomes harder to get pregnant. Amy’ll probably just get herself in trouble and have to get married the way she runs around. I’d like one of my great-grandchildren to be legitimate.”
Meg made a face. “No one right now. I mean Jason wasn’t that long ago.”
“And of course, there is always Peter, isn’t there? As if he’d give you children.”
Meg sighed. “And that’s not why I was up there.”
“I know. You always have a good excuse. You do know he sees through those excuses don’t you?” Emma looked up.
Meg shrugged, wondering if she were that transparent.
“Oh Meg. He’s just not for you, you know. He’s not going to settle down.” 
Meg felt something stirring in her, making her uncomfortably aware that her truth sense seemed to disbelieve at least part of what Emma was saying. She wasn’t sure which part was triggering her instincts, but something was off. Emma knew it wasn’t true either. Meg wondered what her Gram wasn’t telling her. Did Peter have someone else? Or was he actually the one for her?  There was truth and a lie within that statement. Meg was about to ask further when her phone rang. 
She was considering ignoring it when Emma said, “Oh dear. You’d better get that.” 
Meg grabbed the phone as her Gram whisked away the dishes.
“This is Meg.”
“It’s Sheri,” the other woman said immediately.
“Something new on the case?” Meg asked, hopeful. 
“I think it’d be best if we spoke in your office. I’m on my way there now.”
“Sure. I’m up at Gram’s. I’ll get there in maybe ten, fifteen minutes?”
“I’ll see you then.” Sheri rung off abruptly. It wasn’t much like her to be that short, but then again this was a big case. Meg found her anxiety rising but wasn’t sure why.
“I guess you’ll be on your way,” Emma said.
Meg nodded.
“Meg, I’m sorry.” 
Meg looked up. “About what?”
“I just am,” Emma said, not meeting her eyes.
Meg knew it was sincere but her Gram’s expression made her anxiety rise. Was there something she’d be finding out about Peter? Meg did her best to keep herself calm as she finished talking to the older woman. After a quick hug, Meg was back in the car driving down towards her office, wondering what Sheri needed to say in person.


RAIN

No one tells you how much waiting is done at a crime scene. You see people in the cop shows waiting in a car, but none of them feel their lips chapping. They all have blankets wrapped around them and seem as if they’re warm enough. I wasn’t sure I’d ever feel warm again. The shivers running through my body told me that if I was ever going to warm up, it certainly wasn’t going to be soon.
The woman who was first on the scene was talking to the others. A host of people were gathered. As I sat leaning out of my car I saw Tom. He stood behind the small crowd that gathered. When I finally spotted him, our eyes met, making him smile. He slipped away from the back of the crowd and left moments later. I watched the black truck roar down the road once again. I wondered if there was another way around that I didn’t know about. Probably. There were a number of streets that meandered through subdivisions so even if I pointed him out, the police weren’t likely to take me seriously.
“Ms. McFarland?” I looked up to see a tall man with graying hair standing over me. At one time his head had probably been covered with that indeterminate shade of brown that might be called mousy. Now, the gray was edging out the dark. A woman would probably be thrilled to have the mousy hair back. On a man, I was less certain. I could see kindness in the softening of his eyes. A certain wateriness suggested either allergies, which seemed unlikely given the weather, or an affection for the dead woman. I guessed the latter.
“Yes.”
“Kevin Anderson, Whisper Police.” He held out a hand. I took it.
He waited for me to say something, but any conversational gambits I had were gone. I’d been surprised, terrorized, chased, and now I was the finder of a dead body. I might be cool under pressure but these were pressures I wasn’t used to.
When I said nothing, he continued. “Can you tell me how you came to this house? No one is home. In fact, the owner’s at work, which is usual for them. We’ve already called.”
Of course they had. “I was driving down to Jolie’s Hair and Nails. I had an appointment. I saw a dark truck following. Last night a man grabbed me in the parking lot and I just had a bad feeling. I turned onto another road a few blocks back so I let the truck go by. By the time I turned to continue on my way, he was coming back towards me. I saw him make a turn and I was afraid it was just so he could turn the truck around to follow again. I pulled in here to hide from him. I was thinking I’d drive back to a more populated area before trying to call anyone. As I was waiting for him to pass, I saw the car in the ditch. I got out to check on what happened and I saw the woman, which is when I called.”
Kevin Anderson of Whisper Police was making a few notes.
“You told Officer Wyman that your name is Rain McFarland?”
I nodded.
He made a note. “Can I get your address?”
I gave him Peter’s address. He continued writing. I saw the pen start to falter as he realized just exactly where I was living. He looked up at me over the notepad. I did my best to look earnest or innocent or something other than anxious.
“I can check this you know.” He said it like I’d be wanting to change my story.
“It will check out.”
“Peter Eresh is one of Whisper’s most prominent residents. He’s also fairly reclusive, but you’re telling me he just let you come live with him?”
“Peter and I have some mutual interests. When he found I was thinking of staying in Whisper, he offered his home to me until I could set up a more permanent place of residence.”
“Forgive me if that sounds unlike the man that I’m acquainted with.”
I shrugged. As if I were supposed to know just how reclusive Peter was? I had an idea from the way people acted around him and from what Zari A told me—that he wasn’t exactly friendly—but I had no way of judging that. I was still too new in Whisper to be in anyone’s confidence enough to have heard other residents’ stories.
Kevin didn’t push it. “Why don’t you tell me why you want to stay in Whisper.”
“I’m opening a commercial building. Perhaps you’ve seen it up on Fourth and Everett?”
It was Kevin’s turn to nod. “And is that your profession? Building commercial properties?”
“No. I’m planning on opening a private security firm for other businesses.”
“And does this bring you in contact with the sort of people who would follow you along the road for reasons unknown?”
“I haven’t actually opened the business yet.”
Kevin was looking at me skeptically. “Do you know why you were followed? Or do you know for certain that you were?”
I did actually know for certain but not until Tom left the scene. I wasn’t sure how much I trusted the police to be of any help. In Michigan, when I’d first reported him, the police had been helpful. However, Tom had managed a few incidents that made me look more than a little hysterical. To say they lost interest or lost faith was something of an understatement. There’d been one woman on the force who seemed to realize what was going on but I couldn’t count on her to be around if something really horrible did happen. Working as I did with domestic abuse cases as a social worker, I wasn’t just another faceless complainant. I knew many of these guys. However, they still preferred to believe that I was overreacting, perhaps due to the stress of my job, than to believe that Tom was a bad guy. He did come across as normal. He gave all the right answers. I wasn’t sure I’d have persuaded myself if I hadn’t experienced it. Because of that, I took no chances. Now I ran. Of course, since coming to Whisper, I realized I didn’t really want to run.
“I don’t know,” I finally responded. Better to be thought to overreact over nothing than to point fingers at Tom only to find that his old family connections trumped my living at Peter’s. It was certainly possible.
“Did you recognize the car you found or the occupant, either when you called or later?” Kevin changed the subject.
I shook my head. I might have seen the woman in town, but I didn’t know her.
“You’re free to go from the scene,” Kevin said, closing his notebook. “However, please remain around Whisper. If you’re going to leave town for more than a day trip, please leave us a contact number other than your cell phone and address where you’ll be staying.”
“Exactly what else do you think you would need from me on such short notice?” I asked, lifting my head.
Kevin gave me a level gaze. There was nothing soft in those eyes now. He was all business. “I have no idea. However, there are a number of things about your actions that need following up. Should any of them not check out or any of those answers not seem completely kosher, we’ll be talking with you again. If there’s anything to this woman’s death that wasn’t an accident, you’ll be the first person we look at. I don’t care how prominent Eresh is. I knew this young woman. I’m the one who has to go inform her family.” 
“I’m sorry that she’s dead. While I can appreciate that you want someone to blame, I only happened to pull in here because I was scared I was being followed. I had a stalker once. It’s why I moved so far away from home.”
If I hoped for sympathy, I was wrong. As Kevin walked away, I didn’t get the sense that he was trying to blame me for something I didn’t do, but I was an outsider. It was funny. As I got back in the car, I realized I hadn’t ever really felt like an outsider. In general, I’d been welcomed into Whisper by the business owners in town. It was like my life was charmed. Now it seemed, that was all about to fall apart.
I turned in the seat so that I could close the door. Starting my car, I glanced in the rearview mirror. Kevin Anderson was talking to a man by the fire truck. Another man was pointing to something in the street as I signaled to go back towards town. My hair appointment was long over. I didn’t have the stomach to call just yet. I’d reschedule later. I wondered if what they found on the street would make me more or less a suspect in what had to be a tragic accident. Of course, if I needed an alibi, I always had Peter and Zari A.


MEG

“What’s going on?” Meg asked, as she walked into the office. The anxiety she started feeling at Peter’s was growing. The knots in her stomach were re-tying themselves tighter and tighter. She felt her shoulders weighted down with dread as she saw Sheri turn slowly towards the door. Sheri had tears in her eyes. Glancing around, RaeLynn did as well and she quickly lowered her head. Kyle was leaning against the desk but looking back towards the store room. 
Meg thought first of her father. Then her mother. Although Emma had seemed sad at some point, she’d hadn’t been unduly upset. It wasn’t her mom. This couldn’t be about Peter either. RaeLynn didn’t know how finding out Peter was with someone else would affect her. It wouldn’t make her cry. Deep down Meg knew that whatever happened was far worse. She hoped Lacey would be home later so they could have a drink.
Meg’s stomach sunk a little farther. Lacey. Lacey who had gone to sell her products at the farmer’s market. Lacey who shouldn’t have gone off the mountain any more than Meg, but would have left early that morning. 
Meg looked at Sheri, waiting. Her hands stuck in the sleeves of the jacket she was starting to pull off. She’d gotten wet running across the street when the rain started falling. Something was wrong and keeping the jacket on would protect her.
Sheri walked over to her, grabbing her hands. “Oh Meg.”
“Lacey?” Meg asked, her voice shaking a little.
If anyone was surprised that Lacey was the person Meg was most worried about, no one showed it. Certainly Kyle and Meg talked about the coincidence of the cuts. He might have had an idea. Sheri just nodded, squeezing Meg’s hands. 
“What?” Meg choked on the rest of it.
Sheri told her they’d found Lacey’s car in a ditch on the way down to the Valley. It was just luck that a woman had pulled into a drive to let a truck go past. Meg sensed more to the story but didn’t care at that point. Sheri had been the first on the scene but hadn’t been able to get to her. When the paramedics got there they confirmed that she’d been dead for hours.
“Was it fast?” Meg asked, dreading the thought that her friend had lain there for hours suffering. What would it have been like to be alone, knowing you were dying but not have anyone to rescue you? 
“From the blood it looks like she took quite a hit on the head. Her airbag deployed, but they think when she rolled she must have injured her head. Even if she didn’t die right away, she was most likely unconscious for most of the time.” Sheri didn’t mince that truth, knowing that any hint of untruth was likely to cause Meg far worse pain than knowing exactly what happened.
Meg backed up a little so she could sink into one of the waiting room chairs. She had three of them settled in the corner by a little table with magazines. The chairs weren’t comfortable but she didn’t think she could stand any longer. The knots were loosening but with them she felt her stomach start to rebel. She was going to be sick. The earth started moving at just that moment, rolling with her stomach. Sheri fell into Meg on the chair, Meg’s body keeping her from falling through the window. Kyle managed to grab the desk. RaeLynn had her eyes closed, opening them only when the earth seemed to stop moving. 
“Peter and Gram warned me about going off the mountain,” Meg breathed. Sheri looked puzzled.
“Lacey and I were both cut the night of the first earthquake. We think, well, Peter says that an earth spirit woke that night but someone was trying to bind it. Lacey, Helen, and I and probably a couple of other people were injured. Her cat scratched her drawing blood. I got hit by my clock, which drew blood. Peter thinks those things may have allowed someone to bind the earth spirit. It wants revenge.”
“Then shouldn’t you be back home?” Sheri asked.
“I think this is close enough. I’m just across the street from Whisper proper.” Meg looked up, hoping for confirmation from her friends that she was okay there. Kyle was rolling his eyes, probably annoyed that even after Lacey died she was trying to avoid listening to someone else’s advice. RaeLynn was crying again. 
Whatever Sheri would have said was stopped when her radio buzzed. She moved to the door, opening it to step outside before speaking. She quickly poked her head back in.
“There’s been another murder. Down in Tamany Heights.”
“Name?” Kyle asked, now all business.
Sheri shook her head. “Can’t give that out yet. But it looks the same as Elaine Whitcomb.” She paused looking over at Meg. “If Kyle comes down, I won’t say anything. If I see you down there, I’ll take you in for obstruction of justice. We use the holding cells for that and I’ll hold you until I let Peter and Emma know what you were up to, do you understand?”
Meg nodded, sniffling. As if she’d just forget about what happened to Lacey.
RaeLynn sniffed again. She was already typing.
“What have you got?” Kyle asked RaeLynn before the door was even fully closed behind Sheri. Meg was standing now, her mind occupied by something other than Lacey’s death. She needed to know who was behind this. Her best friend was dead because of that binding. Younger women laugh at the phrase “best friends forever” but she and Lacey had been, only Lacey’s forever ended all too soon.
“Stephen Richmond, Susanne and Michael’s boss at SRC lives in Tamany Park. As does Susanne Olson. I thought I heard Sheri say “him” when she was talking, so I’d bet on Richmond. Besides, he’s not the one who could call an earth elemental. She is.”
“You check on him?” Meg asked.
RaeLynn looked over at her, looking vaguely insulted. “Of course. I checked everyone. And Richmond was close to these people.”
“I wonder how many other folks got cut the other night?” Kyle asked.
Meg shook her head. “Your mom cut her foot. I don’t know who else.”
“Well you’re going home,” Kyle said. “You can work remotely tomorrow, either from your apartment or at Allison’s. For tonight, go up the hill and spend time with Lacey’s family.”
It was like being hit in the gut. “I want to know who did this to her.”
Kyle shook his head. “You have a good idea of the “what” that did it to her.”
“She wasn’t buried,” Meg protested. “Her car was run off the road. It might not have been the earth spirit.”
RaeLynn looked like she agreed. “It doesn’t exactly fit.”
“Maybe it was a crime of opportunity and it didn’t want to bury the whole car?” Kyle said. “Or maybe because her blood bound it, it needed to shed her blood?” 
Meg sighed. 
“It’s not worth the risk. You can work on the computer if you want to work but I’ll guarantee you that visiting Lacey’s family will be as important to them as anything you do to find out what happened.”
“But you don’t think it was an accident either?” Meg sniffed.
Kyle drew back. “Please. We’re talking about Lacey here. It’s not like there was a patch of ice on the road that she could have missed. Before you got here, Sheri said there weren’t any skid marks. Believe me, if she had rolled to avoid something, she would have skidded. Of all the people that drive around here, Lacey was the least likely to make an error that would cause her to end up in a ditch.”
Meg nodded. She thought about Lacey always describing herself as the careful, cautious one. 
“Go ahead and see what you find out, okay?“ 
Kyle nodded. Meg and RaeLynn watched him go out.
“Are you going to be okay at home or do you want me to come over now?“ RaeLynn asked. 
“I‘ll be fine. Besides, Kyle‘s right. I ought to go visit her family.“
RaeLynn got up, coming around the desk to give Meg a long, hard hug. “I‘m so sorry honey. We‘ll all miss Lacey but not like you will.“
Meg managed to extricate herself before she was completely blinded by her tears. She left quickly, not wanting RaeLynn to see how her impulsive act made her break down. 
Outside, Meg pulled her jacket collar up, but the rain passed again. The street was ashiny wet, so it had been a good shower. Meg walked to the corner, intending to cross the street to her apartment. She glanced down the road that led into Tamany Park.  Just behind her building on the lower part of the hill there was a path that led down into a meadow area where birders often walked. A path circled the area, running through trees, crossing a small creek. On the far side, away from Meg’s building, there was a long sheer cliff. In the spring sometimes there was a waterfall created by runoff from any snow. In late summer, climbers used it to practice. It was a place Meg was not unfamiliar with. It was one of the few places Lacey agreed to try climbing. Meg struggled to remember who had gone with them as Lacey never felt comfortable on belay.
Meg’s glance lengthened into what could only be called a stare, except her eyes weren’t seeing exactly what was before her. Then, without thinking about it, Meg was walking down the stepped slope to the meadow so she could cut across the back way to Tamany Park.


RAIN

“I had a visitor from the City Council checking up on you,” Peter said. He was waiting with Zari A, watching for me. The cat was pacing around, while he stood dominating the entry area when I came in. He didn’t own a phone so if anyone did check with him about my address, they’d have to come up to the house. 
“Apparently you found Lacey Forsythe, dead,” Peter continued looking at me.
“I don’t know who I found. Just that it was a woman in a car.”
Peter nodded.
“Lacey was Meg’s best friend. Meg is going to be very upset,” Zari A supplied. 
Peter moved over to the sofa to wait while I sat down. I didn’t so much sit as sink. Zari A immediately leaped up on to my lap to stick her nose in my face. She started purring when I started rubbing her back. 
“What were you doing that allowed you to find her? Brad didn’t give me much information.” Peter was leaning back, watching me and Zari rubbing noses.
“I went to Angela’s like you said. She really didn’t tell me anything new, except that she thought whoever did the location spell was powerful, more powerful than she was. After the appointment, I realized I had an appointment at Jolie’s. It was too late to cancel, so I decided it was in an area with enough traffic to take the chance. I thought I’d be safe there.”
Seeing Peter continue to watch me, I realized he wasn’t going to ask questions, so I continued to tell them about the adventure with the truck that led me to find the car in the ditch.
Peter closed his eyes for a few minutes. “I don’t like this at all. Tom seems very connected to everything going on, not just with you but with the earth spirit thing. I don’t like that he thinks he can somehow influence what he calls the spirit of Whisper Mountain. I’d rather you stay as close to here as possible. I don’t think his goal is to kill you, just to scare you into doing what he wants. Unfortunately I’m distracted enough right now that I can’t fully protect you the way I’d like.”
“Angela said that there would be a few things that would happen that I wouldn’t like but then everything would ease up. I’m not sure what any of that means but that’s what she said.”  I continued to rub Zari A’s ears.
“Do you think that Lacey was killed by Tom?” Zari A asked. I could tell she was asking Peter. I wanted to say no but was waiting to hear what he would say.
“I don’t know. I’m concerned that this is a different type of killing from the woman the other day. This could mean it is not the earth spirit, although I suspect that it was. Lacey’s blood was drawn at the right time. If the earth spirit were to suffocate her, it would have had to bury her car. That would take far too long for her to die and no blood would be shed. Instead, making the car roll would be easy enough. There are many things in there likely to draw blood. It’s a much smarter move. Still, it leaves open the possibility that someone else, someone human,  killed her.”
“Do you think that whoever called the earth spirit knows that’s why she’s dead?” I asked. If Tom was involved, was he there because he knew and was keeping an eye on things or was he just there for me?
“I haven’t any idea. I suspect that they wouldn’t want the earth spirit killing those who helped bind it. Redrawing such blood has allowed the bonds to loosen significantly. I’m farther along than I would have believed.”
“So the earth spirit stands to gain.”
Peter nodded.
“Could someone else be working to free the earth spirit?  Like Meg?”
“Meg would never have injured Lacey,” Peter said. 
“Someone other than Meg but who had the same interests. Could they have killed Lacey?”
“You mean like me?” Peter smiled, calmly.
“I didn’t mean you either. Just another person out there? Someone who might not know they would be hurting Lacey but did so inadvertently?”
“Not likely. They’d have had to know Lacey’s blood was used and target her. If they didn’t know who she was, how could they make sure she died and not just the next person down the road? It would leave far too much to chance.”
We sat back, looking at each other. Zari’s ears went back. An instant later the earth began to move. Peter closed his eyes and it stopped it again.
“So our spirit is still not happy?” I said.
“No.”  Peter was glaring at the far wall as if that could change something. Zari A was back to headbutting my face. I was back to rubbing her back. She finally decided to walk around in three circles and settle on my lap. I let my head fall back. I wanted to close my eyes but the minute I did so, I was back beside the ditch looking at the car. Even so, I was exhausted and began to doze. I could feel myself floating around when I heard Peter swearing.
“What?” I sat up, opening my eyes. 
“Meg.”
“What about her?”
“She just left the mountain.”
“Could she be going to Lacey’s family?” I asked. Certainly that would be a common thing.
“The Forsythes continue to live up the mountain so that’s unlikely. No. Meg left for some other reason.”
I glanced at my watch. I hadn’t been dozing for very long. So much for that. 
Peter stood up, starting to pace. He seemed to be tracing lines in the air again, although this time his gestures were larger than those from the other night. He was shaking his head. 
I stood up to get a drink of water. Zari protested but Peter didn’t seem to notice. The cat jumped back on the sofa, curling up in my spot, glaring at both of us. She hates being left out and both Peter and I were most definitely in our own little worlds.
“I need you to go down to Baseline.”
“What?” I almost choked. “What if Tom is there?”
Peter shook his head. “I doubt he is. Call David and have him meet you. He should still be at the building site.”
I looked over at him, still unsure. 
Peter pushed his hands forward, as if shooing me away. I felt as if someone were physically pushing me to start moving. I found my phone, calling David as I walked out the front door.
“What is up?” I heard Zari A ask. I sensed that once again she wasn’t asking me but Peter.
I couldn’t hear if he answered, which was too bad. It’d be nice to know what I was responding to.


MEG

Picking her way down the trail, Meg gave only the briefest of thoughts to the risk she was taking. She wasn’t going far from the border of Whisper at all. The earth spirit would have to notice her. This close to where Susanne lived, it would probably be more careful about harming her. Besides all that, she really needed to see what was happening. Finally, moving kept her from thinking about Lacey.
She’d met Lacey back in preschool. Meg had tried taking one of her tractor toys. Lacey had hit her over the head with it. Meg had gone crying to the teacher. In Meg’s memory the teacher told her she should have minded her own business. In Lacey’s, the teacher coddled Meg’s every whim for the rest of the day, while she, Lacey, had been given a time out. Meg remembered arguing about the story on more than one occasion, usually when they were meeting someone new for the first time. 
Meg tried to remember if she told the story more or if Lacey did. That was another bone of contention between the two women. Meg told it to Glen, probably because she was the one meeting him. They’d never had a chance to share the story with Jason. On first meeting Lacey, he’d been too intent on charming her with his stories that she never got the chance to say anything. There hadn’t been a later because Jason had decided Meg just wasn’t that interesting. 
Meg sighed, glancing around. She was at the fork. To her left was the climbing wall. That part of the path would take her farther into the trees and around to the subdivision. If she kept to the right, she’d be walking on the edge of the tree line, able to look across the meadow and pond to the road. That way was shorter but Meg was more likely to be seen by someone she didn’t want to be noticed by. She went left.
The trail was muddy but not so muddy that it was slippery. Fortunately Meg never knew what a day at work might require so she was dressed for walking along the trail. The branches hung low, wet with rain. Meg could smell the damp evergreen smell that was so familiar to the area. Deciduous trees were starting to drop leaves that had begun to turn, mixing with the pine needles that littered the path all year long. It would be a pretty day, mysterious in its dampness and silence, if Meg were there for any other reason. 
She was making good time as she hiked along the path. She noticed nothing out of the ordinary until she came to one particularly deep footprint. Someone heavy had been through there. Meg paused, looking around. She didn’t know anything about tracking but she thought if there were one print, perhaps there would be others. She saw no more. Along the edges of the trail some of the bushes were trampled, but to her untrained eye there didn’t seem to be any particular regularity to it. 
Mentally Meg made a note that she wanted to learn to track people. Maybe she could volunteer for search and rescue. That would give her a better frame of reference and probably the contacts to meet someone who really knew their way around. She began to walk more slowly. She could hear stray drips from the pine needles around her hitting the ground. She realized she heard nothing else. The birds were silent. No rabbits rustled beneath the damp ferns. Even the air seemed to be holding its breath.
Meg moved slowly, trying to be as silent as she could. No longer just a woman running from painful memories, she was now an investigator with a mission. After three steps, Meg thought she could hear a voice. She crouched down, trying to make herself as small a target as possible and crept a little farther forward.
“Your turn was Stephen,” a male voice was saying. “It’s mine again. I want him gone.”
“He still hasn’t gotten Michael,” a female voice said. “I’m the one who did the calling.”
“It was my blood,” the male said. Meg wished she dared creep farther forward to see who was talking but she didn’t. She suspected the woman was Susanne Olson. Who was the man?  He thought his blood helped. He’d have to be someone she knew. Meg didn’t recognize the voice. She worked through her memory as the two of them argued more about who to go after next.
“Michael Whitcomb needs to be taken care of,” the woman said. 
Meg’s head popped up. So Michael wasn’t part of this. However, his name made her think Susanne Olson once again. She wished she dared look so she could later identify the speakers.
“Such a waste,” the man said.
“The man you speak of is on Whisper Mountain and he’s protected there,” another voice said. Meg heard a hollowness that made her shiver. She crouched down even farther, trying to make herself invisible. If it was the earth spirit they were talking to, would it know she was there? It would know what happens on its earth and it appeared that this would be part of its territory. 
“It’s not a waste. He’s the one who ruined me.” Meg could hear the anger in the woman’s voice. 
“You got his wife. Hell, he’s a suspect. Too bad you didn’t specify that Stephen needed to be killed differently. They might even have arrested him.” The male voice was triumphant but also impatient. Meg still couldn’t identify it. 
“He’s the one who did it. He set me up. Richmond was a pig but I wasn’t going to have him tortured the way you want people tortured.”
“Yeah, well, that Peter Eresh won’t know what hit him when this gets a hold of him. We should send it off to get him too.”
“I do not know this Peter Eresh that you speak of,” the hollow voice said.
“Some big wig on Whisper.”
“If he is on the mountain, the spirit there is awake. I cannot trespass.”
“You aren’t the spirit of Whisper Mountain?” The man seemed surprised.
“He has been awake all this time. It is unlikely you would ever bind him no matter how much blood you spilled in your efforts, although I would welcome you to try. Free me and I’ll guide you.” 
The man snorted. Meg could almost hear the spirit breathing.
“Get Whitcomb like we’ve said. He can’t stay on Whisper forever. Neither can Peter Eresh so take him out when he leaves.”
“I will do what I can,” the hollow voice said. “May I have your leave or must I attend to any of your trivial whims?”
“Don’t forget,” the male said, “I’m the boss.”
Meg felt more than heard a chuckle. It moved through the trees like a chill wind, getting under her skin and making her shiver. 
“You have a certain level of control for a short time. I will not be bound forever, ” the hollow voice promised as it moved away.
“Good luck with that,” the man laughed.
“Stop goading it,” Meg heard the woman say. “I’m having enough trouble controlling it. It’s like fighting a dog on a leash. It’s only a matter of time until it gets away. I was barely able to hold it initially and it gets stronger hour by hour. I’ll be lucky if it doesn’t turn on me.”
“Let’s do another ritual,” the man said. “We can do another binding.”
“I’m not sure that would work. Let me look at my books and see what we can do for another spell.”
“What time should I meet you?”
“Let’s meet at dusk. The police should be gone by then.”
Meg huddled back against the tree, hoping that wherever they were when they left their area they’d not see her. She looked around to see if there was a hiding spot off the trail only to be startled by a dark shape next to her.
“What—?” she breathed.
“Your blood indeed.” She could hear the hollow voice, smell the damp breath of earth against her face. Then hands grabbed her feet and she was sinking. Meg struggled as best she could. Was this what happened to Elaine? Thank heavens it wasn’t what happened to Lacey. As the earth started to cover her face, she gasped one last breath, trying to take in as much as she could, although what good it would do she wasn’t sure. Dirt got in her eyes before she closed them all the way. Although she tried to bring her hands up to her face, she couldn’t move. Meg was trapped beneath the surface of the earth.
Would the spirit know when hers fled? Meg found herself wondering. Could she possibly hold her breath long enough that she could be released in time to be revived? The pressure in her chest had built up unbearably. She found herself breathing out all at once. She stopped herself from breathing back in. How long could she hold out? 
Meg felt blackness around the edges of her mind. She knew if she lost consciousness she wasn’t likely to ever regain it. She was only keeping from breathing in the dirt by sheer force of will. Just as she was about to open her mouth, to take that last fatal breath she was pushed up out of the earth, gasping. The shadow hovered over her, tainting her first breath with the taste of damp earth, or perhaps that was just the dirt she had swallowed. Meg could see a vaguely human outline but it didn’t seem still. It was more like a cartoon caricature of a shadow than anything natural.
Meg coughed. She must have gotten some dirt in her lungs because she couldn’t stop coughing. Everything felt so heavy. Looking down at herself, Meg realized she was covered in mud. 
“Do not think I am foolish,” the hollow voice growled. “To kill you so close to their ground is to take the chance that your blood would re-bind me rather than unbind me. And I will not kill you without drawing blood, do you understand?”
Meg nodded.
“And you have the smell of the other upon you. There is a thread of protection that weaves its way through your body and your soul. There are plans for you, although I don’t see what. For now, you may walk your path.”
Meg was still coughing but she managed to push herself upright with the help of a tree. She stumbled around in the direction the shadow seemed to point. She was finally able to take a few deep breaths but she was cold and light-headed. The walk back seemed farther than she wanted to contemplate but she thought she might manage it.
The pine needles that lined the path were slippery in their wetness and Meg fell more than once. She had a hard time making her body move the way it normally did. Even her chest didn’t want to expand the way it should. There was a stabbing pain in her left side each time she took a deeper breath. Could she have a broken rib?
The shadow seemed to be following her, pushing her along for a few steps. Meg was surprised to see that she had walked nearly to the fork. She had no idea how that happened. She could hear rustling in the underbrush there. Whatever lived in the forested areas had come back. She could see the steepest part of her hike ahead. She hoped she could make it up it. 
Meg put one foot on the hillside and paused before bringing her other foot up. Then she did the same thing again. Her walk was slowing down. She was shivering, she knew. It was far too cold to be as soaked as she was and outside. She wasn’t able to think clearly. Meg kept pushing herself. She remembered when she took that wrong turn into the forested areas on Whisper. She’d been tired but finally she’d been found. No one would need to search this time. She had only to make it to her office. Her apartment would be better but that seemed a galaxy away, across the large Baseline road. RaeLynn may be angry with her but at least she’d help before yelling at her.
Meg looked back once. She thought she saw movement down at the bottom of the hill when she was halfway up. It was probably the earth spirit watching her. She continued up the hill. She made it halfway. She leaned down at one point and practically crawled up the hill. Then there was a small tree, which she grasped to help her stand up again. She could see the street. It was just above her eye level.
Meg wasn’t sure how she came to be lying on the ground. Her side ached, a deep frightening ache. What had happened? Something hit her. Meg turned to look again, in time to see a woman pulling her leg back as if she were going to kick her again.
Disoriented, Meg put her arm up to protect herself, and getting in position where she would have a chance to hit the other woman’s knee. Before she had a chance to try her luck, she heard someone above her.
“What are you doing?” an unfamiliar voice called out.
Meg tried to turn to get a look at who was speaking. Her hair, which had come unbound in her moment beneath the earth, blocked her view. 
 “I was just helping her.” That voice belonged to the woman Meg heard in the wooded area. She had to assume it was Susanne. Her home wasn’t far from there.
“With a kick?” the first voice said again. Meg pushed her muddy hair out of her face. She was surprised to see Rain standing a few feet from where they were. The young woman looked terrified though Meg could see determination in her eyes. Noticing Meg’s look, she moved toward her and held out a hand. 
“I didn’t kick her,” Susanne protested. Meg took Rain’s hand letting the other woman pull her to her feet. They both backed away from the third woman. Meg’s dazed mind automatically took in her brown and gray streaked hair, the slim build and the pale eyes. She looked dirtier, a little more worn, worry lines extending father from her mouth, but Meg thought she matched the photos she’d seen on her computer earlier.
“I know what I saw,” Rain said. To Meg she said, “Can you make it up the hill?”
“I don’t know,” Meg replied. 
“Try,” Rain said without looking at her. She turned back to Susanne. “I have a cell phone and I will call the police if you try to follow her. Please head back down the hill.”
“And I should listen to you why?”
“Because I’ll call the police if you don’t. This way you can make up a story before Meg calls them on you.”
The other woman seemed about to say something but thought better of it. She turned and made her way down the hill as Meg made her way up a few steps at a time, pausing when she needed. One step was followed by a brief rest. She felt like she was climbing Everest though it was only a few feet up the hill. Just as she thought she couldn’t go any farther, Rain caught up with her and put her arm around her back.
“You’re filthy,” Rain said.
“Long story,” Meg said.
They were less than three feet from Baseline Road. Meg could see the lights on the street. People were milling around talking. Across the way, near the acupuncture building, Peter stood watching, shaking his head. 
Meg felt humiliated, but of course he would know what had happened. She scanned the area, surprised that she didn’t see her grandmother. A man hurried around the acupuncture clinic. When he got close enough, Meg realized it was her father. He came running down towards her, hugging her to him. He carried her across the street to her apartment.
“I told you not to go off the mountain,” Peter said softly. Beneath the softness lay a warning that no amount of yelling would ever convey. 
“I had to check out the murder.”
“Let’s get her upstairs and in a warm bath,” Peter said to her father, acting as if Meg wasn’t conscious but merely a large muddy package in her father’s arms.  
“Do you have a key?” Rain asked, looking at Meg’s father. “I’ll start the water for you guys.”
Meg’s father set her down on her feet. Peter’s arm reached out to brace her while her dad pulled out a key to her apartment. Meg’s entire body reacted to Peter’s touch, aware of the feel of his arm around her waist and the warmth of his hand resting on her hip. A moment ago she had hardly been aware of anything around her, now the left side of her body, pressed against Peter’s own muscular frame, screamed in awareness. 
Her father handed the key to Rain. He picked up Meg once again. Meg found she was almost too exhausted to be disappointed.
It seemed weird to Meg that her motley group of rescuers included Rain and her father. Peter was no doubt there to yell at her. 
“How did you know?” Meg asked her dad.
“Rain called. She and Peter were quite worried about you,” her father explained. 
“You left the mountain. Did you really think the earth spirit would manage to miss that?” Peter asked the edge still in his voice.
They were at her door. Peter held it open while her father carried her upstairs. Meg allowed herself to fantasize for a moment that Peter was the one carrying her. She let her mind linger on how his body had felt next to hers. Would it have felt the same when he picked her up or would the sensation change?  In her apartment, her dad carried her to the bathroom where Rain was already running the water in the tub. He set her down at the edge of the door, so that her feet didn’t touch her carpet. He backed out, making sure she didn’t fall.
“I’ll leave you to Rain and Peter for a bit,” he said. “I need to change. You’re filthy. I’ll be back in an hour or so, when you should be warmed up and ready to talk,” he said.
“Okay,” Meg responded absently.
As her dad left the room, Rain looked at her. “It’s not super hot but I don’t think your body would like that. Do you need more help or would you rather have privacy?”
“Privacy,” Meg said.
After Rain left, closing the door, Meg dropped her clothing as quickly as she could. It would be a mess but it could wait. She got into the tub, thinking Rain had been wrong when she said it wasn’t too warm. Meg thought she would scald herself. She quickly realized as she made herself stand in the warm water that it wasn’t as hot as her body tried to tell her. Gradually she sunk into it. Gradually, her shivers stopped.


RAIN

I’m not really a hero type of girl, or at least I didn’t think I was. Still it was a rush to be able to actually rescue someone else. Meg looked far stronger than I ever would be, but I was fresh and warm where she was filthy and wet. I also had a cell phone, which if Meg had one, she clearly wasn’t thinking about calling for help.
I was glad her father was there behind me to carry her over to her apartment. I loved the coat I had on. It was dry clean only and I hoped that the cleaners could get it wearable after I helped Meg up to the street. I had to wonder about the woman trying to kick her. Was this really the sort of investigative work she did? 
When David went searching for a key to his daughter’s apartment, I glanced behind me, in time to see Tom stopped at the top of the hill. He was, as always, looking right at me. Once again he smiled and gave me a small wave. I ignored it. I would have told Peter, who was standing by me holding Meg, but one look at him told me he was in no mood for any other interruption.
Have you ever wondered what a storm going across someone’s face looked like? I know now. I hoped that Peter never turned that look on me. I was really glad I wasn’t going to be the one getting the lecture that would no doubt come.
When I got inside Meg’s apartment, I found no real surprises. Everything was laid out about like you’d expect in a one bedroom. I started running water in the tub of the single bathroom off a short hall. As soon as it started to turn warm I added plenty of cool water as well. Although David and Peter were pretty far behind me, they weren’t so far that Tom would try and force his way in. With contacts in Whisper, he had to recognize both men. Even if Peter didn’t scare him—and he should—the idea of tangling with David Barringer should worry him. 
A good businessman, David was always in the small Whisper newspaper. It might not have a wide circulation, going only to those in Whisper, but those who got it read it, even me. If there was a charity, David was often involved. If he wasn’t, his wife Barb was. The two of them probably had their pictures in the paper as often as anyone. I think perhaps Christopher DeCaire might beat the two of them but he’d be the only one. Peter, of course, never turned up in the paper except in the briefest of mentions as a supporting player.
David set Meg down on the bathroom floor, careful to miss the carpeting. She was standing on her feet, but barely. I put my hand out to help again. He told her he’d be back. Lucky him. He might be dirtier, but he’d be getting clean faster than I would.
“It’s going to feel pretty hot, but it’s not,” I told her.
Meg seemed to nod but it was tentative. If I knew her better, I’d have started pulling the dirty clothes off and tossing them aside. I didn’t know her at all so I wasn’t sure what to do.
“Do you want me to help or do you want privacy?”
She thought about that for a long enough moment that I worried I’d have to make the decision on my own.
“Privacy,” she said finally.
I nodded, although it worried me. Peter was just in the other room though so if he heard or sensed anything odd I could go rushing in. I hoped that would be enough. I closed the door behind me. In the main room, I took off my jacket and hung it over a chair that sat by a table near the window. Peter was pacing around the kitchen, looking at everything.
“She’s getting in the tub,” I said, probably unnecessarily.
“Shouldn’t you help her?” he asked.
“She said she wanted privacy.”
He nodded then. He still looked angry. I wasn’t sure I wanted to stay there with him just then. Of course, was spending time up the hill with Zari A any better?  She’d pester me to find out what was happening down here.
Peter paced around for awhile, looking at the carpet, the chairs, fingering the blinds that covered the window. He seemed interested in the honeycomb shape, pulling the blind away from the window and looking through it. Then it was the sofa. He ran his hands across the arm before sitting down. I took that as my cue to sit on the other end. The coffee table was clearly a hand-me-down, probably older than Meg or myself. I’d probably be safe putting my feet up, but then I remembered where I’d been walking. I bent down to take off my shoes. As I came back up, I noticed Peter leaning down to smell the sofa. 
“How did you know?” I asked, referring not to him smelling the sofa, which was really just one of Peter’s eccentricities, but to the fact that he knew Meg was in danger.
“I know.” He wasn’t looking at me.
“Tom was walking up the street just after all this happened.”
He glanced over at me. “I am becoming more and more certain that these incidents are all related. Perhaps I should lock both of you in the house.”
I must have look horrified at the thought because he smiled then. “I wonder what made her go off the mountain and into the woods? I could understand her office. Meg is always working on something.”
“Hopefully she’ll be out of the tub soon and you can talk to her,” I said.
I watched him put his feet on the table, stretching back as if to take a nap. He even laid his head on the back of the sofa. 
“Should I go?” I asked, not nearly comfortable enough in Meg’s home to do that.
“Stay. If she needs assistance it should come from a woman. She’s met you so she’ll be expecting you rather than someone else. If Amy is able to get away she can take over.”
That seemed like a solid point. “Does Amy know?” I asked.
“If she doesn’t, she will shortly,” Peter assured me. “David is probably changing clothes, telling Barbara, who will call Amy’s clinic, and she’ll talk either to Helen or Amy. Either way the message will get there.”
I laughed briefly. I turned the conversation away from the things that were happening, to something lighter. I asked about the Barringers and the DeCaires. I found out about a little more about the Wymans as well. I guess when you go far enough back the Wymans were actually Lawsons. That meant that Meg was related to the woman who responded to the car accident earlier in the afternoon, although distantly. I wondered if they talked about cousins here the way they did the South.
Peter answered my questions with far more ease than I expected, given how angry he seemed at Meg. It didn’t seem like much time passed before David was returning and I heard Meg turn on the shower.


MEG

Meg sat in the warm water for awhile. As her body temperature started to warm, the bath began to feel cool. She stood up to turn on the shower, letting a cascade of water as hot as she could stand cover her entire body.  When she turned off the shower, she realized she had no clean clothing. She pulled the shower curtain wide open and got out anyway, drying herself with a towel. As she did so a knock came at the door.
“Just a minute,” Meg called.
“Just me,” Rain said. “I have a pair of sweats and some clean underwear and socks for you. Your dad said you wouldn’t mind if I found them.” The other woman sounded apologetic again. Meg couldn’t figure out exactly how Rain had come to help her. She was just glad that someone had.
“Thanks,” Meg called out. She finished drying herself. She listened until she heard Rain return to the living room before opening the door to the hall. Meg grabbed her stuff. She could hear her father’s voice in the other room. It sounded like he was asking questions. Meg didn’t call out. Instead she let the others tell him whatever there might be to tell.
Dressed in her sweats, though still feeling chilled, Meg walked out to the living room. Peter was standing by the window. Rain was perched on the chair by Meg’s desk. Her father was sitting on the sofa rubbing his hand through his hair. Meg wondered what they were talking about.
“You look better,” her father said.
“You no longer look like a human mud pie,” Rain commented, smiling a little.
“Thanks all of you for your help,” Meg said awkwardly. She dropped to the arm of the sofa near her father, but not too near. She wasn’t sure whose side he would be on. She knew she was in trouble with Peter. Rain, she didn’t count.
“If you had listened, we wouldn’t be here, would we?” Peter asked.
“No. I guess not. It just seemed harmless,” Meg said.
“Where was Kyle in all of this, or didn’t you tell him you were supposed to stay in Whisper?” her father asked. Meg had her answer. Her father was definitely in Peter’s camp. She was going to be yelled at by both of them. She felt like a little girl again.
“Kyle left before I did. Both he and Sheri wanted me to go back to the apartment. In fact, I meant to.”
“And what was so important that you wandered farther away from Whisper?” Peter asked. Although Meg could tell he was still angry, he did seem curious.
“There was another death down in Tamany Park. Maybe you saw the vehicles?” Meg looked around, hoping for nods but none were forthcoming. “Anyway, Kyle went down to check it out. I was on my way home but I saw the path. I really just wanted to see what I could find out. Lacey was killed. I have to know who did that.”
“At the expense of your own life?” Peter’s voice was soft but Meg could hear that edge.
“It didn’t seem that dangerous at the time.”
“And how did you get so filthy?” That was her father, looking at her with only a little less anger than Peter.
“I was walking in the woods so people wouldn’t see me,” Meg began.
Peter threw up his arms walking into the kitchen. When she paused he turned back to the room. “And that made you safer from a nature spirit how?”
Meg sighed. “I just didn’t want anyone to argue with me about checking things out. Anyway everything was fine. I heard a woman and a man talking. I think I heard the earth spirit speaking with them. The woman wants it to get Michael Whitcomb but he must be staying on the mountain. The spirit is supposed to wait at the edge of Whisper because he’ll have to leave at some point. The man said it should kill you too, Peter.”
Peter snorted a little as he shook his head, as if wondering how anyone could be so stupid. His deep brown hair, highlighted by veins of red like red clay in soil, moved around him in gentle movements. Even as Meg found the soft fineness of it begging to be touched, Peter ran a hand over the top of his head. 
“Well I’m just telling you what I heard.” Meg hated how defensive she sounded. Peter looked over at her again as if signaling her to go on. She watched his hand drop from his head, his long front locks falling once again across his forehead, arranging themselves into a familiar, slightly windblown pattern.
“Anyway, I started back but then I ran into the earth spirit. It pulled me underground but it let me go. I’m not sure why. It said I had protections on me or something. It also worried that killing me so close to the circle where it was bound would actually strengthen the binding rather loosening it. So it let me go. I don’t remember much before Rain found me. I felt really, really cold and disoriented.”
“I’m sure.” The sarcasm in Peter’s voice wasn’t lost on Meg no matter how tired she was. Her father’s color had risen to beet red. Meg was reminded of the phrase “about to have apoplexy” from the historical novels she enjoyed reading. He remained silent, though, for which Meg was grateful.
“Look, I’m an investigator. Sometimes I have to leave the mountain. And don’t think I’m not going to find out who did this to Lacey and why.”
Peter was back to leaning against the window. Meg saw him go very still. At that moment the earth rumbled again but it settled as quickly as it began.
“Do not tell me what you have to do,” Peter said, enunciating every word. “You will stay on the mountain for your own safety or the last thing you’re likely to do is find out who killed Lacey and why. Do you understand me now?”
Meg hung her head. “I know what they look like even if I don’t have a name. Sheri and RaeLynn will help me with a name.”
This time there was another big earthquake. Meg grabbed onto the arms of the sofa. She looked up to see Rain leaning over on the chair. She hoped the other woman would be okay. Her father was holding on to the back of the sofa behind her. Only Peter seemed to be standing comfortably by the window, moving only with the earth. He was like a fine horseman at one with his horse, only in his case, the horse wasn’t an animal but the earth itself. 
Meg heard glass breaking. She wondered where it was. Peter turned his head slightly before looking back at them.
“I believe you’ll be needing a glassier,” he told Meg’s father. Her father had time to sigh before the earth stopped shaking abruptly.
Everyone took a deep breath, except maybe Peter. He seemed as unphased by the sudden stillness as he was by the movement. Meg’s father got up to look outside. He was shaking his head.
“I believe this should be over in another day,” Peter said, looking over his shoulder at Meg’s father.
“Glad Emma told me I should get earthquake insurance last year,” he muttered.
Peter smiled a little before looking up at Meg. 
“Do you agree to stay on the mountain?  The earthquake is a sign that the spirit is angry about something. I wouldn’t trust your protection beyond the boundaries. In fact, I’d prefer it if you stayed farther up the mountain if you could.”
“You should be up at your Gram’s,” her father said. “I’ll take you,” he started to get up.
“Daddy, no,” Meg said. “Do you know what she’ll say?  She’ll probably lock me in the attic or something like that, as punishment as much as a safety precaution.”
“Is there any reason she shouldn’t?” That was from Peter.
“Can you take her in for a day or so? If Meg stays with us, she and Barb will drive me nuts.” Meg’s father looked at Peter, knowing Meg would probably dig her heels in about staying at Emma’s.
Peter shook his head. “I am in the middle of unbinding the spirit. Besides,” Peter glanced over at Rain, “Rain and her companion are already staying there.”
Meg felt like she had been punched in the gut. Rain? A stranger? When she had been around the whole time? And here was Peter throwing them together to work at the same office, as if he cared. And the flirtation, was it only earlier that day? It seemed like a lifetime had happened since then. Was this Peter settling down? Was this the lie she sensed from her Gram?
Meg noticed Peter watching her speculatively. “I’ll be fine here, Daddy,” she said, raising her jaw a bit. Let him think she cared, she thought.
Peter turned back to the window. 
“Don’t leave the mountain again. Whisper can hold you. Don’t make it do so.”
Meg glanced over at him but he continued to face the street. “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll send Kyle out to do my footwork off the mountain. But does this mean I can’t even go into the office?” Meg asked.
“Absolutely. It found you once. It will be even easier to find you again.”
Meg nodded. She wondered what she would tell her officemates and Sheri about the afternoon.
“Please be safe,” Rain whispered as she started to move towards the door. Meg’s father was also picking things up as if he were getting ready to leave.
Meg glanced over at her, seeing the nearly black hair of the other woman. The great big brown eyes that would no doubt turn men’s heads watched her carefully. Her slightly uneven teeth actually made her smile rather pretty, another thing Meg hated to acknowledge. Her figure was fuller than Meg’s, though she was shorter. She was just soft and curvy everywhere rather than the lean spareness that Meg had always been proud of. Now to find that Peter would prefer someone that soft was hard to take. Meg looked away.
“I’ll do that,” Meg said.
Peter stood looking at her for a moment. Meg tried not to squirm under his gaze. She knew he was wondering if she really intended to listen to him. 
“I guess I should go talk to RaeLynn and Alex and check out the damage,” her father said as he moved towards the door. “Amy will be up when she’s finished her treatments, unless you want to go down.”
“Maybe I’ll do that,” Meg smiled a little. Younger than Meg by a couple of years, Amy was also her opposite. She was pretty and dreamy. Where Meg moved to excess, Amy excelled at stillness. Meg pushed buttons until they broke. Amy fixed them. Meg yelled and ran and played beyond what her body wanted. Amy spoke softly, gliding through life and helping others get up when they went too far. She was a healer. Meg thought her mom was lucky she had Amy second or else she’d have been shocked beyond belief at what she put up with from Meg. There were boys who were easier to raise. 
Peter hung back as Meg’s father and Rain walked to the door.
“Listen to me this time, Megan,” he said softly. “There is nothing worth going off the mountain for until this spirit has been released and is soothed.”
“And how, exactly, does one sooth an earth spirit?” Meg asked.
“Earth revels in sensation and, most of all, beauty. It’s too bad that this one is so angry it didn’t appreciate what it held,” Peter’s voice was nearly a whisper as he stood near the door. Meg felt herself blush, wondering if he was really complimenting her. Peter held her eyes for a moment as the heat continued to rise in her face. A small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he turned to leave the apartment. 


RAIN

I was first to reach the parking lot. David was behind me but he turned to walk across the street and check out the damage to his building. I wondered how bad the damage was. I was considering walking over there with him when Peter appeared behind me, making me jump.
“David will be fine,” he said, as if reading my mind. He nodded across the lot to prove that my gaze had given me away. David was just turning the corner. So he didn’t read minds, except Zari A’s.
“What about Meg?”
“Hopefully, she will be too,” he said.
“And it was probably not a smart thing to go announcing to her that I’m living up in your house. I want to work with this woman.”
Peter looked puzzled. I shook my head. 
“You don’t get it do you?”
He continued to watch me. I let my gaze flick up towards Meg’s window. I thought I saw a curtain move slightly. Great. Now she was watching us from upstairs. I started to move away. No use letting her think Peter and I were riding together.
“What exactly don’t I get?” Now the edge was back in his voice. He was still feeling pissed off about this afternoon.
“Meg.” 
Hands up, shaking his head. He offered no words.
I rolled my eyes. “Meg has a crush on you. I’m living in your house. Meg now thinks we have a relationship. Oh and everyone wants her to work with me, many of whom no doubt know she’s got a crush on you, which has to feel like complete and utter disloyalty.”
“How would she get all of that out of your living in my home? It’s not like that at all. You and Zari needed a place to stay. Zari A and I want to study together.”
I rolled my eyes again. “Does Meg know any of that?”
He shrugged. “I doubt it. Even Emma doesn’t know so she probably doesn’t.” 
“Well then, what’s she supposed to believe?” 
Peter sighed. “I suppose you expect me to go up there and explain?”
“As if she’d be willing to listen.”
At that Peter smiled. “No, she probably wouldn’t, would she?”
I slid into the driver’s seat of my car. “I don’t suppose you want a ride?”
He shook his head. I closed the door, preparing for the short drive up the hill. I was turning into the street when I saw the black truck turn at the corner by Allison’s. I floored the accelerator. I thought the truck was going to continue after me, but it although I could hear the engine revving as only a large truck can, it didn’t seem to be making any headway. I kept up my pace in case whatever was holding Tom back failed.
“You are home, finally,” Zari A greeted me. “I have not eaten this evening.”
She’s way more direct and probably more polite, but she’s still all cat. 
“Of course not,” I tossed my jacket over a wooden chair. 
Zari leaped up to smell it. “What did you do?”
“I helped Meg. She’d been buried alive by the other earth spirit.” 
Zari raptly smelled the mud on my jacket as she listened and asked questions about my adventures. 
“I could smell Tom on the jacket too, in the mud. He’s been there.”
“Meg said something about a man and a woman. The man could have been Tom and the woman the woman Angela saw.”
“It is possible,” Zari said hesitantly. She came running over to where I was preparing her dinner. “But it is not good to make too many assumptions without facts. I can tell you only that Tom has walked through the dirt many times.”
“How can you tell what he smells like?”
“I smelled him on you back in Michigan, remember?” she asked. “My nose does not forget a scent.”
“I thought that was a dog thing?”
She didn’t bother to respond, wolfing down her food. I pulled out a few things to make for my own dinner. I wondered briefly if Peter would be around and want something. I decided probably not. As I did that, I heard a truck outside the house. It had the same deep, overly loud sound that Tom’s truck did. I looked out the window. I could see a dark truck parked there. 
He was getting out. I couldn’t tell if he could see me inside. I moved farther back into the kitchen, hiding around the corner, but still peeking out. Zari noticed my worry. She continued to eat, although I could see by her ears she was on alert.
Tom banged on the door. I was surprised. I expected him to just barge in. I flattened myself against the refrigerator.
“Can I help you?” I heard Peter ask. I breathed a sigh of relief, no matter that he shouldn’t have been able to get back to the house that quickly. He was there. Anything else weird or extraordinary or scary about him could be pushed aside in that moment.
“I’m here for Rain.”
“It’s been raining all day so there’s really no reason to be coming to my home.” Peter responded, deliberately misunderstanding the question. I heard Zari chuckle in my mind.
“I’m here for her. She’ll want to see me.” I could see the knob turning in Tom’s hand. It didn’t move much. Rather it turned about as far as a locked door would, except that Peter had no locks. 
Zari continued to chuckle, but now she was sitting back, washing her face as she looked at the door. I’d have reached out to grab her but that would put me in view of the window so I stayed by the refrigerator.
“Perhaps we should call the police about that,” Peter said. “This is private property. My property.”
Tom laughed then. Then I heard something pound into the door. His fist went part of the way through the wood, splintering it. 
“I won’t ask you again,” Peter’s voice was edged with a deeper menace than it held before.
I heard Tom grunt, or I thought it was Tom. Then I heard someone heavy retreating from the porch. I waited for Peter to come in, listening to Tom’s car start and rumble down the drive to the road. Still I waited.
“I don’t know if he’ll be coming in,” Zari A said. She had finished her bath. Now she was back up in the window. “But Tom is gone.”
I figured that, but I was still pressed back against the refrigerator. Should I leave my home? Let him have the building? Let him make an offer, running away and then running farther again?
“I like it here,” Zari A said turning to look at me. “And you do too.”
“But I don’t like having to run from Tom.”
“Things will work themselves out,” she purred. “If Peter is right and he’s involved in binding the earth spirit, wouldn’t you say his days are numbered?”
“You know, I really can’t even wish that on him. I mean I can wish him gone and it solves a problem but I hate that even that feels good. It’s like wishing someone dead,” I explained.
“That’s exactly what you’re doing,” Peter said, coming in through the door, finally. “But I can’t say it’s not warranted.”


MEG

Meg moved from the window, and after seeing Peter and Rain talking in the parking lot, to her sofa. Her body hurt. She knew Amy would help but that required walking down the stairs. Instead she sat on her sofa, staring at the wall. Hearing a knock at the door, Meg sat up, brushing her face, surprised in a fuzzy sort of way to find it wet.
“Hey,” Amy walked into the apartment. She was still dressed in one of the flowing skirts she had adopted to work in. Her hair, several shades lighter than Meg’s, was pushed back with a headband. 
“Hey.” Meg remembered vaguely that her father had said something about Amy coming by. Her sister didn’t say anything more, but wrapped her in a gentle hug.
“I heard about Lacey and about what happened this afternoon,” Amy said, letting Meg fall back to the sofa.
Meg nodded.
“So?”
“So?” Meg echoed.
“You want to tell me about it?”
“Lacey’s death looks like a car accident, but Sheri doesn’t believe it. Who would believe that? It’s not like it’s winter. There were no skid marks. The timing just makes it seem like it’s connected to the whole earth spirit thing.”
Amy nodded, watching Meg. Having pushed the coffee table away, she now sat cross-legged, hands resting lightly on Meg’s knees. Although Amy watched her sister, she was clearly distracted.
Meg was lost far enough into her own pain to miss the indications. “When there was another death down the road, probably Stephen Richmond, Kyle went to look into it. I followed. I didn’t mean to but you know,” Meg trailed off for a moment before continuing, “I need to know who killed Lacey.”
Amy nodded again, still silent. Her eyelids were only slits.
Meg found herself taking a deep breath. No sharp stabbing pain came from her side. She was still tired but the fogginess that was plaguing her when Amy came to the door seemed to be gone.
“Anyway the earth spirit found me. It pulled me under the earth but then decided not to kill me. It said it would be better if my blood were shed elsewhere. I’m not sure what made it want to pull me under the earth in the first place. I was almost back to the street when a woman pushed me down and started kicking at me. Rain was there to tell her to knock it off. I have no idea how she got there.”
Amy nodded again. She was looking back up at her sister. “How do you feel now?”
“Better,” Meg said, realizing her body did feel much better.
“You need to be careful for a few days. I think you broke a couple of ribs. It probably happened when you were pulled into the earth. And I can’t take away all the soreness but a lot of it should be gone. Do you have any food?”
Meg shrugged.
Amy got up and started looking through the cupboards. She found some peanut butter in one and stood at the counter eating with a spoon.
“Have you called Lacey’s family yet or gone to see them?”
“I meant to but then all of this happened.”
“Mom and Helen both know about everything so I’m sure the Forsythes have been informed of why you haven’t been up there yet.”
“About the earth spirit too?” Meg asked.
Amy nodded again. “Dad talked to Mom who talked to Helen who wasted no time getting on the phone to Kyle and anyone else who just had to know. I practically had to run the office myself for the last hour.”
Meg smiled. Kyle’s mom did love to gossip. “Great, now I’ll get yelled at by Kyle.”
“I think he has orders not to yell at you. Your dad said Peter was pretty pissed off about you leaving the mountain.”
Meg picked at the sofa as she nodded. 
“So you met Rain, eh?” Amy asked.
“How do you know her?” Meg looked up.
Amy shrugged, not answering. Meg inferred that to mean the other woman was a patient. Then she recalled Rain said something like that when they’d met at the building the other night. Was it really only last night? So much seemed to have happened since then. 
“And you know she lives up at Peter’s?” 
Amy nodded that time. 
“What’s up with that?” Meg asked, suddenly remembering the other part of her heartbreak.
“Not a clue,” Amy said. “I mean, she’s nice enough and all, but why Peter offered his home to her? No idea. Not that I’m privy to any of his thoughts about why he does things but this does seem out of character.”
“He’s never been interested in anyone in particular before.”
“I’m not sure it’s that kind of relationship,” Amy observed.
“Why not?” 
Amy shrugged again, not wanting to break any patient confidences but at the same time not wanting to hurt her sister. “She’s keeping that information pretty quiet. I’m surprised you heard.”
“Peter said so when he was up here. Dad wanted me to stay with Gram but that’s not happening. Then he asked if I could stay up at Peter’s but Peter said Rain and “her companion” were already living there.”
Amy smiled. “Her only companion is an Abyssinian cat named Zari A. I’m sure if you talk to her about office space you’ll hear all about the cat. In fact, I’m sure Zari A will be there for the interview.”
Meg made a face. “What?”
Amy grinned, shrugging again. “She’s crazy about her cat. However, don’t think she’s crazy. Dad says she’s got a heck of a head for business and she really doesn’t shirk her research. Although Dad also said that there’s been some potential vandalism out at the building probably due to an ex-boyfriend that’s stalking her.” The grin had faded.
“That’s not good. I wonder if she’s just some damsel in distress or something that managed to run into Peter.”
“Peter lets people run into him. Whatever is going on, we don’t know the half of it. So has Joe Running asked you out yet?”
“What?” Meg looked up startled. She knew Joe. He’d worked with Kyle and RaeLynn on the website. Everyone kind of knew him. He was a nice guy who found Whisper because of his interest in shamanism. The community supported that sort of thing. He’d purchased a house in town about ten years ago. He’d been doing consultant work on websites and Internet marketing ever since. He was older than Meg by a few years, with the dark eyes and facial features common to the Pacific Northwest tribes, even if he wasn’t full-blooded anything.
Amy laughed. “So you haven’t noticed. I’m not surprised.”
“When did you hear that? And why?”
Amy just shook her head. “Just a few things that I overheard. He actually came by the office to find out if you were okay, you know.”
Meg sighed. “He’s nice but he’s not really my type.” Joe was nice. To Meg’s eye, too nice. They could have one of those nice friendship-based relationships that would end up passionless if it tried moving into romance. Maybe that was safer but she didn’t really want safe right now. Of course she didn’t feel like anything right now, not without Lacey. Maybe the two of them could have talked it over, made a plan, or not, that would have let Meg decide if she wanted to go out with Joe. 
Amy was watching her sister. “Peter’s not going to suddenly change just for you, you know. I know it hurts, but Gram is right about some things. He’s not someone who’s going to settle with one person. And you are so not the kind of woman who’s going to take a guy who runs around on you.”
Meg was saved from answering when a loud knock sounded. Amy walked over to answer it before Meg could stand up.
“Hey Kyle,” Meg heard her sister say. 
Kyle came into the small apartment carrying a bag that looked like a sleeping bag. He had a pillow under one arm.
“What’s that?”
“Everyone has agreed if you won’t stay up the hill with your Gram or, heaven forbid, your folks, someone has to stay here to protect you. I’ll be on your sofa.”
Meg protested but Kyle cut her off. “It’s agreed okay? Besides, if you go running off the mountain I think it’ll be my ass that gets it this time. Fortunately RaeLynn believed you were going to the apartment when you left or she and I would be strung up at Peter’s right now for letting you leave.”
“I really didn’t intend to go down there. Besides, I’m my own person. I don’t know why Peter’s so pissed off about this.”
“Because maybe he doesn’t want to have to lose both you and Lacey at one time?” Kyle asked.
Meg shrugged. Did Peter really care that much? Everyone looked to him for answers and liked him, but nothing about his affection was particularly personal. She shivered a little remembering his hand tracing a design against the back of hers after he held it. Even when he did flirt, his attentions never seemed to last, except maybe with Rain.
“Oh get real.” Kyle dropped his stuff to the ground as if to punctuate his frustration. “He’s not alone in caring you know? And you’re not alone in missing Lacey, although yes, you probably miss her as much as her family will and in a way I won’t, but I grew up with the Forsythes too. And Peter’s known all of us forever. Don’t think her death doesn’t bother him.”
Amy was trying not to smile as she put the cover of the peanut butter back on. 
“So now I have a guard?” Meg said in a small voice.
“A guard who can tell you what went on down the hill too. Although I want to hear your side of what happened first.”
As Kyle settled into the straight-backed chair Rain sat on earlier, Meg told him about the two people, one man and one woman. She told him about Rain rescuing her.
“I guess there’s a good reason I rescued her from some creep in the grocery store parking lot the other day.”
“Oh, that’s right,” Meg said, remembering his story from earlier in the day. She glanced at Amy. Amy nodded before Meg told him about the stalker.
“The guy seemed like he knew something about Whisper and the old families, but he didn’t recognize me,” Kyle added. He was vaguely insulted. Of course, Kyle had the tall, thin DeCaire looks. His face was long enough to keep his nose from looking too big, although on many people it would have been out of place. His bronze hair curling at the ends was part and parcel of the DeCaire genetic makeup. Anyone who lived around Whisper would know that.
“The Meiers have a cousin staying with them,” Meg said, snapping her fingers. “Lacey said he was a creep. Could that be the guy? He’d have ties to Whisper so he might think he knows how things work, but never having lived here he wouldn’t know you.”
Kyle shrugged. “Could be.”
“I wonder if he was the guy with the woman. I’d lay money that she was Susanne Olson.”
Kyle nodded. “Her house backs up against that area. It’d be easy enough for her to go out there and set up a circle or whatever.”
Meg was nodding. “How would she know him? For that matter do we have a name?”
“We can ask RaeLynn. And I’ll see about a photo of Susanne. I’m sure there’s one somewhere.” Kyle pulled out his laptop and started setting it up on Meg’s table. 
“And I think I’ll take off, as it appears you’re in good hands.”
“Thanks Amy,” Meg said, getting up to see her sister to the door.
“Oh don’t thank me. You owe me. Mom’s so worried she’s insisting I stay at the house, just in case.”
Meg chuckled a little before she realized, this was the day her friend died and the sound died off. Amy gave her another hug before leaving.
“So your turn,” Meg said to Kyle.
Kyle took his time, summarizing what he’d learned down at the Richmond’s. The body looked a lot like Elaine’s had when they found it, above ground but with dirt in the mouth and probably the throat. Richmond had lots of bruising. He hadn’t been dead long when he was found. There were no witnesses. He was linked to Michael Whitcomb and Susanne Olson. Meg’s information suggested that Whitcomb wasn’t part of the killing but rather another potential victim.
“So what has RaeLynn found out about him?  We had him on our list.” 
“He wasn’t well liked, as a person or as a boss. Kind of a womanizer, both outside and inside the workplace. There are complaints with Labor and Industry. RaeLynn dug around in the company’s computers...” Kyle held a hand up while Meg started to protest. “She said they had virtually no security and what they had was out of date so no worry about her getting caught.”
Meg was still shaking her head. 
“Anyway, there have been a lot of complaints about sexual harassment, one from Susanne but that was dismissed. Most were paid off but not Susanne, so there’s something more there.”
Meg nodded, pondering that.
“So what about the guy with Susanne?” 
“I just sent RaeLynn a note about him.” Kyle turned to face Meg. “And I bet you need to get to bed.”
“If you’re a guest, I should clean the bathroom and start washing my clothes.”
“I’m not a guest. I’m a guard. Let me do it.”
“Oh right,” Meg laughed.
“Oh right,” Kyle laughed right back. “My house is cleaner than your house, so don’t think I won’t do a better job.”
“I thought your mom cleaned it.”
Kyle made a face as he stood to move to the bathroom. “Get real. My mom made me clean her house when I was growing up.”
Meg watched him go, wondering if it would be rude to just go to bed while he worked. Her tiredness won out and she did exactly that, rude or not.


RAIN

I was still huddling on the sofa after the altercation with Tom. I hadn’t even talked with him but I was shaking. Zari seemed quite concerned now that she was done eating.
“It takes energy to worry,” she assured me. Even Peter allowed a slight upturn to a corner of his mouth hearing that.
I was rubbing the top of her head. The food I took out from the kitchen was back in the refrigerator, no thanks to me. Peter took charge, leading me to the sofa where I was told to rest. He put away the food. He’d have done better to fix something for me, but perhaps such things weren’t really in his repertoire.
“I wish I knew exactly what he wanted.”  I was still rubbing Zari’s head, probably harder than she wanted. She pulled out from under my hand, glaring at me.
“Well of course you know what he wants.” Her ears were laid back. “He wants you. All of you, to own completely.”
“And why am I so lucky to be so surrounded by people who would do that?” I let my eyes stray to Peter. He might not care to own me, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t in his nature to try and overwhelm anyone he was with. 
He was sitting back in the corner chair. He wasn’t waving his hands around this time, but his eyes seemed focused someplace slightly beyond the window.
“Maybe because that’s the most horrifying thing you can imagine?” Zari asked.
“But you know me. He knows me. If he wasn’t so possessive I might have stayed around longer.”
Zari didn’t answer. 
“I know it’s not rational on his part. I just can’t believe I didn’t see it coming. I should have noticed stuff about him sooner.”
“As you tell it,” Peter interjected, “There wasn’t a lot sooner you could have noticed. You met at a bar, took him home and he decided you were set for life. His life, not yours.”
I frowned, nodding.
“Do you know the woman he was working with? It was probably the woman trying to hurt Meg.”
Peter glanced over at me. “Does it matter?”
I shrugged. “I guess it would just be nice to know how she manages him. What is it that allows him to be friends with her but obsessed with me?”
There was another long look. “Go to bed Rain.”
I sighed. I wanted dinner. I was tired too. There were days when I really just wanted someone to make dinner for me, or at least bring it in. Was that so much to ask? Of course, I suppose Tom would have loved to make dinner for me.
“Do you think he meant to kill people?” I looked over at Peter.
“Hmm?” His chin was resting on his hand now, but he looked up at where I stood. 
“Tom. Do you think when he helped bind this earth spirit he meant that people should die?”
“Earth spirits don’t kill lightly. They’d have to have a very good reason to kill, like when the spirit killed Lacey in her car. This other man and woman who have died were nothing to the spirit. The spirit wasn’t likely to have killed them simply because it noticed them. That takes energy and interest and nature spirits are, above all, self-interested. It would have had to have been very clearly told to do so, in a way that forced it to act on that command. So yes, you can rest assured that Tom very definitely meant to kill those people.”
Zari leaped off the sofa to trot down the short hall to my bedroom. I followed more slowly remembering my day. Was it really this morning that I set off to Angela’s?  That seemed a lifetime ago.
I closed the door behind us so I could undress in private. Tom knew I was in town. In fact, based on the offer of the building he had learned about it a while ago. He had the time to find out not only where I was, but what I was doing. After finding that out, he took the time to make an offer on the building. He had no money to do that, at least not that I knew about. There was some sort of planning involved, probably to scare me.
“He wants you to think you are his,” Zari supplied.
“No doubt,” I responded absently, continuing with my train of thought as if she hadn’t interrupted. This all took time. Then he makes his move. Within hours of that move, he’d accosted me at the grocer, intimidated me by following me down a street and coming to the place where I lived. What had changed?
“Perhaps he feels he has a plan now,” Zari suggested. “He has bound the earth spirit so he thinks he can control you.”
“But what’s he going to do with that spirit? How would he control me with the spirit?”
“You did convey that Meg said he asked it to go after Peter. That would be a start.” 
“Yeah but you know it can’t hurt Peter, can it?” I looked over at my cat. She stared back, uninterested in my nudity. 
She yawned. “I wouldn’t worry about it.” 
I nodded. “I could still live here or I could still run from him. What could the spirit do that makes Tom think he has power over me?”
“Peter has said on more than one occasion that Whisper can hold its own to the mountain. Could this earth spirit do the same to you at Tom’s bidding?”
“Just hold me in a place forever?” I asked.
She held my gaze for a very long time. 
“It could try, I suppose. Wouldn’t it get tired? Wouldn’t it have to rest?”
“Not if it were bound to do it,” Zari said. “I suggest you take Peter’s advice and remain on Whisper. As Angela said, you are protected here.”
“You know, if I had to run into a guy who would stalk me, what did I do to run into one who lives in a place like this and uses magic to track me?”
Zari walked towards where I was pulling down the blanket on the bed, getting ready to curl up against me for her evening snooze. “Do you really think there are not others who have the same sort of stalker? Or maybe women who only get away because they have magic of their own?”
“There aren’t really other stalkers who do this, are there?” I looked at her. “In this day and age?”
“Do you know there aren’t?” she purred. “Perhaps that is why you want to set up your security business that will help women disappear. You should find someone who can clear magic as well, like Angela.”
“I can’t see her wanting to do that regularly. I don’t think it’s her talent.”
Zari turned around on the bed next to me, trampling it down just so before lying down, standing up to turn again only to lie down in the exact same place. “Then perhaps someone else will turn up one day, don’t you think?”
“We can hope. I can also hope that Peter hasn’t destroyed any chance I have of working with Meg by telling her I live here.”
“You really think she’s in love with him?” Zari asked.
“Yeah.”
She gave me a humph.
“What was that about?” I turned off the table lamp.
“It is hard to explain,” Zari said. 
“Try me,” I growled. “It’ll give me something amusing to think about rather than dwelling on what happened.”
“But it is not amusing,” she protested.
“It’s lighter than seeing dead people.”
Mentally I could hear her sigh. “Peter can sense certain things outside of time, you know.”
I was sort of aware of that, so I urged her to continue.
“As time goes on, Meg becomes more important. In fact, she comes up in a lot of the not now time frames and it is happening more and more. I glimpsed her only rarely early on but since the earthquake she is there almost constantly.”
“In what capacity?”
“I have trouble translating that for you. Perhaps it is the way terrestrial bodies are wired?” 
“Could you do that as an alien?” I thought suddenly.
Zari laid her head across my lap and gave me a mysterious cat smile but she didn’t offer an answer. I glared. She smiled. At some point we both went to sleep.


MEG

Meg was exhausted when she stumbled out to the living room. Kyle was still snoring, so she did her best not to wake him. They’d had three earthquakes that night, two large enough to wake her, one that Meg slept through, although Kyle told her about it when she’d stumbled out during the second one. In the bathroom, Meg looked around, impressed. She tried to remember the last time it was that spotless. Maybe she could hire Kyle to clean for her rather than investigate. She wondered how he would take that idea. 
Whether because of the time or the running water, he was sitting up on the sofa when she padded out from the bathroom, still in her robe.
“Morning,” she said, quietly.
“Morning,” he smiled. Great. He was happy in the morning too. 
“I’ll get dressed while you do your thing in the bathroom. We can head over to the diner for breakfast?” Meg asked.
“Is it on you?”
Meg frowned. She mentally tallied the hours she’d worked on the murder and what the city was likely to pay her for any cover story. Then she tallied the background reports she’d sent off in the last few weeks. The money should allow her to buy everyone breakfast.
“Just get me a chai from the Cuppa. Allison doesn’t make chai.”
“Deal.”
Meg didn’t take long changing clothes. Her wardrobe held more jeans than anything else. A light turtleneck completed the outfit. The weather was still cloudy and overcast. Meg grabbed her laptop, which Kyle had delivered the night before, as she walked out the door. She had her purse and her phone but no jacket. It wasn’t raining, which was good, although it was chillier than she’d like. Or maybe she was still chilled from the day before. Fortunately Allison’s Diner was only a short walk across the street from her building. 
Amy waved as she pulled into the parking lot. Meg gave her sister a half-hearted wave back. 
“Hey Meg,” Allison called as Meg walked in the door. There were only a few other people in the restaurant that early. Meg noticed that one of the big windows along the main street was boarded up.
“Wow. You get hit last night or yesterday afternoon?” Meg asked.
“Fortunately it was yesterday afternoon. Your dad got a crew to board it up while he did the ones over at your office.”
“Glad he could help. I’m going to take advantage of his favor.” Meg walked with Allison to a booth towards the back.
“What would that be?”
“I’ve been told to stay on Whisper proper. Mind if the office meets here for the day?”
Allison smiled. “Just keep ordering and I’m happy.”
Meg must have looked shocked. 
“Nah, just keep a mug on the table like you’ve been ordering so no one else gets any ideas. Of course, a lot of folks haven’t been coming down. Lots of people are scared about the earthquakes. And of course, what happened to Lacey. There’re rumors that her death was related to the earthquakes. The Old Family folks aren’t real happy to hear that.”
“Lacey and I both got cuts during the first of the earthquakes. Peter thinks that blood might have helped bind the earth spirit that’s causing trouble.”
“Helen better be careful.”
“So I heard,” Meg said as the two women moved toward the back booth.
“Eggs and bacon?” Allison pulled out a pad as Meg slid in the booth.
“Can I get sausage?” Meg asked, like a little girl.
“Your Mom is worried about the sausage you know.”
“What’s wrong with it? I love sausage.”
“I’ll make an exception today. Say it slipped my mind with everything going on, okay?” 
Meg smiled a little, knowing Allison was referring to Lacey. “Thanks Allison. Have you talked to Delia?” 
Allison nodded. “She knows you’ve been caught up in some of the same stuff, so don’t you worry. Peter even went by to talk to her for a bit.” 
Lacey’s mom, Delia, had been a good friend to Allison for years. She periodically subbed down at the diner when someone called in sick or needed a vacation. Meg felt badly that even Peter had visited while she was running around with other things. 
“He must have been busy after yelling at me,” Meg observed.
“He definitely looked like thunder standing there waiting for your Dad to bring you back across the street.”
Meg rolled her eyes. Allison patted her shoulder. 
“Anything to drink?”
“Kyle promised me a chai. I’ll probably get more tea later though.”
“You and that chai. I looked into a machine to make that for you but it just doesn’t seem worth it. The Cuppa does such a great business too. They’ve talked to me about making some of the rolls that I have in the cases for them. I started taking them up on that for the weekends.”
“Wow. That’ll be great for both of you.” Meg was more than a little aware that Allison worked nearly every day keeping the restaurant running smoothly. 
Kyle came in as the other woman turned to go back to the kitchen. She waved him over to Meg’s table. “You know what you want?” 
“French toast, eggs sunny side up, hash browns, bacon,” he called. He set down a drink carrier on the desk. It held three cups.
“Call RaeLynn already?”
Kyle bobbed his head once.
Meg turned the cups until she found one labeled chai.
“I’ve been wondering about the cut thing,” Kyle said, pulling his cup closer. “You, Lacey, and Mom for sure. Who knows who else.”
Meg raised her eyebrows as she took a sip. It wasn’t lost on her that they all had venti-sized drinks.
“So let’s look at this. You’re a Barringer on your dad’s side, a Lawson on your Mom’s.”
Meg nodded, sipping her drink.
“Mom is a Winters on her mom’s side. Lacey was a Forsythe on her father’s side and a DeCaire on her mom’s side.”
Meg nodded again, puzzled about where he was going.
“We’re missing Dixon.”
Meg got it. There were five old families that had settled Whisper. Over the years they’d intermarried and married outsiders, but there was always the underlying sense of which family you came from. Barringer, Lawson, DeCaire, Dixon, and Winters. 
Meg drummed her fingers on the table. “The new guy, staying at the Meiers. Lacey called him a creep. The one we think might be the guy after Rain?”
“That might also be working with Susanne Olson?” Kyle asked. 
“The Meiers come from the Dixon line.”
It was Kyle’s turn to sip thoughtfully. “So do you suppose that early on each family got something special? So they all needed to donate blood?”
“How would you plan that?”
“If it wasn’t planned, what did happen?”
“And I am here to answer your questions,” RaeLynn said, smiling as she set her stuff down. She kicked at Kyle to move over, although she bent to hug Meg before scooting into the booth.
“What have you found?”  Meg asked, watching the other woman straighten her peasant blouse so that it wouldn’t drag into any food.
“My friend Kara is very involved in paganism, so I gave her a call.” RaeLynn let that sink in while she grabbed her coffee, taking a careful sip. She smiled and patted Kyle on the arm. Apparently he had gotten the order exactly the way she liked it. 
“Anyway,” the receptionist continued, “She’s met Susanne. She says Susanne definitely has power. Unfortunately, Kara also thinks it’s kind of twisted. Kara dated a guy who was in a class on shamanistic healing with Susanne but he refused to let Susanne work on him.”
“He didn’t like her at all?” Meg watched the other woman.
RaeLynn paused as she looked quickly at the menu still lying on the table. “She’s heard similar stories around the community. Kara pretty much knows everyone, you know?”
Kyle grinned as he sipped his coffee, listening to RaeLynn talk, her words nearly tripping over each other. 
 “I asked her about the whole earth spirit thing. She pretty much told me what Angela told you. I knew about the blood issue so I asked her about that, telling her that Peter thought it was significant.”
Meg saw that Kyle was listening as intently as she was. 
“I also asked about the amount of blood and the number of people that might be needed to bind a spirit like that.” 
Allison came over to take RaeLynn’s order, giving everyone a pause from the other woman’s speech. After Allison left, RaeLynn continued.
“Kara doesn’t think that someone like Susanne would leave stuff up to chance. She’d have to a little, you know, but Kara says she would have done what she could to make sure things worked out the way she wanted them too.” 
RaeLynn leaned forward on the table, folding her hands. “Kara says if she could have done spells, maybe putting them on people as touch spells throughout the days before the ritual to make them more clumsy. She probably picked the people she was most likely to see out and about. It’s easy to run into Lacey outside Whisper so no one would ever notice. You too Meg. Even Helen is off the mountain a lot when she’s running around. Kara thinks there was some luck involved but also planning. She also said we don’t know how many people were affected. There could be tons of folks who had stupid accidents during the first earthquake.”
“But they had to know there would be an earthquake,” Kyle said.
RaeLynn smiled. “They were counting on it, I’m sure. Kara thinks they were after the spirit of Whisper Mountain, not just any spirit, but they got a different one.”
“Why the Spirit of Whisper?” Meg asked.
“That’s the only one they know of.”
Kyle sort of laughed at the simplicity of that. Allison brought Meg’s breakfast along with Kyle’s French toast. She was back in no time with the rest of Kyle’s breakfast along with RaeLynn’s.
“That was fast,” RaeLynn said. 
“The table by the window can wait a few for their scrambled eggs,” Allison whispered quietly, smiling.
RaeLynn gave Allison a Cheshire cat look of satisfaction. “Now this is service.”
Meg smiled, digging into her eggs just as the earth started shaking again. RaeLynn grabbed the table. Meg and Kyle grabbed their drinks. Kyle managed to think fast enough to grab RaeLynn’s before it fell over. The people at the table waiting on scrambled eggs weren’t so quick. Their coffee mugs bounced across the booth and into the aisle, smashing as they did so. Meg could hear other glasses clinking and some breaking from the kitchen. Abruptly, the earth stopped moving.
“Well that was fun,” Kyle said when it was over.
RaeLynn was gritting her teeth. 
“So now the question is, how does Susanne know the man, who is probably a Meier, and why are they together?” Meg asked. She had given RaeLynn perhaps half a minute to pull herself together. 
It took RaeLynn another few minutes to recover, despite the question. Most of that time was spent with her hands wrapped around her mug. Meg and Kyle ate, Meg tapping her feet on the floor. She wanted to pull out her computer to start looking around but didn’t want to insult RaeLynn by ignoring her. 
Finally the other woman took a deep breath, along with another sip of her coffee, before moving it out of the way and started again. “I went on the assumption that Susanne was who we were talking about. I checked all known associates. I cross-checked people who registered in some of the classes she took as best I could. About three years ago a name started showing up along with hers. The first time it wasn’t even a Whisper retreat but something down in Arizona. His name is Tom Kane. He’s from Michigan, although he’s recently started moving around. His parents were both from this area. His father is related to the Meier family, but through the maternal grandmother, hence the different name.”
“The cousin.” Meg and Kyle looked at each other.
“That’s what I thought. You know they met at a group on finding your one true love. It doesn’t seem like they’re in love though. They keep going to things on how to make someone fall in love with you, how to attract money, how to improve your life type stuff. He’s also quite a bit younger than she is.”
“Assuming that I’m right in recognizing Susanne and not completely freaked out the woman I saw was about fifty or so” Meg said.
“Fifty-four,” RaeLynn responded. 
“And Tom?”
“Thirty-two.”
Meg and Kyle sat looking at each other pondering.
“Kara’s met him too.”
“And?” Meg asked.
“He’s a jerk. He came on to her like he was something hot when really he’s just a big soft guy. Kara said he seemed cruel but she couldn’t put her finger on what made her say that.”
“If he’s a stalker that would fit,” Kyle said.
“Yeah, so we know who. We kind of know why and even a little of how. Now what?” Meg cut into one of her sausages.
“We let Peter do what he does while you go up to talk to Delia.” Kyle put down his fork, looking over at his partner. When the earth started moving this time, it was so sudden that no one managed to grab anything before it went bouncing off to the floor.


RAIN

I was down the hill early because I had an appointment to meet David at the construction site. He had a few questions about the building. I suspected he probably wanted to talk to me about Tom. He may have also wanted to know what I knew about Lacey’s death, seeing as I was the one who found her. 
“Are you sure I can’t go?” Zari A asked, curling around my legs at the door.
“I’m not going to be gone long. Besides, I can’t be totally sure I won’t run into Tom. You’ll be safer here.”
Zari humphed as she changed her course to leap into the window. 
I left the house with her glaring at me. Outside, heavy dark clouds hung around the mountain with little hope that they’d change any time soon. Anywhere else they’d promise rain but here it was merely a threat. It would be nice to get a few more clear days before winter fully set in. I was beginning to suspect that wouldn’t happen.
There were no black trucks lying in wait to follow me down the hill. Tom wouldn’t wait all the way up the mountain. Instead, he’d find me in town and follow me to wherever I went. If I left the area and he could find me by magic, he’d just do it again, which meant there was no point in leaving Whisper. However, if I couldn’t leave the house because of fear, what was the point of staying? I could hire Meg to investigate him. Maybe she even had some pull with the police. Of course, now was probably not the time to ask for a favor. If Tom actually was working with the woman who bound the earth spirit, things didn’t look too good for his long-term future.
I pulled up at the construction site. I saw David’s truck there, but it sat alone. It was still early. I saw no movement over by the building as I walked towards it. I wondered where David could be. The framing was up and the walls where being covered. Going inside still required a hardhat, which I didn’t have on me. It seemed unlikely that David would want to meet me inside.
I walked along the outside, stepping carefully around a sawhorse. A pile of rocks blocked the path I was on. Ahead I could see the fencing around the side of the building but no David. I turned around. 
Tom was standing in what would become the doorway of the building.
“Nice place you’re building here,” he said.
“What do you want?” I asked.
“I made a good offer but you refused. Just like you always refuse.”  He sounded petulant, like a child not getting his way. 
“I have a plan for the building.” I didn’t come any closer to him but I refused to move away. I hoped David would show up soon. I tried not to think that Tom might have hurt him.
“Clearly I do too.”
“How do you plan to afford it?”
“Well, you see,” Tom walked toward me slowly, “I have this earth spirit bound to me now.”  I let myself walk backwards to keep him from touching me that quickly. “And, of course, earth spirits find things in the earth. Like gold.” He pulled his hand out of his pocket to show me what looked like a rock with only the faintest hint of gold on it. 
“There’s plenty more where that came from. We won’t ever have to worry about money again.”
“There is no we, Tom.”  Maybe I ought to have played his game to buy time for David to show up or for someone else to come by but I’m not good at acting. I mean, if this were a casual fun encounter I might act. Now, when my life might depend on it, I could think of no stories, no placating comments that might help me.
“I think there is.”
I started to back away more quickly. I hit the sawhorse table but managed to feel around it. I could feel the fine mist in the air against my face, dragging down my hair. The smell of sawdust took on a damp quality. Moving back around the makeshift table, a splinter worked its way into my hand. I’d have gasped if I wasn’t so focused on Tom. Now it was another annoyance.
“I’m meeting someone here,” I said. Maybe he’d leave if he thought there’d be an audience.
“Not for awhile.”
“What do you mean?”
“I told David that I was here to meet you. He left for coffee.”
That didn’t seem quite right. David knew I had a stalker. He wouldn’t just leave for coffee. Maybe he played it out so he could get the police? 
“I hope he hurries.” I figured there was no reason to let Tom think I like talking with him. I was beyond the table now, which made me feel marginally safer. Tom would have to go around the table before he could get me. I was considering the possibility of turning and running but the earth started shaking again. I saw Tom fall forward. I managed to keep my balance so I turned to run.
I was out onto the street before I finally fell. I lost my footing when the curb ended and the road began. The earth had stopped shaking by that time but I still managed to miss my footing. I’m not a runner. Normally I didn’t care that I’m not a fitness buff, but today I wished I were. I pushed myself up to run for my car when I heard Tom behind me. Instead of jumping up, I made myself roll to the side. He had thrown himself forward to where I was when I was trying to get up. He now lay face down on the cement. I pushed myself to run again.
I was going the wrong direction to get to the main part of town. I needed to run down the next street when I came to the corner. I heard Tom’s heavier breathing behind me. I focused on staying ahead of this man who seemed to have plans for me that I wasn’t going to like. The next time I felt Tom behind me, I tried to swerve but he was expecting that. This time, he managed to grab my arm and pull me close to him.
He was breathing hard from the run, harder than I was. It was good to know he was even less physically fit than me. Unfortunately he was a lot stronger. He marched me back slowly towards the building, his hand like a vice around my upper arm. I looked around hoping for a construction worker who arrived early. 
We came up even with the building. Tom pulled out keys to the truck. It was clearly labeled Barringer Construction but the keys worked. I felt my stomach sink. What had he done to the other man? I thought of Meg. What would she do if she had to lose her father and her best friend with a day of each other?
Tom was pushing me into the passenger side when I looked up at the building in time to see David rubbing his head. Blood ran down the side of his face but he was conscious. He wouldn’t have far to go to get help. That hope, along with the awkward angle of being pushed in the truck allowed me to kick out and get Tom in the groin. It wasn’t a straight on hit but it bought me some time. I managed to get out of the truck and across the street. He hobbled behind me  into the construction area where I fled. I hoped David’s presence would be enough to shield me from my stalker. 
“Is that him?” David asked, sinking to his knees.
“Yes,” I went down with him.
“Then get out of here. I can hardly see straight.”
Tom was standing, leaning against the entry of the fence. I wondered how hard it would be to climb over. My shoes had just enough heel that I didn’t think such a thing would be practical. I backed away from David, still holding my phone. Tom and I faced each other for a long time. It could have been an hour but was probably only thirty seconds. I was aware of every breath I took as well as the sound of every breath David and Tom took. I could feel the phone in my hand as if it were a part of my body. I had no idea what to do with it.
 Tom was advancing on us slowly when the next earthquake hit. I saw the fence start to rattle before I felt anything. The makeshift table started to move back and forth, but was secure. The loosest of the rocks behind me began to roll down the small mound. I found myself backing away from Tom towards the building. When I hit the door frame I felt myself fall, this time straight down onto my rear end. I looked up to see Tom smile.


MEG

Meg followed Kyle out of the diner as everything shook. She lightly held onto the booths as they passed so she wouldn’t fall. Glasses and plates bounced off the tables, hitting the floor and breaking. Meg stepped carefully to avoid eggs and ketchup. Kyle was pushing RaeLynn ahead of him. She and RaeLynn would have stayed sitting at the booth if Kyle hadn’t started moving. The other people in the diner seemed to be following their lead. Were they supposed to move during an earthquake or stay still? Or maybe she was supposed to crawl under a table. Just then a large jolt of movement sent her off balance. Landing with her torso bent over a table reminded Meg that her ribs were still tender even after Amy’s healing. 
Someone behind Meg pulled her to a standing position, then pushed her forward. Kyle was at the door. A moment later Meg was at the door. Outside, she could see other people coming out of buildings, looking around. Alex Meier, the dentist who had the office next to Meg’s, was outside with several patients and the receptionist. Another window had broken. Alex looked lost. 
Even if it was his relative who started the whole mess, Meg couldn’t find it in herself to blame him. Alex was one of the gentlest people you’d ever meet. Amy came out of her office with her arm around someone Meg didn’t know. If it was a patient, this probably wasn’t the most relaxing treatment they’d had. Amy would feel obligated to make it up to them. Helen was right behind her. Just then the small window above Amy’s office door broke, raining glass down around Kyle’s mother. Meg saw her absently brush away at whatever landed on her. She stopped abruptly, bringing the heel of her hand to her mouth, as if she’d gotten a cut.
The next jolt forced Meg’s legs out from under her. Wouldn’t this earthquake ever stop?  She looked up in time to see Peter walking down the street between her apartment building and the diner. He was muttering something under his breath but his eyes were on Meg. He navigated around Kyle and RaeLynn, who were just pushing themselves up to seated positions. Kyle paused from helping Allison up as Peter passed, offering his hand to Meg.
Meg took it, only to feel a sharp pain. She sunk back down. Looking down she saw blood running down her hand. She looked up to glare at Peter but he was watching the street. While the earth jolted again, he held his place easily. Even seated Meg saw everyone else working to keep their balance. Then the earth stopped moving. 
Total silence descended but only for a moment. People were soon talking around each other, describing what had happened. Alex was moving his patients around, talking to his receptionist. Amy was pushing Helen back inside the building. Across the street, Meg saw Susanne. She looked older than the photos Meg and Kyle looked at last night. Were they old pictures, Meg wondered, or did binding the spirit really age her that much? She was walking across the street, quickly, her eyes on Meg with the same focus Peter had had.
Meg looked around to see if Peter noticed, but Peter seemed to have gone as soon as the earth stopped shaking. Just as quickly, the other woman was pulling her up. “Get up and come with me,” she hissed.
Meg pulled back from her, although she allowed herself to be pulled to a standing position. No use having her head at kicking level.
“What do you want?” Meg fought against being pulled into the street.
“Shut up.” Susanne continued to pull. 
“What do you want?” Meg demanded again.
“Like you need to know.”
“Yeah, actually I’d like to know. You’d hate it if I came back to haunt you because I wanted that information.”
The other woman laughed a little hysterically.
“Good luck with that. I should never have listened to Tom but he can be very persuasive. He wanted to do it, you know? And now I’m the one who will pay.”
“Do what?” Meg noticed that as the woman was talking her pulling eased. They were standing in the road but not far from the curb.
“Bind the Spirit of Whisper Mountain. How was I to know I’d needed to be on the mountain?  And how was I to know that I’d need even more power than I have?”
“But you do have power?” Meg said. “You set it up so that a bunch of us got injured at just the right time. You thought you needed our blood to help you bind the spirit.”
Susanne nodded. “I’m good you know. I’m good enough to have had second thoughts. Tom’s very persuasive. He said he’d tell Stephen I was plotting to kill him.”
“Is that why you went through with it?” Meg asked.
Susanne gave a small laugh. “Yeah. I really wanted Michael. He’s the one who ruined my career when he started cooking the books right under my nose. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be that humiliated?” Everything about Susanne seemed defeated in that moment. “And then he hid on Whisper but our spirit can’t go there. I guess they have boundaries. Michael gets the last laugh after all.”
“We can get you an attorney about the embezzling. You know, after the fact people did look at him a little oddly. He wasn’t in the clear.”
“But he had a job. I know he helped me get this one, but it’s almost worse than no job. Stephen was always after anything female. Even old women like me, although he complained about the way my body sages. It actually felt good to know he was dead. I asked for the spirit to do it more slowly with him.” Susanne smiled. Meg could see her eyes glazing as if she weren’t quite all there
“Oh please, one last boon. Please get him,” Susanne whispered. Meg followed the other woman’s gaze and saw where her finger was pointing. It looked like Michael was down the street, coming out of the Cuppa when the earthquake happened. He saw Susanne pointing at him. He tried to back away from the edge of the walk, but there were too many people milling around for him to get very far.  
Meg found she was bracing herself for something to happen although nothing did. Susanne looked at Meg, glaring at her as if this were her fault. She pulled Meg closer to her, pulling her out in the street. Meg could feel something else pulling both of them. She glanced down to see her feet beginning to sink into the concrete. Meg struggled against her captor so she wouldn’t be taken down with her, although she had little hope of getting free of the cement. 
Where was Peter? Wasn’t she still on Whisper?
Kyle was yelling something, but Meg saw him run up the hill. He was running towards a man holding Rain. Rain was struggling as much as Meg. Meg’s heart sank with her feet as she saw Peter there too. Everyone was intent upon rescuing the other woman but she was here in the street, sinking, probably about to die.
Wasn’t getting buried alive once enough? Did it have to happen again?  How exactly could it happen with all these people around?  She felt someone tugging at her arm. It was RaeLynn. Susanne wasn’t letting go on her other side. In fact she was rubbing her hands in the blood on Meg’s arm and rubbing it on her face. She was chanting something that Meg couldn’t quite make out.
RaeLynn was making a face. Meg knew she was still sinking, although slowly. She tried to pull her foot up. She could almost move, but there was just a little too much weight and pressure on her foot. She looked down, wondering if she could dig herself out, but blacktop was right up against her legs with no room to work. Even if she completely stopped sinking, someone would need to jackhammer her out. 
RaeLynn was swearing as she tried to pull Meg, seeing what Meg was seeing but refusing to give in.
“We need help.” Meg told her, looking up. She saw Allison leaning over RaeLynn’s shoulder. 
“Stay there,” she said to RaeLynn. She could have been talking to Meg but the comment would have been ridiculous. Clearly she wasn’t going anywhere. Allison turned to walk up the hill just as the earth gave another heave. Meg felt herself move upward for several feet and then slam back down. She fell forward on the blacktop. RaeLynn landed on the ground beside her. She was in fact, holding on to the ground, as if she was afraid she’d fall off. More glass shattered, showering them with tiny sparkling particles like fairy dust. 
Allison too had fallen. Meg couldn’t see what was happening up the hill because there were too many people blocking her view. She took one of RaeLynn’s hands while the earth heaved up and down again.


RAIN

Tom wasted no time grabbing me again. This time I was kicking and screaming as loudly as I could. David might not be much help to me but I could certainly make a racket. Of course, it didn’t matter if no one was around to hear.
Tom was pulling me out of the building. I kept dragging my feet in the dirt as best I could until first one heel and then the other broke off. I was kind of surprised they lasted as long as they did. So much for my shoes. They were replaceable though. I wasn’t. I got in a few kicks, more because of luck than anything else. I suspect it was the heaving of the ground that allowed me to hit anything. I hated to think what would happen if he’d grabbed me when the earth wasn’t moving. I’d probably be long gone from Whisper by now.
Tom fell backwards once but we were nearly to the fence. He landed against the fence post with enough force to make him grunt. It didn’t make him go down. While it allowed me to get one arm free, I wasn’t able to make him release my other arm. 
“Let me go,” I gasped as he started pulling me again. Would the earth never stop moving? 
Instead of answering me, Tom picked me up and threw me over his shoulder.
“What the hell are you doing?” I was talking to his shoulder blade but yelling loudly enough that he had to hear me.
“Fireman’s carry,” he laughed. “The earthquake works in so many ways. I couldn’t park too close in case you recognized my truck.”
Tom walked, carrying me far too easily. I reminded myself to stop watching my weight. I was going to be curvy when I was a skeleton. No matter how much or how little I ate it all went to my hips, followed quickly by my breasts. I had once been described as Rubenesque. At the time I thought it was sort of insulting. Now I’d have given anything to be Rubenesque enough that even strong guys struggled to carry me.
I continued to flail about but it got me nowhere. I could hear people up ahead. I managed to strain my neck far enough to look up. We were just about to turn down the road that would run by the acupuncture clinic. I wondered if Tom had parked in Amy’s parking lot? We were a full block and a half away from the crowd when Tom set me down. He kept a good grasp on my arm.
“Walk,” he hissed.
“Can I take my shoes off?” I asked. He glanced down at my feet. The heels of my shoes had broken off unevenly so I wasn’t able to even stand flat.
“If anyone asks, you hurt yourself in the earthquake, do you understand?” 
I nodded, not liking what I heard in the quiet urgency of his voice. He pulled me along, although I walked as slowly as I could. I could only hope that by slowing him down someone from the crowd would be more likely to see me, maybe even help me. 
“Can I help you?” Peter materialized on the other side Tom. I nearly jumped. I wasn’t sure how Tom managed not to.
“As if,” Tom snorted.
“I suggest you let her go. If she’s injured, I can help.” Peter’s voice sounded like any other man on the street offering to help fix a broken down car. Just another day. The fingers on his right hand were red, as if he were bleeding. I wondered what injured him. I didn’t know he could be injured, not like that.
“Get out of my way.” Tom pushed against him, his arm out straight. He touched Peter, but the other man didn’t move. There are walls that offer more flexibility. It was Tom’s first clue that not all was as he thought. I could see him looking Peter up and down. Tom must have had six inches on him in height and a hundred pounds in weight, but you’d never know that from the easy way Peter stood.
Tom reached out an arm to push against Peter more forcibly. I heard something snap. Tom’s hand came back hanging limply from the end his arm. His grip on me tightened even more as he let out a howl of rage. 
I heard myself cry out. He was gripping me as if I were his lifeline. At the moment I probably was. I saw someone else practically running up the street towards us. It took me a moment to register that it was the young man, Kyle, from the parking lot. I had all sorts of rescuers. 
Peter’s gaze never left Tom’s face, at least not that I saw. Tom was swearing, using words that even I hadn’t heard recently. 
“Let her go,” Kyle ordered when he reached us. 
“Make me.”
Kyle pulled a swift punch into Tom’s gut. I heard the grunt that Tom gave just as he let me go. I backed up out of reach as he went to take a swing at Kyle. Peter’s arm was there, in the way.
“I don’t think so.” Peter held against Tom, not giving an inch. Nothing in his body suggested that this was at all difficult. He could stand there all day if need be. Knowing Peter, he would.
Kyle walked around the other two to come up to me. “Are you okay?” 
“I think so. David Barringer is up by the construction site with a gash on his head. I think Tom did that.”
“He conscious?” Kyle asked.
“He was. I didn’t notice after Tom pulled me out of the building though.”
Kyle nodded. He pulled out his cell phone and started speaking into it. I wondered who he was calling. If it was the police, I hoped it wouldn’t take them too long to get there. We couldn’t be the only people to have problems after a quake that size.
I looked over Kyle’s shoulder. Tom had pulled his fist back. He and Peter were now staring at each other. I noticed Peter seemed to be slowly moving backwards down the hill. Kyle watched as well, a flicker of surprise across his face. 
“Afraid huh?” Tom was breathing so heavily that his speech was quieter than the air going into his lungs. “You should be. I command the spirit of Whisper Mountain.”
“I doubt that,” Peter responded. He continued to move backward, slowly, drawing Tom with him.
“Oh but I do!  Spirit assist me!” Tom shouted
Peter paused, watching him. His head was cocked towards his left shoulder as it did when he was listening to something only he could hear. Then he shook his head in the negative. 
“I said assist me!” Tom called again.
“No one has ever commanded the spirit of Whisper Mountain.” Peter’s voice was like ice running through my veins. “Do you not wonder why the earth spirit would not attack Michael Whitcomb on the mountain? It won’t come here. You did not bind the Whisper spirit.”
“So you’re trapped because it will get you the minute you step foot off the mountain.”
“I am no more trapped than I ever was.”
Tom was moving towards Peter more quickly, having forgotten that his wrist was most likely broken. Tom could ignore a lot of pain when he started getting angry. The back of his neck was red, always an indicator. Better that Peter deal with him than Kyle or I. He clearly didn’t understand Peter’s meaning. “I’ll toss you across the street. Isn’t that the dividing line?”
Peter smiled a little. “Don’t expect that anything will happen. You’ve never commanded anything. You just provided the blood to help bind it.”
“But that makes it mine to command.”
Peter shook his head. “It was never bound to you. It was bound to the caller. Like the others who inadvertently donated blood for the binding, you are just one more human the spirit wants to destroy to free itself.”
Tom rushed at Peter as if to push him. I saw Peter’s hand reach and  grab Tom’s broken wrist and twist. Tom screamed, the kind of scream you expect from a woman in a horror movie, not a large man of Tom’s size. I wanted to look away but couldn’t. The arm Peter held was bleeding. The earth started jumping before I finished wondering how he’d manage to twist Tom’s arm hard enough to break skin.
I know the earth doesn’t literally jump but the sensation reminded me of the jumping beans I’d played with as a child. You never knew which would jump next. I realized I hadn’t left the ground when I landed on my ass, next to Kyle. I hurt, but nothing seemed broken, not the way it would have been had I really been flying in the air. I could see Tom lying face down in the street, again. 
“Your life is forfeit,” Peter said, looking at Tom. He crouched down before finishing. “And I trade you for the lives of those that are mine. Learn this well, human. Don’t ever think you’re a match for the spirit of Whisper Mountain. You aren’t even a match for an earth spirit half asleep and I’ve been awake for eons.”
I could see Tom looking up at him, mouth slightly open, speechless for once. Peter straightened and walked through the crowd of people on the corner, picking his way through them as gracefully as if he were out on a summer stroll. Never mind that most of the crowd had fallen to the ground and those that hadn’t were holding onto the edges of the building, struggling to stay upright. If anyone had heard Tom’s screams over the rumbling of the earth, they were too distracted by their own problems to come to his aid.  Even if they had tried or heard, most people were struggling to stay upright. No one was running to help anyone.


MEG

At first Meg felt something pulling her legs down, then someone was taking her hand out of RaeLynn’s. Meg started to pull back, worried that she was being pulled away from her friend. 
“Meg, it’s me,” Peter was leaning over her. As he started to pull her up, she felt something grasp her legs even tighter and she began to sink. 
Peter looked up, across the street as if he could see someone pulling on her. He bent down, putting an arm around her waist, lifting her from the earth as easily as if she were ankle deep in sand. Meg put her arms around his neck to offer herself more leverage. She tried to find purchase on the ground, but something seemed to be holding on. She looked down to see Susanne still holding onto her ankles. The other woman had a death grip on them. Meg watched as she continued to sink into the ground, through the blacktop and beneath the packed earth, struggling to pull herself up Meg’s legs but failing. Meg tried to kick her feet free, even as she was horrified by herself for doing so. Susanne didn’t let go. 
 Peter took a step back, holding her against him. The earth jumped again, harder this time, threatening to pull Meg back to the ground. If it weren’t for Peter’s arms around her, she probably would have lost her own hold. He didn’t seem to notice the movement of the earth or at least he didn’t care. She felt Susanne’s hand let go of one of her feet. Meg moved her foot out of the way even as Susanne tried to find it again. 
 She watched as the land swallowed up Susanne’s head but still her hand held onto her foot, the grip not loosening. Meg worried that she’d lose the lower part of her leg, even with Peter holding onto her. She gave one last kick, as the hold seemed to loosen. Limply Susanne’s arm and hand continued to descend into the earth.
Meg could hear something moving, like a large truck underground. The earth jumped again. Meg felt herself move up with the ground but Peter’s body stayed still, as if he were attached to something deeper under the earth, that held a stability the surface did not. 
She turned her head and let it fall to his shoulder, forgetting herself, as she held onto anything that kept her from the wild ride that was moving Whisper. 
All around her Meg could hear yelling over the groaning. As the jumping and the noise went on, Meg’s world shrunk until it was only her holding on to Peter. She could smell the clean earthy scents of a deep evergreen forest as her nose pressed against his shoulder. She could feel him breathing as he held her, but otherwise he was so still that he might have been carved of stone. 
Meg could feel a pressure building up around them. At first she thought Peter’s arms were hugging her even more tightly but as she wiggled a bit, she realized his grip had loosened, such that he embraced her with a gentle hug. Something else was pressing her against him. Her head was up, her hair brushing against the side of his face.
“Shh” he murmured, his lips trailing against her ear as he did so. The pressure increased around them.
Meg felt her body yielding against the pressure but her mind wasn’t. The pressure was there, inside her now, pushing against her, trying to force her into a smaller and smaller box. Closing her eyes, Meg mentally envisioned an exit. The door was large and ornate, like an old theater entrance. She wasn’t sure how the image came to her, but she knew she had to go through there. She pictured herself entering the theater, wondering what was inside. Once through the door, she felt herself drowning in an ocean, not of water, but of memories. There were more memories than she could ever begin to catalogue. Her own life was but a drop compared to this one. She heard thoughts too, most of which made no sense.
She could tell an argument was going on but she felt like when she was a child and would listen in on one from the yard. At that point she could actually see herself out in the yard listening to her mother and grandmother arguing. Meg knew it was about her. She watched the child Meg move towards the window. Traces of recognition came to her. She remembered this incident. She had heard this argument but she wasn’t more than three. Her father would be just around the corner. He’d come back in an instant.
“You can’t teach something like that,” Emma was saying. Her voice was slightly raised. 
“I’ll teach it because I know I have to.”  That was her mom. Meg had never heard her mother stand up to Emma quite like that before. Then she felt her father come over to her, picking her up and carrying her off.
Meg felt her mind losing track of the thread of memory, falling into the ocean of thoughts and memories of things she knew had happened and things that might have happened or might still happen. She had no sense of time or place. 
“You’re safe for the moment.” She heard it there, inside. No one whispered in her ear. She wasn’t sure she still had ears. Even if she did, she wasn’t sure, buried here, within these memories if she’d hear anything spoken to her.
“Probably not.”  
The voice in her mind was Peter’s. She could hear the low, slightly gravelly pitch that was unique to him. Meg found herself vaguely comforted by that thought, enough so that she allowed her mind to go wandering around. She saw herself swimming through memories that weren’t hers.
There were endless waves of humans. She could see Whisper as it was a hundred years ago. Wondering then what it had looked like a thousand years ago an image appeared before her, both familiar and unfamiliar. She could sense the wanderings of every creature on the mountain. Meg felt drawn to the wolves for awhile, trying to figure out what made them tick. She felt herself floating away, her mind not particularly interested in wolves. She wanted to know what Peter thought of her. Her mind seemed to float to memories of her own life, fast forwarded from the first moment she was brought home to Whisper from the hospital. The snapshots that flashed through her mind were not her own memories because the viewpoint was that of another.
Meg let herself settle into the comforting warmth of affection that she felt there. So many places to explore. She wondered about Rain, which rewarded her with memories of the other woman in the house, talking to Peter. She was laughing but pushing him away. She watched another time when there was no pushing away. Meg felt the desire flood through her even as she hated watching the clothes coming off, the giggles. The moment her anger, her sorrow flooded in, the image was gone. 
She could see ghosts off in the distance but wasn’t sure what happened.
“She is mine.” Was that in her head or outside her head?  Meg wasn’t sure. Was the she that was referred to herself or Rain? Meg didn’t know. She felt a wave of pressure as if someone were pulling her out but she wasn’t ready to go. It stopped. 
Meg wandered through Peter’s mind a little longer, trying to understand what he was. In so many places all she found was desire, but whether the desire was sexual or something else, it was equally strong. She understood in that moment that to be an earth spirit was to know desire. The gift of desire in fact was the earth spirit’s gift to those who were caught in mortality. Meg wasn’t sure why but she knew that now. No voice told her anything or guided her but the knowing was there, as if she had always known it but forgotten.
Meg needed to get back to her body. No matter how pleasant the stay, she knew she needed to go back. She imagined herself swimming in the direction she thought would take her back to her body, feeling foreign thoughts grabbing at her thoughts. Sometimes she would lose the thread of the ocean to watch birds in the trees or people cooking over an open fire. One time during her swim, she realized everything she did was observed by Peter. He could feel the very cells in her body reacting to what he thought and did. His own mind rifled hers for memories because it could, because she knew the desire was also insatiable curiosity. She was more naked than she had ever been in her life, stripped of everything. She worked to pull herself apart from him, separate and unique as she’d ever been.
Then she was there, standing on the street. Peter was still holding her up. As soon as she could feel her fingers and toes, he pushed her slightly away, taking her face in both his hands, looking carefully into her eyes.
“You’re back.” It was a statement not a question, but Meg couldn’t help hearing the surprise.
“Where else would I be?” 
The right corner of his mouth pulled back as if he were going to smile. “Where else indeed?” Peter hugged her again, not letting her go.
Meg could feel her body responding. She was aware enough of the connection to wonder how much was her desire and how much Peter’s, but all the same, she was the one fighting the urge to turn her head and start kissing him. Even the line of his jaw looked so ready for her mouth. If he turned to face her, she wasn’t sure she’d resist.
As her awareness of her surroundings came back, Meg thought that although Lacey had often recommended tearing Peter’s clothing off, doing so in a public place, where half of Whisper was gathered, was probably not what she had in mind. Meg sighed, wishing she could run up the mountain to her friend, talking through her experience.
“Better?” Peter asked, as he moved back just far enough to look at her.
“I think.” Meg wanted to bury herself against him again. Nothing had ever felt that good or that safe. “What happened?” 
“The earth spirit that was bound has been freed. Unfortunately, Susanne was holding onto you at about the time it was freed. It saw you two as working together, so it planned to take you down with her. I was able to keep you safe.”
Meg didn’t have anything more to say. She was busy watching the changing spectrum of colors from green to gold to brown to green that flickered through his hazel eyes. 
“Keeping you safe came with a certain risk Meg. Not everyone would have found their way back to their body.”
“Really?” Meg hadn’t had any thought that she was ever in danger.
“Really, Meg. It’s probably something we should talk about. However, the discussion with the other earth spirit has tired me so we’ll need to have that talk at a later time.”
“Okay.” Meg reluctantly let her arms unclasp from around his neck as Peter stepped back from her. His eyes never left hers. She felt his hand grab her hand, offering one last squeeze as he turned to walk up the hill. He appeared to turn the corner though she couldn’t see him farther than that.
“Meg!” Allison was behind her with RaeLynn, both women holding onto her as if she had suddenly become fragile and delicate. Meg realized her legs were sort of shaky so she let them lead her towards the diner. 
“Are you okay?” RaeLynn babbled. “I saw him pull you out of the earth but then he got all shadowy and was just huge, like he was the mountain and I couldn’t see you at all.”
Meg understood little of what RaeLynn was saying. Still the sound of her voice was comforting as she was led inside the relative safety of the diner.


RAIN

Kyle and I held on to each other as the earth moved and shook yet again. I watched from our vantage up the hill and above most of the other watchers as a building on the other side of Baseline started to break apart. I gasped.
Kyle swore. 
First the edge of the roof fell forward onto the street, knocking one man to the ground, burying him. Then the rest of it seemed to start sliding back down the hillside, away from the town. 
“Was that your office?” I asked. I knew it was close to where Barringer and Associates sat but I felt so disoriented with the earth moving around. After being carried upside down I’m not sure I could have found my way home.
“‘Was’ being the key word. I hope David had insurance.”
I found myself looking over my shoulder but it appeared the framework of my building was still standing even as the earth stilled. 
Kyle and I both got up. Tom was sitting on the ground a few feet down the hill. He was also getting up. He didn’t look at us. I let myself look past him. There, I could see a shadow engulfing a woman. It was getting bigger, sending dirt and stones swirling around. I saw people moving back as they covered their eyes. 
Beyond the shadow, as if facing off against it, was another very similar shadow. It wasn’t quite as spectacular but it too was creating quite a swirl of stones and dirt. I could feel a breeze against my face, and although it wasn’t a fast moving breeze pushing against my body, it had an edge to it that felt anything but gentle. At the same moment, as if choreographed, the swirling stones stopped. I could see through them but the landscape beyond was darker as if I had put on  a pair of sunglasses. I could smell something damp, like the world after a hard rain. There was also that feeling of stillness, before the birds and insects came back out.
“What’s going on?” I whispered to Kyle.
“Don’t you know?” he asked.
I shook my head. 
“I think,” he paused, trying to decide how to word it,  “I think that’s what Peter looks like when he’s not in human form.”
It made sense. Peter was the mountain spirit. That the shadow would be vaguely like the mountain made perfect sense. For some reason he appeared to be facing off against the other earth spirit. No one was moving now. I couldn’t hear anything from the street. Other people had to be moving their eyes as I was. There was Tom standing still, craning his head up, a few feet below us on the hill. Did he know that’s the man he was trying to intimidate earlier? I wanted to laugh but it would be like laughing at church. For some reason I didn’t want the attention of the two spirits on me. I stood, holding my laughter in, watching. 
Gradually the other spirit receded in size. Then the one that had to be Peter did so as well. I glanced over to see if I could see Tom’s reaction but he wasn’t there. I looked around at where he could have gone. I noticed a patch of earth slowly closing like a wound healing in fast forward. I thought I saw a hand but I wasn’t sure. When it closed there was nothing to indicate Tom had ever been there.
“Where’s Tom?” I whispered to Kyle. I had a hunch I knew but wanted reassurance that he had seen what I thought I saw. The shadow form became Peter once again. He was holding Meg, which surprised me a little. That she was holding him up as much as he held her up was an even bigger surprise.
Kyle shook his head. “I’ll let Sheri know he might have gotten away. Where are you staying?”
“Up the mountain.”
“Peter can make sure he doesn’t get too close. I’ll make sure the police keep an eye out.”
I nodded absently, thinking that the police wouldn’t ever find him. Tom was buried in the street. What about the woman he worked with? Had she fared any better? Peter was turning from Meg, walking towards us. I was planning to ask him about what happened but he turned into the alley next to Allison’s building. I didn’t follow. He’d tell me when he wanted to. 
“Let’s go,” Kyle said, not even noticing that I was barefoot and glass seemed to litter the road. 
When I pointed that out, he picked me up, carrying me over it and into the diner. He set me down on a chair towards the middle of the room. There wasn’t much glass scattered around right near me but I could see it on the counters and on the floor near where people had been sitting. Allison was going to need to invest in some new dishes and glassware.
“RaeLynn,” he called. The other woman came scurrying out. 
“Can you stay with Rain for awhile?  I don’t want her stalker trying to take advantage while we’re all distracted.”
“No problem.” If RaeLynn’s smiled quivered a little, didn’t it have reason to do so? It couldn’t be the idea of my stalker. She sat down at the table near me.
“Is Meg back there?” Kyle asked.
“Allison is cleaning her up. She’s got quite a cut on her hand. I think she’s in shock.”
“Being that close to Peter when he disincorporates can do that to a person,” Kyle said, distracted.
“Excuse me?” RaeLynn said. 
“Why?” That was me. I wanted to know why.
Kyle shrugged. “I probably shouldn’t say.” He glanced meaningfully over at RaeLynn. For some reason he just assumed that I knew about Peter. Well maybe Meg had told him I was living up there. Or Sheri.
“Oh for heaven’s sake, I was there. Clearly the guy isn’t exactly what he seems. So what’s the deal?” RaeLynn demanded. I didn’t bother trying to hide a smile. It’s the sort of thing I’d have said.
“Humans can’t get that close to a nature spirit. Their spirits are so much larger than ours. It’s sort of like a strong-willed person with a weaker-willed one. It’s not that he’s trying to get anything, he just does what comes naturally. He can’t help himself.”
I found myself nodding. “Just like when…” I trailed off not wanting to announce to the world that I’d had sex with him.
Kyle gave me a rather knowing look, although there was a bit of speculation there, as he nodded slowly. I’d have a lot to discuss with Zari A later on.
“So what does that mean for Meg?” RaeLynn clearly chose to ignore the look Kyle gave me. 
“For most people it would be overwhelming. I heard from Mom that a long time ago the shamans who communed would sometimes lose themselves in his spirit and never return to their bodies. Meg couldn’t have gone that deep but she must have gone farther than most of us.”
“You often see him as a spirit?”
“Not exactly,” Kyle hedged. I could see the faintest traces of a blush at his collar. Fortunately for him his olive skin tone kept the redness to a minimum. I couldn’t help smiling thinking about the female body Peter used from time to time. In fact, he and Zari A talked about the surprise he had had when the new settlers to Whisper failed to take him seriously as a woman. He’d had to create a male body in order to get their respect. Since then, he seemed to have gotten used to being male.
RaeLynn looked from one of us to the other but said nothing. “Should I call her father?” 
“I’ll take her up to her mom’s. David may be at the hospital. I’d rather Meg rest some place where someone can take care of her than in her apartment.”
“Okay.” 
“Thanks for helping out. I expect that we’re done for the day.”
“A few days I bet.” RaeLynn made her eyes quite big, remembering now that they had no office.
“When Meg is up to it, I’d love to talk to her about office space. I have a building going up.”
Kyle smiled a little. “I’m sure we’ll be thrilled to hear what you can offer and how soon. Give RaeLynn your contact information.”
He turned to walk back into the kitchen, leaving me to exchange my personal information with RaeLynn. I was a little hurt to be almost ignored. Wasn’t I the pretty girl he had just rescued? Then again, if I were going to be his landlord, maybe he was afraid of mixing business with pleasure. Who knew?


MEG

Meg didn’t have a lot of memory of the rest of the day. Certainly the incidents in the street took longer than she remembered. When she found herself in Kyle’s car, the sun was sinking down along the horizon. She remembered Kyle shaking her shoulder when they arrived at her parent’s home. Her mother was in the front yard before Meg understood where she was, helping get Meg inside. Meg remembered having some water before asking to go lie down. 
She woke up in her old bedroom wearing a very old pair of pajamas, so either she had managed to undress or her mother had undressed her. Meg sat up, looking around the room. The house looked the same. One of the figurines on the dresser was missing. It was probably a casualty of the earthquakes. She got up and pushed aside the curtain, not surprised to see the sun peaking through clouds. The shadows outside the window suggested it wasn’t yet noon.
Meg wandered downstairs not bothering to dress. She could hear voices in the kitchen.
“Well, look who is among the living. I was starting to worry you’d be my one wrong prediction,” Emma said, looking up from her coffee.
Meg smiled a little. “I finally feel like I’m awake.”
“I would hope so. You slept like the dead from the time you got here until now. I heard you stirring about an hour ago but you didn’t really seem to wake,” Meg’s mother said.
“What time is it?”
“About 11:30.”
“Wow. I really was out. All of sudden I couldn’t keep my eyes open.”
“It was probably the shock of the way Peter was protecting you from the other earth spirit.” Emma looked at Meg expectantly. Meg didn’t say anything.
“It wasn’t exactly the way I’d have wanted him to protect you, but you managed to get yourself into the thick of it, didn’t you?” Emma was nearly glaring at her.
Meg sighed. “Is he okay?”
Meg’s mother laughed. “Is Peter okay she asks, as if she weren’t nearly killed.”
“It took a lot of energy but I’m sure he’ll be fine,” Emma told her.
Meg wanted to say more about Peter but her mother was hovering. Instead she asked, “Have you heard from Kyle? What about Sheri?” 
“Sit down,” Meg’s mother said. “Helen called. Kyle is fine, although he’s pretty exhausted too. Sheri will come up after she hears from you to work out what happened so she can write a report.”
“Oh heaven’s, work,” Meg said remembering. “I need to call RaeLynn. I think I lost my phone and my laptop...” she trailed off.
Her mom was shaking her head. “Kyle remembered them. You were too out of it to notice.”
Meg nodded. “I should probably go into work.”
“Just like your father, ready to run into work. You know he hit his head during the earthquake?”
“Is he okay?” Meg asked. She sensed more to the story but wasn’t sure what. Her mom wasn’t intentionally lying to her but Meg sensed she was protecting her.
“He’s fine. As I said, he was running off to work as soon as he got up this morning.”
 “Did he get the windows repaired on my office yet?”
Emma and Barb exchanged a look.
“What?” Meg snapped. She hated secrets, although her Gram seemed to thrive on them.
“There is no building,” Barb said, looking at her daughter. She sat down at the table with Meg and Emma. “It slid down the hill. Don’t you remember?”
Meg shook her head, trying to think if she’d seen any such thing. 
“It’s just gone?  Where will I work?”
“I think your father has that commercial building project. I know the young woman has been interested in talking to you about renting.”
Meg made a face, thinking about Rain. Meg tried to remember what it was she had seen about the other woman in Peter’s mind. It hadn’t been exactly what she expected, although there were things there she hadn’t wanted to know. It was hard to focus on any one memory, as the amount of memories she had visited was overwhelming. She felt herself getting tired just trying to sort through the threads of what she saw or thought she saw in Peter’s mind.
“Let’s go upstairs,” Emma said, taking Meg’s arm. “I want to look over that cut and clean it out and perhaps clear anything still binding you to Peter.”
“I’ll make that frittata recipe I found. It uses potatoes in place of bread crumbs,” Meg’s mother said quietly as she set to bustling around the kitchen. Meg didn’t see her look back at her daughter, a slightly worried frown on her face.
Back in her room, Meg sunk down on her bed. Emma went into the bathroom and returned with cotton balls and some peroxide. She pulled up the child’s chair that still sat in Meg’s room and began to check out her forehead.
“Isn’t it healed yet?” Meg asked.
“It’s healing well. I’m thinking I want to clean it once more now that you aren’t linked to the other earth spirit.”
“You’ve always known haven’t you?”
“About Peter?” Emma asked her.
“Yes. You know about what happens when you get close to him like I did. Has it happened to you?”
“It’s an intimacy that not everyone can handle,” Emma said gently. “It’s not like Peter can be anything but what he is. He isn’t a person. He’s the mountain. It’s like saying only you understand nature when nature is there for everyone.”
“I could see a lot of people while he was holding me. It was like knowing him totally. Is that what he saw in me?”
“I don’t know what Peter sees. I do know that each time you find yourself around him, it becomes easier to fall more deeply into his psyche. It’s why the relationship you dream of isn’t possible.”
Emma glanced down, choosing her next words carefully. “I said you were too much like your mother. Can you imagine her without your father? He was always the one and only for her. I think she was the only girl I ever knew who didn’t have a crush on Peter at one time. Your Mom had already met your father. She knew he was the man for her even then. You’re loyal like her. Look at how distressed you get over Rain.”
Meg understood what her Gram was saying, but she could feel her truth sense screaming that the story her Gram was weaving wasn’t quite true. Meg didn’t quite know how to sort out which statement was a lie, although she could almost touch it. It was like there were chords in a melody with just a few in disharmony.
“Peter’s love is never personal. Any intimacy with him is always fleeting. I think our lives are so small, so quick, it’s not possible for him to get really close. Our time is just too short. Of course, to make matters worse, most people can only handle the most superficial of psychic intimacy so it doesn’t bother them. I mean, you’ve probably had enough.”
Meg shook her head. “It wasn’t like that. I just felt like I was swimming. I felt safe. I was known and it was sort of embarrassing but mostly I just remember feeling safe.”
“Then clearly you weren’t very deeply connected.”  Emma turned to throw away the cotton ball she had used for cleaning. “I can’t believe it’s possible for anyone to bond deeply with Peter and feel safe. The power of his mind and his spirit is just too strong.”
Again there was that thread of discord, this humming so loud Meg was surprised that even her Gram didn’t hear it.  
Meg sighed but said nothing. Her grandmother knew what she said was a lie. No matter what Meg asked or said, the other woman wouldn’t explain further.  
Standing up from her chair, Emma patted her knee. “Don’t worry about Rain. You’ll find you quite like her I think.”
Meg glared over at the older woman wondering what she meant. Her Gram held her eyes for a few breaths before leaving with the medicine kit. 
Meg flopped back on her bed, sadness gathering around her. She didn’t know why but her Gram was lying to her. Meg had always been the older woman’s favorite. She knew the truth of that when her mother told her that, when her cousins said that. Emma had taken Meg with her everywhere when she was a child. Meg had thrived on the attention. She idolized the old woman. Now, her grandmother she idolized wasn’t being honest. Why was Emma lying to her about Peter? So far as Meg knew, Emma understood Peter better than anyone. She was probably able to navigate a deeper connection, so why did she think Meg couldn’t?
Meg searched her mind trying to find a link, finding herself seeing Emma through eyes that weren’t quite her own. Startled, she realized she was accessing more of Peter’s memories. She couldn’t remember having seen those things the other day, but there they were in her mind. Meg tried sorting the memories into something that made sense but fell into a light doze, waking only when her mother called her down for the meal. Meg made her way down the stairs, attempting to adjust to a new reality where her Gram could lie to her, Lacey was dead, and she herself could remember things that had never actually happened to her.


EPILOGUE

Surprisingly, everything worked out better than Meg expected. Her father took care of the building. She heard Alex found a temporary place for his dental practice and would get new offices as soon as the her father rebuilt the building. Alex was having a grand time helping with the layout. His assistant had some cuts from when she fell during the last earthquake but no one had any major injuries. 
Lacey’s funeral was huge. One of her cousins was going to take over the farm, which pleased Meg. It would be nice to know that the home and farm Lacey built wasn’t going to be turned over to a stranger. Her cousin might change things, but he would know what the garden design and the family photos meant. Meg found herself driving over there by mistake on more than one occasion. She usually drove around the corner to have tea with Delia, both of them reminiscing over the woman who had been daughter and best friend.
RaeLynn found a place in New Whisper called the Meeting Place that rented conference rooms and offices by the day or week. It wasn’t as expensive as Meg feared. They rented a space three days a week. Meg had the option of renting the space on the other days if it was needed. Meg set up phone forwarding to a new cell phone.
While RaeLynn updated the website with their new information, Sheri, Kyle, and Meg drafted a report about what happened on the mountain. 
“Why don’t we say that Susanne hired someone to kill Elaine, Michael, and Stephen. She felt buried in lies so she wanted them to bury the people responsible.”
“Except Elaine wasn’t responsible,” Meg protested.
“Then she was an example to Michael.” Kyle made a note on his computer. “What did happen to Michael?”
“He was there during the last earthquake. He walked down from the Old Whisper Inn where he was staying to get a coffee as near as we can tell. The earthquake started when he was in front of the Cuppa. He seems to have disappeared after that.”
“It’s sort of too bad that Elaine got her revenge anyway,” Meg said.
“He wasn’t exactly innocent. He set her up, largely so he had more money for his wife to spend. From what we can gather that was Susanne’s issue. She had a lot of journals around her house.”
“Richmond was sexually harassing her?”
“She couldn’t report it because he threatened to make it look like she was embezzling from his company too. Poor woman. She really was in a mess.”
“She called up an earth spirit that killed five people, including Lacey.” Meg glared over at Sheri.
“It sounds like calling an earth spirit was Tom’s idea. He really wanted to show the Whisper branch of his family that he was as powerful as he thought they were. He wanted something they didn’t have. Susanne wrote a lot about it. She didn’t like the idea of calling on a nature spirit. She seemed to have a sense of what she was getting into there, even if she didn’t balk at a lot of other things, like selling curses. As far as I can research, she was right.”
“Why did she do it?” Kyle asked. He hadn’t gotten to read the diaries. As an official Whisper police officer, Sheri had seen them but no one else got to.
“Tom started blackmailing her too. He threatened to tell the authorities she was embezzling. He said he could get Richmond to go along with it because he would back up Susanne’s claims of sexual harassment if he didn’t. He’d be the person to offer proof that the other was lying if they didn’t each play his game. He was a real jerk, although it sounds like his early family life was pretty dysfunctional.” Sheri leaned back in her chair.
“He was Rain’s stalker, wasn’t he?” Kyle asked.
Sheri nodded. “She wasn’t the first. She didn’t know this but he’d been reported for stalking three other women in Michigan. Two are dead now under mysterious circumstances. She was probably right to flee when she did. Fortunately she had the money to do it.”
“Yeah.” Meg tried not to sound too sarcastic. They argued over details of what happened until the report was good enough, in Sheri’s opinion. Was it iron clad? No. But there was enough truth in the report to keep the chief happy. The only loose end for Meg was that they left Lacey’s death an accident.
The Meeting Place wasn’t too far away from Whisper proper. It did mean Meg actually had to drive to work. After all that happened, she didn’t particularly mind. There was plenty of parking. She had a Starbucks across the street. The people there didn’t know Meg’s mom, which meant she could order what she liked. She was enjoying her breakfast sandwiches along with her chai. 
Early in the morning they were to meet with Rain. Meg got to their temporary office first. She set up her laptop. RaeLynn would be in shortly. Kyle was in charge of food. Tea was on hand at the office. Meg found she missed the smell of incense that RaeLynn burned every morning. This office smelled vaguely damp and earthy. It made Meg uncomfortable, reminding her as it did of the earth spirit and her encounter with Peter. 
Shadows played around the corners of the room. Meg jumped when they formed into a human shape. As it took on more form and grew larger, the damp smell grew stronger. Meg backed up against the wall. If she screamed, could anyone save her?
“I am not here to hurt you,” the shadow figure said. “The other has made sure that you are safe from me and any other elemental spirit should you find yourself inadvertently interfering again.”
“Why are you here?”
“Perhaps I am curious,” it said. “I don’t understand humans the way the other does. I am not sure I want to. Why do you do things like this? I offer such wonderful places for you to live and yet you remain away from us?”
“I guess it’s just what we know.”
“It’s too bad. The other has told me that you are unusual. You still bear the mark that you are protected. Should you have need of my assistance on my land, I am bound to see you safe as a return of the boon given me when I took my enemies from the mountain.”
“Thank you,” Meg said not sure what else to say. 
“You have an impressive soul, child, if you can bond so deeply with one such as I and live. Do not underestimate your worth.” The spirit faded into the shadows as it departed. 
“Okay, I have lots of cookies,” Kyle said walking in. “And scones. And even some donuts. I figured your mom can get mad at me later. Today you can feast on whatever we don’t eat. You are back in your apartment, aren’t you?” 
“Oh yeah. Believe me, one night at my folks’ house was enough for me.” Meg hoped that Kyle didn’t notice that she was still reeling from her encounter with the earth spirit. It didn’t seem to have been a horrible experience, so much as a strange one. She wasn’t sure what she’d say to him if she tried to talk to him about it, so she did her best to not have to say anything at all.
RaeLynn followed him in. She had her own laptop which she set up on the table. She opened a program to take notes. She checked to make sure Meg had started the hot water before settling down to work.
“It smells a bit musty in here,” RaeLynn commented.
“I noticed that. I hope that we can get into the new building soon because it sort of bothers me,” Meg responded evenly. She had no desire to discuss the comments from the earth spirit. She wasn’t sure what to think or even feel about them. She hadn’t even worked up the courage to talk to Peter about what had happened between them. Meg supposed she just wasn’t ready to give up her infatuation.
“It’s definitely getting closer to completion,” RaeLynn said.
RaeLynn and Meg discussed some details on billing for a different case. Kyle made some notes on his computer while he waited for the meeting to start. Rain showed up promptly. Although Amy warned her, Meg was still surprised when Rain brought her cat. It was a reddish-colored feline that she described as a ruddy Abyssinian named Zari A. 
Meg smiled a little but was unsure what to say. She’d have to ask Kyle what he thought later.
“Peter’s told me a lot about you and your business. I think you’re a good fit for the way I hope to run that office building,” Rain said.
“He suggested I talk to you about the building,” Meg said. 
Rain smiled brightly. “Both your Dad and Peter have been a huge help in my getting this building started. It’s really amazing.”
“Peter is that,” Kyle said drily.
Rain turned her bright smile on Kyle. She looked back at Meg and continued, “I’m glad to hear your dad was fine after the earthquake. He’s been just as helpful. I hope he’s able to rebuild your old building?”
“Fortunately a little bird suggested my father get earthquake insurance about six months ago,” Meg responded.
“Excellent. I love it when people listen to their intuition,” Rain replied.
“So what about the offices?” Meg asked.
“I haven’t actually rented anything out yet, so you can have as much space as you want and can afford. I would like to make an offer though. I’ve talked to RaeLynn about how I’d like to help abused women. I’m interested in starting a security firm. I’d do personal and small corporate security. It would also be a way I could help abused women disappear when they need that service. That would be off the books. I also thought an investigation business would be appropriate. I have an outline for a computer network that would make it far easier and faster to find information. However, I’ve been told that Whisper doesn’t need more than one investigation firm, so I was hoping you’d be interested in teaming up. I don’t want to investigate per se, but I want to know that the women I help won’t be found. As you know, I’ve been through that. You’d still do what you do best as an investigator. I can take over every day office management and run the security side. I can also offer you a great deal on rent.”
Meg was looking at her, startled. What exactly was the woman proposing?
“Holy shit,” Kyle said.
“What?” Meg asked.
“We need to say yes Meg.”
“Why?”
“This is like a whole new chapter of the business. When you first hear it you won’t believe it. I hardly believe and I heard it from Zari A. Cats don’t generally lie.”
“I’m confused.”
“You can talk to Zari A?” Rain asked. “Really?”
“I’m good with animals,” Kyle hedged. 
RaeLynn sighed and rolled her eyes.
“And what could a cat say that means we have to take this offer Kyle?” Meg asked.
“Zari A is a very special cat and she trusts Rain. Peter trusts Rain. I think we need to do this,” Kyle said, “whatever the costs. In fact, if you won’t say yes, I’ll do it on my own, if they’ll have me.”
“I’d feel better if you wouldn’t threaten me Kyle. I’d appreciate it if you’d explain a little more,” Meg was really getting frustrated with being pushed towards this woman without any explanation.
“Zari A is a very special cat,” Rain cut in. “She’s bonded with me so we’re kind of a pair. I can see that she quite likes Kyle. I hope you’ll listen. It’s kind of a long story.”
“I’m all ears,” Meg said. 
Rain began telling the story of how she met Zari A a few years ago. Meg, Kyle, and RaeLynn listened, absorbed in the story, beginning with the rainy night that the other woman stopped to rescue a very distressed cat. Meg listened to Rain’s story of confusion and certainty that she was going crazy thinking she was hearing the cat talk to her. 
“I finally started accepting that Zari A was actually talking to me,” Rain continued. “So I decided to work with her. She told me she was an alien sent here to see how the dominant species lived. Unfortunately she didn’t choose the right dominant species, but apparently there are others who are human and dolphin and I forget what else. At any rate, Zari A is a cat, so maybe she did get the right species?” Rain laughed.
“Zari’s background gives her some pretty advanced technical knowledge. She set up some programs to track stocks. I started investing. I made quite a lot of extra money. At first it was great because I could pay off my bills.” Rain talked about her time working in social work for nonprofits. While the work was important, the pay could make day-to-day life a struggle. 
“Now she wants to work on a computer network that allows me to get information that I might need to help women disappear. It can also be used to help you with investigations. It sounds quite powerful.”
The three of them sat there staring at Rain. RaeLynn had her mouth hanging open. Meg and Kyle exchanged looks. 
“What the heck,” Meg said finally. “What kind of a Whisper detective would I be if I turned down a talking cat who isn’t exactly a cat? Besides I’ve heard from Gram, Peter, and even my father that I ought to take your offer. They just didn’t tell me it would be about more than office space. I’m sure at least two of them knew that.”
“Excellent,” Rain said. “I have the contracts right here. We’ll have the entire third floor then.”  Stunned and not quite sure what was happening, Meg found herself signing, thinking about what her Gram said about her liking Rain. There was indeed far more to this woman and her story than met the eye. Meg figured the jury was still out on whether she would like Rain. Even if she didn’t like her, it did look like the other woman was going to make her life very interesting.


About the Author
Bonnie Elizabeth has been writing since she was eight years old when she wrote her first book on several pieces of lined paper. The manuscript has long since been lost. Since that time she has worked at a variety of jobs including veterinary receptionist, cemetery administrator and licensed acupuncturist. She has continued to write in a variety of venues, from blogging to writing about acupuncture under her full name and title, Bonnie Koenig, EAMP.
 
You can contact her or find out more by visiting her publishing website at mybigfatorangecat.com. 
