







White 
Wings
David Pollitt
















White 
Wings
David Pollitt


Professional Book Publishing
Nashville, Tennessee
White Wings
Copyright © 2018 by David Pollitt
All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means: electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or any other, except for brief quotations in printed review, without the prior permission of the author.

 


Preface
     As usual, this book has been a delight to write; but through pray and listening to my inner voice, I toned it down to cause greater respect for the Lord and His dominion. I realize that it is very humorous in spots and serious in others, but hopefully, it does not offend Christians since we are talking about a science fiction book with very Biblical characters. 
     I discussed how to categorize this book with a good friend. Is it a children’s book? No! Is it for teenagers? Maybe! Is it for only adults? No! Is it for the mature? I believe so. Great tongue and check. Sarcasm. Metaphors. Yes, all of that. It is just fun. Simple as that. 
      What was fun for me was to include resources from other literature like The Books of Enoch, the Book of Legends, and others that provided some rich material about the watchers even with the names they used. 
     I really had to develop a sense for what was appropriate since this book is the sixth in the series of The Maranatha Chronicles. What I mean by that is dealing with romance and to carefully edit how I talked about how adults discuss that love and romance. I believe I handled it very well. It was right on the edge many times, but I believe I was able to reach a good and appropriate, even righteous balance that should not offend any adult reader. 
    This book took two years to complete since last year I took the time to write and build a Christian leadership program for a college and seminary I support.  

Other Books By David Pollitt
Cleft of the Rock				    	2002
(A study on the 23rd Psalm)		
Talking the Talk of the New Covenant Species   		2004
With Fear and Trembling: Walking the     		2004
Walk of the New Covenant Species			2004
Hope For Gentle Old Men-Poetry	   		2004
Christian-Based Science Fiction
End-time Series: The Maranatha Chronicles
Part I: Irish: An Angel’s Journey		    		2011
Part II: Children of the Sanctuary 	    		2011
Part III: Armageddon Darkness	                       		2011
Part IV: Day of the Dragons				2013
Part V: White Wings					2018
Part VI: Nephilim Wars			            		2011
Other Science Fiction
The Noah Clan: Dark Nephilim Seeds	               		2013
Floaters							2013
Black Ice							2014
Musterion: The 13th Disciple				2016

Other Non-Fiction: Educational and Management
Better Organizational Communication & Training	 	2009     
Preparing Excellence for the Excellent	           			2011
Training Teachers About Differentiated Instruction		2014
Training Project Designed for the State of Tennessee
     On Literacy and Professional Development			2015
Conflict Resolution Training					2015
Project for the Tennessee Department of Education
     On Graduate Technical Capstone				2015
Improving Customer Service Experience with Better Listening	2015
Training Managers with Emotional Intelligence			2015
The Importance of Play in Early Childhood Classroom-Teacher 
     Training							2016
Christian Leadership Training Program				2017                  








Part I
Playing the Eternal Game
     The gates were not too far away, and the air was lit with the brilliance of the crystal river flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb. It was so bright that even some of the angels who met regularly with Jesus on the most important missions wore sunglasses to protect themselves from the glory; something Jesus kidded them about it on occasion, but it was only teasing. 
     Far around the heavenly city were the angels who cared for man. Even Aaron the Commander of the Angel Legions knew these angels and nodded to them as he came and went. “There was Uriel, who was over the world; Raphael, who was over the spirits of men; Raguel, who took vengeance on the world of the luminaries; Michael, set over the virtues of mankind and over chaos; Saraqael, who is set over the spirits, who sin in the spirit; Gabriel who is over paradise and the serpents of the Cherubim, and Remiel, whom God set over those who rise.” These angels never left their post, and Aaron knew them all. 
     Yet, it was Aaron who called the angels to war and battle. It was Aaron who stood as tall as any angel at over seven foot and handled a massive sword for war that has five-foot long and two-foot wide. It was Aaron who was known for his top-down cut with battle that all dark angels talked about. One cut from the shoulder through the torso left all dark angels having to heal for years sometimes. Only Dar Raven, the commander of the dark legions repeatedly battled Aaron having never won. Other dark angels considered Aaron to be Dar Raven’s problem, not theirs. At least they hoped not. If that was not enough, Aaron had Joseph as tall as Aaron with shoulders like a bull as if he lifted buildings for exercise. He was so wide that it was hard to see around him. There was Caleb, the most beautiful of male angels, known despite his smaller size than others for his acrobatic moves and talents. Even when he was around the heir-servant (female) angels or human women caused light headedness and deep sighs. It was Abraham who was the oldest angel on Aaron’s close-knit team. He was the oldest angel by a thousand years but refused to be the leader. He was pitch-polished black and even at his advanced age greatly respected by all the other angel warriors (Powers). He seldom came to earth and remained an important advisor to Aaron as needed. 
Irish
     Of course, there was Irish, one of the oldest heir-servant angels whose beauty never went unnoticed. She was Aaron’s angelic wife to-be when New Jerusalem settled on earth but not before. Even dark angels knew about Irish and the love between Aaron and her. Where Aaron was, there was Irish. She used that name thousands of years ago when she decided to adopt her almost Celtic sing-song accent, and it was always Irish now. When she walked, she swayed and used such grace that it was beyond attraction and sexual; it was alluringly magnetic. She often made fun of Aaron’s long braided blonde hair that was so long that he would wrap it around his waist for battle, but hers was dark black and wrapped in wisps of naturally feathered looks that were accented by her long neck line, her muscled traps, and well-defined triceps. She was right at 5’11” and nothing about her was out of proportion even though she only weighed right at 120 lbs. Others thought she was too beautiful to look so athletic and well-toned, but it was from thousands of years helping Powers with fitting them with their battle armor. She always volunteered for that duty when she could. It gave her an extra chance to see Aaron. Every minute with him was precious to her. All of her was accentuated by her heavenly rainbow colors; the colors of all heir-servant angels including the pupils of her eyes that swirled rainbow stars like Powers had swirling bright white stars in theirs.
     Aaron liked to walk with Irish close to the jasper stone walls near one of the farthest of the three east gates. It was far enough from much of the intense activity of heaven, but it gave them time to be together, just the two of them. There was a pond nearby that Irish and Aaron used to swim in, hoping no one would notice. The bottom of the pond was covered with brilliant sapphires that when Irish would dive with her wings extended and her heir-servant colors showing made the whole pond respond like a great kaleidoscope. There was always something to do in heaven, so their time only lasted several precious minutes at a time. They treasured those times, more precious moments.
A New Adventure
     “Is it hard to imagine that anyone is as interested in earth and its survival as we are. We can only hope,” the Lord spoke plainly to Aaron’s inner circle and several hundred of Aaron’s best warriors. 
     “We are at war as always against the dark-angel evil. We are going to raise the ante. We are going to invade earth with our heir servants, and I want to have all of them prepare to preach, heal; and we will start with the United States. I want heir servants to be walking down the streets, going to church, buying groceries, marrying humans, and interacting like we are part of the very fabric of the human world. We’re the last hope of mankind to lead them to Me. When they get there, I want every angel to be ready to have their wings exposed showing mankind that there really is a spiritual and heavenly world to contend with.”
     Irish asked, “Are you saying that you want our heir servants to openly marry and have children with humans? You’re are not just suggesting this. You’re are promoting this?”
     “Yes, we do it now and have for years, but it was as needed and not part of our heavenly culture to promote it. The New Jerusalem will come down from heaven to settle on earth. We’re just preparing for that time. The marriage of angels to humans is not only natural, but it’s part of what New Jerusalem is all about.”
     Aaron asked, “You aren’t talking about Powers, my warriors, right?”
     “Don’t worry, Aaron, your warriors have far more important things to do than connect with human women. We’ll leave it to our heir servants for right now.”
     Aaron gave a sigh of relief as so did several others. There relationship skills were not the best like heir servants. Heir servants had been marrying and connecting with humans for thousands of years on special assignments, but Powers were single minded, battle and war, nothing more. 
     “In just a little bit, I’ve a different way to do this. I want to have several coordinated announcements to trigger the Battle of Armageddon. At least, I want everyone to think it’s going to trigger Armageddon. I won’t share any more whether it does or not. Can’t know all my secrets. Apollyon knows how I do things. He’ll be looking for the announcements and definitely try to stop Armageddon. He knows if Armageddon starts that his time is over. He doesn’t want it to begin for that reason. I’m going to play a little game and activate several different and talented humans to help in the announcements. I’ve an artist and an author in mind. Their work will coincide perfectly to my plan. I’ll send some special heir servants to assist them in this journey. The Christian artist has just suffered a serious personal loss. The author is quasi homeless living out of his van, but his story mirrors what the artist will design. The name of his book is uniquely White Wings. Very appropriate. Between the two, they make the perfect announcements. I also want you to prepare the Knights Templar for this mission. I promise that it will all come together nicely.”
     Jesus continued, “Let’s send two of our heir servants, then I’ll activate another I’ve used before who is in place. Get your heavenly crew ready, and I’ll take care of the other,” Jesus replied while affectionately patting Aaron on his broad shoulder.
     “Aaron, when my heir servants need it, protect them, okay? I don’t want a hair on their head hurt regardless of whether they are eternal. I mean, I want them totally protected.” Aaron bowed slightly to Jesus, then nodded to his inner circle.
     Jesus spoke again, “I want you to know that even though this is a game, the stakes are high; it is a serious game. I believe in this game to mislead Apollyon. We do things one way to lead him down a rabbit hole, then they are really about other things. So, I’ll suggest some distractions and mystery along the way. I want to use this preacher in Nashville from the Nashville Community Church. He spends a lot of time with me in prayer. I trust his Holy Ghost instincts. Aaron, you or Irish will need to go see him in a couple of days before his next sermon. Trust me. He can be instrumental as well as a good distraction for Apollyon. You know, you might even get in battle with some of Apollyon’s group. You might like that. We want distractions and a little side show to throw Apollyon off course. He’ll be thinking something big while we throw him pieces and puzzles and confusion. It’s perfect.” 
     Aaron stepped forward and bowed again to Jesus, then with a little nod to Irish and others on his team, he gladly mentioned, thinking about fighting with Apollyon’s group, “Now, I’d truly like a fight like that. What’s this preacher’s name?”
     “His followers call him, Bull. It’s really Robert Hogan, but they call him Bull Hogan. He was a Right End tackle for the Titans for years before he got sidelined. Funny, he turned to me, then he turned to preaching on the corners in downtown Nashville. After about a year of paying special attention to the Nashville homeless, he had his followers. In fact, there were so many homeless working with him he made them deacons and lay ministers reaching out to everyone just like he did. He did all this while another group at the Cookery helped the homeless rebuild their lives using them as chefs. I just love Nashville for all that.”
     As Aaron’s team went away, Aaron turned and asked, “So, he’s a righteous person after your own heart, right, Lord?”  
     “He is. Yes, he’s much like you in size, Aaron, as big as a bull. You two could be twins, except you’re cuter,” replied Jesus laughing. 
     “Okay, okay, so he has a sermon coming up on Sunday, so I guess if I or Irish can plan it right, show up during his prayer time on Saturday. Think so?”
     “That should work,” replied Jesus.
Bull Hogan
     Bull held his Bible in his hands and made notes on a large yellow note pad, then fingered the large Greek-Hebrew Reference Bible and his Copeland’s Thompson Chain Bible, side by side. His Bibles were wrinkled with sweat stains puckering the pages where he prayed and sweat over them. There was not a single page without notes, markings, and so many of them that you could hardly see the text. 
     Bull looked up at his wife, Gloria, as she came up behind him and rubbed on his shoulders knowing that he always got bunched up from leaning over his laptop and materials. 
    “Hey, honey, you’re getting too tight, those shoulders of yours are synching up again,” she replied.
     “I know, I know, but it’s time to go to the Lord about the sermon. You’re wanting to go to the lake again, aren’t you?”
     “How did you know? Yes, the girls want to spend some time with their daddy without him preaching all the time. You know how they love hanging out at the docks with you. That boat of ours sits right above the best catfish hole in the whole of Percy Priest Lake. Even a simpleton can catch a catfish around our boat. Allen sent me a text to see if you were coming out. I answered as I always do, on Saturday, “Sorry, guy, it’s prayer time for the Bull, catch you late Sunday evening.”
     Bull turned to Gloria and circled her in his arms in a warm hug. “You always know me too well. I’m surrounded by all these women. After all, you gave me three girls and not a boy between them. I guess we’ll just have to keep trying.”
     “Oh, there you go. Trying to get me in bed again, Love! But, after twenty years, you win,” she laughed and watched him smile triumphantly. 
     “We’re quite a pair, aren’t we?” he replied, then she patted his shoulder affectionately.  
     “Okay, preacher man, go to your prayer closet, and us girls are going to spend some of your money on some new clothes,” she replied. As she walked away, he swatted her butt, and she jumped and hissed at him at the same time. 
     As Gloria kept walking away, Bull mentioned something, “Hey, you know. I’ve had this strong feeling that something unusual is going to happen. It’s just a burning in my chest like a hand placed on it. It’s such a burden, such a weight.”
    She turned back to him and cocked her head sideways in misunderstanding. She looked at him, then said, “I feel His presence moving on you even now. You better get on your knees and get to praying.”
     Bull nodded in agreement, then did exactly what she said.
Preparing for the Encounter
   Jesus spoke to Irish, “Irish, you need to school the two who are going. I understand there is a heir servant who is about ready to go on her first human mission. I especially want you to help her along the way. She won’t have as much human experience as the other I’m sending. Well, a hundred years versus thousands. The new kid on the block needs a chance. She’s the one I believe will stay, but that will be up to her human. You know all those personal, fuzzy wuzzy, and creative emotional things, right? I’m concerned. I’ve never met one of our own who couldn’t look me in the eyes because they were so shy. Whoever heard of a shy angel? Well, it’s up to, you, Irish. Get them ready, please.”
     Irish laughed, “You learned way too many words from that time traveler, the 13th Disciple, Jacob, remember him? Okey, dokey, Bro, and Bubba, now fuzzy wuzzy?”
     “Yes,” he laughed and nodded. “What is the new creation’s name, again?” 
     Irish nodded, “Milly. Silly name, but hey, there are just so many names and so many of us, right?” 
     Irish always took to teaching new creations of human ways, and even on occasion accompanying them on their first earth visit. She wondered just why Milly missed the earth assignment already being a hundred years old. How did that happen? This shyness is something else she didn’t understand. It absolutely was not an angelic character but more like a character flaw. Irish also wondered just how well Milly would deal with her mission, her shyness, and caring for a human. 
     Irish had heard of the work of Kalin. He was probably one of the newest and most well-known Christian painters in just the last ten years. His work challenged and pushed heaven into the public view in graphic-and-startling ways that made his works some of the most sought after and popular from all the younger generation. His work stopped suddenly when his father died in a car wreck a year ago. Nothing appeared from him since; not a word, not a single peep. He seemed to disappear into reclusion. His father was instrumental in his Christian faith and thought to be one of his greatest inspirations, but that was gone now. Sometimes, his work took on very graphic, ghostly scenes of angelic warfare and the struggle between good and evil. His work was a graphic testimony of the reality of heavenly and spiritual realms that also included the dark forces, but darkness was always shown in absolute defeat by holiness. It was a graphic way to declare faith and the reality of Christ and His domain. 
Kalin
     “Hey, Big Guy, wake up and let’s take you for a little morning walk,” Kalin stated while watching his dog, Ralpho, jump from his bed and run to the front door of his downtown Nashville loft. Kalin followed easily behind, then picked up the leash and with a grunt-and-a-snap slipped it over Ralpho’s nose. Ralpho jumped to his favorite fire hydrant, raised a leg, then yelped. Kalin let him lose anyway and let him go to sniff rather than be pulled around the local concrete. As he put the leash back on and pulled Ralpho back to him, he put on his plastic gloves to pick up essentials. Custer, a shop keeper of the Custer’s Western Boot Store pulled up the store blinds. Custer waved at him as he continued to raise the blinds for the next day’s shoppers. Kalin waved back and smiled, then Ralpho yelped when he saw him. After all, Custer was a favorite neighbor that fed him bits of left-over steak and biscuits: Ralpho’s favorite treats. After a few treats, Ralpho pulled on the leash to get back to the loft. Kalin always felt such an affinity with Ralpho. He always snuggled with him in bed; he always greeted him with jumping and yelping, and no matter how difficult the day; he was just Ralpho. 
Kalin History
     When Kalin was younger, he always painted such abstract things that no one paid attention to. Sometimes, they would be so abstract that there was no telling where they came from. No one knew whether he rolled in the mud or just slung paint on canvas from an air gun, then in the middle of it all were always one or two distinct figures of people that most of the time looked like illusions or ghosts, just faintly outlined in the background, but always obvious and noticeable. Sometimes, they had wings, the other times they were just an outline of something that to some were like images of heaven, angels, swords, and ultimately the Lord Himself. He never knew where they came from, but he painted them anyway.  
     Kalin felt that his natural height at 6’5” helped in his painting ventures. He could reach the far edges of his canvas and pay attention to details without standing on a stool. He also felt he was still growing at 22 and might up being taller than his father when finished by an inch or two; just maybe. He looked like his dad at his age: all legs with an athletic back and shoulders with long dark hair that made him always wear collarless t-shirts, so his shirts would not push up his hair into a mess but laid easily over his shoulders. Sometimes, he rubbered-banded it, at least he did at art shows. It just made him look less like a homeless person, and in Nashville, if you were not playing music and looked homeless, you were homeless; hard to tell the difference. His art kept him from relationships, and that was his excuse for avoiding them before his dad died. Now, he just wanted to be alone; no art, no relationships, and certainly not any serious relationships, just Ralpho. He lived off the art sale’s proceeds that were plowed back into a sheltered escrow account that gave him enough, not extravagant, just enough, and he still had an apartment full of completed works that he kept holding onto for some reason; just safe keepings. 
Living with Canvas Angels
     “Kalin, are you okay. Have you even slept tonight? You’ve been painting again, right? Well, I see those feathers in your stuff, again. Isn’t that sweet,” his mother responded. 
     Kalin peered at her with his eyes stuck together in sleep and grunted, “Sure, feathers. I’m glad you like it. I never noticed. Can I borrow a couple bucks for some more paint and canvas?”
     His mother laughed, “When are you going to get a job? You’ll be a senior soon? How about I find you a job myself, and you pay for your own?” 
     Right then and there, he knew the free ride was over and fell back asleep having to get up for school minutes later and hating being disturbed in the last minutes of sleep. He woke up from dreams all the time: dreams about heaven, dreams about angels, dreams about angels fighting with swords and against dark angels, then sometimes angels preaching on the street corners. He could not shake it. Even when he was awake, he saw angels. He would find large white feathers hanging outside his room at home, then find the penny signs of their presence in unexpected places. Kids in school made fun of him when he talked about it, then others spotted him sketching and called him crazy when he posted his pictures on Facebook. He finally just stopped talking about it and stopped sketching in public including Facebook. Actually, he started getting a sense of humor about it, and after that, nothing seemed to bother him.  
     Another mystery intrigued him. He always wondered just who were these angels, some reappearing in more than one painting. He just wrote it off as too great of an imagination. On occasion, he felt that he had run into the same feathered characters in real life. He always hoped that he was not just in an artistic rut of some kind.  
Kalin Now
     As they came back into the loft, Kalin looked around at all of the art from over a year ago while Ralpho jumped into Kalin’s bed wanting to have another nap and chewing on Custer’s little gifts. His last works were still about the angels. He described too closely the defeat of darkness and the victory of light. He completed over a thousand works of the ultimate appearance of angels in those last days. The angels were so numerous that they looked more like an invasion rather than just an appearance. He looked at all of them literally covering every nook and cranny of his place. They were piled, stacked, leaned, then even tossed casually. He almost did not want to think about those artistic urges that made him paint. His dad would always come by, then run his fingers over the completed canvas and raise his free hand into the air and pray. His dad always said he felt the Holy Spirit rolling over him when he looked at Kalin’s works. That was the one thing that kept Kalin painting. He also felt the Holy Spirit pushing him to paint. He was called the angel artist, the maker of angels, and the angel messenger. 
Irish and Aaron
     Irish moved closely to Aaron and put her hand in his. “It looks like we’re working together in Nashville soon.”
     Aaron smiled and gently kissed her forehead in response. She curled up to him with her one arm around his waist. She reached up and returned his kiss far more passionately. 
     “Well, I’ll be close, then drop in on the painter and your girls. I somehow feel this is all going to tie together very nicely.”
     “You on your way, now?” she asked. 
     Suddenly, Joseph appeared behind him, then Irish realized that it was time. “Hey, Joseph,” replied Irish. 
     “Yooh!” replied Joseph while flexing his muscles in a stretching move that was almost an Arnold move and spread. He knew what he was doing and laughed at Irish’s stare, then laughed with them all. 
    “You do that all the time when other girls are around you? You’re a sly one. Ever get a date with that move?”
     “On occasion, just every once in a while. Mostly, those goofy human girls hanging around the wrestling matches. They all think I’m one of the performers. Been thinking about it; Joseph the Giant Killer.”
     “Joseph, come one, you’re acting a little too weird right now. Wrestling! You’ve got to be kidding. Just put your sword on and come on,” commented Aaron while rolling his eyes. 
     They both disappeared leaving Irish wondering how her girls were doing preparing for her painter man. She guessed she would just have to go and get them ready.
Milly and Esther
     Irish approached Milly who was sitting under one of the trees of life near a crystal-clear stream almost fifty miles from the center of the throne. She felt Irish approaching and stood up, then bowed slightly at Irish in ancient respect. Even Milly was astonished how beautiful Irish looked. She already heard from another angel that she was chosen to make an earth visit. She was filled with such anxiety and fearfulness. She did not know herself why she felt such since she knew other angels never did. Irish did not know why Milly felt that way either. It just was not right, but Irish would just make it right somehow. Esther was not the same at all. Esther looked exactly like Milly with short blonde hair that swooped around her face in a pixie style still exposing long neck lines and as all angels, tall, with defining physical strength that put most professional athletes to shame. Esther was so outgoing that she gave Irish a run for her money. It was hard to imagine such a poor mix between Esther and Milly. How could any two angels be so different, so far apart, so unlikely. 
     “Irish, how nice of you to visit. You heard about my mission, I guess. Everyone has heard, then I also heard other angels laughing,” Milly stated while bowing slightly again at Irish. 
     Irish nodded, “I know. I plan to help you get ready. I don’t understand your fearfulness, but it doesn’t matter. The Lord believes in you, therefore, I do. If you can follow Esther’s lead, just a little, then I believe you can help this angel messenger as we call him.”
     Milly did not look Irish in the eyes only while looking at the ground. Milly shook all over, then reached to Irish and hugged her. She sobbed, and Irish hugged back and comforted her. Irish felt so strange knowing that Jesus wanted Milly to stay with Kalin till he was finished with his life journey. At least, He was predicting that that she would. She ever asked Him why, but He was always right. 
     Milly pulled away from Irish and asked between her tears, “Do you really think that I can do this?”
     Irish answered back, “You’ll be just fine. You’re beautiful and full of all our wisdom and Spirit. You’ll be just fine. I’ll visit you from time to time. Esther is thousands of years older and has already been on three earth missions. Remember, on your mission, the human decides between you two. Jesus believes that it will be you. I’ll be there to make sure you all have the best coaching.”
     “Okay,” she spoke, then smiled regaining some lost confidence. “I’ll try. I promise. You must teach me what to expect from humans, especially a man. It really is scary.”
     “Oh, yeah, human men, they are that, but they all can be very loving and compassionate. They are made after our Lord’s image. Especially, the Christian humans.”
      “I’ve seen Esther preparing to go. She dresses so, so, so,” stuttered Milly.
     “Yes, she does. Skimpy,” Irish laughed. 
     “Why does she dress that way? Her pants hang off her hip bones, and it is like, like, like,” stuttered Milly again.
     “Showing off. Advertising?” finished Irish.
     “Yes, I can’t believe that we angels can dress that way. I don’t want to. At least not yet. I just feel the need to cover up. Esther is my twin in looks, so I guess if they see everything she’s got, they’ll be seeing everything I got too. So much for modesty.”
     “Milly, we are created in heaven, but that does not mean we can’t be something different when we need to and still remain holy. Dressing is just a little way to blend and be better at our job. We must do what we’re asked. No one is asking for you to be a stripper, just blend, just pay attention to details like that. You’ll get the hang of it,” comforted Irish, then saw a puzzled face on Milly. 
    “What’s a stripper?” she asked.
     “Oh, Milly, just something we shouldn’t be doing. Let’s talk more about that later, please?” pleaded Irish. 
Apollyon
     “I’ve heard there is movement in heaven. Has anyone else heard of this?” asked Apollyon. 
     Dar Raven shuddered and grimaced at the same time. He had just regained his position as Commander of the Dark Legions and Aaron’s direct counterpart. His failure to defeat Aaron in a one-on-one battle years ago put him back in rank for a while. He spent years in hell fire because of that last failure and just now got resurrected. He still was supposed to have all the embedded cruelty and savvy of his old self; but when Apollyon resurrected him, something of that seemed to be missing. He was not necessarily better, just different and far wiser than before. In reflection, it was this wisdom that Apollyon was counting on. Yet, Dar Raven seemed to be far quieter and a thinking commander than an impulsive one now. Apollyon noticed a difference in Dar Raven that did not quite fit. He seemed to have lost that hard look that cruelty always imposed on his dark angels. Apollyon shrugged about it and thought that it would return once Dar Raven was fully back in action. Dar Raven still had his tall stature and a commanding form, but this time, he stood far more erect and spent more time observing others and his surroundings. He even slightly smiled from time to time. Those who met him were still caught back by his size almost an inch taller than Aaron, yet trim to the bone with forearms forged by sword battle with the high-rise veins of strength visible and obvious. His eyes were stars too that swirled pure blackness when his dark angelic nature was at full tilt.  
     Dar Raven spoke softly, not his arrogant old self, “It has been very quiet lately. We’ve not seen a single light angel in about six months. This means that they are preparing for something big, or they’ve just given up. I doubt that the Lord of Glory would give up that easily.”
     Apollyon stood right at seven foot just like Dar Raven. He sat in a high place anchored above earth looking out over the rims of the planet. Where there was violence, death, and sin; the planet glowed bright red, and there was much red showing covering the earth except in only isolated places that he figured did not matter anyway: a convent here, a church there, hiding Christians, and those Christians struggling just to stay alive. Nothing that caused concern. He viewed and peered at earth and wrapped himself in his fiery wings that glowed like live embers, then occasionally turned dark black as they cooled. Dar Raven did not have the glowing embers like the dark father, only Apollyon kept the hell fire around him that close. Still, Dar Raven’s dark feathers wrapped him in a black coat that smoked and simmered just by being near Apollyon. He did not mind. It was the price he paid for being near him, being in this place of commander, counselor, and advisor. 
     Apollyon knew that there had to be a move from heaven that would be outstanding to change the dynamics, the numbers, nothing else would suffice. Still, he had seen the Lord of Glory wait thousands of years before, then it happened. It always caught him off guard, and he did not want that to happen again. 
     Apollyon asked, “Have you seen any or his best on earth lately: Aaron, Caleb, Joseph, or even Irish?”
     “No, none of them, like I said, it has been very quiet. We are making monumental strides. It would take an absolute invasion from heaven to change things around.”
     Apollyon stood frozen without moving, “Watch for that. The Lord of Glory just might do that. Anything is possible. Look for unusual movement where He uses humans and angels together to announce His intentions. He is so habitual. He won’t do anything without an announcement. Look for the signs. Look for the announcements; find out what they are about. Stop them dead in their tracks! I need to know what’s going on!”
     One of Dar Raven’s warriors asked, “Can we kill the heir servants.”
     Dar Raven answered for Apollyon, “There is only one who was successful at that, Sinte Hades. He’s gone now and hasn’t been resurrected. They’re not to be touched as always. They’ll always join with humans to accomplish what they want. Let’s have some of you nose around. If you see Aaron, Joseph, Caleb, or Irish, then that will mean something. Let me know.”
     At the mention of Irish’s name, there were wolf calls and complimentary whistles. They all knew Irish and especially how beautiful she was. Still, where you find Irish, Aaron was not far behind. That could be a problem. None of them wanted to square off with him. No one was that stupid, even Dar Raven, at least anymore. 
     Apollyon called Dar Raven back into his presence. He noticed that Dar Raven was enjoying his resurrected self maybe a little too much. Even though he thought Dar Raven had mellowed a little, he seemed to walk more deliberately and even carefully. Apollyon did not understand the changes. He did not speak nearly as much as he used to but seemed to listen more attentively. He was not sure he liked it as much or not. The ruthless and impulsive Dar Raven was more to his liking. He could always count on Dar Raven’s rage to springboard him into action, but he did not think it would work anymore. If this was the Dar Raven of the heavenlies, the heavenly rebellion, then he doubted that Dar Raven would have joined him in making war on the Lord of Glory. He would probably have mentioned he had to think about it and get back to him later. 
     Apollyon spoke directly to him, “I’ve felt something moving in Nashville. I believe it might even be Aaron on his way. I want you to handle this. Take Shadow with you. She is a new creation and needs some human experience. Don’t abuse her. Just remember that she is an offspring of Sinte Hades and my own mixture of dark arts. She is special to me. Treat her well; just don’t abuse her. You heard me the first time. Who knows, she might become as great an assassin like her father, Sinte Hades.”
     “Okay, so I’m training, right? What shall I do? Let her kill the heir servants like her father? You remember what happened to him. After all those years of Sinte killing our enemies, even the Three Wise Men, he still ended up destroyed by Aaron. We have never had another assassin like him.”
     “Dar Raven, I trained Sinte myself. I made him the great assassin that he became. He even tried to kill Irish in Sewanee. Not a good idea, especially with Aaron around. I thought I taught him to be wiser than that.”
     “Well, you never taught me to be wiser either. Aaron squared off on me, and it didn’t work out much better!” exclaimed Dar Raven.
     “Okay, okay, enough about our failures. Just don’t mess too much with Shadow. Tell her to leave the heir servants alone and to do what you need to be done. Take her with you. Teach her things; but like I ordered, don’t abuse her!”
     Dar Raven did not need to be reminded about abusing the female dark angels. That was the old Dar Raven, he did not think he would ever do that now. Even he did not understand why he felt that way.  It was as if he was going soft, but he really did not mind the change now. It was slightly confusing as well as unusual.
Dar Raven in Nashville
     As Dar Raven walked down the Nashville street toward downtown. He wondered what he was doing here. Beside him walked a tall female dark angel, Shadow. She seemed to be nervous and out of her element. It may be that it was her nervousness of being with Dar Raven. Dar Raven’s authority and his closeness to Apollyon was well known to the other dark angels. He was the closest that she had ever been to one of hell’s warriors. She could feel the heat coming from Dar Raven like he had just come from Apollyon. There was a difference this time that other dark angels were talking about. Dar Raven sensed that they were talking about him, but he just shrugged it off. He noticed that he was more relaxed and even casual and not quite as intense as he was before.  
     Shadow’s own beauty was startling with pitch dark eyes and a tall slender figure that would make any model jealous while wearing dark leather jacket covering only her top and with black leather pants tied tightly around her waist. Around her neck was a cross hanging upside down. Even Dar Raven liked her looks being slightly infatuated by them. He liked the way her very short hair showed off her face and small cheek bones. He kept remembering what Apollyon said about not abusing her, but he did not feel like doing that. He felt comfortable with her and even liked her tagging along. As they made their way through the thick tourist crowds of downtown Nashville, he impulsively grabbed her hand to help her follow him as he dodged the homeless, the guitar players, and even the police on horseback. The horses did a total back away as Dar Raven came near, and he laughed knowing why. Shadow pulled her hand away from him at first, then changed her mind and reached out in acceptance. It made her feel good that the great Dar Raven would even offer such a deliberate help. She squeezed his hand as a thank you, then he stopped in the middle of sidewalk and stared at her rather mystified, then nodded, smiled, and started pulling her along toward the waterfront.  
     All Dar Raven knew was that there were a pair of heir servants who showed up on their Nashville radar. He could not touch them, but he really wanted to know what they were up too. They had not seen heir servants on assignments in at least six months. It was all very strange to him. It was as if heaven were abandoning earth and their humans, but it was more that heaven was getting ready for something big. He did not quite know which. He still did not know why Apollyon wanted him to do this. There were thousands of other dark angels who could snoop and observe; still, he wanted Dar Raven, and Dar Raven was just being obedient. There was one point that he understood about his assignment. It was that if there was combat, then he was better equipped to handle it than others. That made sense to him. 
     One thing puzzled Dar Raven, where in Nashville would he find the greatest possibility of spiritual power and activity where heir servants might be hanging out. As they walked in downtown Nashville, Dar Raven saw a poster about Bull Hogan’s church inviting the homeless to come and join them in continual revival. He noted that it would be his church that would be a good start. 
     As Dar Raven and Shadow got close to the Nashville bars, Dar Raven asked Shadow, “We need to change form to look like some homeless people. I still want you with me, but you know what to look like, right? We need to find out what’s going on.”
     Shadow nodded reluctantly, then changed into a very admirable homeless person with a long floppy hat while wearing three different coats to cover dirt and smell. Dar Raven walked with her after changing his form looking more homeless than the homeless. His handsome looks attracted more than enough attention from others on the strip despite acting homeless. He knew that they would not stay with these looks for long, just enough to get them through the crowds unnoticed. The search was on. 
     A man on a bicycle approached them. He was bearded but looked like he was not as desperate as others. “I’m Bob. I own this section of this street. You pay, or you leave; it doesn’t matter to me.” 
     He pushed on Dar Raven, then Dar Raven exposed his dark star eyes that swirled like black holes in space. Bob shook all over and backed quickly away. 
    Bob asked, “I sell drugs here. Tell me how I can help you. I think I know what you are. You know we can be friends and work together.” 
     Bob spent his life figuring out people and what he could get from them. He knew Dar Raven was evil, but so was he. Dar Raven recognized the darkness in Bob. 
     “I’m looking for someone. I’m looking for a couple of newcomers to Nashville. They are beautiful females. Most of the time, they are twins, but sometimes not. They’ll look out of place. I need to know about them; where they are headed and especially who they hang out with. Can you do that?”
     Bob trembled, then answered, “I’ve seen a couple of pretty ones today who really looked like they didn’t belong. I’ll check them out. They were walking near Vanderbilt University.”
     Dar Raven snarled at him, then ordered him, “You’re my kind of person; but if you cross me, I will send you straight to hell. Do you understand?” 
     Bob could not believe that this was happening. He could always figure out everyone. He only knew that Dar Raven was evil, so was he; a kindred spirit, or so he thought.
     Dar Raven sensed his thoughts, “You and I are not the same. We are both similar, but not the same. You can die, but I cannot. You can be cut up into little pieces and die, but when it happens to me, I recover. You can die and burn forever, but I always come back. Find out what is going on with those two pretty girls. Just whisper. I will be there.”
     Bob jumped on his bicycle and pedaled as fast as he could until he was confronted with Shadow appearing from nowhere. Shadow blocked his exit, then commented, “You’re not going to get away clean from us. We’re waiting. You’ll find those girls. You understand”
     Bob answered, as he started pedaling away toward one of the local bars while muttering, “Crazy, crazy, tourists.” He knew he had to do what Dar Raven wanted. 
Nashville Streets
     Aaron walked down the Nashville street with Irish, then Joseph followed, “I heard from Caleb that the Knights Templar are involved; He wants the Knights to destroy the Dome of the Rock. Give me some C-4, and I can take care of that for Him.”
     “You know our Lord. He has a touch for the dramatic. He wants more fanfare than that. He mentioned two announcements, and this is only the first. The other is that author. He is assigning another heir servant for that one. I don’t know who He has in mind yet.”
     Aaron continued, “It’s surprising that with all the new restrictions for public display about using the word Christian and cross symbols and speaking Jesus’ name in public that his art is so accepted and welcomed without restraint. Interesting that no one ever thought or connected him directly to the Lord of Glory. Well, Apollyon may have different plans if he finds out about Kalin. I’ll send the girls some extra help. What do you think about sending Joseph too? How about it, Joseph? Up for a little baby sitting? Maybe, both of us?”
     “I’m good. Just tell me where to go. I’ll camp out a little. We still need to go see Bull.”
     “I think Joseph should be more than enough. In fact, a little overkill, not to use an overused word,” Irish chuckled. “In fact, Joseph might make Milly a little uncomfortable. You know, not being into hanging out with our Powers very much. But, sure, Esther has a lot of experience with Powers, so it should be okay.”
     “I’m afraid that if Milly saw a mouse that she’d be climbing the walls,” laughed Aaron. 
    “Now, now, let’s give our shy little girl a chance, okay?” replied Irish in a slight rebuke. 
     “Well, I always told you to let the heir servants mingle a little more with us big guys,” answered Aaron, then behind him Joseph commented, “Hey, hey, that’s right. I could use more heir servant company.”
     “I know, but it might be because you Powers are just a little too flirty like you are with me, right?” she laughed again. 
     “Yes, just like I am with you, and I’ll keep it up,” laughed Aaron. 
Reality Check
    Kalin looked out over the Nashville downtown. He could see the Nashville riverfront pushing barges with heavy goods downstream. His loft was open spaced nothing but floors, walls, a single bed and a small couch in front of a 19-inch black-and-white TV. He walked towards one of his favorite paintings. It was a picture of thousands of angels with their white wings expanded and filling without any room for a single add to it from anything while showing a complete and total mass of wings and even the high handles of angel swords. Some angels held what seemed to be large Bibles in their hands and seemed to be yelling with their faces pointed to heaven. He knew they must be preaching and calling out about Jesus. It had to be. When he painted it, it took four hours, and he could not even remember doing it. It was all a blur. 
     He ran his hand over the canvas, and it felt like he was touching something sacred. He felt the Holy Spirit moving over him, then he thought for a second, “Would he ever do again?”
     Kalin picked up his cell phone and called his art broker, “Fred, I still have a thousand pieces left on the floor. Do you want to move them for me?”
     Fred was stunned. For about a year now, Kalin would not even answer his calls and even when he went to his loft and pounded on the door, no one answered. It was obvious that Kalin was hiding. Still, he figured that Kalin would be needing more money soon. The escrow could not keep him level for ever. He even heard that he was selling electronics at Circuit City in downtown Nashville. He hesitated showing up there, not wanting to have a scene, so he just let it go. Only time would tell, and time was on Fred’s side. 
     Fred smiled, then stated simply, “Good to hear from you too. So, you got tired of hiding, right? Need a little cash, right? Circuit City not exactly what you expected?”
     Kalin answered humbly, “Nothing is the way I expected it. I won’t paint again, and this art reminds me too much of that. Sure, don’t mind the money, but I just go to work, come home, and forget about anything else. Just that simple. Do you want to move these pieces or what? Well, I have one that I’m going to keep. Something about it fascinates me. What’s your answer?”
     “Sure, no problem, but I want half the proceeds. When you stopped painting it really hurt me. I took a big dive in income from that lousy decision of yours. Actually, your reclusion is just driving up the price of what you have left. You know, supply and demand type stuff. Did you ever get any of those project offers in Israel about the mural?”
     “They keep trying, but I keep resisting. Pretty big project, though. The old Kalin would have jumped at a chance to do that. Can you imagine at fifty-foot mural in front of the Federal Museum of Archives? Enough, it’s gone now.”
     “It’s gone if you want it to be. Maybe, you need to reconsider it, but that’s up to you. I’ll get on with this. I’ll come by with a truck to pick up your stuff, then let you know. Kalin, answer the door when I knock this time, okay?!”
The Girls
     Esther and Milly walked up from Vanderbilt University towards Nashville downtown. Esther had a guitar strapped to her back while wearing a broad-band cowboy hat curled up to a point. Milly carried a large backpack with Ninja Turtle and smiley face stickers all over it. Esther looked so typical of many of the Nashville kids coming in to make their musical debut. Most girls coming to Nashville walked in large groups wearing their cowboy hats, cowboy boots, and cutoff jeans barely covering up anything and not wanting to. They just wanted to be noticed. What was so startling to see were the twins, so beautiful, trekking down main street both looking so differently and oddly matched. Esther wore tight jeans that hung off her hips while she let a half shirt expose her belly button and belly ring. She walked just like she was on a model’s catwalk, but it was easy for an angel who had been alive as long as she had. She was in stark contrast to Milly. Milly walked like she was hiking while noticing the stares from everyone from the homeless to those looking out from local store windows at Esther. She knew it was Esther who was attracting so much attention. Milly wore blue jeans with a loosely fitted long-sleeve shirt draped over her belt loops, nothing like Esther. Still, they were twins, with the same blonde hair whishing around their faces and easily above their collars. Milly thought that their size probably attracted additional attention weighing only a little over 110 and standing just at 5’ 10”: model thin was in. 
     One individual took special note as he road by on his bike. Bob thought that these two might be the ones that Dar Raven was looking for and the one’s he thought he saw earlier nearer to Vanderbilt. He watched them walk toward the waterfront. He turned to follow them, but they were too far ahead of him by now making riding his bike almost impossible in the crush of tourists. 
     Milly shrugged while saying, “I really don’t like this weather. It’s July, and it feels like it’s 150 degrees. I just hate this hard ground. It feels like hell under my feet.”
     “It’s just concrete. Relax. We can always go inside and cool off a little. Just bare it and come along.”
     Milly grunted in agreement, then tried to catch up with Esther who was making a B-line towards the waterfront. A car pulled up and a driver shouted, “Hey, girls, you need a ride?” 
     Milly answered, “That’s nice.”
     Esther commented, “It is not meant to be nice. It’s seduction.”
     Esther yelled back, “Leave us alone!”
     When Esther spoke it, the force of it pushed at the driver like a hard slap, and Milly saw the man grab the side of his face in the pain. 

The Pick Up
     Fred led the movers into Kalin’s loft while Kalin prepared to go to work. Kalin did not even acknowledge that Fred was there. Fred noticed, then he went to the largest piece, especially, the one Kalin was keeping. 
     Fred was candid, “What is it about this one that you don’t want to let go? It is massive. It would look well over the back of a bar. All those angels. What about it?”
     Kalin was almost out the door, “Lock it up behind you and send my money to my escrow account when you get done. No, it’s something that reminds me of what I think might happen some day for some reason. It also reminds how good I am at the large murals like the offer from Israel.”
     “Oh, so you are still thinking about it, right?” laughed Fred goading Kalin. 
     “No, not in my lifetime. I’m over the angels. They just clutter my life. Got to move on,” he spoke sarcastically. 
     Fred turned to see Esther and Milly walking in view right in front of Kalin as he turned back around to leave. 
     Kalin exclaimed, “Whoa! Girls! You scared me! What are you two doing up here? Going to help them carry stuff out?”
     Esther jumped in, “No, I’m, we’re here to talk with you about what you said about angels and stuff. I hope you really didn’t mean what you said about them cluttering up your life.”
     Esther did a sweet sashay and used her movement in an almost musical move that caught Kalin by surprise. All he could think about was why twins looked so different. He saw Milly almost hiding behind Esther while peeking over Esther’s shoulder at him with a weak smile. He felt that it was strange for such a good-looking Esther with a very modest almost boring-looking sister: such opposites.
     Fred seemed so surprised but tried to scoot by them trying not to disturb what he thought were some fans of Kalin’s trying to get an autograph.
     “Girls, I don’t know what you want, but I’m on my way to work. Please excuse me. You’ll let my dog out if you keep the door open too much longer.” Ralpho was eyeing the open door, and Kalin could almost read his mind, knowing what he was getting ready to do. 
     “Oh, really, well why don’t we follow along, and we can talk.”
     Kalin stuttered, then gave-in just wanting to be on his way, “Sure, what the heck. I’m just walking down to the store. I’ll sell you some electronics if you want.”
     Milly asked, “What are electronics? We don’t have any pocket money? Do we?” 
     Esther poked at Milly, “Sussh. Stop getting so wound up.”
     Milly responded, “What is wound up?”
     “You girls are way too strange. Come on, I got to get to work,” he commented, then looked at Milly who had gone straight for the remaining picture. 
     Kalin turned toward her, “Girls, I got to go to work. Come on.”
     Milly was pointing to the picture. “Look, Esther, he painted Aaron with his mighty sword, then just behind him is Irish, I know that’s her.”
     Kalin came back into his loft, “You know them by names? Who are you guys?”
     Esther acted rather perky and ran over to the painting, “Oh, we’re angels. Yes, that’s Aaron and Irish behind him. Look there is Caleb and the big bull, Joseph. Wow, you got them all. That is so wonderful!”
     “Are you two crazy!? That stuff is just art! I think you two need to leave. I’ll walk myself to work. Why don’t you guys find some other place else to crash.”
     Milly seemed to get in gear when he rejected them, “We aren’t leaving no matter what you say. Jesus, the Lord of Glory sent us to help you! You got that! So, you either sit down and talk to us now, or we’ll follow you where ever you go!”
     Esther laughed, “So, the turtle comes out of his shell. You go, Girl. Tell, this human what it’s all about!” Esther slipped her short top low over her shoulders as if she were getting ready to strip, then just as it almost showed her bare chest her wings came out with a large swish and covered her modestly. Milly was frustrated. Her long-sleeved shirt blocked her wings, then with a mighty grunt they punched through the back of her shirt in a loud tearing noise while she covered herself with her wings. They both stood silently in front of Kalin and watched his shocked face. He stepped back several feet, picked his phone from his pocket, and called the store to let them know he would be late today. 
     “Something came up or out. That means I can’t make it in on time. I’ll be late. No, I’m okay, well not really.” 
     Suddenly, Ralpho noticed the girls and came yelping at them running around them in circles of excitement but only paying attention to Milly. At one point, Ralpho growled at Esther. Esther pulled her hand back from trying to pet him and moved cautiously toward Kalin. Kalin thought it was funny since Ralpho would not hurt fly, but something about Milly made her his new best friend, not Esther.
     Kalin turned back to the girls and commented, “This is way too much for me right now. How in the world are two beautiful angels going to help me? What are you going to do for me, cook and clean house?”
     “If that is what it takes to get you doing your art again, then fine!” commented Milly again feeling her confidence increasing and noticing Esther taking note. 
     Both Esther and Milly pulled their wings into themselves and went back to the painting. Milly made her shirt recover the wing tears just like brand new; more angel talent. 
     Esther seemed to sense something about this painting. “It was supposed to be bigger, wasn’t it?”
     Kalin sat down hard on the floor and put his head in his hands, then repeatedly rubbed at his face. “Why in the world would God even care if I stop painting? Why? Why? What is going on?”
     Esther stepped forward this time, “Kalin, He cares for you because you really care for Him. You paint us like you have been around us your whole life. You see us like you know us without ever seeing us. You are a part of us as any human has ever been.”
     “Why don’t you go on to work, and Milly and I will stay here and clean up like you said. We’ll come by your store around noon to take you to lunch. How about that?”
     Kalin shook his head in misunderstanding, then shrugged, then got up while looking back at them and went to work. At least, at work he would not have to put up with angel harassment. 
     The girls looked at each other, then smiled and stated almost together, “Well, that went well! Not!”
     Milly was first to ask, “Was I wrong to push so hard? I didn’t mean to step out of line. It was just important and exciting at the same time.”
     Esther commented, “Exciting. Hmmmm. I think that our human is a little overwhelmed by it all. I hope he’s ready for all this.”
     “We’re having lunch with him, right?” replied Milly still fingering the painting and noticing even more of her favorite angels. 
     “How did he know about all of us? It had to be a God thing. What in the world has Jesus got planned for him?”
     “I believe he is part of a great announcement, and so are we. This is rather exciting. I’m pleased that we are part of this.”
     Milly felt suddenly nervous, “What will Apollyon do if he finds out about Kalin and us?”
     “The Lord of Glory has made it his business to provide us excellent protection. I doubt that any of Apollyon’s group want to run into Aaron and his team.”
     “Well, they may try without knowing about Aaron; then if they see Aaron and his crew, they will know it is important and try harder.”
     “You believe we will see Dar Raven?” asked Esther, thinking that Milly might be right.  
     “I hope not. We are off limits. You know that. Only Irish had to deal with Sinte Hades who was one of the greatest assassins. If it had not been for Aaron, there would be no Irish. We’ve not seen such assassins since. Still, they may go after Kalin if they thought he was important enough.”    
     Milly was confused, “Why is this announcement of our angels coming so important that Apollyon would want to stop it. It’s just an announcement, nothing more, nothing less.” 
     “Milly, Milly, you don’t get it, do you? The Lord of Glory wants these announcements to aggravate Apollyon because He knows it leads to Armageddon, but Apollyon watches the announcements to see and stop what God is doing, like Armageddon. He’s always trying to figure out what the Lord of Glory is up too. You see, we are just a sideshow. Still, a very important one. Didn’t you know this? I’m sorry you’re having to hear it from me. The earth must believe that we are doing what we announce while we preach and save those who listen, but the end game is bigger than all of us. That is what makes it so important to Apollyon to figure out. He doesn’t like surprises especially when they lead to his demise. He’ll do everything he can to stop or delay it. He just has to figure out what is going on first.”
     “Why didn’t anyone tell me about this? You heard about this, and I didn’t. I thought I was just as important as you. Jesus even let me know that Kalin would probably choose me to stay, but I don’t know if I want that.”
     Esther was rather caught off guard by the miscommunication, “I don’t know. Let’s talk to Irish about it when she comes. I’m sorry it happened. You’ve done so well. I mean coming out of that little shyness you have. I really am sorry.” Esther went to Milly, and they held each other in a big hug. 
     Milly shrugged away, “Well, Sister, since that is over, I guess we should pick up a little around here, then we need to lunch with our star witness. I said that and don’t even know what it means. I guess I’ll some embedded knowledge of earth I didn’t know I had.”
     Esther laughed, “Yes, we all do. It’ll come sneaking out when you least expect it.”
     Ralpho kept jumping on Milly for attention and running around the apartment barking. Esther commented, “I think Ralpho likes you. Animals have a second sense for those who are just good people and especially animal lovers.”
     “I’ve never been around any animals. What does he want me to do?”
     “Oh, that’s easy, rub his ears or scratch his back,” she commented watching Milly mouth words trying to understand. 
     “Okay,” she answered and grabbed Ralpho as he ran around her again, then rubbed on his back for a second. Ralpho laid down and put his legs into the air with this stomach exposed. 
     “What does he want now?” Milly asked being very confused. 
     “Oh, now you get to scratch his stomach,” Esther said while laughing at how ridiculous Ralpho looked, then watching Milly trying to scratch when she barely knew what the word meant. She rubbed and did a part scratch and part pat at the same time. It was good enough for Ralpho. He got up and ran to his bed, content now.  
     Esther complimented, “Good job, Girl. You’ve made a friend for life.”
     Milly was acting confused again. “Dogs live that long?”
     Esther laughed, “Just a phrase, not a fact, Milly.”
     “Oh, okay,” as they went about picking up pizza boxes and coke cans, then tossing them into plastic trash bags.
     Milly turned quickly to Esther and asked, “You know. I really wish I had dressed more appropriately than what I’m wearing. I don’t think I want to show everything like you do, but a little fashion wouldn’t hurt me.”
Irish
     Jesus looked over at Irish who had come to the throne room to talk about what was next, “How come we didn’t tell Milly the real plan? I should have met with her myself. She handled it rather well. I like the way she is coming out of that shell. I like it a lot. Give them some room to figure some of it out on their own. The best lessons are those we deal with on our own.”
      “Well, Lord, you remember goofy Grace. She was a hot mess. She turned out to be one of the best heir servants of all time. I must take credit for a little of that since she got on my last nerve. No other angel has ever done that before.”
    Jesus commented, “Well, that little hot mess is a miracle. What was with the fact she was always hungry. You guys are not created that way. In fact, you’ve been alive for what, shall we just say thousands of years, so I don’t call you old, right? I bet you haven’t eaten but anything more than a cracker since I’ve know you.”
     “Yes, just a cracker or two,” Irish laughed and saw Jesus smiling with her.
     “Have I told you what I really want to do?” asked Jesus. 
     Irish nodded, “Not really,” then looked at Jesus waiting for His secret.
     “Well, there is going to be an attack on Israel. They think they can hide it from me. The Arab League is getting ready with the help of the dark angels. I’m not stupid, and I’m certainly eternal so nothing escapes my gaze. How much you want to bet that I can spoil their plans with just a few interesting twists and turns. Remember, I see the future like it was a few minutes ago. Just for fun, I want to have my little artist friend go on a job in Israel. While he is there, I want him to announce the destruction of the Dome of the Rock. I want my author to finish his book White Wings that tells the same story. I want the Dome destroyed down to the foundation. I’ll rebuild it in my image, later. This will be my own way of paying back the Muslims and those who partner with them to come against my precious ones. When it comes to the Jewish nation, I’ll protect the nation. I’ve not abandoned my promise in the scriptures. They’re my chosen in my chosen land. They will turn to me in time, just in time. Still, they are full of unbelief, and I can’t overlook that. I’ll deal with that when the times comes too.”
     “Why don’t we do it ourselves? I don’t understand? This isn’t making any sense to me,” she answered, then she realized she was offending Jesus. She ducked her head toward Him in embarrassment, then she continued, “Why do you really want to destroy the Dome of the Rock? Is it not important to us for other traditional reasons?”
     “Oh, Irish, you’re really in rare form today. It’s all about distraction, illusions, subtleties, shadows, triggers, and mystery, then not so mysterious, but distractions again. It’s a game that I have played against Apollyon since his creation. He didn’t like it then, and he still doesn’t, now. The difference is that I understand how it will end, but he doesn’t accept that finality. I’m in charge of his fate, and he hates that. I choose the time and place of his demise, and he knows that. Using Kalin is just my way of playing a game to tease Apollyon and throw him off guard. I’ll win, but I’ll still have my fun while I do. It could be that the destruction of the Dome of the Rock will cause Armageddon, but it may not. That is one secret I’ll keep. I won’t go any further right now. For the time being, we must all play our part and let everyone assume that it will. It’s been a long time coming. I would’ve had the Dome of the Rock leveled years ago just for the heck of it if it mattered to me. Humans love to get so attached to so many things like artifacts, places, people, heroes, saints, and their petty little ideas about so many things. They get attached to so many things that don’t matter that crumble into dust before them when I’m the only person who matters. ‘There is no other way to salvation other than through me, period, case closed.’”
     “Praise to Your Name!” shouted Irish with her hand in the air. Irish asked, “Fun, okay, that is your privilege. I guess I’m more logical than a gamer. I like things laid out in structure and order, but our games many times have too many twist and turns. It’s hard to keep up with it all.”
     “Irish, you always have a way with words. I accept that. Now, let’s let everyone play their part and drive Apollyon crazy while we are at it. Much has to be done, Irish. Have I told you that I love you lately?”
     “Yes, my Lord. I’m sorry I spoke like I did. I suppose a little game doesn’t hurt anyone every once in a while. I just didn’t know that you liked games that much.”
     “Oh, yes, I wouldn’t be who I am and those I have created if I didn’t like games and have a sense of humor. Oh, get in touch with Caleb and ask him to visit the brethren for me. He’ll know whom I’m talking about. Tell them, to get ready to bring them to Jerusalem. He and they will know what to do.”
     “Caleb was to be assigned to the girls and Kalin, but Aaron decided for Joseph it instead. That’s okay, right?”
     “I trust Aaron. Do what he says,” offered Jesus. 
     Jesus continued, “Nothing will happen that will need his help for a little while until I can get Kalin painting again while Milly shows more of her angelic nature. There is time.”
     “Just curious, how many monasteries are there again,” she asked thinking she knew the answer.
     Jesus answered, “Fifteen and hundreds of my special brethren to assist us. Still, the most important one has all the Knights Templar that I need, a dozen or so. They have been waiting a long time, over 2000 years, to be put back in action. I used to go see my mother at their monastery for years after my resurrection. Those guys are my favorites.”
     Irish was starting to be a pest to Jesus, but He was so filled with grace, “So Kalin paints it, then they are released to take on your mission?” she asked still wanting more information. She continued, “The Knights Templar are going to destroy the Dome of the Rock for you, but how?”
     “Don’t be so inquisitive. It’s not necessary. It’ll all be clear soon. Just tell Caleb to take his time and enjoy his visit to our knights. He’ll be a welcome visitor when he goes.”
Visiting the Knights
     Caleb was leaning against a tall pillar in a sanctuary courtyard when he heard about his assignment, then he saw Irish walking toward him while other angels parted away from her out of respect. 
     Irish reached up and kissed his cheek, then looked into his eyes and knew he had already heard. “So, it’s a game, but it might start Armageddon, but it might not.”
     “It’s His game, and we’re His participants. He just likes driving Apollyon crazy,” replied Irish. 
     “I know, but hey, we could do this so many ways without troubling our brethren at the monasteries,” answered Caleb.
     “Oh, now, you know they’d love to have a little vacation after thousands of years stuck in such isolation, right?” reminded Irish as she smiled at that positive thought. 
     “Now, that is a thought. Yes, you’re right. This might be very exciting for them. You’re absolutely right. Okay, if we play this game, then we all need to enjoy it. If that Dome of the Rock is destroyed, every Arab nation in the world will come against Israel. It really will be the start of Armageddon. Watch!” exclaimed Caleb.
     “I plan to. He really does want to keep Apollyon guessing. I guess we both will be guessing a little bit, too. Well, go see your friends at the monastery, and I’ll keep checking on our artist friend, and per Jesus stop being so inquisitive, right? Each of the monasteries took part to protect the most precious items from the temple and hid it for us. No one knows but Jesus just what they hid and where; only they. This monastery hid Mary for us too. Saint John helped arrange that. Now, they are going to be active again,” reminded Irish.
     “Active, active! They will be our demolition party. Kalin will paint their pictures soon; all of them. It will be public, evident, and obvious. More obvious to us than anyone else, but none the less, still obvious to everyone including Apollyon.”
     Irish hugged Caleb, then comforted him, “Calm down, Caleb. It’s all going to be okay. Just take it one step at a time.”
    Caleb nodded yes, and simply answered, “Okay. Calm it is.”
The Girls
     Esther and Milly looked around uncomfortably at the loft spaces, then the dishes stacked up with food laying around on tables and on a single coffee table with pizza boxes stacked up from the floor all the way up past the arm of the couch. The plastic ice coffee cups with a middle straw squeaking were piled in and on top of a large full trash bag with cups flowing over the top and onto the floor. There was no smell and that was interesting to Esther. It was all because the only thing that Kalin ate were baloney, sharp cheddar cheese, and kosher dill pickles all kept in the refrigerator, of course, pizza. It was the true food of a very single and lonely person. They looked around for any other indications of his habits: bingo. There were at least 20 cases of 16-Diet Coca Cola in screw top cans stacked in a far corner of the loft, then another 50 9-can empties. They both looked at each other in amazement, then shrugged together knowing what they needed to do first; clean it up.
     Their promised meeting at the store with Kalin was only an hour away by the time they finished the cleanup with so much trash and garbage that it was difficult to imagine how the trash pickup could ever get it gone in just one trip. Esther turned to it all and did her angel thing, gone, all of it. She actually did not care where it went with the wave of a hand, but she knew it was not there and that was enough. Milly kept thinking why they just did not do that move to begin with but realized that trash was everywhere, and it probably would not have worked as well since there was the possibility that they could have thrown out something important. In fact, they found Biblical notes and personal messages on yellow messaging pads from his father underneath some of the trash including some Bibles. She thought about it, shrugged, then nodded to Esther with a victory thumbs up and a smile of approval. 
     Milly was so tired that she carefully sat down on the couch after placing a paper towel on one of the cushions, “Whew! I’ve never worked this hard in all my angel life. How can someone live like this?”
     Esther commented, “He lives this way because he has nothing to live for. We must change that. I guess we need to go see him. He works down the street. Milly, you kind of smell and so do I. We need to clean up a little. Do you want to do it the human way in a shower and soap or our way?”
     Esther saw her considering, “I know I just scrubbed the mold out of his shower and put down that white scrub soap. I’d rather not see that shower for a while. Our way except I want to dress like you. I don’t want this stuff I’m wearing. I like the way your pants hang off your hip bones; and especially, the way your shirt shows your belly and your perky self. Is that okay to say? I just think I’ve got to come around and start getting out of my shell as Jesus suggested. I do like your shoes, those sandals, except I like turquoise, not red. What do you think?”
     “I think we can make arrangements for all of it. So, go ahead, do it. You know how. Imagine it first, then nod to yourself when you are ready, then it will happen. You go, Girl! We’ll both look so sassy together. Of course, he’ll not be able to tell us apart anymore. We have to give him something else to help with that.”
     “Your hair is short and the long side swoops to the left. Why don’t I make my hair short and the long side swoop to the right? I also saw a lady with purple color in hers like a wide stripe in it. I want one of those in mine. I think that is enough to tell the difference. Can I change something else?”
     “Sure, what do you have in mind?
     “Well, this is embarrassing. I want my, my, my, to be bigger, not too much bigger just bigger.”
     Esther laughed, “You really are trying to change God’s creation. You mean you want bigger boobs? Milly, you can find a lot better things than that to change the creation your Lord gave you, but if that is what you want, go ahead.”
     In seconds, Milly, after concentrating, her clothes changed except she also made her pants match the colored stripe in her hair. As for the headlights, she very much miscalculated and was having difficulty fitting into her t-shirt now. 
     Esther whispered, “OMG” to herself. Well, she could always change back later if she wanted.
     Milly mentioned, “We are righteous, right?”
     “Of course, we are. We were created in heaven,” not understanding why Milly said that. 
    “Well, if I am righteous, then so are my feet, right?” 
     “Makes sense to me,” still not understanding why she said it. 
    “If my feet are righteous, then my hands are righteous, right?”
     Suddenly Esther started figuring out where this was going, but let her go on, “Sure.”
     “So, that means that my …”
     “Don’t say it Milly. Yes, but right now that means you are far more righteous than me by a long shot or shall I say a big shot,” she laughed.
     “I guess I’d better change back, right?” she asked sadly. 
     “I would unless you want everyone to think you are Dolly Pardon’s sister,” she laughed again. 
     “Who is Dolly Pardon? Never mind. I’ll change back. The hair thing will have to be enough difference between us for now.”
     “Sure, sure,” Esther assured her and watched as Milly’s t-shirt fit far better now. 
     Milly turned and did fashion moves that she had seen on TV while they were cleaning. She even picked up on the walk, the little walk that always separates fashion girls from those who aren’t. Esther had the walk down pat, now Milly was picking it up. As they walked down Broadway toward Circuit City, several men in pickup trucks slowed down and whistled, offered rides, then some homeless on the street offered candy, which wasn’t candy at all, but the girls knew intuitively what it was all about and laughed and kept walking.
Bob Again
     Bob kept riding his bike up and down Broadway to see if he could spot the girls, then suddenly he spotted them heading away from the waterfront. He followed far enough behind that he doubted they noticed. 
     Esther did. It was just a second sense that darkness was creeping up on them. She mentioned to Milly, “I think someone is following us. This strange old man on a bicycle. I don’t sense that he is a dark angel, but he certainly isn’t holy. He could be someone that Dar Raven is using to figure us out. Keep walking and don’t look back.”
     Milly trembled at the mention of Dar Raven, then wondered if this human would try to hurt them or even more importantly Kalin. 
     Bob saw them walk into the Circuit City store. He went across the street at the car wash and just hung out. Everyone knew him anyway, and he could see everything taking place in the front of the store.  

Dark Realm
     A small rather sniffling deformed creature kept his head almost flat to the black marble that surrounded the dark realm throne accented by swirling black clouds. This was Apollyon’s place, and it made Apollyon imagine that it was hid him from the Lord of Glory; which, he knew it did not. It was his pleasure to embrace the lower forms of creature worship. They aggravated him most of the time. Occasionally, like pet dogs he showed them kindness, but he always kept them around from the hell fire, and they knew it. Apollyon felt something was going on in Nashville or something was going to. He could not figure it out. He hated all the praise churches and Gospel singing that came out of Nashville. Nothing he ever did to stop that worked. Nashville just could not stop the music about the Lord of Glory. It was everywhere. It was just too much for Apollyon to watch and listen to for very long at a time. Still, he sensed something going on. He was counting on Dar Raven and Shadow to find out. 
The Knights Templar
     “Brother Lawrence, there is a young man at our door wanting to see you. He’s very insistent. I’ve got to confess, he’s a very good-looking man.”
     “Brother Gabriel, I’ve been expecting a visit. The Lord came to me in dream and said that He was sending me a visitor. Bring him into our conference room. I’ll be there shortly. Be nice to this person. He is from heaven. The Lord said his name would be Caleb.”
     Caleb looked at the priest holding him away from entry. He laughed at the reluctance, then waited. Brother Gabriel came back to the door after a minute and opened it with a big smile, then a brotherly hug.
     “You’re from heaven, aren’t you?” Brother Gabriel asked. 
     “Yes, I’m am here to see Brother Lawrence,” answered Caleb.
     “Please, please, come in. You are as tall as Brother Lawrence and his other brothers. I guess heaven grows them big, right?” as he laughed and led the way through the dark halls of the Pluscarden Abbey. Caleb heard the distinct Scottish accents of those around him as they moved from one passage of the monastery to another. 
     Brother Gabriel stared intently at Caleb, then stopped in the middle of the long hall and commented, “You look so much like Brother Abbey. He is almost as tall as you, but the way you walk, your mannerisms, your hair, everything looks so much like him.”
     Caleb started to become nervous. He knew these men were Nephilims. He wondered if any of the human women he had connected with in the past thousands of years had children by him. 
     He instantly shrugged it off, then spoke, “Oh, that’s nice. So, he is a good-looking guy, right?”
     Brother Gabriel laughed at the comment and motioned for them to continue while pointing to the large wooden double door of the library conference room. Brother Gabriel opened the door and motioned for Caleb to enter. 
     As Caleb entered, it was hard to imagine that this was really a monastery. Brother Lawrence had his back turned to him, then when he turned to face him, Caleb knew for certain he was a Nephilim. Brother Lawrence’s eyes were sparkling with the intensity of the stars as he took off his colored contacts and stood in front of Caleb inch for inch his same height. It was the meeting of the angelic order, and Caleb as impressed at just how much like an angel Brother Lawrence seemed. They stood in silence looking at each other, but it was Caleb who spoke first. 
     “I believe it’s been a long since I’ve met so many light Nephilims. I am almost 4000 years old, and you must be at least 2000 according to Jesus.”
     When Caleb said, “Jesus,” Brother Lawrence bowed and crossed himself in respect and honor. 
     “Well, I’ve not met an angel until I met Aaron just about 2000 years ago when he ordered us to take the holy items including Aaron’s rod and the Bowl of Manna, then hide all of the treasures of old Jerusalem in our monasteries. The greatest treasure was Mary, Jesus’ mother. We spirited her out of harm’s way. We built these places around them to protect them until the end times when we knew that we would be asked to do a final and glorious mission. I suppose this is the time, isn’t it?”
     “Yes, I could visit fourteen more monasteries, but your monastery has the brothers whom Jesus believes we need. You even have the stallions in your stable to ride on when you get there. You don’t know your assignment, do you?”
     “Not exactly. I know that we are to gather in Jerusalem for some reason. What does Jesus want us to do?” asked Brother Lawrence. 
     “He wants you to go to Jerusalem, gear up, and destroy the Dome of the Rock. He wants to make a statement to the Muslims and the Arab League that we are in charge and not them. He wants you to be the Knights Templar you were in ancient times,” challenged Caleb. 
     “The Dome of the Rock! Oh, my gosh! Jesus is wanting to start a war, isn’t he?” exclaimed Brother Lawrence.
     “The war is coming. Already, the countries of Iran, Syria, Lebanon, Palestine, and even an element of Russia and China are planning to attack. Jesus wants this done before they do. Just to prove a point. This is the start of the Battle of Armageddon. This is the showdown.”
     “Ok, then we were chosen from the other monasteries. You know we have hundreds of us alive and only twelve of us here waiting now. How much time do we have to get there, and what shall be our cover since we want to bring our horses and all our own armor and accessories?”
     Caleb laughed at his challenge. “It is convenient that Jerusalem is having a medieval exposition event that is to be demonstrating the talents of knights of old. It is a great contest that will pitch everyone in fine knights of old against each other. It is to be quite an international event. Every country except the United States will be participating: France, England, Spain, Germany, and special guests like yourselves. You’ll actually be there to represent a troupe of knights that supposedly do not exist, but you do. Nice surprise. You have three months to get there. Load up and come on down!” 
     “You’re going to be a busy angel, Caleb. We’ll destroy it down to the foundation for Jesus. Nothing left!”
     “Well, this one destruction project is going to be unusual. No explosives. Just the power of God. Full force! Bam, you bring it down with a shout and a boom!”
     Brother Lawrence nodded in agreement. “We’ll all be there. When the time comes, I still want us riding in toward the Dome of the Rock on our white horses and shields showing like I said. We’ll accept all the help we can get from the full power of God. Praise Him! The other monasteries are not to be an issue. They are only smoke screens. The ones who matter are here in this one. All twelve of us.” 
     “Well, then, we are about to start. I guess this is why the Lord asked me to come here first. Smoke screens, games to play, tricks and illusion, announcements, and side shows. Our Lord is a great chess player, right?”
      Brother Lawrence commented, “Yes, He is. All of this just to poke the dog.”
     Caleb choked, “That is the second time I heard that phrase. That’s rather funny.”
     “Oh, guess we all share a lot of metaphors after being alive so long. I want you to meet someone before you leave. Brother Gabriel, ask Brother Abbey to come to meet Caleb.”
     Brother Gabriel smiled knowing exactly why he was asked to do that. Caleb started to become uncomfortable with the request and suspected. Brother Abbey came from behind Caleb and greeted Brother Lawrence who nodded to Caleb to turn around, but Caleb knew already. It was his voice, his very same voice, then when he turned and saw Brother Abbey, he gasped, it was him.
     Brother Abbey saw it too. He knew that Caleb was an angel because Brother Gabriel let him know about the heavenly visit but did not tell him anymore. Tears of joy filled Brother Abbey’s eyes as he approached Caleb, then he just stood in front of him and measured him up and down. 
     “Brother, Caleb, I always hoped that I’d meet my own Dad one day. My mother talked about you all the time,” he said softly, then reached out for a big hug.
     “I can’t believe this. I wish I had known. We aren’t to interfere with our angelic children, but I would’ve come to see you from time to time if I had known. I can’t believe our likeness. Just as good-looking as me!” he said reaching for another hug and chuckling at his own compliment. 
      “Mom told me that you were beautiful. You are that. Her name was Sister Catherine at the Episcopal Saint Sewanee Retreat. When she found out she was pregnant, the other sisters almost kicked her out. When she told them that you were an angel, they didn’t believe her, either. It took Jesus Himself and several other angels to meet with the other sisters to convince them to help care for me. I was raised at Sewanee until I was sixteen, then Brother Lawrence came and brought me here. I am the youngest of all of the priests, but I am still part of the order of Knights Templar.”
     Caleb sensed that Brother Lawrence was bothered about something, then he figured it out. Caleb asked, “Brother Lawrence, do you really believe that you all will be killed in this mission? I promise that nothing will happen to you. I promise that I will speak to Jesus about this.”
     Suddenly, there was a knock on the library door. “Brother Gabriel, who else is coming to meet us?”
     Brother Gabriel shook his head “no,” then they all knew who had knocked. Jesus walked through the closed doors of the library stepping up and between Caleb and Brother Abbey, then made His way to the conference table and sat down.
     “Good to see you, My Children,” Jesus spoke. Everyone went to their knees. 
     Caleb spoke first, “You must have heard my concern, right? My Lord?” 
     “Oh, yes, and I had no intention of my favorite knights, including your son, to be harmed. I just hadn’t told you how I wanted to protect them when the time came. I’ll send my favorite team to take care of them, and a whole army to support you. Not a hair on their head will be harmed. Not a hair. I don’t send suicide missions. My favorite Nephilims will come back here and continue for thousands of years to protect those very same holy heavenly elements. After all, I plan to rebuild the temple in my own image and have a place to visit in the New Jerusalem. These holy elements will be moved to the new temple when it is finished. I always need My Nephilims to protect all of those treasured things no matter where I have them placed.”
     Jesus nodded one more time at everyone, then disappeared. They were all stunned by His visit, then suddenly they broke out singing, “Onward Christian soldiers!”
Apollyon
     “What have we been able to see? What’s going on?” asked Apollyon looking Dar Raven right in his eyes. 
     Dar Raven shook his head, “No, nothing.” 
     Apollyon could not believe it. “We’ve had so much peace and quiet. I know the Arab League is planning an attack on Israel, and I gave them our personal assurance that we would help them. There is not a single thing the light is doing? It just doesn’t make sense!” 
     “We don’t know exactly when the Arab League plans to move, but they won’t move without us?” asked Dar Raven. “There is word on the street that Hamas believes Israel is planning to do something against the Dome of the Rock.”
     “That’s ridiculous! Why would they do that?” shouted Apollyon. 
     “I’m just telling you what the streets are saying. We don’t see any indication of anything like that now.”
     “For the Lord of Glory to do that would be the equivalent of a declaration of war. He would never do something so direct as that. What time frame have you heard about that?”
     “Nothing, nothing at all, not a single thing. It’s true paranoia.”
    “If he did that, then it would move up Armageddon by years. I’m really not ready for that right now. I don’t want peace, but I certainly want to harm and destroy as many Christians as possible before Armageddon happens. Call it one of the few pleasures of my eternal life. So, Dar Raven, I don’t want that to happen. Let’s say that I want more time before that final day. I know, I know, I’m supposed to win, but everything is stacked against me, still I do have a chance, one chance in hell, to use a well-worn phrase.”
     “So, I’ll keep listening and observing, and I’ve a local Nashville observer working for me right now,” answered Dar Raven 
     “Okay, let’s try this,” the darkness around Apollyon went flint black as he pulled back into himself while thinking. “What is it that is just happening, nothing big, just normal light angel stuff. Tell me about that too.”
     “Okay, but it is like you say pretty normal. There are two heir servants who have been seen walking down Broad street in Nashville toward the downtown area. One is very modest and boring while the other is rather sassy if you know what I mean.”
    “Oh, yes, a training mission. Well, we can’t ignore that. Remember, Irish was on a training mission with that little Grace years ago when she started a regular, all-out war with us and Aaron and his band. So, follow them, let me know.”
     “That is exactly what my observer is doing right now. Can we try to kill them?” Dar Raven asked knowing the answer and feeling awkward for suggesting it. His new self felt very uncomfortable in killing something as beautiful as the heir servants, and he regretted asking the question to begin with. 
     “No, we don’t do that with heir servants, at least not in public anymore. Not since Sinte Hades got caught doing it, and Aaron took care of him the hard way.” Dar Raven shuddered from Apollyon mentioning Aaron too much.
     “What else?” asked Apollyon.
     “Caleb. We’ve seen Caleb in Scotland. He looks like a tourist, a big, large tourist, but a tourist none the same. It looks like he went to the monastery there. We just thought he was visiting some priests for moral support. Nothing, not a big deal.”
     Apollyon stood up and stretched his dark wings in front of Dar Raven, then answered, “To see Caleb in Scotland is no little deal! Unless, he’s on vacation. When heaven sends someone like Caleb anywhere, it means something. What is so interesting is who and why he was there?”
     “Maybe Caleb going there is not what you think. Caleb has a son called Brother Abbey. We knew about him years ago when he was a teenager, then he disappeared for a while. Years later he went to see his mother in Sewanee. That’s when one of our own let us know about him and where he was living. So, it could be a family visit.”
     “You’re right. Heaven has a policy of non-interference when it comes to their light Nephilims. They are not to engage them or interfere with their development. Of course, now that Brother Abbey is an adult, then Caleb can visit. You’re right. Nothing going on there.”     
     Apollyon continued, “Okay? Just pay attention to Nashville right now.”
     Dar Raven felt the criticism burn about Apollyon’s initial response about the monastery. Apollyon enjoyed his response upon reflection, then wondered about Caleb. The two heir servants really did not bother him as much as he put on. Suddenly, he had a strong sense that made him still wonder if there were any connections to what they were doing and what Caleb was up to. He shook his head to disregard the thought and went back to looking into the fiery abyss of hell enjoying the tortured souls screaming for mercy and getting none. They were his, all his. He especially liked to see the Muslims encountering their surprised faces that there were no virgins. That was even more fun.
Kalin
     Kalin busied himself with some new customers while some of his cohorts asked him what was wrong. 
     Sam asked, “Hey, buddy, what gives with you? You look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders.”
     “It’s okay, Sam. Just a little girl problem. You know how that is, right?” commented Kalin, then saw Sam shrug then rolled his eyes in understanding. Sam had three girls around him at home now, with his wife and his daughters. He felt outnumbered many times.  
     “I overheard that. You dating, again, Big Guy?” asked Daniel his manager.
     “Oh, no, but I got these two girls who are messing with me,” he answered and walked away with Daniel and one other cohort following saying almost together, “Girls, girls, like plural, like more than one! You have to be kidding me, and you call that a problem?”
     “What are they? Look like dogs?” answered Derek.
     DJ, one of Kalin’s closest friends, joked about the girls, “I guess you never told them about my dog drinking that gas, yet?”
     Kalin turned to DJ and mentioned, “They just want to live with me, not hear my jokes.”
    His cohorts moaned slightly with the implications wondering just how much like near ugly these two could be or was Kalin dreaming it all up. 
     “No, they are both beautiful. Too pretty for me. As pretty as angels. I’m just not ready for any complications even if it means pretty women.”
     Covington came up behind that comment, “I am. Why can’t you be my lead man, and I’ll take care of any pretty ones that you don’t want.”
     Kalin laughed and went on to help a customer with a big TV question. His friends were a rumble of questions and meddling until the girls came in. Kalin was busy with customers, but the greeter welcomed them. Reggie was first to meet them. 
     “I’m Reggie, what can we do for you two?” asked Reggie while looking at Milly’s face as she stared at his knees where his jeans had deliberate fashion holes in them. She wondered if he was poor and could not afford appropriate clothing. 
     “Oh, we want to work with Kalin. Is he in?” 
     Reggie was stuttering, he was so caught off guard. These two were way too beautiful, and there were two of them, then he considered the possibilities that these were the same ones Kalin was talking about. It could not be. It absolutely could not be. Kalin was not good enough, not for these two. It almost made him sick.
     The girls decided to play their human part well, so they approached Kalin who was not paying attention. As they approached the table where Kalin was working, the customers’ jaws dropped. They could not look at Kalin anymore. They literally drooled, then watched as both the girls came up to Kalin. When he turned toward them, Esther started with an affectionate embrace, then planted a very affectionate kiss that sent a rumbling wave through the whole store and especially Kalin’s customers. Milly was in shock about it, then decided to take the challenge. She placed herself on the other side of Kalin and took over from Esther with her own embrace and pushed her face up to his but pulled back from a kiss, not having any experience, then not even wanting to. It seemed rather intrusive, too much for her right now, but enough that the sensual wave the Esther created continued. The two customers went pale, and one ran out of the store to get a breath of fresh air. How could these two beautiful women do what they did? Kalin was just not worth it. Their jealousy was overwhelming. Kalin laughed lightly, then turned to Esther and patted her butt in response to see her slightly recoil, then she laughed with him. Somehow, he did not want to do this to Milly. 
     Kalin was starting to realize that the Lord felt like he was important enough to invest the time of two very beautiful, heavenly creatures just for his painting benefit, but he did not know why. Who was he to reject pretty company. After all, he was the angel painter, and they did name some of the angels in his last and only left painting. There was this sudden urge to paint more. He felt like the scales were being lifted from his eyes. 
     Still, Kalin acted astonished and whispered so no one could hear him, “What in the world are you two really doing? How can you just do that to me? I just met you a couple hours ago.”
     She whispered back, “You just patted me on the butt, and you’re saying that to me? You dirty old man.” Kalin flushed red from the gotcha comment.
    “Yes,” Esther said loudly, “And, we cleaned your loft and washed your dishes, then took out your trash, just for you. We are yours just for the keeping. Don’t you understand?” Everyone heard her. 
     With that, several other of Kalin’s cohorts left the store while several more ran to the back to the secure room to vent their ongoing astonishment. This was way more than they could handle for the moment. 
     “Okay,” Esther said, “We’ll be waiting for you at your loft unless you want us to take you to lunch like we promised.”
     “It might surprise you that you have caught me so off guard that I can’t even think about eating. I’ll cook some noodles when I get back,” he started shaking his head in amazement but absolutely enjoying being around them both. 
     Kalin suddenly asked, “Wait, I have someone I want you to meet. He’s a faithful Christian. He’d love to meet you. I can’t wait to introduce you to him.”
     Kalin walked while motioning for them to follow. As they went to the back office, Kalin’s cohorts parted out of the way in a stunned response. Derek asked him frankly, “You aren’t telling me that these are the ones you were talking about?”
     Esther commented figuring out what that was about, “Oh, yes, we’re the girls who want to hang out with God’s little painter.”
     There was not even a sound from the others as Kalin knocked on the office door, “Hey, Wade Man, it’s Kalin. I’ve got someone you need to meet.”
     Wade opened the door, then spotted the girls. He instantly knew who or what they were. He guided them inside and closed the door and lowered the window shade. “I have a strong feeling that I know what you are? The Lord’s is speaking to me right now. Kalin, are these two angels?”
     Milly answered this time, “We are straight from heaven’s gates. 
     Esther continued for Milly, “You are beloved of our Lord. We are honored to meet you. Our Lord’s Spirit is all over and in you.”
     Kalin encouraged, “Show him your wings and your eyes.”
     Both of them spread their wings that almost touched both walls because of their immense size, then they took off their contacts showing all the multiple colors of the rainbow that all heir servants were known for. Their colors filled the office and bled out under the door into the waiting room. Several noticed and tried to see in, but the shade only let the edges of the window leak out the colored exhibition. They pulled back into themselves and put their contacts back on. Wade was going to his knees when Esther stopped him.
     “We are not to be worshipped. You have many guardian angels protecting and surrounding you right now. If they all were seen, there would not be enough room for any of us even all the way out into your waiting room. You have hundreds. It is so nice to meet the Lord’s work so vividly demonstrated in a human.”
     Kayla, one of the only female team members banged on the door trying to get Wade’s attention, “Wade, man, Wade! A Muslim is out in our parking lot praying on a rug. Wade, did you hear me?” 
     Wade opened the door and the air was still full of all the rainbow colors as Kayla almost fell into the office in the middle of all of them. She turned to the girls and had a puzzled look on her face, then suddenly smiled broadly, “You guys are angels, aren’t you?”
     Esther laughed at her excitement, “Yes, we are, and the Lord loves you as much as you love Him!”
     Milly acted rather distant for a moment and put her hand into the air as if listening to someone. She tapped Kayla on her near shoulder to get her attention, then stated simply, “Kayla, Coach West, says hi, and that he misses you. He said he always enjoyed hanging with you and your great excitement that you always brought with you.”
     Kayla trembled with tears running down her face. Wade grabbed the door and closed it again before anyone could catch them in their Godly moment. 
     Wade raised his hand in the air and announced, “Prayer time.”
     Everyone in the office raised their hands in prayer as the girls spread their wings again while going into their own praise worship.  
     Wade prayed, “Let us worship Him! Let us praise Him! Lord cover us with Your Spirit and help these two angels on their Godly mission!”
     Kalin felt such a relief in his spirit to have the girls and friends around him. He knew that it was a good and righteous thing to have the girls paying so much attention to his art. He was becoming driven with the excitement he always felt for the art he loved so much.  
      The girls hugged on Wade and Kayla, then they walked out winking at several of Kalin’s friends who had escaped onto the sales floor. Suddenly, Esther remembered why Kayla came to the office. 
     “Excuse me for a second. I’ll take care of our Muslim prayer lady,” she replied as she walked out into the parking lot directly for the lady. 
     The lady finally saw Esther walking toward her, then excitedly proclaimed, “I’ve a right to pray. You can’t stop me. This is America!”
     “Ma’am, I just want to mention that your prayers are going nowhere. I’m here to tell you that the one you call the prophet of Allah is in darkness and chained. He led others astray from the truth.”
     “Get out of here. I know the truth. Allah is God, and Mohammed is his prophet!”
     Esther drew close to her and saw that she was afraid of her. Esther approached her even more closely. She pulled off her contacts and her star colors burst out in all directions. The lady gasped in surprise. 
     Esther commented, “I’m an angel of the Lord of Glory. There are no Muslims in heaven. You’re lost and need to repent of your sins and accept Jesus as your Savior.”
    The lady literally fell on her face in front of Esther as she put her contacts back on, “I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I’ve always loved the prophet Jesus. I didn’t love His cross. I’ve no peace. Please, let me have peace. I’m so sorry. I repent of being so wrong. I ask that you let me receive Jesus as my savior. Please, let me have peace!”
     From the far side of the parking lot, a tall man with jeans and a large t-shirt came walking towards Esther and the lady. He walked between them, then expanded His arms as if to invite an embrace. For some reason, the lady knew it was Jesus. She rushed to Him as she sobbed in thanks. Esther nodded to them both and returned to the store while Jesus and the lady walked quietly up the street leaving her rug behind. 
     Esther came into the store as the employees asked, “Who was that man who was walking with that lady?”
     Milly answered rather excitedly, “Oh, that was Jesus. Don’t you know Jesus when you see Him?” Not a single person said a word except Kalin, Wade, and Kayla who were praising His name under their breaths. 
     As the girls walked toward the doors, Esther put her arm around Milly’s waist and whispered, “Walk like me. Just like me. It’s just part of showing off your best assets, and girl, we got those, trust me.”
     As the girls headed for the front door, Milly turned to Kalin beside her and mentioned, “Oh, tell Reggie that I fixed them.”
     Kalin asked, “Them what?”
     When Kalin turned around and looked at Reggie, there were no holes in his jeans at his knees anymore. He laughed as Reggie noticed not understanding how it happened and not knowing whether he wanted to.       
     Those still in the store came out and ran for the front windows watching them both walk away towards downtown Nashville. Several cars had some fender bumpers, and there was screeching of tires up and down Broadway. 
     They did not leave unnoticed. Bob saw them interact with Kalin, then tried to remember where he had seen Kalin before. He finally remembered, it was a picture of Kalin standing in front of Bull Hogan’s church where all the young people were holding up some of his angel art for an art show he had sponsored by the church. He was donating the sales proceeds to the youth group. He suddenly felt that this might be important for Dar Raven to know.  
     When they got to Kalin’s apartment, Milly commented, “I sensed that he is thinking about painting again.”
     Esther agreed, “I did too. He can’t paint and work that job. We need some extra help for him.”
     Suddenly, as if upon request, a modestly brown briefcase appeared on his kitchen table. The girls noticed it at the same time. Milly ran over to it and opened it without understanding the importance.
     “What is this stuff?” Milly asked. 
     Esther laughed, “Its money. It’s a whole lot of money. Looks like with all those 50s and 100s at least a hundred thousand. I guess the Lord agreed with me that he didn’t need to work that job. Won’t he be surprised?”
Brother Lawrence
     “It is difficult to imagine how much the world had changed since the creation of the Knights Templar. Here, we are twelve Nephilims with all the strength and abilities of angels including exceptionally long life,” commented Brother Lawrence. 
     Brother Lawrence looked around the conference room at the rest of his brethren. He saw the excitement and contentment that they were going on this mission. This really was like a vacation for them.      
When he was alone or only in the company of his fellow Nephilims, then he took off his colored contacts. When he did, his star eyes burst upon the scene like great July Fourth of July sparklers. It was an interesting if not amazing sight for all of them to do the same in the same room. It was something they did for themselves like a treat and most of the time on only special occasions.     
     “Okay, my friends. I guess you already know that we’ve finally been called into action. We’ll travel to Israel together, but we’re to travel as participants in a medieval game exhibition. That gives us the perfect cover.”
     Brother Albert, rather stoutly built, came forward and shook Brother Lawrence’s hand in excitement. “This is great! After all of these years, we can do something other than guard our artifacts.”
     Brother Lawrence put his hand on Brother Albert’s shoulder and patted in affectionately. Brother Lawrence never figured out how it was possible for Brother Albert to be so small as a Nephilim when the rest of them could play pro basketball. He guessed it was just one of those anomalies where the human genes were so much dominant. He loved Brother Albert anyway, and he always took more time to make sure he was treated with respect and gentleness among the rest, then there was Sister Abigail who made up the only woman priest.  
     Sister Abigail asked, “Well, this is so exciting! We have waited and waited for so many years for just a chance to prove our worth. Just protecting artifacts no matter how important to the Church has not been enough.”
     Brother Lawrence put his hand up to silence her slight discontent. “Please do not express it that way. We’ve served faithfully. Our long lives have not been wasted.”
     Sister Abigail asked, “Could we be killed?”
     Brother Lawrence admitted, “Yes, possibly. We are mostly immortal, but there are things that we know would not apply like being blown to smithereens. How’s that for an answer. Still, Jesus came and talked to us in this very same room. He promised that not a hair on our head would be harmed. He is going to send us angelic help including Brother Abbey’s own Father, Caleb, to make sure of that.”
     Brother Sam asked the question for all of them, “What does the Lord want us to do?”
     “Oh, boy, guys, this is going to be a big one,” answered Brother Lawrence. 
      There was an audible excitement and encouragement poking each other to help Brother Lawrence continue. So, Brother Lawrence did, “We have been asked to destroy Dome of the Rock.”
     There were whoas and groans and only a couple exited yahoos. Brother Lawrence calmed them down, then the big question was “Why” followed by “how”?
     Brother Lawrence sat down at the conference table while they all followed, then they continued to poke at each other while gathering even more excitement despite the task at hand. 
     “We’re to destroy the Dome of the Rock because it will very possibly trigger the Battle of Armageddon.”
     “Why? Why? Why?” asked the group.
     “It looks like Jesus is tired of waiting for the end and wants to spur it on a little. He figures that the destruction of the Dome of the Rock is the perfect fuse to be lit. He is not much into our traditions as you might want to think. Whatever he destroys, He plans to rebuild and even better next time in what we all call New Jerusalem.”
     “How? How? How?” came the exclamations. 
     “I don’t have all the details. I just know that we will stand before the Dome with our stallions, and us dressed in our Templar colors, then it will be like the walls of Jericho. You know, with a shout and a roar, and the walls come tumbling down. I had a dream about this last night and saw us raising our swords in our left hand with our Crosier staffs high in our right while the Dome split in two all the way to the ground. It was amazing, then I woke up,” commented Brother Lawrence. He had the confidence in his brothers that it was all okay. They all trusted Brother Lawrence and had for the last 2000 years, and it was no different now.
     Caleb appeared in heaven in front of Jesus surrounded by his best angel cohorts. Caleb spoke to Jesus. “The knights are ready. I don’t believe they’ve figured everything out yet but are close. Have you made the announcement of what they are going to do?”
    Jesus answered, “I sent Brother Lawrence a dream about it last night, and he took it to heart. That is just enough for right now.”
     Aaron commented, “I heard that Apollyon resurrected Dar Raven to do his bidding, now. This ought to be fun. I took care of him before, and I’ll do it again,” then Aaron felt the gentle pat on his shoulder of Irish coming up from behind him. He reached out and pulled her close to him with a light kiss on her forehead. Just a little peck.
     “You know, I love the way my angels build these close relationships with each other, but I especially love the way your love is expressed and the care you have for each other,” remarked Jesus.
     “There is no doubt of my love for Irish. We await New Jerusalem where angels can have bonds and marriage just like humans,” answered Aaron, then Irish nodded and pulled even closer to him. 
     “Irish, what’s happening with Kalin? Do you think he will start painting again?” Jesus asked.
     She answered, “I bet he does. The girls are just now getting him used to them being around. From what I’ve seen, I think he rather likes it. Of course, little Milly is a handful. You already know about that?”
     “You might want to go visit them in a couple days and help them along.”
     Irish bowed toward Jesus, “I will my Lord. I will!”
Girls
     Jesus spoke to the girls waiting for Kalin to come home, “You got company. It’s Dar Raven. Don’t be nervous. They are just observing, snooping.”
     Esther asked Jesus, “Why is he following us?”
     “They’re curious. They’re thinking something big is happening, and I do want them to get nervous about it.”
     “I understand that you have assigned Aaron and his buds to help us, right?” she asked, then was watched Milly who was hearing the same conversation. 
     Milly looked terribly nervous about Dar Raven. Esther felt it, then Aaron appeared in the apartment standing by the door. He was so large that neither of the girls could even see the frame of the door. Aaron still had his fighting sword sticking up over his back from a minor altercation in South Sudan. He finished the dark angels off quickly. The Christian villagers were drilling a well when dark angels appeared and tried to poison it. Aaron sent them back to hell in pieces. 
     Milly jumped back and fell onto the couch in surprise while Esther replied to Jesus, “He’s here,” then the conversation was over. Ralpho ran straight to Aaron and practically jumped into his arms licking his face repeatedly until Aaron calmed him down while creating a ham bone, a tasty distraction. It worked. 
     “Hey, guys, sorry to surprise you. Just to let you know that I’m here and have friends. Got him painting again? We have to start the rumor mill going and that is a great way to do it.”
     “This is one heck of a way to do that? Jesus really has a lot of style, doesn’t He?” Esther commented and bowed slightly as she said Jesus’ name.
     Milly chimed in, “Our Lord is all about style. I kind of like the way He does things. Do you think that we really play that important place in this new drama? I mean, just an artist, just an announcement, and just a bunch of Knight Templar Nephilims? Goodness, it’s interesting but just blast the Dome of the Rock from heaven and get it over with.”
     Esther turned in shock at Milly’s suggestion. Aaron laughed out loud, “Now that is what I call a mouth full. Milly, relax, it’s about telling a story and playing our parts. And yes, full of our Lord’s drama and style as you say. Just enjoy your part and watch it all unfold.”
     Esther was shushing Milly but could not get her to hush up before she finished. Milly noticed the look on Esther’s face, then measured it against Aaron’s response and figured it was all okay.
     Esther smiled weakly and felt that it was all okay. She wondered what was happening to Milly to make her so outspoken. She guessed she was just coming out of her shell. Maybe a little too fast. Still, she was impressed. Suddenly, they heard Kalin coming up the stairs. Aaron disappeared just before Kalin entered. 
     Kalin was ready for them and with a sign of resignation not seeming to mind their presence. Instead, he went to the large window facing the Tennessee River and just stood there. All he could think about was “Why?” He just could not imagine how some artist in Nashville could ever be important enough to marshal two angels just to get him painting again. He finally turned around and faced them noticing that even though they were twins, there was a marked difference between them other than the hair style. He felt Esther was far more comfortable in her own skin just because of her finger nail colors and skimpiness. He had already seen Milly earlier, and it was hard to imagine how changed she was. Milly fascinated him. It must be this sense that she really was still very uncomfortable. He sensed a modesty and simplicity about her. He always liked quiet girls, and Milly seemed far more that way than Esther. 
     They all just stood still looking at each other. Finally, Milly spoke quietly, “We really are here to help. You understand that, don’t you, Kalin? We brought you some special help, so you don’t have to sell TVs,” she commented as she took the brown suitcase and dumped all the money on his kitchen table.
     It was difficult to imagine the impact of that. He was so shocked that he sat on the floor where he had been standing. This is the second time the girls had seen him do that. 
     “I don’t know what to say. It’s obvious that the Lord is serious about this. I promise that I’ll be too,” commented Kalin in an almost depressing tone, but he was seriously considering painting again. 
     Kalin continued, “Before today, I just want to be left alone. Paint, yes, if I want. Not paint, if I don’t,” he answered. “I’m not a people person, and it’s obvious I’m not much of an angel person either.”
     “Tell, me,” asked Esther, “what painting is in your mind right now?”
     “Now, now, well not anything, nothing,” answered Kalin almost remorsefully.
     “I don’t believe you,” Esther mentioned flatly. 
     “Okay, okay, well, I’ve this image of something, an idea that I had already run by the Federal Museum of Archives in Israel. They accepted it and asked me to do the work, but then Dad died, and I never got back to them. The reason the museum seemed to like my art idea was that it was as they put it to demonstrate the freedom of art that is not buckled to tradition, then off the record give the Muslims a little slap in the face.”
     “So, you have the painting in your head right now. Is it too late to accept the offer? I bet it’s a mural, right?” she gently pushed.
     “Yes, it is fifty feet long; and once it is done, it will be glazed and formatted to go across the museum headliner. I haven’t thought about this much until now. Funny, they just called two days ago and raised the offer.”
     “Are you telling us that God gave you a painting, and you aren’t going to do it?” asked Milly being very confused.
     “It’s my art, my mind, not God’s. I just paint spiritual things and stuff. That’s all, nothing less nothing more,” spouted Kalin. He was frustrated because he felt the pressure of the question squeezing him tightly. 
     “That’s not the way it works,” Aaron spoke while appearing behind the girls. Kalin rolled away from him on the floor. He tried to get away from Aaron so fast that he rolled all the way across the room and almost on top of Ralpho, who yelped in surprise. Kalin got up and stumbled for the bay window until Aaron ran to him holding him up. Kalin was shaking all over. The drama of all of this was too much for him. Two angels and now this very large mountain of a man who had to be another one. He was beginning to be frightened by it all. 
     “You’re an angel too, right? A Power? Is that not what heaven calls its battle angels, right?” he mumbled.
     “Yes, I’m a Power. Commander of the Angel Legions. Aaron is my name. I’m here to protect my angels, and you if need be. You are wrong. You were given that painting from God to paint. It did not come from you. It came from Jesus, the Lord of Glory!”
     “Yes, yes, you’re in that angel painting right there. The one with that beautiful angel with her hand on your shoulder. That is you! That is you!” he exclaimed becoming very excited now.
     “The beautiful angel behind me is Irish, my new Jerusalem bride. She and I are as you would say a couple. You’ll probably meet her soon enough. We’re all here to help you finish your painting. Now, tell us what the painting looks like.”
     Kalin got up slowly as Aaron supported him, and the girls came around to help Kalin get into a comfortable sofa chair. Milly went and got him a glass of water. Esther knelt down next to him and took his hand gently. He looked at them, then shook his head in amazement. He felt such a sense of warmth as the Holy Spirit flooded over him straight from heaven. He knew that this was important; they were important, and so was he. 
     “It’s so simple. It is a painting of the Dome of the Rock. There are twelve knights dressed in yellow gear with red crosses on them. They are sitting on these white stallions in front of the building with large Crosier staffs like the Episcopal priests uses in their ceremonies. I actually have the details of each in my head. I don’t understand what it means, but they have their swords and staffs raised into the air, and there is a large massive crack in the Dome that follows all the way to the ground like it was involved in a great earthquake. I don’t know who the knights are or what they are doing, but that’s it.”
     “Tell me, what group is financing this mural in Israel?” asked Aaron suspecting something else. 
     “There is this financier who was part of PCCTS. Have you ever heard of it?” asked Kalin, not knowing why Aaron was so interested.
     “You mean Pauperes Commilitones Christi Templique Salomonici or Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon normally known as the Knights Templar or Templars for short. So, some of our own people are on the board. That makes sense.”
     “Really, but I thought those guys were started in the 13th century? You make it sound like they were around even before or during the crucifixion.”
     “Actually, they started then when a group of about 150 Nephilims, children of union of angels and humans, formed a pact to protect the precious artifacts and persons tied closely to the early church. It is interesting because many of these knights served in the Roman legion when they helped start the Templars. They made great horse soldiers because of their size and their ability to fight as well as being almost immortal. They could be wounded but heal. They could be blinded but see. Some had powers like us angels do to walk through walls and go invisible. The perfect Templars for all times, and the perfect Templars for the Lord’s use. There are twelve of them at one monastery who are even more special than the rest. They helped protect Mary, the mother of Jesus. They were able to get her out of Jerusalem and originally helped her settle in Ephesus in John’s home. After that, John asked for even more protection. These twelve Templars came to help and moved her into their monastery. At that time, this monastery was the most secret and isolated one in all the world in Scotland. This is where Jesus came to see His mother. These twelve have been at the same place for the last 2000 years. I believe, since I have not asked, that they also protected the Holy Grail used by Jesus in the Upper Room. Like I said, I never asked, but I have always thought that: a pretty important group to say the least.”
     “And Mary?” asked Kalin.
     “She lived a long and cared for life. I see her in heaven every once-in-a-while as she comes and goes from the Lord of Glory’s throne room. She is just as beautiful as ever.”
      Milly exclaimed, “Hail Mary, full of grace!” Esther bowed slightly, and Aaron put his hand up in praise. 
     Aaron was back asking questions again, “So you saw twelve Templars. Were any of them women?”
     “Yes, one was. I could tell by the shape of her back.”
     “Yep, that’s our guys, alright, with Sister Abigail.”
     “Nephilims. Wow! That’s so cool. So, what do you think the painting means?” he asked excitedly.
     “It means you have a painting that is prophesying the destruction of the Dome of the Rock by the Knights Templar. Once it is painted, then it may signal the beginning of the Battle of Armageddon.”
     “Oh, great! So, that is what those trumpets are in the painting. The signal from heaven of the beginning of the end. The trumpets are in the far corners of the painting being held by some very large angels with golden wings.”
     “Good guess. We need you to finish the painting. Apollyon will try to stop you. That is also why we are here. He certainly doesn’t want this to happen too soon. It signals his demise and his end.”
     Kalin got up, went to his computer, then opened an email from the museum. He accepted the contract and asked for arrangements for him to have a place to work. This was too great a deal to miss.
     Joseph appeared at front of the door just as they all heard the message, “Dar Raven is in town. Prepare yourselves.” 
     Joseph was wider and thicker than Aaron and his second lieutenant. “Shall I take care of Dar Raven or do you want to?”
     “Well, if he sees us, then he’ll know it is important. Let’s just let the girls handle it. Let them be sweet and harmless just helping a Christian artist. We’ll be close if it gets nasty.”
      Kalin asked, “Are you telling me that some nasty whoever is coming looking for me, us, them?” He said this while pointing to the girls with real concern. 
     Joseph stepped forward to answer the question, “If there are light angels, then there are dark angels. If there is righteousness, then there is darkness. So, Dar Raven is the darkness. He’s just trying to find out what our girls are doing. They know that the girls only go on the most important assignments, and even more so of Aaron, me, Irish, and Caleb. If they see us, they will certainly know the importance.”
     “Okay, I’m game, what is the importance, again! I’m just a little guy that paints. What’s up with that?” 
     Aaron answered for all of them, “The Lord of Glory wants you to paint the future. It’s just His way of announcing the end of the dark one.” 
    “So, I paint what I have in my head, then it happens, then the dark one gets nailed, then everything works out, right?” 
     “Sure, sounds good to me,” answered Aaron amused at Kalin’s attitude.
     “So, I won’t get hurt, right, like killed or something like that?”
     Aaron laughed, “Well, we don’t think so.”
     “What, you don’t think so! What kind of answer is that? You all invaded my life; and now, I just agreed to do some painting for a bunch of angels. Now, you can’t even guarantee that I will be alive tomorrow!”
     Aaron continued, “Oh, take it easy. They don’t care about you as long as they don’t know how important you are. Are you going to tell them? Be the simple painter and let us be the bodyguards and protection we’ve been ordained of the Lord of Glory to be. Let us take care of you. So, relax!”
     Suddenly, Aaron realized he had almost missed his first assignment, Bull. He looked up just as Joseph realized it too. “Kalin, I’ll leave you in good hands with our girls. Joseph and I have another place to be. You do what I said, relax! You’re in good hands.”
Bob Again
     Bob sent a mind message to Dar Raven, then Dar Raven appeared with him down the street from Kalin’s apartment. Bob was so nervous that he was about to jump out of his skin. 
    Dar Raven asked, “What do you have?”
    Bob answered excitedly, “The girls are hooking up with the painter guy, Kalin. I remember him from the newspaper article with his picture in front of Bull Hogan’s church. You know, that one right there on that poster. I saw them smooching on him at the Circuit City place down the way. Those girls are really pretty, aren’t they?” 
     “Heavenly angels always are. Comes with the territory,” he mentioned looking as Shadow who was being eyeballed by Bob. Shadow did not like it and turned, then hit Bob with a closed fist that busted his nose sidewise across his face. 
     “You don’t have a chance, Bob. Look at something else and not me,” she ordered as he fell back on his backside and struggled to getup again but as far away from Shadow as possible. 
     Dar Raven and Shadow disappeared and were walking close to where Bob said Kalin lived to see if they could get any more information. 
     Dar Raven looked at Shadow and commented, “Ready to go to church?” 
     He saw Shadow recoil and frown, then she spit and hissed at the same time. Her response made Dar Raven laugh. 
    “That bad, huh?” he commented. 
     “You’re not just kidding!”
Preparing for Sunday
     Bull was on his knees when he felt the continued burden that was like fire in his chest. It seemed that he saw things as his eyes are closed that were like seeing a vision of something that as coming. He saw battles between light and dark angels, then soon after he saw a vision of the Dome of the Rock. It kept coming back pushing against his mind and heart. What was he supposed to do? Why was he seeing these things? He started crying and weeping until he felt he could not cry anymore. It was hard to describe but even more mysterious were the people he saw surrounding the Dome of the Rock. They looked like the grand knights of the crusades dressed in bright yellow vestments with red crosses on their backs and chests. Each of them carried what he recognized as one of the Crosier hooks that Episcopal bishops carried, then he saw them slamming their staffs to the ground and watching the Dome of the Rock split in two from top to bottom and came crumbling apart all the way to the foundation, then it was over. He was stunned. He could not move. He froze and much of it was in misunderstanding. It was like watching a science fiction movie. 
     Suddenly, he heard Aaron speak behind him, “Well, Bull, did our Lord of Glory just give you a Godly vision? What do you think about it?”
     Bull rolled sideways onto the floor and was scrambling for his baseball bat he kept near his study desk. “Who in the heck are you?”
     Aaron answered laughing when Joseph appeared beside him, “It is not who we are that is important, but what we are. I’m Aaron Commander of the Angel Legions, and this is my 2nd Lieutenant, Joseph, or this mountain is my 2nd Lieutenant!”
     “Angels! Angels! Oh, my gosh! I’m talking to angels! This is wonderful! This is absolutely wonderful! What is this all about? Can I take your pictures, please?” 
    Aaron laughed again, “Sure, let us spread our wings for you, but you can’t show our pictures to anyone except your family for a while. I don’t want Apollyon to know we are here, yet.”
     Joseph and Aaron spread their wings filling the room with their immense size, then both took out their swords and held them up in battle fashion. 
     Aaron asked, “Is this good enough?”
     Bull had grabbed his iPhone and was clicking multiple pictures as fast as he could while watching them change position for even better poses. Finally, Bull, put down the phone and approached them as they put up their swords on their backs and pulled their wings into themselves. Bull went straight to Aaron and hugged him tightly, then turned and did the same to Joseph. 
     “I guess I never realized how big angels are,” Bull responded in astonishment. 
     Joseph laughed, “Well, some of us are just a lot bigger than others. We are Powers. We are created to fight and for battle against the dark forces.”
     “Are the dark forces afraid of you? I would be,” he asked. 
     “Some are. Most are of Aaron, then not as many of me. But really none of them likes to do one-on-one with either of us if they have a choice.”
     Aaron pointed to his iPhone, “Announce the coming of the angels Sunday. Apollyon is expecting there to be an announcement of some kind, so we are asking you to do it. We want you to be a distraction to confuse the enemy. He’ll think the angel announcement is the one he’s been waiting for, but it really is something else a little later. Our angels will be preaching on the street corners, and it will be hard to walk down a street without bumping into them. The first will be millions of heir servant angels, then closer to His return us big guys will come. Don’t mention us big guys quite yet. There is one thing we don’t want you to talk about: Your dream about the Dome of the Rock. We have other ways to do that. You’ll see it when it happens. Be prepared, for no one to believe you right off. We might even send some angels to show up at church soon. Watch for us.”
     “So, I am some kind of trigger to start something to happen for the Lord?” he asked.
     “Just a little. We have bigger announcements coming, but your little one should be enough to cause chaos in Apollyon’s rank. He’ll be trying to figure out what’s going on, and you’re the perfect distraction from the grand finale.”
     “Oh, just a distraction, then something else is going to happen, right? Maybe, a bigger announcement, right?”
     “Yes, exactly, then bam! It will happen!” Aaron almost shouted. 
     “Bam! Just like that. What shall I tell everyone about the timing of all this?” Bull asked, not sure what a distraction really was necessary but trusting it was important somehow. 
     “Bull, it’s an eternal game. The whole world is God’s chessboard. It is a very important game. There are moves that mean something and those not so, then there are distractions like losing a pawn or a knight, but the king is always safe. There will be no time estimate. As in scriptures, tell your people to get ready. When our angels show up at your church take plenty of pictures. The fact that those pictures are showing up from you will attract some extra visitors, but we’ll be near to take care of them if we have to, but only if we have to.”
     “Extra visitors? Who? What? You don’t mean dark angels, do you?”
     “It’s all part of the game. Of course, dark angels. They know that where I am will signify the most important assignments. Of course, where angels are sends the same message, but more so if they see me. There are others here in Nashville as well as dark angels. We will be near to take care of them, don’t worry. As I said, there are light angels who will be coming to church in the future. Bull, enjoy the game. You are on the winning side?”
     Bull felt a little disappointed, “Why the game, Aaron?”
     “It’s the way it has always been since the creation of the world. Now, is not any different. Just remember, you’re on the winning side. I imagine that your church is soon to be overflowing with people wanting to see the angels. I’ll have our heir servants make appearance from time to time, but you have a chance to preach the Gospel of the Lord of Glory to them. This is your and our great opportunity to bring them to know Christ as Savior. Enjoy the ride!” answered Aaron just as Aaron and Joseph disappeared leaving Bull speechless.
     Just at that time, Gloria showed up with the girls. Bull did not even wait for them to get out of the car but ran to them pulled the doors open and started shouting, “I had angels visit me! I had angels visit me!”
     Gloria could see it in his eyes. In fact, Bull was literally glowing as if the glory of heaven from Aaron and Joseph had rubbed off on him. She saw it, then hugged him while getting her packages and commented calmly. 
    “Well, sure you did, Bull. Well, sure you did. Can you help us carry in our stuff?” 
     It was at that moment that Bull realized that she didn’t believe him so he grabbed the bags from her arms and set them on the ground, then showed her the pictures on her phone. When he did, she swooned and went down on one knee with him catching her. 
     “I can’t believe it! The Lord is coming soon. Isn’t He?” she exclaimed as she came to. 
     “He has always been coming soon. You know that. This time there is going to be an invasion of His angels called heir servants, after that even more will come as big as those in the picture,” Bull almost shouted.
     “How soon? When?” she asked.
     “They would not tell me. They said that I needed to tell our congregation about this and watch what happens. They warned me that dark angels would be coming to church, but His angels would be there to take care of them. It’s a game, Gloria. It’s a game! It’s the Lord of Glory playing chess. I’m just a little pawn while they prepare but an important pawn. I’m a Godly distraction while they plan something else. I saw a vision of something else, but I cannot tell you about it. I’m telling you the angels are coming to earth.”
     “Dark angels in our church. You have to be kidding! That scares me,” she said as they went in the house. 
     A soft voice came from near them saying, “When Aaron the Commander of the Angel Legions says that you shouldn’t be concerned about the dark angels, he means it!” and Irish stood watching all four staring at her in an eternal acknowledgement that she was right.
     Irish spread her wings and although not as immense as Aaron and Joseph’s they were beautiful and full of multiple colors. Her eyes showed rainbow colors from heaven, and her looks were not only overpowering, but shockingly beautiful as well. 
     “I’m Irish. I’m thousands of years old. I’m an heir servant angel who works closely with Aaron and Joseph. You have to trust us that no one will be harmed.”
     Glory went down on both knees this time and grabbed at Bull’s leg in support. The girls ran to Irish and hugged her like she was a long-lost friend. 
     Gloria whispered, “I believe. I really believe.”
     Bull pulled out his phone and asked, “Can I take your picture too.”
     “Why of course. Normally, we don’t, but we’ve decided that this will help sidetrack Apollyon. I’m helping a couple of other angels in town too, so I will be near if you need me. Apollyon will be watching your activity so much that he’ll miss what we’re really doing. Yes, chess, but even more than that. The Lord of Glory likes winning with style and with grand surprises!”
God’s Little Author
     Gabrielle pulled at her hair making it more perfect and neater as she looked over her class. She taught the course in history just like she always did: a little lecture, a little team, full of smiles just like she had for the last 21 years. Teaching ancient history was not all that difficult for her since she had lived in many of the bygone eras herself. She had been assigned five believers to help and care for. The last was right after the crucifixion with a Christian Roman officer. He was responsible for building home churches and protecting them from his fellow soldiers. 
     The students loved her. The guys loved to just look at her, especially when she would walk away, and they could get a good look at her perfect form sashaying slightly in total disregard for the stares but knowing they were watching anyway. She was all of 5’ 11” and still slender with thin shoulders and long legs that made it hard for any man to look away. She always believed, and it was true, that many of her male students had a crush on her. 
     There was only one person who knew she was an angel. It was the Dean of the Vanderbilt history department. It was when she came on board to teach. He tried to date her, and after one dinner, she never gave him the time of day reminding him that she just wanted to be friends. Five years ago, he came to her with some pictures. It was in his office that he laid out a picture of 16 years prior when she came to teach, then a recent one. 
     He asked, “Gabrielle, you were young looking for your age of forty when you came to work here, but you look the same. You haven’t aged. You look all about 25 to 30 at most, and not a single hair on your head has changed and no wrinkles. Can you explain to this old man what this is about?”
     Gabrielle laughed. She respected the dean and knew that he was still feeling the shun for her not wanting that relationship that he imagined about. She made a choice not to age but to keep her profile just the same, and she remained no more than 25 years old all these years. She figured it would catch up to her one of these days, and it had.  
     She looked behind her at the door of his office to make sure that it was closed. “Dean, have you ever wondered why I wouldn’t continue a relationship with you?”
     “Why, yes, and what does that have to do with this youth miracle right before me,” he replied being slightly confused. 
     “You’re an avowed atheist. You even support movements that protest against the religious right. How can I, an angel, ever be involved with someone who stands against the Lord of Glory?” she asked while spreading her wings almost filling the room with their rainbow glory, then she popped her contacts off and the rainbow star eyes flooded the room. 
     The dean was sitting in a swivel chair and leaned back so far in shock it flipped over almost throwing him out the glass window behind his desk. 
     He shouted in understanding and frustration, “I can change! I can change! To have you closer, I can change!”
     “Dean, that time has passed. When I came here, I was to remain quiet and blend in. I’ve not had a mission in over a thousand years. I always carefully looked at my environment to spot who and what my next assignment would be. After that dinner, I knew that the Lord of Glory would never let you be that mission. In fact, I have never been given an assignment in all that time. I have lived with over five husbands during all this time, thousands of years ago. My last assignment was Cornelius a Christian Roman officer who was instrumental in helping the spread of Christianity among his own soldiers and building home-church congregations. I bore ten children with him and out lived them all, obviously. Now, I’ll deny anything with crossed fingers if you tell anyone about me. Until then, I’ll be your good friend and colleague, but nothing more. In the meantime, you need to reconsider your position to the Lord of Glory. Yes, you can change.”
     At that moment, she pulled her wings into herself and just in time put her contacts back on as the secretary came into his office with some paperwork. It was Miss Mandy who was always so bubbly. 
     “Oh, Professor Gabrielle, you always look so pretty. You seem to have a certain glow about yourself every time I see you.”
     “Thank you, Miss Mandy, that’s so nice of you to say so.” 
The New Mission
     She was about ready to dismiss the class when a tall man in a priest collar stood just outside the classroom door. She knew Him just as He knew she would. She trembled in excitement. It was Jesus. Tears flowed down her cheeks. She immediately knew that she had been called to a new mission. She knew it must be important. Jesus nodded to the students as they left the classroom, then Gabrielle ran to Him and hugged Him, then kissed His check affectionately.
     “I’m being assigned a mission, right?” she asked watching him nod affirmatively.  
     “This is a little different. You’ll have to connect to this Christian writer. He’s writing a new book that is needed. It matches what an artist is doing. It is like having a Biblical script of what is taking place. He’s bogged down. He works two jobs and doesn’t have any time to finish it while living almost homeless in his van. It must be done. It must be finished. Do your connection as you always 
do. Be with him. Be everything to him. I need this little piece of the puzzle completed. Will you? I’ve not assigned you for life with him yet. I’ll let you know. Of course, he’d have to accept you regardless of my permission. You know, freewill, and all that kind of stuff.”
     She shook all over watching His loving, penetrating eyes seeing right through her. “Yes, of course. Who is he? Where is he?”
     “He works down the street at the Hatties chicken place. Get him away from that. Whatever you need to do, do it? His name is Robert Crawford. You might have read some of his stories in the past. He’s a good author, and he belongs to Me. Take care of him, sweetie.”
     “I got it. I’ll take care of it. I’m going over to the restaurant right now.” Jesus turned and disappeared in a wisp leaving Gabrielle panting breathlessly in excitement and worship.


Robert Crawford
     Robert was just the same height as Gabrielle with rather broad shoulders and a thick back from his high school wrestling days. It was not too difficult to see that if he didn’t work at Hatties chicken he would never afford eating. His stomach was sunk to his rib cage, and his pants almost fell off him but not because of trend, because of too much work and nothing to eat when not working at the restaurant, so he had to synch his belt up too many notches just to keep them up. He always wore his t-shirts extra-large, and it helped not make his thinness to obvious. Still, he wore some very colorful New Balance sneakers without socks, and he would wash them off in one of the bigger Shell station’s bathrooms. It was his van that was his home, and everyone let him get by with it. He was not the typical almost homeless person. He loved to talk to people and make friends, but he never asked for anything or begged. He wore his hair just above his collar, and its sandy color still showed through even when he hadn’t washed it in days while he wore it in an old-fashioned duck tail where it swooped together in the back. 
     Robert had a tough winter. He went to the rescue mission, but when they found out he had a van, they asked him to leave like he was over qualified to sleep there anymore. So, he parked his van in their parking lot and sneaked in when the big bosses were gone. The workers did not bother him, but the other homeless bothered him a lot and tried to steal even his shoes, so when he freshened up, he wore them in the shower. The homeless found out he had a laptop stored in his van and were always trying to get into it. Nothing of his was safe. That is why he ended up at the Nashville duck pond by the Parthenon. Parthenon security left him alone; just feeling sorry for him.  He was one of those who had not packed away the nuts for winter while always hoping for a big publishing win, which never came.
Meeting Robert
     When Gabrielle first met him, she thought just how good looking he was with such a sweet, young smile with no hard lines yet from all his adversities. She sensed the presence of the Lord in him and admired his determination.
     “Okay, folks, what level of hot on the chicken wings do you want today. Okay Ma’am, what do you want?” while looking Gabrielle directly in her eyes.
     “I don’t want chicken. I want to give you something,” she smiled, and while no one was noticing, she handed him a brief case. 
     “What in the heck is that?” he commented while taking the briefcase and starting to put it down away from the grill.
     “I’d suggest that you open it. It is a gift from the Lord of Glory. Just for you.”
     “Okay, I give. What’s so important that someone would give me anything except a tip?”
     “A bigger tip!” she whispered.
     “Okay, Okay, but if a customer comes in, I’ll have to take care of them, not this.”
     Just at that moment, he picked up the briefcase and opened it quickly, then stammered, “You have to be kidding me. How much of a tip were going to give me?”     
     “A hundred thousand to get you writing again and getting you away from this.”
     “Are you serious?” he asked rapidly closing the briefcase not wanting anyone else to see it. 
     “I think I have your attention, right?” she asked. 
    “My attention. You have to be kidding!” he stammered not knowing quite what to do. 
     He looked at her and wondered what anyone was doing handing him this money, then he remembered her. He had seen her walking down the street from Vanderbilt on occasion. She always caught his eye. It was the way she dressed in a way that was so modest, but not even her long skirts and high buttoned blouses could hide her exceptional attractiveness. She knew she was pretty and knew that others watched her, but her modest attire refused to advertise her looks like many of her cohorts. She was attractive because she was heavenly, and heaven had no greater example of that than her.     
     “Ma am, I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m willing to think about making sure this big tip is real by listening.”
     Gabrielle laughed, then replied, “It’s far more than the money. It’s about what you need to be doing. Come on and take a break, then let’s talk. We really need to talk.”
     “Ma’am, I really am too tired for games, but if you give me just a small stack of these bills, not all of it, then I can find the time to chat. How about that?”
     “Okay, well, big spender, let’s talk.”
     “Break here!” he yelled, then grabbed some money out of the brief case, stuck it in his front-jean pocket in a wad, then followed Gabrielle out to the restaurant overhang tables. 
     “Okay, now,” said Gabrielle. “I’ve been asked by Jesus to get your attention. I know you’re a Christian writer, but you have a book in your head that needs to be published. I need you to finish it as soon as possible. The Lord assigns me to humans to help them do stuff like this when I need to. I’m assigned to you”
     “Who are you? What in the heck does being assigned mean to me?” he responded sarcastically. 
     “It sometimes means that I live with a human until his task is finished, then other times I stay with them until they finish the race at the end of their days. I’ve not been told about the latter, yet.”
     “You mean someone like you is assigned to live with me. I mean like what? Like a friendly neighbor? Like a maid? Like shacking up with me with me?” 
     “I beg your pardon. Are you actually rejecting the idea of me hanging out with you? I’m pretty. Beautiful, in fact. Come on! I’m a professor of history at Vanderbilt for the last 21 years. I have tenure, but I also am on a mission from the Lord. He activated me for this. I’m here to help!”   
     She was astounded that he would even consider rejecting her help like she was not good enough for him. She remained calm but wanted to throw him through the nearest window.  
     “So, the Lord of Glory has assigned you to help me finish my book, then what? Hang around me to keep me company till I die? How come the Lord of Glory didn’t just come to me Himself and ask me? How about that? Right now, I’ve to take the word of a history professor?”
     Gabrielle reached over the small table and pulled Robert close toward her with his hand in his, almost overpowering him, then whispered, “He did. He showed up, and you served him on July 18th of this year right here. He asked you if you were a writer and about your writing. You had a short chat about it right here in this place. He ate the level five fried chicken, which surprised you, because he didn’t need a glass of milk and an anti-acid to handle it, right?”
     “That guy. I thought for a minute he was a homeless guy. He gave me the willies. His eyes shot right through me. I told someone about it. Well, after that, I started paying more attention to my writing. If that was Him, then thank Him when you see Him, Professor Gabrielle. So, just to remind you that writing the book is only part of it. What’s a manuscript if I can’t get it published. Do you have a plan for that too?”
     “Actually, yes, but you need to do your part first. We’ll take care of the rest,” she answered while becoming more agitated at his attitude by the minute. 
     “Okay, I’m game. You gave me a lot of money. I finish the book. You hang out with me. You get it published. Why?”
     “You are a piece of a large Godly puzzle that is part of the Lord’s strategic chess game against Apollyon.”
     “Apollyon, you mean to tell me this is really about a game between the Lord of Glory and the Lord of Darkness?”
     “Now, that you have mentioned it that way, yes!” she was waiting for a sense of shock on his face, maybe even fear, but did not see it. He was an old gamer who always loved those types of digital and interactive games fighting the trolls and killing the giants. This intrigued him rather than repulsed him. 
     Robert’s boss came over to the table and ordered him, “You need to get back to work and leave this pretty lady alone. How are you doing, Professor? My son loved taking that course from you. Robert, now!”
     “Oh, I quit, I’m sorry. Hope this is not too much a hardship on you all. You can call Greg, he texted me and is available and wanting to work overtime.”
     “Well, this is sudden. Okay, At least, you have good company,” he spoke while pointing to Gabrielle and winking. She winked back. Then he continued, “Good luck, Robert. I hope you get that book done you’ve been working on.”
     “I will. As a matter of fact, this is what this is all about, the book. Miss Gabrielle will be helping me get it done and published, right?”
     Gabrielle commented simply, “Yes, that is exactly right.”
     “Well, it must be some book to get help like this, Robert.”
     “It seems like it is to others. So, I guess it is.”
     Gabrielle was still not calmed down from their conversation and still wanted to toss him out a window to prove who was really in charge. She kept clenching her fist as she kept them in her lap and smiled at him hoping it did not look like a small snarl. 
     The Lord of Glory spoke to her, “Relax, he’s not used to having people treat him so well. He’s probably a little suspicious but give him a chance.”
    Gabrielle messaged back to the Lord, “He is only about twenty years old. I feel like a cougar. I know I look young, but even with my looks, he’s a babe, and I bet everyone will notice. I’m a cougar.”
     The Lord laughed, “I know you always went for the younger men anyway, so be a cougar. Just start making yourself younger if it bothers you that much. You know how to do that. I know you do.” 
     “Okay, okay, I give,” she commented and spoke it out loud by mistake.
     “You give what?” asked Robert. 
     “I give. I’ll order some chicken,” she came back quickly, then realized this required that she eat, and it had been at least 500 years since she ate anything. She hoped she did not throw up. Her body might not know how to handle it. 
    “Hey, Ex-Boss, Big Guy, some level two chicken for my lady! I’m paying!”
     “Your lady? I’m not your lady, yet. We’re just working on it,” Gabrielle reminded him.
    “Okay, working on it. Do I get to live at your place?” he asked, then watched Gabrielle’s mouth twitch slightly. 
     “Well, I guess the van is out of the question, and I’m to hang with you. Yes, with me. I’m not used to having people around, but we’ll work it out.”
     “I’m not used to company either. Never could get a date after I tell them I live in my van, my Cheech-and-Chong home.”
     “What does that mean? Oh, those guys and their smoking all that rope?” Gabrielle spouted back, “No rope to burn at my place, okay,” thinking, “What did I get myself into.”
    “I was kidding, don’t mess with drugs anyway, too expensive, need money for new shoes.”
     Gabrielle looked down at his colorful New Balance’s and swore that they were wet, and there had not been rain in weeks. She did not know he sneaked into the rescue mission this morning to take quick shower. 
     Gabrielle knew this was a challenge, but she would have to find a way to win Robert over, so he could trust the help she was going to give him. She would just have to give him a chance. Still, for the first time in her angelic life, she was almost hoping that the Lord would not assign her to him for life. She regretted those feelings; this was a first for her like that.  
The Bonding
     Both left and walked downtown to Gabrielle’s townhouse. Robert was astounded. How could a professor afford a suite on the top floor of this exclusive almost resort-type units. That is what it looked like to him. They kept going up and up, then on the 20th floor the door pinged, and they walked directly into her suite. The place was immaculate with wide-open space while the large windows opened to a massive balcony that could hold twenty people with her patio furniture and a large barbeque cooker. Robert walked slowly around the suite, then ventured out onto the balcony and returned as fast as he went. He hated heights. He thought he felt the building swaying in the wind and heard things creak under his feet. 
     “I’ve never been this high up in my life. This is scary.” He turned toward her, and Gabrielle laughed slightly.
     “Well, heights are something I’m very familiar with. All my life as matter of fact; a lot higher than this. I suppose you could say the heavenly heights. Haven’t you figured me out yet?”
     Robert scratched at his unkept wiry blondie beard, then slowly pushed on his forehead like trying to force something out of his brain. He ran both his hands back through his hair while starting to understand but too afraid to say it. 
     “Say what you are thinking, Robert,” whispered Gabrielle. 
     “Okay, okay, you’re an angel, right? Not the angel of death I hope,” he laughed while he said it.
     “Yes, and there are no angels of death. That’s a fable, a fairy tale. I’m an heir servant angel. I’m thousands of years old. I live on earth among humans while waiting, like I said, for a Godly assignment, which I take very seriously. My 21 years as a professor mean nothing to me compared to having lived thousands of years. I’m considered one of the oldest angels of heaven compared to Irish, who has me by at least a thousand years. I’ve been assigned to five humans in all those years. I’ve lived with each one of them and bore children with them and cared for them and their families for years. I have outlived all my families and my own children numerous times but have cared for all of them as I’ve been asked to do. I’m eternal; created from the heavenly womb itself. Does that help?”
     “How many children have you had?” he asked in a casual tone.
     “That’s the only question you have for me, ‘How many children I had?’”
     “Well, with five husbands, and probably no birth control, I figure you might have had at least ten,” he pestered.
     “I beg your pardon, but I had ten with my Roman centurion around the time of the crucifixion,” she commented, not understanding why he kept asking.
    “I guess you might have had twenty,” he pestered again.
    “Robert, please stop pestering me about my children. I’ve had fifty children. They lived very long lives as Nephilims. They didn’t know I was an angel except my husbands. Different things happened to them as they did in the old world where Christians were hunted and killed for their faith. They all lived righteous and prosperous lives for His glory. I see them around heaven occasionally. They still recognize me after all these years.”
     “Fifty! Aren’t you worn out with all that?” he exclaimed. 
     “Robert, some things never wear out if that is what you are referring to,” then she laughed and watched his face turn beet red in embarrassment. 
     “I think I need to shut up,” he commented and sat down in one of the large sofa chairs, then asked, “So what’s next, Angel Lady. So now you’re assigned to me. Do you get ten children from me, too?” he laughed. 
     “Stop that!” she fired back. 
     Gabrielle stood back from him and spread her wings, which extended all of ten feet across from tip to tip. They were full of the heir servant rainbow colors and were almost luminous and glowed with the glory of heaven itself. She reached and took off her contacts, and her rainbow star eyes burst out filling the suite with their glory almost blinding Robert. He covered his eyes with his arm across his face. 
     “I get it! I get it! I’m a believer! Jiminy Christmas! You’re like being around an alien from another universe!” he exclaimed. 
     “That’s exactly what angels are. The heavens are another universe and, in many dimensions,” she replied while pulling her wings into herself and putting her contacts back on. 
     “I give. So, what do you want me to do, write?” he conceded in submission to the obvious. 
     “Yes, write, and let me hang out around you while you do, okay” she answered. 
     “So, am I stuck with you for the rest of my life?” he asked not knowing whether he liked the idea or not, but he could have worse offers. After all, she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever met. He felt it was the way her height was molded so well into a perfect frame with an obvious small waist and slender shoulders with a long graceful back fully exposed down to her tan line. He understood now why she wore an open-back top because of her wings. She always wanted to be ready to use them without tearing her clothing apart expanding them. He noticed even though her clothes were mildly modest just how well formed she really was. He imagined for a moment what she was like without them, then quickly confessed and tried to look away from her for a moment to jog himself away from that thinking. She would be hard to live with just because she was so pretty. It was like living with a fashion model. 
     “I am absolutely not assigned to you for life, right now. Just this mission, this book. So, we don’t need to talk about the other for a while or never. Anyway, that is quite an insult. Have you had a better 
offer lately even if it is only till the book is finished?” she spouted back while knowing the answer.  
   “No, actually, not in my lifetime,” he responded sheepishly. He continued, “So where do I do my work? I have my flash drive with all my stuff on it. I always carry my work with me. In fact, I am so paranoid about losing my work that I have three flash drives with all my work on it. Remember, I’ve been working out of my van or going to the public library to write.” 
     “I know. You will work here. There are three bedrooms, mine is at the far end of the suite, then yours on the opposite. Sorry, but I’ve only one bathroom by my room. Your desk is here facing the window, and yes, the building does sway this far up; it’s not your imagination. You need tell me what you want to eat. I’ll get Uber to pick it up and stock the fridge. There is nothing in the fridge now. I don’t eat. I mean I can, but it’s not necessary. We left before my chicken order came, but I probably couldn’t have eaten it without getting sick anyway. I keep the grill out on the deck just for pretenses. I also don’t have to sleep, but I do it anyway, mostly little naps, but not often.”
     “If you don’t sleep, then what do you do with all your time?” he asked mystified. 
     “I pray and worship the Lord. After all, I’m created to do that. It’s a way of life to me. In my room, I’ve a small prayer bench that I use. I also pray on the balcony facing heaven. I seldom make noise when I pray, but I do love to spread my wings.”
     “Are there a lot of you angels living on earth right now?” he asked. 
     “Thousands, and millions more about to come. They’ll be like me, first. They’ll be preaching from every street corner all over the United States. The Powers will come later and will be the final movement of white wings, our nick name for them, before the return of the Lord.”
     “That’s the name of my book, White Wings! What are Powers?”
     “They are the warrior angels. They stand about seven feet tall and carry enormous swords for battle against dark angels.”
     “Don’t the dark angels try to kill you heir servants?
     “No, we are off limits like the Red Cross. We don’t fight nor raise a sword. Still, with our heavenly strength, we can defend ourselves. Believe me when I tell you that we are far less frail than you can believe from our looks. We don’t need swords to defend ourselves.”
     “Oh, like Superwoman, right?” he laughed again, then was surprised by her moving instantly in from of him and lifting him off his feet by both armpits. 
     “Yes, like Superwoman,” she laughed at his surprised expression. “Now, get to work.”
     Robert moved over to the desk and noticed that there were three computers and two active tablets surrounding him. He started the computer in the middle and cautiously placed one of his flash drives in and pulled up his book. He closed his eyes, then started typing having been behind on his ideas for a while and was just trying to catch up.
     After an hour, Gabrielle came out of her room, and he noticed she was wearing soft huggy bear pajamas with a half top. He got flustered when she pulled up a chair beside him to look at his work. 
     “Listen, I know you’re an angel and all that, but can you put on something a little less distracting. I can’t concentrate if I’m having to pull my eyes to one side not trying to look at you. I’m sorry, it’s just I can’t….”
     Instantly, her clothes changed to a pair of blue jeans and a baggy t-shirt that covered her mids, “Better?” she asked, not realizing the impact of what a little skin showing could do to a man. 
      She watched him relax a little, then stated, “You are a fuddy duddy, aren’t you? I would think you wouldn’t mind my scenery, but I understand distraction.” 
     “You have no idea how much of a distraction you were but aren’t as much, not now. Thank you. You see, I’m building this story. In this story, there are these knights who were around and tried to save some of the Christian artifacts, then escaped to life in monasteries all around the world. They have been responsible for taking care of Holy things for years.”
     “Oh, you mean the Knights Templar?” she commented.
     “Yes, that’s those guys. How did you know that? Oh, that’s interesting.”
     “Well, you have them living all over the world, but that is not exactly the case. The most important ones are in only one monastery together and are still alive to this day.”
     “So, they were either angels or Nephilims,” he commented.       
     “Yes, Nephilims. They’re born between and angel and a human. They can live for thousands of years given the right conditions. Just like my children. A monastery would be a place that would be the right conditions.” 
     “Other than the Nephilims, you must be reading my book,” he commented, not knowing what else she would know. 
     “Well, I am going to have these knights go to Jerusalem on a mission to start the return of the Lord. Sounds exciting, doesn’t it?”
     “Imagine that,” she said. “I guess Brother Lawrence, Brother Abby, and Sister Abigail would love that.”
     “Are you kidding me! How did you know their names? I just finished naming them. Have you been into my head or something?”
     “Or something, not in your head. Or something. I’ll keep quiet while you work on. I think I’m going to take a hot bath. Don’t forget to make a list of your meal and fridge requests.” 
     As she walked away from him, she changed back into her pajamas; and before entering the bathroom, she did a little swish with her hips that almost knocked him off his chair. He thought she is trying to mess with him. He saw her laugh as she peeked her head around the bathroom door and winked at him. 
     He was typing away when Gabrielle shouted at him, “Hey! Robert, bring me a towel. I need a towel. One is hanging on my bedroom door, please?” her voice almost begged. 
     “Okay, just a minute,” he reassured while running to the door, then ran to the bathroom door and knocked. The door opened, and he handed her the towel with his eyes closed; and when she took it, he turned around and started back to his desk. 
     “I told you that you were a faddy duddy. You didn’t need to close your eyes,” she stated as she came out of the bathroom with the towel wrapped neatly around her. She knew exactly what she was doing. She laughed to herself at the look on his face; scared of skin. She was proving a point. 
     Robert stood at his desk still trying not to look around at her.     She made it to her bedroom door, then turned around and walked slowly back to Robert. She tapped him on his shoulder; and as he turned around, she reached up and touched the side of his face. 
     “I just wanted to remind you what it can be like hanging out with me. It can’t be all that bad,” she whispered, then kissed his cheek and walked slowly back to her room.
     Robert just about fainted. He felt the pressure moving all over him and kept thinking about what she just said. Finally, he sighed, then said to himself. “I guess things could be worse. Not bad at all.” Gabrielle had made her point. Homerun. 
Going to Church
     Kalin stood staring at his angels, then started packing. He had preordered his paints to be delivered in Italy almost an hour ago. The girls looked at him and still sensed some resistance. It was hard to tell if their angelic nature was even enough this time. 
     Millie replied shyly, “Do you want to go to church with us tomorrow morning? Your plane doesn’t leave till late afternoon. What do you think? Take communion one more time before your trip, right?” 
     Kalin stopped packing, then looked a Milly as his face softened slightly. He started realizing that the Lord was only trying to help, not harm him. He felt His love overshadowing him, and he wondered what his dad would think about all of this. He thought Milly would probably be having tea with his dad and baking cookies for him. He tried to imagine his response. 
     He started while thinking about these angels and their mission and said, “I would like that. My dad and I always went to Pastor Bull’s church in Greenhills. Can we go there? I would like to say goodbye to him and tell him what I’m getting ready to do.”
    Milly smiled and nodded in agreement. “Yes, we know Bull. He is one of our favorite people.”
     Kalin stopped in midstream after throwing a pair of socks in a bag. “That is exactly the way my mom would say it. Just like that in that same voice.”
     Milly answered, “No one else knows; but when I found out who you were, I slipped off and went to see your mom in heaven before we came. I heard her say it that way too. I didn’t mean to mimic her so much. She asked us to look out after you.”
     Kalin was shocked, “Why didn’t you say that before? We could have avoided all my obstinance if you had. I’ll let you look after me just because of that. Thank you for telling me about her. Is she happy?”
     “Yes, she said to tell you how happy she and your dad are and happy she was able to spend those years with you. You were the light of her eyes. Isn’t that what she used to say?”
     “Yes, it was,” he replied with tears flowing down his face as he picked up another pair of socks and wiped at the tears.
     “We’ll both be back in the morning. No sense bothering you if you don’t want us too. When we go, you need to choose one of us. We both can’t go with you. We’ll go see your mom and dad and chat with them about what is going on.”
    “Oh, my gosh. That is so good. So, good. I’ll think about you two and tell you who should go with me. Thank you.” He nodded and they both disappeared. He immediately broke down weeping after they were gone. 
     Esther turned to Milly after they arrived in heaven, “You really surprised me. I had no idea that you went to see his mom. That was so special. No wonder Jesus believes he will choose you to stay with him.” 
Gabrielle
     When Robert woke, he was on the couch exactly where he had sat down on a break from his writing last night. He looked out at the balcony, and there was Gabrielle with her arms in the air swaying back and forth while on her knees, then bowing and raising them high in the air again. For just a second, almost a nano-second, she spread her wings that pointed the tips of them to the heavens, then pulled them into herself. From her vantage point, she could also see hundreds of other angels spread out in worship on the tops of other buildings and other balconies in Nashville. Some changed and spread for their wings too, and they all knew they shared the worship together.
     Robert was shocked to see Gabrielle take a chance to be seen with her wings spread, but it was only for a second. If someone was looking, they would barely be able to focus on her before her wings were not there anymore. That was going to change soon. Soon heir servants would be flooding into the United States by the millions with wings spread and colors flying. 
     Gabrielle came back inside, “You have a nice nap?”
     Robert smiled, then said simply, “Heavenly nap.”
     “Oh, that was cute,” she laughed. “I don’t teach today. It’s Saturday, so what did you want to do? I think we can spend some casual time together if you want. You are almost done, aren’t you?”
     “Actually, I am. I’ve been doing my new edits and adding some names of some of my angels. I want us two to go to church on Sunday. Imagine that. I want to take communion. It has been a long time.”
     “I think that is a great idea,” she announced happily. 
     “I go to Bull’s church in Greenhills. Are you familiar with him?
     “Oh, absolutely! He is one of my favorite pastors. He looks like one of our Powers except without a sword.”
     Robert chuckled a little. “How about if we just take a long walk around Nashville. I’d love some of my friends to see us two together. They’d be so jealous.”
     “Okay, anything to help the human self-esteem. So, what is it you want me to wear or not wear today, Mr. Fuddy Duddy?”
     “Now, that doesn’t help my self-esteem. Okay, since you asked. Just wear some faded-out jeans and a Big T and please, just cover up a little more.”
     “Oh, that way, okay. You humans are so skin conscious. I’m yours to command,” she laughed.
     Robert answered in a mumble, “Some of us are more skin conscious than others.”
    “I heard that. Admitting a weakness. So, I won’t make it any worse or tempt you anymore,” she laughed as she said it. 
     “Not as if the tight jeans won’t be enough,” he mumbled again.
     “I can ditch the tight jeans if you want” she answered and changed from tight jeans to baggy jeans before him with her imagination.
     “No, tight is good. Got to have something good to look at around town.”
     “Okay, you asked for it,” as she went back to faded tight jeans that accented her long legs with a T that barely made it to her waist. She was showing off her flat abs and her belly button with a ring in it while exposing her tiny hip bones barely holding up her pants. 
     “How’s that?” she asked watching his face twitch several times almost saying, “No.”
     Robert gave up, “Okay, okay, belly buttons and hip bones. I accept,” thinking he would be watching her most of the day and probably get run over by the tap wagons downtown doing it.
Dar Raven
     “Okay, are you ready for church on Sunday,” Dar Raven asked.
She shuddered with the thought of exposing herself so openly to such Godliness, but nodded “yes,” obediently, and her stomach turned inside out with the thought. 
     “Bob said that the artist goes to that guy Bull’s church in Greenhills. We might get lucky and pick up a clue on what’s going on,” he continued as he watched Shadow turn almost grey in a panic attack.  
     Dar Raven chuckled and winked at her discomfort and asked her, “You really don’t think we will run into Aaron and his crew, do you?” while watching her face twitch even more uncontrollably with the thought. 
     Suddenly, she shrugged slightly, but the shrug as a give-up shrug that was filled with exactly that thought. She was scared to death of running into Aaron. All dark angels avoided him if possible. It was something not to joke about, then here was Dar Raven doing just that.
     Apollyon sent Dar Raven a message, “Don’t joke about Aaron. He’s not an angel to trifle with. If he shows up, you might find yourself in pieces while trying to recuperate,”
     She heard the comment and trembled even more. 
Bull
    Bull spent the night in prayer preparing for his angelic presence in church. He also sensed that it was going to be unusual, then there was a premonition that there would be a great battle of angelic beings on the church front lawn. It was hard to imagine if it was excitement or fear or both he was feeling. 
Aaron and Irish
     Aaron met with Irish unseen in front of the Bull’s church. They waited for the unexpected with anticipation. They knew that Dar Raven was in town. He would be hard to miss. Aaron was first to sense that Dar Raven might be bold enough to show up at church. He felt they would have already confronted their heir servants if they thought what they were doing was important enough. They already believed that everyone would be at church this morning, and both were ready, including a whole array of angelic support. 
     Soon, they were proven right. Kalin and Robert showed up with their angelic counterparts in toe. There were nods and smiles as each of the angels recognized each other. In fact, they all gathered together on the same pew, but Kalin and Robert never noticed. They just thought everyone was being friendly as they sat down together on the back row behind the audio engineer. 
     There was still room on the pew, then Irish walked in after shaking Bull’s hand while he remembered her, “Bull, you ready for church, today?”
     “I think the best question is whether you and your friends are?” 
     “Oh, don’t worry about us. In fact, some of us are already here, right now,” she mentioned pointing discreetly at the nearby pew. 
     Irish moved toward the pew, then Milly saw her and gasped, “I can’t believe it. It’s Irish,” she whispered, but Gabrielle heard her and turned nodding and smiling so much that Robert had to turn around to see what the attraction was. 
     Robert whispered to Gabrielle, “I know you’re pretty, but that lady there is one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen.”
     Gabrielle chuckled slightly, “There are none in heaven as beautiful as Irish. I absolutely agree with you.”
     Robert laughed softly, “Are we in the middle of an invasion?”
     Gabrielle mentioned, “Not yet, but soon,” to Robert’s questioning looks.
      Bull was so full of excitement that it was hard to contain himself. He just wanted to run to the front alter and shout about the angels in their midst. Irish noticed his urge, then got up and went back to him, then touched his arm. He felt the power of the Lord covering him and quieting him. He had to let the angels play their own hand. He was just a convenient messenger. He already knew that whatever he said was to be a distraction for Apollyon. The chess game was progressing perfectly. Even if Robert and Kalin announced their real intentions, no one would pay attention to them until it was too late. It would be like looking one way and saying whoops when the Lord’s announcement was pointing somewhere else. Just a game, just a game, the end game. 
     The service was moving into the praise of songs and celebration making it easy for the angels to raise their hands in the air. All four of the angels felt their wings punching out from their backs, and they tried to resist against it: not yet. 
     Robert noticed how uncomfortable Gabrielle was as if she wanted to jump out of her skin. Kalin was in the middle between the girls when Milly grabbed his hand tightly, almost too hard. She was having difficulty resisting the wing impulse. It was getting to be too much like heaven. Bull noticed them and wondered if they were going to show themselves. Bull stood in front of the altar, then began to preach about the end times.
     “I want to announce that angels are ready to invade earth. There will be millions of angels coming before the return of the Lord. I’m here to announce that we even have angels in this congregation who are part of that final entrance before the Lord comes back!”
     There was a gasp and some scoffs from the congregation that seem to rumble through the pews. There were comments, “He’s crazy again?” 
     Irish stood up and yelled, “Come!” 
     Suddenly the doors flew open, and heir servants by the hundreds flooded into the sanctuary. They expanded their wings and swooped down from the back to the altar. They surrounded Bull while his family rushed to the front to join him. The congregation fell over themselves to get to the altar. It was hard to imagine the impact of the angelic presence. Irish laughed at the angel mayhem. Robert and Kalin ducked as the girls spread their own wings in relief that it was okay now. They lifted off the pew and flew down to the altar with Bull while the congregation raised their arms in praise and worship. 
     Irish said to Bull as she flew to the front, “I think we have everyone’s attention. I noticed all the phone cameras going. I bet you’ll have a great crowd next week after Facebook gets going. The angel church, right?”
     “Oh, Lord, I never thought about that. We really are drawing some attention!”
     Irish answered simply, “That’s the point.”
Dar Raven
     Dar Raven heard the shouting and praise even before he opened the sanctuary doors. Apollyon let Dar Raven know about the announcement. It bothered Dar Raven, but he was driven to know if this was the announcement that Apollyon was waiting for. Shadow pulled back and followed Dar Raven closely feeling her stomach turning inside out. This is not what she wanted. The presence of the Lord was pushing on her, and she only felt like cowering in a corner somewhere and covering her head. It was too painful. It was too much holiness, too much of everything she was against and hated. It was reminding her that she was an outcast and not wanted. She just wanted to run away. If it had not been for Dar Raven looking back at her and scowling at her reluctance, she would have run away. 
     Dar Raven stepped boldly into the sanctuary and moved to the back watching the angel celebration. He was looking for Aaron or other Powers. That was what he was coming for. Dar Raven thought that this announcement was it. He expected the heavens to open and thousands of angels to come. This was it for him. 
     Apollyon almost shouted into his mind, “This is an announcement? This is too easy! Something is wrong! It doesn’t smell right! It is too easy! The Lord of Glory never makes it this easy!”
     Dar Raven spotted Irish at the same time Shadow did. Shadow turned and ran out the church. She knew where Irish was that Aaron and his top angels were not that far behind. This is not how she wanted to end up, in pieces. Dar Raven bristled at the thought of Aaron being near. All he could see were heir servant angels with their rainbow wings and star eyes illuminating everything around them. It was beautiful to look at, but he was not interested in beauty. He had heard enough and just wanted to get out of there. 
     Aaron appeared behind Dar Raven, “You looking for me?”
     Dar Raven jumped away from Aaron’s voice and fell over the back of the pew. Robert and Kalin turned to look, then were surprised to see this huge angel with white wings extended and reaching for his war sword. Dar Raven made his sword appear, then took a defensive position. The congregation stopped celebrating and watched in horror as Aaron and Dar Raven stood facing each other like two great bulls in a Roman arena. 
     Aaron spoke plainly, “Do you want to fight, or do you want to leave? The choice is yours. I know what you are looking for. The announcement. Well, you got it. Take your little witch out front and get out of here!”
     Dar Raven gripped the handle of his sword and considered all the battles that he had with Aaron, knowing he had never won. Being cut in pieces in a church was not what he wanted. He turned to hear Bull coming up behind him. 
     Bull shouted at him, “Get out of here! You don’t belong where the Lord of Glory is present!”
     Dar Raven started to swing his sword at Bull and would have cut him in half, then Bull charged him in an unexpected tackle that was his prized talent on the football field. It knocked the wind out of Dar Raven, then before Dar Raven could get a breath, Aaron stood over him and placed his sword point down on Dar Raven’s throat. 
     “Good move, Bull,” he commented. 
     Aaron spoke again, “I told you to make a choice. You have only seconds left. I’ll not give you another warning!”
     Shadow was outside the church shaking all over. She was suddenly surrounded by fifteen heir servants who just stood around her and did not say a word. All she could think about was that Dar Raven was inside with Aaron. She knew that Aaron had to be in there. She looked around for his other close comrades, but only the heir servants showed up. 
     Irish spoke to Shadow, “I’m sorry about who and what you are. You still have a chance to change if you ever decide to embrace the light. We’ll accept you if you do. I promise. We can change your dark colors for our own rainbow ones if you only repent and embrace the Lord of Glory.”
     Shadow trembled at the implication, then spoke honestly, “I have thought about that. Apollyon is listening to me now. I’ll not even exist soon because of those thoughts. Still, there hasn’t been a dark angel who never thought about it before. You’re just a beautiful as all I’ve heard, Irish.” 
     Dar Raven came stumbling out of the church with his sword in hand, “Let’s get out of here!”
     Dar Raven pushed himself through the crowd of angels and grabbed Shadow by the arm, then disappeared. They both appeared in hell’s sanctum. They were alone for a minute while breathing heavily. 
     “I take it that Aaron was inside, right?”
     “Don’t be stupid. Why would I run from anyone else but him? He is the only angel that can defeat me. Now, what were those heir servants saying to you?”
     “I’ll tell you what they were saying to her,” Apollyon stated as he came up to both. “They were trying to convince her to come to the light. What bothers me is that she admitted she had thought about that before. So, Dar Raven, cut her good, then send her to the fire pit.”
     Shadow started to run, but there was nowhere to go. She turned to face Dar Raven who pulled his sword from his back sheath and started to cut her in two from waist to waist, then pulled back. He knew that that the pit demons would tear her to shreds even before she landed at the bottom. 
     Dar Raven made sure he was between her and Apollyon, “There has never been any of us that never thought about returning to heaven. Even you and I after our rebellion sought to go back and were refused. She did not say yes.”
    “You know she will not die. She will find that as soon as she recovers that they will tear her apart again. There is not room for faithlessness,” seethed Apollyon.
     Shadow went to the floor shaking in fear and reached up holding to Dar Raven’s leg for support, “Please do not do this to me. Please.”
     Dar Raven felt a sense of compassion, then stated deliberately, “She is my angel, my cohort, my dark companion, not yours. I take total responsibility for her actions. Do you want to know about the announcements and the Lord of Glory’s intentions or not? If not, then throw both of us into the hell pit and find you someone else to nose around. Of course, you’ll have to train them from scratch, and they may not be smart enough like me and Shadow to run from Aaron like we did. He let me choose, but he wouldn’t do that for any other of us.” Shadow stood up erectly and put her arm around Dar Raven’s waist as support with her face lifted in both agreement and defiance. 
     “Dar Raven, you both are defying me, aren’t you? Where did you two get such a stupid backbone? I rather like your attitude. Okay, you’re right. Aaron will keep running through whoever I send like millwork. All I would get in return are pieces, then have to start over.”
     Dar Raven smiled slightly and looked over at Shadow noticing she was not crying anymore, but her jaws were clenched tight, and he knew that whatever happened they would seek each other out once they were released from the hell pit to stand next to each other again. He felt a deep bond growing. He had never felt that way before. His females were always trash to him for him to abuse and throw away when he was done. He did not feel about Shadow that way, and Shadow knew that. She felt the same connection to Dar Raven. For a dark angel, it was as close to caring that they could ever get; to Apollyon it was a weakness to be burned out, but Dar Raven was right.
     “Return to earth and keep watching,” he shrugged.
     Dar Raven mentioned, “There was a whole row in the back of the church who were a mix of humans and heir servants. I’ll see what’s up with that. They wouldn’t have been there like that if it were not important.”
     Apollyon stated flatly, “You win this time, Dar Raven, Shadow. Your defiance to me won’t make you safe next time.” Apollyon wrapped himself in his fiery winged cloak and dived into his own hell pit to enjoy the suffering he caused.
     When Dar Raven and Shadow reached earth, Shadow turned to Dar Raven, “Thank you for what you did. I don’t believe I could’ve survived the hell pit. It would’ve made me insane. Thank you.” She reached up and kissed his near cheek.
     Dar Raven answered, “I told him the truth. As far as the hell pit, it changed me and made me lose my mind for a long time. Despite the pain and suffering, I rethought a lot about myself. It made me think differently. It made me remember how it was in heaven before our rebellion. I remember how beautiful it was and how much I wanted to go back to no avail. It also taught me how to keep my thoughts private from Apollyon, so I could say what I’m saying to you without him listening. Turn your mind blank and think of something as normal as a glass of water. I’ll teach you how to block his intrusion.”
     Shadow moved even closer to him, then closer, then put her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately, “I hope you teach me more than that.”
     Dar Raven realized what she meant, then answered, “And that too.”
     Suddenly Apollyon intruded while over their defiance now, “I do not think that is the announcement I was looking for. I told you it was too easy. Even if the heir servants invade earth that does not mean the Powers do. Why the United States? I believe there is another announcement coming, but this time it will be the real thing. I just can’t figure it out.”
     “What do you want me to do?’ asked Dar Raven. 
     “If something is really tied to Armageddon, then it’ll come out soon enough. I want to destroy Israel this time in a war but not start Armageddon. If I must be locked in the flaming abyss for a thousand years with no way to get out, no freedom, then I want to take as many Christians with me when I do. You know, like I was saying, it is not the flame of the abyss that bothers me as much as being locked up in it for a thousand years and not being able to walk the earth freely. After all, I live in the fire. It’s my home. You know, I like to get out and have a cold beer occasionally. Well, keep looking for other announcements.”
Church
     Aaron stood without moving where he had confronted Dar Raven as church members gathered around, then looked to see that some of the heir servant angels were gone. It was as if they knew that Shadow was out front waiting on Dar Raven, and they moved so quickly that even Dar Raven was surprised. Dar Raven had made his decision. Aaron expected it, then stood with his arms folded over his chest after putting his massive sword back in place on his back. 
     Aaron spoke to Bull, “Nice move. I don’t believe he was quite expecting that. That was Dar Raven, the Commander of the Dark Angel Legions. Few humans have ever had the opportunity to do that without being killed. No wonder they call you The Bull.”
     Bull smiled grandly at the compliment while parishioners came around slapping on his back and hugging him for his heroic effort. 
     “As Irish told you, you better prepare for an onslaught of those wanting to see the angels. That gives you more people to preach to. Enjoy that. I must return to heaven, but I’ll keep in touch. Don’t worry, we’ll send some angels to visit your church periodically. The heir servants will be coming in waves any moment.”
     Robert and Kalin sat stunned while sitting in their pew just taking it all in. Their angels enjoyed spreading their wings and taking their short flight to the front alter. Their rainbow colors luminated from them in bright sparks of brilliant color. Even when they pulled their wings into themselves, the colors radiated from them. Everything they touched and came close to reflected all their beautiful colors. The girls put their contact lenses back on and went to Robert and Kalin. Robert reached up and pushed at Gabrielle’s eyes watching some of the rainbow colors leaking out from them. He was so caught back and in awe of her. He felt his heart melting in the angelic moment, not wanting ever to leave or be away from her. He was drinking her angelic nature in and felt almost addicted to her presence. He just could not seem to get enough of her. Kalin noticed Robert drooling and poked him in the side.
     “Are you okay, Buddy?” he asked as his own angels came around him, then he felt himself starting to become overcome by their nearness. 
     After even more angels moved out to the front of the church for the Shadow confrontation, Robert turned to Kalin and asked, “What is it that you are supposed to announce?”
     “Oh, I’m to paint and build a large mural describing the destruction of the Dome of the Rock by the Knights Templar. How about you?”
     “Oh, that’s interesting. I’m writing my new book White Wings book about the same thing. After today, I wondered why I called it White Wings. The only ones with White Wings are the big guys.”
     It was then that they realized how important they were to the end-time puzzle. 
     “You have an angel I see who is taking care of you, right?” asked Kalin.
     “Not as many as you seem to have,” answered Robert. “
     “I’m to choose one of them today before flying to Israel to get busy on the mural. I’d like to read that book or yours. I suspect the angels will help that along. Well, maybe I better not read it. I wouldn’t want it to influence my art and what I believe the angels believe are the Lord of Glory influencing me to do.”
     “Actually, I was thinking something very similar. I heard what you said about the Knights Templar. I don’t want to know more about your art. I believe we are on the same track for a reason. It is nice to have our angels, isn’t it?”
     Kalin and Robert were bonding in a way that no one else could. After all, they had angels. Who else around had that? Kalin nodded, then answered softly so he thought Milly would not hear him, “I’m going to pick Milly. She is rather shy and naturally quiet. I like that. You know, she is also hot. I don’t think heaven ever makes anything that isn’t perfect.”
     Even though Milly was still out in front of the church with the remaining angels, she heard his statement and Esther heard it too. Milly blushed and felt a wave of warmth and contentment flood over her. She immediately starting sweating and felt faint. Gabrielle just remained quiet enjoying being near Robert while soaking up more of the Presence of the Lord.  
     Esther noticed Milly’s moment of excitement about being chosen, then fear, and Esther put her arm around her for support. “You’ve been chosen. You should rejoice. You’ll make a great support and help for Kalin.”
     “I’m not afraid of support and help for Kalin. I’m feeling overcome by what else I’m to do for him. I know I don’t have any experience with human love and that kind of stuff.”
     “Oh, that, well you will just have to leave it to nature. I’m sure you’ll do just fine. Just do what feels right for you, and it’ll be okay, I promise,” assured Esther.
     Milly whispered, “Is having sex leaving it to nature?’
    Esther could see that Milly was hyperventilating again and kept her arm around her shoulder as they sat down on the front lawn before going back into the church. 
     “Oh, girl, that is the ultimate example of leaving it to nature. I think that you and Kalin will have a bunch of little Nephilims before it is over!” responded Esther noticing a shocked look on Milly’s face. 
    “Oh, no, not that! I can’t do this! Please, don’t make me do this! I’m not ready!” she replied while burying her face in her hands.      
     Milly was turning and twisting out of her grasp and ready to run across the parking lot. Suddenly, a quiet figure of a man appeared beside the building walking toward the angels. He noticed and understood the problem with Milly. Milly saw Him and sank to her knees. She knew it was Jesus. 
     Other angels going into the church turned and fell to their knees. Bull saw the commotion as did the others in the church. Bull asked, “What’s going on?”
     An angel who knew but had not returned to the front of the church answered simply, “It’s Jesus. He’s going to help Milly. She needs His strength.”
     Kalin overheard it and followed Bull out of the church with the whole congregation. It was like a wave of people falling to their knees once they saw Him. No one expected this. Jesus was here for one reason, Milly. He nodded toward Bull and the congregation, but he was here for her. Milly knew it too. Jesus bent down where she and Esther sat. He put His hand on her face, then put His arms around her and embraced her holding her as she sobbed. Finally, His presence totally calmed her and gave her strength. Kalin watched and took a bold step. He walked slowly toward them, and Jesus motioned him closer. Kalin trembled in the moment, then put his hand out and touched Milly’s shoulder tenderly. 
     “Milly, it’s going to be okay. I promise.”
     Milly looked up at him, then nodded in agreement, “I know that now. My Lord has helped me. I know it. Even about little Nephilims.”
     “Oh, those guys. I promise that we both will be okay including them,” he answered and knelt on his knees, then bowed to the ground to Jesus. 
     Jesus put his hand on Kalin’s head, then Kalin clearly saw the plan, the announcement, the importance of what was coming. Suddenly, Jesus disappeared, but not before Apollyon saw what happened. That was the most disturbing part of all of this for him. He still could not figure it out. He only knew the heir servants were coming, but this was not enough for him. It made him sick to his stomach. He somehow still did not think that Kalin was important. He just saw an angel crowd and an upset angel. He thought how much heir servants were so weak despite being angelic. He turned his back on the whole mess and went to watch the hell fire. 
     All he said, “Weakness, weakness, it makes me sick!”
     Bull raised up from his knees, “Did anyone happen to get a picture of any of this?”
    Out of all his congregation, not a soul thought about taking a picture of Jesus with Milly. Milly chuckled lightly. Kalin thought it was funny too. 
     One of the kids yelled, “I think we were too busy on our knees to take a picture.”
     Bull laughed, “Well said!”
     The same little boy yelled out, “When the angels are gone, can we go eat at Cracker Barrel?”
     Irish turned and laughed, “We’re leaving. You all have a great day. I’m going back to heaven to take a swim by one of the trees of life in heaven with my love, Aaron, the big guy with the sword.”
     All the angels except Milly and Gabrielle disappeared as fast as they had appeared. Milly was helped up by Kalin who gave her a small hug and asked the question, “Can we go get ready for Israel, now?”
    Milly answered, “I think that’s a good idea.”
    Robert came up behind Gabrielle, then put his arm around her waist in a nervous manner. She leaned into him and put her head against his near shoulder. 
     She commented, “This has been a good day, hasn’t it, Robert?”
     “I guess you could say that. I think a good day is having you around more,” he commented and winked at her at the same time.
     Gabrielle turned to him and winked back, “I think you and I will get along just fine. Oh, by the way, those Facebook pictures of me with the other angels are all over the place by now. I guess my class tomorrow will be very interesting to say the least.”
      “At least,” he answered and hugged her again. 
     Both Kalin and Robert waved at Bull before leaving who already knew the plan by now and nodded back to them with a thumbs up sign. 
The Dark Side
     “Emir, have you been in touch with our agents in Iran? Is there anymore word on the time table? We must find agreement. We have left Israel alone long enough. It has to come together for all of us. This must not be another six-day war.
     “I promise that we all will be ready. All of us. There will not be any chance that Israel will survive this time.” 
     Allie asked while staring blankly at the window watching no activity and not a single movement from the dead-man lands. It was almost impossible to imagine so much planned peace before one of the biggest attacks against Israel. There was going to be only one nuclear missile, and it would be enough to destabilize the whole region while barely protecting the Muslim worship sites. 
     “Who is joining us?”
     “Russia and China are joined together to protect our Northern borders. Turkey is joining the main frontal attack with Iraq, Iran, and Syria to take the fight directly with Lebanon and Palestine. No one will be able to defend Israel.”
    “Are the dark ones going to be ready? They are the absolute assurance that this will be successful?” asked Allie. 
     “I’ve met with one of their emissaries. He assured me that there would be millions of his army ready when we need them. I noticed that he does not seem to be as excited about this attack as he might be. It was almost like he wished it did not happen.”
     “Are you saying that they might change their mind?” asked Allie.
     “I’m saying that if he does that we might not want to do this. I’ve no way of controlling him or his forces. His massive army can make the difference. It’s a difficult balance, and I’m just not certain about the dark ones. If they changed their mind, then Russia and China would back out. It would leave us in the same position as the six-day war, and we would be faced with fighting Israel, the United States, and Britain by ourselves. Our brothers in France can take care of things there. We own France. We’ve enough Muslims in France to destroy France from the inside out without much trouble. Our nuclear strike may backfire and cause more countries to join with Israel. Can you imagine if any of them fire back with their own nukes?”
     “You’re scaring me. I thought we had this all figured out. What do you suggest we do now?”
     “I suggest we wait for the signal from the dark ones that the time is right. We can’t do this without them.”
     “I agree. We wait on them.”
     Apollyon communicated with Dar Raven, “The Arab League is getting nervous. You know that if this attack on Israel has any chances of starting Armageddon, then I’m out of there. I don’t need to start something where I know what will happen to us and to me. A good war is fine, but not Armageddon.”
    Dar Raven commented back, “I agree. A war but not Armageddon, right?”
     “Right!” Apollyon exclaimed almost shouting.  
Kalin
     “That was rather exciting. I mean all you angels, then that bad guy. What was his name?” he asked Milly.
     Milly grabbed his hand, then pulled closely to him and whispered, “It’s Dar Raven. I don’t like saying his name. Please don’t ask me to say it again.”
     “Sorry, I guess this day rattled me and excited me and energized me all of above. Shall we just go back to the apartment and pack a little more?”
     “Sure, thanks for picking me. I didn’t expect it. The Lord of Glory helped me accept it. I was scared that I wouldn’t be able to show you the love and affection that you humans require. I know now that it’s okay.”
     “I’m glad. I really felt my choice was as perfect as you were,” he spoke gently to her and moved close while putting his arm around her waist for a side hug. She responded by moving even closer to him. 
     “Just tell me what I need to do to make it all easier for you. Remember, I can call upon thousands of angels if we need them to protect and take care of both of us as we travel to Israel. Are you ready for this adventure?’
     He moved his face close to hers and whispered, “Yes, I am ready for this adventure. With you.”
Bull
     The church exploded with visitors and tourist wanting to see the angels. Bull held tight to his mission to preach the Gospel, and his announcement about the coming angels certainly proved true. The news channels were invading and taking over every inch of his parking lot. Everyone was interviewed, and pictures were going out to every news outlet. There was no lack of angels to be seen. It really was an invasion with millions of angels covering every inch of the United States. At first, it was hard to get used too, then so many angels were in the United States that it was becoming the new normal, not surprising anyone. Heir servant angels were in total invasion mode. The news in every form covered it all letting every other news item take a backseat. This was a God thing, and every church was announcing the return of Jesus.

Part II
The Announcement Parables
     Gabrielle moved quietly around her apartment after spending several hours in prayers and worship. Robert finally woke and came out to silently watch her pacing back and forth like a nervous tiger. She was unaware of his watching her. He was watching her as much for what she was not wearing as for his continued affection to just be near her. She had gone back to jean shorts cut offs that were not meant for anyone to look at but her and the apartment walls around her. Robert felt such an affection for her. It was not enough to call it love, just an incredible fondness that kept making him think how sad it would be not to wake up and see her in the morning. He kept wondering how this was to evolve. Was he just going to be a roomie or was it ever going to be more than that? He wanted more than that now. 
     Gabrielle reached over and picked up his manuscript and placed a quick call to her publishing friends. “Stephen, yes, this is Gabrielle. You guys ready for publishing Robert’s manuscript? Yes, the Lord needs it to reach the United States market in three months, and the international market two weeks later. This means print, distribution, marketing and newsfeeds, lots of them. We want the whole world to be thinking about the Lord’s next step. This is part one of two of His announcements. The mural in Israel will be finished in three months with perfect timing. In the meantime, everyone will be looking at our heir-servant invasion of the United States and not even care about Israel until it is too late. Game over, right? Oh, tell all your staff’s wives that we miss them in heaven.”
    Robert came up behind her while she spoke. “Oh, Robert, you scared me. I didn’t know you were up. Now, Robert, it’s my turn. Get into a pair of pants and not those boxers, okay?”
     “They are just short, not exactly like your short shorts?” he laughed. 
     “Oh, now, you are complaining about too much skin, again,” she commented. 
     He ignored her slight and continued to think what a hypocrite he was. He was talking modesty, but he was really enjoying the scenery a little too much, and she knew it. She repeatedly caught him staring at her when he thought she did not notice.  
     He tried to distract the conversation for now, “What is it about the wives that your friend understands?” 
     Gabrielle changed her clothes with a mind trick back to faded jeans and a half top, then saw Robert frown and give up a little on his fashion sense. She moved quietly out to the balcony as Robert followed her. 
     “The publishing company is run by Christians and angels. Most of the angels are married to the leaders and managers of the publishing company. It’s been that way for over twenty years. They were into us angels before angels became fashionable like now.”
     Robert started thinking too much about their relationship again, then went quiet and Gabrielle noticed. After all, they had been together for two weeks and now there was the ongoing issue of them staying together. 
     “Robert, the Lord asked me to ask you if it is okay for us to be together. This is a lifetime commitment for you and just another assignment for me. Still, I want it to work. We can’t be together if it’s not for sure. Do you understand?”
     “So, it’s only up to me. I think it is up to you. I know what I look like and what a mess I am. What’s a lifetime, anyway? As far as I know, the Lord is returning soon and all that will change, you me, the world, heaven and everyone we really know and the world we know. It’s all going to change. Jesus is coming back. That is what this is all about, right?”
     Gabrielle’s hand went into the air in worship and respect for what he was saying about the return of her Lord. “Yes, you’re right. If you want me to go after your book is published, then I will. I understand. I just felt that we were kind of good together. God’s little writer and his own angel. A great team. I understand. I’ve got to admit that I have never been turned down before. It makes me feel rather sad.”
     “You want me to say yes to a relationship when we act more like business partners than in a real relationship. I’ve not seen a single affectionate move from you that has nothing to do with business. I can get a business manager anywhere, not a pretty as you, but I can get one. So, what kind of relationship do you really have in mind?”
     Gabrielle was shocked. She had been so centered on the book and getting it done that she had left out a very important part of her mission, building that lasting relationship like she had with all her other husbands for thousands of years before. She had missed it.
     Gabrielle approached Robert nervously and held out her hand for him to put his in hers. She had to repair the damage she had done. She had to win him over and make up for her oversight. 
     “I’m sorry,” she said, then picked up his hand and kissed it tenderly. “I’ve not been there like I have for others. I guess I’m out of practice. I’ve been at Vanderbilt too long. Will you give me another chance before you decide about this? Please, will you let me be more than a business partner, please?” Tears ran down her face, and she went to her knees while resting her face against his knee. It shocked Robert so much that he stumbled backward almost too close to the balcony guard rail.
     “Of course, but why don’t you just start spending time with me doing normal things that do not have to do anything to do with the book. Take more walks with me. Eat breakfast with me. Watch TV and go to the movies with me. Let me rub your feet while we hang out together. Just tell me things about you, and I will tell you things about me. Finally, I’m not asking for sex, but there are a lot of human close habits of hugs and kisses that are not like hugging or kissing your grandmother that will go a long way.”
     “You aren’t asking for sex. That’s a disappointment. Of course, we abide by human rules, which means a relationship first. Marriage is a human rule, not an angelic one. You know with angels it is different than with you humans, but like I said, I’m always obedient, so I will agree, no sex.”
     “Wait, wait, just a minute. I didn’t know that. Okay, we’ll talk about that more later, okay?” he stated getting rather animated now and thinking about the possibilities. 
     Gabrielle laughed at his response, then moved into the apartment and swayed her hips at him while kicking off her shoes, then went to turn the TV on while flopping down on the couch and pointing for him to join her. 
     “You mentioned rubbing my feet, but I’d wouldn’t mind a back and shoulder rub while you are at it along with the toes. Come on, Big Guy, let’s work on this relationship a little” she taunted while winking at him seductively. 
     Robert fell over himself to get to the couch, then she pushed her feet into his lap and tried to help him by spreading her toes for the rub. He was already becoming overwhelmed by it all but enjoying just the same. 
Trying to Figure It Out
     Apollyon commented from his view, “I still can’t believe the angelic activity in the United States. This doesn’t make sense. They’ve millions of angels descending on every corner of their continent. What is the plan? There is no plan. It’s just a lot of angels. Of course, they are proclaiming salvation about Jesus and Him coming back, but is that it? That’s the way it’s always been. They have left the rest of the world out of it. That doesn’t make sense. I mean, there is Israel, nothing! There is the Arab League, something, but it is always been something! Same old crap! Attack Israel and take back Jerusalem. Okay, same O same O.”
     Dar Raven was sitting in a dark chamber with Apollyon without hardly enough light to see by. It is the way Apollyon wanted it. He hated the light. He wanted to be covered with the dark, enclosed with the dark, avoiding everything that had to do with light. 
     Dar Raven hesitantly offered a solution, “Maybe, we need to send our angels in mass to offset theirs. After all, millions are turning to their Lord because of those angels.”
     “There would be a human war with that. They would politicize this mess and come against us. We need to leave them alone and watch to whether they are doing something in Israel. Is there anything at all going on there?”
     “Maybe, just a little. There is this artist from the church who is doing a mural for a museum in Jerusalem. He is traveling with an heir servant called Milly. She is rather new to the human experience we understand. Maybe just company. There is so much angelic company around now-a-days, nothing is unusual anymore.”
     “Well, keep watch. This supposed announcement at the church is not it. There has to be something else.”
     “They wouldn’t send an inexperienced angel just for a single announcement if the announcement were important. That wouldn’t make sense.”
     “If Aaron were near to protect her mission, it would make sense, right?” answered Dar Raven watching Apollyon snarl and nod “yes” at the same time. “But don’t forget, where Irish is so is Aaron. Irish was at the church, nothing more nothing less.”
Gabrielle in Class
     “Dean, have you seen the news yet?” asked his secretary.
     “What are you talking about?” he answered, not even looking up from an article he was reading, then stopped and looked over his glasses that were slid slightly down his nose. 
      “Looks like to me that one of your professors is in the news. It looks like she is an angel. Gabrielle!!”
     “You have to be kidding!” The dean looked at the news feed and just about fell out of his chair. He knew she was an angel from way back, but to have her exposed this way was way too much. 
     “What shall we do!” asked his secretary. 
     “Well, I guess there is no problem with being an angel as they fulfill their duties in teaching, right?” he commented and went back to reading his newspaper.
     “You’ve got to be kidding me!” she answered in shock. Suddenly, she knew he knew. “You knew she was an angel, didn’t you?” she shouted. 
     “Well, a little, a lot, well, I guess,” he answered to her stunned look. “Let’s just wait and see how it works out. Is there any other news about angels?” he asked sheepishly. 
     “Yes, there is! Thousands of angels are showing up all over the place.” 
     “What do you mean angels are showing up all over the place?”
     “Look at the news, there on the TV. See them on the street corners, flying and falling from the sky, thousands of them. People are scared to death. Look at the news!”
     “What do you want me to do about it? I knew one angel in my life, and you’re making up a conspiracy story about how I should’ve told someone.”
     “Dean, you didn’t tell because you’ve the hots for her and always have. You gave in to your lower instincts, and that is what kept Gabrielle safe all these years. You were hoping that sometime, someday that you would be a couple. In your dreams, Dean!”
     “You are being rude. I just like her. What’s wrong with that? Maybe no one noticed her in those Facebook posts. I’m not going to say a thing unless she does. I don’t care what you think!”
Going to Class
     Gabrielle took Robert by the hand while walking toward her class. She wondered how long it would take before someone noticed that she was in the sanctuary with her wings spread. She wondered what the best way to handle class would be today. She knew that the school would be fluttering and chatting about the angels. She chuckled that she just might show her class exactly what an angel looked like today. She imagined just how surprised they might be.  
     Robert enjoyed the casual stroll to the Vanderbilt Campus. He enjoyed even more who he was with. Gabrielle was getting under his skin in a way that was far beyond what he expected. The original resistance he felt was melting away. As he walked with her, he kept looking at her with side glances. 
     Gabrielle asked him, “You like looking at me, don’t you?”
     Robert answered laughing, “What’s not to like?”
     “I like that. A man with good taste. I like that,” she whispered softly. 
     “Okay, I’ve walked you to the campus and not a single person came up and pointed their finger at you as being one of the angels in the Facebook clips.” 
     “Oh, thanks. Well, it won’t take that long to figure out. The professor with wings, right?” she commented depressingly. 
     “You’re actually a little upset about having to disclose this, aren’t you?” he mentioned poking at her with his fingers in her ribs and watching her trying to slap him away but missing. 
     “You guessed that right. I’m always obedient to the Lord, but I guess I’ve become very comfortable. It seems like I’ve been living a lie. I know, it’s part of my job, but I still feel uncomfortable. It’s been a long ride in the quiet zone for me.”
     “What are you going to do in class, today?” asked Robert. 
     “I’ve got a plan. It actually should be fun. I’m expecting the Dean to have a heart attack. After all, he’s the only person here at Vanderbilt who knew who or what I really was.”
     “The Dean, you have to be kidding me! Why didn’t he ever tell anybody?”
     “Oh, that. He has a crush on me. Well, he has good taste too.”
     “Okay, well I get to live with you, and he doesn’t. His loss. I kind of like it like that.”
     “So, you are thinking more long term now, right?”
     “Why not. I think it’s been the best deal I’ve had in my life, considering.”
     “Good for you, Robert. Good for you,” she answered while pushing up close to him and kissing him gently on the cheek. It was an everything-is-okay kiss.
     Gabrielle moved quietly through the classroom halls and noticed that not a single person seemed to know about her angelic nature. Suddenly, the dean’s secretary came from the dean’s office just as Gabrielle walked by. 
     “You’re going to class?” Miss Mandy asked sarcastically.
     “Why not?” answered Gabrielle knowing why she asked. 
     “Well, how will your class act knowing you’re an angel?” she said, not so quietly and several students look back very mystified about their conversation. They just thought “angel” was a complimentary word for being so beautiful.
     Gabrielle pushed her aside in a surprised move that showed just how much strength an angel had with little effort. Miss Mandy fell back against one of the hall lockers. 
     Gabrielle grabbed her and pulled her close, then whispered, “You obviously don’t know much about angels. I’ve lived thousands of years, and my strength and abilities are hundreds of times greater than you can ever imagine. If you don’t mind, I’ve a class to teach; and if you do mind, be warned, I’ve thousands of angelic friends who will be more than happy to show you just how dangerous we can be if we are cornered. Do you understand?”
     Miss Mandy shook all over at Gabrielle’s actions and realized she had bit off far more than she could chew. She reluctantly nodded she understood, then promised herself to get as far away from Gabrielle as possible. She also realized that the dean was right for keeping this quiet. The world was not ready for angels back then as they are now. 
     Miss Mandy was always comfortable around the dean for his atheist stand. It matched hers. She realized with so many angels that she had been as wrong as he was. Earth was not comfortable anymore. Everywhere she turned she saw angels and was reminded just how wrong she had been. She hated the angels for this. It was all wrong to her. Her world was turned upside down.  
     Gabrielle walked into class, but she looked so different. She had always been dressed in conservatively long dresses and modestly carried herself that way. She was not now, in fact, she wore the same clothes that she wore around the apartment: blue jeans with holes in her knees, then a short tank top exposing her long-muscled stomach down to her hip bones. She did not seem to care anymore what the students are anyone else thought. Her angels were here. This was their world now. The United States was deliberately in the hands of the heavenlies whether anyone wanted to admit it or not. 
     As her students came in, they were so shocked. The girls came up and congratulated her and remarked how hot she was. One special student, Cathy, was talking to her, then suddenly saw something that caught her eye.
     “Professor Gabrielle, do you have a hickie on your neck?” she asked. 
     Just before leaving the apartment, Gabrielle asked Robert, “I want you kiss me like you mean it. I want everyone to know that I’m not just some prudish angel who can’t attract a man. I also want you to give me a big hickie on my neck. I want to advertise that I have a relationship whether we really do or not, yet. It’s just a prideful thing of mine. Humor me,” she begged. She continued, “The kiss is for you, and the hickie is for me.”
     Robert was caught back. He approached her and nodded, “Okay.” 
     Gabrielle initiated it by grabbing his face and pushing hers into his with a wide kiss. She circled his shoulders and neck with her arms and pushed herself close to his almost too close for him. It surprised and made him feel good at the same time. She moved his hands down to her neck and pressed into it while whispering, “Hickie.”
     He obliged, then pulled back to look at his artwork. He was amazed at his talent. He laughed at his thought that he ought to go in the hikie business.
     “Okay, the kissing was good. Not bad. You just need more practice, that’s all. You want to walk me down to Vanderbilt for my class?”
     “You aren’t going to change?” he asked looking at what she was wearing. 
     “No, I’m not hiding myself anymore. There is no reason. I’m sure someone will have noticed my picture at the church, then our angels are all really moving into every rock and crevice in the United States. I bet there are more angels per square foot in the US than humans now. I’m not hiding. Not hiding anything anymore including my assets if you know what I mean.”
     He looked her up and down, then said, “Yes, I know exactly what you mean.”
     Little Cathy exclaimed again, “The professor has a hickie! She’s got her a man!” 
     Cathy turned and whispered, “It is a man, right?”
     “Cathy, heir servant angels always stay with men. It is the way that heaven is built.”
     Cathy exclaimed, “What in the world are you talking about?”
     Just then, the class came forward to look at her hickie, but the guys were eye balling the way she looked and how she dressed. 
     Gabrielle turned to the chalkboard and wrote, “I’m Gabrielle. I’ve been alive for thousands of years. I was even alive and married to a Roman Centurion during the time of Christ my Lord.”
     Some of the students pulled back from the front of the classroom, not knowing whether she was joking or not. Gabrielle raised her arms to the sky, then spread her rainbow wings out for a full spread. Students fell back stumbling over chairs and desks. 
     Gabrielle shouted, “Praise to my Lord and King!” She turned and shouted, “Come join me family of angels!”
     There were over a hundred angels appearing in the classroom with their wings extended leaving little room to move. The students were scooting out towards the door trying to avoid touching them, then ran down the halls to get away from class. 
     Several of the students stayed; little Cathy was one of them. She commented apologetically, “I’m sorry for my friends. We all have been angel-scared lately. We’ve been avoiding them when possible, but there are so many of them that it is difficult to do. I’m a Christian and love heaven being so close to us like this.”
     Among the forty students who were in class only ten students remained. Those who remained agreed with Cathy.
     Gabrielle announced, “Angels leave.”
     Suddenly, the angels did not just disappear, but they walked out of the classroom door one by one with their wings still extended and some wrapped their rainbow wings around them like a large cloak that covered them to the floor. As they walked down the hall, Miss Mandy came out with the dean behind her trying to get to the classroom where other students excitedly exclaimed about the angelic activity. The dean and Miss Mandy pushed themselves against the hall walls to prevent the angel wings from touching them, then in a minute of reluctance changed their minds. Miss Mandy was especially scared to interfere. She ran back into the dean’s office and closed the door remembering Gabrielle’s threat. 
     The dean ran after her, then banged on the door of his office, “What is wrong with you?”
     “That angel and her friends are your problem not mind. I’m not getting involved. Handle it yourself!”
     The dean shrugged, then made his way to Gabrielle’s classroom. When he opened the door to the classroom, “Hey, guys.” 
     Gabrielle had the chairs arranged in a circle with her ten students carrying on an open discussion about their history assignment. 
     Cathy spoke first, “Oh hello, Dean. You want to sit in on our history assignment? I was just getting ready to talk about the Aristotle age and its influence on modern theories and metaphysics.”
     The dean did not say a word. He did slight smile and winked at Gabrielle, then said, “Nice threads. I like that.”
     Cathy interacted again, “What’s not to like, Dean? She is hot. Don’t you know!”
     The dean laughed, “I’ve known that for over 20 years. Well, I’m going back to my office for a little while. It seems that Little Mandy is upset about too much angel stuff lately. That sounds so funny, doesn’t it? I’ll take care of that. Have a nice class, guys”
     Gabrielle laughed and winked back, then mouthed, “Thank you.”
     Somehow, the dean still felt that he still had a chance with Gabrielle. It was hard to accept that he would not, but he kept hoping. As he walked into his office, he spotted Miss Mandy curled up into a fetal position under her desk while crying and whimpering.
     “Miss Mandy, get up and go home. You must forget about the angels and Gabrielle. There is nothing you can do about either one. You’re on the losing side if you think about it. Maybe, you need to do what I’ve done for years and admit you are wrong about God, heaven, then, of course angels.”
     Miss Mandy got up, then stomped her feet as if she was killing ants, “I hate God for this! I hate heaven for this! I hate angels for this! I hate you for not telling me! I hate being wrong for so long! I could have changed my mind and ways and done so many things differently! I’m a loser! I hate this!” She stormed out of the office in a rage. 
     The dean felt sorry for her and really agreed to what she was saying about wasting so much time denying God and Godly things. She made the wrong decisions. It was his fault for not telling her about angels and God sooner. She was right. He would just have to live with that.           
Jerusalem
     Kalin and Milly made their way through the Jerusalem airport. Just as they picked up their luggage, there were several gentlemen waiting for them and one lady. Milly immediately knew that the lady was an heir servant while the men were human. The men were dressed so exquisitely. It was as if they just walked out of a high-powered executive business meeting. Kalin noticed their professional looking signs, “Welcome, Kalin from America.”
     The greeting was so cordial, and each nodded at each other in the knowledge that they were ready. Kalin and Milly were escorted to a limousine and made their way to the Jerusalem Hyatt. No one said a word, not a word. 
     Finally, Milly asked, “Where is the place where Kalin can start his work? It is important that he start as soon as possible.”
     “I am sorry, but who are you? I know that you are with Kalin, but I didn’t see you listed as someone we were to assist?”
      Milly announced proudly, “I’m Kalin’s wife.”
     “This must have just happened, right?” asked Elizabeth sensing their marriage was specifically arranged for this trip. The Lord spoke to Elizabeth to confirm that fact. 
     Just before Kalin left, Milly was getting ready too, then Kalin turned to her and stated, “You can’t go as my guest, but you can go as my wife. If you are going to stay with me any length of time, you must be married to me. Got any ideas?”
     Milly was just getting used to her possible future, but marriage was more permanent than she expected this soon. “I didn’t think about that. I guess we’ll have to just get married. That’s quite an antiquated rule for angels, but quite a popular rule for humans, don’t you think?” she responded. 
     Kalin commented, “Well, it is just that it is Jerusalem, and Jewish laws rule. Marriage is not antiquated there. It is required. I read the contract. There are old-school ways about marriage in the Christian community that I favor, too. You should know that. You’re an angel.”
     “Yes, but it is different with us. We’re angels. We don’t live by the same rules as humans, but we’re willing to abide by them when required. We’re created not born. We’re naturally righteous, humans are not. We don’t need to be saved, you do. We are immortal, you aren’t. We recognize the rules about humans including marriage, but that doesn’t apply to us. It is more based on relationships with us. Don’t get me wrong, we’re always faithful to our men, but we’re like alien beings from another world. Think about that for a minute.”
     Kalin was listening, then when it came to her marriage and relationship comment, he was shocked. After all, how could such different rules apply to humans and angels. 
     He finally stated trying to avoid making judgements, “Marriage it is, girl. I’m game!”
     “I could just appear in Jerusalem, but I bet they wouldn’t let me help you, right?” she asked knowing he wanted to ask that question just a little. 
     “I was thinking about that; but you’re right, they wouldn’t let you into my workshop. They want what I’m doing to be a secret for some reason. They wouldn’t let you help.”
     He picked up his phone suddenly to solve this, “Bull, this is Kalin. One of those angels was with me, Milly. I need your help. We need to be married before heading to Jerusalem. You have a couple of minutes?”
     Bull was not surprised at the official stance of the Jerusalem group and felt honored about doing the ceremony, then answered rather excitedly, “Sure, come on down!” 
     “What about the blood test?” asked Kalin. “Bull, she wouldn’t pass. Her blood is more bluish and mixed with all sorts of rainbow colors like chips of light. That’s what she told me. Can you do the ceremony and just give us proof, so we don’t lie when we say we are married?”
     “Yes, I understand the blood test problem. The State of Tennessee has just issued special permission rules for marriage between humans and angels. No blood tests. It started about three days ago.”     
     Bull continued, “You know, you’re only the tenth couple between humans and angels to request this in the last couple of days. It looks like all the angels have been busy building those relationships. It’s become quite the thing now-a-days. Come to the church in the next 20 minutes, and we’ll take care of it.”
     “Thanks,” replied Kalin while Milly did a thumbs up. 
The Arrival
     “Yes, since you two are married, then we accept the company. I especially believe that it couldn’t hurt. Anything to improve the schedule,” the older executive commented and shook Kalin’s hand in confirmation. 
     Elizabeth and Milly did a quick wink at each other, then they were escorted to view the shop where they would work with a special suite above it that even made the Hyatt look shabby. The suite had a private bedroom while the whole array of the suite looked over the shop and could take in everything that was going on in an instant. Milly felt excited and scared at the same time. This was it. She was here with Kalin, and it was all about relationships, which she had no idea how those things work to begin with. She was given some information, but it all did not make much sense right now. She was to be natural and loving but really did not know how. 
     Kalin commented, “This is great. Can we stay here tonight and skip the Hyatt?” 
     Elizabeth stepped forward in an okay nod, “Yes, that’s why we brought you here first. We figured that you might like it better. After all, it gives you work and privacy. Shall I tell the committee that it is okay? Just confirming?”
     “Yes, yes, yes, this is perfect. I need to make sure everything is unpacked for work by the morning. I have my plans, and I need to accept final project profile to move quickly. You won’t be disappointed.”
     Elizabeth noted, “I’m sure we won’t be. I’m sure. Take care of him, Milly. Oh, is this your honeymoon?”
     Milly stuttered, “Honeymoon?”
     “You know where you guys get really acquainted in a Biblical way. Just messing with you. You guys enjoy,” she laughed at the shocked look on Milly’s face and knew she did not have a clue. 
     Milly trembled at what she thought Elizabeth meant. Honeymoon. She was not ready. She just was not ready for this. Suddenly, she became more excited about the mission and forgot about the honeymoon dilemma. 
After Class
     “Well, how did it go?” asked Robert.
     “I guess as well as expected. I lost most my class, and Miss Mandy, the dean’s secretary, got pretty wrecked about it all, but all in all; it was manageable.”
     “Do you think Miss Mandy will cause you any problems?” he asked just trying to figure out what really happened.
     “Not likely, I threatened to sic heaven on her if she messed with me,” she laughed, then felt a little down about doing that. 
     “Oh, well, remind me not to get you pissed off at me,” he laughed and gave her a light hug. 
     “Shall we talk awhile, Robert?” she asked feeling they had to sort things out.
     “Okay, feet rub and talk, right?” he answered feeling a little trepidation about it all. 
     They settled in to the large couch while Gabrielle slipped off her shoes and placed her feet in his lap. She was starting to understand why humans liked this so much. 
     “Okay, so what do we talk about?” he asked while carefully squeezing on each toe and the arch of her feet. 
     “I’ve accepted the mission to be with you if you want. I want you to know that. I don’t care about teaching. I only care about being on this mission doing what the Lord wants. I care for you. I’ve actually gotten used to you too. You’ve a lot more to give in your writing than what you have given already. In the morning, we go to the publishers and start the publishing process. It’s all in the timing, now.”
     “You are beautiful. I’d be crazy on a carnal level to ignore your offer. I want a person I can just hang with and live day by day without having to be anyone except who I am, the writer.”
     “Okay, well, I want to make you happy. I’ll rub your feet if it will make your happy.”
     “No, don’t like that, but a gentle kiss and a hug goes a long way.”
     “I’ve been known to do that before,” she laughed. 
     “Tell, me, what was it like with those other husbands that you had?” 
     He could tell by the way her mouth twitched that question hit home. A tear fell from one eye, and she pushed it away and pulled her eyes away from him.
     “All of my husbands were loving and nurturing. So many children, but I loved them all. I loved every one of them. I cared for them so much. I also buried all my husbands, every single one, including my children.” 
     “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” he replied feeling bad for her obvious pain.
     Suddenly, it all came out; it had been years since she had thought about her families and children. She began sobbing and buried her face into the couch cushion. When he reached over to pat her shoulder, she pushed it away. It all came pouring out. All the pain, all the love she felt for them. She missed them all. She felt her heart breaking and crushing her at the same time. She knew them in heaven, but that was different. She wanted to see them have children and be with them when they were hurting and there when they were sick and there when they needed a shoulder to cry on. She missed all those human things that make humans so human. Heaven was an escape, and they were happy, but it was different. There were no challenges, no goals to reach for and attain. It was too easy. She would rather have it the other way. Those types of things that gave humans pride for supporting each other and helping others who needed more help and support like doctors, nurses, ministers, and even caregivers. Robert could not console her, and she could not stop crying. 
     There was a knock on the door, but before Gabrielle and Robert could even think about getting up to answer it, Jesus walked through it and came over to where they were sitting. Robert put his arm over his face and tried to avoid looking at him, but he knew it was Him. He was not in a long white robe like many see Him, but He wore a pair of blue jeans and a t-shirt with a cross on the front with white new balance sneakers without socks. 
     “My Lord!” exclaimed Gabrielle. 
     “My precious child,” he answered as He reached out and stroked her hair and softly put His hands on her face wiping away the tears. “I know the pain you are feeling. I understand. You’ve been brave for honoring Me with those you have served. I wipe away that pain now. I should have done this long ago when your last child died. I know you’ve been with them in heaven, but that pain of losing them is still there. I’m at fault and seek your forgiveness for not paying attention to you more. I love you and ask you to forgive me.”
     Gabrielle reached out and embraced Him holding Him tight and sobbing but feeling the pain washing away. Robert put his face in his hands and wept too. He was overwhelmed with Jesus’ presence and sharing this moment. 
     Jesus turned to Robert and said plainly, “I design my angels and match them with humans. I never miss. I want you both to reconsider your relationship. I am returning soon. Time is short. I ask you to try again to be a couple for the righteousness of my Father.”
     Robert continued to feel overwhelmed by all of this, then realized that he was being selfish and acting like he was choosing a new car when he was choosing things for eternity. It was greater than him and her; it was all about heaven and the end of times with everything that goes with it. He felt the weight of his own selfishness covering him like black soot. 
     “My Lord and Master, please forgive me for my selfishness. I surrender to Your will. I accept and will be obedient to Your words.”
     Gabrielle felt the release in her spirit and watched as Jesus walked back through the front door. Both Gabrielle and Robert sat up and held each other until both stopped their crying. 
     Robert was first to say it, “I accept you as my heavenly partner for the end of my life no matter how long that will be.”
      Gabrielle responded, “I accept you as my heavenly partner as long as you are able to breathe my name.”
Dar Raven
     “We’ve not seen any activity other than all those angels preaching on each street corner, nothing,” stated Dar Raven.
     “This invasion of heir servants in the United States is just a distraction. I know it is!” answered Apollyon. 
     “We’re watching everything. We spotted that same angel Milly in Jerusalem with that artist like I mentioned before. It’s just nothing, absolutely nothing! It must be bigger than that. We haven’t seen a thing!”
     Apollyon screamed, “Look closer. There must be something else we’ve missed. Find it, or I will throw you back into the hell fire!”
Bull
    “Okay, guys, well you are about the 11th couple between angels and humans I’ve married in the last week.”
     “Yes, I guess this is all part of the new normal, right?” laughed Gabrielle. 
     Robert smiled and nodded and asked, “Is it any different with us than humans?”
     Bull smiled, “Yes, no blood test like I said. Angels like Gabrielle as you stated have rainbow-colored blood. The laws have already changed to handle this. In the mean time, before God and Country, you are both married, and I’ll produce the marriage certificate to prove it.”
     “Marriage, you know, angels don’t need to have marriage like humans do, but I understand the attraction. I accept either way. Marriage it is, and it shall be,” commented Gabrielle, then hugged Bull and Robert. 
     As Gabrielle and Robert drove home, Gabrielle asked, “Do you feel better now that it is all legal according to your human terms?”
     Robert was surprised at the sarcasm, “You seem upset that I wanted to do that. You’ve been around us for thousands; you shouldn’t have been.”
     “I’m not surprised, I guess, but I didn’t make your human rules, and we don’t have any, at least not many. We’re just not as squiggly wiggly about things like that as you humans seem to be. Sorry for my attitude. I agreed to spend the rest of your life with you, but your little rules caught me off guard.” 
     “Yes, but reluctantly, I might add,” he answered. 
     “You know better than that. You know how much I wanted to fulfill the Lord’s wishes. It’s just the marriage rules that I don’t understand many times. See, we are still working on our relationship skills a little, right?” she answered and patted his near arm.
     “I guess that part will never stop, hopefully. I want you to fulfill your mission for the Lord as I do. I want to have the Lord of Glory proud of us both. I’m unsure about having all those little angels you talked about.”
     “Oh, with us, that is easy. We pop them out like baking cookies, then I get a ton of other heir servants to help us care for them. Built- in baby sitters and nannies straight from heaven.”
     “I see, well that’s convenient,” he laughed. 
     “Yes, like cookies, and very convenient,” she laughed back. 
     “Well, you know what all those cookies mean, right?” he asked and winked at the same time.
     “Well, I guess you’ll have to trust me that I’m a great baker, right?”
     “I guess I will, Mrs. Gabrielle,” he laughed, and Gabrielle punched him in his shoulder. 
     “That you will, Mr. Robert,” she spouted back smiling. 
Kalin
     “Good morning, princess. You’ve been up all night. I thought I left you praying last night in that same place just sitting in that old recliner. Here you are again, same place, ten hours later.”
     “It is my duty and what I’m designed to do. I worship. We don’t sleep; we don’t eat; we don’t drink; we’re everything alien that you can imagine we are. We love the Lord and worship Him for His glory. Being with you serves Him in that way. Just don’t expect me to stop being an angel, and I won’t expect you to stop being a human.” She almost seemed condescending. 
     “I’m sorry, Milly. Did I miss something? I thought you and I are like a team. You hold down the God side of things while I hold down the art side of things and build something that God wants built.”
     “Yes, you have summarized that very well. We also become good friends, and you teach me how to interact with humans while I teach you how to interact with angels.”
     “Okay, so the fact that you are my supposed wife is not important anymore?” he asked being slightly mystified by the conversation. 
     “Yes, it is part of the mission, but we’ll take what you humans call baby steps in our relationship. You’ll teach me how to nurture you and care for you like humans want while I will teach you how to respect who I am like my praying and worshipping the Lord while you sleep. I guess that is just a good example.”
     Kalin laughed, then nodded in agreement, “Well, I guess jumping into bed with my new wife is not exactly on the priority list right now. I’m good with that. My new best friend, right?”
     Milly laughed, “That was funny, but we have an understanding, don’t we?’ 
     “I guess so, so let’s start art today and get to the real business of why we are both here,” Kalin replied and did a military salute to her, and she recognized it and saluted back.
     Kalin turned back to her as he went down into his workshop and commented, “You are one different angel, Girl.”
     “I appreciate that you didn’t say ‘one crazy angel.’”
     “Came close,” he laughed. 
     Kalin made it down to the shop while twenty helpers were standing almost at attention to his appearance. He noticed that almost all the helpers where female except two very large individuals that stood over 6.5 and looked like CWA wrestlers. It was Elizabeth who stood with all of them that nodded to him. 
     Elizabeth commented, “I hope you approve of my staff. I’ve handpicked each-and-everyone. I hope you don’t mind a few Powers being involved in our project,” she mentioned while pointing to the two large men standing with their arms folded over their massive chests. 
     Kalin chuckled, “I thought Powers had large swords.”
     Elizabeth turned to the two and commanded, “Show him your swords, Guys.”
     The two Powers stepped forward, and their sword handles appeared stuck high above their backs, then they reached up and pulled them from their sheaths. 
     One of the Powers stated bluntly, “Not as large as Aaron’s, but still large enough to do the job,” as they swung their swords in battle stance, then put them back while the swords disappeared as they never were there. 
     One of the Powers stated, “We’ll provide the heavy lifting as you need it, Kalin.”
     Kalin laughed at the idea of so many angels. It made sense. He figured that they were all angels by this time as well as the Powers. It just made so much sense. He had his blueprints tucked under his arm and made his way to a large conference-style table that showed all the width and breadth of the project. 
     Milly walked up to them, amazed at the waiting crew. Kalin walked up to a large Power, named Jeremiah, “I’m Kalin. It’s great to have you on our team. You know what we are doing has eternal consequences, right?”
     The crew nodded in agreement. Kalin looked back at Milly standing slightly behind him, then she took his hand and stepped up next to him and put her arm around his waist. She knew he really understood the importance of it all. He really did. 
     Jeremiah reached over toward Kalin and did a big bear hug almost knocking Milly over from his size and girth. He pulled Kalin up on his tiptoes and was laughing as he shook him, “It is wonderful that we do the work of the Lord!”
     The whole team shouted together, “Praise to our Lord and King!”
Publishing Day
     Gabrielle nudged Robert awake after just getting up from her morning prayers. “Robert, we need to get ready for our meeting at the publishers. I perked some coffee for you and have your favorite cup ready. I’ll be waiting.”
     “Hey, wasn’t last night to be our honeymoon?” he asked winking at her. 
     “Now, now, Big Guy. You seem to have a one-track mind. You just pull back on those thoughts, and I’ll make up for that later, trust me. I guarantee, I’ve had more practice with that than you do.”
     “Oh, great, so I’m in competition, now,” he commented. 
     “Oh, dear, there is no competition against an angel like me with thousands of years of practice. After all, practice makes perfect, right? I guess you’re going to find out. Think about that, Big Guy, and stop drooling when you do,” she laughed again walking away while swinging her hips in an exaggerated move that was a definite sexual tease. Robert instinctively wiped around his mouth and at the instant sweat on his brow, then laughed.
     After getting ready, he walked out and found Gabrielle sitting at the kitchen counter tapping her fingers on the counter in an, “I’m-waiting” drum beat while shaking her head noting she was not too impressed with his promptness.
    Robert went to get his coffee and took a sip, “It’s cold.”
     “Well, it wasn’t about 30 minutes ago,” she replied sarcastically. 
     “Okay, but some things take time. You wanted me to look pretty, right?” he commented 
     “No, I just need to stay on track, and you are making us late, Bubba.”
    “Oh, Bubba, you have been in the South way too long, Girl. Come on, I’m ready. You have everything?”
    “Oh, I sent your file over to them already. That’s what the Internet is for. We just need you to play a little politics and make some decisions on cover art, which they probably won’t listen too, but we will do it anyway.”
     “They won’t? That’s not fair,” he replied slightly disappointedly.
     “Oh, don’t worry about it. Your text is yours. There is more to publishing than you will ever think,” she comforted. 
     “Okay, let’s go, Sweet Pea,” he ordered casually.
     “You better watch it. Sweet Pea might not be as sweet as she could be if you get too sassy!”
     “Oh, I got that, Princess,” then winked at her. They both laughed and poked at each other’s ribs as they left.
Game Masters
     “Caluis, how are the games coming?” asked Antonio. 
     “I still cannot believe we are sponsoring a medieval knight tournament in Jerusalem. Shouldn’t we let England or France do this?”
     Antonio answered sarcastically, “It is our time to show the world that Jerusalem is the center of it. We were the center of it in the middle ages, and we are now. A hastilude is the way to demonstrate our vital importance to the world.”
     “Okay, the games are coming around fine. We have the entrance of a troupe of players to represent all phases of the games and the Knights Templar are coming over from a monastery. Isn’t that fun. They are going to dress up like those famous knights with their white horses and all that stuff. It’s great! It will be more famous than the Copiegne where Ressons-sur-Matz and Gournay-sur-Aronde battle.”


Milly
     Milly came out of the bathroom with a long flannel gown that dragged the floor, and she had it buttoned up to the top button for safety.
     Kalin chucked slightly, then saw Milly frown knowing it was about her, “Okay, what was that laugh about?”
     “Oh, nothing, I guess you gave me an instant image of Home on the Prairie back in the day with Grandma getting ready to go to bed with Grandpa.” 
     “I don’t get it. I never wore something like this in my life. It was suggested to keep warm. I did a Google search for warm things to wear to bed. Stop making fun of me,” she sassed back, and Kalin laughed again, then patted the bed beside him for her to join him.
     “I see, yes warm, but not hot,” he laughed again.
     “Oh, hot, like sex, right?
     “Of course, sex. Haven’t you ever had sex before,” 
     Milly bowed her head and looked at the floor, “No, I told you to take it easy on me and let me come around in my own time. You’re pushing me.”
     “I’m not pushing anyone, especially when you are covered with your flannel armor.”
     “Stop that. You’re embarrassing me. You actually want me to go to bed without any clothes on at all?” 
     “That would be nice, actually, but you know, in your own time.”
     Milly got so frustrated then she reached down and pulled her gown up and over her head and stood for a second while Kalin gasped. 
     “So, there, I’m naked, are you satisfied?” she sassed again, then laid down beside him while pulling a sheet around her for supposed warmth, but it was really a frail attempt of protection from Kalin. 
     “Oh, my Lord, yes! Now, that is what I’m talking about!” he exclaimed and turned off the bed stand light. Kalin did not know she had not learned to sleep very much, and she wondered if she could. She felt his hand reaching over and putting his arm around her waist, then pulling her close to him. She patted his hand as it moved over her waist again and playfully circled her belly button. She closed her eyes and waited for something else without knowing whether she would know what to do.  
     “Your seducing me, aren’t you?” she commented.
     “Yes, how did you know?” he answered.
     “Okay, it’s working. Now, go to sleep, and I’ll see you in the morning. I told you, baby steps.”
The Knights
     “How many times have I ever told you to take that old horse of yours on a morning run before feeding him,” commented Brother Lawrence. “It makes him too frisky, and we need them calm when we load them on the plane.”
    “Okay, why, don’t you stop talking about it. Brother Gabriel said we could pray over them to be calm, and that should work just fine,” commented Brother Abbey.
     “Brother Abbey, Brother Gabriel doesn’t know anything about horses. In fact, he road a burrow most of the time we were in Jerusalem because he just was our water boy.”
     “That’s very rude of you. He is a sweet old man like the rest of us. It was his burrow he gave to Jesus to ride. He stopped being the water boy that day, and you all gave him his stallion. You should honor him more,” Brother Abbey pointed out. 
     “Hey, guys, what’s up? Is Brother Lawrence still trying to get you to take your stallion on a morning run. And when you told him about my prayer solution, then he told you about me being the water boy,” laughed Brother Gabriel. 
     “Okay, okay, we will pray over them. Yes, you stopped being the water boy the day you gave your burrow to Jesus and have been one of us ever since,” he stated and laughed in a give-up way to both. 
     Brother Abbey excitedly exclaimed, “I knew the water boy story, I just wanted to hear Brother Lawrence tell it again. He gets so serious when he tells it.”
     Brother Lawrence laughed with all of them, “I guess there is no getting serious around us guys, is there?”
     Brother Lawrence continued, “We’ll pray over all of our horses for the trip. It’ll be just like when we took them all the way to Ephesus with Mary from Jerusalem. They were tired; we were tired; we were scared; Mary was scared; but we all made it, including these 2000-year-old horses. They are eternal just like we are. Don’t worry about it, Brother Gabriel. It’ll all work out.”
     Sister Abigail came walking up and looked out the window at the short runway in a level pasture less than a mile from the monastery, “Do you think that C-154 is big enough for all of us and them?”
     Caleb appeared near Sister Abigail just as she asked that question, “When is the last time you were on a C-154?” Caleb asked. 
     “Never,” he replied knowing what Caleb was going to say.
     “Yes, and that is why you won’t mind it once we are airborne. If it is enough to carry rescue food and supplies for thousands of stranded refugees, then it is big enough for all of us. Oh, by the way, would you like us to all parachute down or do you feel better landing the plane and getting off?”
     Sister Abigail shouted, “Parachuting! Are you out of your mind!”
    Caleb laughed and commented, “Oh, okay, we’ll land then. You made the decision for us. Thanks.” 
     They were always playing jokes on Sister Abigail. It had much to do with her being a women and the common stereotype that most women were scardy cats compared to most men. A wrong assumption, but they kidded her a lot anyway. 
Robert
     Robert followed Gabrielle by several feet, then she turned around and grabbed his arm and pulled him beside her. “I know what you’re doing. You’re sizing me up. You better get your mind out of your hormones, now come on and stay with me. We’re going to 25th floor, so behave.”
    Robert laughed sheepishly, “Busted, but not sorry. You know you have a nice looking….”
    “Don’t you dare finish that! I feel like I’m back at Vanderbilt teaching a class of football players. Is it any wonder why I always dressed so drab all the time? Now, come on and keep up with me.”
    As they got off at the 25th floor, there was a small crowd gathered to greet them. There were the publishers and all the agents and a nice group of beautiful girls who seemed to be hanging off the men’s elbows. Robert thought their closeness was a little too close, then thought, “I bet they are married to angels.”
     Gabrielle nodded to everyone and pointed to Robert while he was carrying his hard copy manuscript, then they all came and hugged or shook his hand in a welcome. One of the agents who did not have a lady hanging off him shook his hand, then whispered, “I think she has a nice…”
    Gabrielle shot back, “Tony, don’t you dare!”
     “Wow, are you guys telepathic too.”
     Tony whispered back, “No, but I’ve been trying to get Gabrielle to go out with me for years, and that is the first thing I thought when I saw her. Just good guesswork”
    Gabrielle laughed, “And it is just guesswork what you were whispering to Robert. I know you too well.”
     Robert asked when he met Stephen, the publisher head, “Are you guys married to angels?”
    He replied, “Oh, you noticed that. Good observation. Yes, almost every one of us except me and Andrew over there,” he commented pointing to a man who had to be in his late 90s. 
     “We have been trying to get him fixed up for years. We think he could live to a 110 if he had an angel to take care of him.”
    Andrew stood up wobbly and marched over with a cane in one hand and a pointed finger with the other, “You’re trying to kill me. If I got matched up with one of these heavenlies, they’d wear me out to the nub. Now, young man. I’m one of the editors. We’ve already been working on your book. It certainly seems like it matches the end of times just like the Lord said it would. So, let’s go sit down and chat a little.”
     He continued as he was handed an envelope with sample covers to share with Robert, “Oh, here Robert, look at these while we head to the conference room.”
     Robert placed the covers on the table and pulled one out pulled close to him. He let his fingers run slowly over the cover admiring the perfect picture of what was in his mind when he wrote the book. He was looking at an exact replica of what Kalin was preparing to construct. The Knights Templar standing in front of the Dome of the Rock arrayed like the knights of old with their white horses, and their yellow vestments with red crosses on their front and back. The Dome was cracked from the top to the bottom with a massive chasm making it look as if it both sides were falling apart to the ground. The knights even had their Crosier’s hooks raised into the air with some with their staffs plunged into the ground. It was obvious that the knights were causing this. It was exactly what he had written about. There was one difference. The artist had created a scene where there were thousands of angels all around the knights. There were so many wings from Powers to heir-servant rainbow-colored wings that is was difficult to see anything except wings. Still, it was there; all in plain sight. 
     Robert took a deep breath, “It’s perfect. Absolutely perfect. There isn’t a thing wrong with this cover. It’s exactly what I wrote except all those angels surrounding the knights. Good idea, but I never wrote it that way.”
    Gabrielle came up from behind him, “I did that. It matches the construction that Kalin is building in Jerusalem. We all will be there. Just like that. I hope you like my preface. I wrote it. I even put my name and identified myself as your wife and your angel. All yours.”
     “I need to read that. This is about angels coming out, so to speak, right? You’re already everywhere. It isn’t like it used to be.”
    “It is to me. I’m shouting to the world that I belong to you. I’m with you and part of you and your work and life. I needed to do that for me. I needed to own up to it,” she stated with tears running down her face. 
     Robert felt her passion and commitment, and all his doubts about her and him vanished away. He knew that whatever time they would have together was ordained and perfect. After all, He was a perfect Jesus, and this plan of Gabrielle and him together had to be perfect too. He reached out for her, and they held each other in a tight embrace. 
     “Thank you so much for being with me. Thank you. I can’t imagine not having you with me. We make a perfect team and the perfect Godly couple,” he said softly and held her even tighter. 
     He continued, “I still think you have a nice…nose,”
    She pushed him away and laughed, “It better not be the nose.”
    They both laughed and were interrupted by Andrew, “Okay love birds, let’s quit the hugging and get down to business, ok?”
     Robert sat down at the conference table and quietly folded his hands in front of him until Gabrielle swung him around and pushed an arm aside and sat in his lap. “Sorry, Andrew, you will just have to put up with us love birds today. So, let’s get down to business.”
     Andrew frowned, then laughed, “You see, Son. This is exactly why I don’t connect with one of these young angels. They would wear me out. I’m a little too old to get that worn out.”
     Gabrielle said sarcastically, “Andrew, what a way to go. Think about it.”
     “Girl, I stopped thinking about that 30 years ago. Now, let’s get down to production schedules. Robert, look through the material and see if you need to change something. We didn’t change a thing except we caught some grammar mistakes that you and Gabrielle missed. Nothing else. If you’re good with that, then we need this done and out to coincide with Kalin’s work. He should be done with the mural in about the next six weeks. 
Dar Raven
     “I can’t believe that we might have missed something. We were looking at this Kalin guy, then he takes off for Jerusalem. What can an artist like him do for those guys? I mean, can’t be running all over the place to see what one artist is going to paint.”
    Shadow asked, “Do we need to send someone else to take a peek. After all, we have to follow every lead.”
     “My understanding is that Kalin has a contract with the Federal Museum of Archives to produce a mural. That’s it. Just a stinking mural.”
     Shadow snapped her fingers, “What if the mural is an announcement of something the Lord of Glory is going to do? What then?”
     Dar Raven stopped for a second and nodded in agreement, “But, just that is not enough. It must be more. We won’t know about what is going to happen until we see it. There has to be something else happening to confirm what Kalin is doing might be the announcement.” 
     “I don’t know about the other, but why don’t you send me to see if I can peek at what Kalin is doing. I’m pretty sneaky. All it would take is a peek just for a second.”
     Dar Raven nodded in agreement, “You’re right. I’ll stay here. Whatever you do, don’t get crossed with Irish or her buddies. I like working with you. You have potential. I just don’t want you to get hurt,” then Dar Raven pulled his face away from her eyes and started thumbing through newspaper articles to see if he could spot any exceptional movement.
     “You really don’t want me to get hurt. That’s so nice. Why don’t I stay just a little longer, so you can really appreciate me? What do you say?”
     Dar Raven smiled and grabbed her by her shoulders, then backed away from his old nature and commented, “I will not abuse you; I promise.” 
Knights
     The C154 took off without much difficulty while the horses where shackled and tied, then braced for the trip. Each knight slept next to their horses, and prayers for calm were said over each one periodically throughout the flight. It was when they landed that several of the horses started getting fidgety and bucked against the plane’s hulls almost breaking through them. As they landed, a greeting party for the event came to greet them and had over a dozen horse trailers ready for their trip to the game stables. 
    “This is so exciting that you have agreed to join us. The rest of the contestants are excited to see some semblance of the Knights Templar represented. I understand that you are all descendants of the very original Knights Templar.”
     “Yes, that’s right. Every one of us is a direct descendent as well as the horses we brought with us. We’re all a close-knit family,” Brother Lawrence commented.  
     “Wonderful, wonderful with bells hanging on it. So wonderful!” replied Antonio. 
     As the horse trailers were unloaded, contestants were coming around and admiring how these participants could have got all their horses to be the same white color. They also noted that the knights were unloading swords and clothing with red crosses on them along with large Crosier staffs. 
     “I have never seen Crosier staffs like these before except when the bishop comes to church. Are they the same ones?”
     “Yes, exactly, except these are blessed by the angels. We carry them to honor our duty to the Lord and King. After all, we are all Christian monks who have been living in a monastery for quite a long time devoted to prayer.” 
     “You really are like the original Knights Templar, aren’t you?” Antonio commented while handing Brother Lawrence the itinerary and directions to the hotel with their room keys. 
     “We’re as close as you can get. Not many around like us anymore,” Brother Lawrence commented while winking at the others.
     “Did I hear that you helped Mary escape Jerusalem soon after the crucifixion?”
     “Yes, we, I mean our ancestors were given that privilege. Mary was also escorted to Ephesus, then later to other places that remain a secret to this day. In fact, we took her whole family with us including sons and daughters.” 
     “Wow, that is some heavy folklore,” commented Antonio.
     “Folklore? You wouldn’t know folklore from the Gospel if it bit you!” he replied sarcastically.
     “Please calm down, Sir. Maybe you’ve been holed up in that monastery for too long, right?” Antonio laughed and turned to several of his associates who laughed with them. 
     Brother Lawrence laughed and patted Antonio on his shoulder, “Maybe you’re right. It’s good to come back to Jerusalem after so long, even if it is 2000 years later.”
    “Oh, I see you’ve not lost your sense of humor, 2000 years, right, sure. Well, you go settle your horses in, and we’ll brush them down and care for them for you,” responded Antonio. 
     “No, let us take care of our own. We pray for them. They are not exactly young colts you know. They need our continual prayers.”
     “Okay, prayer for horses. You must think they are 2000 years old too, right?” he commented again.  
    “Actually, they are,” replied Brother Lawrence, then laughed and walked away while Antonio’s men looked baffled by the conversation. 
     Antonio had a strange feeling that it was true, then shrugged and went back to greeting the other contestants that were not as exotic as these monks. The rumor that monks were participating in the event was spreading like wild fire. The games were only three weeks away, but they had asked that everyone get here early to make sure all were rested from their trips and ready to participate. 
Three Weeks and Counting
     Robert walked quietly with Gabrielle holding her close to him as they walked, “So tell me about making little angels again.”
    Gabrielle answered, “You are a persistent one, aren’t you?”
     “I’m becoming that way with you. I know we’ve been guided into this relationship a little and now we both seem to be getting to like it, I just want us to make the most of it.”
     Gabrielle turned to him and pulled him close, “I do to. I want us to really, really, really make the most of it. So, let’s go home and start.”
     “Promise?”
     “Promise,” she replied kissing him gently on his lips. 
     “Shall we catch a cab?”
     “No, I like walking with you close to me like this. It’s a special time for me. Let’s hang on to this moment a little longer,” Gabrielle asked and moved even closer to him.  
     “Yes, walk closer, and put your fingers in my belt loops. As close as we can get. I like that.”

Kalin
     “Tell me, crew, has the back supports for the mural been completed? You know once I paint, then we want to cover it with ceramic coating. It’ll be very heavy. It should withstand an earthquake,” commented Kalin to Jeremiah. 
   Jeremiah answered, “Yes, I’ve got the concrete slabs already in place. You’ve painted two sections; and now, we can fuse them on the concrete just like you want and coat them. I counted six sections on your plans.”
     “We have six sections, and I’m doing about one a week with three sections left. I’m running behind. We need to speed it up. Tell me, Jeremiah, do you and Milly have something you can do to help me stay awake, so I can do it faster. I’d like to only sleep in naps for 2-3 hours at a time, then get back to work. I know that sounds crazy, but I believe I can work faster and do a better job that way.”
     Milly squealed lightly, then ran up to Kalin and put her hand in his and whispered, “You mean that you’ll be coming to bed more?” 
     Jeremiah heard anyway, “Yes, I understand, Milly. We can give Kalin some breaks during the day, so you can sleep, right?” then winked at her.
     Milly nodded, “Okay, yes we can help with that, right, Jeremiah?”
     “I can do that for you. Just bow your head now and let me pray over you. You’ll have all the strength you need to stay awake and take care of Milly.”
    Milly blushed red and Kalin chuckled, then winked at her response, “Yes, that would be good, right, Milly?”
    Milly answered in defiance, “There is nothing to be ashamed of. Sex is beautiful. Isn’t that right, Kalin?”
    “Absolutely, no problem here. Especially with you,” he answered, and she did a huff and walked away in embarrassment again. 
     Jeremiah commented before laying hands and praying for Kalin, “Women, can’t live with them. You know the rest. Especially one of our angels. They love their men; you know what I mean?”
     “Oh, yes, I know exactly what you mean!” he replied as they both laughed together this time. 
Break Time
     “This is my second break in the last six hours. I guess you could say that I am on a run,” Kalin said looking cheerfully at Milly, noticing her smiling back, almost in a giddy way. 
     Milly reached up and touched his face tenderly, then stated while walking towards their room, “Break here!”
     Jeremiah looked up, then commented, “Is that what we call it, now?”

Knights
     It had been three weeks, and they were almost ready. The horses were rested. The games would start in the morning.
     “Caleb, you need to prepare for the chariot races. Do you think Old Rosey can handle it?” asked Brother Lawrence.
     “Shall I remind you that we are here to win at some old games we played years ago. She will be ready. She has a great memory. When she sees that chariot, she will know exactly what we are getting ready to do. I even checked out the chariot. Other than having rubber tires rather than wooden spoke wheels, it’s just fine.” 
     “Who is going to handle the hammer throwing?” asked Caleb.
     “The same monk who did it hundreds of years ago, Big Barnabas. 
     “Yes, that is perfect.” 
     “Shall we let little Brother Aristotle take care of the horseshoes?”
     “Great, he has the perfect pitch. You should’ve seen him nail the winners circle in Oxford 200 years ago. You know, he went to Oxford for a vacation years ago, but he competed and won a trophy. He still has the trophy in his room at the monastery. He was great. I went with him to keep him company. I needed a break from all the quiet of our monastery. I still like hearing the trains rumble down the tracks in Britain. I love that sound. Can only stand so much quiet, you know?”
     Caleb laughed, “I can only imagine. Heaven is very noisy. There is always something going on. Of course, you can get away from the throne activity, and it gets calmer. Escape there myself when I get a chance.”
     “I can handle the quarter staff if you like,” joined Brother Nicodemus.
     “Accepted,” replied Brother Lawrence.  
     “I heard that they are going to have a game of horsemanship where our horses coordinate and do dancing to some of Simon Thoumire’s Scottish jigs.” 
     “I heard that too. Our horses all have a musical ear except Old Rosey, but she is a good follower. We’ll look pretty good out there on that one.” 
     “How much time before we bring it down?” asked Brother Nicodemus.  
     “Ten days and counting,” answered Caleb who just appeared for a visit. “I’m keeping track of it all. You guys are doing great. Fun at the Holiday Inn, right? Got pool room and digital game room so you can play the old Pac Man games.”
     Brother Caiaphas answered this time, “I just love the Pac Man.”
Shadow
     Shadow appeared walking toward the Jerusalem library paying special attention to movement of supplies and goods that indicated where the construction was going on. She spied Jeremiah lifting large bags of concrete as if they were biscuits. She spoke to herself, “A Power. I’m at the right place.” 
     Just then, Milly peeked out to see what else was left in the supply van, then spotted Shadow. The hairs on her arms stood up, then she realized what she was. She wondered how long it would take before hell came to visit. She closed the door and locked it, then moved back peering out at the street watching Shadow. Shadow knew she was spotted. It was looking more and more like this activity was part of an announcement now. 
     Milly knew that there were only two more sections. It would be done and up within the week. She wondered how it was going with Robert. 
     She tapped Kalin on the shoulder and mentioned, “I’ll be right back. I’m going back to heaven for a couple minutes. I need to talk to Jesus about Robert and the knights.”
     “Why don’t you just ask Him? You have a direct connection to Him, don’t you?
    “Very well put, but you don’t know how wonderful heaven is, and I want to take a dip in some heavenly ponds and even see Irish if she’s around. I have more to think about than just us two.”
    “Wait, wait, what did that mean, more than just us two? Are you trying to tell me you’re pregnant?” He said it too loud and everyone around them froze.
     Jeremiah laughed. “I saw that coming, right girls?” at the other heir servants.”  They all nodded and giggled about it together. 
     “Robert, it’s perfectly natural. Having sex, having babies, having sex, having more babies. Our two little girls will be the first among many, Dad.”
     “You said, girls. How many babies are you carrying, anyway?”
     “We always have twins. You didn’t know that? Also, we give birth in 4-5 months.”
     “You have to be kidding! You guys are like rabbits!
     “Well, I didn’t see you complaining very much. You know, sex, babies, sex, babies, more sex, more babies.”
     “I know! I know babies! Lots of babies!”
     “You got it. Now keep working while I take my trip.” 
     When Milly got to heaven, it was Irish who met her first. “Congratulations, Girl. Your first among many. You looking for some information about Robert and the knights, right?”
     “Thought it wouldn’t hurt. What’s up?”
     “Well, we should have done a better job letting you know. The knights are participating in the medieval games down at the fairgrounds. You ought to go see them. It should be fun,” commented Irish.  
     “Yes, I think I should. I saw a dark angel snooping around. A female that we met at Bull’s church. They are on to us. I bet they want to peek at his planned mural,” replied Milly.  
    “Don’t worry about her. I already spotted her. Her name is Shadow. She is new, but she and Dar Raven split up and while she is doing this, Dar Raven is trying to find Robert. Robert’s book will be hitting the bookstores in the next eight days with plenty of fan fair.” 
     “I guess it’s not too much to ask to have some of Aaron’s friends and yours hang out with us over the next couple days.” 
     “I’m going to talk to Aaron and see if we can split them up between you and Robert. I want Aaron to handle Dar Raven as always. Don’t forget. If Shadow becomes a problem, they can take care of her. We can’t kill her, but we can certainly mess her up, so she is out of our hair for a while. Oh, you’ll be happy to know that Gabrielle is pregnant too. She is carrying two boys. Isn’t that great? You both should be delivering about the same time.” 
     “Does Robert know?” asked Milly wishing she could be the fly on the wall. 
     “Not yet, but Gabrielle is working on that,” laughed Irish. 
     Milly changed gears again, “So, we’re on track. And after the Dome is crumbled, what next?”
    “Oh, that’s easy. War. The Muslim Alliance through the Arab League will be destroyed in Armageddon or Armageddon gets delayed again for some reason I don’t know about. You know how our Lord likes to play games. It could be just a practice run. We want as many heir servants and white wings surrounding the knights when they do their dirty deed as the skies can hold. It’ll be a great announcement with all of us participating.” 
Robert
     Gabrielle came out of the bathroom after retching for over thirty minutes. “I don’t have to eat, and I’m not going to anyway until after our babies are born. That’s all there is to it! Enough is enough! That is the last chili hotdog I’ll ever eat!”
     Robert fell back onto the couch cushion, “Babies, what babies?
     “Robert, I told you angels are fertile. What did you think was going to happen? We’ve been having sex sometimes more than three times a day for over a month. It’s angelic math.”
     “I just didn’t expect it so soon. Oh, my gosh. I’m going to be a father and having a full-fledged day care center in just a short time too. Can’t you take something to keep from getting pregnant anymore?” 
    “We don’t do things that way, Robert. We are heavenly beings. We are not going to stop heaven from doing what heaven does best: making babies. Oh, there is one way to stop me being pregnant. Think about it. If that is what you want to do let me know. A luxury once received becomes a necessity. I think I’m a necessity to you now. So, what is your favorite color since these are boys?”
     Robert shrugged and as he headed to the bedroom depressingly commented, “I think I’m going to take a nap.”
     “You can do that now, but soon you never will again. Isn’t having sex fun. I think so. Those kids will never let you take a nap again.” Robert groaned and walked in a daze to the bedroom. 
     She yelled after him, “Hey, Big Guy, want some company?” 
   “No, No, No, No, and No. I think we’ve done enough for right now.” 
     “Your loss. I remind you that I’m already pregnant and safe for a while,” she laughed and winked at him at the same time just as he turned back to for a second.  
   He turned, then said quickly, “Okay, what the heck.”
  “I thought you would say that,” she said as she ran past him into the bedroom and jumped into bed. 
Dar Raven
     Bob located Robert after nosing around Vanderbilt and looking up personal details on the web. Gabrielle was listed as the professor with some personal information enough to lead him to a white page search. 
     He just whispered, “I found you Robert.” Suddenly, Dar Raven was standing beside Bob. 
     “Crap, you scared the life out of me!” he jumped as he said it.
     “Oh, that is nothing. Wait till you see hell. You’ll wish for a scare like this one.”
     “I don’t think I like that idea”
     “Well right now, in the state that you are in, you have little choice. Give me the address and get out of here before I send you to hell right now,” reminded Dar Raven, then Dar Raven started glowing red with hell heat; just a demonstration.
     Bob threw the note with the address on it at Dar Raven, then turned and ran. He left his bike and was screaming “Nooooo” as he went, knowing he was heading for the nearest church. Somehow, he knew it would not help. His hands had left the plow for too long, and there was no going back. 
     Dar Raven walked slowly toward the address without even thinking about what he would do when he got there. As he approached their door, Robert and Gabrielle came out and bumped into him. Gabrielle recognized him and knew exactly who he was. 
     “Dar Raven!” she screamed. 
     “Yes, now what are you two up too?”
     “What in the heck is going on! Is he what I think he is?” exclaimed Robert. “Isn’t he the same one from the church?”
     Gabrielle turned pale, then winked at Robert. Dar Raven noticed. This was not a good sign while knowing someone else was standing behind him. 
     “Dar Raven, aren’t you a little too old to be messing around with an heir servant and her new husband?”
     Dar Raven knew that voice and bristled. “Aaron, Aaron, old foe, always just in time to save the damsel in distress.” He heard Aaron’s great sword slide out of is massive sheath.
     “Dar Raven, I’ve been assigned to protect them. I don’t want to make a mess for the cleaning lady so leave. They’re under my protection along with Joseph.”
      Joseph appeared in front of Dar Raven and between Gabrielle and Robert. Joseph was so wide in girth that Dar Raven could not even see the others. 
     “This is not over. We’ll find out what your Godly announcements are and stop them. You cannot be everywhere and all the time. We have divided the search too.”
     “Oh, you mean Shadow. Don’t worry. We’ll take care of her when the time comes. You seemed to be spread a little thin lately.”
     Dar Raven muttered, “Crap!” then disappeared appearing blocks away and muttering about the white wings and their kind. 
Last Section
     Irish stood with Caleb outside the Museum workshop as more supplies came in. They both noticed Shadow still lurking around, then Caleb moved toward her and appeared next to her. 
     “Oh Shadow. When will you and Dar Raven realize that we aren’t stupid. Dar Raven just met Aaron and Joseph in Nashville on one of his hunting expeditions. We promised that we would take care of you too when the time came.”
     “Caleb, we knew these guys are important. You’re just proving it. We’ll stop your announcements. We’ll stop the Lord of Glory from getting His way!” she yelled as she tried to push him out of the way, but he was like a giant boulder. 
     “I hate to hit a woman, but Irish can,” he laughed.
     Irish appeared in front of Shadow and swung an upper cut and caught her coming down and slammed her into the nearby curb. 
     “I hope that hurt. That’s just a little tease about what we are going to do with you if you stay around too much longer.”
     Shadow licked the blood from her lip and snarled, then disappeared. She sent a mind message to Dar Raven. “You didn’t tell me that Aaron and Joseph confronted you.
     Dar Raven scoffed, “It was a confirmation that we are on the right track. They’re nothing. They didn’t touch me.”
     “If they wanted to, they would have. You know that. They definitely touched me. Got the bloody lip to prove it. I’ve not given up.” 
     “Who met you?” 
     “Caleb and Irish.”
     “This means that the whole team is on this one. We’re on the right track. It’ll happen soon enough. Let me know what you find out.”
Game Day
     “The last section of the mural is done. The book is out and receiving unbelievable news coverage. The time for the knights is in 24 hours,” commented Aaron. 
     The knights’ horses danced perfectly to and old Scottish jig Guddlin’ in the Burn, and it was obvious with the knights carrying their swords high and their Crosier staffs even higher that they were the best of the games. Everyone shouted and danced while they put their white stallions through the paces, even Old Rosey. 
     Milly and Kalin came to the games just in time for the horse dancing and just to see the start of Brother Barnabas in the hammer throwing. Milly went to Brother Barnabas and introduced herself. He was smiling top to bottom and getting ready to do his first throw when Milly saw Shadow standing off in the crowd. 
     Milly whispered to Barnabas, “That woman there is a dark angel trying to stop us. You need to have an accident with you hammer throwing, don’t you?”
     “Are you kidding. Are you asking me to?” he replied aghast at what she was asking. Female dark angels were not totally off limits like heir servants, but it made him sick at his stomach to think about it. 
     “She’s a dark angel! Yes, pray to the Lord and King and see if this is not what He wants.”
     Irish came up behind them and greeted Brother Barnabas. He had met Irish over 500 years ago when she came to visit the monastery.  
     “No one will fault you for an accident. If you want me to, I’ll throw it,” she commented. 
     “No one touches my hammer but me. I’m obedient to the will of our Lord,” he protested pulling the hammer back from Irish’s reach. 
     Irish and Milly walked back noticing that Shadow was watching them all. Barnabas prepared with huffs and puffs, then in an enormous throw pitched it straight for Shadow. It happened so quick that no could stop it. The hammer plunged into her forehead and cracked her skull in two. Everyone was shouting. When the medics came to help, Shadow was still barely alive. She gritted her teeth knowing that Milly and Irish planned this. She disappeared in front of news crews, the audience, and caring medics. Gone, just gone. No one could explain it, and no one wanted to. 
     Medics and security surrounded Brother Barnabas, then so did the other knights. It was amusing to see so many small people blocked by the knights. There was a sense that since there was no body, no crime had been committed, then Brother Barnabas went to where Shadow had been, picked up his hammer, went to the tossing line, and pitched the hammer so far that everyone knew that it was humanly impossible for anyone to compete. The crowd erupted in applause, then it seemed like everyone forgot what happened while the games continued. 
     The head of security looked at the blood trail where Shadow had been, then looked at his security team and shrugged as if nothing happened. He just did not want to think about it nor even try to explain. It was easier to walk away. He kicked at the dirt covered in blood and turned to one of his officers. 
     “Cover it up. Nothing happened. Nothing at all,” he commented before he walked away. By the time more news crew got there with cameras flashing, they were taking pictures of a pile of dirt, nothing more; no news here. It was also difficult for them to even get to the site because of the knights blocking the crowds while the officers did what they were told. Several of the officers squeezed past while looking up at the knights to leave while several just left and went home. 
     Mumbling together, “Nothing happened, nothing happened, nothing happened.”
Shadow
     Shadow lay quietly on the floor of one of hell’s upper regions barely breathing and not really wanting to. The pain of her recovering was almost more than she could bare. She moaned slightly, and tears ran down her face. She pushed her face and skull together with her hands trying to speed up the process. Apollyon walked over to her and shook his head disappointedly. 
     “I suppose you thought you were somehow smarter than the whole heavenly team. That was pretty stupid. You also must have thought they would never hurt you as much as they did. That was equally stupid. You’ll be here recovering for quite a while. I could help, but I’m not going to. You’re on your own, Girl, lesson learned.” 
     Apollyon turned around and jumped from the high level down to another closer to the flames. He saw what she saw and knew that something was happening, but he still didn’t know what. The newest book release White Wings was troubling, but somehow it seemed more fantasy. Whoever would think that the old Knights Templar would ever be able to split the Dome of the Rock in two to begin with. Those guys were dead thousands of years ago, and these relatives dressed up like them could not be the men of renown he had heard about just after the Crucifixion. Still, he wondered. There certainly were enough light angels involved that it had to mean something. He could not take a chance. 
     “Dar Raven get together a small team of no less than five of your best warriors and show up in Jerusalem. I need confirmation of the announcement. It looks like it just might be something similar to that new book that just came out, White Wings. Just keep me in touch and stop sending novices to do an expert’s job. She was not ready, and that was your fault. The author of that book was in your back yard, and you missed it. Don’t miss again.”  
Knights
     Brother Lawrence spoke to his knights about next steps. “The book announcement is out. Anyone can read it and see how important we are to do the job. The mural is to be unveiled at a presentation tonight with a lot of fanfare. In the morning, we ride to the Dome and bring it down. We’ve been promised protection, and I’m counting on it. Cross your fingers.”
     Brother Augustine was troubled by the finality of his speech and his comment about crossing their fingers, “There are enough light angels around to handle any of those dark angels. In fact, I bet even dark angels don’t have as much experience with swords than we do. We can handle ourselves.”
      Brother Lawrence chimed in, “Brother Augustine is right. We all have a good chance of completing this mission and going home. Our Powers are there for us just like always. I bet Caleb, Aaron, Joseph, and even Irish will be nearby.”
     At that moment, Aaron appeared among them. “He’s right. We will be there. I must disagree one thing. Dark angels are probably some of the fiercest sword fighters since creation. They know more about killing whether it’s humans or us. Still, I’ll be there, but I’ll not come with only a few. I’ll bring thousands upon thousands. We’ll be there even before you get there. When the Dome splits in two, we will be there unseen but waiting. We’ve heard that Dar Raven may be coming. I’ve already run into him in Nashville. We already messed up Shadow. He’s probably already figuring it out. When Apollyon sees the unveiling of the mural, it will be clear to him. He’ll know exactly what you’re going to do. He’ll know that he must stop it somehow. What he won’t expect are numbers. We’ll come with so many Powers that it will be impossible for them to even move a twitch: no standing room. I know Dar Raven will be there, but I’ll take care of him myself. It’s not the first time we’ve done a one on one and won’t be the last. Now, get some sleep, you guys will need it. When the sun rises, be standing in front of the Dome of the Rock.”
     The knights shouted, “Hey, hey, praise to God and King!” repeatedly. 
Dar Raven
   “We’ve picked up some noise in town about unveiling. Shadow suspected that it was tied to why Irish and Caleb were hanging around with that artist Milly and Kalin. If she was right, then it is all connected.”
     Antiqua asked, “What are we supposed to do, just hang out and twiddle our thumbs.”
     Dar Raven snarled, “You’ll do what I want you to do when I want you to do it. We need to find a way of knowing about that art stuff. Maybe, it’ll give us clue. It’s just possible it matches the story line in the new book White Wings. We don’t know for certain, yet.”  
     Quidal asked, “If I find that artist, can I kill him?”
     Antiqua asked, “Yeah, can I kill someone, something?”
     Barclaeo chimed in. “Do you realize how long it has been since we have seen any action at all?”
     Dar Raven smarted back, “Yes, and it as been a long time since you’ve run into Aaron and his team too, right? Do you miss them?”
     “Oh, I guess, no, not Aaron,” he answered. 
     Sinatis was listening to all the bantering and wishing he was back in hell rather than all of this. He had just come back from fighting for six months in South Sudan. He hated battling next to the Sudanese dark angels. They were so much bigger than he was at his own seven feet. Those dark angels did not even need swords; their larger size out did all the others. 
      Sinatis commented, “I don’t care what we do. I need some rest, so let’s get this done and over with.”
     Dar Raven lashed back, “You’re right. Let’s take a look.”
Unveiling
     The crowds mingled casually in the big meeting room while Gabrielle and Kalin shared close company at the door shaking hands and helping greet the attendees. Dar Raven and Barclaeo walked in together with an invitation they got from an attendee only blocks from the chamber-house hall. Gabrielle easily recognized Dar Raven even in his tux, his size, his black eyes, his darkness; it had to be Dar Raven. Even Kalin backed away when he was handed his invitation. Dar Raven smiled at Gabrielle’s reaction, then just as suddenly, his face went cold.
     “Oh, I see, Irish. Here to protect your pet projects. This means that Aaron is close by. So, let’s not cause a scene. I’ll just sit on the back row and mind my own business. No trouble, no fuss.” 
     Dar Raven moved slowly to a back chair and sat down. Irish laughed as she saw Barclaeo turn and run back out onto the street. He heard Aaron’s name and knew the close connection between Irish and Aaron. Everyone new they were a couple. It was Caleb who showed up this time and patted Dar Raven on the shoulder where he sat.
     “One wrong move, and they will have to pick you up in pieces. 
     Dar Raven laughed when he saw Caleb, “Really, you know Aaron is the only one that matches me. You try something, then it will be you who will be in pieces.” 
     Caleb pointed to numerous Powers coming from the back of the presentation podium and moving slowly toward Dar Raven. “I see, so you figure on using numbers instead of one-on-one talent. Okay, I give. You’ve answered my question. This art is the other part of an announcement. Bye.”
     He disappeared and appeared in front of the building. When Dar Raven saw Barclaeo, he slapped the back of his head, “Don’t you ever leave me like that again, you little worm.”
     Gabrielle commented, “That is the closest I’m been to hell in my life. Man, he is good looking, but he made my skin crawl. He is pure evil.”
     Kalin asked, “So that was a bad guy, right? I recognized him from Bull’s church.”
     “You have no idea how bad. He knows about the knights, but he won’t know when, but the knights will be there in the morning anyway. Aaron promised support, so we’ll have backup, and what backup it will be!”
     Kalin shook his head in misunderstanding, “What happens next? I mean, the announcement is made, the Dome of the Rock comes falling down. What then?”
     “Oh, didn’t Gabrielle tell you. Armageddon. The Arab League and its partners will attack Israel with everything they have with the help of Apollyon’s dark angels. We, the Lord, and every angel, Powers and heir servants along with the Americans, Britain, and Israel will be in the Valley while the enemy marches against us. It will be the end of all ends. The Lord Himself will step from heaven with His Father to confront them. It will be a time of total annihilation of every single one of those who believed they can win against us. Apollyon knows he will lose, but he won’t give up anyway. He knows once the battle begins, it’s all over for him. Nothing will save him. That’s why he wants to stop the Dome of the Rock from being destroyed so the next step won’t happen. You understand, don’t you?”
     Kalin still shook his head. “All of this for the announcement. It is like a big game. I don’t mean disrespect, but it really does sound like a game. It is too much drama for me.”
    “I’m sorry you feel that way. It’s just how eternal events are played out. Maybe, a silly game to you, but it has eternal consequences.”
     Kalin bowed his head in submission in a I-give-up-motion, “I guess. Well, I’m glad to be part of it if it means that much.”
     “Glad to hear you say that,” she commented while patting his shoulder assuredly.  
     Aaron appeared beside Irish and hugged her sideways while watching Gabrielle smiling happily at Kalin’s expression for the love hug. 
     Kalin asked, “Couple?”
     Irish answered for herself, “Couple!”
     “Well, that’s so sweet,” Kalin commented while laughing. 
     Irish poked him in his side while Aaron laughed at her response. Aaron commented. “We’ve been a couple for thousands of years. Everyone in heaven and even hell knows it. We’ll come together when New Jerusalem is here to raise our own angelic children. We are not allowed that luxury right now, but our time is coming.”
     Kalin answered, “That doesn’t seem fair.” 
    Aaron nodded only in reflection, then answered, “Fair has nothing to do with it. We are obedient to our Lord and King. It’ll happen for us.”
     “Yes, it will!” exclaimed Irish and hugged Aaron back again. 
     Aaron reached over and kissed Irish tenderly on her near neck as Irish seemed to purr and turned, then kissed him back. He disappeared moments later. 
     Gabrielle was amused by the interactions and put her arm around Kalin’s waist nudging him toward the unveiling. As the curtain was lifted, news photographers where flashing at light speed and were slightly alarmed by what they saw. There was the Dome of the Rock falling in two parts all the way to the ground with Knights Templar on their horses with their Crosier staffs raised into the air in a victory pose. It was obvious from those who looked at the mural that the knights did this. 
The Connection
     The book was out with great fanfare and reviewers had already covered the main content and vivid descriptions. Suddenly, there was that electric connection between the White Wings book story and the mural. It was a double message, and no one missed it. Dar Raven got it but did not know when. Apollyon got it but did not know when. The Arab League got it but did not know when. Heaven got it, and the answer was now.
Apollyon
     Apollyon yelled for Dar Raven, “I told you to stop this stuff. Now, it is all out. You must stop those knights! You must stop them from completing their mission! I don’t care how many you need, bring them!”
     “Do you give me permission to have thousands or just hundreds?”
     “Everyone, everyone should be there!” shouted Apollyon. 
    “If everyone comes, so will everyone from heaven and maybe even Jesus and His Father too. Are you willing to risk starting Armageddon before it is time?”
     “You insult me! If that Dome falls, it is the start of Armageddon!” 
     “I can stop it without all of our army. I can take my men and stop it. I promise that I can stop it. Save our army for the real Armageddon whenever that happens.” 
     The new Dar Raven was more cautious than the other. He sensed that something was not right. He sensed that this might be a game as it seemed to be, but a game that was specifically designed to torture Apollyon. What better way to torture him than to believe that Armageddon was coming when it was not at all. He had to admire the sneakiness of it all; but if he wanted to torture Apollyon, then he would do it exactly the same way. 
     “I’m telling you that these two announcements are making Armageddon happen right now. Our only chance is to stop the knights from destroying the Dome!”
     “I’ll take care of it! I want to have some extra assistance from the leaders of the fallen, the watchers. I want all twenty-one of their captains to be with me.”
     “They have been locked in darkness from the time of the flood. I can take care of that, but it will only be for a short time before the Lord of Glory finds out and puts them back again. They might want a break. You only want the captains? Why?” commented Apollyon, not understanding all of Dar Raven’s reasons but wanting to placate him anyway for the time being.
     “The captains where the smartest and most ruthless. I can use some of that savvy around me, right now. In fact, they make the perfect observers for the Dome of the Rock situation.”
     Dar Raven continued, “They will not respect me, the Old Ones, but it does not matter. Give them orders to obey me, whether they respect me is not important.”
     “Don’t be so pitiful. Be strong. Be Dar Raven. Stop the knights!”
Stop Armageddon!”
     Apollyon looked deep into the chasm of darkness. He knew the watchers were there. The watchers had begged the Lord of Spirits to forgive them if they bowed to him and promised to be obedient to heaven, but He would not. He put them in chains and put them deep into the darkness of hell. There were 200 hundred of them, then there was a captain of ten that formed teams and spread themselves across the earth. Those captains were: Samjaza, Artaqifa, Armen, Kokabe, Turael, Rumjal, Danjal, Neqael, Baraqel, Azazel, Armaros, Batarjal, Busasejal, Hananel, Turel, Simapesel, Jetrel, Tumael, Turel, Rumael, and Azazyel. Dar Raven saw them appearing before him in a confused manner, not understanding what was going on. 
     They saw Apollyon, and several went to their knees and bowed, but it was in fear, not admiration. The darkness that kept them trapped for so long but at least they were without the heat of hell itself, and they knew it. They all sensed that there was something that needed to be done, and they had just volunteered. 
     Samjaza stood erect without bowing with an air about him that matched his authority as leader over all the captains. He spoke boldly to Apollyon, “Why have you brought us here? Is it enough that we who tasted of the heavenlies and shared the fruits of heaven itself have been denied our return. The darkness and those chains you made fall from us are nothing compared to losing heaven. What more can you have us suffer for following of Jeqon who led us astray and brought us down from heaven?”
     Apollyon laughed, “Oh, you poor boy. You want pity for defying the Lord of Glory. You want me to kiss you and hug you and tell you it is going to be okay? Is that it? You were deceived by Jeqon who remains in the hell fire, and you’ve deceived yourself to think that I would care what you feel or think. I’ve let you out to stop Armageddon, then after, you’ll go back. You’re to go with Dar Raven and stop the Knights Templar from destroying the Dome of the Rock.”
     “How?” Samjaza asked.
     “Oh, that’s easy. You guard the Dome unseen, then when the Knights Templar appear, you’ll let Dar Raven know, then kill them. It is as simple as that.”
     “We are not warriors and never handled a weapon of any kind. Our sin was not because of murder and killing, but letting our offspring do that. Our offspring with the daughters of men killed each other as much as the men of earth and feasted on them like so many cattle. For this ruin, the flood came and our giants and our Nephilims and our monsters all died. None, but one called Og survived the deluge. Og, king of Bashan, made a pact with Noah and his sons that he would serve him all his days like a dog, and Noah let him live. The Lord of Spirits destroyed all our kindred (men of renown) and peoples for how they ruined the earth because of us. We know our sin. We know we deserve the dark pit and chains. It’s you who will be sharing some of that grief when Armageddon has finished you and those who come against the Holy people and all those that guard the precious city and its people.”
     Apollyon was quite silent during this outburst, then spread his dark wings wide, and his colors changed from the draped black of deep pitch to a fiery red that pushed the watchers back to the edge of the dark chasm. 
     “Do you not think that I don’t understand my fate? You idiot! Why do you think that I’m trying so hard to stop Armageddon? I’ll suffer, but in the meantime, so with every human I touch as my pay back for that curse. Do what you are told and let me do the worrying about what happens if you fail. Kill the Knights Templar!”
     Samjaza nodded, but not in agreement, “Let me talk to the others.”
     Apollyon was astounded, and Dar Raven who was standing back watching laughed at Apollyon’s disbelief expression. “What do you mean you want to discuss this? This is not a Democracy! I’ll send you back right now for this.”
     Samjaza turned and pointed his finger at Apollyon, “I told you that the pit in chains is what we deserve. You’ll let us discuss this, or we’ll go back on our own accord.”
     Dar Raven stepped between them and Apollyon, “We understand your concern about killing the Knights Templar. Just go and be what you have always been; and if you want to kill them, then do, but if you don’t want to, then at least have the courtesy to let me know they are have arrived so I can.”
     Apollyon laughed this time, “When did you become a politician? You know, they all left heaven on their own accord, not like you and me. We were thrown from it. They aren’t the brightest bulbs. Okay, I don’t know why I agreed to do this now. Just make sure you have plenty of your own warriors ready for battle the minute they give the signal.”
     Samjaza turned from his group discussion, “Okay, we will do it. We will kill no one, not a single soul. That’s your problem, not ours. We also want to visit several of the local places in Jerusalem. We’ve heard from the pit discussions from other dark angels about things like hamburgers and pizza.”
     Apollyon exploded, “This is not a school outing! You guys must think this is some kind of daytrip, a holiday! Just make sure that enough of you are there to let us know!”
     Samjaza answered, “That is exactly how we think about it. It is a holiday from the pit and chains; and according to scripture it looks like that only thing we’ll get for it, if there is Armageddon, is at least another thousand years, right?”
     “Well, that is very Biblical of you. Yes, one thousand years. Let us not hope the events don’t lead to that holiday for a while. Stop this Armageddon!”
    “Oh, do you happen to have any human clothes of the time that you can give us. You know, we need to blend in a little bit.”
     “I asked you to be invisible unseen, so now you want party clothes, then I guess you need an address for a local disco, next.”
     Samjaza was enjoying the bantering and bother to Apollyon, “Do you have that? That would be nice.”
     Apollyon answered, “I’m out of here. Dar Raven take care of this. If they bother you, send them back,” then he disappeared and appeared on his rock island that floated above the hell fire. He sat on his throne and shook his head in disbelief.
     He muttered to himself. “I wish I could sleep. Humans have such a great escape; sleep. I just wish.”
     Dar Raven chuckled, “You were doing that on purpose, weren’t you?”
     Samjaza answered, “How did you know?”
     “Oh, it was just a guess, funny guess, but just a guess. hamburgers and pizzas? That’s rather funny. I’ll help you get some when you get there. There on the floor before you, you will find all your clothes. Just make sure you let me know. Can I nick name you?”
     “Of course, what do you want to call me?”
     “Oh, that is easy, Sam,” answered Dar Raven. 
     “Okay, that is easy, so I can call you Dar?
     “No, it’s Dar Raven, Commander of the Angel Legions. You can call me Commander if you want.”
     “Okay, well, we are all dressed, but some of us do not know how to put these clothes on.”
     Dar Raven shook his head, “The tag on the t-shirts are to the back. Those pictures on the t-shirts are just fashion. Don’t pay any attention to them. Do you know how to tie your shoes?”
     “No, will you teach us how?”
     “Oh, this is going to be a long night. I will teach you, Sam, and let you teach the others. I want at least ten of you assigned to the Dome at all times. Don’t bother anyone. When you do to Jerusalem don’t be obvious. You’ll have plenty of currency, but some of you will have to speak English or Arabic to blend. You have that knowledge; you just must use it. Keep away from the girls, the daughters of men. They’re far more beautiful now than they have ever been. Just keep your hands off them, so you don’t get arrested. Just because they don’t wear much doesn’t mean they are wanting to be handled. They are just advertising. Don’t drink the wine or the beer and stay with water and Coca Cola. Remember, if you drink something from a bottle, you twist the cap to the left to open, then turn to the right to put it back on. Why don’t you try the coffee? We need you alert at the Dome. Bring some coffee back for the rest of your group. Oh, the pants have a zipper. You must pull the handle up to the top to close it. Thought you’d like to know.”
     “Dar Raven, thank you for your assistance. You were thrown from heaven with Apollyon, weren’t you?”
     “Yes, we were, and we also tried to get back, but the Lord of Glory refused. I guess you know what I mean,” answered Dar Raven. 
     “Yes, I guess we all have made mistakes. I believe ours was the most grievous. Our offspring ruined the earth. We caused the flood, but Apollyon seduced Eve. Too many mistakes, way too many.”
     Dar Raven answered quietly, “We cannot help the past. We must deal with the present and do our parts regardless what they may be. Can you do yours?” Dar Raven watched Sam closely while he asked that. He wanted to know if he could trust them. He felt this might have been a mistake bringing them back. 
     “Yes, Commander, we will do our part to stop Armageddon.”
     “Good, now go to the Dome of the Rock and set up your watch. That’s what you are called right, watchers, so watch.”
The Knights Templar
      “What time should we be doing this?” asked Brother Gabriel.  
      “Brother Lawrence answered, “We’ve been talking about at sunrise. The mural shows the sun just coming up behind the Dome. The book describes how we came riding our horses through Jerusalem without any traffic because of the time of the morning. We need to leave as early as 5 in the morning to get there just at sunrise.”
     The rest nodded, but there was not an effort for sleep only individual prayer and quiet. They all went to be by themselves knowing that there might be an attack by Apollyon because he knew what but not when. Many thought they were sacrificial lambs for this event but were okay with it. After all, almost all had lived thousands of years as God’s Nephilims. 
     Before they went apart, Aaron appeared with Joseph, Caleb, and Abraham, his closets warriors. He addressed the monks. “We are proud for what you are doing. I sense that some of you believe you are going to be sacrificed like lambs to the slaughter. Nothing could be more further from the truth. I have heaven waiting for my orders. No matter who is coming to attack you, they will not come out alive. You’ll find yourself surrounded by my best warriors. I’ll be there waiting for Dar Raven.”
     Brother Lawrence asked Aaron, “Where are our little announcement creators?”
    “Oh, we have them very nicely tucked away far from the drama. We sent Gabrielle and Robert and Milly and Kalin on an extended vacation to one of Bermuda’s out islands. In fact, they are sharing the same condo right on the beach. You know, sometimes humans need to connect and chat about the peculiarities of living with angels especially when both our angels are pregnant. We just figured they all needed a little break. They did their part.”
     Brother Gabriel leaped at his comment, “We need a little break too after this. Can you get us to an island paradise before all hell breaks loose?”
     “You are the one causing all hell to break lose. The problem with that may be timing. I figure Armageddon will be coming up on us within months of the Dome being destroyed. If you want, we can fit in a holiday for you. What do you say?”  
     The monks responded cheering, “Here, here, hey, hey, we are here to obey!”
     Aaron laughed along with his team and disappeared leaving the knights to their quiet times. 
The Girls
     Gabrielle commented, “I can’t believe this holiday, can you Robert?” 
     Robert looked up at her with Gabrielle sitting in his lap while gently rubbing his free hand over her baby bump. “Yes, it is a nice perk before we start this new daycare center at home.”
     Suddenly, Milly and Kalin came up the front porch of the vacation condo. Robert and Gabrielle knew about Milly and Kalin and unspoken thoughts of Robert and Kalin were that they would finally have someone to talk to that understood how being married to angels really was and even pregnant angels at that. 
     Milly yelled as they came up the stairs, “Hey guys, where is the welcoming committee?”
     They had the locals hauling up their bags and throwing them into the main room, but Robert and Gabrielle never moved but just sat there watching while waving at them. Gabrielle was rather annoyed that her personal time with Robert was being interrupted, and Milly noticed. Milly grabbed at Kalin and pushed him onto another couch and sat in his lap, then waved knowingly at Gabrielle. Milly snuggled into Kalin and put his hand on her baby bump and motioned for him to rub like Robert was doing. Both Robert and Kalin winked at each other while they just sat together enjoying the baby bump moment. 
The Watchers
     Samjaza appeared with his team only blocks from the Dome and noticed the high security around that section of the city trying to protect the Dome from Jews and Christians who would want to intrude into the sacred Muslim place. After early morning, he only saw five guards and knew that later in the early morning probably only one or two who would be nodding and napping, not guarding and watching. It was not a problem anyway with them able to go unseen, no problem at all. Samjaza divided up into two teams and sent one group to the Dome, and the rest headed for downtown. They separated themselves in twos letting each pair go their separate ways down both sides of the main avenue into Jerusalem. He noticed that they were getting all sorts of looks, but it was mostly from women. Angels were the most beautiful and handsome creatures that had a natural lure and attraction about them that got them in trouble thousands of years ago with the daughters of men. It was no different now. He was amazed at how beautiful women had become and how they dressed or what he thought were mostly undressed. 
     Samjaza commented, “Have you ever seen women this beautiful in your life?”
      Azazyel answered back, “I was thinking the same thing. Look at all those horseless chariots and these buildings. This is so unbelievable.”
     Samjaza asked, “Are you thinking what I’m thinking.”
     “About pizzas and hamburgers?”
     “No, stupid, about getting the heck out of here and disappearing. I mean running away from all this stuff. After looking at this, I don’t want to go back to the pit and chains anymore.”
     Azazyel exclaimed, “You have to be kidding! They would chase us down!”
     “How, they will be so busy with Armageddon they wouldn’t have time. Apollyon’s going to lose anyway. He’ll be deep in a hell fire built for him and his angels. I doubt he’ll take the time.”
     “You really think we can do that?” asked Azazyel.
     “I think that we should change sides. I say we go find the knights and side with them. We tell them everything we know and scram.”
     “I think that is the most exciting thing I’ve ever heard! Let’s do it! Do you remember any of the angels of light? Do you think they would remember you and us?”
     Samjaza answered, “Are you kidding. Of course, we’re famous, in a bad way, but famous anyway. If we help them, then maybe the Lord of Glory will let us back into heaven or at least leave us here if we don’t raise any giants and monsters again.”
     “Wouldn’t the same thing happen if we mate with these women: giants, Nephilims, and monsters?”
     “You know, I’ve had a lot of time to think about this. I really think that the daughters of men were not the daughters of men to begin with. I know that heir servant angels bear children from humans that are larger, Nephilims, but nothing like ours. What if, just what if, the daughters of men were really daughters of aliens?”
     “I’ve never heard you say anything like that before. Do you really believe that is what happened?”
     “I say it’s possible. You remember Naamah’s offspring was Asmodeus, a demon, instead of a giant. Naamah seduced us, not us seducing her. She became the mother of an unknown number demons. That kind of stuff doesn’t happen when they are regular human females. I’m telling you that those girls were aliens or alien offspring. We just triggered a terrible mix, and the Lord had to send the flood to destroy them. The Lord of Glory was right.”
     A voice from behind them asked the question, and all the watchers walking down the street froze in their tracks, not knowing what to do. “The Lord of Glory was right about what, Samjaza?”
     “I know that voice. Aaron, Commander of the angel legions. It is good to see you again. You still with Irish?”
     Samjaza turned and faced Aaron, then in a surprised move that startled even Aaron, he rushed to him and hugged him like an old friend. 
     Aaron exclaimed, “What are you doing? You are my enemy cast into the pit in chains. How did you get out, then more importantly, why?”
    “Aaron, please, we mean no harm. We were sent by Apollyon to watch for the knights and kill them if we wanted to. We don’t want any part of it. We want to change sides. If we help you, maybe we can hang out here for a while. Please, Aaron, you always know when someone is telling the truth,” Samjaza pleaded and was almost crying. 
     The other watchers rushed over to meet Aaron while looking around for others, then they saw about a hundred Powers walking towards them. Some of the watchers just sat down on the sidewalk and waited for the onslaught. Several started running but were confronted on all sides by Aaron’s Powers. 
     Joseph and Caleb appeared beside Aaron and looked curiously at Aaron, not knowing why he was not saying anything. He asked, “You haven’t told everyone what you are thinking about. Why don’t you do that before I make up my mind what to do with you. By the way, up others are coming up the street with some of my warriors. Move to the side and let people by. Let’s not cause a scene. Yes, I know you’re speaking the truth. Now, talk to your men.”
     “Kokabe, you heard my idea. You tell five of our watchers, then have them split up and tell the rest. If someone resist, we turn them over to Aaron and his guys. Please, make it convincing.” 
     “Samjaza, the Lord is not much in making deals with traitors, you know that. Still, I like the idea of you turning your backs on Apollyon and Dar Raven. That sounds like a great way to mess with them. It sounds absolutely delightful,” Aaron laughed and slapped Samjaza on his back to give him some moral support.
     Caleb asked, “Did I see him give you a hug?”
     Aaron growled at Caleb, “Hey stop it. He’s just excited about seeing an old friend. He was one of my best friends in heaven, and he was the one who introduced me to Irish.”
     Caleb laughed, “Okay, if you say so, but I’m telling Irish that you’re hugging men now.”
     Aaron growled again, “Stop that, Caleb. My sense of humor only goes so far.”
     Joseph asked the question, “Did you hear that theory he stated about the daughters of aliens and not men. You know, that makes sense because we don’t have difficulty even now with giants, etc. and or Nephilims are just bigger and always twins, nothing too strange except they have angelic powers like us too. Nothing absurd.”
      Aaron put his finger up for a moment of silence, and they knew he was communing with the Lord, then he said out loud, “Possible, very possible, and that is why you had to destroy them all.”
     Aaron turned around suddenly knowing what was going to happen. “Samjaza, I believe there is someone here to talk to you.”
     Jesus walked through the groups of Powers as they bowed at His presence. The watchers knew who it was too. Some shook from fear even more than from the Powers. Jesus walked to each group of watchers and said, “Peace, be still.”
     The great peace that came over them and quelled their deep-seated feelings and resentments about their punishments. Jesus spoke to Samjaza as he went to his knees before Him, but Jesus would not let him go completely to the ground and took his hand and lifted him up.
    Samjaza kept saying, “I’m so sorry for everything we did. I promise you that we’ll not cause you any trouble anymore.”
     Jesus answered, “I know you won’t. Your theory is very possible, Samjaza. Very, very possible. The Father and I discussed it before causing the flood. We saw a myriad of what you would call UFOs coming to earth for years. They settled with the Aztecs and with the Egyptians again years later. Those aliens made war with each other in those times and destroyed each other. The flood took care of the earlier intrusions. We are not naïve about things like this. Many would refer to even my Father and me as extraterrestrial because of our own nature and abilities, but that is a matter of reflection and nothing more. We are eternal no matter what you want to call us.”
     Samjaza asked in surprise, “You mean you believe us?”
     Jesus answered, “Yes, we do. It doesn’t let you off the hook so to speak, but we’ll consider you staying here on earth, but not in heaven. I would like you all to melt into this world and avoid trouble. The Knights Templar are well guarded and will do their job just like we need them too.”
     Suddenly, a Catholic priest walked by and Jesus said, “Brother Murray, the Lord loves you. Feed my sheep.”
     The priest about fell down as Jesus spoke. The priest acted like he was hit with a ball bat. He finally got up and looked up to Jesus. 
     “Lord, is that You?” with tears running down his face.
     “Yes, it is.” Jesus answered. 
     “Lord, I was considering quitting the priesthood. I am so discouraged. May I embrace you.”
     Jesus said, “I don’t see why not. We know how you feel, but don’t quit, feed my sheep.”
    Brother Murray embraced and sobbed in his arms, then Jesus kissed his forehead and commanded, “Brother Murray, feed my lambs.”
     As Brother Murray answered, “Yes,” then Jesus disappeared as did all the Powers. 
     Aaron, Caleb, and Joseph stayed, then Irish appeared to the delight of Samjaza. There was not a one of the watchers who disagreed. Irish hugged Samjaza and kissed his cheek. 
    “I forgot just how beautiful you are,” Samjaza commented.
    Brother Murray was still stunned, “Are you all angels?”
    There was a unified answer from everyone, “Yes, we are.”
     Irish thanked Samjaza, “Thank you for introducing me to Aaron so long ago.”
    “Well, of course. I believe that we all must go. Brother Murray, will you please take us watchers to get pizza, hamburgers, and Coca Cola? I will be right back. I need to talk to the others to tell them about everything,” mentioned Samjaza. 
     Aaron spoke, “That will not be necessary. They will be here in a minute. Jesus went to see them. You would not believe how happy they were. They were jumping up and down.”
     Samjaza exclaimed, “You’re not kidding. I’m so excited that I’m about to jump out of my skin.”
     Brother Murray was struck by them calling themselves the watchers and saw Aaron nod. Aaron said, “The Lord has forgiven them for their sins and is letting them stay on earth. If you can be their temporary tour guide, then we angels of heaven have things to do.” 
     “Yes, of course, pizza and hamburgers it is. Now, if you’re going to flirt with the daughters of men this time, please do it when I’m not around,” he laughed, and they all followed him down the block toward the nearest pizza place. 
     Aaron stated simply after kissing Irish passionately, “Well, that went well. Good to see old friends,” as they both disappeared.
     Robert was fussing around the kitchen when Gabrielle asked, “We need to keep the TV on. I want to watch the reaction when the Dome is destroyed. I bet the Arab League comes unglued.”
The Dome of the Rock
     It was 5:30 in the morning when the knights saddled their horses. They heard from Aaron about the watchers and knew there would be no watchers to blow the whistle. The watchers were already being spread out in twenty different directions and laying as low as possible. 
     Apollyon asked Dar Raven. “Have you heard from the watchers?”
     Dar Raven hated to tell him that they could not be found, “No, they haven’t reported anything, yet. Nothing, so far. Oh, by the way, there was a rumor that Jesus made an appearance in downtown Jerusalem for some reason, and Aaron was nearby. A priest met him. We don’t know what happened. Just a sighting.”
     “Oh, you’re just now telling me that Jesus came to Jerusalem.”
     “He didn’t stay long. He told a priest to feed his sheep like with Peter.”
    “He came all the way from heaven to tell someone about feeding His sheep?” Apollyon was getting nervous. Something was going to happen and soon. 
    “It’s okay. We have the watchers with their eyes on everything.”
     He suspected that they had run off, so he had sent several of his close group to check on them. He just kept his mouth shut and crossed his fingers. 
     The knights made their way through the quiet streets of Jerusalem and had put burlap bags on the horse’s feet to keep he noise down. As the approached the Dome, two guards with confused looks on their faces greeted them as the knights lined up in front of the Dome. Dar Raven’s few close men noticed too, but just as they started to alert Dar Raven, they felt, then saw the swords of Aaron’s warriors piercing them from the back and exiting their stomachs. It was too late. One knew it was Aaron because of the width of the Aaron’s famous sword sticking out of his stomach. The guards literally passed out in fear. They fell forward to the ground with a thud. 
     Aaron commanded, “Begin!”
     The knights started repeatedly shouted, “Praise to the Lord of Glory!” They took their swords from their sheaths in their left hands and held up their Crosier staffs in another and together slammed their staffs to the ground and waited. The noise of the staffs hitting the ground thundered, then they did it again, and again, together at once. Suddenly, the ground started shaking, the Dome vibrated as if it were in an earthquake. It shook and moved from top to bottom showing a huge crack all the way to the foundation. All at once they brought their staffs down together at the same time one more time. This time, the ground split and opened a large chasm that ran all the way to the top of Dome. The Dome literally split like an egg and the walls of the Dome split in two and came crashing down to the ground. The knights shouted again and again, “Praise to the Lord of Glory!”
     Aaron shouted at them, “Go, get out of here! We’ll handle the rest. The knights were surprised there was no resistance, but even Dar Raven heard the noise of the Dome crashing. His stomach turned to jelly, and he shouted, “Aaron!”
     By the time Dar Raven got there, Aaron was standing in full body armor waiting for him. Aaron’s warriors covered the sky behind him. He had thousands of angels, so many that no one could even see the Dome behind them. They were waiting, just waiting with swords drawn. It was obvious that this was Aaron’s fight. Dar Raven knew he was out numbered and knew it did not matter how many he brought they would never be enough. This was between Aaron and himself. It had only happened twice before that Aaron and Dar Raven did one-on-one battle. As it always was and always would be, the angels on both sides stepped aside to give Aaron and Dar Raven plenty of room. In fact, there were so many light angels and dark angels that they were standing very casually beside each other to watch what happens. There were courteous nods to each other, and some knew each other. After all, 1/3 of heaven was cast down with Apollyon, and some of them knew each other by name. 
     Dar Raven approached Aaron, then suddenly Dar Raven saw several of the watchers who were standing next to Aaron’s warriors, and they waved at him while laughing. Dar Raven now knew they had switched sides. He knew that they had made a deal with Jesus, and that is why Jesus came to visit. Dar Raven fumed over them, then turned his attention to Aaron. 
     “So, this is what we do, right?” asked Dar Raven.
     “You always have a choice. You can just leave. What will Apollyon do with you?”
     Dar Raven laughed, “Whether I am in pieces or whole I’ll go into the fire until he is ready for me to come back again.”
     “You know. You can always change sides. You would never enter heaven, but at least we’ll protect you from Apollyon. I can work it out. It worked out for the watchers.”
     “You have to be kidding me! This is my destiny. Armageddon will send me to the hell fire soon enough. I’m cursed. You know that.”
     The other dark angels started getting nervous. Could this really be happening where their commander was talking about switching sides. What about them? Could they do that too. Is it possible that the Lord of Glory could forgive them enough? 
     Aaron sensed the mood, then with Jesus’ permission, he made an offer, “Any of you who will fight with us in the Battle of Armageddon when it happens will be spared from us. You will never go to heaven, but you will be spared. You will have to decide. What Dar Raven does will not affect my offer to you. You will go to the border of Syria and prepare for battle.” 
     This was the most unusual offer any of the dark angels ever heard of, including Dar Raven. Dar Raven kept thinking about the hell fire and whether anything was worth it anymore. He knew the results of Armageddon. He knew that he would be in hell fire soon enough. It was just a matter of time. 
     Apollyon heard the offer and spoke to Dar Raven, “You can’t be seriously considering this? You would turn your back on me and your kind. How is this possible?”
     Suddenly, Jesus appeared beside Aaron and spoke to Apollyon, “He considers this because I agree to it. No heaven, but no hell fire. Except you, Apollyon. Enjoy the heat for 1000 years.”
      Dar Raven was actually considering it. He turned to his warriors and pulled out his sword, then threw it down on the ground, then just as suddenly he picked it up again and charged straight for Aaron. Aaron suspected as much, then side stepped him while bringing his massive sword down on Dar Raven’s shoulder cutting him from top to bottom, no shoulder, but Dar Raven turned and swung his around toward Aaron’s waist cutting deep across it till he saw his insides. The angels moaned and some cheered. Aaron pushed on his stomach and healed immediately, then took Dar Raven’s severed shoulder and arm and threw it into the Dome site. Dar Raven put his hand on it to stop the bleeding, then rushed Aaron again. Aaron met him in a jump into the air knocking Dar Raven some fifty feet away, but this time he threw his sword toward Dar Raven and watched it plunge through his chest while it pinned him to the ground when he fell back with the force of it all. 
     Aaron flew over him and retrieved his sword for another plunge, when Dar Raven shouted, “I give! Dog gone it! I Give!” 
     He figured he could always go back to Apollyon later, but right now, he did not want too. He spoke to his warriors, “Who wants to go the Syrian border with me?”
     All his warriors shouted, “Yes!” then threw down their swords. They all disappeared and showed up opposite the massing troops from the Arab League. The Arab League heard about the Dome of the Rock. It infuriated them. It became the battle cry for the movement. Tanks started rolling toward Jerusalem. They made it about ten miles before stopping. It was time for the nuclear armed missile aimed directly at Jerusalem. As a measure of caution, the front-line forces were asked to stop while the missile was first fired.  
The Arab League knew that their own people in Jerusalem would suffer, but it had to be done. Casualties of war. 
     “Mohammed, is the missile ready? It is, then what is the problem. 
Why haven’t you launched it?” a Syrian general commented from his protected site near Damascus. 
     “I am not Mohammed. I am Jakeel. Mohammed left a minute ago with a stomach ache. We appreciate you sending us another engineer with experience. He is working getting our missile tuned right now,” Jakeel commented, then noticed a long quiet spell on the phone with the general.
     The general finally spoke, “I did not send you a replacement engineer. Who is this person?”
     “His name is Abraham. Where do you get engineers who are so large? He is almost seven foot tall. He is checking out the color codes right now. Launch in a minute.”
     Abraham waved at Jakeel while the general began to panic about the possibility of sabotage. The general spoke very slowly to Jakeel, “I did not send you an engineer replacement. What is he doing now?”
     “Oh, he has the red wiring in one hand and is reconnecting a fuse on the triggering mechanism,” answered Jakeel. 
      The general was hyperventilating, “What wire does he have in his other hand?”
     “Oh, let’s see, oh, he has that blue wire. That’s not right. He is splicing them together. He you shouldn’t do that! Hey, Abraham, don’t do that!
     The nuclear explosion was behind the Arab League’s front lines by a hundred miles exactly where a majority of the military were in place to follow the front line toward Jerusalem. It put a firestorm that rolled across hundreds of miles of desert and right over the tops of the waiting Arab League armies. Those who had made it ten miles into Israeli territory were the only ones who were spared. They could look back into Syrian territory and see the mushroom cloud rising above the horizon. Those with arms threw them down, then others with transportation moved quietly away from the front in multiple directions, literally scattering in all directions. Everything was left behind. They completely evacuated. 
     Dar Raven and his men watched in shock as hundreds of thousands of soldiers from the Arab League abandoned their ranks and disappeared into the desert. Everyone knew that whatever nuclear cloud was on their horizon was not healthy. In fact, they all knew this was the ultimate sign of their defeat. It was over.   
     In addition to this, the Arab League heard that millions of angels were coming into Israel to defend it. There was news that American and British military had already arrived in Israel. There were whole armored columns and hardware including so many fighter jets that Israel barely had room on their runways.
Rebellion
     Apollyon had a problem with ordering his warriors once they heard about Dar Raven and his group. For the first time, there was a rebellion in hell when they knew what was going to happen if they lost the battle. They all would go to the hell fire. The logic was 
simple. No Armageddon, then no hell fire. No battle, then no consequence.   
                                              White Wings
     The TV has a special report, “Folks, there have been some unusual forming of armed carriers and troops on the Syrian border as well as a flurry of activity from the Palestinians. Israel is on high alert. In addition, there was a 30-kiloton nuclear explosion near the Syrian border. It has completely destroyed the largest element of the Arab League forces including all their tanks, planes, and long-range guns. Nothing is left. It is obvious that a nuclear accident happened that completely derails the planned attack on Israel. Russia and China have denied any connection with any of those countries supporting this newest potential aggression against Israel. There has been no communication with the Arab League since the explosion.”   
     The reporter continued, “There has also been a huge influx of white wings. There are millions of angels appearing everywhere in Israel. In fact, there has been unusual activity of what some call the Powers of heaven, those that are considered warrior angels who have surrounded the American Embassy and many of the Christian churches. For some reason, they have not done the same for the Jewish synagogues or Muslim mosques.”
    “This is NCV TV. Our reporter is discussing why this Power is standing in front of this Christian Church. ‘Sir, why are you here and not at a synagogue?’”
     “Ma’am, the reason I’m here is to protect the children of God from harm from anyone.” The angel pulled out his long sword from his back and put it point down toward the ground while holding it by the handle. 
     “Why can’t you protect the Jewish synagogues the same way?” the reporter asked. 
     “Ma’am, they may be the children of God originals, but they are the lost children of God. We’ll protect the nation of Israel, but the Jews are lost. Only the Christians are grafted into the vine of God now, and the Jews are cut off. We’ll protect Israel but remember what I just said. Israel is the promised land, and Jerusalem is its capital. We’ll send all of heaven to protect it if we have to.” 
     “How dare you refer to us as lost!” a Rabbi yelled at the angel.
     “Why don’t you tell Jesus the Lord how you feel. You won’t accept Him or worship Him, but at least your nation is still protected, but you’ll never be allowed into heaven’s gates because of your disbelief.”
    “You guys will be thrown out of our country! You’re not wanted!” shouted an embassy diplomat. 
     Never since the white wings came to America had they ever appeared in Israel. Israel just couldn’t understand why all of these angels came at once. They did not want to hear that they were needed for Armageddon. It became a national issue. Angels were attacked by different groups that even tried to kill them to no avail. Angels would get shot or stabbed, then just laughed at the attackers and instantly heal, and heaven never stopped sending them.   
The Politics of Armageddon
     The Israeli legislative branch of Israel’s country welcomed and supported of the NATO alliance that looked to defend against the Arab League. They noted that the movement from the Arab League triggered by the fall of the Dome of the Rock was instrumental in the Arab League activity. It was too obvious, but they resisted the influx of the angels. They kept saying that the angels had attitudes about Jews and even Muslims. 
     Finally, the legislative met to discuss the angelic problem. It was not too difficult to see the Jewish stance against the angels. Aaron represented heaven; and as the politicians ridiculed the need for such angelic presence, it became increasingly worse. 
     Aaron got up to defend the angelic presence. “You seem to be upset that heaven would be interested in defending Israel against the Arab League. This is a Biblical event called the Battle of Armageddon. This is not a border skirmish. You want to deny the help of heaven itself?”
     The prime minster stood up and denounced the presence of the angels, “They complicate an already complicated situation. I wouldn’t be surprised that heaven destroyed the Dome of the Rock to trigger Armageddon. Heaven is messing with politics. They are also denying the heritage of the Jewish community.”
     Aaron laughed, “Oh, we do not deny the destruction of the Dome, but your heritage of being the promised land is a Biblical issue not a political one. You are making it a political one.”
    The prime minister shouted, “You deny the right of the Jewish nation to even be part of the heavenly rights. How can you deny us heaven? It’s all a matter of opinion. You Christians are messing up our Jewish rights!”
     Aaron responded, “Oh, so we are denying your right to heaven when you have done it to yourself. You deny that Jesus is the only Son of God, then expect Jesus to let you inherit the kingdom of God. Really! You crucified the Lord of Glory, and now you want to deny Him the right to rule in heaven. Where do you think we angels came from? We were created by Jesus Christ Himself. He is the only way, truth, and life to salvation. You all are dead in your sins and refuse to accept it.” 
     A member of parliament stood up and shouted at Aaron, “That is what I am talking about! Your arrogant premise that you’re right, and we are wrong! How dare you! We want you out of our country!”
     “Really, then why don’t you ask Jesus about that first!” Aaron responded.
     The prime minister shot back, “That’s very funny. So where is your Jesus so we can ask Him!” 
     “Right here,” stated Jesus as He walked into the meeting holding His hands up so everyone could see the holes in His hands, then pulled up his t-shirt for all to see where they pierced His side. 
     “You all are as arrogant about me as you were when you crucified me. I am the Son of God. I am the Lord of Glory!” when he said that the glory of heaven burst out from him filling the whole chamber with a magnificent light from heaven. 
     “This is not a joke, and I have my angels here to defend you against all who desire to hurt you, but you are still lost and will never see heaven unless you believe in me,” Jesus proclaimed while pointing His finger at several of the angriest legislators.
     Several of the parliament went to their knees and covered their eyes from His glory. Suddenly, the was a shout, “Allah is great, and Mohammed is his prophet!”
     “You do say, so let us solve this right now. Let Mohammed in.”
Mohammed was brought in by the Powers in chains and had to be carried to the front.
     “Here is your so-called prophet. When he tried to get into heaven, I bound him in chains and put him first in the outer lands, then when he would not repent, I put him in the pit of darkness. Tell them about that, Mohammed.”
     “I was wrong. Jesus Christ is the only way to the Father. There is no heaven for Muslims, no virgins, only darkness. We are wrong. Abandon everything you believe about our way and surrender to Him.”
    Several Muslims rose from their chairs and threw up in the emotions of it, then ran out of the meeting while still screaming, “Allah is great, and Mohammed is his prophet!” 
     Several members rushed to the podium and one stated, “That was a nice play acting for Muslims, but our prophets are here to stay.” 
     “Really, so we will see, bring them in?” asked Jesus. 
     Through the front door walked the Patriarchs: Moses, Abraham, Joshua, and King David. They went to the front and introduced themselves. Each one addressed the group saying the same thing. We are your patriarchs, and it is Jesus who is he Son of God. You are dead in your sins if you do not believe and trust in Him.” 
     A man ran toward them yelling, “These are actors: he put his arms around Abraham, and there was no substance to him, but when Abraham put his arms around him he could feel his touch. 
     The man fell to the floor, then looked back at Jesus, then proclaimed, “I accept that you are the Son of God. I repent and ask for your forgiveness for my ignorance.”
     Several others did the same until there was a crescendo of repentance and acceptance. The prime minister turned and ran out of the building, then ran toward a near synagogue. He burst into the building, then as he turned around Jesus appeared before him. 
     Jesus told him, “Your nation is in the balance of either revival and salvation or damnation. You all have resisted me long enough.”
     The rabbi came running out, then turned to Jesus, “I remember meeting you when I was a young man. You have not changed at all. Are you here to save our nation? First, I want You to save me. I believe in You as the Son of God. I repent and accept You as my Savior.”
     The prime minister went to the floor and begged Jesus, “I am so sorry. I believe You are who you say you are. I accept you as my savior and repent for not believing you for so long. Save me please and help my country against the armies of darkness.”
     Aaron stepped down to meet the prophets and asked, “Does anyone here want get some pizza since you are here.”
     Abraham asked while laughing, “Is it kosher?” Just then Saint Paul, Peter, and John joined them. 
    Paul answered for all of them, “We don’t care about that anymore, right guys?”
     Aaron mentioned, “You know the best ones for knowing about good pizza are the watchers. In fact, they are getting ready to open their own chain of pizza places soon. They can be your tour guide.”
The Arab League
     Apollyon met with the Arab League commanders, “You see I know my army was to help you, but I got this problem. I’m having a small rebellion in hell, and I can’t get any volunteers.
     “Are you telling me that Israel with the United States and Britain are armed with the help of millions of these angels to defend Israel, and all we have are how many of yours?
     Apollyon embarrassingly mentioned, “I have fifteen really great warriors. It looks like Dar Raven quit and his warriors joined him..”
     “Fifteen against millions. Well, I guess this answers your question about Armageddon, right? If there is no battle, then I guess your 1000 years is put off a little. I bet your happy about that. After all, that nuclear mishap wiped out most of our forces. We don’t have enough men left to even consider anything except sending what we have left to herd goats.”
     ” I suppose your point about Armageddon is a perk, but it’s going to take me years to rebuild,” spoke Apollyon who was wiping the sweat from his neck and forehead in immediate relief that his 1000-year hell-hole vacation was not now. 
     “What is Dar Raven going to do now, weave baskets?” asked the general. 
     Apollyon answered, “I think he’s going to join the Jehovah Witness.”
     A general asked, “Was that a joke?
     “No, it means I don’t know.” He sensed that Dar Raven made the right decision based on the situation and would be back. 
Endings and Beginnings
    The knights were back at the monastery now. Aaron kept his vacation promise to them. The girls were having their babies. Aaron was kissing on Irish. The Arab League was disbanding for now. The Dome of the Rock was being rebuilt for Christian worship. The heir servants were staying and hooking up with humans and having more Nephilim twins. The watchers were successfully building and expanding their pizza empire. In fact, they hired Dar Raven and his warriors to run a new chain of hamburger joints all across the Middle East. Dar Raven made a great manager, and his warriors were so excited to stay on earth that they made the perfect employees. Apollyon was alone and could not sleep. 
The End
