Why I Work the Nightshift

	Robert C. Evans


Text copyright 2015 by Robert C. Evans

All rights reserved.

All characters and events in this book are fictitious and all similarities to real persons, living or dead, is not intended by the author.

Summary:  When John begins going through changes he can’t explain, he is faced with decisions he must make based on the needs of new found friends, and his heart. 


For my wife, Barbara,
who always believes in me.
Even when I don’t.


Contents
Title
Forward
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Book Two
About the author
One

The sound of my feet as they raced across the ground sounded softer than a cat while at the same time trees and shrubbery passed by faster than I knew was possible.  I heard a small animal rustling through the leaves about a hundred yards away, then an owl called out and it was deafening.  I seemed to know where I was headed without ever having been in these woods before.  I knew these were the same woods I had seen so many times in my dreams.  Dreams where I was always left frustrated, seeking some release I needed but couldn’t find.  This time was different, the bright glow of the moon and stars danced with a promise of needs that would be fulfilled.  Wisps of fog wrapped around low lying areas and seemed to grasp at me with their bonds of darker dreams as I ran by.  I grinned into the wind as I ran and started to laugh, my steady pace stumbling to a stop as I heard a howl erupt from my throat.  I wondered at the sound, and then became distracted by the moonlit shadows and I was running once again.  I raced the wind with no real destination in mind.  I was pulled onward by a strong urge, chasing something I could not grasp.  I would have run forever, but was suddenly brought to a complete stop by the scent.  It was so odd, this riveting scent.
I had never possessed much of a sense of smell, which made the intense feeling brought on by this scent hard to fathom.  Yet still it could not, would not be denied.  It demanded to be explored and reveled in.  I stalked the scent with feet that had become almost silent and the sound of another’s footsteps became known to me.  I had by this scent been transformed from a child of the night, laughing and communing with the moonlight, into something much more dangerous.  I was a hunter that belonged to the night more than the shadows themselves.  I knew I had become something of the night that children would hide from under their covers, understanding the safety of being in bed was a lie.  Unsure of what else was hunting in my woods this night, I instinctively knew it was not my friend.  I had become the reason people looked over their shoulder in dark, lonely places.  I would hunt this distraction down and destroy him for intruding upon my world.  I slowly turned; using my hearing to vector his location when the scent intruded again and the desire to find the trespasser was lost with other memories that no longer mattered.  I wrapped myself in the scent as though it was a favorite robe, settling into the feel of it.  This was new.  Scents could now be almost touched, more a part of the physical world than I had ever realized.  I was shocked to find that throughout this period of discovery and introspect; I had somehow never stopped my stealthy approach to the source of the scent.  My movements were not a conscious decision but simply an expression of what I had become.  The scent was maddening, sending my heart racing as my other senses were spinning out of control.  I had to own this, possess it, bathe in it.  I had to taste it.
Shock.  The world slapped into a sharp focus I had never known.  In a small clearing she stood facing away from me.  The most perfect thing I had ever seen.  Every part of my being screamed out as I realized the scent was from a small cut on her left arm.  She held a bowie knife in her right hand, the moonlight dancing off of the silver blade as if laughing at such a pitiful weapon compared to what I was.  I wanted her, I needed her and there was nothing that could stop me.  She was mine and meant for taking.  From somewhere deep inside of me there came a storm of remembering who I was and the wrongness of what I was about to do.  Clashing with my innate knowledge of what I now was and what I was meant to do, I started to cry out a warning for her to flee even as I understood the fallacy of attempting to flee from me.  Flight would have only served to make what I had to do stretch out a few more precious seconds.  The confused gurgle from my throat was enough to make her turn to see me approach in an odd stagger.  My feet moved in a confusing mix of a perfect assassin’s smooth gliding steps and the dragging step of a man struggling to stop the madness unfolding before him.  My head throbbed as I moved from one persona to another, and so perhaps I can be forgiven that I never heard the others approaching me from behind.  I realized they were there, thinking oh, there’s two, just before a bright light flashed and then everything went dark.  This is all I remember of that first breath I drew as something new.  The night was as much a part of me as the blood pumping through my veins.  My most defining moment of the night?  I remembered what I had been instead of completely embracing what I had become.  That was my last memory of that night, the first of many confusing nights to follow.
Two

 I awoke in my back yard with the sun beating upon me as if trying to finish me off.  I felt disoriented, weak and hungrier than I had ever remembered being in my life.  I was also somewhat confused.  I was wearing overalls.  I didn’t own any overalls.  Unknown to me, this was only the beginning of what would become an extensive, troubling collection of overalls.
I slowly stood up and although a little unsteady, made my way to the backdoor of my home.  There was no privacy in my neighborhood with the houses crowded upon one another so close it sometimes felt like it was choking me.  I didn’t want to explain to any of my neighbors why I had been sleeping in my backyard.  Mostly because I had no idea why.  Besides, what if these overalls belonged to someone who recognized them?  As I walked bare footed across the lawn, it was an odd sensation to feel so much of what was going on beneath my feet.  I could feel the blades of grass pressed against the soles of my feet, the moisture of the bruised vegetation felt soothing.  I could smell freshly cut grass but I did not see any.  I heard no lawn mowers running in the distance, much less close enough I should be able to smell the grass.  It seemed as though the smell was coming to me in little puffs of scent.  I came to a stop trying to figure it out and I noticed the scent slowly weakening.  I took another step and a fresh puff of cut grass filled the air.  Suddenly, I understood the scent was from the lawn as I stepped upon it and as this dawned upon me I felt drowned in a rush of other smells while the yard spun and I dropped to the lawn again.  As I was overcome by so many smells, one hit as particularly nauseating.  A greasy, sweaty smell mixed with stale beer and cigarettes was choking me as I heard, “Yo!  Buddy!  Are you all right?”  I slowly looked to my left and the source of that terrible smell.  Randy was leaning on the fence dividing his yard from mine.  He was looking concerned but there was an odd smell under the other smells.  I didn’t know what it was until I saw his eyes.  He wasn’t truly concerned; he was amused at my predicament.  How could I tell from just his eyes?  No, it wasn’t his eyes so much as that smell.  Somehow he smelled dishonest.  It was a pungent smell of sweat mingled with a cloying scent that I realized was fear of being called out on a lie.  Fear was a smell?  I didn’t know why I knew this, but it was as much a truth to me as the sun would set and the moon would rise.  I must have taken too long to reply as I pondered all of this because again, my neighbor intruded upon my thoughts.  “John!  Are you OK buddy?  Talk to me bro.” Although I had a mad desire to hurt Randy in creative ways, I answered, “I’m good, just got a little dizzy.  I’ve been coming down with something I think.”  I struggled back to my feet and flung out, “I just need to get inside and rest some more.”  I disappeared into my house, closing my door behind me to stave off further intrusion, and that terrible smell.
  I made it to my couch and sprawled out on it as I started to think about bits and pieces of my dreams from last night.  I briefly wondered if I was still dreaming but I could feel the fabric of the overalls, which reassured me until I remembered I didn’t own any overalls.  Yes, there was still that.  I began to really study the overalls hoping to discern something about my predicament.  A popular company logo was embroidered across the chest.  The brass colored buttons and hooks seemed unremarkable.  No odd stains or markings that I could see.  Just a common pair of overalls with the prerequisite number of pockets to carry everything a farmer could dream of.  Some of the pockets even had zippers to keep stuff from falling out when you leaned over.  Farmers were kind of an odd bunch if you really thought about it, I supposed.  The overalls were making me uneasy, and as I was feeling a little steadier, I went back to my bedroom to change into something more comfortable. I needed something more familiar, something that didn’t belong to someone else.  As I pulled off the overalls I felt a lump in the zippered chest pocket.  I wondered how I had spent so much time studying every detail of the overalls and it never occurred to me to check the pockets.  It was one of those moments you’re glad to have no one else to share it with.  A little embarrassed, I pulled out what appeared to be a page torn from a notebook.
I unfolded the paper and read the simple note.  “You did well.  We will be watching out for you.  You don’t need a doctor.  The dizzy spells will pass.  Eat big meals and drink lots’ of water.”  I imagined someone carefully penning these words in hopes of reassuring me.  It had quite the opposite affect.  The right corner of my mouth twitched up, a sign of my frustration.  What did I do well at?  Who were these people who were watching out for me, and what did they mean by that?  How could they know I didn’t need a doctor?  Eat and drink?  Why did they think anyone needed to be told to eat and drink?  Oddly enough, at that point it hadn’t occurred to me to wonder, who dressed me, and why someone had decided I needed overalls.  I would have liked to say I seized upon those questions and began to explore the possibilities.  However, I had suddenly grown ravenous and very thirsty.  I headed to the kitchen.
I went through the kitchen looking for quick and easy.  I grabbed the eggs, a package of mild cheddar cheese and a package of bacon.  I also reached for the milk, but when I took the cap off of the jug, it smelled wrong.  I didn’t have any orange juice, so I just poured a big glass of cold water.  I wolfed down six eggs I had scrambled with cheese sprinkled liberally over them, the entire package of bacon I had fried and washed the meal down with four glasses of water.  I was barely able to stumble back to the bedroom before I simply passed out.
I woke up again before dinner and phoned in an order of two large pizzas with two liters of coke, delivered to my door.  I always drank coke with my pizza.  It never seems like I’m really having pizza unless I’m drinking coke.  The two just go together.  Yet for some reason the coke just wasn’t working for me.  I took one sip and set it aside.  Instead I grabbed the largest glass I had, filled it with ice and filled it with water from the kitchen faucet.  I devoured both pizzas, only stopping to refill my glass several times with water to wash down the second pizza. Standing up, I only made it to the couch before I passed out again.  I don’t think I dreamed at all.
When I woke up for the third time that day, it was dark outside.  I had slept through dinner, but it was no real surprise to me that I wasn’t hungry.  I stepped outside into my backyard and sat on the patio, considering the strange night I had last night, and what it all meant.  I must have fallen asleep on the patio, because the next thing I knew, I was dreaming again.  It was obviously a dream because no one could run as fast as I was moving.  I gave myself over to the dream.
Three

I wasn’t running so much as bounding through the forest.  I thought I recognized the woods from the route I drove to get on the interstate from my house.  I had never entered these woods before that I was aware of.  It was two miles from where I lived but from what I understood, you could get there by walking through a park my neighborhood bordered.  It was so exhilarating, moving fast yet not tired or even really exerting myself.  It seemed as if I was flying just over the surface of the ground, the air rushing past my face as I moved more gracefully than any professional athlete could dream of.  At first, I didn’t even realize why I was running.  The simple fact that I was running was all I really needed.  I leaped over a creek I had heard gurgling through the underbrush and slipped through the mist building up on the other side.  It felt as if the forest had been built for me, as though I had never been alive before this moment.  I understood the forest, how it interconnected and why it had grown the way it had.  The rolling hills beckoned me to run ever farther and to explore promises of even greater wonders.  I danced with the mighty oak trees, rubbed up against pine trees as the sound of my movements disappeared upon the quieting carpet of pine needles.  I was the mightiest hunter to ever stalk the forest.  I was the shadow running through the forest that no one could see.  I was the moonlight gliding across the hills without a sound.  I belonged in that moment as I had never belonged anywhere before.  
As I reveled in my stealth, a sound more beautiful than any I had ever heard rolled across the starry night towards me.  A lone howl that bore an invitation every part of me responded to.  I needed that.  I was not truly sure what the promise was, what I was invited to, but I knew I needed it.  My body checked itself from the direction I had been moving and homed in on this new direction in one fluid movement of grace and raw strength.  As I heard the second howl I ran faster with a purpose I had not possessed earlier in my run.  I had never howled in my life until last night.  Not even howling with laughter.  However, erupting from my throat was an answering howl that pierced the night and joined the second howl I heard before it had a chance to die. Behind me and to the distant left I heard another voice calling out, joined by a third that was the closest, behind me and to the right.  With a sense of urgency that I must be the first one to make contact, I pressed myself to run even faster and for the first time felt the strain of pushing my body harder than it could comfortably maintain.  Yet the prize was growing closer and it seemed as though the others were falling slightly farther behind.  
The others then began to gain on me so I was pushing myself even harder when I felt the first cramps.  They threw me off stride but I resolved to run through it.  She was howling again, I wondered why I knew the voice was female, but never slowed from my race to get to her first.  The cramps hit me again and I became nauseous with even the smell of my own sweat making my stomach roll.  I was stumbling, losing control but I refused to slow down when a wave of vertigo hit me.  I think I threw up but instead of rolling into a heap of tangled arms and legs I suddenly moved into a faster, smoother pace then even before.  The two others were rapidly falling back now but I barely noticed because of the sensory overload.  I could smell her, she was the same one whose blood I had smelled last night when she had cut herself, but she wasn’t bleeding now.  Yet I could still smell her.  I could smell everything and seemed to understand what each smell was.  It was as though a switch had been thrown.  My sense of smell was incredible.  My hearing was off the charts as well.  I could hear the footsteps of the others falling away even as I could hear her feet loping casually across a meadow.  Nearby a fox pounced on a mouse.  I heard the impact and almost immediately smelt the blood.  Above me I heard the soft whisper of an owls’ wings as it glided over me and I wondered if it was the same one I had heard calling last night.  Still moving towards her, I slowed down listening to an oddness I hadn’t really noticed before.  The sound, the pattern of her playful run would change back and forth with a heavier gate where she seemed to favor one foot over the other and sometimes an easy gate that sounded like a slower version of how I was now running.  I stopped just short of the clearing and completely focused on the sounds I was hearing.  It was distracting.  One moment I heard the movements of an athletic woman who seemed to favor one foot just a little, then a soft sound I just couldn’t identify which was followed by a very smooth run that echoed my own movements.  I was lost in these sounds; trying to visualize them, understand them, when I realized the others were almost upon me.
I heard both of them crashing through the woods towards me.  It hadn’t seemed as though they had made so much noise earlier, I suppose they may have been farther away than I had previously thought.  Still, it was obvious they knew where I was and had no fear of me.  I smiled.  I was unafraid and looked forward to teaching them why they should fear me.  I silently glided to the right of the one nearest me and kind of crouched behind a tree to pounce upon him.  I thought of the fox and mouse I had heard and smelled earlier.  Now I was the fox, only bigger, smarter and stronger.  I felt my foe was only slightly smarter than the mouse, but I could tell he was at least my size from the sound of his steps.  He was moving along in a manner that would present him perfectly to me from my vantage point.  I quivered in anticipation.  Just as he came into view I leaped on him, or at least I started to.  I’m not really sure what I saw, because just as he came into view I leaped and then there was a bright flash.
I don’t remember anything after that.  Except my head hurt when I woke up in my backyard, again.  Wearing another set of overalls I didn’t own, again.  Feeling really woozy, hungry, thirsty and tired, again.  Almost dreading it, I reached into the zippered pocket of the overalls and felt yet another folded paper.  I had no doubt that I had another note from my new friends, the ones with all the overalls.  I dreaded it.  The words on the page blurred in and out as I concentrated through a pounding headache to read it.  Like the previous note, this one got straight to the point.  ‘Eat large meals, drink lots of water and sleep,’ they wrote.  The right edge of my mouth twitched up as I wondered, was this note from all of them or did just one of them write it?  Would the one who had written the note be in trouble if the others had known about the note?  Did I have one friend or a group of them?  Well, I thought, I might have no friends since I didn’t really know what they were up to.   I returned to reading the note.  ‘You don’t need a doctor.’ I felt rather stupid about that.  I wondered why I hadn’t seen a doctor already.  It seemed fairly apparent I needed help.  I looked at the handwriting on the note much closer, noting the curves and flow of the letters written in longhand.  No, no way I could have written the note while I was temporarily crazy.  Nothing about it looked like my writing.  I realized the note looked decidedly like a woman wrote it.   The letters scribed with such a meticulous flowing pattern.  I would have to be stupid to not get some medical attention immediately.  However, I decided to finish reading the note first.  ‘If you go for medical attention they will think you’re crazy and detain you.’  That got my attention.  How would I explain being locked up in a mental institution?  I would lose my job and everything I had worked for.  I thought about this and then decided perhaps I could just say I hadn’t been sleeping well and was feeling rundown.  No need to bring up the crazy stuff, just get a battery of tests run on me.  I read on, ‘Even medical tests might cause problems with questions you won’t be able to answer.  As a result, you are being watched.  Any attempt to get medical attention could present a great danger to the rest of us.  We would have to put you down if you made any such attempt.’  Put me down?  Oh, they’re going to kill me if I try to get help.  Oddly, that didn’t startle me.  Instead, it made sense to me on some level.  The note said more, but I had to put it back in my pocket.  Well, into someone’s pocket.  They weren’t my overalls.   I needed to get inside and get something to drink, and something to eat.
The move from the backyard to the kitchen was a little easier this time.  No one seemed to have noticed me, and I seemed a little steadier on my feet.  It felt good to be out of the sunlight and my eyes adjusted to the difference in light so fast I almost didn’t realize it had happened.  I suppose if I had thought about it, I would have been surprised.  I headed straight to the kitchen sink and turned the cold water on.  Sticking my head under the faucet I gulped water for several minutes.  I’m not sure where it all went but it was obvious that I needed it.  I finished and sat down at the kitchen table.  My head was clearing rapidly and as it did so I realized how hungry I was.  Pizza didn’t appeal to me and nothing in the kitchen did either.  There was a supermarket nearby and so I decided I should make a quick trip.  I was already dressed in overalls, so I just grabbed my wallet, my keys and headed out to the truck.
The drive to the supermarket was quick and I didn’t even slow down to lock my truck door.  I grabbed a cart from the parking lot and headed in.  Why are there always so many carts in the parking lot and never any in the cart return?  I was moving fast because I was so incredibly hungry.  I went straight to the meat department where the precooked hams were kept and threw four of the largest into my cart.  On the way to the cashier I saw some French rolls and threw in six boxes of those.  I had only been in the supermarket for about five minutes when I wheeled up to the cashier.  She seemed a little odd, looking everywhere but at me as she rang me up.  She said nothing to me except to tell me my purchases came to ninety-seven dollars and forty-three cents.  I paid her and was still looking at her trying to figure out what was wrong when I heard a man clear his throat.  I turned and saw a man with a tag that had printed in large letters, ‘manager’ on it, with ‘Larry’ printed by hand under it.  Larry looked like he wanted to crawl away and hide.  However, something inside of Larry that was made of sterner stuff then what his expression told, held him in place.  “Sir”, he said as he looked severely at the vending machine next to me, avoiding all eye contact.  “I will have to ask you not to return to our store unless you are properly attired.  We insist on shirts, pants and shoes.”  My head tilted like a puppy’s.  As the manager saw my confused face I began an inventory.  My hand went to my shirt.  Yep, I thought so, no shirt, still someone else’s overalls.  Then in a rush I reached for my pants as I relived the common childhood nightmare of being out and having forgotten my pants.  I was so relieved to feel my waistline covered with the overalls, even if they weren’t mine.  I looked down at my feet.  My feet weren’t ugly.  However, they were obviously bare.  I apologized to the man who was still staring firmly at the vending machine and pushed my buggy past him as I made a beeline to my truck.
Upon arriving home I just got inside before tearing into the first ham.  I ate about a third of it before I stopped.  I would have been embarrassed if someone else had seen me.  Maybe.  I just know I was hungry to the point that I would have eaten almost anything, but that the ham seemed to be what I needed.  I could almost feel my body sucking up the protein and to be honest there really wasn’t enough chewing going on before I swallowed.  Mrs. Manners would have been appalled.  My hunger was sated to the point that I realized I was thirsty, and so I repeated the head under the kitchen faucet trick again.  I polished off a box of French rolls and was just able to put the rest of the first ham and the other hams into the fridge before I sank down on the couch.  I slept until nightfall and awoke to the sound of my doorbell.
I opened the door to see two police officers staring back at me.  “Mr. John Norville?” he asked.  There seemed to be little point to deny it since I was the only one home.  “Yes, officer, that’s me.” I said.  The officer closest to the door looked at me sternly, directly at me unlike Larry the Manager.  “We have had reports that you are sleeping in your back yard.  The neighbors have been complaining.”  I looked back at the officer and replied, “I have nodded off in my backyard while enjoying the stars on occasion.  Tell me,” I asked, “Am I breaking any laws?”    The officer looked uncertainly at his partner and said, “Well, no sir, as long as you’re not drunk or disturbing the peace.”  I smiled and said, “Trust me officer, I’m not disturbing the peace, I’m enjoying it.”  The officer told me to have a nice evening and they both returned to their patrol car.  I suppose they were just checking to see if I was already drunk.  I hoped they didn’t return early in the morning.  That could become difficult to explain.  I really hoped no one had been reporting stolen overalls.  That would be more awkward to explain.
Gently closing the front door to my home, I pondered what the night might bring.  It was with a mixture of hope and fear.  Would I wake up in the backyard yet again?  What would I learn of this strange journey that I had somehow become immersed in?
I spent the remainder of the evening thinking about what I did know of what had happened to me last night.  To be honest, I didn’t really know much.  I knew that I had memories that seemed more like dreams.  I would have accepted them as dreams.  However, I would have had to accept that I was also sleepwalking.  That someone who owned enough overalls to give them away was enjoying messing with me enough to take the time to dress me in said overalls and leave notes in the pockets.  The hole in that theory was, how someone else could know what I was dreaming.  So scratch theory number one.  Next theory, I had lost my mind and for some reason while experiencing wild hallucinations during the night I was also stealing overalls and leaving notes to myself.  I thought that unlikely, but possible.  Still, that did not explain the sudden ramp up of my metabolism.  My metabolism had gone off the charts.  It was the only thing that could explain the large amounts of food and water I was going through while my bowel movements hadn’t changed at all.  I wasn’t just eating those calories.  I was burning them up.  Theory number two was no longer feasible.  So what did that leave?  I suppose I could be the victim of some clandestine government experiment.  Sure, that was probably it.  The government was running experiments on random civilians in hopes of determining if a program had any hopes of producing viable results.  I saw no point in wasting any more time on that train of thought.  That really left only one possibility.  Something had happened to me that caused my body’s metabolism to speed up beyond anything I had ever heard of.  I had nothing to go on to explain that, I would just have to file that away as a fact to accept for now.  I was going outside of my home at night.  I couldn’t prove where or for how long, but I was waking up in my backyard in the morning.  So I had exited my home.  At least one other person was aware of what I was doing and appeared to know more about what was happening to me than I did.  Two people, because I had two notes with different handwriting.  That explained the notes.  The overalls, what explained those?  I slept in just my underpants.  I hadn’t counted my underpants, but I don’t think I was missing any.  Both mornings I had woken up in overalls, I was also wearing underwear.  So why was I waking up in overalls?  Where had I been and why was someone dressing me in overalls?  I guess it kept the neighbors from calling the police, well OK, actually it hadn’t.  So, I had two pair of overalls that weren’t mine and I had no real idea why.  That pretty summed up what I knew.  It didn’t seem like very much, but at least I was taking inventory and trying to take some control over what was happening instead of just going along for the ride.  Now, what could I do with what I had so far?
It was nearing the time I usually went to sleep and I had only come up with one idea to learn more about what was going on.  I had no idea if it would work, but it seemed like the only viable option I had at the moment.  So I found myself carefully writing out a note, ‘What is happening to me, and can you put me back inside my house so the neighbors don’t call the cops again?’  I placed it in a plastic sandwich bag along with my spare key for the back door, tying it to a necklace I now wore.  I thought it was going to be very hard to go to sleep tonight.  I couldn’t wait to see if my simple question would be answered, if I could establish two-way communications with the phantom of the overalls.  Also, I worried about showing up for work, since tomorrow was Monday.  Oddly, it appeared that I fell asleep almost immediately because that was the last normal thing I remembered that night.

Four

The sound of falling rain awoke me.  Beating upon my bedroom window as if trying to break through and drown me.  Lightning flashed, turning my dark bedroom into bright day for a brief second and a few moments later the sound of thunder seemed to shake my whole house.  I sat up and took a deep breath.  I could smell, I could even taste the storm.  I closed my eyes and surrendered to the storm, feeling it call to me.  It felt so strange and exciting to just let myself sink into the storm.  I had always hated storms for their intrusions upon my life.  They made traffic run slow, got my clothes wet and sometimes knocked out power.  Inconvenient, messy, uncontrolled outbursts of nature inflicted upon civilized men.  Yet for some reason tonight I was excited by the storm.  I wanted to be the storm.  I realized it wasn’t enough to just experience it from inside the house and so made my way to the back door.  I smiled as I opened my door.  I suddenly realized the door didn’t protect me from what was outside, but rather kept me isolated from the world.  Enclosing me in a place that was less than what I desired.  I kept the lights off so I wouldn’t be seen as I stepped out into the rain.
The rain hitting my skin didn’t chill, it invigorated me as it washed away any smell of what I had been.  I turned to look back at my house and realized it didn’t feel like home anymore.  It felt false, as though it was just a fragile shell of something I had once thought I wanted.  It wasn’t even real to me.  The night was.  The pull I felt from the nearby woods was.  The promises the storm was making to me were very real, as I tasted the rain upon my lips.  I felt something sticking to my chest, a piece of plastic on a chain.  I reached up to tear it off me when the lightening flashed across the sky and made beautiful reflections on the plastic.  It was a treasure I would keep.  I heard the wind rushing through the trees and began to run to the familiar place of my dreams.  As I ran, what I was began to disappear into the night, as I became something so much more alive.
I was back in the woods.  My woods.  I leaped over rushing streams that had been babbling little brooks on other nights.  The wind played with the treetops, pulling them this way and that as it made a howling sound across the boughs.  Lightning flashed, freezing the moment in time and I howled as the rain ran down my face.  The storm was part of a huge cold front and I felt as though I was part of it as it moved past so very slowly.  What I had been would have been pushed around by the wind and battered by the rain, alarmed by the thunder and lightning.  What I was felt like a part of the wind, washed clean by the rain and serenaded by the thunder as the lightning lit my path.  I was a child of the storm and its’ brute strength excited me, egged me on to run faster, jump higher as I cavorted and tumbled to a private concert played out by nature in its rawest form.  I was alive in a way I had never felt before.  I knew because even as I danced within the storm, I remembered who I had been.  I was new, wonderful and different, yet this time I kept all of my memories from what I was.  Whereas before I was a dichotomy of two entities striving to reach across and destroy each other, I was becoming more.  A tenuous bridge had been established and I saw promise in that.  If both could become one, I felt as though it would enable a synergy and create something even more incredible than I was now.  The door had been opened and I would never again be satisfied by anything less than what I could be.  I knew then that I would travel any path and risk everything to continue this new life.  I had to have more.  
After several more hours the storm waned, leaving behind broken limbs and swollen streams glistening in the occasional glimpses of moonlight through the clouds.  At some point I had stopped running and at times even dancing in the storm and I now found myself moving stealthily, ever so slowly, towards the meadow I had found on my first night of these changes.  That scent, promises made and then broken.  It still pained me, although I was still not clear as to what my actual intent had been.  I remembered that scent.  I would never forget it.  I loved it.  I recalled throwing myself completely into the moment.  Losing myself into the call, the need which that scent demanded of me.  I felt that need with a pang of something unfulfilled that should have been.  I wondered why it had been denied to me, who had denied it to me.  I realized this was new, being what I had now become yet still able to ponder such matters rather than simply reacting physically to them.  I thought of that first night and was able to play it back with incredible detail such as I had never experienced before.  It was like I imagined someone with photographic memory would be able to do.  I could fast forward to any moment and then pause to examine it in detail, complete with sound and touch.  As I played it back I realized that there were two others running through the woods following me throughout that first night.  They had always stayed far enough back that only a few noises indicated their presence.  However, they had been there from the beginning of that first night up to when they broke out into the clearing and one of them had clubbed me.  That last second I could catch two blurs that seemed to have red hair.  The first real clue I had so far.  Red heads.  They were always trouble from my experience.  I ran forward through my memory and less than a second later it went black.  No wonder I didn’t remember anything.  From noticing something was there to knockout was only about a second.  That was wicked fast and I was trying to get my head wrapped around that while still not turning loose of the intimacy I currently had with the night, the recent storm and the woods I was in.  I could feel it.  There was something more to be had, if I just knew where to look.  I had looked at everything in my new memory trick, and then listened to the playback.  Nothing, I could find nothing else.  Look, listen, touch?  No, touch hadn’t really changed.  Smell!  Could I remember the smells?  I hadn’t even tried.  I played back my memories once again, this time thinking about the smells, and I smelled.  If I thought about it, I could remember the smells.  Then I found what I was looking for, another piece to the puzzle I was working on.  I could smell the two who had been following me, but it was odd.  Separate sounds, separate blurs just before I blacked out, but it was almost as if I was only smelling one.  I could detect just a vague hint of something different.  It was basically one smell.  How could this be?  I worried this small bit of information but as much as it concerned me, I just couldn’t understand what was going on with that smell.
I returned to the present and decided to head back towards the meadow of that first night.  I felt as though if I could learn more about the others, I would come closer to understanding what I was becoming.  I was picking up speed and moving faster then anyone had the right to be moving when I remembered how my two previous outings had ended.  I got lost in my new improved senses and physical capabilities then BAM!  Lights out.  I decided I probably wasn’t alone now either.  Springing up I grasped a branch above me and quickly pulled myself up and became still.  I could hear them, two people moving behind me and to either side.  They seemed to hesitate as I sat still.  Then, slowly, I could hear them making their way to my position.  I needed to see if they would converge on me or assume I was still moving in the direction I had been.
At first it seemed as though they might pass directly under me.  They had obviously lost any indication I was still moving.  I could still hear them.  They were moving much slower and had drifted a little closer together.  I imagined close enough to be within eyesight of each other.  About twenty yards from the tree I was in they seemed to come to a complete stop as though sensing I was nearby.  I suddenly felt very naked, exposed, in the branches of the tree.  I was too close to the trunk and so was offered little protection from observation from below.  I knew I had to be still, because I sensed any movement would betray my location to the others.  Finally, just before I relented and was going to try to maneuver so I could see behind me, I heard movement again.  I was relieved to hear them spreading farther apart and moving on towards the meadow.  The one behind me and to the right seemed the closest, so I strained to catch anything in my peripheral vision from that direction.  I was rewarded with a mostly hidden by the vegetation between us glimpse of someone with red hair moving swiftly but cautiously through the undergrowth of the woods.  I could tell he was big, over six feet tall.  However, that’s all I got from that brief image.  Almost before I registered his form he had disappeared from my view.  The sounds they made as the moved forward were quickly fading and so as gently as possible I slid out from the tree and dropped almost noiselessly to the ground.  I smiled, as I became the hunter instead of the hunted.  I knew we were moving towards the meadow so I allowed them to gain a little more distance from me, as I paid more attention to moving silently as I headed in the same direction.  I felt a quivering generated from deep inside as I surrendered myself to the hunt, for that is what it was.  I wasn’t sure how the hunt was supposed to end.  Were they friends or would they attack once they realized the tables had been turned on them?  Was this a game, a new kind of hide and seek, or was this more of a staking out of territories and establishing your position among the others?  Did I even really want to be a part of the others?  I simply didn’t know the answers to too many questions.  As I approached the meadow I decided to be cautious and settle for just observing the situation rather than trying to interact with the others.  It would be better to learn more before exposing myself to the unknown.  Accepting that as my best course of action, I slipped back more completely into what I had become.
The softened ground became a mask for my feet to move upon, I made no sounds at all and was amused that the two in front of me managed to still make an occasional noise in their movements.  I was more deadly than they, simply because they made so much more noise.  I took a smug satisfaction in the knowledge that they accepted I had continued towards the meadow and had no idea I was now stalking them.  The night was my cloak and I took comfort in being able to wrap it around me.  I slipped from moonbeam to moonbeam and every trace of light dripped off of me like water from a ducks back.  Even the woods lost track of me, it was as though I was at most an old dream faded into nonexistence, peering through the fog of the dream world into the woods of this night.  The others took on the aspect of bumbling amateurs and I felt as though they were mine to do with as I wished.  I had left the world upon which they existed and my grasp upon their world became as a tendril of mist winding along the course of a small stream.  Somehow I began to feel as though I was slipping too far away and would not be able to return to the actual woods I had begun my night in.  As the fear took root it felt as though I was ripped through a mirror and deposited into the world I had started in.  It was sudden and ruthless as I shifted from the master of all I beheld into just one creature of the night among many.  I took a sharp breath as I tried not to lose my equilibrium and then the world stopped spinning around me.  I found myself at the edge of the meadow, concealed by some bushes that rose almost to the branches of the tree behind me.  I could see the backs of two large men as they stood in the meadow facing the woods opposite of me.  I could tell they believed I had moved across the meadow ahead of them and into the safety of the woods again.  A small breeze carried the scent of two who were almost one.  Twins!  That’s why the smell was so close to being just one person.  I almost laughed as my mind pronounced it an obvious truth.  I knew it to be so and pondered if that meant anything else.  Did that mean they had any advantage on me?  The simple numbers of two against one did not occur to me as a problem.  I knew one of the two would be dominant.  I had only to beat that one and there would be no question of my authority.  I didn’t understand what my authority was or why this was true, I simply knew it as truth.  Still, it was important to understand who the alpha was, so my back wouldn’t be turned to him during a confrontation.
I watched them closely, trying to pick out any detail that would help me distinguish between the two of them, but they worked without communication.  They seemed almost in synch without making any noticeable effort.  They simply understood what needed to be done and each seemed to know their part in accomplishing it.  They slowly looked in opposite directions completely trusting in the other to survey his part of the woods looking for a threat.  Looking for me, I realized.  By losing me, they had allowed me to become a threat.  I continued to dig for any detail to differentiate between the two.  One had slightly lighter red hair.  I finally saw a hand movement from the darker haired one motioning the other to move left as he moved right, keeping his right side, his strong side, to the woods.  This was the one in charge, the leader.  The one I had to confront to establish my dominance.
Slowly, I moved to my right to intersect the darker haired one.  I wanted to challenge him while the other was as far away as possible, in case I was wrong.  I couldn’t help but grin as I moved towards him.  I was going to let him get past me and then strike from behind.  He would be the one waking up on the ground this morning.  A little payback was going to really feel good.  Again I began to slip further into what I had become and I moved silently through the woods to the point I had picked for my ambush.  I would easily get there before he did and have time to settle down out of sight.  I didn’t need sight.  I would simply use the sounds of his passing to let me know when to strike.  I took up my position just deep enough in the woods that I was completely hidden.  I could hear his approach and could tell I had about two minutes before he got to my position.  I sat there in anticipation of laying out the guy who had been dropping me the last few nights.  I could imagine his shock when he woke up later, realizing what had happened.  I inhaled the beautiful night air and was surprised by the scent from that first night.  It was all around me and left me confused.  I wanted to take down the one headed towards me, but the scent was demanding.  I finally gave in to my needs and began to turn towards the scent.  I never made it.  Instead there was a bright light and then total darkness.  Again.    

Five
Insanity, it is said, is repeating the same action, over and over again, hoping for a different outcome.  Fortunately, I wasn’t insane.  I had taken time to write a note to the people who owned so many overalls.  I woke up rather comfortably, spread out on the carpet in my home.  I was wearing yet another pair of overalls.  In the pocket was a piece of paper with a phone number scrawled on it.  I wanted to call it right away, but already knew the drill.  Eat and drink first, pass out, then catch up.  I still had a ham left in the refrigerator and I pulled it out.  I grabbed a quart of orange juice and a gallon of water as well.  I put it down fast and phoned work to call in sick.  Then I staggered to the bedroom where I fell down on my bed.  I may have been asleep before I hit the mattress.  I didn’t wake until two in the afternoon.
I awoke and after a quick trip to the bathroom went straight to the kitchen where I had left the paper with the phone number written on it.  I stared at the hand written number on the paper.  It was black ink on a page torn from a small spiral back notebook.  It felt as though they were the matching numbers to a lottery.  I fantasized about all the things this number could mean to me.  I decided I should put together a list of questions I should ask in order of their importance, since I couldn’t rely on someone being willing to answer every question I had.  I didn’t want to waste a chance like this.  Number one on my list was what was happening to me.  Number two, who were these people that seemed to be helping me.  Somewhere along the list was also included the request, could they stop knocking me out, and what I should do with all the overalls I had accumulated.  I went through the list several times before I made my call.  I will admit my hands were shaking a little as I dialed the number.  I was about to receive answers to my most burning questions about what was happening to me.  These changes seemed to herald what was the biggest change in my life I had ever encountered and so I was understandably concerned that I had all of my questions covered.  I picked up the phone and dialed the number I had been given.  The phone at the other end of my call began to ring.  A deep voice answered, saying, “We’ve been waiting for your call.”  Before I could say anything the man continued, “You have embraced certain changes much faster than we expected.”  I heard some whispering in the background and then the man cleared his throat.  “At the moment we are unable to answer any questions you may have, the purpose of this phone call is to let you know that you aren’t alone and that we have no desire to hurt you.  We also wanted to provide you with a phone number you can call in case of a medical or other type of emergency.”  I heard the man take a deep breath and then he said, “Please understand by emergency we mean a serious problem, not that you have a question you simply can’t wait to have answered.”  The monologue continued. ”To further qualify an emergency, should you believe your life is in danger because of a medical problem or a threat, call us immediately.  Anything else really isn’t an emergency, you’ve proven you’re a bright boy, so deal with it.”  The voice went on and I imagined he was reading from his own sheet of paper not unlike the one I had prepared.  My heart sank as I realized my list was not going to be brought up or considered.  At the same time I became resolute that I would memorize every detail of what I heard to dig through and learn anything I could beyond what the man I was speaking with intended.  The man went on, “We have contacted others regarding the speed in which you seem to be able to adapt to the changes you’re experiencing.  We’re awaiting a reply, sometimes they move rather slowly due to caution.  Of more importance at the moment is your job.  Your current job is going to prove impossible to keep.  You need to just use up your sick days and then quit.  I will be calling you back in a few days and our conversation will be very short.  I will need a list of monthly expenses you have that can’t be deferred.  Make the list immediately so that we know what we will have to do in order to keep you out of trouble.”  The click in my ear told me the conversation was over.  I was disheartened over the inability to ask my questions yet overwhelmed by the implications of what had been said.
I had three sick days left.  I had a car payment, the rent and utilities for the house, grocery bills and a credit card with less than $150 owed on it.  I had enough in my savings to pay off the card and decided I would so I wouldn’t need to mention it during my next phone call.  I had chosen to live a fairly simple life, below the means of my annual income.  It would seem this choice was going to pay off.  I thought about that and wondered what it was that I was so willing to surrender myself to.  There was no doubt about complying with the demands that had been placed upon me.  The journey thus far was too delicious to turn away from.  I felt more alive than I had ever dreamed of being.  It was like living your whole life in shades of gray and then suddenly being immersed in a world of color.  I wrote my simple list down in case something unexpected happened during the conversation when the man called back.  Would it even be a conversation?  I wondered about how the next phone call might go.  Then I started thinking about what had been said and committed the details to memory.  For some reason, I felt writing down the notes might have been disapproved on by these other people.  Sitting back in my overstuffed chair in my den, with the curtains drawn for privacy, I began to review what I had learned as the rest of the world dropped away.
“We’ve been waiting for your call.”  The man had said.  Also, I had heard other voices in the background during the call.  The man had also said, “We have contacted others.”  I felt this implied that his group had contacted a larger group.  So I believed there existed a smaller group of these people in my local area, and a larger group that might also be in the local area.  However, I felt perhaps the larger group was elsewhere.  Maybe that was because of the delay of a reply from the larger group.  Perhaps it was because I sensed a lack of belonging when the man spoke of contacting others.  It was a feeling of being lost in the maze of corporate entities, rather like a wholly owned subsidiary of a larger corporation and it smelled of red tape and obligatory submission to an authority located elsewhere.  I decided I liked the little group that had found me much better than the others from somewhere else.  So, whatever was going on, involved enough people that it was spread out geographically.  I laughed to myself and wondered if I would be offered the chance to become a card-carrying member.  I turned to another point made.  The man had said they, meaning I take it the little local group, had no desire to hurt me.  Yet, he had taken the time to explain that an example of an emergency was if I felt my life was in danger.  The undertones made me feel this meant if someone or something appeared to be a threat to my life, because he had already used a medical emergency as a separate reason to call the phone number.  What, or who, did I have to fear?  Were there other groups who did not feel friendly to me?  Were there other people who had my newfound abilities that saw me as a threat to be taken out before I understood what was happening?  I would have thought someone who cared about my well-being could have spent a little more time on this.  Who or what did I need to be concerned about?  How could I identify a threat when I didn’t even really understand what was going on with me?  Whatever was going on with me, it appeared I was a star pupil.  The local group had contacted the other group because of how fast I was adapting.  I really had nothing to measure that against.  What did they mean by adapting?  Was it because I could run real fast, or because of my incredible sense of smell?  After all, I was the one getting knocked out every night.  Which was getting really old.  If I were so good, you would think that I would be doing some of the knocking out.  The last two things were rather odd.  I laughed at that, everything about my life had become decidedly odd.  Still, I had been told to use up my sick leave and then quit my job.  Also, I had been told to compile a list of my necessary expenses.  As for the job, I had already understood, I was going to have to find a cure to my nocturnal activities or quit.  I had called in sick this morning and I could tell they weren’t thrilled.  I imagine any call in to work reporting you’re sick on a Monday is highly suspect.  On the other hand, I had never called in sick before, and I had been working there for over three years.  I don’t think there was really much they could say about me taking a sick day.  That still left the matter of necessary expenses.  Did these guys have a job placement program for things that went bump in the night?  Did they need to know my salary requirements in order to place me with the right employer?  Obviously I wasn’t going to be given a chance to negotiate if that was the purpose of those questions.  They were going to make me an offer I couldn’t refuse, I thought in my best mobster impersonation voice.  Which really sounded like someone who needed a glass of water.  Hey, we are what we are, right?  I wasn’t known for my witty impersonations, just my weird sense of humor.  Still, I felt as though I had covered everything I had learned from the phone call I had made.  I was ready with the information that had been requested.  So I could just relax now and see how the rest of the day unfolded.
I wasn’t doing well with the relaxing thing.  Definitely not relaxing at all.  Less than fifteen minutes into it I decided to give up.  I needed to be moving, doing something.  I decided to go grocery shopping as I was running low on hams.  Who runs low on hams?  A restaurant?  Still, I had one ham left and thought it would be wise to buy two more.  I could pick up a couple of gallons of distilled water and a few loaves of French bread while I was at it.  I got to the front door and then did a quick check.  I had shirt, pants, shoes and wallet.  Feeling adequately prepared I grabbed my keys and headed out to my truck.  I was off into the ebb and flow of traffic and my drive to the grocery store was uneventful, mostly done on automatic.  I got a strange look from the manager as I walked in but as soon as he glanced down at my feet and saw I had shoes on he lost interest in me.  I grabbed a cart and got to work.  I went straight to the meat section and bought two more hams.  I had always liked ham anyway, just not in the quantities I had been eating lately.  I grabbed four gallons of filtered water and then headed over to the frozen section where I picked up six frozen deluxe meat pizzas.  I thought about getting some coke but again it just felt wrong.  Really odd, because I just knew that coke goes with pizza.  For some reason, as I was walking past the rice I grabbed two boxes of brown rice, because that did feel right.  Last stop was the fresh bread section and I loaded up on French bread.  This time as I went through the cash register I got a polite yet impersonal smile from the cashier.  I paid up and headed towards my truck to load up my groceries and get back home.  I was pushing the cart back to the return stall in the parking lot, because I’m a nice guy, when out of the corner of my eye I saw a car barreling down toward me.  I moved quickly, much faster than I should have been able to but still not fast enough.  I felt the right fender hit my lower leg and heard it break.  Worse, much worse, I felt it break.  The guy just kept going like it never even happened as I hit the ground.  It hurt badly, but then it got really hot and I felt my leg doing funny things.  It was the craziest thing, but I knew it had healed.  The manager came running out from the grocery store saying he saw the whole thing and that the car didn’t have a license plate on it.  He also quickly told me the grocery store was not at fault.  The kid who had been on the way out to collect the carts seemed to actually care.  He asked if I was OK, because it had looked to him like my leg had bent at an impossible angle.  He almost lost it when I started to stand up, actually putting a hand on me to restrain me.  It dropped away and his face registered shock as I calmly stood up and told him I was OK.  He started to say, ”But”, when the manager cut him off and said, “Leave him alone, he said he’s fine!”  Then he added, “Get those carts back into the store and quit loafing off or you’re fired.”  He glanced at me and said, “Well, since you’re not hurt I will get back to work.  If you file a police report I will be glad to let them know about the missing license plate.”  With that he turned and scurried off as quickly as he could.  I walked to my car, still in shock.  How was my leg not broken?  I knew it had been broken.  Also, why was I so hungry?  I opened a loaf of French bread and ate that while I was driving, sipping water straight from a gallon jug of water.  Both had been finished off before I had returned home.  I took the groceries straight in and demolished most of another ham and more water.  Only after I had eaten, did I put the pizzas up.  I must have eaten fast, because there was still ice on the pizza boxes when I put them in the freezer.  I walked into the den and as I dropped into the chair I knew it was time for a nap.  Sometime later, the phone woke me up.
I snatched up the phone and mumbled “Hello?” into it as I tried to wake up from a deep sleep that wasn’t really done with me yet.  “This is”, I had started when I was interrupted.  “I know who this is, what I don’t know is why you haven’t called me yet.”  I heard.  It was the man from earlier, from the small group.  “I don’t understand.”  I said.  “You told me to not call you unless I felt my life was threatened.”  There was a pause, “And which part of being run over by a car didn’t register as being a threat to your life?”  He asked.  I answered, “I really thought it was just an accident, he barely got me and then it wasn’t like he tried to back up and finish the job.”  He rattled off in quick succession, “So, did anyone else notice your leg got broken?  How is your leg now?”  I slowed down and answered carefully, “The leg healed in about ten-seconds, and the kid who was rounding up the carts thought it had been broken but I told him I was OK and he believed me when I stood up.” Then I quickly added, “How did I heal so fast and how did you know about it?”  The other end of the phone got very quiet.  After a bit, the answer came back sounding rather resigned.  “You’re moving along faster than anything we’ve seen before.  Did you get really hot while you healed?”  I replied, “Just my leg.”  “Just your leg?” he repeated.  “No where else at all?”  He sounded surprised.  “No,” I said, “just my leg got really hot.”  Again, he got quiet and I took advantage of it.  “So how did you know about all of this?” I asked again.  “Look,” he replied, “let that go for a minute.  Did you put that list together I asked you about earlier?”  “I did,” I replied.  “I pay $865 a month for rent, $328 a month on my car and I have a credit card I owe a bout $150 on.  Then there are utilities and my grocery bill seems to be spiraling out of control.”  “OK,” the man said.  “We’ve handled a lot worse than that before.  Here is what’s going to happen.  We’re going to be moving you first thing in the morning so we can keep you alive.  Obviously someone who knows about you already feels that you’re a threat.  I need you to call in to work in the morning and tell them you quit so we can tie up that loose end.  Pack up enough clothes for a week, anything that has special meaning to you that you can’t lose that will fit in a backpack, and bring your overalls.” he continued.  “I don’t have a backpack.” I said.  “One will be dropped off for you, don’t worry about that.  The important thing is that everything fit easily into your truck and no more than two suitcases and the backpack.  You have to be able to carry everything on your own.”  “What about?” I began to ask to the sound of dial tone.  The man had already hung up.  What had I gotten into?
I had gotten to the point of no return much faster than I thought would happen.  It was time to make a decision that I felt strongly would not be something I could change later.  What was it going to be?  I could just walk away from my life and embrace the hints of the new one I could have.  Well, not could have.  I already did have.  There was that leg- healing thing that really couldn’t be ignored.  I was already something very different then what I had been.  No use pretending I was the same John Norville I was a week ago.  He was long since gone and I didn’t lament his passing.  He had just been a tooth on the cog of someone else’s world.  No real dreams or plans.  Just work and save so that one day I could be comfortable, whatever that meant.  I wondered what my family would think.  We were not very close.  Mom and Dad led very private lives.  They never seemed to be hurting for money, but besides being very strict disciplinarians, they didn’t get very involved with my life.  It seemed as if it was a relief to them when I left for college and although they paid for my courses there was no pretense in my coming home for summer breaks.  I finished college in three years with a degree in accounting.  I found a job and then never looked back.  So really, I already knew what I was going to do.  I was just running through my mind making sure I hadn’t forgotten anything, kind of like making sure you hadn’t left the water running before taking a vacation trip.  Except, I wasn’t coming back.  That was already obvious to me.  I didn’t really care either.  I had just traded in a life of nothing for a life filled with exciting possibilities.  As I considered the ramifications of my choice the phone rang again.  The man said, “Backpack is at your backdoor.  Remember, the backpack and two suitcases you can carry by yourself, nothing more.”  With that he hung up.  I heard the click and hung up as well.  I walked to the back door and there it was.  A camouflaged backpack with an aluminum frame like a soldier would have.  It seemed to be very sturdily constructed and was obviously brand new.  I was startled to see the price tag show it had cost over $200.  Well, I thought, this outfit had some money to back up its operations.  That bode well indeed.  I spent a few hours packing.  It didn’t take long because I didn’t have much.  I packed some of my clothes, a shaving kit, toothbrush and toothpaste.  A few bars of the soap I liked and a bottle of the shampoo I preferred.  Done.  My whole life was in one suitcase, a laptop case and a backpack.  I set aside the luggage and got ready for one last night here.  Well, if it was going to be like the last few nights, not a whole lot of sleep.  I stretched out on my bed to see what the night would bring.
I awoke with a thrill.  The woods were calling and I could somehow feel that the others were nearby.  I moved quietly to the back door and stepped out into the night.  I heard a growl and quickly turned to face the threat.  As I did so I felt a blow to my head and everything went black.  No sooner had I hit the ground then I started to come to, just in time to feel the stab of a needle in my butt.  Then I blacked out for the night.
I awoke in the morning tucked in my bed with what seemed a feminine touch.  There was a note on the bedside, which I picked up and read.  ‘Sorry about last night, but for your own safety, we couldn’t have running around.’  I read.  ‘You will be in a safe place today, somewhere we feel you will be more comfortable.  Be ready to move, we will be calling you soon with directions, don’t forget to call in to work and quit.’  The note ended.  I ate a small breakfast of fried eggs and ham, along with a large glass of orange juice.  I was really eating the smallest meal I had in quite a long time, but I just wasn’t very hungry.  In fact, my body felt a little cramped and abused.  I don’t know if it was the shot they gave me or the lack of exercise last night, but something wasn’t agreeing with me.  I took time to wash the dishes and get the house in order like I was going on a trip out of town.  I thought about it, and left a light on for when it got dark again, and turned on the television with the sound up a little louder than I normally would.   I figured it would be best to keep people guessing for as much time as possible.  I brought my bags to the door and then sat down to wait until eight o’clock, when I could call work and tell them I was quitting.  That was a long fifteen minutes of boredom before it was time to call.  It felt strange, to call and say I was quitting.  Before all the recent changes in my life, I had envisioned working at the same company and working my way up into management until I retired.  Now I was throwing it all away to pursue something new and exciting with no idea of what it would mean to me long term.  I felt at odds with who I had been all of my life and at the same time, I was OK with that.  I took a deep breath and reached for the phone.  “Jenkins IT Professionals, this is Denise.”  I heard.  I replied, “Hello Denise, this is John, is Mr. Jenkins in?”  “I believe he is John, hold one.”  She said.  I heard a click and then ringing as she forwarded me to Mr. Jenkins office.  The phone was answered with a brisk, “This is Mr. Jenkins.  How can I help you?”  I hesitated for a second and then spoke, “Hello Mr. Jenkins, this is John Norville.”  “I’m sorry for the lack of a proper notice, but I’m calling to tell you I’m quitting as of today, I’ve realized I’m not a good fit for the company.”  There was no hesitation as Mr. Jenkins replied, “It sounds like your minds made up.  I see there’s no point in trying try to talk you out of it.”  He continued, “Stop by anytime today and we will have your personal belongings boxed up and waiting for you at the security desk.”  “Your final check will be deposited to the same institution we have been sending your checks to.”  With that, he hung up on me.  I wasn’t sure whether to feel relieved or outraged and so vacillated between the two for a little while.  I had just decided it was a wash when my phone rang.  As I reached for it there was a knock at the door.  I went ahead and answered the phone first.  I heard a familiar voice say, “John, don’t answer the door.  Stay away from the windows and lay down on the floor.  Stay there until I call back.”  The man hung up.
I did as I was told while my imagination ran wild.  I heard someone trying the door handle when I heard a screeching of tires and then a scuffle at my door.  The tires screeched again as an engine raced and faded into the distance, then the phone rang again.  “John,” the man said, “grab your bags, hop into your truck and drive to the animal shelter.  Once we know you aren’t being followed we will give you directions to where you will be staying.  Now go, and leave your back door unlocked.”  I jogged over to my backdoor and unlocked it.  Returning to my front door, I tossed the backpack on my shoulders, grabbed my laptop and the suitcase.  I stepped outside into the glaring sunlight; feeling like it was accusing me of something.  Locking my front door, I went to the truck and tossed everything over to the passenger side, hopped in and drove off.  I never looked back.  I was through with what I had left behind.  There was nothing but promises of a new beginning ahead of me.  Well, that and the promise that someone or some group wanted to kill me.  Let’s not forget that.  So I did glance into my rearview mirror occasionally while on my way to the animal shelter.  Not so much because I wanted to remember the past, but because I was afraid something out of my past might catch me.
The first leg of my drive was over and I was pulling into the animal shelter parking lot.  I didn’t have time to turn off the truck before my phone rang.  “John, you need to head out north on Highway 111, take exit 93 and go right.  From there you will pull into the sports bar on your right and wait in your truck until I call you again.”  With that, my caller hung up again.  I arrived at the sports bar about thirty minutes later, and this time I shut down my truck.  I waited there, wondering what would come next.  After about five minutes a beat up old truck gasped as it rolled up and practically stalled out next to the door of the sports pub.  A guy in a cowboy hat and sunglasses got out.  He didn’t even look my way as he got out and went into the pub.  I waited about twenty more minutes before I got my call.  “OK, pay attention.  Get your truck started and get ready to roll out.  In a moment the man you watched pull up is going to come out and leave.  Follow him to where he is going but when he stops don’t get out of your truck.”  He continued.   “He’s going to go inside to take care of a few things.  After he comes out and leaves you may go in and get comfortable, it will be home for a while.  Don’t try to contact the gentleman at anytime.”  He finished with, “Let him go, he’s already done enough for you, trust me.”  Again I was hung up on.  I started to wonder if I could get a good deal on a phone just for listening, as it seemed that was all I was doing lately.  Still, it was exciting to be so close to the next step in my adventure.  I was reflecting on that when the man in the cowboy hat came out carrying a bag and hopped up into his truck.  It took a few tries, but he got the truck started and pulled out of the parking lot.  I put my truck in drive and followed him.  After a while it became obvious why I was following him.  This wasn’t an easy place to find and most of the roads I turned on had no signs to label them.  Finally we turned down a one-lane dirt road, which weaved around some trees, over a dry creek bed and then to what was a nice sized log cabin nestled into the woods.  The woods felt very comfortable, even welcoming to me.  The man pulled right so I could see his left hand point at the ground and I took the hint and came to a stop.  He pulled up to the cabin and then made several trips from the truck to the cabin carrying bags in.  Then he got back into the truck and drove past me, tipping his hat as he drove by.  I had to smile at that.  I pulled up next to the cabin, grabbed my backpack, the laptop and suitcase I brought, and went into the cabin.

Six

The log cabin was very inviting and I liked the isolated setting.  I set my bags down inside the doorway and walked over to the kitchen table, where a note had been left for me.  It was informative regarding the cabin, and rather sparse on anything I really wanted to know.  ‘Use electricity sparingly, all power is run off of batteries that are charged by solar power.  Turn lights off when not in the room.’  I continued to read, ‘There is a water tank out back.  If water pressure gets low there is a hand pump to fill the tank back up from the well.  At six in the morning and six in the evening place one armload of wood in the wood-burning furnace outside.  You won’t need the heat, but it also provides hot water.  Leave the truck parked, groceries will be supplied as needed and we need to keep you well hidden.  That means staying off of the grid.  Don’t call anyone except the number you were given and then only if you feel you are in danger.  The cabin is located on a little over one thousand acres of privately held land.  Use it as you wish, day or night.  Straying off of the land may place you at risk for the time being.  So make sure not to leave the boundaries, they are well marked.  We are next to public hunting lands, if a hunter strays onto this property avoid contact and call the number you were given.  The refrigerator is stocked and there is a freezer and a pantry in the basement.’ The note finished with, ‘We will be in touch.’
I walked through the cabin and decided I was really going to enjoy this.  It was a two bedroom, two-bath cabin that was other wise set up for open living.  The basement was cool and dry with the promised freezer and pantry packed with good food.  There were also four heavy gauge metal boxes which had doors secured with thick padlocks.  I supposed they weren’t for food and weren’t for me, so I gave them wide berth. There was a stairway on the main floor that led to a loft with windows looking out over the back of the cabin into the nearby woods.  There was a large fireplace with ample wood stacked nearby.  In the kitchen there was a gas range and oven.  There was also an old wood-burning cook stove.   A brief inspection proved the wood stove was not just for display but was used to prepare meals.  There were several kerosene lamps spread throughout the cabin as well.  There was no television in the cabin, but there was a sturdy all-band radio that ran off of batteries, a hand generator, or you could plug it in as it was then.  Happy with what I had seen, I retrieved my stuff and placed it all on the bed in the smaller bedroom.  I felt more comfortable in the smaller room, probably because it felt cozy.  Perhaps I recognized it would be easier to defend.  In any case, I quickly unpacked and felt at home.  I decided to explore the cleared area around the cabin to see what else could be learned.
There were only two doors to the cabin, the front door I had come in through and the rear door I was now exiting.  I had already locked the front door and using the keys that had been left next to the note on the table, I secured the back door.  I knew other people had keys to the cabin but I liked to think they were not the same ones who wanted to kill me.  I wondered how I had gotten to this point.  I was readily able to accept someone was trying to kill me and I was still able remain calm.  I would have thought I was more the type to have panicked over something like that, but apparently not.  However, at the moment I wanted to explore my surroundings.  I slowly scanned the area and saw a pole barn, a small shed, a large propane gas tank and what appeared to be a miniature water tower that held perhaps 200 gallons of water.  At the bottom of the tower was some type of pipe with a handle attached to it.  Judging from what the note had said, this must be the pump to refill the water tower when it got low.  As I walked out further from the cabin I looked back and saw the solar panels installed on the rear roof.  Cables led down from the panels to a large cinderblock outbuilding to the side of the house.  It was vented on each of the walls and had a tin roof on it.  On the other side of the house about 10 feet from the outer wall was a wood-burning furnace.  This provided hot water and during the winter was the primary source of heat.  The fireplaces were really just for show, it seemed.  Just a few feet from the furnace was a great deal of cut firewood stacked about four feet high.  I didn’t know how much wood it took to keep things running in the winter, but I thought I was probably looking at more than enough.  I walked around to the front of the cabin and took time to appreciate the front porch.  It ran the length of the cabin and had four rocking chairs with a small table placed between each pair of rocking chairs.  I could imagine good friends sitting outside enjoying the evening while sipping on ice tea.  Perhaps one day I would have some good friends.  Thus far I had proven to be mostly a loner.  A good friend required the kind of commitment that I felt most people lacked the time for.  I saw nothing else of interest in the front of the cabin so I returned to the rear.  Looking towards the woods, I could clearly see a path leading to the woods edge.  I was moving towards it before I even realized it.  I decided I would talk a short walk down the path since my feet already seemed committed to the idea anyway.  
Stepping into the woods I felt as though I had left civilization behind.  I felt the woods closing up behind me as I walked down the path, and to be honest I didn’t miss it at all.  It felt invigorating, the woods welcoming me as though I belonged to it, and I realized I did.  I walked fast, not the pace of my nighttime excursions, but still as fast as others might jog.  The movements did not feel jerky like it had a long time ago when I had tried something called speed walking for a while.  No, I moved smoothly and quietly as I pierced further into the woods making no more of a sound than a gently blowing breeze.  I was smiling as I walked, and happier than I had been since the last time I had been able to run free at night.  I heard trickling sound of the water before I saw it, perhaps I even smelled it.  It was a spring welling up from a mossy cracked stone that poured out and kept a small pond filled.  The overflow from the pond became a small stream bubbling and gurgling as it raced away deeper into the woods.  I could tell it was a spring that ran year round because of the small fish I could see darting around in the pond.  I wanted to go further into the woods, exploring the path the stream took, but I felt a tug in my stomach.  It was time to return to the cabin and see about making a late lunch.  No longer in an exploring mood, I broke into a steady jog and was back at the cabin in less than fifteen minutes.  I was marveling at how fast I could move when I broke through the clearing and was startled to see the cowboy from earlier in the day sitting in a chair from inside the cabin that he had brought just outside the backdoor.  I came to an abrupt stop and almost fell over my own feet.  I had just been told earlier not to try to talk to him.  What now?  Was it OK to talk and this was a good thing, or had I already screwed up somehow?  As I stared at the cowboy trying to decide what to do I heard him laugh and then he waved me over to him.
I slowly walked towards him.  I was trying to pick out every detail about him, learn all I could before we exchanged our first words.  I looked around and listened intently, I found no sign that anyone else was there, unless someone besides the cowboy was cooking.  Because I could smell ham, beans and rice cooking.  It really smelled good and I was embarrassed when I realized I was almost drooling.  I really wanted to eat now, and talk later.  Which made no sense; I knew I needed to learn everything I could about him as quickly as possible.  I was relieved when as I got within earshot and heard his raspy voice say, “Come on in and let’s eat while everything is hot.”  He continued, “We can talk after that.”  The kitchen table was set for two, but he had cooked for family of four.  I liked him already.  He handed me a plate and said, “You look like you could eat a whole pig, so I think I will fill up my plate first and you can eat everything left.”  He smiled as he said it, so I didn’t feel bad about taking him at his word.  Following him to the kitchen, I had heaped as much as I could on my plate before returning to the table to eat.  He had already left a gallon of water on the table for me, and had one for him as well.  We didn’t talk.  We ate, and I learned he was a very good cook.  He had seasoned it in the spicy way I associated with good Mexican food.  I finally slowed down to enjoy the last portion of my meal.  I had forgotten how appealing a well-prepared meal was since I had started eating as much food as I had been lately.  The need to add fuel for my metabolism had replaced my thoughts of slowing down and experiencing my food.  I resolved to make sure I didn’t forget that food should be pleasurable as well as fueling me for whatever was happening to me.
The cowboy pushed back his chair and said, “I know you are brimming with questions, let me propose that we grab some ice tea and adjourn to the front porch.  I will tell you what I think you need to know right now,” he continued, “and then you can ask any questions you still have.”  We gathered up the plates and placed them in the sink.  Then the cowboy pulled two large glasses out of the cabinet and a gallon of tea out of the refrigerator.  We sat down in the rocking chairs I had been looking at earlier today, and I raised a glass of tea to my lips to hold back my many questions that threatened to burst out.  He nodded at me, took his cowboy hat off and in doing so set free a long length of silver hair that was neatly braided.  His mustache and beard were silver as well, and he had old scars scattered here and there where skin was exposed.  He took a big swallow of tea, cleared his throat and began.
“We are not alone,” he said.  He laughed when he saw my eyes narrow and he amended that with, “Well we are alone here at the cabin for the time being.  However, there are many of us in this world.”  I became lost in the sound of his voice as I learned that there were small groups of us in most small cities and large towns, as they seemed to be the perfect size to be able to blend in but have enough privacy to be what we were.  He didn’t give us a name, just that we were a group of like-minded people who had developed a very high metabolism and a more highly tuned set of senses.  He told me that as far as anyone could tell, we were about one quarter of one percent of the population in the Americas and in Europe.  The Far East they were unsure of, and the Mideast seemed to not have any of us.  There were unavoidable consequences in being one of us.  Should normal humans learn of us, we feared we would become targeted and probably destroyed.  It was enough that a group called the Huntsmen and two other groups the Cowboy wasn’t willing to talk about for now, knew of us, and waged a quiet war to eradicate us.  The Huntsmen seemed to have more stamina and physical power than an average human, but not like we were.  They were more on par with professional athletes.  Yet they too feared exposure to the human population at large and so both sides were careful to keep the war a private thing.  We didn’t know why they hated us, but out of self-preservation we did everything we could to stay hidden from them.  When that failed, we were forced to take more desperate measures.  However, there are even more reasons to be careful.  There is a group of enforcers made up of people like us.  They are stronger, faster and their senses are more acute then ours.  They would disapprove of any type of alliance with the Huntsmen or any other outsider and would discipline those of us who attempted to form such an alliance.  They could be brutal with their enforcements.  Often just a message delivered by one of them would take care of the problem, but it was known that whole groups in a town had been wiped out to protect our identity or even the knowledge we existed.  Then there were the governors.  No one seemed to know much about the governors except they controlled the enforcers.  In very rare cases one of us would be called to the counsel.  Rarely did this end well for the person called, but to refuse was death.  For the most part, as long as we remained secretive, we were left alone to pursue our own lives.  One of the important duties of the local groups was to keep track of those people the enforcers reported needed to be watched for any signs of becoming one of us.  It appeared this trait we shared was genetic, and depending on a persons’ parents, the recessive gene could become dominant.  When that happened, the person would be observed and over a few years as the persons’ capabilities threatened to become obvious to the world at large, a report would be sent to the enforcers.  “And that,” the cowboy said, “brings us to you.”
“We were told to keep an eye on you once you turned sixteen.”  “When you turned eighteen and showed no signs,” and at this point he looked puzzled, “the enforcers said we could quit watching, that you wouldn’t become one of us.” He looked at me still looking a little surprised, and said, “We had no idea what was going on with you, but we lucked up and caught you on your first run entirely by accident.”  “We fired off a message immediately to the enforcers and were told to contain you but not to make contact.”  He shrugged and said, “We kind of felt bad about knocking you out those times we did, but we were completely shocked when your leg healed the way it did.”  “Boy,” he said, “only a top enforcer can do that, and most of them can’t.”  He looked at me and continued, “So we fired off another message to the enforcers and told them the knockout solution wasn’t going to work anymore.  They told us to roll you up and get you into a safe area.  This is the safest area we have.  Other than that, we still don’t really know what to do with you, or why it’s taking so long for the enforcers to get back to us.”  He shook his head slowly, “But we consider you a part of our group now, so you will be well taken care of while we wait to see what’s up with the enforcers.”
 
Seven

I looked at the cowboy and thought about what he had said.  He shrugged and said, “I guess it’s finally your turn to ask questions.”  All the lists of detailed questions I had were rendered worthless.  I looked at him, my mind reeling from all that I had just learned. I just gave up and reset.  I thought about what I had just been told and turned it over in my head.  Then I just asked whatever came to mind.  “So, how long would it take you to heal from a broken leg?”  I asked.  He laughed and then replied, “About a week, it seems about typical for people like us, give or take a day.”  I thought about that, and then asked, “Does everyone just start out running so fast, being able to smell everything so well and hear so well?”  “Does everyone have to eat so much?”  The cowboy shook his head and said, “No, not really.”  “Every time we’ve found someone before they were younger and it progressed very slowly.  The way you have to eat so much food is different too.  Actually, you run faster than us, we know that much, but we haven’t been able to tell about your other senses.  We really don’t know what to think of what’s happening with you.”  He closed his eyes then looked back at me.  “It’s why we had to contact the enforcers.  If someone doesn’t fall fairly close into the established norms, we have to contact them.  This is the first time we’ve ever had to do that.  We asked around and none of the other groups we are in contact with have ever had to do that either.”  He raised an eyebrow and said, “Young man, you’re something of an anomaly.”  I thought about this for a minute and then asked, “So what do you think happens to anomalies?”  He looked up at me and said, “I don’t know, and that’s why I’m here.  When you have unanswered questions, I find it best to prepare for any possible outcome.  In your case, you need to learn about self defense.”  I wasn’t sure what I thought about that.  “With what I can do now, why would I need to learn any self defense stuff?”  I asked.  “You aren’t learning to defend yourself from regular people,” The cowboy said, “that’s a mistake most of our people make.  We seem to forget that when it comes down to it, the only people dangerous to us are the ones who have the same capabilities we do or that understand our capabilities.  So how do you win when it comes down to that?”  He asked.  “I’m going to teach you to think differently and some quick and dirty tricks that will put you on top of any fight with someone of equal physical qualities.”  Then he winked and said, “Unless I’ve been training them too.  Also,” he continued, “I’m going to teach you what to watch for to avoid getting taken down by the Huntsmen.”  He finished with, “You have a lot to learn if we’re going to keep you alive.”  I stopped myself in mid sentence as it occurred to me.  The only really important questions were about how to survive.  If I could survive long enough, I could learn the answers to any questions I had.  So I looked at him, smiled, and said, “How long will it take you to teach me to survive?”  The cowboy looked pleasantly surprised.  “You caught on pretty quick.”  He said.  “The basics of knowing what to watch for, you will know by tomorrow afternoon.  Unfortunately, we won’t get a chance for field training until the enforcers give us the go ahead.”  He pointed to me and said, “Hand to hand combat really depends on you.  I can teach you the basics in a few weeks, and then with a few months devoted to training you should be good enough to move on to the next level.”  He laughed and said, “You’re lucky that you don’t have to get into physical shape and that you have all day every day to devote to learning to stay alive.”  He pulled a well-worn copy of a handwritten manual from his back pocket, unfolded it and handed it to me.  It was titled ‘Basic Survival for Us’, and he said, “Start reading this, it will help you understand what we’re capable of and what it takes to actually stop one of us.  I will want it back when you’re done.  We don’t want these falling into the wrong hands.”  I took the manual from him and he stood up, declaring, “You understand what’s important, read that and be ready for tomorrow.  I have some business I need to take care of.  I will be back later tonight just to check in with you, but don’t wait for me if you decide to go explore the area tonight.  I will find you.”  He gave me a serious look and said, “There’s no reason for anyone but me to show up here for now.  Anyone else approaches you, stay away from him.  You don’t open the door or talk to someone that shows up besides me, and if left with no other choice, run for the safety of the woods.”  With that, the cowboy walked out to his truck where after several attempts he got it started and then drove off down the driveway.
I sat there looking at the manual, that wasn’t more than sixty pages long.  I thought about what the cowboy had said and decided to gather up the glasses and head back inside.  I set the glasses down on the counter and walked back to the front door to lock it, and walked back to the rear door, locking that as well.  I wanted to get lost in reading the manual and I needed to feel safe from interruptions so I wouldn’t be distracted.  I carried it with me up to the loft where I would have good natural light and then sprawled out on the floor so as to present as small of a profile as possible to anyone looking to see if the cabin was inhabited.  I began to read.
The first thing I read was that even if you didn’t understand or even know about a specific threat, observation was a great tool for surviving the world we live in.  We needed to become very familiar with the sights, sounds and smells of our surroundings.  Know what was normal for the area, become attuned with that, and be able to identify anything new or different.  Scan, smell and listen to your surroundings and they will tell you when something is wrong.  Most people become wrapped up in their personal thoughts and walked around in their own little world, losing focus of what’s going on around them.  They become targets.  Anytime you’re out in the world, watch the world before it bites you.  That made a lot of sense to me.  If we’re not paying attention anyone could take advantage of you.  I thought about that for a while and realized that the whole time the cowboy was here, I was focused completely on him alone.  Anyone could have been coming up behind me in the woods when I first saw him sitting at my backdoor, and anyone could have been watching us from the woods while we were sitting on the front porch.  So lesson one, watch the world or get whacked.  That was pretty straightforward, so I decided to read on and see what was next.  We are faster and stronger then others, long-range weapons like rifles can take away that advantage.  When moving across wide-open spaces like parking places and meadows, move quickly and get into cover by moving inside a building or into the woods.  Don’t expose yourself any longer then you have to.  You can’t really defend yourself from something that will strike you before you can see, hear or smell it.  A well-placed bullet from a rifle is exactly that type of threat.  A pistol does not usually present that type of threat because it will be deployed in a manner that will be seen by us and close enough to us that our greater speed will allow us to overcome the threat.  The average human with a knife already in his hand can kill someone with a pistol before the pistol can be pulled out, aimed and the trigger squeezed.  We can kill the average human from as far as seventy feet before one can shoot us with a pistol, which is well out of range most people can accurately shoot a stationary target on a good day.  Now this was news to me.  I hadn’t grown up around firearms and had no real idea of their capability besides what I had seen in movies.  The part about pistols was reassuring; the part about rifles would never have bothered me before someone had tried to kill me.  Now it had my full attention.  So be aware of my environment, and move fast through open spaces.  This seemed simple enough and I began to hope the entire reading assignment would prove to be similar.  I stopped reading to put together a quick snack.  I always seemed to be hungry lately.
No longer hungry, I sat back down to read some more about staying alive.  We have very few weaknesses, I learned.  Anything that would take longer than thirty minutes to kill a regular human, one of us would probably survive.  If we could stop the bleeding, most wounds wouldn’t require any type of medical attention.  This was good because if any of us received regular medical attention the enforcers would have to clean up.  This meant an enforcer would be sent in to remove any evidence of our existence.  All evidence.  That was very clear.  I wondered what the time most of us healed in meant for me.  The cowboy had already said I healed much faster than anyone else he had seen.  Did that mean I could survive more serious injuries than typical?  I hoped so.  I returned to the manuscript and read that learning first aid was paramount to survival.  Knowing how to apply bandages and tourniquets could make the difference in life or death.  I was informed that my best bet was to study all the Red Cross first aid information I could find.  Once I had a good grip of that it was recommended that I obtain army manuals on battlefield first aid.  So far everything I had read appeared to be accomplished fairly easily.  Then I read the next section.  Hand to hand combat.  Once it looks like a confrontation is going to turn physical, hit first.  By hitting first you will statistically be more likely to win.  Do not stop attacking until your opponent is unable to become a threat any time soon.  The best targets for your hands are the face, head, neck and diaphragm.  The best targets for your elbows are the head and neck.  Use your knees to strike the groin and stomach.  Your feet should be used to stomp on your opponents’ feet and to kick your opponents’ knees.  If you make a terrible error in judgment and your opponent strikes at you first, disassemble whatever you can get your hands on.  Fingers are to be bent backwards until they snap.  Wrists bent backwards or twisted until they snap.  Grab a forearm with one hand and then strike your opponents elbow with your other hand pushing it past its locking point and breaking it.  If your opponent tries to kick you, trap their foot and then kick them in the groin.  When your opponent goes on the defensive attack as if you had thrown the first strike.  When someone attacks you, they deserve what ever they get and you don’t have time to worry about how badly they might be hurt, you’re trying to survive.  There was a time when I would have considered that to be brutal.  Actually, it still seemed brutal to me.  Yet it also seemed prudent.  I wasn’t sure I really understood all the strikes, and was definitely fuzzy on the idea of how to disassemble someone else.  However, I was willing to learn.  So now I had arrived to a portion that I would need a lot of time and instruction on.  I felt confident that the cowboy would be providing the instruction.  The next section was on firearms, and I knew at this point it was time to set the manual aside.  I felt the concept too alien to learn a lot from reading.  I was sure this was another area that the cowboy would be providing instruction in.  I stood up and stretched, then walked back to the smaller bedroom, which I had claimed for my own.  It was time to get some rest.  I was sure I would be roaming the woods tonight and wanted to be well rested.  Smiling as I thought of it I quickly cleaned up then lay down to sleep.
I woke up earlier then I had been.  It may have been because it was quieter, and I had slept better.  Or perhaps it was because I was still changing.  It was dark outside and the moon had just begun to rise.  It was beautiful.  I realized that the proximity of the city had allowed the city lights to wash out the beauty of the moonlight, and that many of the stars in the sky became lost because of the amount of light spilling out of the city.  It felt cleaner, purer here in the midst of the woods.  I walked to the back door, which faced the woods.  Before I reached it I remembered what I had read, about moving through open spaces as quickly as I could.  With that in mind, I stepped outside and quickly closed the door before breaking out in a full sprint to the woods, scanning the area as I did so.  As soon as I entered the woods deeply enough to be safe, I came to a complete halt to listen, look and smell for any threat.  There was none I could find.  I moved back onto the trail I had been on earlier in the day and moved slowly, taking time to truly explore my heightened senses.  I could feel everything and not be lost to what I had become.  I could revel in my new abilities and still be in control of them.  This was very different.  I had gotten a taste of this the last time I roamed, but the first few times I had been out in the night I had become totally driven by sensory input and for the most part unable to control my actions.  Driven by need rather than intent, most events initiated by emotion rather than purpose, I still had all the raw emotion, but now it was filtered through me and I was more in charge of how I reacted.  It was like the difference of having all the data from hundreds of Internet sites moving across a screen in no particular order and have the data arranged for my particular needs at any given moment.  I had never thought it possible to be cognizant of so much information at one time and not become overwhelmed by it.  I was the conductor of a symphony of thousands, and I was playing it the way I liked it.  I smiled, adjusted to this and moved further into the woods.
It was incredible.  Everything was logged and I could recall anything at anytime.  I owned every texture, every sound, smell and vision.  Each piece of data cross checked against a database of anything I had ever experienced before, even before the change.  The processing was so fast that I was able to do this and still not impact my reaction time.  A reaction time that was so much faster than anything I had ever dreamed possible.  I took a step and broke a twig, identified the snap sound as old dead wood and recognized the smell as black walnut.  I started to bring up a lot of basic information about the black walnut tree but suppressed it as not needed at the moment.  All of this happened without breaking stride and as I redirected some of my attention to being more visually aware of where I was stepping.  Anything in my environment was immediately cataloged as danger, no danger, of use or inconsequential.  Each piece of information was filed away for easy retrieval for the rest of my life.  I laughed for the sheer joy of having so much knowledge.  I felt invincible, like superman simply because of the sheer amount of information I was actively handling.  I knew that learning anything ever again would be a simple joy.  Shortly after this I approached the pond I had visited earlier in the day.  It was at that point that I realized something was wrong, I was feeling much too tired for the small amount of time I had been out in the woods.  I turned to start heading back to the cabin even as I felt some senses start to fade, first my hyper-awareness, then my access to that incredible database in my mind.  As I continued to head back to the cabin, I felt weak and realized I felt just human, as in before the changes.  I was about halfway to the cabin, bumping into everything just like you’re supposed to when walking in the woods in the dark of night, when I started feeling weak for even a human.  I was startled when I heard his voice just as the cowboy seemed to appear out of nowhere in front of me.  “This isn’t good.”  I heard him say.  He asked, “John, can you make it back to the cabin?”  I was in the process of telling him yes of course I could, when everything started shutting down.  I think I heard him say something then I was picked up and thrown over his shoulder.  I don’t remember much of anything after that, until I was back in the cabin.  I came around to water in my face and then the cowboy gave me some soup to drink down.  After that I was able to gather my strength enough to eat about half of a ham and put down a lot of water, at which point I started to feel like my old, well my new self.  Once the cowboy was convinced I wasn’t going to keel over or pass out, he gave me a worried look.  “John, I’ve never seen anything like this before.  You were burning up when I threw you over my shoulder and carried you back to the cabin.”  “It was like you had been running on overload for a whole night, and I know you were out for only a little over an hour.  I need someone to look at you and learn what’s going on, and the only person who will know more than the folks I hang out with, is going to be an enforcer.”  He tried to reassure me, “Don’t worry, you haven’t done anything wrong, I just need help to make sure you’re taken care of.”  He picked up his cellphone and made quick phone call.  “I have a problem,” he said into the phone.  “He was just taking it fairly easy, no where near what we’ve already seen he’s capable of, when he just sort of crashed.”  “Yes, I had to carry him back.”  I heard him say.  Then in answer to a question I couldn’t hear, he said, “Yes, he was very hot to the touch when I picked him up.”  “Yes, he ate and drank and seemed to recover, but I noticed he only ate about half what he normally would after a full night out.”  “OK, we will stay inside.”  He looked at me and said, “An enforcer is on the way here to look you over.”  Then, almost to himself, he said, “The odd thing is, he didn’t seem surprised, more like I had just confirmed stuff he already knew.”

Eight

The enforcer was not forthcoming about when he would arrive.  So I decided to act like I had plenty of time to spare.  I saw no point in just staring out the window.  It could be hours or it could be days before he got here.  So I turned to the stack of books the cowboy had brought with him.  Volumes of books on martial arts covering styles like Aikido, Jiu Jitsu, Karate, Boxing, Wrestling and something called Krav Maga.  I decided to just browse through them alphabetically.  I picked up the book on Aikido and looked at the photograph on the cover.  A man was throwing another man through the air.  It looked fun if you were the guy doing the throwing.  I expected if you were the guy doing the landing, not so much.  I wondered what I really expected from reading a book about Aikido.  Having no background in martial arts of any type, I expected to at most learn some general ideas of what it was about.  Perhaps just a bit more than what I had learned from the cover, throw person through the air if he attacks you.  As I read the first paragraph I learned that this martial art was concerned for the safety of the attacker, and that it used the force of the attacker against the attacker.  I paused and almost set the book back down.  Why would I care about the safety of the person attacking me?  If I had to throw someone, my preference was that they had a landing perhaps three stories down from the balcony I threw him off of.  Still, using an attackers’ strength against him appealed to me.  To me, it meant the guy bigger and stronger than I had no clear advantage.  So I mentally shrugged and read on.  I skimmed through the rest of the philosophy stuff and got to the mechanics of how it worked.  It was like swimming through syrup, working my way through a new vocabulary while trying to understand the techniques.  I felt myself losing focus and got mad.  I had to understand this stuff, people wanted to kill me, I needed this stuff and nothing short of learning it would be acceptable.  I reached for what I was in the woods and something inside shifted.  Suddenly my focus was similar to earlier in the woods.  As I read the book I was able to envision the techniques and their application as intended.  Everything was a circle and I was at the center, this was Aikido.  Everything was displayed as I pictured the techniques and I could move around as though it was in 3D as I explored the techniques.  I reached the end of the book and was shocked to notice I was drenched in sweat and very hungry.  I got up and went to the kitchen grabbed the left over portion of ham from earlier and lots of water.  As I did so I glanced at the clock and was shocked to see it was less than an hour since I had picked up the book on Aikido.  How could this be?  I had never been a fast reader.  I enjoyed reading, but was never what anyone could consider fast.  I thought about it as I ate and drank.  The way I had gotten so hot in the woods earlier.  It had nothing to do with physical stress on my body.  It was the result of pushing my brain into overdrive.  The ability to play back the past like a video was nothing compared to the active processing my brain was handling, at the high speeds it was handling, when I really pushed it.  This is why I was burning up calories so fast.  I had to control when I went into this mode and make sure I had recovery time.  It was incredibly useful, but I had to be careful that I didn’t become weakened so much I was unable to defend myself.  So, after my meal I felt fine again.  It had only taken an hour to know the book.  I could use those locks and throws now.  I thought about and decided if I was going to fit one more in before I met the enforcer I should choose a martial art as opposite to Aikido as I could find.  It was locks, throws and being gentle as possible.  Karate was all about hitting and kicking and destroying your enemy.  I had seen enough movies to be convinced that was the general idea.  I only wasted a few minutes considering it before I decided the benefits outweighed the risks.  Then I had an idea.  Could I eat extra in advance, knowing I was going to burn it off?  It was worth trying.  I went back to the kitchen and grabbed a huge plate of food and a gallon of water.  Problem was, I had just eaten.  There was nowhere in my belly for this.  I decided to take it with me and perhaps I could snack on it as I read.  I didn’t know if it would work but it was worth a try.  So meal in hand, I returned to the book on Karate and sat down.  This time I was able to slip right into my new study mode.  It was incredible, watching and understanding the blocks and strikes from the pictures in my head as I read them.  I understood the body mechanics of each move.  The way the foot movement began the shift in bodyweight as well as set the torso into a natural torque releasing much more power than a simple punch or kick on its own.  I was surprised to see the same basic underlying principle used in Aikido, movements were in circles.  Every movement for either style martial art depended on footwork to set up the body for an explosive action.  The karate book stressed the need to set up at minimum, combinations of three moves.  You planned a series of attacks so there was no wasted time in thinking what to try next, giving you the edge over your opponent.  Part of the training included in the book was a series of moves put together in a form that flowed as if you were in combat with an imaginary opponent, to get you used to thinking in combination moves.  I could picture the movements and the opponent perfectly and ran through the exercises several times from different angles, both as the attacker and the defender.  When I felt as though I was able to move through every technique without conscious effort, I came back out of my learning mode and set the book down.  I didn’t remember eating, but the plate was empty and most of the water was gone.  I stood up and did a quick assessment.  I wasn’t weak and felt no hunger pangs or thirst.  I smiled because I also knew martial arts.  I went into the center of the room and went through several Aikido moves then flowed into several Karate forms.  I could feel the power of the moves, and saw how I could tie the Aikido and Karate techniques together as combinations.  I thought about the cowboy and what he had said.  I knew he would approve and so I concentrated on tying the two arts together so it would throw off anyone else who was a martial artist.  If they thought I was a student of one style, it should catch them off guard when I shifted into a different style.  I knew I needed to learn more, but also realized I had probably pushed as far as I dared.  When the enforcer arrived, I wanted to be fully rested.  I wasn’t sure what to expect and wanted to be ready for anything.
After waiting for over an hour, I began to become stressed with not knowing what to expect and I knew this state of mind could lead me to make mistakes I couldn’t afford.  As I thought of these problems I recalled the stretching and meditation techniques I had just read about and went through a series of stretching movements and could feel myself relaxing.  I realized that although I didn’t know what to expect with the enforcers, or even what was really happening to me, I was somehow more in control of my actual safety than ever before.  It had never occurred to me that I was capable of taking care of myself in an emergency.  My entire line of defense had been to call 911.  The freedom of depending on myself for my own safety was exhilarating.  How could I have ever been OK with depending on strangers who could take up to thirty minutes, or even longer, to respond for my safety?  I was startled by a quick knock on the door.  I moved to the back of the house, and as instructed in the note left for me when I first arrived at the cabin, make no contact.  No one was to know I was here.  The cowboy would have knocked and then unlocked the door.  I was under the impression that the enforcer was going to show up with the cowboy, no one had said anything to make me think otherwise.  So I decided to play it safe and made no noise, no move to answer the knocking on the door.  The door was knocked on again, much heavier this time.  “John,” a stranger’s voice called out, “this is Kyle.  I’m here to talk with you.”  As I thought that over he followed up with, “You were told I was coming.”  I considered what he said, but still wondered why the cowboy wasn’t there with him.  I started to reply when I heard, “Times up John, we need to get acquainted and we need to make some decisions about what to do with you.”  I didn’t like the implied threat and moved close to the front door and to the right of the doorknob.  I had just positioned myself when the door burst open.  A large man started to step inside.  His eyes locked on mine and he said, “Don’t even think about it son.”  He reached out as if to grab me and I just slipped into my high functioning mode.  He seemed to move in slow motion as my left foot stepped behind my right foot as I grabbed his right hand with my left hand and locked his wrist as I spun to my left while pulling downward and completed a perfectly executed throw.  The man just rolled with the throw and turned to face me.  “OK John, I was supposed to find out how you would react to being attacked, so let’s play.”  He moved forward and threw a punch at my head, which I saw coming because of the way he positioned his feet, I ducked as I stepped back to maintain the optimum distance for the reach of my punches.  He then threw a combination of three punches starting with his right, following with his left and then ending with another right.  I may have understood what he was doing before he did.  I blocked the first two punches to allow him to feel like he was keeping me off balance and then used a technique known as slipping to duck under the last punch and slipping my right fist in a simple straight punch straight into his face.  I followed up without hesitation into a right front round kick to his ribs which he blocked and then as he threw a reverse punch from his left I slipped back into Aikido mode and as I blocked his punch I placed his left wrist into another painful lock and threw him, this time not releasing him but forcing him to take the impact across his back.  As he sprang back up and threw a right jab I blocked with my left forearm moving slightly to the left which I then turned into a jab to his head even as my right foot pushed me forward to close the distance between us as I followed up with a left elbow to the right side of his head as I spun slightly to my right.  I immediately spun to my left driving my left elbow this time into the right side of his head and continued to spin to my left delivering a left back fist, again to the right side of his head.  He dropped and I moved forward to make sure he stayed down when I heard a familiar voice say, “That’s enough John, back away.”  It was the cowboy, and although he sounded a little tense, I sensed no feeling of danger.  I did has he had told me, and backed away, well out of range of any renewed attack.  The large man got back to his feet and glared at me for a second, then seemed to come out of combat mode.  He turned to the cowboy and said, “You weren’t supposed to start training him until after we had a chance to look him over.”  The cowboy replied, “I didn’t do any training.  I dropped off a few martial arts books for him to read over, but there has been no training.”  The man looked back at me with an honest expression of surprise and asked, “We showed no prior training in martial arts, where and when were you trained?”  I looked at him and wondered how to answer.  The cowboy cleared his throat and said, “John, you need to trust him, he’s the enforcer I told you about, and he needs to know everything he can learn to decide the best way to help you in this journey.”  I looked at the enforcer and said, “I’ve never trained, but I read the book on Aikido and the book on Karate this morning.”  The enforcer registered surprise and then asked, “How long did it take you to read the books?”  I told him, “It took me about an hour apiece, but I took a break between books to eat.”  He nodded and asked, “You got real hot, really hungry and thirsty after each book?”  I told him, “The first time yes, but then I thought about it and just heaped up a plate of food and grabbed some water to snack on while I read the second book, so I finished the second book without needing to eat and drink again.  I wasn’t tracking if I got hot again the second time.”  The enforcer looked at me a little differently now.  He said, “I was told that it was unlikely, but that I might find out this was the case, to a degree.”  He continued, “However, it was anticipated that you would be in the beginning stages rather than to be so advanced.”  He looked at the cowboy and said, “I’ve been told to withdraw if I found this to be the case.”  He then looked at me and said, “You are to stay with this group and do as they tell you until we make contact again, after the governor who sent me has time to consider your situation and decide what’s best for you.”  Looking first at the cowboy, then at me, and then back at the cowboy, he said, “If it was up to me I would take him back now for training as an enforcer, it seems obvious to me.”  He sighed and said, “But I do as I’m told, and the governor made my mission very clear to me.”  He beckoned the cowboy closer, and quietly told us, “No one is to know what you’re capable of, that could place you in danger.  No one, not on your team, not another enforcer, no one is allowed to know.  If pressed, simply say you are in the process of being on-boarded by a governor.  Anyone who should know more than that should know where to get the information.  He looked at me one last time, then headed towards the door and as he passed the cowboy he said, “He’s part of your group for now, bring him all the way in and teach him how to fit in.”  The he gave a genuine laugh and said, “It would appear he has the self defense side of things covered, no one has knocked me down in quite a few years.”  He walked out the door and into the setting sun.  The cowboy walked over to me, embraced me and said, “Welcome to our group.”  “Everyone else is going to be excited to finally be introduced to you.”  “I’ll give them a call.”  He said, as he reached for his phone.  He made a series of calls and as he did so I was surprised that I was able to have ramped up to high functioning mode for the fight and not need to be fed right after.  Why had that changed I wondered, and what did it mean?
The cowboy broke into my thoughts as he said, “I’ve contacted everyone and they will get here soon as possible, everyone is excited to finally get to know you better.”  The rules are going to change John, and you’re going to like them.”  Leading me into the kitchen he said, “Let’s get a good meal cooking so we can start things off on a good note with everyone.”  I followed his lead and acted as clean up while he cooked.  It was hard to keep up with him but the smell of the meal he was putting together promised it was worth every dish and pan I had to wash.  I decided once I had time, I was going to read a few cookbooks.  Everyone has to eat, so it might as well be good.  We were just putting the dessert into the oven when I heard the first person arrive.  The front door opened and a man popped through and yelled “Jeremiah, are you making lemon cake?”  The cowboy answered, “Yes, but rude guests won’t be having any!”  Well, now I knew the cowboy’s name.  The man walked up to me and offered his hand.  “I’m David, nice to finally get to meet you John.”  He said.  I shook his hand and told him I was looking forward to getting to know him and the rest of the group.  Soon afterward two men entered who were obviously twins and I smiled because I recognized their smell even now.  They laughed as they clapped me in the shoulder and told me how they thought it was going to be even more fun to run with me as partners than it had been as semi-adversaries.  I could tell they genuinely meant it, and I was becoming excited about being a part of this group.  Others began to show up and before the meal started I had met David, Larry, Ben, Robert and Timothy.  Everyone seemed open, friendly and genuinely glad to meet me.  Dinner was almost over when the door opened again and in walked a very beautiful woman.  I froze as I realized she was the woman in the meadow that first night.  I had also recognized the twins, Larry and Ben.  However, the woman had more of an impact on me, which I simply couldn’t understand.  She looked at me as though unsure of how to proceed.  Jeremy jumped up from the table and smoothed things out saying, “Tish, I would like to formally introduce you to John.”  He turned to me and said, “John, this is Tish, she works with us at the company we own.”  Tish walked over to me, hesitated a second, and then smiled.  “John, welcome to the group, I really think you’re going to be a big asset for us.”  Jeremy reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet from which he produced a business card that he handed to me as he said, “Welcome to your new career.”  I looked down at the card and read, ‘Moon Shadow Security’.  A phone number and office address were printed on the card.  “John,” Jeremy said, “be at the office at nine in the morning and we will give you an orientation and set you up for training.  You will continue to live here in the cabin for the time being, and I need you to stay on the estate during the nights for a while yet.  See you in the morning.”  He concluded.  At that point the rest of the group got up and wishing me well made their departures.  I looked around at the empty cabin and large pile of empty dishes.  Rolling up my sleeves I got to work on the dishes.

Nine

The dishes done, I relaxed and thought about the evening so far.  It had been interesting to meet the rest of the group.  They seemed to welcome me, and it was comforting to not feel alone anymore.  I looked forward to driving over to the office tomorrow.  I was a little concerned about how rested I would be, as it seemed I went out every night for my runs and came back with my batteries totally drained.  I really needed more control over my nightlife.  It was with these thoughts on my mind that I went to my room and got into bed.  Sleep came quickly.  So did my nightly run.  I was up and about less than an hour after going to sleep.  It was not the typical night for me.  I was more in control and in touch with my medium and long term needs.  I could slip into living for the moment but was also easily able to slip back into understanding my other needs.  My night ended up being no more than a quick jaunt to the pond and back.  Nothing escaped me of course.  I got more out of that than anyone else would have gotten out of living in the wilderness for a month.  I returned to the house under my own power and went back to bed.  I slept deeply.
I woke up at seven feeling refreshed, nowhere near as hungry as I had been.  Also, I awoke with no overalls to add to my collection.  I wondered whom I needed to return the overalls to.  I went to the kitchen and fried some thick slices of ham and scrambled up about six eggs, washed them down with plenty of water.  I cleaned up, took a shower and then got dressed for work.  Eight O’clock rolled up and I was ready to leave the cabin.  I didn’t think it would take more than thirty minutes to get to work but since I had never been there before I decided to leave early.  I have always hated to be late.  So I locked up the cabin and drove off in my truck looking for my new career.  I was pretty sure it wouldn’t be boring.  Being in security didn’t sound like a boring job.  I quickly found the office, which was situated close to several Lawyers’ offices.  The parking lot was empty so I settled back to wait.  Waiting could be one of the downsides of hating to be late, or it could be a perk.  I preferred to look at it as a perk, as it gave me time to think about my surroundings.  I had been checking out rooftops as I drove there and watching my rearview mirror to see if anyone appeared to be following me.  Everything seemed normal.  I thought about the cowboys’ rules and decided he would be disappointed to drive up and find me sitting in my truck in the parking lot, being a stationary target.  So I started up the truck and left the parking lot, driving around downtown and familiarizing myself better with the area.  I had used up most of the time I had before nine, so I turned and headed back to the office.  I pulled up just a few minutes before nine and noticed two cars already parked and empty.  So I pulled up, parked, scanned the parking lot and rooftops, after which I moved quickly to the office door.  I didn’t knock, just opened it and walked in closing it behind myself.  I then stepped off to the side of where I had been standing when I closed the door.  The cowboy was smiling and as I watched, David handed a dollar over to him.  Then Jeremiah looked back at me and said, “You pulled up early, and then left.”  “What was that about?”  He asked.  “Jeremiah,” I said, “I was told to never linger in open areas with limited views of the horizon.   When I pulled up and parked I realized it wasn’t smart to just sit around out there in the parking lot, so I drove around the area familiarizing myself with it.  I’ve never spent much time in this part of town.”  I concluded.  Jeremiah turned to David and said, “See?  I told you he was moving fast.”  He turned back to me and both of them were looking at me when Jeremiah finished with, “That’s why he will be on the nightshift quicker than anyone else has.”  David asked, “Even faster than Tish?”  Jeremiah paused a second and said, “I believe so.”  I asked, “So there’s more going on during the nightshift?”  Jeremiah answered, “You better worry about learning what you need for the dayshift.  Nightshift is going to be out of the scope of your training or concern for a little while yet.  Head down the hall behind me, the stairs on the left leads to the basement.  There’s a locker down there with your name on it.  Change into the sweat pants, T-shirt and loosen up a little.”  He finished with, “David will be down there in a few minutes with me.  I want you to spar a little with him so he can make up his own mind.”  I didn’t ask questions, I headed downstairs.
I was just going through a last set of stretching exercises when Jeremiah entered the basement with David in tow.  The basement was built up into a gym complete with the most up to date weight training stations.  I could tell I was going to like it here.  I wanted to build up to take advantage of the magnification of my regular capabilities when I ran at night. I wonder if it worked that way.  I would have to ask.
“John,” Jeremiah said, “I want you to spar with David.  You can punch him, kick him, whatever you need to do, but you are not allowed to seriously injure him.  Do you understand?”  He asked.  David looked skeptical as I replied, “I spar using competition rules, I understand.”  Jeremiah grinned at David and said, “David, you have no rules on your attacks, good luck.”  That surprised me, but I settled down and got ready.  It didn’t really matter what the rules were, if I was better than David, I would win.  I just had no idea how good David was.  I couldn’t base anything on my previous fight with Kyle.  He was only testing me and probably started off taking it easy on me.  I figured David almost had to be better than me.  He was much more experienced than I with being whatever we were.  With a training facility like this, he had probably done a lot more then read a few books.  I stepped into a ready stance and waited for him to come into range.  He walked forward and smiled, reaching out to shake my hand.  OK, I guess we were going to have a friendly sparring session.  I extended my hand and he grasped mine applying a lock and a throw.  I rolled with it and turned the roll into a leg sweep knocking him down and then continuing the movement to gain my feet.  Standing up I returned to my ready stance.  So, not a friendly match.  David got to his feet with a serious look on his face.  He opened with a front-kick, which I swept away with a lower left hand block.  He pressed forward with a right jab I blocked with a rising left hand block and he followed up with a left reverse punch which I blocked with an inner left hand block which I then turned into a left back fist which landed squarely on the right side of his face.  He staggered a little and then circled to my left.  I could see in his eyes that playtime was over.  He stepped through a series of combinations, which I was surprised to find I easily countered.  As I blocked and dodged I realized he had changed somehow and was moving faster, more efficiently.  I decided to try and reach into myself and push myself into that state where my metabolism was stepped up.  Suddenly it was like he was moving at about three quarter speed and I was moving faster than I was before.  I understood now what the phrase, ‘Like taking candy from a baby’ meant.  I picked apart his attacks as though they were nothing and struck him at will.  Finally he stepped back dropped his hands and continued to back away.  “I’m tapping out.”  He said.  Once he saw I had disengaged, he turned to Jeremiah and said, “I thought you were a little over the top with your brief, now I see if anything you played it down.  I’m still standing just because you restricted him to tournament rules.”  He finished up with, “Even after I shifted, he not only kept up with me but actually surpassed me.”  He looked back and said to me, “I’m very impressed John, you will be taking over martial arts training, if you can translate your skills over to being able to watch others spar and correct their mistakes.  Can you do that?”  He asked.  I thought about it a minute and said, “Yes sir, I believe I can.”  He replied, “Good.  We will probably have to let the twins have a go at you to make the point and then you will take over training.”  Jeremy cleared his throat and said, “David, go ahead and get showered up, I need a few minutes in private with John.”  David looked surprised but made no fuss about it and walked back to the showers.  “John,” David said, “If anyone asks you about your capabilities, you are not to admit to anything.”  “You are only to tell them they will have to ask me.”  He looked a little worried as he continued, “This is direct from the enforcers, the team can and probably will guess that you are a little different, but we will confirm nothing.”  “You will confirm nothing, you will keep as low a profile as possible.   The few times we ever push those rules will be to protect you or in cases of grave emergencies.”  He said softly, “We are all we have and we will never standby and allow others to hurt anyone on this team, no matter what.”  I simply nodded, surprised at what I had just learned.  It was obvious I had a superior skill set, but I was unsure what that skill set was comprised of.  I could fight better, I could heal faster than what was normal.  I believed I could also learn much faster than anyone else on the team.  I was going to have to keep everything hidden if possible, except for my fighting skills, it appeared.  I wondered why the enforcers were so interested me.  Even if I was a little different from the rest of the team, I was sure I was no threat to the enforcers.  They were the heavy hitters of this new world I had found myself in.  David rejoined us and he and Jeremy went upstairs to the office as I walked back to the showers to clean up.  I turned up the hot water and started to relax.  The pounding of the hot water across my back was soothing and I was lost in my thoughts of this incredible journey I had been on since that first night.  I turned to let the water beat upon my chest when I heard a high- pitched wolf whistle.  I spun around dropping into a ready stance only to see Tish, seemingly very pleased with herself.  I dropped my hands to cover myself and she laughed at me.  “There’s no point in that honey, if you can cover up with your hands I’m not going to be impressed anyway.”  She said.  I dropped my hands away and tried to look annoyed.  To be honest, I was amused until I wondered how long she had been here.  It was as though she could read my mind, “Sweet Heart, I’ve been here the whole time.  I heard everything.”  She said.  “To be honest, I haven’t heard anything that surprised me though.  If it makes you feel better, I’ll tell you my secret, well part of it anyway.”  She looked about, pretending to be worried someone else would over hear, and said, “I’ve only been here for about six months myself.  I’m here under the enforcers’ version of a witness protection plan.  That will have to be enough for you for now.”  She winked and said, “Maybe we can trade other secrets later.”  With that she turned and was gone almost too fast to follow, almost, but not quite.  I bet she didn’t know that.  I decided I would keep that secret.  I dried off, walked back to my locker and changed into my clothes.  I walked upstairs to see what I would find.
I entered the front office to find the twins there with David, Jeremiah, and Tish.  David said, “John, except for Jeremiah, this is the day shift team, you know everyone here.  Jeremiah is more of a night shift person but he moves freely to where ever he feels he’s most needed.  Our day shift team handles the office for new clients and day-to-day operations.  We are also the training shift; training new people until we feel comfortable they can handle things on their own.  Everyone here will be training you in some aspect of work or just how things are done now that you’re one of us.”  He turned to face the rest of the team and said, “The only difference is that you will be taking over Jeremy’s duties as trainer in martial arts.”  It was odd watching the expressions on everyone’s faces.  Tish just smirked like she knew this meant trouble, the twins looked at each other with surprise, unhappy surprise.  David didn’t hesitate long enough for any questions to be asked.  “Everyone suit up for sparring.”  He said.  “That’s the best way for everyone to gauge each others skill.  Once we’re done, if anyone feels they have issues with who will be teaching, at least it will be an educated opinion.”
The twins shared a grin as we all went downstairs to the gym.  I kept my face expressionless, not wanting to appear concerned or overconfident.  Not much was said as we all slipped into sweatpants and T-shirts and then walked over to the sparring mats.  Of course, everyone else had nice clean workout clothes, while mine were damp with sweat.  I was going to have to get a few sets of gym clothes.  David stepped into the center and motioned me to him.  “Let’s start with John and I.” he continued.  “We will spar so the rest of you can get a feel for what John’s got, and then perhaps some others can spar with John if they like.”  David faced me and said, “For the moment, just try and keep up with me, don’t try and ramp up past the level I’m fighting at, OK?”  “Yes sir”, I replied as I stepped into a ready stance.  “The rest of you watch for more than just how well he fights, watch his technique to see if you can spot any technical mistakes.  Those will tell you a lot about what kind of trainer he could be.”  As he ended his sentence he launched himself into an attack, just a little faster than you would expect from a normal.  I kept pace with his speed, at first just blocking his attacks and maintaining proper distance.  He seemed content to stay at this pace and so I began to switch over to being more aggressive.  Sometimes I would block and sometimes I would throw him.  When he was thrown he simply rolled with it and sprung back up to continue the fight.  He seemed quite comfortable, so I stepped up my offensive to include punches and kicks.  I landed every strike and then I realized he hadn’t landed a single punch or kick on me.  I felt sure he was holding back, but I stayed at the pace I was holding since he seemed comfortable with it.  After a few more moments he broke off and said, “That does it for me John.”  He faced the rest of the group and asked, “Did anyone notice any problems with his technique?”  The twins didn’t hesitate as they both said in unison, “He didn’t seem to press his attacks.”  David said, “Fair enough, let’s step this up then.”  He motioned in the twins’ direction and said, “Both of you step in and get ready to fight.”   Larry spoke up quickly and pointing at me said, “I thought we were going to learn more about him, I already know how my brother fights.”  David smiled and said, “Oh, John will be fighting.”  He turned to me and said, “John, fight to win, but no matter what, don’t kill them, don’t break any bones.”  Then he looked at the twins and said, “Let’s go ahead and leave no doubts in anyone’s mind.  Both of you can have at him at the same time.  No rules, except when I say stop, everyone stops.”  He looked at us and said, “Any questions?”  I said, “No,” and before I could say anything else the twins both attacked.  I moved at the pace they set.  I could see how they worked in concert, and it was well timed.  The comfort and trust they had in one another, the understanding of what the other half was capable of was beautiful.  At first I was able to simply defend, keeping things moving at their pace.  It didn’t take long for them to start getting a few blows in on me.  I realized I couldn’t take many of those and still win.  I had, after all, been instructed to fight to win.  I shifted as I blocked a kick to my head and the twins seemed to be moving in slow motion.  I didn’t bother to block anymore, seeing it as a waste of energy.  I simply stepped around their punches and kicks, dealing out a flurry of my own.  This lasted less than a minute before they dropped any pretense of attacking and just fell into a back-to-back defensive mode.  I pressed my attack, scoring at will until I heard David say, “That’s enough John.”  I shifted back down and stepped back away from the twins.  They looked pretty rough, Ben was already sporting the beginning of a black eye and Larry was obviously favoring his ribs.  Both were obviously shocked.  David walked back into the middle and quietly asked, “Does anyone feel like John isn’t our best choice for our martial arts trainer?”  No one spoke.  “OK,” he said, “those who fought shower up and meet me in my office.”  He nodded to me and left.  I hesitated, wondering if I had broken the team, or become more entrenched in it.  The twins quickly put that concern to rest.  “Dude!”  Larry said.  “We had no idea.  Can you teach us without putting serious pain on us?  That’s all I need to know.”  He was smiling as He said that, and I felt at ease as I said, “We can always move at your pace, and we can always keep the contact light.  I just enjoy martial arts and want the training to be something everyone else enjoys and learns from as well.”  Ben walked over, high fived me and said, “Let’s get showered up so we don’t keep David waiting.”
We walked upstairs to David’s office together and entered.  He looked up from some paperwork on his desk and asked, “We all good?”  We replied, “Yes Sir.” in unison.  I don’t really know why it just seems right to use “sir” sometimes, but it is.  Other times first names are appropriate, but you could just sense it in the way David had asked, that whatever the answer was, it needed to end in “sir.”  David smiled and said, “OK guys, I thought it would be that way.  Now, let me explain a few more things to keep everyone on the same sheet of music.”  He looked over at the twins and said, “John is far ahead of us, all of us, in martial arts skills.  I expect he will be growing even more so, very quickly.  First rule, we don’t talk of John’s skills outside of the pack.  Not to anyone for any reason.  Second rule.  David is way behind us in anything else.  Gentlemen, I need both of you, and everyone else on the team, to constantly watch out for John, correct him when he makes the mistakes he will make, and help him learn everything else he needs to know to be a working part of the team.  The absolutely only time John is in charge is when he’s running martial arts class.  For now, he’s more of a liability to us in our daily operations.  He’s freakishly good with martial arts and one day that might become our secret weapon.  For now, he remains a trainee.”  David looked squarely at me and said, “John, have one of the guys show you were the janitor’s closet is.  Trainees are in charge of cleaning up around here.  When you’re not busy cleaning up, find people moving slower than you and ask them about what they’re doing.  If someone on the team feels there is a good teaching moment for you, they may interrupt your janitor duties.”  David looked at our group and finished, “Clear out guys, I have work to do.”  Larry walked me down the hall and showed me the janitors’ closet.  “Remember, if you rough us up, we can always spill coffee on the carpet!”  We both laughed and he returned to the front office.  I took inventory of the cleaning equipment and supplies.  Electing to start with the vacuum cleaner, I got to work.  As I was cleaning the carpets, I realized I couldn’t remember being so happy.  Cleaning up behind the team was just fine with me for now, because I was a part of the team.

Ten

I had never worked so hard in my life.  Martial arts in the morning and the evening, constant training from other team members throughout the day, and if I found a few spare minutes, I was sweeping, vacuuming, mopping or taking out the trash.  On the other hand, I had learned to control my nights.  I had learned how to control what I thought of as my ‘energy burn’ so that I had time to eat and recover without the crashes I had experienced before.  I was surprised to learn that the others had never experienced these burnouts.  I only knew because I had been approached by several and asked had I been ill at the beginning of my change.  Well, everyone but Tish.  I saw her during martial arts training, but other than that, she seemed busy in matters that didn’t involve me.  I wanted to know more about her and some of the statements she made, and some of the things I thought she had inferred.  However, I had no intention of pursuing her about these things.  I felt she would approach me when she felt ready to tell me more.  Until then, I clung to the realization I had come to when I first got a chance to talk with the Cowboy while at the cabin.  Nothing was as important as training to survive.  The truth remained that if I could just survive, I would have time to learn every answer I needed.  I had made it an evening ritual to read one book before exploring the property the cabin was on.  I had finished all the martial arts books I had been given and had moved on to first aid books.  I needed access to a library and decided to ask David about that the first opportunity I found.  I was walking back to the office from the dumpster with an empty trashcan when Ben stepped out the back door and whistled.  “Hey, David wants us all in his office right away.”  I moved quickly to the door and caught up with Ben half way to the office.  “What’s up?”  I asked.  “I don’t know any more than you do, except he sounded uptight,” Ben replied.
We walked through the door to see everyone but Tish already there.  David looked up at us and said, “Tish will be here in just a few more minutes.  I called her and she was already on her way back from surveillance.”  He stood up and said, “There’s no point in all of us being crowded in here.  Ben, take the front door and Larry take the back door.  When she gets here, secure both doors and come down to the gym where the rest of us will be waiting.  The nightshift crew is already down there.”  With that, he stepped around the desk and motioned Jeremiah and I to follow.  I could tell this was not business as usual or even something that happened frequently enough for anyone on the team to be comfortable.  I could smell the sweat of worry and saw the way everyone moved as if ready to defend or attack at a moments’ notice.  I prepared myself as well.  I didn’t move up into anything more intense though.  I had no idea what was happening so I didn’t want to take any chances on burning out before I was needed, if this was anything I would be useful for.  David knew enough about me to tell me if I needed to ramp up, and Jeremy knew everything else about me.  He would turn me loose if he thought it was important enough.  I could almost feel the static in the air as nerves ratcheted tighter and then almost exploded as those in front of me walked into the gym.  I went into my highest level as I approached the door, ready for anything.  Except, of course, for what I found.  Standing next to Jeremy was Kyle, the enforcer I had met at the cabin.  I looked at Jeremy but sensed no feelings of a present threat, so I ratcheted back down to conserve energy.  As I did that, Kyle waived me over to Jeremy and him.  I couldn’t think of any good news that would be delivered in a situation like this and I wasn’t surprised by what followed.
“John, I was here as part of a small two men team to make sure you had left no reason for anyone to follow up on you from your previous life.”  “Everything was good until we stopped to make sure your rental had been sanitized.”  He looked at me as though measuring everything about me as he continued, “And then I saw your neighbor.”  I didn’t say anything.  “We did some checking, he goes by the name Randy Smith.”  He edged a little closer and I could see him tense up.  “What can you tell me about him?”  I looked him in the eye and said, “The guy was a jerk.  He saw me at least once in the backyard where the guys parked me after each of my first few nightly runs.  Asked me if I was OK, but I could tell he was really just being a jerk.”  I remembered and added, “I think he was the one who called the cops and complained about me sleeping in the backyard.  They came and asked a few questions, I told them I had just been relaxing under the stars, enjoying the view, and fell asleep.”  Kyle looked at me and said, “I believe you, but the odds of this are so low it’s just hard to believe it happened.”  He continued, “The guy you know as Randy, is part of a group that has been looking for Tish.  He is good, and probably was able to pick up Tish’s scent on you.  So he knows she is with the local pack.  I sent a message asking for guidance, but I don’t have time to wait for the answer, and I still don’t know what the plans are for you.”  He looked at Jeremy and said, “I don’t really have a choice.  How is he coming along with fighting skills?”  Jeremy looked at him, then at me as if trying to decide what to say, and back to him.  “John could take out everyone in this room, including you, even if we all tried to jump him at the same time.  As you well know, I have had more experience with the enforcers than I let on.  I thought at first that John would be a great fighter, but I have come to the conclusion, he’s more than that.  I’m not really sure what he is, perhaps an enforcer who is a very gifted martial artist.  However, he is one of us.  I have no doubts he can be trusted with anything.”  I will never forget that moment.  I was accepted, part of a team that counted on one another for their very survival.  I had never felt so proud.  Kyle was obviously surprised, he stopped and just looked at me a few seconds.  Then, he said the oddest thing, “Jeremy, I never heard that.  I can’t know that.  If I did, Tish and your team would be without any enforcer protection, and I would have to take John now.  So let me ask you for the first time, how good is Johns’ fighting skills?”  Jeremiah nodded and said, “John is beyond a doubt the best fighter on our team.”  “Good,” Kyle said, “I can work with that.”  As he spoke, Tish and the twins walked into the gym.  I noted that as soon as Tish saw Kyle she quit moving towards us, joining the rest of the group instead.  It was done very smoothly; I doubted anyone else noticed it.  Whatever she thought was taking place gave her no comfort. She seemed to struggle within and then come to some conclusion.  She calmed herself, and then walked straight over to stand in front of Kyle.  “It’s too soon, things are happening here and I can’t leave yet.”  She told him.  Kyle’s face morphed into regret, and with a slow deep timbre he said, “It is already too late, we did not know they had located you, and there is no where to take you.  On the road it would be just a few of us.  Here, we have pack that knows the territory and will stand with us.  Jeremiah is more than he seems.  Also, there is John.  I trust Jeremiah’s intuition and will use John as your personal security.”  Tish gasped and said very quietly, very tensely, “He is not even an enforcer yet.  You put him in a position where he will most likely lose his life, for things he has no grasp of!”  Kyle didn’t even reply to her.  He looked me in the eye and as he spoke to me, I knew my reply before he even really started.  “John, I can’t even tell you who or what Tish is, only that I will give my life to see to her safety, but my life alone won’t be enough to keep her safe.  You are completely unknown to anyone but the pack, a Governor, and I.  So you will have surprise and high level fighting skills on your side.  No harm must come to her, will you help me protect her?”  I didn’t even hesitate, “Yes, I would die for her.” I said.  He didn’t even look surprised.  I on the other hand was.  I hadn’t realized how I felt about her until I had spit out those words.  I had meant to say yes, the other words weren’t anything I had planned to say.  I realized that it wasn’t just taking care of the team.  When it came to Tish, it was very personal.  I was angry just thinking of someone trying to hurt her.  He continued, “This will no longer be fighting.  They want to kill her, and you can’t afford to handicap yourself by just fighting and defending.”  He placed a hand on my shoulder and softly said, “At any sign of danger, the answer is to kill.  Kill in defense of any attack.  Kill if you think someone poses a danger to her.  Anything less will result in both of your deaths.  I need her to survive John.  You must not hesitate.  Do you understand?”  My reply was simple.  “I do,” I said, “and I will.”  Tish looked upset, Kyle looked relieved and Jeremiah, Jeremiah was already miles ahead of me, making plans.  Kyle nodded at David, who called out, “Everyone gather around, Kyle is in charge until he says otherwise.”  “Trust him and believe me when I say, this will be the most crucial thing most of us will ever do for the good of our people.”
I saw something new in everyone’s face.  Before my eyes people who had been serious at times, but always with laughter and kindness at the ready, now wore battle hardened looks that framed eyes of cold determination.  People who would accept nothing less than victory surrounded me.  These were the kind of people who would honestly die before they would accept less than winning.  Most incredible was the fact that at no point did a single member need time to consider how they were going to handle the situation.  It was simply who they were.  I stood there surrounded by more than just people I knew.  These were people who gave up their individual needs when called upon to sacrifice for a greater good.  It had never occurred to me that I would one day be numbered among these kind of people.  I was honored.
Kyle addressed the team like he had always been in charge.  This was no false attempt at being closely connected with us.  Kyle was just used to be being in charge and felt quite comfortable with it.  “We will be splitting into two teams with two different objectives.  The first team will be handling surveillance of a known agent so that we can build a roster of his team.  We need to know everything we can about who they are and what their plans are.  Once we have built up a complete picture of what we’re dealing with, if we haven’t been forced to take action already, we will plan how to remove their team.  The second team will be in charge of protecting Tish.  The second team will consist of John, Tish and Jeremiah.  Jeremiah will also be the go between for the two teams.  Ben and Larry, I have some loose ends I need taken care of, and then sometime after dinner the two of you will report to the cabin.  John, you need to go ahead and drive Tish back to the cabin.  Tish, you will stay on the phone with Jeremiah until he says you can hang up.”  Kyle turned to Jeremiah and said, “Go ahead and move out, you know what to do.  Call me when it’s done.”  As Jeremiah walked out of the gym Kyle turned back to me and said, “Tish has a go bag in her trunk.  Make sure and take time to grab it, and leave her keys in the front seat of her car.  Leave the car unlocked.”  Tish’s phone rang and she said, “Hello Jeremiah.”  Kyle said to me, “Move out, you’re in Jeremiah’s hands until you get to the cabin.  After that, her life is in your hands.”  Without another word, I walked out of the gym with Tish following me.
“I have the keys.”  She said.  “When you say ‘go’ I will open the trunk, grab my bag and then toss the keys onto the drivers seat from the passenger side.  Then I will get into the back seat from the drivers side, OK?”  I nodded my head.  I didn’t want to talk, I wanted to listen to everything possible around me, I wanted to smell everything, and I wanted to see everything.  I moved into a higher mode and was glad she seemed to understand what I was doing and quit talking.  Oddly, I sensed her move into a higher mode.  At first I wasn’t sure why I knew, but then I realized that her heartbeat had sped up and although her respiration wasn’t faster, it was deeper.  Also, there was just this feeling.  I hadn’t remembered feeling it before, but so much was new to me, that perhaps I had missed it at first and then she had become careful around me.  Realizing I then knew more about her than she was ready to share, I quickly shelved that information and went back on recon mode.  I knew there was a cat outside the back door while I was still ten feet from it.  I knew nothing else was moving between the door and our parked cars before I opened the door.  I wasn’t really happy with that information.  That could just mean a team of very quiet snipers were on a nearby roof.  “Keep your hand on my back and stay behind me.”  I said.  Expecting her to comply, I opened the door and moved forward quickly to her car while scanning the area.  “Go,” I said.  She smoothly opened the trunk, grabbed her bag, closed the trunk and then pressed me forward ahead of her to open the passengers’ side door of her car and toss her keys onto the drivers’ seat.  She really didn’t stop moving to do any of that, the pressure on my back never let up until I heard my passenger door open and almost the same instant the pressure was gone I heard the car door close.  I did a quick scan while reaching for the drivers’ door and then was starting the car while closing my door.  I rolled out of the parking lot and turned left because no one had given me any directions yet.  A right would have been quicker but a left gave me a few minutes to see if I was being followed while at the same time, I hoped, would be the least expected move if someone was setting up an ambush.  As I did so, I heard Tish speak into the phone.  “You win,” I heard her say, “I owe you a dollar.”  Then she told me, “Keep going straight and make a left at the next intersection.”  I did as I was told without hesitation.  This part belonged to Tish and Jeremiah.  I was the driver and security while they were the navigators.  Their job was to think and plan, mine was to observe for problems and drive.  As I was making my left at the intersection, Tish sang out, “Make the second left from here.”  After I made that turn she told me, “Now just head back to the office and drive past it taking the most direct route to the cabin.  Jeremiah is ahead of us and moving fast, we do the speed limit, and it gives him plenty of time to look for any trouble on our route.”  I stayed in my high level mode for the rest of the trip and noticed nothing unusual.  As we pulled off onto the dirt road Tish told me, “Jeremiah’s inside the cabin, he says we will make some plans and then he will be staying the night with us.  Tomorrow we will be on our own until something new is learned.”  I drove up a few minutes later and parked next to Jeremiah’s truck.  I spooled back down to normal as I crossed the threshold.


Eleven

I closed the door behind Tish like a proper gentleman.  I hadn’t been close to my parents, but they had instilled in me that it was important to conduct myself as a gentleman.  All of the schools I had attended reinforced that value.  Jeremiah was already cooking in the kitchen.  I really liked the way he thought about food.  Jeremiah looked up and said, “You two relax a little while I cook.  We’re alone and I believe we will stay that way tonight.  I’m only sticking around because the three of us need to talk about a few things.  Dinner should be ready in an hour.”
Tish walked with me towards the two overstuffed chairs and sat down beside me.  She leaned forward and very quietly said, “John, a lot has been asked of you, and you didn’t back away when you saw your team was in serious trouble.  You need to know the truth, but not everyone needs to know all of the truth.  After Jeremiah leaves tomorrow, you and I are going to need to be completely honest with one another about what we’re capable of.  That way we will be sure about who will take the lead during any fight we find ourselves in.  OK?”  I thought about it and said, “I think anything we have to say can be said in front of Jeremiah.  I understand being careful about who knows what, but Jeremiah knows everything about me already, and I trust his judgment.”  Tish looked like it wasn’t what she really wanted to hear, and then said, “OK, but it stays between Jeremiah and us, agreed?”  I didn’t hesitate, “Agreed.”  “Fine,” she said as she stood up, “we also agree, of course, that the larger bedroom is mine.”  Arching her eyebrow at me she asked, “Will you need a moment to clear your stuff out of my room?”  I smiled and said, “I don’t see any real reason to move my stuff, do you?”  She looked amused saying, “You don’t really think you’re sleeping with me tonight!”  I really enjoyed it when I said, “Of course not, it’s just all of my belongings are in the smaller bedroom.”  “Jerk,” she said, “I will be in my room, you may summon me for dinner.”  She disappeared into her bedroom and I got up to talk with Jeremiah while he cooked.
I walked into the kitchen and said, “Jeremiah, she wants to know everything about me and said she will tell me everything about her.  I said we had to include you, because I trust you and your judgment.”  “I hope I haven’t placed you in a difficult position.  She did agree to it.”  Jeremiah laughed out loud.  “John,” He said, “It isn’t often someone like you pushes around someone like her.  I’m going to give you a little wiggle room.  After dinner, I will start out with telling what I know about her, which is more than she suspects, and enough about me that when she learns what I know it won’t start a big fight.  My advice to you is to just listen until one of us asks you directly for something.”  I thought about it and then said, “I believe I would like to say a few things first about myself.  Although I will remain open to be being proven wrong, I think it might be helpful if the guy with the least amount of cards laid his down first.  Would that be OK?”  Jeremiah looked at me a little oddly and asked, “Why do I feel like you’ve been keeping secrets?”  “Not Secrets,” I replied, “Just recent developments that might need to be taken into consideration as we determine where I will fit into the plans we make.”  He nodded his agreement and turned back to cooking the meal.  I sat down and enjoyed the smells.  It was definitely my favorite room in the cabin.
Dinner was quickly tucked away, the food excellent, the company strained.  It seemed a shame, food of such quality prepared with such care, deserved an air of camaraderie or at least a quiet and nourishing atmosphere.  Still, I did enjoy the meal.  As I cleared the dishes, both Jeremiah and Tish adjourned to the back porch.  I heard no attempts at conversation and as I walked out onto the porch they both seemed lost in their thoughts.  I, however, was in a mood to just get this over so we could stop wasting time guessing each other’s secrets.  I cleared my throat and said, “So, let me start this off by stating unequivocally that I’ve been continuing to change.  I can move much faster and am a much better fighter than any of you realize.”  I continued, “I hadn’t shared this with you Jeremiah, because I hadn’t found a quiet minute where I could have a private conversation with you.  You taught me I need to be careful until I understand everything at play.”  I finished with, “I think that time is over now, it’s time to lay my cards on the table so everyone understands what I’m capable of.”  Even as I uttered the end of my sentence Jeremiah and Tish were out of their chairs and attacking me in unison.  They moved quicker than anything I had seen before, although Tish was obviously faster.  I was only just able to slip into my high level before they reached me, slipping into an Aikido stance and throwing Tish in one direction and then changing up so that I could toss Jeremiah in the same direction.  I knew I wanted to keep them together.  They rolled back up into fighting stances, Jeremiah laughing.  “All right, all right, I owe you a dollar,” said Tish.  “OK old man, go sit down and watch, you already know enforcers defer to me.  Watch and learn why.”  She gave me a look of pity and said, “You are a cute little puppy, but you need to learn what you are, and what you aren’t.  Fight hard, because I’m going to hurt you to make my point.  Don’t worry about me, I heal very fast.”  With that, she moved at a speed I had never seen before and kicked me in the ribs, I felt one break.  I also felt it heal even as she smiled at me.  At that moment something happened to me that I had never expected.  My high level was discarded like yesterdays trash.  My body, my mind shifted into a place I had never been to before.  I instinctively realized that there was no top level, only steps I would achieve as I grew.  She was telling me she was sorry it had to be this way and that now at least I would understand where I fit in.  I believe she only saw a blur as I leaped in, lightly slapped her in the face and then leaped back to the porch next to Jeremiah.  Jeremiah gasped and Tish looked shocked.  I calmly said, “I think I know where I fit in, but you can try a few rounds and make up your own mind.  Don’t worry, I promise I won’t hurt you.  I don’t need to.”  She moved at me in what I suppose was her ultimate speed.  I slipped behind her as she arrived, slapped her in the back of the head and moved to where she had started from before she could even turn around.  Jeremiah whispered, “I didn’t even see all of that!”  He was shocked at the display and it openly showed.  Tish looked very confused and said, “I don’t think what just happened is possible.  No offense, but I did break one of your ribs, right?”  I smiled and said, “You did, but it healed in a few seconds.”  I took a second to let that sink in, and then said, “You need to understand, that won’t always be my top speed.  I’m still growing and everything whispers to me that these are only baby steps.  It would appear the faster I accept things the faster I grow.”  Jeremiah then asked what the most insightful question of the night probably was.  “You have healed a broken bone, and moved faster than anything I believed was possible.  How hungry are you now?”  I considered that, and then answered, “I’m not really hungry.  I could eat something when I have time to, but I’m not burning through calories like I was when you first discovered me running around in the woods.  My body seems to do a great job of storing energy and then using it in a much more efficient manner now.  I think the burnouts were just the result of my mind and body being out of balance.”  
“I don’t know for a fact what you are, but there are rumors of such people,” said Tish.  Jeremiah broke in, “And we need to make sure no one else knows about this until we get him back to the governors.  No one, not even the enforcers need to know.  If John can’t take care of himself at this point, there is nothing any of us can do to help him.”  I looked at Jeremiah and said, “That’s not true.  I have physical capabilities and I can learn anything at an incredible pace.  What I don’t know, and what you and Tish can teach me, is what’s important to learn next.  I don’t understand the political or even the day to day working of our people.  I don’t know who all of our enemies are, much less their weaknesses and strengths.”  I looked in Tish’s eyes and said, I need both of you or I will not be able to know my friends and enemies, until it’s too late.”  Jeremiah cleared his throat and took control of our meeting.
“I think you need to be aware of a few things now.  You can’t really make a decision without understanding what we believe we’re facing.  Also, you need to understand that it is very important that others don’t understand what you’re capable of.  This isn’t solely to preserve the element of surprise when the moment comes, but also to protect Tish, Kyle and myself.  You see, the governors would not allow you to risk yourself for even Tish, if they knew what you could do.”  He then looked at Tish as he continued, “I suppose first we should talk about Tish.  I will tell you what I know and what I believe.  Afterwards, if Tish wants to make any corrections she can.”  “Or,” he added, “She may decide to wait until I leave before she covers anything she feels you need to know.”  It was with that opening that I finally began to learn about Tish.  “Tish was brought to us by Kyle and three other enforcers about eight months ago.  This in itself was unusual, as enforcers travel as a team of two.  That’s done to ensure one hundred percent redundancy.  You see; one enforcer is always enough.”  Jeremiah smiled at Tish and continued, “So when Kyle arrived with three other enforcers and Tish, I knew this was a very unusual situation.  Now at this point, I’m going to tell you something the rest of the team doesn’t know.  The reason Tish was brought here is because I’m what can best be described as a retired enforcer.  When we reach the stage where we just move slower than we used to, and take longer to heal, we’re given the option to go out into the world in a reserve status and draw a small stipend, or stay active but no longer a fielded asset.  I chose to go with the reserve status, it looked more fun to me.”  He shook his head and resumed, “Even with my reserve status, I wasn’t trusted with any background information on Tish.  Only that she was a high level asset and that she needed to be hidden away in our pack.  I was also told that some type of opposition was actively searching for her, and if anything resembling a threat was made to the pack, I was to immediately report it to Kyle.”  Jeremiah smiled at Tish and said, “I of course spent most of my time watching Tish to make up my own mind.  It was obvious to my trained eye that she was always holding back during sparring and any other situation that could make it obvious she had capabilities above high normal.  However, I could tell she was functioning at a very competent enforcer level, at minimum.  That didn’t explain why she would need a place to hide.  In fact, that would have demanded the opposite.  An enforcer would have called a team together and removed the threat.  It’s what they do.  That led me to believe that Tish was a strong candidate for becoming a Governor.  Everything I’ve seen in her just solidifies that opinion.  She’s fast, strong and intelligent.  The way she interacted with Kyle tonight seems to confirm this.  No one but a governor or a candidate for governor would have spoken to an enforcer the way she did.”  Jeremiah shrugged and said, “To summarize, what you have on hand is an old retired enforcer and someone who is probably not a governor yet, but has been chosen to train to become a governor in the future.  Typically, we would put everyone on full alert to protect Tish, and you would be expected to give up your life to protect her.  You, however, are unlike anything any of us have seen before.  I don’t really know what you are, but I’m real glad you’re on our side.  Watching you, I don’t know of much that would be a real threat to you except, as you pointed out, your own inexperience.  Between the three of us, we need to address that and understand it’s our number one priority, because the more you know the safer Tish will be.”  He stopped, and looking at me pulled a coin out of his pocket and flipped it.  Looking at it he shrugged and finished with, “Besides, as valuable as you will be to our people, I know of nothing that can do a better job of protecting you, than you yourself.”
I was caught off guard to hear Tish laughing.  “Old man,” she said, “you’ve been watching too many Hollywood movies!”  With a twinkle in her eyes, she continued, “I can’t believe I just watched you pull a coin out of your pocket and toss it like you were basing what you did next on how it landed.”  She looked at me and said, “Don’t let this old scoundrel fool you, he was thinking of the end game before we even knew there was a game!”  She smiled as she finished and I could tell she meant that as a compliment to Jeremiah.  Jeremiah just nodded as in agreement.
Tish got quiet for a few seconds, and we waited to see what she would say.  She sighed and turned to Jeremiah.  “Jeremiah, I’m sorry they didn’t just let you in on everything.  You’re correct; I had been elected for training to become a governor.  Unfortunately, a situation came up, so my sponsor thought it best to hide me away for a while, until we could decide how to best deal with the circumstances.”  She gave a sad little smile and said, “Because as we all know, accidents do happen.”  She shrugged and said, “I have no idea how they tracked me here, and neither do the enforcers or the governors.  My sponsor is still not admitting I’m here.  It would appear there are many levels of intrigue at play here.”  She turned to me and said, “I will teach you what I know of the governors.  I can teach you some of what you need to know about our people, but as for our enemies, no one can teach you more than an enforcer.”  She concluded, “With that, I shall leave our battle plans to our enforcer.”  She walked past me towards the porch, and paused next to Jeremiah.  She caught both of us off guard when she reached out and gave Jeremiah a hug.  “Thanks old man, for what you’ve done, what you’re doing and for what you will do.  They already tell stories about you when enforcers are spoken of.”  Satisfied with events thus far, she sat down.
Jeremiah looked caught off guard, for the second time tonight.  He took a second to digest what Tish had said, then he asked me, “John, can you learn by listening as fast as you can by reading?”  I thought about it and said, “I can memorize something as fast as a person can tell it.  After that I would have to run through it once in my mind.  That part”, I concluded, “would be much faster.”  John looked relieved and said, “Good, I will tell you what you need to know once we finish with our plans and leave it to the two of you to get your training from Tish done as quickly as possible.”  With that he quickly covered our schedule for sentry duty, and that we would be without him for a day or two once it appeared that our cabin and property remained off the radar of the group pursuing us.  He finished by letting us know that the twins already new their sentry positions and would take up their positions after parking their car by the cabin.  We wouldn’t see them until lunch.  We would feed them lunch, let them get some sleep and they would return to town where they would augment the night shift.  As Jeremiah concluded, Tish excused herself and retired for the night.  Jeremiah said, “Let’s go inside and get comfortable.  I have a lot to tell you.”
Twelve

I sat in one of the overstuffed chairs and relaxed.  Jeremiah had already told me he would be speaking for about three hours, taking a ten-minute break between each hour.  Jeremiah set a glass of water on a nearby shelf, turned to me and began.  In the first hour, I learned about vampires.  I had always believed that vampires where just for scary stories.  Unfortunately, it appeared the legend had a little more bite to them.
  Vampires, like us, had three basic levels, Feeders, Gentry and Royalty.  Unlike us, they were not born.  They made a choice to become what they were.  They willingly traded their lives, and for those that had it, their faith, to become a vampire.  They chose to accept an existence that required the blood of others.  They gave up their humanity for gifts of longevity as well as powers roughly equal to our own.  We were as God intended us to be while they chose to become something different.  There was no uneasy truce between us.  We killed them whenever we could and they reciprocated.  They were an abomination to God and hunted His people.  We, who have been created to be warriors, are honor bound to protect all of Gods’ creations from those things not of God.  No, they could not turn themselves into bats.  They didn’t really feel pain as much as discomfort.  They were willing to deal with a lot of discomfort to meet their goals.  They could be killed but it took decapitation or destruction of their head.  Stake through the heart?  That was merely propaganda and misinformation, as far as we could tell.  Destroy the head, and destroy the vampire.  The first hour was over.  Jeremiah picked up the now empty glass and as he turned to the kitchen he asked, “You need anything from the kitchen?”
He returned from the kitchen and asked me, “Do you really have everything I said memorized?”  I thought about it a few seconds and they said, “I have memorized everything you’ve said, how you have said it, any smells and background sounds within my hearing distance.  I have everything memorized and once I study it I will not only know everything you said but every subliminal message available while you spoke.”  I realized I was hungry and said, “I didn’t realize how many calories I’ve burned today.  I think you had the right idea when you asked if I needed anything.  Let me get some food to snack on while you give your next presentation.  I’ll be right back.”  I hopped up and went to the fridge where I grabbed a roasted chicken, half a pizza and a gallon of milk.  As I returned I said to Jeremiah, “The stuff on Vampires was equally incredible and disgusting.  I know it isn’t on the menu for tonight, but I can’t wait to learn more about them when I can.  How do they hide so well, how do they cover up their kills?”  Jeremiah nodded and told me, “I understand.  Unfortunately we don’t have that luxury now.  Let’s move on to our next topic of discussion.”
“The Huntsmen,” Jeremiah began, “are a highly organized group that seem to have some type of religious connection.  Their financial support, as well as their leadership, seems to be in the Mideast.  We have yet to find out why we’re targeted by them because they refuse to be captured alive.”  He shook his head sadly as he continued, “We really don’t know enough about them.  We know they are well funded, move in teams of four or more, and target us as well as the vampires.”  He raised an eyebrow and saying, “I’ve only seen them confused once about what to do.  There was a four-man team fighting a losing battle with a vampire.  This was back in my active Enforcer days, and my partner and I jumped in to help them take down the vampire.  Once it was down for good, a fight erupted between them on attacking us or not.  Don’t know what they decided, we left while they were still fighting amongst themselves.”  “John,” he said, “You have to stay at least ten feet away from them.”  “They have a tattoo on their right upper arm and somehow, it let’s them know if one of us is close by.”  “We think that’s how they figured out Tish is here.”  Jeremiah continued with more details about the group, what we did know about their Mideast connections, and how they operated.  They had some interesting weapons of choice, dedicated their lives to killing their chosen enemies, and trained hard.  They made up falling short against us in physical prowess by emphasizing weapons and long-range tactics.  Still, a four men team of them could take down someone below Enforcer level in a hand-to-hand combat situation.  
Jeremiah obviously wanted to wrap up the lessons and he offered, “I can push on to our next topic, unless you need a break.”  I was riveted; learning so much about other people I had no idea existed.  I have to admit that it concerned me that so much had been going on around me that I had never noticed.  I told Jeremiah, “I don’t need a break, and I need to learn everything you can tell me.”  Jeremiah gave an approving nod and said, “Then it’s on to Witches.  They are real, they aren’t born as witches, and they make the decision to do what has to be done so that they can become a witch.”  He went on to educate me concerning witches.  They have no permanent powers.  They have spells, which can be very powerful, that are active as long as a team of them keeps the spell going.  They also have talismans they can imbue with enchants, but these are low level spells or one time use spells.  The danger witches presented was two fold.  One, they felt entitled to use any means to achieve a goal once they decided it was one they cared to pursue.  Two, most powerful spells required a copious amount of blood.  It didn’t always have to be innocent blood, but you could take it for granted that the blood had been obtained from someone who wasn’t a witch.  The only time a witch would use her own blood was a very small amount for a spell bound specifically to her.  There were both male and female witches.  However, they were as a group called witches.  A Warlock was the equivalent of an enforcer, and an Oracle is the equivalent of a governor. Witches didn’t single out our people for attacks, at least no more than any other group of people.  That didn’t really make it any better when they did target one of us.  They were relentless, brutal, and nothing short of death stopped them.  On the other hand, other than being the last one standing, there weren’t any special rules about killing a witch.  “And that,” Jeremiah said, “sums up what I know about the groups of people out there who actively mean us harm or find it acceptable in the realization of their goals.  Now don’t ever believe that’s all you need to worry about.  There are criminals and murderers hiding everywhere.  They could be the average looking guy out on the street with no special ability except hate, or sometimes one of our own goes bad.  Eyes wide open John, only completely trust a very few close friends, and perhaps some of your family.”
Jeremiah said, “I need to move around a little, stretch out.  I know where the twins are posted, so we can avoid them and any questions we both know they will have for the moment.  Step out the back door with me, and lets take a slow walk to the lake.”  He finished with, “What I have to say next isn’t anywhere near enough to require you to memorize like a book.  This is just a short list of minor stuff.”  With that he led the way to the backdoor and without a word we walked through the clearing toward the pond.  Once we were on the path leading towards the pond, I learned the real reason we had stepped out.  It had nothing to do with stretching our legs.  Although I thought it did feel nice to do so.
Jeremiah said, “OK, I lied.  I just needed to say this to you in private.”  I quickly held up my hand to stop him from continuing.  I thought for a second about how I wanted to handle this situation.  Jeremiah, who I trusted, felt this should be said in private.  Tish, who was no more than fifty feet away, obviously felt otherwise.  I was going to either out Tish, who was still underestimating what I was capable of, or let Jeremiah say something within hearing distance of Tish that he felt should be just between us.  Jeremiah was smiling at me, gave me a wink and with a gesture of his hand where Tish couldn’t see it, let me know he was aware we weren’t alone.  I was glad to be off the hook, and asked, “Are you sure this isn’t something Tish needs to know about?”  Jeremiah grinned and said, “Oh she knows about this.  I just wasn’t sure if she would pass it on to you, and I don’t want you to get caught off guard by this.”  He looked around as if making sure we were still alone and then continued, “The governors aren’t perfect, they’re political, and if things don’t feel right, follow your instincts.  What I’m trying to say is, they are known to sacrifice the occasional pawn to achieve their goals.  I trust Tish,” he continued, “but she might not be aware of it if they are using her as a pawn.”  Then I watched Jeremiah’s face grow very firm as he said, “I think Tish is one of the good guys, but she might need more protecting than she is aware of.  Keep her safe John,” and then he emphasized, “from everybody.”  He turned back to the cabin and said, “I suppose you will stay up tonight so you’re ready for your shift tomorrow?  I replied with a question, “So why did you pick me for the night shift here at the cabin?”  Jeremiah didn’t hesitate with his answer, “John, you were headed over to night shift anyway.  The decision had already been made.  Almost all the heavy-duty danger happens on the night shift.  So we put our most dangerous members on night shift.  That,” he said, “is why you work the night shift.”  About then we reached the cabin and went inside.  I told Jeremiah that yes, I would be staying up tonight, and he said I should take time to stop by and talk to each of the twins.  Then he whispered to me, “And Tish if she’s in the mood to talk.”
I grabbed some leftovers from the fridge and washed them down with lots’ of water.  I hadn’t heard Tish come back inside, so I was fairly sure she was still outside.  I decided to let her trail me as I visited the twins, just because it felt right to let her lose a little sleep if she wasn’t going to start trusting me with everything.  I stepped out the back door and took the shortest path to the woods, using everything I could as cover.  Once I reached the concealment of the woods, I slowed down and thought about where it would make the most sense for each of the twins to be placed.  One would be in position to watch the road.  If it were a fast move using a superior force to attack, they would want the speed of a road.  In this case, the road was our driveway.  The twin would be close enough to the house to raise an alarm if needed.  The other brother would be in position to watch the rear of the house.  Again, close enough to raise an alarm.  I pictured it in my mind and realized I had missed something.  Each of them would be in position to watch one side of the house as well.  If the one in front was positioned to the left of the cabin, the one in back would be to the right of the cabin.  This way two people could provide security for the entire perimeter.  I would have kicked up my abilities a notch, but Tish was out here also.  I kicked it up two notches and started making my way to the front, where I would parallel the driveway until I found the first brother.  As I moved forward I became a part of the woods, knowing the trails left by small animals and tracking where the deer were.  More importantly, where the deer weren’t because that’s where brother one would be.  I moved onto a deer trail and then took advantage of it by racing across into the next really dense part of the woods.  Once I was in cover of the denser woods, I moved off of the trail and came to a complete stop.  I wanted to see if I could hear Tish moving about tracking me.  I almost couldn’t hear her.  About thirty feet from where I had crouched down I heard her moving fast and then she passed me and the sound faded into the distance.  I gave myself a mental high five and reversed direction, heading for the back of the cabin.  It didn’t take long before I found the second brother.  I crept back away and then made a respectable amount of noise as I approached.  Very quiet but enough he knew someone was coming.  Once I was about twelve feet from him, I called out softly, “Hey, it’s Jeremiah.”  I heard in reply, “I’m over here.”  I moved in to where he stood and said, “Thanks for giving me a chance to get briefed and prepare myself before I had to start pulling security for the night shift.”  He smiled as he told me, “It’s OK, we’re just glad to help.  I will feel better once we can have some backup out here to allow eight-hour shifts.  I have no idea when that will be though.  Then he shrugged and asked, “So how close did you get before you already knew where I was?”  I decided to be honest and told him, I had a vague idea of where you were just from what I’ve studied on tactics.  I didn’t know exactly where you were until I got about twenty feet out from you.”  He looked surprised as he said, “I didn’t know you were there until you were a little over ten feet from me.  I heard something approaching just a little further out, but I figured it was just a deer.”  I gave him a friendly pat on the shoulder and asked, “Do you need anything I can bring you?”  He didn’t, he had packed well for the job.  I thanked him again as I faded back into the woods for my next visit.  I hoped Tish was close by brother one, trying to spot me.  I had every intention of talking to her first, and then visit the other brother.  I had already moved past the front of the house, moving close by the driveway opposite of where I expected him to be.  I thought I would check that side first for Tish.  Then I heard the sound of a slowly approaching vehicle.  It felt bad; anyone from the team would be driving at a normal speed, with his headlights on.  I heard it before I could see it, so they were moving forward slowly with the headlights off.  I didn’t hesitate, I softly called out, “This is John, where are you?”  I heard the reply, “Over here.”  I crossed the road so quickly my shadow almost couldn’t keep up.  Well, perhaps not that fast, but I was moving with a purpose.  “Listen,” I said, “Have you heard the approaching car?”  He said, “What?  No, I don’t hear anything!”  I told him, “I’ve got this, I want you to move back to your brothers’ position and bring him back here.  Do you know where he is?”  “Yes,” he replied.  I told him, “Good.  I will have Tish fall back with you and replace him so we still have that position covered.  You have that Tish?”  I heard a surprised, “Crap!”  I tried not to smirk and added, “Tish, on the way back, stop at the cabin and let Jeremiah know what’s going down.”  The only reply I heard was the rustling of the brush as she sacrificed stealth for speed, behind her ran the first brother.  The vehicle was moving really slow, I calculated about a minute away and so I picked up a fist sized rock and got into position.  I had to be sure this was real trouble and not stupid trouble.  Real trouble was a team to take down the cabin.  Stupid trouble was a couple of drunks or poachers after some deer.  About fifteen-seconds before the vehicle got to my position a rather noisy approach came from the direction of the cabin.  I stopped myself before I hit Jeremiah with the rock.  I was saving it for the car.  “You know what you’re doing?”  Jeremiah asked.  “I do,” I replied.  Jeremiah just said, “Then I will watch the show,” and quietly faded back a little into the woods just as the vehicle rounded the bend.  I tossed the rock underhanded and it bounced off of the hood.  As that happened I called out from the concealment of the woods, “Are you sure you want to be out here?”  As I spoke I ramped up into a very high level and moved parallel to the driveway, a little behind the car and still concealed in the woods.  I counted three people in the car, which was an odd number.  I mean odd as in I expected a team of two or four because that made sense.  Three was odd, as in strange.  I didn’t have any more time to consider that as the doors burst open and two people moved toward where I had thrown the rock from as the third man exited the rear of the car and watched.  All of this played out in slow motion as I pushed myself into my highest level.  I leapt out from the woods and moved towards the third man, striking him with a chop to the back of his neck.  I heard a crack and he was still dropping to the ground as I moved past him to where the other two had disappeared into the woods.  I wanted them before they found Jeremiah.  Those two moved more like Enforcers would than like one of my pack.  I was still processing that these were our people.  I could smell it.  Still, they were here uninvited and chose to attack instead of talk.  I moved into the woods pinpointing where they were from the sounds they made.  They were very quiet.  More quiet than a deer, but still loud enough for me to easily track them.  They were moving to where Jeremiah was.  As I was catching up I heard Jeremiah call out to them, “You two are making a big mistake.  The people here are under the protection of the governors.”  They split up circling Jeremiah as one replied, “Not everyone works for the governors.  The boy you found will be coming with us.”  The other spoke harshly, “Shut up you fool!  Let’s just get this done.”  I didn’t have time to really let all of that sink in, even moving as fast as I was it was going to be close whether I would be able to make the first strike in this fight.  However, one hung back to let the other force Jeremiah to commit to him.  I Kicked the one who had hung back in the groin from behind, stepped around and kneed him in the face so hard it stood him back up, placed my right hand on his chin, my left hand on the back of his head and saw what was about to happen register on his face just before I snapped his neck.  The now dead man’s partner looked in shock at his partner and me, which was an incredible tactical blunder.  Jeremiah stepped to the side and delivered a crushing blow to the man’s temple.  As he was crumpling to the ground I moved in and gave him a finishing blow.  As I looked up, dropping back down into a more normal level I was caught completely off guard as Jeremiah slapped me in the back off the head hard enough I saw stars.  I was still processing everything I had heard.  So I just stared at Jeremiah and when he noticed the lack of comprehension in my eyes, he shook his head.  “You killed the guy back at the car?”  He asked.  “Yes, Sir.”  I replied.  He asked, “Did you kill the first guy of this pair?”  Again, I said, “Yes, Sir.”  He asked, “How about this guy I had just knocked out, did you kill him?”  I was really confused.  I knew he wasn’t mad at me for killing the guy he was fighting before he could.  Jeremiah just wasn’t like that.  I said, “Yes, Sir.”  He looked at me another second, then he said, “I guess we need to cover a few more basics tomorrow when we get the chance.  For now, I want you to consider something.  Which one are you going to question about their operation?”  I heard Tish snickering in the woods on my left.  I felt incredibly stupid.  That quite honestly felt like a very simple point.  I knew that this would be something I was going to hear about for a long time.  “Tish,” Jeremiah called out, “hold this post until one of the twins relieves you.  John, run ahead and tell the twins to start clean up and then fall back to the cabin.  We will have a quick review of events before you help the twins clean up.”  I ran ahead and did as I was told.  I really wanted to avoid disappointing Jeremiah anymore tonight.  

Thirteen

Jeremiah led the way back to the cabin while the twins did whatever cleanup was.  I understood it meant the bodies and evidence were removed.  I realized it was yet another thing I was going to have to learn.  I was starting to feel kind of sick.  To be honest, I was completely freaking out.  I mean, I had just killed three people with no thought about it except to do what I thought needed to be done.  Some parts of me wanted to scream out and run away from what I had become.  Until now, everything I had become was beautiful, once I had it under control.  I thought about the three lifeless bodies I had just left in the dirt, as though they had never been of any value.  I realized I had become a monster.  I was the thing in the night people feared.  I was so ashamed.  I was afraid because I didn’t feel like it was something I would never do again.  What kind of animal could do something like that, then review the details for how to improve on it next time.  I had already replayed every step in my head numerous times as I picked apart my movements to see where I could have been more efficient.  I should have been on the ground writhing in shame and remorse and instead I was learning how to do it more efficiently next time.  I was a monster, and even though ashamed, I knew I would continue to be one because that’s what I had to be to protect those I cared about.  I would protect them, but I didn’t want to dirty them with my presence.  I should be kept in a cage and just let out for emergencies.  I was lost deep in my lamentations over losing what I once was and becoming this thing that was needed.  I was barely noticing the world around me.  I was completely surprised when after stepping through the cabin door I felt the impact of a very powerful punch to my jaw as I was knocked down.
“I hope I have your complete attention now.” Jeremiah said as I looked up at him. “Normally, we would arrange for some counseling for you.  Those of us who have had to kill, and that is only a small percentage of us, need time to heal their wounded psyche, their crushed spirit.  To be honest, you deserve it.  However, that has nothing to do with the reality of our situation.  So first, understand that there are people outside this cabin right now who would have been dead if you hadn’t done what you did.  You took three lives, but you will never know how many lives you saved because of the ones you took.  Second, I understand.  I’ve been there too.  I will be arranging a meeting so you can speak with one of our chaplains as quickly as I can make it happen.  Listen to me John, listen very closely.  If you fall apart on me now, it’s very likely the whole pack is going to die.”  I looked at him in shock.  The bad guys had come to our cabin.  I had killed them.  The good guys would live happily ever after with their pet monster to watch over them.  Jeremiah saw the confusion in my eyes, and in his eyes I saw something I didn’t really think I would ever find.  I saw understanding.  “John,” he said, “it isn’t over, it has just begun.  That was a chance taken to see if they could get what they wanted without exposing anything they considered valuable.  They wanted you, not Tish.  Next will be a serious attempt.  I hate to say it, but I think the real power behind this attack is a group of witches.
I was off balance and emotionally I was a basket case.  Even so, there was no way I would want to place my friends in danger.  I was shocked to realize I already considered this small group to be my friends.  I said, “I should leave immediately so the rest of you will be safe.”  Jeremiah shook his head as he spoke, “No John, it’s too late for that.  These people will just take it for granted we know something of value.  They will take us one at a time and interrogate us until we’re no longer of value to them.  We will be tortured until we talk.  Then we will be tortured until we’re dead.”  He reached down to me and helped me up, saying, “If we’re going to survive this, we will have to deal with it as a team.  The team will still be left believing that Tish is the target.  Now,” he said, “let’s get you something to eat and drink.  I know you’ve gotten good at controlling your use of high metabolism actions, but what little I did manage to see tells me you just used up some serious energy.”  He walked into the kitchen and I followed.  I was hungry, he was right.

Jeremiah warmed up some leftovers, looked at me, and pulled another ham out of the fridge.  He placed it all before me and said, “I have some calls to make.”  With that he stepped out the back door and I fell upon the food he had laid out, stopping part way through to grab some water.  He was quick, returning before I had finished eating.  He pulled up a chair next to me and stole some of my ham.  “I have made arrangements,” he said, “for you to meet a chaplain.”  He continued, “I will be bringing him out here because that involves the least amount of exposure.  We will keep you in place here.  That means they know where you are, but it also means whatever goes down happens in a place we are very familiar with.  We will keep the hometown advantage.  It’s going to get really crowded here because the whole team is going to fall back to the cabin.  No one will move out with less than a four-man team.  They should be arriving soon.  We will have a meeting then.”
About two hours later the rest of the team arrived.  David, Robert, and Timothy all looked wide-awake.  Of course, Robert and Timothy were the night shift.  They had probably been awake anyway.  There were eight of us, all committed to the safety of the team.  I was proud to be a part of the team, miserable that they were all in danger because of me.  I also realized that there was a pecking order of which one I would protect first.  That person was Tish, everyone else came in second.  When David had stepped through the door Jeremiah asked him to step outside with him to discuss things.  This left me with the rest of the newly arrived, as the twins and Tish were still outside watching for any one who didn’t belong.  Almost before the door shut behind the exiting David and Jeremiah, Robert and Timothy were asking me about what had gone down.  I kept it short and deliberately watered down.  I said, “It was over pretty quick.  Three people came down our road in a car, two like us, but from another pack, and one other guy.  They were taken care of very quickly once they attacked.  Oddest part was that the third guy was apparently linked to witches.”  Robert looked at Timothy and then told me, “That’s a nasty combination.  Witches can really cause us problems unless they don’t have time to react.  It’s hard to take one down that fast.”  I just shrugged, “I guess we were just lucky then.”  Timothy started to ask something when the door opened.  Jeremiah announced, “Timothy, Robert, we have an unusual situation, and I’m going to have to ask you both to take John completely into your confidence.  He needs to know everything you can tell him about combating witches.  If he asks you anything odd, just do your best to answer him.  Before that happens, I’m going to tell the two of you more about John than the rest of the team knows.  Not everything about John, some things are still off limits for either of you, or even me.  Gather round.
Jeremiah told them that I was more than just a very good martial artist.  Then he added that I was at an enforcer level as far as physical capabilities went, but behind on most other training.  The teams’ job would be to tell me everything they knew about witches first.  Then cover any other topics as I asked them.  He said I was cleared for anything they knew.  He went on to say I had taken out the three attackers single handed, so to trust me as far as leading any of the team into combat.  I felt a little funny about the way they looked at me when Jeremiah told them I had taken out the three attackers by myself.  I just hadn’t known what they were going to be told and I wasn’t going to step in it until I knew.  Now I knew.  David finished with, “He’s in your hands until we get back.  We’re going to make the rounds and let the guys on sentry know what we’ve just discussed so everyone is on the same page.”  With that, both David and Jeremiah stepped back out of the house.
“Look,” I said, “I didn’t know how much to tell anyone until David or Jeremiah told me.  Until then” I was saying as Timothy broke in, “Don’t worry about that, you made the right call.”  Robert shook his head and added, “The best thing we can do is to tell you what we know about witches.  You want a minute to get something to take notes on?”  He asked.  I thought about it and just couldn’t see a reason to waste time hiding my ability to learn quickly, “Thanks, but no.  I have a great memory.  Just get comfortable and then tell me everything you know.  If I get confused I will ask.”  Robert sprawled out on a chair as Timothy began to pace.  Robert smiled and said, “Go ahead Tim, I’ll chime in if I have a point to make or I disagree.”  Timothy smirked and asked, “Robert, would you like me to wait until you get something to take notes on?  You might learn a lot!”  Robert just rolled his eyes and waived to Timothy to continue.  “So,” Timothy began, “I guess we should discuss fighting tactics first.  Witches aren’t as strong as us, and they aren’t as fast as us, unless they have a spell on.  The typical witch can’t have more than one spell running at a time. However, an experienced witch can switch spells really quick.  Also, witches are sneaky.  They can move their hearts around so that it’s hard to find it.  A knife to the heart might not find the heart.  The basic idea with anything nasty is to separate the head from the body.  I haven’t found anything that won’t kill.”  He stopped pacing and told me, “The thing is, once a witch has enough time to switch from defense to offense, they do a lot of damage fast.  If you don’t take a witch down very quickly, the odds increase that you won’t win the fight.  If you lose a fight with a witch, there won’t be a next time.  While they are on the defensive, if you can’t get a killing move in, strip them of any object they may have.  Anything could be a talisman or a charm.  They use those to store a spell so they can cast it quickly. It could be anything they are holding, any jewelry or clothes, once I even saw one with tattoos.”  I couldn’t help myself and I interrupted him to ask, “What did you do about the tattoo?”  He smiled and said, “While he was busy fighting me, Robert ripped that patch of skin right off him.”  I was impressed, I’m not sure that would have occurred to me.  I realized I had a lot to learn from these two, they had experience and except my first real fight, I only had academic training and some sparring matches.  “OK,” I said, “that’s something I will file away.  Please continue.”  Robert laughed as he said, “That’s about all there is to it, as far as fighting witches.”  He sat up and continued, “What you also need to know is how you should handle yourself when you suspect you may be dealing with witches.  If you get the chance to, see if you can feel enchanted traps.  Most of us can, it feels almost like static electricity, makes the hair on your leg or arm stand up.  When you feel that, don’t touch anything until you have time to move around and triangulate where that feeling is coming from.  They can set some ugly traps that will go off when touched.”  He finished with, “I’m just glad they can’t wear those traps without setting them off.  Otherwise we wouldn’t be able to strip them of their talismans and charms.”  I jumped up in alarm as I asked, “Does Jeremiah know about the traps?”  I was already turning towards the door as Timothy called out, “Relax, who do you think taught us?”  I sat back down, relief visible on my face.  “That’s all you can tell me about fighting witches?”  I asked.  “About fighting them, yes but there’s a lot more we can tell you about identifying them.”  Robert said.
Robert stood up and Timothy immediately claimed the chair.  “The real trick,” Robert said, “is to identify witches before they identify you.  Fortunately,” he continued, “it’s fairly easy.  If they smell like any store bought soap or shampoo, they aren’t a witch.  Witches are incredibly picky about their soaps and shampoos.  Those are always handmade.  They will have a natural smell to them.  Same goes for perfume or cologne, it will be handmade, if worn at all.  They can be a little ripe smelling, it isn’t unusual for one to go a several days without anything more than a wipe with a damp washcloth.”  “Then there’s their jewelry.”  Timothy interrupted.  “They will normally be wearing a lot of it.  I’ve even seen them wearing lot’s of really chunky jewelry and then have some very small pieces camouflaged by the chunky stuff.”  Robert jumped back in and said, “Yeah, and watch for canes and walking sticks.  You have to watch for two things, do they move like they really need it, and if it’s really well decorated.  The more decorated up it looks, the more powerful the spell it might have.  If you see a plain looking cane like what is given out at a doctors office, if it is enchanted, it will be something low level, from my experience.”  “For the most part,” Timothy said as Robert shot him a scowl, “you will identify them by their smell first, the amount of jewelry they are wearing second, and by the way your hair stands up near their enchanted stuff and their charms last.  About that time you will be close enough for them to know what you are.  They won’t notice before then, as long as you don’t move in anyway to show you’re a little different from other people around you.”
I thought about this, and asked the only question that came to mind.  “OK,” I said, “I understand how to take down a witch.  I still have to ask, are all witches bad or just some?”  Robert looked shocked and Tim looked at me, at Robert and then to me.  “Relax Robert,” he said, “he didn’t even know witches existed until earlier today.  John, witches are evil because of the conscious choice they had to make to become a witch.  Witches choose to become witches, abandoning morals as we know them and trade them for power.  A witch has to use the blood of a regular human to work their magic.  The most powerful spells require both the blood and death of a human.  Power isn’t simply given to them through birth or nature.  Instead they take it at the expense of other people.  All witches are evil.”
The timing was great.  Robert and Tim had told me what they knew and I had locked it away in my memory.  I was just mulling over the whole all witches are evil thing.  I wouldn’t have bought into it except for the way they gained their powers.  Even then, I wondered if the witch only had minor magic and the blood was donated willingly, if they never killed anyone, why would that witch be evil?  Before I had made up my mind, Jeremiah and David returned to the cabin.
“John,” Jeremiah said.  “We got a chance to inspect the bodies and belongings of our attackers.  We found an explanation for the witch being accompanied by two of our people.  Both of them had tattoos on their shoulders that appear to have bound them to the witch.  The tattoos would have worn out soon, because they were inked in blood.  That’s some very strong stuff, definitely death magic.  They didn’t stand a chance.”  I felt like I was going to throw up.  I had just killed two of our own without hesitation, only to learn they were completely under the control of someone else.  I was a monster who had stolen the lives of two good men.  I heard the moan escape me before I realized it was from me.  Jeremiah took me by the shoulder and turned me to look into his eyes as he said, “John, you had no choice.  They were being used as weapons against us.  They had lost their own free will and their death is the responsibility of the people who took their free will away.”  I was confused.  “More than one witch did this?” I asked.  “It took quite a few witches to bind both of our people to the will of one witch.” Jeremiah answered.  I thought about this a few seconds and said, “Then we have more witches to kill.”  As the words fell from my lips I felt disgusted.  Hadn’t I already killed enough people without going out of my way to hunt more down?  Jeremiah watched this play across my face.  Then he spoke sharply, “John, I have a lot of people I care about out here placing their lives on the line.  You need them because no one can pull sentry duty constantly.  Everybody needs to eat and sleep.  I need to know that if they sound the alarm you will step in and do whatever it takes to keep them safe.  Are you going to be able to kill again to protect your team?”  I didn’t hesitate, “I will kill anyone who is a threat to my team.  They are all I have.”  Jeremiah looked worried but he said, “I just need you to hold it together, and some one on one time with the chaplain will help.  Trust me, you have what it takes and the chaplain will help you see that.”
We spent some time sorting out who pulled sentry duty when, and then those of us not on duty hit the sack.  Jeremiah and David left first thing the next morning to pick up more supplies and make a few arrangements.  I could count.  They broke the four-man movement rule.  I decided since we knew what we were fighting; maybe that rule wouldn’t apply to everyone.

Fourteen

Jeremiah and David had returned and we had entered our third day of self-imposed isolation when a visitor arrived.  Fortunately we had been given his description and told to expect him.  Otherwise he would never have made it to the cabin.  He was one of our people, but he didn’t seem too worried about scanning or being alert to possible dangers.  I have to admit I was judging this guy before I had even met him.  It became apparent very quickly, that I had judged poorly.  Jeremiah introduced me to Chaplain Harry and then tossed everyone else on the team out of the cabin.  He smiled at the Chaplain and said, call out when you’re done.  The cabin is all yours until then.  With that, he closed the front door behind him.  I was alone with the Chaplain and for some reason very nervous.
   The Chaplain nodded to me and said, “Please don’t call me Chaplain, my name is Harry.  I have some things I want to talk with you about, but I’ve learned people generally listen better if they get a chance to get any questions they have answered first.  So fire away, you can ask anything you want, no question is taboo, no question is stupid.”  That caught me off guard.  I wasn’t sure what I expected, but I did have some questions.  “Harry,” I said, “I’m not a religious person.”  He looked at me and replied, “Well that’s more of a statement then a question, but I believe I can explain why I’m still relevant.  First, I’m here to help you work through some emotional baggage.  You don’t have to be religious to take advantage of that.  I have talked to many men and women going through what you have.  Second, some people find comfort in learning a little more about our peoples’ history, even if they aren’t religious.  You might be surprised at what you believe once you hear what I have to say.  You might even believe you’re not a monster.  That’s where most people are at when I talk to them.”  I know I looked shocked.  I asked, “How did you know that’s what I’ve been thinking?”  Harry smiled while saying, “Now that’s a question.  I know because that’s what almost everyone I talk to after this type of situation is thinking.  The ones who don’t feel that way are the ones I worry might be monsters.”  I thought about that and asked, “So, do you think I’m a monster?”  Before he could answer I followed up with, “You’re a Chaplain, so I know you don’t kill people.”  The oddest thing happened.  Harry let loose with a peal of laughter.  I hadn’t expected that.  So far, I hadn’t expected anything that he had done.  “John,” he said, “I’m a Chaplain, not a Saint.  I’ve killed because I had to kill to defend a friend, an innocent or a team member or even myself.  I believe if God doesn’t want me to kill someone, he won’t allow me to be in a position that requires me to kill someone.  You’re not a monster, because you don’t like, much less enjoy what you had to do.  You killed to protect those who would have died otherwise.  That should include your own life as well.  I don’t believe we are called upon to blindly die because someone feels it’s in their best interest to kill us.”  I sat there, a little stunned at this revelation.  This guy had been where I had been, he understood me.  I found myself wanting to hear more from him.  I said, “Harry, I don’t think I have any other questions.”  Harry said, “Then let me tell you a little about what I believe to be our history.  We are the only people who have powers other humans don’t have, who are simply given those powers.  All other people with extra powers have made decisions to hurt others to gain those powers.  That alone should help you understand why our people stand between all others and normal humans.  If it helps, and you’re not religious, think of us as super heroes.  However, if you will permit, I have another option for you to consider.”  Harry pulled out an old bible, and began to read.
“In the Old Testament, in the book of Judges, chapter seven, verse four, God told Gideon to bring his men down to the water to drink.  God was helping Gideon sort out his men so that no one would attribute the promised victory to the strength of the army, but to the strength of God.  In verse five, God told Gideon, ‘You shall separate everyone who laps like a dog laps, as well as everyone who kneels to drink.’  Then in verse six we learn that God tells Gideon to take the three hundred men who lapped like dogs, and the larger group of men who knelt to drink were sent home.  Gideon had started out with thirty-two thousand men, God had already helped him pick out twenty-two thousand to send home.  Of the ten thousand men left, God selected only three hundred to go forward.  We believe that three hundred were our ancestors.  Our hearing, sense of smell, all of our senses are closer to that of a dog or a wolf than what the typical human has.  We are stronger, fiercer than other humans.  Lastly, we are more suited for battle than other humans.  Unfortunately, it is these capabilities that may have led to the myth of shape changing werewolves.  We are not werewolves and there is no basis for the myth other than our peoples ramped up sensory perception coupled with the strength and speed of an appointed warrior.”  Harry looked up at me and said, “I believe that we are set aside by God to defend the other humans of this world from evil.”  Harry then arched his right brow and said, “However, even if you choose not to believe as I do, you need to understand you’re not the monster.  You’re the super hero who must save the day, because no one else can.”  Harry stood and asked, “John, have you heard anything that will help you deal with the pain you’re feeling now?  Will you be OK, and will you be able to do what’s needed of you?”  I stood and shook his hand as I said, “I am, and I will.  The Christian stuff was very interesting, but I’m not sure how I feel about it.  For now, I think I will stick to something like super hero, possibly approved by God.  I need time to process everything before I can really make up my mind.”  Harry nodded and said, “My job wasn’t to convince you that my belief system is the right one.  My job was to make sure you understood you’re not a monster and that what you’re doing is in the role of a protector for those who can’t protect themselves.  I do like to present my belief system though.  I think God wants me to share that.  If you ever have any questions about super heroes and appointed by God, talk to me or another Chaplain.  We’re not pushy, and we like to talk about our views.”  Harry reached for the door as it suddenly burst open.
“John!”  Larry exclaimed, “Kyle called and we have two car loads inbound, Jeremiah said to tell you nothing but witches in those cars.”  He looked puzzled, “Why do you care if they’re all witches?” he asked.  I grinned and said, “I have a major beef with witches at the moment.”  Larry said, “Sounds good to me.  David said Ben and I are to watch the rear just inside the woods from the cabin because he thinks there might be more coming through the woods to catch us off guard while the ones in the cars distract us.  He said for you to head up the road quickly and catch up with him, he is on the right.”  He looked over at Harry, “David didn’t say anything about you Chaplain.  I guess you will be safest if you wait in the cabin.”  Harry laughed and said to Larry, “I think I will bless the rest of the team with my presence.”
I was already out the door and headed to the right of the road.  I was moving fast but not at top speed because I wasn’t sure what Harry was supposed to really know about me.  We quickly reached David and were given our orders.  He looked at me and whispered, “John, they are now on foot and moving very quietly.  There are five in the first group and four in the second group.  I need you, the Chaplain and Tim to attack the first group.  Set up an ambush point and you will make the first move.  Once you’ve committed, the second group should be focused on you and we will blindside them.  Be fast John, if we don’t take them down faster than they can react, we’re going to lose some of the pack.”  I looked at David, then at Harry.  Looking at David, I asked, “Completely let go in front of everyone?”  David nodded and said, “We don’t have a choice.  Do it.”  He turned and faded into the woods.  I looked at Harry and Tim and quietly said, “You two set up across the road from me.  Don’t jump in until after I do.  I will take the guy in front and then you two jump the rest from behind.  We will meet in the middle.”  I had no intention of giving them time to jump in.  It was going to be over in a flash, as fast as I could do this.  I wasn’t happy with the Chaplain seeing what I was capable of, but I accepted David’s decision on the matter.  I ramped up my senses enough to be able to hear a few sounds from David’s team up the road.  Not much more then just the normal sounds of the woods, but enough that I could pick them out.  I tuned out everything else and then waited.
It was quiet, the minutes slowed down in my world not because I had ramped up any more, but because of the anticipation of what was about to happen.  It felt like a dream where you were running but not actually going anywhere.  I took a slow deep breath and refocused.  Surprised, I heard two of the people on David’s team move deeper into the woods.  They were very quiet, but I would have expected them to hold position and not risk the approaching witches hearing them.  Then I heard a larger group coming towards me and realized they had left the roadway, into the woods on the same side I was on.  I smiled because I felt this would give me the chance to go into the highest mode I could reach and still not give the Chaplain a chance to find out about me.  I ramped up and left the rest of the world behind.  I danced across the woods in a perfect ballet.   Not a leaf crackled to mark my passing.  I heard the distinct footsteps of five people headed my way, and a little farther back, four more.  I smelled them and knew them for witches.  They had only the smell of natural body scents, some mixed with a faint touch of mint.  I thought that incredibly foolish, mint was such a sharp smell it was impossible to miss.  The man in front of the others, I could smell fear on him.  His footsteps faltered, making more noise than he should.  I placed them in my mind and plotted where and in what order they would appear.  I had time and so leaped up into an oak tree so fast the faint breeze blowing ahead of me slipped behind while I was moving.  I became completely silent, one with the world around me, waiting to pounce upon my victims.  The first witch appeared, about five feet in front of the next one, and about five feet behind the second one, the other three were foolishly crowded together.  Once I was sure the three in back could see the witch in the lead, I leaped at the one in front.  He was in mid-stride as I struck from above.  I moved faster than his foot could fall and snapped his neck.  I ripped his head off and threw it at the three in back before the last step he would ever take finally touched the ground.  Just before the head hit the three witches in back and even as the body of the first witch began to crumple as the arterial blood fountained forth from his neck, I broke the second witches’ neck.  The first two witches died without ever seeing me.  The head from the first witch struck the witch on my far left, his eyes opening wide in fear before he even realized what had hit him.  The sound of the impact drew the attention of the other two witches as their necks turned to the third witch in time to witness the gore of the first witch’s brains and blood splattering as the impact broke the third witch’s ribcage, shattering his sternum.  He couldn’t scream but one of the last two witches in that group started to do so for him.  By then I snapped the neck of that witch turning the intended scream into more of a squeak.  The last witch in the first group had just started to turn towards me when I broke his neck as well.  I could hear Timothy and the Chaplain just entering the woods and seeing the carnage as I disappeared into the woods heading towards the second group.  The time for stealth was over so I was moving at my maximum speed but still I heard the sounds of the fight just beginning in front of me.  As I broke through the woods I saw Tish driving a small tree limb through the head of a witch even as Jeremiah, David and Robert were engaging the other three witches.  Tish was moving fast and I could tell she was going to beat Robert to the witch he had focused on even as David’s fist bounced off the skull of a witch and Jeremiah broke his targets head wide open with a rock he was holding.  Jeremiah applied the formidable rock to the head of the witch David had hit, crushing it.  I slowed down to breathe when I heard a yell followed by a curse.
I turned back towards my original ambush and even as I streaked towards the site the battle sequence I fought flashed through my head and I realized what I had done.  In my haste to aid David’s group, I had failed to snap the neck of the witch I had hit with the first witch’s head.  The crushed chest must not have finished him.  Tim and Robert had been so clear about not depending on anything less then a snapped neck, preferably removal of the head, to make sure a witch was dead.  I feared the worst and was so relived to see Robert nursing a nasty wound to his head.  If he could be that active, he was going to make it.  The Chaplain was holding a short machete.  Blood was dripping from it and the witch’s head was still rolling across the woods.  I think my head tilted a little as I took in the Chaplain holding the machete.  I had merged back into normal speed and the Chaplain looked at me a little surprised.  Then he seemed a little perturbed as he asked, “Are you guys all idiots?  Why would you all rush off into battle completely unarmed?  If you’re expecting a fight, grab a weapon!”  I made a mental note to bring that up later with Jeremiah.  A machete seemed like a very good idea, with the ‘take off its head’ mode of killing a witch being taught to me.  I didn’t have time to reply though.  Even as he finished the question, David caught up and said, “Point made, we will keep some weapons out here at the cabin from now on.  John, fall back to where Jeremiah is.  He wants to take advantage of this to point out some practical skills in gaining intelligence from your enemy’s body and effects.  The rest of us will go back to the cabin, check on the twins and debrief.  I walked back to where Jeremiah was waiting for me.
“When you’re fighting,” Jeremiah told me, “everything is moving fast, you’re just trying to survive and you don’t have time to reflect on what you’re doing.  This,” he pointed towards the bodies of the witches, “is much harder.  To survive, you have to know your enemies.”  He shrugged and said, “This is always much easier when they are dead.  So this will be harder on you emotionally than the actual fight, but easier on you than dying just because you don’t know enough about your enemy.”  He walked over to the first witch I had killed.  Every step seemed so loud, the leaves scattering under his footsteps as in protest against this invasion on the finality of what had been done.  You expect that once a life has been ripped from a body, it is the final messy part of being a person.  You expect when that time comes, you will rest in peace.  It is a lie we all cling to and are comfortable with.  The truth is, if you’re lucky, your body will be examined to make sure no foul play was involved in your death.  Then the funeral parlor gets their turn.  They do things I’m just not comfortable thinking about even now, all for the sake of making the funeral pleasant as possible for the rest of us.  There is really nothing pleasant about a funeral.  More to the point, what about the life that was ripped from the body?  What happens to that?  Your soul, or whatever you want to call it.  Does it die too, or does it become something else?  Where does it go?  Will it still be you?  I wanted to know those things, but for now I would have to settle for the secrets the bodies of my enemies would tell me.  To do that, they had to stop being bodies, and become data I could store away.  So I walked over to where Jeremiah stood.  I listened intently as Jeremiah explained the things I needed to watch out for to make sure I didn’t set off an active enchantment.  He explained how someone with enforcer skills or better, could get a static feeling from any charm or talisman like other people would get from an enchanted trap, just a little weaker.  How to view everything I could of the scene before moving anything, because information could be lost forever after something was moved.  I surveyed the scene, told Jeremiah what I saw, and then asked permission before I moved anything for the first three bodies.  After that Jeremiah felt comfortable just observing as I went about my tasks on the rest of the bodies.  It was odd, becoming so intimate with the bodies of those I had committed such violence upon.  I memorized their tattoos, the contents of their pockets and any jewelry they had.  The enchanted objects were slipped into plastic sandwich bags without being directly touched.   The hair standing on end effect was similar to what Timothy and Robert had described.  I experimented and was satisfied that the more I ramped up, the further away I could sense an enchantment.  I slipped into fully ramped up and I could sense them a little over ten feet away.  I decided that was enough to give me an edge.  Behind me, Jeremiah snapped pictures of everything I had committed to memory.  I decided I needed to get my hands on a new smart phone so that I could take good quality pictures.  Being able to memorize the scene did not equate to being able to draw a picture of the scene.  Pictures would be helpful to share with others.  I finished with the first five witches and moved further over to the second group.  These were more interesting because I hadn’t killed them.  Now I was learning not only about my enemies, but also about my team members.  How they had decided to dispatch their opponents.  The more I understood how my team fought, the better I would be able to support them.  I looked up at Jeremiah as he joined me at the last body of the second group.  “I’m done.”  I said.  “Although I need a place to sit down and go over the finer detail of what I’ve memorized.”  Jeremiah nodded and replied, “We should head back to the cabin then.  Once there I would like you to head upstairs where you can review your findings, while I let the rest of the team go over the pictures I’ve taken.  Then we can all get together and discuss what we’ve learned.”
We returned to the cabin and I did as Jeremiah had requested.  I sat down and went over every scene, looking past the obvious and burrowing down into the details.  I had finished and was just mulling over what some of the odder details could mean when I heard a tap on the door.  Jeremiah was standing outside the door and said, “The rest of the team has had a chance to go through the pictures I took.  Come downstairs with me and let’s discuss what we’ve found out.”  I followed him out the room and downstairs where everyone on the team, plus the Chaplain, was waiting.  Jeremiah waved me on to enter first and spoke to all of us.  “What I’m going to do is run through the information we got from the scene and then open up the floor to anyone who feels I missed something or may have a different interpretation of any of the information we have.”  He looked around the room for anyone who might want to say anything.  He cleared his throat, and began.
“Witches,” he said, “work in groups of even numbers.  They always do, something about balance from what I’ve gathered.  They work in small groups.  I’ve never seen more than six in a group.  When you see more than six witches acting in concert, it means two or more groups are working together to achieve a goal.  This is rare, and is the case we’re facing.”  He looked to me and said, “John, you didn’t get a chance to inspect the bodies of the first attack.  However, of the three, only one was a witch, as you know.  The other two attackers that night were of our people.  The important facts to take away from the first attack are that they had exerted some type of control over two of our people and that the witch had a tattoo matching the five witches you killed earlier this evening.”  He looked around the room and said, “So I count a group of six witches, all accounted for.  I can also tell you the four witches in the group the rest of us took down had matching tattoos.  So, two groups were represented in these two attacks.  The only question remaining is, are there two more witches still on the loose from the second group.  I don’t think so because it was obvious they were coming to finish this.  I believe they would have brought everyone available to them to present an overwhelming force.”  He paused, and asked, “Does anyone have anything to add to what I’ve covered so far, before I address our next moves?”  I waited and realized no one else had noticed, so I spoke up.  “I did notice something that seemed odd to me.  Each one of them was wearing an earring in the left ear, and although the earrings were different, on the clasp each one had the letter W next to a star engraved on it.  I don’t know if that had to do with some enchant on the earring or if it meant something else.”  David looked surprised and said, “I know what that means.  There is an order of the witches, similar to our enforcers.  They are the only ones allowed to use that symbol.  The letter W stands for Warlock, and any witch actively doing work for them is given an earring like that until they have completed their job.  These things have a powerful enchant on them that allows the Dominion witch to track the wearer’s health among other things.  These require some serious evil to create.  That’s one of the reasons they get turned in when the job they’ve been assigned to is complete.  We need to gather those things and destroy them right away.  The loss will be a big blow to whoever sent them, I think it probably takes a minimum of a month to create one.”  Jeremiah nodded and said, “Good catch John.  I think we will let the night shift take care of destroying those.  Does anyone have anything to add to this?”  He waited a moment before continuing, “Alright, I feel safe saying that we have removed the major threat.  At this point we need to be back in town.   From there we will run down the leads we have.  We need more information so we can pass it on to Kyle.  He will decide if we need to take care of any other threats or if there is reason to believe that we will need to involve the governors in this.  Ben and Larry, disappear the bodies and the cars.  Pack up your stuff.  When you’re done with the witches go back home and show up in the morning at the office.  John, I’m moving you to night shift, you need the experience you will gain from working with Timothy and Robert.  Everyone else, see you in the morning, move out.”
Robert and Timothy both walked up to me after the meeting to welcome me to the night shift.  Timothy said, “About time, slacker.  Now you’re going to be earning your living!”  Robert laughed and said, “He’s just jealous you made it to night shift so quickly.  So, what living arrangements have you made?”  Timothy shook his head and said, “Careful John, Robert’s a cheapskate and looking for a room mate.”  I didn’t even hesitate, “You have a spare room?”  I asked.  “Exactly.”  He replied.  “Throw your stuff in your truck and you can follow me.  Crash at my apartment tonight and tomorrow we will work out the details if you’re interested.”  I told Robert I appreciated it, and hustled to get my stuff packed up.  That done I walked outside to the truck, tossed my stuff in and pulled up beside Robert’s car.  Robert said, “Let’s roll.”  True to his words we were headed down the dirt road and on the way to his apartment.  Our apartment, I thought to myself.  I certainly didn’t have anywhere better to live.  I scanned around me, staying aware of my environment as I drove, thinking about what had happened and what it meant to me.

Fifteen

We got back to the apartment late, and it took a little while for me to settle in.  As a result, morning came early.  Fortunately I was now on night shift, so I slept through it.  I woke up around noon and took a quick shower.  I left the apartment so I wouldn’t wake Robert.  I knew I was up too early for someone working the night shift.
I had noticed a pizza joint a few blocks from the apartment last night, and set off at a brisk walk towards it.  I was hungry and feeling cheap.  I hoped pizza would fill my stomach without emptying my wallet.  Of course there was the whole problem of ordering and eating enough pizza without freaking everyone out.  I ordered my first large double meat pizza and a pitcher of water.  I ate slowly while I was thinking of the remainder of my pizza strategy.  I looked up to see who was going to come in the door when I heard a car park outside.  It was just a kid, picking up a pizza to go.  Genius I thought, pure genius.  I got the servers’ attention and ordered two more pizzas to go.  Smiling, I returned to my pizza, still taking my time, so I wouldn’t be kept waiting for the two other pizzas to be ready.  It felt good to just sit here eating pizza, letting my brain drift into neutral except nominal awareness of my surroundings.  The pizza was gone too fast and I was still hungry.  I walked up to the counter to pay my bill and pick up my two pizzas to go.  Of course, I had to wait for the pizzas.
I walked back to the apartment balancing the boxes of pizza.  I really hated it when the hot toppings of a pizza slid off into a gooey pile into the corner of the box.  Treat pizzas with respect and the relationship will be awesome.  The walk back to the apartment was quick and the pizzas were still quite warm.  I placed them on the kitchen counter when Robert popped out of his room exclaiming, “You brought home snacks!”  Before I could correct him on who was going to be eating these pizzas he said, “Tell you what, let’s wolf down the pizzas before we starve, and then we can hit a buffet I know about.”  Then he added the all-important, “My treat.”  I smiled and handed him a pizza.  The pizzas were gone in short order and the boxes folded and dropped into the trashcan.  Robert said, “Let’s go get a real meal buddy,” as he headed towards the front door.  I was close on his heels.  Good food is always better when it’s free.  I hoped the food was good.  Robert drove into the middle of town where he parked next to a buffet that boasted the best Chinese cooking in town.  Before we got out of the car, Robert turned to me and said, “This is how it works.  The manager is a friend, one of us, and so are two of the waitresses.  We get seated, if after a few trips it seems someone is noticing how much we eat, the next trip to the buffet we sit in a different section.”  He grinned and said, “Let’s go get fed.”  I happily followed him into the buffet where he paid the cashier who told us to take a seat anywhere.  Robert waived to a waitress and led me to a booth in her section.  She met us at the booth and asked Robert what he was drinking, then turned to me and smiled.  “Who’s your friend Robert?”  She asked.  Robert said, “Beverly, meet John, he works with me.”  Beverly winked at me and said, “Then you know how this guy eats.  Tell me what you want to drink and then I’ll stand on this guys foot so you can fill up your plate before he gets started.”  “Water,” I said, and then taking her at her word headed off to the buffet.  I heard Robert laughing and thought it was nice to be able to stand down for a little while.  As I thought that, I corrected myself, I had to maintain situational awareness.  I took a quick scan of the place and found I was more comfortable.
The food was good and we made three trips to the buffet before we moved to a new section.  The next waitress came over to our table carrying two glasses of water and a cold pitcher of water to back it up.  She wore a plastic nametag with ‘Christy’ written on it.  “Hey guys, enjoy your meal,” she said.  Then she turned to Robert and said, “And remember to tip like you mean it, cheapskate.”  She laughed with Robert and then went to see to the needs of other diners.  We got up to fill our plates for the first time from this booth and I had to admit it, I was impressed with the way Robert had worked this out.  We returned to the table with plates heaped high and started in on them when Robert’s phone rang.  Robert pulled it out and looked at the number.  “The night shift is never over.”  He said as he answered the phone.  “Yes… he’s with me.  No problem, we will be there in under thirty minutes.”  He ended the call and said to me. ”Night shift doesn’t have any real locked in hours.  We mostly work nights, but anytime there’s real trouble going down, we get called in.  We’re needed at the office.”  He pulled out a ten-dollar bill, a one-dollar bill and some coins.  He carefully covered the ten with the one, and placed the coins over the one so you couldn’t see the ten.  Smiling he got up and I followed him to the door.  He said, “I really enjoy messing with Christy.  She will always get me back, that’s how I know she cares.”  I pondered that for a moment and realized with everything I had learned, and all the extra abilities I had been given, I still didn’t understand women or love.  Perhaps I never would.
We arrived at the office in well under the promised thirty minutes.  As we entered, Jeremiah was at the front desk.  He just said, “Gym.”  I nodded and we headed through the hallway and downstairs.  We were the only ones there, so I took the time to stretch out.  After watching a few minutes, Robert shrugged and joined me.  The more often I stretched out the better my range of motion became.  Besides, it relaxed me while at the same time giving me time to contemplate whatever was on my mind.  I chose to consider the missing witch and so reviewed what I knew about the other witches in his group.  Their markings, jewelry, types of enchants they had, anything that might help me identify the missing witch.  As I thought about that, I wondered why I hadn’t seen any female witches.  I asked Robert about that.  “To be honest,” he said, “most covens are a mix a male and female witches.  They believe it gives them balance to have both sexes in the coven.  When we find groups of only one sex, it’s usually a temporary group with a specific goal in mind.  However,” he said, “I once came across an all women coven that was hardcore dedicated evil.  They do exist.”  I was considering that when Timothy entered the gym, and I could hear other footsteps on the stairway.  Timothy walked over to Robert and said, “Let me help you up old man.”  Robert just laughed, jumped to his feet and replied, “This old man will cure what ails you if you don’t watch out!”  I got to my feet as the twins walked in and behind them was Tish.  I suppose Jeremiah had secured the building because in just a few minutes he and David also entered the gym.
David said, “Team, we have news.  Ben and Larry did some background checks on the identities of the coven that appears to have one witch still active.  It seems one of the witches was married and we have the address of the house they own.  The plan is to do a drive by after dark and see if anyone is home.  If the house looks empty, the nightshift will enter while one of our team is stationed on each end of the street.  If a car enters the street that matches either of the cars Eve or Marcus Brown own, they will call the nightshift cell phone to alert them.  If any other car starts slowing down close by the house, a call will also be made.  Ben and Larry, the two of you will be the drivers.  You will bring the nightshift in, watch their back, and then do pickup.”  He paused and caught the eye of each person on nightshift, and then continued.  “This should be straightforward, the three of you are going in to see what you can find.  Robert, pick the lock on the back door, and don’t leave any traces you were there.  We don’t want to engage anyone we just want to learn a little more about what we’re up against.  Any questions?”  No one seemed to have any, so the meeting broke up.  Timothy, Robert and I went upstairs to look at satellite shots on the Internet of the home and surrounding neighborhood to decide our best entry route.  We were glad to see no signs of a doghouse in the back yard of the address we were interested in, although one of the neighbors did.  We looked up the house that had the backyard meeting the backyard of the house we were interested in.  Life was good.  The house was listed for rent.  If anyone saw us pass through the yard, we hoped they would think we were just checking out a rental.  Our plans made, we had a few hours to kill, so we drove to the drive-through of a fast food restaurant and ordered a large bucket of chicken for each of us.  Then we stopped by a gas station and scored three gallons of water.  Timothy surprised me and grabbed some lemonade.  I looked at him once we got in the car and he said, “What?  I can’t have lemonade?”  I just shook my head as I filed away that I could go through a drive through anytime, and people would just assume I was ordering for my family, coworkers or something.  Nice, I thought to myself.  We sat in the car next to the park eating and talking.  “John,” Timothy said, “You need to stay close to Robert, and watch how he picks the lock.  Then stick with us and watch what we do, but don’t touch anything.  This is really just a two-man operation, but it will be good training for you.  After we debrief we can go over any question you have.  OK?”  He asked.  I said, “That sounds good to me.  Robert when we get back tonight, will you teach me about lock picking so I can practice?”  Robert replied, “I’ll try, but it takes a finesse and you seem more the crush, kill, destroy kind of guy from what I’ve seen.”  He was grinning at me as I said, “Hey!  I can do discretion when I need to.”  I wagged my finger in his face and while he was distracted I plucked a piece of chicken out of his bucket.  I smiled at him and was already eating it before he realized what I had done.  It was the best tasting piece of chicken I had eaten that night.  Robert raised an eyebrow at me and said, “Fine, let’s get back to the office and get ready to roll unless you’re not done eating my chicken.”  We went back to the office where we met the twins, who were putting a large suitcase in one of the two cars they had parked by the office.  I asked Ben, “What’s with the bag?”  He unzipped the bag to show me rope, duct tape, cleaning supplies, handcuffs and other miscellaneous equipment.  “We carry this stuff incase things go sideways.”  He closed the trunk and continued, “From what I’ve seen so far, every time I’ve seen you involved, there’s a mess to clean up.”  He looked at me and said, for your own good, you might want to learn a little about cleanup, one of us might not always be around when you need our highly professional service.”  I realized he was right.  I said, “That’s a good idea, I will come in early tomorrow so the two of you can go over it with me.  Will you be able to make time for me?  He looked both surprised and proud as he said, “Of course we will, come in about two hours early and we will make that happen.”  We piled into the two cars, Timothy and myself with Ben and Robert with Larry.  We pulled away into the night, Robert and Larry leading the way.
We were scanning the area around the street we wanted to be dropped off at.  Driving the length of the street, no one seemed to be out walking the dog.  Operations timed around dinnertime helps when it comes to that.  Most people were enjoying their meals, tucked safely away inside their homes.  Both cars pulled up to the curb at the end of the street and all three of the nightshift team stepped out, quietly closing the doors as the two cars pulled away.  Smooth and quick, the cars almost didn’t even stop at all.  The twins turned left where we knew they would make another left and then one would stop at the corner while the other drove to the end of the street and stopped at that corner.  Timothy took the lead and the nightshift walked briskly towards the house that was for rent.  It was dark, the owner too cheap to even leave a light on for security.  With no one around to see, we melted away into the back yard, easily hopping over the small fence.  The fence along both sides and the back of the backyard were taller for privacy, which is what we needed tonight.  Without slowing down we jumped up, straddled the fence and dropped down into the backyard of the home we were interested in.  Robert and I crouched down by a large bush while Timothy crept towards the back of the house to make sure it was empty.  While that was happening, I ramped up several levels to prepare for what was coming next.  As I did so, I was disoriented by the smell.  It was so strong it made concentrating difficult.  I ramped back down until I could function and got Roberts attention.  I whispered, “What is that smell?  It’s so strong it makes it hard to concentrate.”  Robert replied, “It smells like the kind of stuff witches use to bathe with, but much more concentrated.  Quit whining, I don’t like it but it isn’t that bad.”  I had ramped down to what would almost be considered normal for one of us.  I felt like I was blind, deaf and my sense of smell shut off.  I wasn’t happy, but it seemed the best way to handle the situation.  I was concerned this was something done on purpose, knowing how it might affect us.  Still, Timothy and Robert didn’t seem concerned.  This being my first visit to a witches’ home, I really had no baseline for normal anyway.  I decided to just follow suite and learn as we went.  Timothy motioned to us and we joined him at the backdoor.  Robert pulled out two thin slivers of metal and I watched him twist one while he raked the other one in and out of the keyhole.  In just a few seconds the lock turned and Robert opened the door.  He winked at me and put the tools back in his pocket.  Before we stepped into the house, Timothy halted us and whispered, “Two things.  One, the odor I associate with a witch’s home is much stronger than I’ve ever smelled before.  That’s odd, I don’t like it, be on your guard.  Two, remember we don’t want any evidence left that we’ve been here.  If anything has to be moved, put it back where it came from.  Gloves on, let’s do this.”  We slipped our gloves on and entered the house.
The house was dimly lit, and I was on edge.  I tried to ramp up my senses again, and found the smell overpowering.  I decided to tough it out, worried more about detecting any danger than learning how to search a house.  We moved through the dining room slowly, nothing appeared to claim the interest of Timothy or Robert.  Entering a hallway, we turned left and almost immediately entered a large study on our left.  It was more humid in here, with a large fireplace against the wall facing the backyard.  Even in the dim lighting there was the unmistakable glimmer of silver and gold laid across a large table covered in leather.  The wall on one side of the room was covered in shelves full of glass jars ranging in size from baby food jars to wide mouthed gallon jars like those found filled with dill pickles in a country store.  Every color of the world seemed to be held in those jars.  Some as smooth as mud, others filled with plants, animal parts, and one filled with something that looked like small red marbles that pulsed slowly in the darkness.  I didn’t like that one.  It just felt wrong.  Robert walked over to the opposite wall, which was also lined with shelves.  However, these shelves were filled with books.  He started to run his hands across the books when one of the items on the table started to glow brightly.  I knew that wasn’t a good sign.  As Robert turned to face the table I saw the shelves behind him slide open and a female witch began to gesture even as I slipped into my highest level.  Grabbing a jar off of the shelf close to me I hurled it at the witch while running towards her.  The jar broke open on her chest and sunk a little into her.  She started to scream as I leapt across the room, punched her in the throat and then snapped her neck which is why I never saw the male witch step out from behind the shelves holding the jars until after he had hit Timothy with some type of enchanted racquetball.  It seemed surreal, something as innocent as a racquetball used in a deadly fight.  Still, there it was just making contact with Robert as I watched.  There was no ominous flash.  No sound came from the ball except the expected smack of rubber.  Yet at that moment when the ball touched Robert, he stiffened and fell over.  I was angry and moved toward the witch intent on killing him when two darts flashed past me striking him. He arched and collapsed as the stun gun Timothy held took all control away from him.  Timothy pulled the trigger a second time and then a third time.  The witch passed out and Timothy tossed a large roll of duct tape to me and said, “Secure him.”  Timothy then pulled out a cellphone and said, “Front door, now.”  He ended the call and then walked over to me to inspect the job I was doing.  He said, “That should do it, cover his mouth but make sure he can breathe.  We need this one alive. Strip his jewelry and empty his pockets into these bags while I see to Robert.”  I heard tires screech in the driveway and Timothy snatched Robert up and carried him towards the front door.  Bring the witch and the bags out to the car.  We have to get Robert out of here.  I sealed the bags, slung the witch over my shoulder and headed to the door.  The witch may have hit his head on doorways and corners once or twice, but he should have ducked if he didn’t like it.  Try balancing a dangerous witch on one shoulder while holding a bag of stuff that could kill you in the other hand while worried about if a friend of yours is dying or not.  I figured it would just keep the witch subdued anyway.  I got to the car as Timothy was finishing loading Robert into the trunk.  Timothy glanced at me and said, “Sit in back with the witch.  We want him alive, but if that doesn’t work out, do what you have to.  Larry is driving you back to the office, call Jeremiah and brief him about what went down so he can be ready when you get there.  With that, Timothy returned to the house even as I loaded up the witch and hopped into the car.  Larry pulled out and sped towards the office while I made the call to Jeremiah.
“Hello?”  I heard Jeremiah say into the phone.  I said, “There was trouble. Robert got hit by a racquetball thrown by a witch, and then he just stiffened up and dropped.  We have Robert in the trunk, the witch is next to me, and Larry is driving us to the office now.”  I heard Jeremiah take a sharp breath and then he said, “Tell Larry to slow down, you can’t afford to have the police pull you over for speeding.”  He paused while I relayed that to Larry, then he continued.  “Does Robert have a pulse?”  I told him, “Timothy didn’t say.”  I was embarrassed I hadn’t thought to ask.  “Don’t worry,” I heard him say, just as the witch started to stir.  I slammed my elbow into his head and he went back to sleep as I heard Jeremiah say, “There’s nothing you can do about it right now anyway.  Just try to get the witch back to me alive.  He may hold the key to whether Robert lives or dies.  See you when you get here.”  With that, Jeremiah ended the call.  The witch hadn’t moved the rest of the way to the office.  Jeremiah had stepped out the back door to the office as we pulled up.  He held a washcloth in a plastic sandwich bag.  He stepped up to the passenger door next to the witch, opened the door, extracted the cloth and placed it over the witches face.  The witch struggled for about two seconds and went limp.  Jeremiah looked at me and said, “Even a witch will learn to stay still if you hit it enough times.  Get him inside and down to the gym, Larry and I will see to Robert.”  I moved fast, with Jeremiah and Larry right behind me.  I set the witch on a sturdy chair on the gym floor and looked over at Jeremiah.  He said, “He has a pulse, looks like he might pull through on his own, but let’s make sure.”  With that he walked over to me and handcuffed both of the witch’s hands to the chair, and then cuffed his feet to the chair as well.  He then pointed at Larry and said, “Close the door to the gym on the way out, watch the desk and don’t let anyone but the team in.  When Timothy gets back send him down to the gym, no one else.”  Larry nodded and said, “On it.”
Jeremiah waited until Larry was gone and said, “Things might have to get a little ugly in here, but I’m going to do whatever is needed to help Robert.”  I had ramped my senses up to maximum once I had seen that the witch had been faking still being out.  So I heard the change in his breathing pattern when Jeremiah had spoken.  I nodded and walked over to the witch.  “Let me go ahead and cut off one of his fingers now, so when he comes to he can see it and know we mean business.”  Immediately the witch began to struggle.  I slapped him and said, “Bad witch, sit!”  The witch looked at me in disbelief and then concern.  Perhaps he thought it was a little more terrifying if I wasn’t quite right in the head.  I ripped the duct tape off of his mouth.  He said, “Look, it doesn’t have to go that way.  I was there to scrub the mission before those fools did anymore damage, but I got there too late.  Your buddy will be fine in a few hours unless you don’t want to wait.  If you’re in a hurry just hose him down in cold water.”  I looked at Jeremiah and he nodded to me, so I knocked the witch out.  Jeremiah sighed and said, “I meant go ahead and drag Robert into the showers and turn on the cold water.”  “Oops,” I said, “I’ll take care of that.”  I picked Robert off of the mat and carried him back to the showers, placed him under the showerhead on the floor, and stepped out, reaching in to turn on the cold water.  Robert started twitching when the cold water hit him and only a few minutes later he jumped up wild-eyed.  He threw a punch at me, which I easily blocked.  He stopped to take in his surroundings.  Looking at me he spat out like a machine gun, “How did I get here is everyone OK what happened?”  Before I could answer he asked, “And why am I in a cold shower with all my clothes on?”  I was so relieved to hear his voice and see he was OK.  I actually laughed at him and said, “You’re in the shower because you’re too dumb to step out.  The mission is being wrapped up by Timothy, you got here because I carried you here, and so far, now that you’re back, everyone is all right, as far as I know.”  Robert said, “Spare me.” Then turned off the cold water.  As soon as the water stopped running Timothy let loose a piercing wail that was cut very short.  He turned to me and as he fell I could see blood oozing from his eyes, ears, nose and mouth.  I checked his pulse just to confirm what I already knew.  Robert was dead.  I slowly walked back into the gym to the sound of the witch laughing.  While I was walking towards the witch I calmly told Jeremiah, “Robert is dead, it was quick.”  Jeremiah shouted, “John, we need the witch alive!”  The witch just laughed at me, and I understood he was hoping for a quick death because of my anger.  I turned to Jeremiah and said, “I understand.  I take it you’re saving him for the enforcers?”  Jeremiah nodded and said, “They will want to take him back to their facility.”  I smiled and said, “Excellent, I hope they are very patient with him.  Meanwhile, I mean to see to it he doesn’t escape.”  I stepped towards the witch, who had stopped laughing, and stomped on the instep of his right foot, breaking it.  He howled in pain while I just stared at him.  I wasn’t really satisfied.  He had killed Robert.  Both the witch and Jeremiah appeared to see the wheels turning in my mind and the witch pushed the chair over with his good foot trying to get away from me while Jeremiah stepped in between the witch and I.  “John,” Jeremiah said gently, “you need to stop.  Trust me, killing him would be doing him a favor.  As it is, you may have made transport more difficult now.”  I stepped back and walked away enough to show I was done. I wasn’t convinced I was completely through, but I was done for the moment.
About then, David entered the gym.  I numbly listened to Jeremiah give him a quick brief and then answer a few questions.  David assured Jeremiah he could watch the prisoner for the time being.  Oddly, no one thought to ask me if I would mind watching the prisoner.  The witch seemed relieved.  Jeremiah beckoned me to follow him and left the gym.  We walked back to his private office and both took a seat.  “John,” he said, “I’m going to make a few phone calls so we can plan our next steps.  I need you to steer clear of the gym until I say otherwise.  Hang out with Larry at the front desk for a while, and then I will let you in on what happens next.”  I got up and left the office, softly closing the door behind me.  I realized I had drifted out of my ramped up mode and back into normal in Jeremiah’s office.  I was glad I had done so, because I had been burning up a lot of energy.  I was going to need to eat a heavy meal again.  I figured I could make it into the early morning before I ate next.  I nodded to Larry and sat down, staring out the front office window as a means of isolating myself.  I really didn’t want to talk.  The loss was brutal, and I was still trying to get my head wrapped around it.  I needed to be faster, more violent and more efficient at killing and disabling.  I thought about it and decided that I should incorporate shurikens, the Chinese throwing stars, into my arsenal.  They were small, but wide enough to totally sever a person’s spine if thrown by someone with the strength and speed I possessed.  My gut wrenched and I was in danger of losing whatever was in my stomach.  If I had only stopped to think about those kinds of needs earlier, Robert would still be alive.  I was completely capable of having prevented it, and I didn’t.  I needed more training.  For the moment, I wasn’t much more than a highly skilled technical martial artist.  I realized now, that this wasn’t the same as being a skilled warrior.  I needed to think like a Ranger, a Seal Team member.  I needed to learn how all the little parts like hand-to-hand combat and weapons skills, could be translated into the most impact on a fight.  How could I get that?  Where did they teach that without trading away the knowledge of what I was capable of to others?  I was still reeling when Timothy and Ben passed by the window and walked inside.  Timothy wasted no time on pleasantries.  “How’s Robert?”  He asked.  I looked at him, and I couldn’t even speak.  I felt the tears rolling down my cheeks and I made no move to stop them.  I couldn’t face anyone right now.  I looked away and got up to walk outside when Timothy stopped me.  There was no nonsense about him, he grabbed me with both hands and stopped me in mid-step.  “Stop it!”  He said.  “We both did all we could.  If you had been able to save him, you would have even at the cost of your own life.  I know you, so I know this.”  I angrily shook my head, tears flying where they may, and told him the truth.  “I COULD have saved him!  I just realized how, but I could have saved him.”  Timothy was still holding me tightly as he replied, “I have no doubt you could now, but when it happened you couldn’t have.  If you just learned something, good.  Cling to that and remember Robert when you make use of it.  He would like that.”  Then, Timothy did something I was totally unprepared for.  He hugged me.  Ben and Larry joined us, all four of us fiercely hugging each other when Tish burst through the door crying and joining us.  “I know.”  She said.  “Jeremiah called me and told me what happened.  He told me what you did.  You probably saved Timothy’s life, and you have been the only one on the team who has given the witch a little payback.”  She kissed me on the cheek and said, “In my world, you rock.”  She turned to Timothy, “What else have you learned?  Spill it Tim.”  Timothy cleared his throat and began to speak when we heard, “Save it for a moment.  That way you won’t have to repeat it.  Right now we’re going to move our guest into the closet in the gym.  We overbuilt it so it could function as a temporary, soundproofed holding cell.  Everyone follow me to the gym.”  Back downstairs we went and then spread out around the witch.  Jeremiah said, “Timothy, John, you two take our guest and secure him in the closet.  We picked him up, chair and all, carrying him to the closet.  There wasn’t enough room to fit the chair in.  There was two very solid metal bars looping out, one from each side of the closet.  Each was just big enough for a handcuff.  Also, overhead ran a thick pipe.  Timothy said, “We’re going to have to take the handcuffs off of the chair so we can cuff him to the walls.  I’ll unlock the handcuffs, you make sure he doesn’t try anything.”  The witch smirked at me and said, “So you’re going to hurt me if I try anything?”  My face remained expressionless, as I said, “No.”  He looked at me as though trying to figure me out, and never saw the punch coming.  The smack of my fist hitting his head made a satisfying sound and he drooped in the chair, only held up by the handcuffs.  “Well,” said Timothy, “I did say to make sure he didn’t try anything.”  Quickly he unlocked the handcuffs and we pulled him out of the chair and handcuffed him into the closet.  We closed the door and locked it while he was still unconscious.  I was amused when we walked back over to see David was watching the feed from a camera obviously hidden in the frame of the closet door.  The witch was still out cold.  “Gather round.”  David said, and Jeremiah began to speak.
“We’ve lost someone we care about, a brother.  We will take time to pay proper respects to him, when we bury him out by the cabin.  For the moment, we need to share what information we have, and determine what if any threat remains.  Timothy, what did you learn?”  Timothy spoke firmly, “Before we entered the house, John mentioned the very strong odors of the witches.  They were the typical smells, but many times stronger.  I thought we had rolled up on a home business operation where they were crating large batches of the soaps and sprays they like to use for resell.  I’ve been around that before and it’s what it reminded me of.  Now I’m pretty sure the point of it was to attempt to take away the advantages our people have by distracting our other senses while taking our sense of smell out of the equation completely.  I now realize it did hamper our sense of smell to the point we didn’t realize two witches were hiding right in the room with us.”  He looked at me and shrugged, “I should have paid more attention to John when he told me how much the smell was affecting him.  As for the house,” he continued, “the accouterments for witchcraft were much higher grade than what you would expect to find used by the average coven.  The range of ingredients on the shelves alone probably ran a quarter of a million.  The gold and silver material for enchantments was easily another hundred thousand.  Some high rollers were backing the operation, because there was no evidence to suggest they didn’t live at the home full time.  According to the property records we found last night, they moved in almost six years ago.  None of them were employed, yet they lived well.  Not well enough to be enchantment or spell rock stars though.  So I leaned towards them being a hit team.  Until I found a letter in the hidden compartment our guest in the closet had been hiding in.  He had wadded it up and stuck it into the middle of a pile of trash, but I found it.  It was a letter telling the coven to back off and wait for help to arrive.”  Here he paused and said, “The letter informed them that John was a bigger problem than they had expected, and that it was imperative they do nothing else to make things worse.  Here’s the really strange part, it said a Warlock was inbound.”  All eyes turned to me, and I was shocked.  Only Jeremiah and Tish had known that I was the target of these attacks.  Now everyone knew I was the target.  Jeremiah asked, “John, do you have anything else from what you observed at the house you want to add?”  I replied, “I really don’t have much to add.  I can describe everything in as much detail as you want.  I can add to what we know about our closet witch.  He is from a different coven than the ones we’ve already come across.  Different tattoos, and he wears an entirely different style of jewelry than the others did.  Oh, and that jar full of things that looked like marbles only smaller, and pulsed red, those really weirded me out for some reason.”  Jeremiah said, “I don’t recall seeing something like that before.  I can, however, tell you that I looked over the jewelry you had bagged.  Understated jewelry often points to dignitaries among witches.  It costs more to get a small item enchanted, they have to be pure silver or gold, and often involve precious gems.  In this case, that proves to be true.  He has been trusted to carry orders to a group that wouldn’t respect most couriers, his enchants were both strong and unusual.  People are going to come looking for him.  We probably have two days before someone shows up looking, perhaps longer.  We will have help before then.”  He looked at me sadly, and said, “John, be packed and ready to move out.  Once the enforcers get here you will learn your travel plans.  They want both you and Tish to relocate.  I have no idea how you will be traveling and where you will end up.  I wish we had more time together, I think we both could have learned a lot.  Tish, you already know the drill.  You’ll know what you need to know when they get here.  I enjoyed your stay.”  She gave him a hug and told him that she would miss him as well.  I was shocked.  I hadn’t expected this at all.  How could I protect them if I left?  “Will I be able to stay in touch with you?”  I asked.  Jeremiah smiled and said, “At some point, yes.  For a while, for security reasons you might not be able to.  I have some contacts and I will be following your progress as best I can.  When it’s allowed, I will be in touch.  In an emergency, well I have no intention of changing my number, you understand?”  I was relieved and was able to dig up a smile from somewhere when I replied, “Yes sir.”  He looked around at the team and said, “Here’s what I need to happen.  Ben and Larry, it’s going to be a late night for the two of you.  Go get supplies for overnight, come back and take the van.  You two are going to take Robert back to the cabin.  The rest of the team will be showing up at dawn, so we can lay Robert to rest.  David has agreed to watch over our guest tonight and tomorrow until Timothy can get back to give him a break after we say goodbye to Robert.  John, you’re with me until you get briefed for travel.  We’ll stop by the apartment to pick your stuff up.  Everyone out of here, see you at dawn.”
We stepped out into the parking lot and walked over to his truck.  He asked, “Could you handle a meal?”  I nodded and said, “I’m hungry to be honest.  Jeremiah, do you know what a shuriken is?  He smiled and said, “I’m familiar with them.”  I followed up with, “Is there a local martial arts studio that sells them?  I need six of them.”  He nodded and said, “I should have thought of that before.  After we eat, we can pick up your stuff and head to my place.  I can give you six of them, and I have a place you can practice.  You think you can throw them fast enough they will cut through the spine?”  I said, “I know I can, with enough speed it will be like a wide bladed knife.”  He replied, “I agree, but I never could throw with enough speed to reliably get the job done.  I’m interested to see what you can do after I show you how to throw them.  I suppose tell you once, show you once, and get out of the way, right?”  I shrugged.  We pulled up to an Italian place and both ordered large meals with appetizers.  We tucked those away, paid the bill and left.  While we walked through the parking lot Jeremiah said, “The next stop is a little louder, so once we get a booth we can talk quietly.  I have a few things I want to say.  I’ll talk and you listen.  When I stop you will nod to show you heard me.  You don’t have to agree with what I say and I don’t want you to do any talking.  You need to know more than you do.  You understand?”  I probably looked a little confused as I said, “Yes sir.”  We reached his truck and got back in.  He looked at me and said, “Next stop, the best barbecue you’ve ever had.”  We drove in silence to the next restaurant.  I suppose he was thinking of what he wanted to say while I was contemplating what all the secrecy meant.  We didn’t have to wait long for a booth, and Jeremiah was understating it when he said the place was loud.  A live band was playing southern rock while everyone there seemed determined to yell over it.  I was surprised people at the same table could hear one another.  We each ordered several BBQ sandwiches and a bucket of fries.  From the guests I could see, our order wasn’t anything unusual here.  We didn’t have to wait long until the waitress returned with our food and a pitcher of ice tea.  Southern Style.  For those not familiar, a small cup could power a flock of hummingbirds for a day.  It smelled good, and I smiled.  I could tear into it, because I wasn’t talking.  I did say one thing.  “You go ahead boss, I’m all ears.”  Then I grinned and reached for my first sandwich.
“Can you hear me?”  He quietly asked.  I nodded.  “Good, no one else could possibly hear me. I need to tell you a few things to help protect you.  Not everyone is going to be thrilled if they learn your true capabilities, and you have no way to know who is out to help you and who’s out to take care of someone else’s agenda.  The only way, in my opinion, you’re going to survive is to only use the least amount of your abilities you can.  Be careful, some of the enforcers already know you are an excellent martial artist.  So show that off, but leave out how fast you learn.  They will see how fast you heal if you get hurt, but never let them see how fast you can really move.  Never let them understand how acute your senses of hearing, smell and sight are.  It wouldn’t hurt if you managed to look like you forgot something once in while.  You got everything so far?”  I nodded, reaching for my second sandwich.  “The first thing you need to know is you’re not an enforcer, but you can fit in with them while you decide what to do.  Stay right at their best level, maybe edge up just a bit while sparring, and learn everything you can.  You will learn the best fighting tactics, the best strategies and receive the best weapons training available anywhere.  The training you’re going to have access to will be exactly what you need.  The problem will be, who has access to you.  Again, everyone is going to put you in the enforcer box.  I was an enforcer, I know what they are, and your capabilities are way beyond that.  I’ve met people who are governors.  You are way beyond that.  There are rumors of our history, when another type of our people is believed to have existed.  It might just be a myth.  When you get a chance to visit the library, read about it for yourself.  Don’t ask for it, research and find it yourself.  Then just read parts of it when you can do so discreetly, you don’t want to give anyone a clue that you aren’t an enforcer.”  Here Jeremiah paused, then said, “John, it’s very important that you fit in with the enforcers, or you will quite likely be weeded out, for good.  People who don’t neatly fit into a pre-made box are considered a problem.  Once certain people see you as a problem, they will do whatever it takes to ‘solve’ the problem.”  Jeremiah took another short break and asked, “Does this make sense?”  I nodded, poured some more ice tea and started on my fries.  I was trying very hard at this point to look nonchalant, but I was feeling a little uneasy.  I thought I was being moved for safety reasons, but it sounded more like I was being moved for observation and quite possibly for being culled out from this world.  Jeremiah began to speak again.  “You don’t even know what you are, and what you’re capable of.  One of the most important things, besides making sure everyone thinks you’re an enforcer, is that you keep stretching and exploring what you’re capable of.  An acorn is easy to crush, an oak tree, not so much.  Think on this, but ask me no questions unless I ask you if you have any, and that might not happen.  I’m going on the assumption at this point that the office is bugged.  I suggest you do the same.  I finished the last of my fries and said, “Thank you Jeremiah, I understand.”  I waived down the waitress as Jeremiah started on his first sandwich and asked for two more sandwiches and a bucket of fries to go.  I think Jeremiah was impressed.

Sixteen

We arrived at Jeremiah’s home after stopping at Robert’s apartment to pick my stuff up.  It felt odd being in there, but it needed to be done.  Closing the door and locking it felt so final.  Jeremiah lived in a ranch style home, with a full basement.  One end of the basement had targets set up, the other end a workbench and assorted weapons.  A great many assorted weapons.  The scary part?  You could tell Jeremiah was quite capable of using every weapon on hand.  However, it was very nice to see the selection of shurikens, or throwing stars, that he had in a sturdy wooden box.  He handed me the box and said, “I was thinking along the same lines as you, shurikens equal a really wide knife blade.  Unfortunately, I simply couldn’t generate enough speed to throw them fast enough that they did the damage I wanted at the distance I needed.  So go through the box and take whatever you want.  I only held onto them because I can’t bear to throw away a weapon even if I can’t use it.  I can, however, show you how to throw them.”  With that, he walked down the length of the basement until he was about twenty feet from a wooden dummy.  “Are you ready?”  He asked.  I nodded, and quite slowly he selected a star shaped piece of metal from the box I held.  I watched carefully how he grasped it, flicked his arm and then wrist forward like a whip and snapped the shuriken at the dummy, striking it in the neck.  I understood why he chose to not carry them.  He was right.  He couldn’t hit the target at twenty feet with enough power to do what needed to be done.  “OK, he said, throw a few at the target from here, but throw it lightly or we won’t be able to pull them out of the wood.  I have something upstairs you can use for a target at full speed.  You practice a few throws from here and then back up to where you feel comfortable.  He walked back to the bench and then upstairs.  I looked for the heaviest shurikens in the box, and selected a handful of eight pointed ones.  More points meant more metal, and that meant a heavier shuriken.  I tossed them at the dummy and was amazed at how natural it felt.  I really liked these things.  I walked back to the bench and threw them at a speed that was probably faster then an enforcer could duplicate, each one striking the neck of the dummy.  I walked back to the dummy to gather my shurikens and as I pulled them from the wood Jeremiah waked back down the stairs with a ham.  The ham had the bone in rather than the boneless hams many people seemed to prefer buying these days.  I just smiled.  I saw exactly what he was going to do.  He walked back down to the target, and hung the ham from a meat hook tied to a pipe running about two feet above the dummy.  He turned to me and said, “I’m not about to let you slice and dice every ham I have just for target practice.”  He spread a tarp under the ham and said, “I expect you to eat this ham after you kill it.  To get the most of this opportunity, I suggest you aim low at the ham and work your way up.”  Then he asked, “Do you mind if I stick around and watch?  I would really like to see you pull this off.”  I grinned and said, “Jeremiah, I have no secrets from you.  Let’s slice some ham.”  I walked back to the bench and turned to face the ham.  I could already see surprise registering on his face.  I placed all but one shuriken in my left hand, ramped to my highest level and threw it.  There was a loud pop sound as it left my hand and then it struck the ham cutting through the meat, the bone and then out the other side of the meat.  I threw two more in quick succession then tossed two stars in my right hand and began throwing with my left hand.  Everyone made that pop sound and then cut through the ham, bone and all.  Jeremiah just looked at me stunned.  He shook his head and said, “You know that’s not really possible, right?  If anyone sees you carrying those things, tell them you use them to distract an opponent.  They will respect that and believe it.  You have everything you want, or do you need any other weapons?” he asked.  I replied, “These were all I needed.  I wish I had thought of them a week ago.”  He picked up the box to return it to where he kept it stored.  As he did so, he said, “I would make one recommendation if you’re serious about using those.  Either be artistic and make some yourself, or buy them, but leather inserts for your front pockets or rear pockets will keep those shurikens from cutting through your pockets.  That will keep the shapes of them from being seen as well.”  I cleaned the grease from the ham off of my shurikens and placed three in each front pocket.  I would have to see about getting some leather and stitching up some inserts.  Jeremiah said, “I suggest turning in for the night, I imagine tomorrow will be very busy.”  With that, I followed him upstairs from the basement and settled into the guest room for the night.
The following morning did start busy, but not so busy that I didn’t have time to enjoy a great breakfast.  I found myself again focused on learning how to cook once I had enough survival skills under my belt to ensure I would be able to enjoy that.  I thanked Jeremiah for cooking such an enjoyable breakfast.  He suggested that I pack my bags and bring them with me.  He told me it would be best to keep my belongings close by because there was no way to know when or where I would be told to go.  He opened the truck door, folded the seat forward and was helping me load my stuff in the space behind the seat when he asked, “Are those books I feel in there?”  I replied, “I have some of the martial arts books I read packed in there.”  He nodded, and asked another question.  “Are you still able to memorize everything once you’ve read a book?”  I suppose I looked a little surprised as I answered, “I can even tell you which pages had imperfections.”  Jeremiah laughed and told me, “I would suggest leaving them at the office when we get there.  You don’t need them, and dragging them around just makes it easier for your enemies to learn what you’re interested in.  From this point forward, you need to keep anything you can private.  Knowledge is power, and the less anyone knows about your capabilities the better.  Make them pay for admission into your world.  Be cautious of making friends until you have a clear understanding of who can be trusted and any political movements in play.”  He returned the seat to the upright position, hiding my belongings from view.  I climbed into the passenger side, and we headed out to the cabin.
We pulled up in front of the cabin, where the twins were sitting on the front porch.  We got out of the truck and walked over to the twins.  Larry said, “Tish is inside, we just got a phone call from Timothy and he’s about five minutes out.”  Jeremiah asked, “Have you picked a place?”  Ben nodded.  “Good,” Jeremiah said.  “We need to go ahead and dig the grave.  Let’s get the shovels and do that.”  We walked to the shed in back, and I pulled out a shovel and a pickaxe.  Ben led us to the site, just within eyesight of the cabin, under the shelter of an oak tree.  I took my shirt off and said, “I’ve got this.”  I set the pickaxe down and got to work with the shovel.  It felt good to just throw myself into it and leave the world behind for a while.  I ramped up enough to set a good pace and only had to swap out once for the pickaxe, using it to remove a thick root from the oak tree.  I was done in about half an hour, and tossed the shovel out.  I crouched and jumped out of the hole, which was just a little deeper than I was tall.  Ben had already returned to the front porch, huddled together with Larry, Tish and Timothy.  Jeremiah asked, “Has Robert been wrapped?”  Tish nodded yes.  Jeremiah said, “Then it’s time.  Timothy, Tish, Larry and Ben, I need the four of you to carry Robert to his final resting place.  John, I will need you to climb back down into the grave so we can hand Robert to you.  Once you have laid him out, I will help you back out.  Let’s go.”  I heard what he said and understood he was letting me know this ceremony was to be dignified, no hopping in and out of the grave.  I think Robert would have been amused, but I understood this was more for those of us left behind then for Robert.  I lowered myself into the grave and waiting for the other four to hand him down to me.  I cradled him in my arms and gently arranged him in his grave.  Satisfied, I reach up and Jeremiah grasped my hand in a rock solid grip.  He pulled me up and I was standing beside him, the other four flanking us.  We stood there silently, thinking our private thoughts until Jeremiah removed his cowboy hat and began to speak.  He spoke of trust, friendship, loyalty and sacrifice.  As he spoke of these he gave an example of how Robert had embodied each one of them.  Then he said a short prayer, walked over to the shovel and placed a shovel full of soil back into the grave.  Each of my other team members silently took the shovel and placed some soil into the grave.  I walked up last, and did the same, stepped back, but held onto the shovel.  Jeremiah nodded understanding and said, “Let’s go back to the cabin, John will join us when he’s done.”  They walked away, and I began to fill in the grave.
When I was done, I walked to the back of the shed and hosed off the dirt and sweat.  I was wet, but I didn’t really care.  I returned to the front of the cabin where everyone else waited, making light conversation.  Jeremiah told Larry and Ben to head back to their place and shower up, then grab some breakfast before heading into the office.  He told Tish and Timothy to meet us back at the office, and then he and I walked back to his truck.  As we pulled away, I wondered if I would ever see the cabin again.
We were approaching the city.  I was scanning traffic and the passing scenery looking for anything resembling a threat.  This was the only reason I saw him.  I saw Kyle, the enforcer I originally met at the cabin, getting into a taxi.  I decided not to mention it, he was a known good guy and so I filed it away and kept scanning.  Jeremiah pulled up to the office and I reached for my belongings.  Jeremiah said, “You can leave them in here for now.”  I said, “OK, but I’m going to pull the books out and leave them in the gym.”  We entered the office and I went straight down to the gym to put away the books.  David was down there, wide-awake, keeping an eye on the video camera streaming to his smart phone.  He looked up at me when I entered and said, “Good thing you’re probably leaving today.  Someone’s going to have to clean that closet out when our guest is gone.  No way was I going to give him a bathroom break when it was just me on security.”  I took a minute to look at the video.  The witch was in bad shape.  I had no sympathy for him, and said, “He’s lucky to be alive.  When someone else shows up, they can help me drag him to the showers and let him soak for a while.”  About then Jeremiah appeared and said, “Two enforcers are on the way to pick up the witch and transport him to where ever they’re taking him.  They said they would be here in about an hour.”  I shrugged and said, “Will you give me a hand tossing him into the shower?  David thinks it’s needed before we turn him over.”  Jeremiah laughed and said, “I will be your backup.  You go ahead and remove him from the closet and put him in the shower.”  I was pretty much expecting that, and didn’t mind.  I could concentrate on what needed to be done, knowing that Jeremiah would be alert to anything I might miss if distracted.
The shower went quickly, the witch protesting the entire time.  I pulled him out of the closet, grabbed him by the shirt and dragged him to the shower.  Turning the water to warm, I pulled the detachable showerhead off of the wall and used it to spray him down.  After about 15 minutes, I deemed him suitably rinsed off.  I had reached for some body wash but the witch wailed so loud at that, I was convinced to forgo it.  I realized that I had worked my way past being interested in inflicting pain on him.  I simply no longer cared about him.  I dragged him back to the gym and Jeremiah pulled out the chair we had cuffed the witch to last night.  I cuffed him back to it, brought a bottle of water to him and held it while he drank his fill.  Then I took a seat on the floor and watched, hoping for the sake of the enforcers that he dried off before they got here.  Surprisingly, the time passed fairly quickly.
David walked back into the gym with a man and a woman on his heels.  He said, “Gentlemen, these are the enforcers we’ve been expecting.  Assist them in any manner possible so we can bid our guest goodbye.”  The woman stepped forward and said to me, “I assume you’re John.”  I confirmed that with a careful nod.  She turned to David and asked him and Jeremiah to help her associate load the witch up in the van parked outside, and that they also give him anything we took off of the witch.  Jeremiah looked concerned but did as he was asked.  As they hoisted the witch up out of the chair and carried him out, the remaining enforcer spoke.  “I’m Susan, and John, I’ve really been looking forward to meeting you.  Kyle has been telling us a little about you, but he’s always holding something back.”  I was distracted for a second as I realized Tish was somewhere nearby.  I wondered how I had missed that earlier.  Susan had been saying something else.  I didn’t catch anything except, “…that you’re very good with martial arts.”  She cocked her head and said, “Let’s find out about that.”  I sensed she was going to put that in action and ramped up before her first move.  It was a very quick jab, and I slowed down so that I didn’t quite block it.  “Not bad.”  She said.  But I was expecting a little more.  I shrugged, and she said, “Don’t worry, where you’re going you will get proper training.  You will be a very good Enforcer.  I can see that in you.  So, let me give you a heads up.  There are several instructors who will train you after hours on any subject taught there.  One such individual is Charles.  Hook up with Charles and listen well.  He will guide you through any problems that may crop up and make sure you get assigned to our group.”  She winked at me and said, “You’re going to like working with our group.  Now keep that just between us.  I’m reaching out to you because I’ve been told you’re exceptionally talented.  I want you to get assigned to the best group for you, but recruiting is highly discouraged.  Just seek out Charles, and you will be in good hands.”  With that she disappeared up the stairwell and out of the building.
I spoke out loud, “So, what did you think about that Tish?”  She stepped out from the locker room, looking a little embarrassed.  “How long did you know I was there?”  She asked.  I told her, “Almost as soon as she started talking.”  She looked surprised, then shrugged it off and seemed to be a little angry.  She said, “That girl was way out of line!  It’s forbidden to recruit until after training is complete.  It’s a basic rule, to protect recruits and keep everyone focused on training.  The very fact that she did that, should warn you off from associating with that group.”  She looked thoughtful, “I heard her land a punch on you.  Did you let her?”  I thought about it, and realized I trusted her.  “I did.”  I told her.  I continued, “I saw no reason to let her know what I’m capable off.”  She smiled and said, “I hear words of wisdom that sound like Jeremiah.  You hold on to everything he’s told you.  It just might be enough to get you through what is coming next.”  With that, she turned and went upstairs.  I watched her go, and wondered what I really knew about her.  It wasn’t much.  There was a lot more about her I didn’t know.  However, I did know this much.  She had fought beside me, and trusted me to have her back.  She was part of my team.  Also, she always seemed on my mind.  I considered her in any plans I made.  I decided that’s all I really needed to know.  I went upstairs to the main office.
Jeremiah looked at me with a question in his eyes, but he just said, “I had thought they were going to be giving Tish and you your orders.  Ends up they were just here for the prisoner.  Did she say much to you?”  I told him, “Not much, I guess some of the enforcers have already been told some stuff about me.”  Jeremiah raised an eyebrow and said, “Enforcers love to talk once they get back to their quarters.  Just remember what we’ve talked about and you’ll be fine.”  David wondered aloud who the enforcer was we were waiting on, and if he had arrived in town yet.  I didn’t mention Kyle.  I wanted to just watch what happened, and if Kyle would show up or someone else.  Our little city certainly seemed to have enough enforcers about.  Jeremiah said, “Well, if our enforcer hasn’t called yet, I’m going to assume it’s OK to take an early lunch.  Tish, John, why don’t you two allow me to buy you lunch?  We both jumped up smiling, and followed Jeremiah out to his truck.  The three of us managed to fit in, and we drove off looking for a good meal.  At a stoplight I noticed a man in the crosswalk who had a pistol on his side.  That was OK, Tennessee allowed open carry if you were licensed.  However, it was the holster that got me excited.  “Look.”  I said to Jeremiah.  “See the holster that guy in the crosswalk has?  Where in town could I get two of those?”  Jeremiah and Tish both looked, and Jeremiah said, “You can get those at any place that sells pistols.  There are several around here that we can stop at on the way to lunch.”  I’m sure I had a smug look on my face as I said, “That would be great.”  
True to his word, Jeremiah pulled up to a gun store not more than five minutes later.  We all walked inside and I wandered over to where they kept the holsters.  I was looking for something big enough to hold my shurikens, and that was as inexpensive as possible.  I found a pair, left and right carry.  I walked over to the counter with them and the cashier rang them up   Thirty-four dollars later I walked out with two inexpensive, leather holsters used for what was called an inside waist band carry.  Tish and Jeremiah followed me back to the truck.  Tish couldn’t stand it any longer and said, “You know, those things are rumored to work even better with guns.”  I told her, “I don’t have any guns.  Guns have parts, and parts break.  Now give me a second to fix these things.  Jeremiah and Tish looked at each other then joined me as I walked to the tailgate and dropped it, to give myself a work table.  I removed the holsters from the plastic bags, set them on the tailgate, and got out my pocket knife.  Tish snickered and shook her head.  Then I picked up the first holster, and snapped off the little clip designed to go over a belt.  Then I cut the top portion of the holster off and tested it.  It fit into my front pocket perfectly.  I used the first as a template for the second and soon had one in each front pocket.  Jeremiah laughed and said, “I don’t know if you’re creative or just lazy, but those will do the job.”  Trish looked confused until I pulled out my shurikens and put three into each pocket.  She thought about it, and then said, “No way.  Nobody can throw those things hard enough to make them effective to deal with what you have to handle.”  She looked at me again, and then just shook her head in surprise.  “You wouldn’t carry them if you couldn’t get the job done with them.  What are you going to tell other people?”  I said, “They’re just to distract people in a fight so I can get the upper hand.”  She replied, “Oh, I get it, good idea.”  The she looked at me again and said, “You’re lying, but that’s a good story.  Stick to it as long as you can.”  With that, we went to lunch.

Seventeen

We returned from lunch, pulling into the parking to learn that the enforcer had arrived only minutes before. David presented us to a big red haired man who introduced himself as George and told us he was to pick up Tish and myself.  He informed us that he had parked in the rear and that we would get further orders at our next check-in point.  He seemed a little off, but then he was an enforcer.  I still didn’t know much about them.  I went in to get my stuff while Tish got her belongings out of the trunk of her car.  George seemed in a great hurry, so we said our goodbyes and got in his car.  He backed out of the parking space while I asked him if he knew what had happened to the witch.  He told me he didn’t know anything about a witch, and again he seemed off.  As he put the car in drive I recognized the same smell my neighbor had given off when he was misleading me.  I knew something really was wrong and as he turned the corner from the back lot to the side of our office I hit him hard with my left fist to the right side of his head just as a knife sprouted from his forehead and Tish was kicking him in the back of the head from the rear seat.  I reached over and jammed the car in park as I locked in on Kyle, the only   enforcer I knew other than Jeremiah, standing in front of the vehicle.  A second ticked off as I determined Kyle was still a good guy.  I turned off the ignition and stepped out, wondering how this was going to get straightened out, but there was no time for that.  Kyle said, “Grab your stuff, my car is in front.  We’re out of here now, once we’re moving one of you can call the office to let them know about the mess in the parking lot.”  I didn’t even slow down, I just popped the trunk open, we grabbed our stuff and threw it in the back seat of Kyle’s car.  I got in next to Kyle and Tish pushed enough stuff over to squeeze into the back seat.  We drove in silence for two blocks and then I made a call to the office.  I told Jeremiah, “I can’t explain, no time.  We’re with Kyle and we’re OK.  You have a mess to clean up on the side parking lot at the office.  Sorry about that.”  Then I hung up.  Kyle said, “Tish, hand John your phone.  John, pull the batteries out of both phones and then put them in the glove compartment.  I will have some of our techs go over them to see if anyone has been snooping on you two through those phones.”
I did as told and then asked, “OK, what just happened back there?  Did we just kill an enforcer?”  Kyle’s eyes were constantly scanning for situational awareness.  Tish and I were doing the same.  As this continued he drove through the city and he began to speak.  “Not really,” he said.  “He used to be an enforcer, but he dropped off the radar a few months ago.  The other two, the ones who picked up the witch, have never been enforcers.  It looks like George had been giving them a crash course so they could fool someone long enough to pull off a quick mission.  I was watching them when they pulled up in the van.  As soon as they left the parking lot they made a call our techs intercepted.  They called someone, we now know it was George, to let him know they had the witch.  George verified they had seen you, John.  Then he told them to get rid of the witch and meet him back at the safe house.  My team couldn’t get into position in time to save the witch, so I told them to fall back and follow the team to the safe house, and take them down there.  I’ve been waiting across the street watching to see who was going to show up.  As soon as I saw George I knew I had my man.”  Then he took his eyes off the road for a split second just to look at me, and then asked, “I was surprised to see both of you attacking him even as I was throwing my knife.  Care to elaborate on what went down?”  I said, “He just wasn’t acting right, he seemed to be too worried about looking formidable instead of just being formidable.”  Tish added, “I just jumped in when I saw John start to move on him, I trust John’s instincts.”  She seemed a little surprised as she said that, but Kyle seemed to buy her story.  However, he asked me, “That’s all you got John?”  I just said, “You didn’t see me going for a kill shot, did you?”  Which was true.  I had wanted him alive so Jeremiah could iron it out.  Kyle just said, “Well if you try that crap on me, you better kill me.  It was bad enough I had to leave my team to investigate the safe house without me.  I will not waste time trying to defend myself if you decide I’m not formidable enough.”  I thought about it a moment, and said, “Kyle, you can’t help being formidable.  That’s part of what you are and since you’re the only active duty enforcer I’ve ever met, I just assumed all enforcers were like that.”  Kyle smiled and drove on.
We stopped for gas twice.  The first time we managed to move our belongings from the backseat to the trunk.  We picked up plenty of water and chicken from the small restaurant built into the gas station.  The second time we just fit in bathroom breaks and moved on.  It was late in the night when we finally pulled off at an exit and checked into a hotel.  We got a room with two beds, which was fine because we all took turns pulling sentry duty.  Kyle had spoken with his team while driving, they had taken down the two men in the van no problem, as expected the witch was already dead.  They found almost nothing in the safe house, with the exception of a short note printed out and sitting on the kitchen counter.  Prefer target be taken alive.  If not possible, kill him.  Two lines, and Kyle felt positive that I was the target.  Once we had settled in at the hotel I asked Kyle, “So, they were working with the witches but killed that witch anyway?”  Kyle looked at me and for the first time I saw curiosity as he said, “No, both the witches and this team were after you.  They weren’t working together though.  Each team had their own reasons and own teams.  We don’t know what the reasons were.  We just hope there aren’t any other teams out to get you that we don’t know about.  He shook his head and finished with, “I know you are good, you’re going to be a great enforcer, but that still doesn’t explain this amount of interest.  Until we understand what’s driving this, we’re going to have you locked down at our training center.  It’s the safest place anyone could be.”  I had the last shift, so I got ready for bed and went to sleep. I was woken up at four in the morning for my shift.  Kyle claimed the bed I had been in, while I dressed and got ready for the day.
We took turns showering and then packed the car.  We left the hotel and went straight to a truck stop to gas up and fill up.  After breakfast we got into the car and headed north.  During breakfast Kyle had been in contact with his team and learned that everything pointed to no other teams in the hunt for me.  Kyle told us we would be arriving at the training center this evening.  Tish heard that and said, “We’re heading north, going to the Centennial.  I can’t wait to be back, and John, you’re going to love the training there.  Kyle nodded his head in agreement, and other than two stops for gas and food, we didn’t stop.  I saw a sign saying we were welcome to Wisconsin before it got too dark to enjoy the countryside.  I saw glimpses of the Great Lakes through the forests and fell in love with the area.  I could understand why the Centennial was out here.  Privacy and lots of it.  Later in the evening we pulled up to a large manned gate, when the guard saw Kyle, we were quickly waved through.  I could tell the guard tried to get a look at me without being obvious.  We pulled into a covered parking garage that was several levels high.  We left the car Kyle had been driving in a parking space there and grabbing our belongings, followed Kyle to a stairway and down to a walkway that led into a building that resembled someone’s idea of an apartment complex created from bomb shelters.  There were a few open areas to enjoy the outdoors, but the majority of the area was covered in living quarters, office buildings, and what looked like two very large gyms.  
Arriving at what must have been the main building, we entered a set of double doors and approached a desk resembling what you would find in a hotel lobby.  The woman at the desk looked all business, I had the feeling she was working the desk as a cover, and she was actually the security guard.  She just looked like she was being nice because it pleased her, but if you screwed up and flipped the switch, she would rip your heart out and eat it before you died.  She smiled and gave Kyle a hug as she said, “Here’s your key Kyle, everything as you left it, except we finally got to clean it while you were gone.  Do you even know what a broom looks like?”  She turned to Tish and said, “We’re so glad to have you back.  You’ve been gone a long while.  This key is to your storage so you can retrieve what you left here.  The other key is to your new place, in the same block you were in before, so it should be easy to find.”  She looked at me a little closer.  “So,” she said.  “You’re what all the fuss is about.  Welcome to the centennial.  Here is a map and I’ve circled your block.  Your room has all of the basic hygiene products you will need until you have a chance to select what you prefer.  There are towels and linens already in your room along with a small fridge stocked with water.  There is a cafeteria I circled in red on your map, very close to your room.  It’s open twenty-four hours a day, every day of the week.  Meals are free, so fill up if Kyle didn’t feed you right.  The last building you need to know about right now is circled in blue.  You are to show up at the building, in room 102, at eight A.M. on the nose.  Early is on time, on time means you’re not serious, understand?”  I of course said, “Yes mam.”  She nodded and then said, “There is an alarm clock on the nightstand next to your bed, and in the nightstand is a folder with the basic rules you need to know to stay out of trouble.  I suggest reading that before you go eat.”  She finished with, “Is there anything else you will need until tomorrow?”  I went for polite and said, “No, thank you mam.”  She beamed at me and turned to Kyle.  “Kyle,” she said.  “Do you see what nice manners this gentleman has?  You hang out with him a little more and see if any of that can rub off on you.”  Kyle rolled his eyes and departed for his quarters.  Tish grabbed my shoulder and said, “I’m going to be real busy the next few days.  If I see you I’ll wave, but we won’t have time to talk.  I will catch up with you by Friday, OK?”  I said, “That sounds great, thanks Tish.”  I gathered up my stuff and went looking for my room.
The map was straightforward and I found my room with ease.  I unlocked the door and stepped inside, flipping the light switch on before closing the door.  I was in a studio apartment, carefully laid out to give the maximum amount of living space in a small area.  There was a living area, a kitchenette and a full bathroom.  To the side of the bathroom was a small closet.  Over the bathroom was a loft with a bed and the promised nightstand, an alarm clock perched on top.  I placed most of my belongings in the closet and then went up to the loft.  I wanted to read the folder I had been told to familiarize myself with.  I read through it, and it was fairly basic.  It was written for people who needed to be told they weren’t the only people here and to conduct themselves in a manner that didn’t intrude on the privacy of others.  No loud music so as not to disturb a neighbor who worked nightshift, that sort of thing.  That obligation disposed of I turned to my real goal.  I wanted to see the cafeteria.  I could eat all I needed, and it was free?  I just hoped the food didn’t taste like it was from a public school cafeteria.  I locked the door to my quarters, and walked in the direction of unlimited food and drink.
I smelled the cafeteria before I saw it.  I inhaled and found the smells were very promising.  I was smiling before I walked through the door and beaming as I grabbed a tray to fill with good food.  The attendants were there to keep the buffet clean and filled.  You were allowed to serve yourself.  I pushed my tray along, placing a small portion of most of the hot food selections.  I wanted to learn what was good so next time I could just fill up on that.  There were plenty of fruits and vegetable to choose from, and even a salad bar.  My tray a little fuller than I had intended, I was just able to squeeze a large glass of water onto it.  At this hour there were plenty of empty tables, so I chose one close to the drink dispenser so refills would be more convenient.  As soon as I sat down a teenager brought a pitcher of water to my table.  I thanked him for the water.  He smiled and said, “I think you’re new here.”  I replied, “I am, I just got here tonight.”  He explained, “An attendant will always be watching to see what drink you pour, and bring you a pitcher of it.  When you’re done, bring your tray and any trash with you to the exit, where you’ll see an area to leave your tray.”  I interjected, “No problem.” as he continued, “Also, a heads up, the management doesn’t like waste.  Eat all you want, but make sure you eat what you take.  If you find something you don’t like, just remember not to take it again.  Welcome to the Centennial, you’re going to like it here.”  With that he waved goodbye and returned to his post, within eyesight of the beverage machines.  Left to my own devices, I began to sample the food, hoping it tasted as good as it smelled.  After the first bite, I was happily sampling everything.  I sighed as I relaxed into my chair.  I was going to like this.  The food was so much better than what I could do for myself.  Not up to the standards of Jeremiah’s cooking, but way past my own.  I ate everything and knew that I could probably choose any offering in the cafeteria and be very happy.  I stood up, found the exit sign and deposited my tray on the way out, as I had been instructed to do.  I made it back to my quarters and cleaned up before climbing up into the loft.  I set my alarm clock, and drifted off to sleep.

Eighteen

My alarm went off at six in the morning.  I had no idea how crowded the cafeteria would be for breakfast and I didn’t want to be sidetracked with hunger today.  I had no idea what to expect so I figured my best bet was to be prepared for anything.  I took care of my morning routines and headed over to the cafeteria, marking the time so I could adjust breakfast time tomorrow to avoid the rush.  It wasn’t bad when I got there, just a small line of people ahead of me.  I had been worried when I saw two groups of people milling around outside of the entrance but concluded they were just socializing rather than waiting in line.  I got through the line in about five minutes and found an empty table to sit down at.  I fit two glasses on my tray, one of water and one of milk.  To be honest, it was just out of perverse curiosity, I wanted to see what the person bringing a pitcher of what I was drinking would do.  The joke was on me.  A young lady smiled and brought me two pitchers, one of water and one of milk.  Fair enough, I started it and now I would have to finish it.  The server appeared very pleased with herself.  I was enjoying my meal when two girls approached my table and asked to join me.  I had no idea what else to say and since my mouth was full I just nodded my assent.  I thought about it and scanned the cafeteria paying more attention to those around me.  I was older than the large majority.  Most of the people I saw seemed to still be teenagers, with a few looking slightly older.  I remembered what Jeremiah had told me, that my abilities had come to life much later than what was normal.  I shrugged and decided I would just have to see how things went.  I might be older, but most of these people were probably way ahead of me in understanding what we were and how things were supposed to be done.  One of the girls looked up at me with very big eyes, it seemed as though she was working up the nerve to do something she had been dared to do.  She blushed and said, “So, the rumor is you’ve already had to kill someone.”  I took a breath, then a gulp of water while my mind raced at the proper response.  I went with no verification followed by a question.  I asked, “Where did you hear that?  Are you sure you have the right person?”  She looked caught off guard but recovered very quickly.  She said, “It’s just rumor mill stuff, I don’t know who started it.  But I know it’s about you.  You’re the only new person in the student cafeteria, so you’re the new student.”  She finished with, “We would already know if a new instructor was joining the staff.  She blushed again and asked, “Do you have a girlfriend?”  I realized I needed a girlfriend fast, before this got out of hand.  I said, “I do, we traveled here together, but she’s not a student.”  The girl looked disappointed as she said, “Oh, well that makes sense.”  Then with a look of satisfaction she announced, “After all, you’re kind of old.”  I just nodded, desperate to finish my meal and be somewhere else.  I hoped I would get a chance to ask Tish if I could allude to the other students that she was my girlfriend.  If she denied it, life as a student might become very problematical.  I put down the remainder of my meal in record time, excused myself from the table, and bolted for the exit.  The entire time studiously ignoring the quiet whispering and knowing looks between the two young ladies sharing my table.
I returned to my quarters as it was on the way to my appointment and wasted ten minutes just so I wouldn’t arrive at my appointment so early as to be ridiculous.  I walked across the campus and found my way to the office I was to report in to.  A man was already there, sitting at his desk.  He looked up as I knocked and said, “Excellent, you must be John.  Have a seat and let me call Diane to join us.”  I did as I was told, taking a seat on a very comfortable, overstuffed chair that sat in the corner.  The man picked up the phone and pressed a button, “Diane, John is here in my office.  Come on over and let’s go through indoctrination.”  He hung up and smiled, “we’re trying to decide how to best fit you in with the other students.  As you may have noticed, you’re a bit older than what we usually deal with.”  As he was finished, a lady walked into his office.  I stood up to be polite, the way I had been raised.  The woman snarled and said, “Have a seat!  When you can take me down in a sparring session, I might appreciate your manners.”  OK, obviously the wrong move.  I took a seat.  I knew I was supposed to keep things under the radar, but even Jeremiah had admitted that the word about my fighting skills would be known quickly.  Fine.  First chance I got with this sweet heart at the gym, she was kissing the mat.  After that, I STILL wasn’t going to stand up when she entered a room.  I have a lot of faults, but if you’re going to tear into me because you don’t like what I was taught to be proper manners, I wasn’t impressed.  Who gets angry with you for trying to be polite?  At most, nicely say you appreciate the intent but that you would prefer I don’t do that.  I would never continue to force upon someone an action that made them uncomfortable.  Dianne was introduced to me as the schools fighting instructor, and that she was uncomfortable with the idea of my sparring with students who were still young teenagers.  Then he asked me what I thought about that.  I didn’t hesitate as I answered, “Sir, I can promise you I know where the ends of my feet and hands are, and I know how to pull contact short of impact, or lessen the force of impact to whatever the trainer requires of me.”  John looked at Dianne and said, “How do you feel about that?”  She replied, “I think I will keep him with the larger students who if anything will have more training as well as probably a speed advantage over him.  I will adjust his opponents as required to fit our needs.”  She turned to me and said, “Tell me John, do you have any experience at all?”  I wondered why the students’ rumor mill pegged me as a killer and the fight trainer thought I was inept, and said, “I was the trainer for the pack that was taking care of me until the enforcers decided what to do about me.”  I could see from the corner of my eye that the man was grinning, while Dianne seemed insulted.  “In that case, as soon as you’re through with the rest of your indoctrination, show up over at the gym.  You can spar me so I can better evaluate your skills.  Don’t be afraid, I will take it easy on you.”  With that she got up and left.  He waited until the sound of Dianne’s footsteps faded away, then still smiling said, “John, I really enjoyed that.  She really has no clue about you.  She was invited to the brief, but she was adamant that you were just a student and should be treated as such.  Everyone else has said they’re willing to watch how well you pick up on subjects and adapt to the situation as we go.”  Then he grinned again and said, “And we’re all going to be there to observe how you fit in at the gym.”  He pushed some papers across the desk and said, “You can call me Frank.  These are your class schedules.  Take them over to the supply section.  Steven will issue you a tablet and get your account set up so you can download your books and reference materials.  You will also get a campus email address.  The entire LAN is locked down for security reasons, but you will learn more about that when you get to your briefing with security.  After your security briefing, they will release you for the day, that’s typical, and you start classes tomorrow.  You however, will report back here to me once you’re done with security and before you report in at the gym, understand?”  I did understand and decided I was going to like Frank.  I simply said, “I do, and thank you Frank.”  He replied, “No problem, do you have any concerns so far?”  I thought about it and said, “Not really, though the cafeteria might get a little awkward.  It seems the rumor mill has me as a hot topic at the moment.”  Frank sighed, then said, “I hadn’t thought about that.  I tell you what, I’ll clear it so that you’re allowed to use the faculty cafeteria as well.  That will give you the option of deciding on your own where you can best fit in for meal times.”  I thanked him, and he dismissed me to carry out my assigned duties.
My first stop was fun.  I walked down the hallway to the office marked administration.  The door was wide open and a man who was a perfect stereotype of a nerd was in front of a tall table, setup so he could type on a keyboard while standing up.  He finished what he was working on and looked up.  “May I help you?” He asked.  I told him who I was and why I was there and he warmed up.  He said, “Hi John, I’ve been expecting you.  I wasn’t sure what day you would show up, but I took the liberty of finding out what your schedule was, and I’ve already loaded up the books you require.  I also loaded up all of the books you will ever need for Ms. Davis’ classes instead of what you needed to start her class with.  You might want to stay ahead of her if possible.”  I must have looked confused, because he said, “Ms. Davis will be your fight instructor.”  I smiled and said, “Thank you, that’s very helpful and I would be glad to learn any insights you care to share with me for my studies here.  I didn’t see a name on the door, what should I call you?”  He looked caught off guard, like he wasn’t expecting that.  He replied, “I’m Steven Geord, but I prefer to be called Steve.  Let me know if you have any questions about what we have available, how to navigate our local LAN, or anything else involving technology.  I teach a few technology courses, but only one is mandatory, I end up with so much spare time I take care of administration as well.  We normally have a lot of paperwork to fill out, but from what I understand, because of your age, you’re exempt from most of it.  My only question is, do you have someone we should contact in an emergency?”  I pondered that for a moment, and couldn’t come up with anyone.  “No, I said, no one.”  Steve checked off a box in his mind somewhere, and said, “Well, all right, in that case I just need you to sign this form accepting the tablet, it’s yours to keep.”  I signed the form where Steve indicated.  I asked, “Can you point me to Security?”  I saw Steve give a genuine from the heart smile as he said, “That’s Gwyn, take a left out my door, take the first hall to the left and her office is on the left.  She’s awesome, she understands technology and how it fits into security.”  I thanked Steve and walked down the hall to meet Gwyn.
I knocked on the closed door and heard a woman’s voice say, “Come in.”  I smiled as a reached for the doorknob.  I recognized that voice from last night.  I stepped in and said, “Good morning Mam.”  The lady who had met me in the lobby smiled up from her desk and motioned to a chair by the desk as she said, “Have a seat John.  I have a few simple rules to go over with you.  My job is to keep the Centennial safe.  Nothing personal, but trouble seems to follow you.  I have a full report from our enforcers in the field.  Do you have any concerns about anything that happened up until your arrival last night?”  I hesitated for a moment, and she caught that.  She waited, and then smiled.  She said, “You’re cautious, I like that.  Let me make a call, just sit tight.”  She picked up her phone and dialed a number, in just a few seconds she spoke into the phone, “Hey old man, this is Gwyn.  No, no problems, but if you’re OK with it, could you tell him it’s OK to debrief me about any concerns he may have of the circumstance that brought him here?  Here he is.”  With that she handed me the phone.  I said, “This is John.”  I heard laughter, and smiled as I recognized it.  “Boy,” Jeremiah said, “You just got there and security is already calling me about you?  Listen, everything I told you still applies.  You can feel comfortable telling Gwyn everything about our conflicts and the attempts on your life that you wish to.  Make your own call, but Gwyn is one of the people I miss.  Do you understand John?”  I knew exactly what he meant.  Tell her anything about the bad guys, and nothing about my abilities.  I said, “Yes sir, and thank you for clearing that up for me.”  The cowboy replied, “Look out for yourself John, be respectful and don’t make waves.”  I knew what he was looking for as I said, “I’m going to fit in here Jeremiah.  I know the other students have a head start on me, but I’ll try hard to catch up.  I’ve been practicing scanning and maintaining situational awareness.  I’m sure I’ll be good at it by the time I see you again.”  Jeremiah laughed again and said, “You’re going to do fine, now hand the phone back to Gwyn.”  I did as I was told and heard Gwyn say, “Why thank you Jeremiah, it was a pleasure to talk with you as well.”  She hung up and I said, “Sorry mam, but I wasn’t sure what I was allowed to talk about.  I only have one concern.  The last team that came after me, they came from here.”  She looked troubled, but she said, “John, only one started training as an enforcer, the other two never showed skills that made them eligible for training here.  George, the one that studied here, washed out.  He wouldn’t conform to the basic requirements, so we sent him away after making sure he understood what was and wasn’t allowed for him.  He had a shot at being one of us, but he never became one of us.”  She became more confident as she said, “Here on the campus, I run security.  I prefer being nice, but when it comes to the safety of the students and the Centennial, there is nothing I won’t do.  Have faith in me John, I won’t let you down.”  I saw she was looking for my trust, and within reason, she had it.  I told her, “Thank you Gwyn.  That does explain the last team.  I can also say, this is the most secure I’ve felt since I became, well, one of you.  I can tell you that I intend to do everything I can to be an enforcer, and I understand it’s important to follow all of the security guidelines.”  Gwyn nodded and said, “I just heard all the right words John.  I need you to read these tonight, think about it tomorrow, and then write a short paper about what our security rules mean to you.  The papers due by the end of day after tomorrow.”  I heard her say rules, and I knew she heard me say guidelines.  I decided to keep that in mind when I wrote that paper.  I said, “Yes mam.  If that will be all, I’m supposed to report back to Frank when I’m done here.”  She had a funny look on her face as she dismissed me.  I left her office and returned to Frank’s office.
“John, did everything go well for you?  Do you have any questions?”  I told him no, and asked if I should go ahead and report to the gym.  Frank said, “Not quite yet.  You need to report to the gym in fifteen minutes, and not a minute earlier.  I have a few phone calls to make and then I need time to get there first.  Win or lose, I expect this to be interesting.  Take a walk, whatever you need to do to eat up fifteen minutes.”  With that he sent me out the office even as he was picking up the phone to make a call.  I left, just a little nervous.  Dianne must be very good for him to say win or lose.  On the other hand, he expected a good fight.  I started re-evaluating my plans to make her kiss the mat.  I think squeaking by with barely winning would be more than adequate.  I decided to go in completely ramped up so I could be completely in charge of the fight.  Maybe even allow a few light blows to land on me.  After all, a cracked rib on me would heal up a lot faster than her crushed ego.  I walked the campus thinking of how to best walk off with a win that wouldn’t be a long-term loss.  My fifteen minutes went by fast and I had to jog to the gym to get there on time.
I walked into the gym and heard the background noise of a crowd.  As I stepped between two sets of bleachers a hush came over the gym.  I didn’t look around the gym, I just walked up to Dianne and said, “Ms. Davis, I’m ready to spar like you asked.”  I thought if I had said mam, it would just set her off again.  She looked at me and her eyes promised me doom as she said, “I’m so glad you made it.  Do you need to stretch out or warm up first?”  I shook my head no.  She shrugged and said, “OK, here’s how it works.  She beckoned to a man who was obviously part of the faculty, and he walked over to us.  No holds barred, do the best you can.  If at anytime Harry calls the match done, we back away from each other and the fight is over.  Do you understand?”  I looked her in the eyes and said, “I do”.  That’s when she did.  She let loose with a powerful roundhouse, intending to end the fight before it started.  After having met Kyle, I expected her to go for the first punch, and I had already decided to rely on Aikido as my martial arts style.  I slipped her round house and threw a punch slow enough to just give her time to counter it, which she did.  I stepped back for room to maneuver and to convince her I was unsure of myself.  She translated that as a sign of weakness and moved in to attack.  I blocked a front snap kick, blocked a reverse punch and then as she jabbed I trapped her hand and spun while twisting her wrist. By not releasing I was denying her the chance to roll with the throw and bounce back up.  She took the impact of her body weight plus the speed I threw her on her back.  The gym fell completely silent.  She handled it like the pro she was and executed several strikes while regaining her feet.  I simply stepped back out of reach.  She circled me and executed a series of complex combinations that I thought were awesome.  Unfortunately for her, she still wasn’t moving at my speed and I just blocked and slipped her strikes until I chose one to trap and throw again.  This time I let her fly just for the sake of it.  She flew about ten feet and executed a beautiful roll terminating into a fighting stance.  She was really good, and I could tell that I could learn a lot from her.  I could also tell I wasn’t going to fool her about my capabilities as a fighter.  I was surprised however, when she closed and whispered, “OK, quit goofing off.  Let’s see what you’ve really got.”  With that she ramped up to a speed matching my own.  She pressed the attack and at first it was all I could do to block, dance and get out of the way.  She paused and I had a moment to ramp up to the highest I had ever achieved.  I moved in and tossing aside Aikido dropped into Karate.  I threw a front snap kick just slow enough she could block it and then turned the kick into a roundhouse kick to her ribs faster than she could do anything about.  Caught off guard she was open to a follow up attack and so I hit her with a jab and then back fisted her in the head as I pulled my hand back, with enough authority I could see I had dazed her.  I backed off to give her room.  She was tough and began to circle me again, but now with respect.  That’s all I needed to see, and I wanted, no I needed her to maintain the respect of the students.  Also, I really wanted to learn from her, I was only winning because I was faster than her.  She was the better martial artist.  She came in with another incredible combination move, I blocked a kick, her first punch and then let the second punch slip past and hit me.  I didn’t have to fake the drop.  She hit like a sledgehammer.  As I was hitting the ground I heard Harold call the match.  Those seated in the bleachers broke into cheers and as I looked up I saw Dianne offering me a hand up.  I got to my feet with her assistance and she quietly said, “You’re good, very good.”  I replied, “Mam, I’m really fast.  If you will train me, I will become very good.”  She smiled and told me, “We will start training day after tomorrow.  Tomorrow, I want you to write me a paper outlining which arts you’re familiar with, and where you want to go with them.”  I was so excited I would have hugged her if I didn’t think it might cost me my teeth.  Instead I gave her a big smile as I said, “Thank you mam.  Thank you very much.”  She saw I meant it.  She nodded and said, “You have your assignment, now get out of here.  I have people to train.”  I bowed to her, which caught her off guard but she returned the bow, and I left the gym.

Nineteen

The following day I dropped off my paper to Dianne.  She didn’t take time to read it, as she had students to train.  Though she did smile and thank me for the paper, saying she looked forward to reading it.  I bumped into Frank once, and he took me aside to tell me how impressed the faculty had been with the way I had handled the fight with Dianne.  Not only the fighting ability I had shown, but also the way I had treated her after the fight.  I felt good about my decision to throw the fight.  Sometimes, it appeared you got better results by loosing a conflict than powering through to a win.  The situation in the cafeteria was still a little touch and go.  However the students now seemed more interested in my fighting prowess than if I had a girlfriend.  Which was a much safer subject, as far as I was concerned.  On one hand, it would have been much more comfortable dining with people closer to my own age.  On the other hand, these were the students I was going to be studying with until I was deemed ready for the next step.  I didn’t want to alienate my fellow students any more than what our age differences already did.  I realized I had better spend a lot more time with the other students before I made a decision about that.  I had lunch in the cafeteria and then returned to my quarters to read the security handout I had been given and then work on the security paper I owed Gwyn tomorrow.
I was already feeling at home in my quarters, and stretched out in a very comfortable chair, rather than sitting at the small desk.  I tapped on my tablet and checked my email, john.norville@centennialcampus.net.  I had one email, from Steve, the tech guy.  I opened it to find a list of links that I saw were going to be very helpful.  For each course I was in, there was a link showing how far along the class was in the text book, and what to read to be prepared for class discussion the next day.  Many of the pages these links went to also had useful comments from the instructors regarding the subject matter.  I made a few notes of what I needed to read for tomorrow, and thought about the classes I had.  At the moment I had four classes assigned to me.  The courses were History, Combat, Lore of Others and First Aid.  Lore of Others sounded like it could be intriguing, depending on who the others were.  I was considering that when another email popped up, from Dianne.  It was notifying me that I had been assigned to the gym for the free time I had.  She explained that as I had already had the core educational subjects from public schools, she brought up to the staff that my advanced combat skills would be very useful to help the other students advance.  I really liked that idea.  The more time I spent with her, the better I would become.  I read the security folder Gwyn had given me, typed up a paper and emailed it to her.  Security was simple, which was probably for the best.  Students were not allowed to remove the tablets from the campus.  No one could remove any device capable of storing data without allowing security to sanitize it.  Students were not allowed to leave the campus unless approved by the faculty.  When off campus, the Centennial was to be referred to as a private school, if it had to be mentioned at all.  The point was that as little of the school as possible would ever be known to outsiders.  Even our own people who did not attend the Centennial were not to be told anything about it.  Only students, Enforcers and above could discuss the school.  Lastly, any strangers should be reported to security at once.  It all made sense and was simple enough to remember.  I took a break for lunch.
Lunch was interesting.  The other students were still trying to figure out where I fit in.  As usual, I picked an empty table to sit at.  Unusual, was when a group of four teenaged boys got up from their table, brought their trays over and asked if they could sit at my table.  They looked like they had something on their minds, and of course I invited them to pull up some extra chairs and join me.  Two of them went back to their table to get their drink pitchers, while the other two went for extra chairs.  They took their seats and one of them said, “I’m Daniel, the other three are Sam, Bart and Theodore.”  The one named Theodore quickly added, Ted.”  To which the others seemed amused.  I said, “I’m glad to meet all of you, I’m John.”  Daniel hesitated, then tried it out as he said, “So, John, do you mind if we ask you a little bit about how you spar?”  I was relieved to have a subject brought up that I was comfortable with.  “No problem, fire away.”  Sam asked, “Do you always move that fast when you’re sparring?  Do you always hit hard?”  I paused for a sip of water and said, “It depends on why I’m sparring.  If I’m sparring to train someone else, I move at his speed.  If I’m training with someone who’s training me, I move at full speed unless asked not to.  As far as how hard I hit, that’s related to how hard I’m getting hit.  It’s sort of a mutual respect thing, is that about how you guys handle sparring?”  Ted jumped in and said, “Exactly!  Sparring is about learning, not beating each other to a pulp.”  The other three burst out laughing and then Daniel said, “We just learned Ted is going to be matched up with you in our sparring session tomorrow.  We just wanted to know if we were going to need a bag to carry him out or not.”  Bart finally spoke up, saying, “Yeah, but that’s because he’s the best in our class.”  The other two nodded their agreement and Ted seemed a little bolstered.  I turned to Ted and asked, “Did you train before you came to the Centennial?  If you did, what style?”  He told me how he had trained in Ju-Jitsu since he was just a boy, and made black belt, becoming a student instructor at the studio he practiced at.  I said, “That’s very impressive, and I’ve been wanting to learn Ju-Jitsu.  We’ll have to trade lessons, OK?”  Ted looked very happy with the idea and said, “That would be cool.”  I said, “I guess I will see you guys in gym tomorrow.  I have to get back to my studies so I’m ready for class tomorrow.”  They said their goodbyes as I gathered my tray and headed out of the cafeteria.
I was back in my chair, reading the material on my tablet to prepare for my classes.  It didn’t take long.  I only read what was required, spending more time thinking of how I was going to handle the classes.  I wanted to come across as studious, but not the person who got all the answers right.  I certainly didn’t want to know the entire subject the same day I showed up to class.  I remained aware that I needed to keep my abilities to myself until I figured out who could be trusted.  I made an exception of History, of which I read the entire volume.  It was the history of our people, and I needed to know that so I could look for any clues about what I was, or at least where I might fit in.  I saw only a small mention of something I hadn’t heard of before.  I was going to have to find the library,
I made a short trip to the cafeteria to replenish what I had burned up reading the history volume, then asked a student about the library.  He looked a little surprised, and told me, “The library is the second building behind this one.  Hey, but just so you know, you can pass everything by just reading the assignments on your tablet.”  I replied, “Thanks, I appreciate the heads up.”  I left the cafeteria and went straight to the library.
The library was interesting in that there was no real technology available.  In fact, there were little lockers where you were instructed to leave all electronic devices.  I would ask about that when I got a chance, but for now I simply complied.  There were two ways to find a book.  I guess three if you counted just wandering around and hoping to find it.  You could ask a librarian, or you could use the card catalog.  I wanted to keep my private business private, so I went over the card catalog.  I recognized one when I saw it.  I had just never needed to use one before.  Every public library I had visited provided a computerized database to help you find the book you wanted.  I felt relieved when I saw the instructions posted on the side of the card catalog.  I started searching.  After several books that did nothing to shed light on my search, I stopped to review what I was looking for and where it might show up.  What I wanted was fairly straightforward.  I was searching for any evidence of someone who was called something other than enforcer or counsel who held some type of official office.  I parsed that through my head, then added, or held a title.  If I could find anyone like that, I would have a better idea of what I was looking for and how to find more information.  With that in mind, I began searching for a book that contained the history of everyone who contributed to the leadership of our people.  It took another hour, but I found it.  The book was called The List of Servants.  I almost missed it.  I was looking for leaders, not servants.  I went several note cards past it before it dawned on me.  Great leaders are sometimes referred to as servants of their people, or country.  I went back to the card and got the location for the book.  I walked through the aisles until I found the one I needed, and started searching for the shelf.  I found my prize after several minutes, looking like it hadn’t been retrieved in a while.  It wasn’t an ancient looking book.  I opened the cover and noticed it was but one of many editions.  This explained why this one didn’t look very old.  Looking at the versions it appeared that newer information was normally appended every ten years.  I took the book back to the table and flipped it open to the first page, then started scanning the pages looking for any title or office that was not typical.  Only 27 pages into the book I spotted a different title and focused on it.  Gerald Haxenberg, Advocate.  I stopped and looked at the title, Advocate.  I took note of it, but didn’t think it was what I was looking for.  I went through the rest of the book, and saw nothing else.  I closed the book and considered the results.  Either I hadn’t found what I was looking for, or I was going to need to learn more about the Advocate, Gerald Haxenberg.  I got up and returned the book to where I had removed it.  I was walking back to the card catalog considering how I wanted to proceed when a small lady intercepted me.  An angry small lady who told me, “Never re-shelve a book.  More books get misplaced that way than any other. People think close enough is good enough, but it isn’t.  We have to close the library four times a year to verify every book and document, retrieve those not in their proper place and return them where they belong.”  I looked properly chastised, which was easy because I was.  I said, “I’m very sorry mam, this is my first time in your library and I thought I was helping by putting the book back.  What should I do with them in the future?  She pointed to a cart by a desk and said, “Place it on the cart.  A librarian will return it to its proper place.”  I assured her I would do so in the future and then asked her what I really wanted to know.  “You mentioned documents.  What kinds of documents, and where do I find them?”  She seemed pleased that I was interested.  She said, “We keep the documents downstairs in a climate-controlled area.  There is a card catalog in there so you can locate what you need.  However,” and at that point she looked at me sternly, “we don’t let just anyone in there.  You have to be trained on handling the documents.  Oh, and documents are any written paper that isn’t hard bound.”  There was only one thing left to ask.  “Mam, how do I get set up to take the course?”  Armed with the knowledge that any faculty member could approve me to take the required Document Handling course, and convinced that the key to what I was looking for was somewhere among the multitude of documents I imagined must be downstairs in the library.  The problem would be, who on the faculty would be the safest to approach?  I had the feeling too many people were already trying to decide how to use me to their best advantage.  I needed to wait until I got to know the faculty better.  I went back to my room and considered how I could get the most information with the least exposure.  I needed to know all of the players and understand them as quickly as possible.
I retrieved my tablet from the locker, and walked back over to the cafeteria.  I wanted to sit and think, but I wasn’t in the mood to be alone in my quarters.  I grabbed a tray and as I approached the line, I saw the oatmeal raisin cookies.  I hadn’t eaten cookies since before I was collecting overalls.  I didn’t feel like it would be a problem to eat them.  In fact, I really wanted them.  Besides, if they could hurt me, they wouldn’t be in the cafeteria.  Feeling silly but willing to deal with it, I walked over to the cookies and grabbed six of them.  Then I went to the beverage dispenser and got a glass of milk.  Looking around for the student watching the drinks, got his attention, pointed at the pitchers and shook my head no.  He gave me a thumb’s up.  I didn’t know if that meant he understood I didn’t want a pitcher of milk or that he would bring me one as soon as I was seated.  Hey, I tried.  I had a seat, dipped my cookie in the milk, and started eating it.  Who was safe to approach here at the school?  I needed to find out a lot more about me, before I could decide what to tell them.  I noticed a group of teenagers seated several tables away from me.  I thought it must be nice to be in their shoes.  They didn’t have to trust anyone else who has ties throughout the years to political factions.  They were fresh and taking on the world in their own terms.  These were people who were loyal to their friends rather than some concept of political agenda or advancement.  I thought about that for a while, and then turned back to my own problems.  The faculty.

Twenty

My first three classes went by with nothing really gained, except that I was surprised to find that the students accepted me as one of their own.  Probably because Mr. Dentz, the History of Our People instructor, asked me at the beginning of class if Frank had told me if I would be assigned the same extra duty assignments the other students did.  I told him I was just another student and expected to be treated the same.  Mr. Dentz rolled his eyes and said, “Fine, you have cafeteria duty from five this evening until ten.”  With that, I was in.  I was just one of the guys.  Well almost.  I still got the looks letting me know I was ancient for a student.  I was OK with that.  It was a fair trade off for being a part of their private world.  I still wasn’t sure why that was so important to me, but it felt right.  It got awkward in gym.  Dianne came up and introduced me to the rest of the class as a sparring instructor.  “Mr. Norville has an advanced understanding of both Karate and Aikido.  We will be taking advantage of that knowledge by learning the strengths and weaknesses of both styles.  We begin with Aikido, and we shall observe Mr. Norville sparring with Ted.”  She turned to me and said, “Match your speed to Ted’s.  Remain on defense, which means don’t follow up on any throw or lock, just step back and allow him to recover.”  She pointed at Ted, “On the mat young man, let’s learn about Aikido.”  Ted joined me on the mat and took up fighting positions.  I nodded and Ted attacked.  Ted was in his element, and I was kept busy defending myself.  I slipped punches and blocked kicks until I was able to apply a wristlock and throw him.  He landed flat on his back as I stepped back.  He quickly rolled and regained his feet.  He wasted no time in pressing the attack.  Again I was kept busy blocking and slipping his assault until an opportunity arose for a wristlock.  I went for it and realized he had set me up, reversing the lock and then going for a takedown.  I rolled with the takedown and was able use the leverage to throw him again.  I got to my feet not even a second before he did and was again pressed hard under his attack.  I did not wait for a wristlock opportunity but moved inside a punch pushed in with my hip as I grabbed his shoulder and threw him to the ground leaping back to avoid a leg sweep he attempted.  He was going to wear me down at this rate, and I realized I had better become serious about pumping iron and something like jump roping.  He launched another attack but this time I grasped the hand of the first punch he threw and twisted down and then as I turned pulled his hand over his head as he was forced past me ending up with him being sent airborne and feet first.  He landed feet first then executed a beautiful roll and rose up into a fighting stance.  He would have pressed the attack again but Dianne called an end to the match.  She looked pleased as she said, “That’s enough.  I want all of the students to work in pairs.  When you’re not sparring, compare notes on this match.  What were the strengths of Aikido, the weaknesses?  You need to be able to understand as many types of fighting as possible.  No one can master all of them, but it’s enough to master one or two and then know the strengths and weaknesses of the others.  If you understand that, you can defeat your opponent.”  She sent them to their studies and beckoned me to join her in her office.  She sat down at her desk and said, “You must be better if you want everyone to believe you are just one of us, and that does seem to be your game.  You can’t fight me, throw the fight, and expect me not to know.  You can beat me, but you can’t make me a fool.”  I was caught off guard, and had no idea what to say.  She held a hand up and said, “Look, I’m not going to expose you, your secret is safe with me.  You have a problem though, with no one to trust, you have no one to help.  Let me tell you what I know.”  She told me of the differences between our people, enforcers and the governors.  How the enforcers were so much more powerful then the rest of our people, and made up about ten percent of our people.  Those called the governors were one percent of our people, and more powerful then the enforcers.  She spoke of how the enforcers protected our people from enemies both within and without.  Then she began telling me of things I had only begun to suspect.  She paused, and then said, “Most of us believe that’s all there is to it, the people, the enforcers and the governors.  However, my love is of the fight.  I study fighting styles, of course, and I also study the history of combat.  I found some references about two who stood out as well beyond even someone of the governors.  Only two, throughout history, at least that I could find.  The chaplains kept records before anyone else of our people, and it is there I found reference to these two men.  The chaplains called them Advocates, and they had powers that were unlike anything possessed even by the governors.  They were faster, stronger, there sensory perceptions more keen, and, they were smarter.  They could learn things very quickly.  The chaplains wrote that they believed the advocates were sent only when the people needed to be protected from destruction.”  She looked at me and said, “Every time an advocate has appeared, we have lost many of our people to uprisings from the others.  The first time, almost of the governors were lost, and more than half of the enforcers.  I think you’re an advocate.  I’ve fought governors, I’ve trained governors, and you’re beyond them.  If you’re an advocate, then if what the chaplains believe is true, we’re in for some serious trouble.  I hope I’m wrong.”  She looked at a painting of two armies clashing and said, “If I’m right, you need all the support you can get.  So we will keep on pretending as long as you need, but when you’re ready, or in times of need,” She looked from the picture then back to me and said, “I will stand with you.”  I was relieved.  She knew, and so now it was not a matter of who I would confide in, could I trust her?  I decided right there, that I would trust her.  I needed to trust someone.  I focused on her and said, “No one else knows.  I think it should stay that way as long as possible, or until we identify a threat and decide how to deal with it.  Dianne, I don’t know anything about our people, the enforcers or the governors.  I need to learn fast, so I can figure out how to deal with them.  It’s good to know I’m not alone.”  Then I asked, “Dianne, did the advocates always fight alone?”  Dianne looked away, like she was trying to decide how to best answer a tough question.  When she looked back at me, I saw resigned honesty in her eyes.  She told me, “No, whatever enforcers and governors remained, fought for the advocate with everything they had.”  I asked her, “Remained from what?”  She said, “From the uprising.  Every time it became clear that someone who was stronger than the governors existed, some of the governors, and some of the enforcers, tried to defeat the advocate, not willing to lose any of their status or political power.  Throughout history, every Great War has come about causing great political change.  No matter who rises against you, I will fight by your side.  Even if you do not, I know what you are.”  I thought for a moment, trying to decide what to do, and then realized I had the counsel of someone who did understand the political workings of our people.  I asked, “I need to know more before anyone finds out what I am.  Can you get me in to the documents area, and show me these documents?  After that, can you help me get my hands on the best books written about fighting and fighting styles?”  She looked relieved and said, “The documents, no problem.  The books, I own copies of them, of course.”  It was my turn to be relieved, and I said, “Good, let me know the quickest we can get into the documents area without raising suspicion of what I’m up to.  As for the books, if you could arrange them in the order you feel would be most important for me to know, I would like to get two each day from you.”  She looked shocked and said, “You will need much more than a day to study even one of these books enough to get anything out of it.”  I shook my head and said, “It only took a part of a day for me to read and completely understand both Aikido and Karate.  A few months ago, all I knew about karate is what I saw in the movies.  I knew even less about aikido.”  She was stunned.  She said, “I will give you the books in order, and as many, as often as you ask.  On some of the books, if you have time, I would like your opinion on a few topics.”  I nodded and said, “I would like that very much.  So, what do we do now?”  She said, “I will go out and dismiss the class.  While I’m waiting for the next period’s students, I will go get your first two books.  Do you want to read them here?”  “No,” I said.  “I will wait until I can get to the cafeteria.  I need to eat and drink when I read like I’m getting ready to do.”   She nodded and said, “You have to speed up your metabolism.  That makes sense.  Look, make sure you do this in the student’s cafeteria.  I know Frank gave you permission to use the faculty cafeteria, but people will catch on too fast to what you’re doing.  In the student cafeteria, most people will just assume you’re doing extra work for me.  In fact, if asked, tell them I’ve assigned you a bunch of three page writing assignments on books from my library.  I’m already known for doing that.  When a student makes it evident that he believes fighting is just about hitting and kicking, and trust me, it’s always a he, I lecture him and have him study until he sees the truth.”  If I didn’t, and they went out to face the world as an enforcer, they would never survive it.”  She got up and said, “Wait here, I’ll be right back.”  She walked out, dismissed the students, and walked over to a large bookcase.  I saw some of the students notice that, and one pointed to the office I sat in, and laughed.  Dianne returned with two books and said, “I know I have you assigned to the gym the rest of the day.  I want you to spend the rest of the day at the cafeteria reading.  If you can go through two books a day, that’s where your time is best invested.  The more a warrior knows about his trade, the more likely he is to be victorious.”  I followed her out of the office as the students for the next class were just settling down.  I heard her murmur, “This will be fun.”  As I was trying to figure out what was going to be fun she spun and yelled like an army drill instructor at me, “If all you know is hitting and kicking, you’re dead meat!  Take these two books and use them to put together a three page report on what fighting is really about.”  With that, she shoved the books at me and yelled, “Get out of here!”  I grabbed the books and fled.

Twenty One
I sat in the cafeteria, munching on my meal as I read.  When I got low on food, I got up and filled another plateful.  The other students were too busy in their own worlds to notice how fast I read or how much I ate.  I read through Ju Jitsu and had it locked away, then I turned to book about guerilla warfare.  This book took me places I had never considered, and I thought, likely to be circumstances I could quickly find myself in.  I learned a new way to think, in a manner to solve a situation where I was outnumbered.  As I read, I realized conventional warfare was foolish unless you had an obvious advantage and your opponent was foolish enough to engage in it.  I finished my two books, went back to my room, and wrote the reports I was obligated to write.  The days following were largely more of the same.  I read the books Dianne felt would best prepare me, sparred in gym, and tried to be patient as I waited to get into the documents room.  I needed to learn everything I could about advocates.  I was starting to get a little anxious about getting access to the documents room when Dianne without warning got very angry and tore into me over my last book report at the beginning of my first gym period.  I must have looked shocked from the expressions on the other student faces.  This was easy to pull off, because I was shocked.  You could have nocked me over with a feather.  I had become used to the daily routine of sparring, discussing, and being handed two new books to read.  Perhaps that was her intent, good theatre, but she looked suspiciously to me like she enjoyed it.  After about ten minutes of chewing into me, she announced that since the books seemed to be falling short of keeping me focused, she would be taking me to the library and introduce me to the documents room, where I could spend more of my free time researching hand to hand combat until I showed a proper appreciation and frame of mind.  I was to meet her at the library after dinner.  She then informed me that six o’clock this evening would be after dinner.  Still a little shocked, I simply nodded to show I understood.  Once the shock wore off, I was excited.  Finally, I would get the chance I had been waiting for, to access the documents room.  It was during my last gym period, while I was sparring, that the alarm went off.  Dianne stopped the match as soon as it sounded.  She made a phone call, which only took a few seconds, and then she shouted, “Everyone stay in the gym.  There’s been a fire and all students will be reporting to the gym for a head count.”  She called me over as the students in the gym began to discuss where the fire might have been, and how it would impact their training.  I walked over to Dianne, and she quietly told me, “The fire broke out at the library, in the document room.  They said arson, along with murder. The documents, the books, everything has been lost.  The built in fire alarm and sprinklers were disabled.  I’m not sure if there are copies made and stored elsewhere, I will see what I can find out.”  I was shocked for the second time today, this time with no pleasant ending.  I wasn’t sure what my next step was going to be, someone had just destroyed the path I was going to embark upon.  She took a phone call and I wandered back to where the rest of the students who had already started arriving were congregating.  They had been outside, perhaps they had seen or heard more than I knew at this point.  I eavesdropped on every conversation I could find.
It took less than thirty minutes for all of the students to arrive at the gym, a head count taken, and the determination that all students could be accounted for made.  That accomplished, we were dismissed for the day.  I went to my room to think about what I could do to recover from the loss of the documents I never got to see.  I was convinced I was what I had seen described as an advocate, but only because someone who should know ruled out my being a governor.  Tish was in training to be a governor, and from what I had seen, her skills didn’t match mine.  Perhaps more importantly, she said none of the governors had skills that matched mine.  I had skills beyond any group I knew of, except the advocates.  I just wish I knew what advocates were supposed to do.  What little I had read, combined with what Dianne had implied, didn’t sound good.  I already knew I didn’t want to spend my life being the monster let out of its cage just to kill others.  I wanted to be someone who had friends, maybe a family in the future.  I wanted to be someone people enjoyed hanging out with.  The little bit I had learned of an advocate, an advocate wasn’t that kind of person.  Dianne said every advocate had ended up killing a lot of the governors.  There was no mention of who instigated the bloodletting between the advocate and the governors, but it was obviously a wholesale slaughter.  Maybe it didn’t have to be that way.  Maybe it was a matter of trying harder to co-exist.  I would certainly take that route if offered.  Why did the advocate have to take over anyway?  I didn’t want to be in charge, just left alone.  I spent a few hours contemplating what I knew, and thinking that there didn’t appear to be any rules or obligations that required me to do anything just because I was an advocate.  If there had been any rules, it appeared they were gone now anyway.  I decided I would make my own rules, and that if I were the advocate, I wouldn’t have to worry about other people forcing me to adopt their rules.  I was still spinning that around my mind as I got up to leave.  It was dinnertime and I was ready for a good meal.
I was surprised to run into Dianne as I walked across the campus.  I said hello, and she told me she was making rounds along with several other faculty members.  Whoever had killed several staff in the library before setting the library on fire had still not been identified, and was possibly still roaming the Centennial.  Security had asked for volunteers to help beef up their presence over the next forty eight hours.  I realized I had taken security on the campus for granted and had fallen out of the practice of scanning my surroundings and maintaining situational awareness.  I slipped back into the habits the Cowboy had taught me, and continued to my destination.  The cafeteria was humming along, everyone seemed to be content to sit around and discuss the fire rather than get up and leave when the meal was finished.  I found a table back close to the exit that was empty.  I imagined most people avoided it because normally there would be a constant parade of dirty dishes and trays being dropped off at the service window on the way out of the cafeteria.  Today that wasn’t a problem.  No one seemed intent on a quick meal and leaving.  So I was quietly enjoying my meal, when a lot of my decisions were stripped away.  The front door slammed open so hard the hinges gave way and the door spun across the floor.  The following silence was if anything, more unsettling.  A tall, thin, blond haired man stood at the door, just smiling, without a care in the world.  He slowly gazed across the students, and I could already tell this was done for the drama.  A drama queen had just crashed our party.  His gaze slipped past me, I waited for it, and as I expected he snapped back to me as if he had just seen me.  I smiled and waived.  He said, “I am the facilitator, and I have come for you.”  He bowed to me and continued, “This time, we decided to kill the advocate before it had time to become a real threat.  I see you’re dining, let me join you.”  With that, he moved so fast I could only barely track it, snatched up a female student who only just began to throw a punch when the man opened his mouth full of fangs and ripped her throat out.  He gulped down some blood while the victims’ heart beat a few times before realizing it had died.  I ramped up to everything I was capable of and pushed for more.  He was beyond anything I had ever faced.  “Mmmm,” He said.  “Fast-food.  I know it’s wasteful, but it’s just so good.  Habit forming, to be honest.  At this point several of the students behind him got up, and while many ran for the door screaming, my heart dropped as I saw several students form up to attack.  I had no time for anything else, so I stood and reached into my pocket.  He smirked at me and began to spin around to deal with the students moving towards him.  I grasped three of my shurikens and threw them at his neck.  They made a popping sound as each left my fingers and he whipped his head around in time to see and duck the first one by enough that it missed his neck but shaved off his right ear.  He caught the other two in in one hand and threw them back at me with his other, I barley dodged the first one and the second opened up a cut across my bicep.  The students who were going to press the attack saw the speed we were moving at and realized they could do nothing but get help.  So they did.  The man licked his lips and said, “Boy, you smell mighty good.  Don’t think this is going to be fast for you though.  You just cut off my ear, and that’s going to take years to grow back properly.”  I looked at where his ear had been, and realized there was no blood, just some off color ooze slowly coming from the wound.  My head tilted a little as I tried to figure out what this blonde haired man looking thing was, and he saw my confusion.  He laughed, saying, “You stupid dog, you don’t even know what I am.”  I attacked, moving across the cafeteria at full speed, snatching a table and hitting him with it, following up with a front roundhouse kick.  I caught him off guard with the table, and perhaps the speed I had moved with.  However, he easily countered the kick and threw a vicious, old-fashioned haymaker at my head.  He was so fast, that if he had just thrown a quick jab I wouldn’t have been able to react.  A haymaker, however, is telegraphed far in advance to anyone trained in martial arts.  I had time to apply a wrist-lock and I threw him as hard as I could.  He sailed several yards and crashed into a wall, knocking a hole into it with the impact of his body.  He got up, brushed off the bits of wallboard from him, and stopped to consider me.  “Impressive,” He said.  “But not enough to save your life.  The other times in history, the advocate was brought into the world before the facilitator.  This time, you were born too late.  I’ve had several years to come into full power.  This time, the vampires will shift the balance of power, and then we will wipe out your entire race.”  OK, I thought, no big deal.  I had already figured he was probably a vampire.  I said, “Don’t be a moron, the whole blood drinking thing you just did was a dead give away.  Of course I know you’re a vampire.  What I don’t know is what you’re supposed to facilitate.”  He snarled, “Your death,” as he launched into another attack.  I blocked the first two punches, but never saw the third one.  I felt my jaw break as I was knocked over a table and rolled to my feet.  “That felt good little dog.  I like how bones feel when I break them.  How about you?  Was it good for you too?”  My jaw had almost healed.  Close enough I was willing to see how well I could talk.  I said, “Honestly, it didn’t do much for me.”  I saw Dianne enter the cafeteria as I finished with, “So far, if this is full power, I see why you guys keep losing.”  Dianne was bringing her cell phone up to her ear as the vampire leaped forward into another attack.  I met him with an attack of my own and instead of attempting to defend ourselves we both just punished each other.  I threw several punches to his head as he countered with a jab to my head followed up by a rib cracking punch to my ribs.  I went on the defensive and blocked the next punch to my ribs and then countered a punch to my head by pure instinct.  We circled each other while it sunk in that I was in serious trouble.  He was faster and stronger than me.  The only reason I had lasted this long was because he relied on being faster and stronger.  He didn’t appear to have any real martial arts training.  I decided I was going to have to go back on the offensive and depend on my skills to even out what could easily end up a lopsided fight.  I launched into a series of fast punching combinations and then broke the cycle with a stomp to his instep, breaking his foot.  This put him off balance and I tried to exploit that by moving in with several punches when he just grabbed me and threw me across the room.  I got back up, a little slower than I would have liked, but I got back up.  “Bad dog,” he said as he limped towards me.  “I think it’s time to put you down.  It’s going to take a while though, because I want to watch the pain in your eyes change to despair, and then I will see how long I can make you last before you die.”  It was bad, really bad.  I managed to block his first few punches, but then I just couldn’t keep up.  I started getting groggy from the punches to my head when suddenly he kicked me hard in my right knee.  I heard the snap, followed up by a flare of incredible pain as bone broke through my skin and I toppled over.  I was reaching for a table leg, thinking I was going to try and throw it at him, when he stomped down hard on my left knee and shattered it. He looked at me and said, “I don’t see the despair yet.  I think perhaps we should see how many more bones I can break.  You don’t mind if I slow down and enjoy this, do you?  I think it will be fun to break your ribs one at a time, until you can’t breathe.  Then I can just sit back and watch you die.”  He kicked me in the ribs, breaking just one, as he had promised.  I could see it in his eyes, I was going to die and there was nothing that could be done about it.  If he could defeat me, the advocate, he could defeat anyone.  He kicked me again, and this time it cost me my right arm as I blocked his kick only to have my arm broken.  It hurt to move, it hurt to breathe.  I saw him draw back to kick me again and there was this blur, a flash of metal, and his head rolled across the floor.  I looked up to see Tish, as she snarled, “That’s my man you were hurting!”  I was hurting but I had never felt so good in my whole life.  I was her man.  Once I could walk, I was going to hug her.  Thinking about what I had just seen her do, I decided I would hug her in a very slow, no sudden movement kind of way.  I liked my head attached to my neck, thank you very much.
Tish said, “Dianne, bring John as much meat as you can pile onto a tray.  He needs to heal fast.”  Dianne did as she was asked, while I just stared at Tish.  Through the pain I asked, “You were faster than me this whole time?  Are you the advocate?  What am I, one of the governors?”  She leaned over and patted me on the cheek as Dianne arrived with a tray of food.  I could feel the strain of my bones healing, coupled with effects of the fight.  I reached for the food as I heard her say, “You idiot.  Who said there could only be one advocate?  I’m just a few years ahead of you. “I looked up at her, confusion written across my face.  How was I supposed to know there could be more than one advocate at the same time?  I still wasn’t sure exactly what an advocate was.  She winked at me and said, “I’m sorry John, but I couldn’t let you in on what I am, I took a chance by telling Dianne to let you know what you are.  Only one person of the governors knows about me.  Dianne is the only Enforcer who knows.  The governor arranged to have me sent down to your town to keep an eye on you in case you became what we expected.  Following your bloodlines, we thought it very likely you would become an advocate.  Plus it gave me a chance to continue growing without worrying that any of the other governors would get tipped off.”  She grimaced and said, “That’s over now.  All of the governors will know what we are before the night is over.  Our secret is out, and we will have to decide together how we’re going to handle it.  So, are you done being lazy and lying around on the floor?”  I was a little tender in a few spots, but for the most part I was healed.  I got to my feet and said, “Hey, thanks for the assist.”  Tish laughed and said, “Assist!  I saved your ass, and you know it.”  I protested, “I had him right where I wanted him, I merely looked like I was too broke to move to give him a dose of over confidence.  You chopped his head off just before I was going to reach up and tear his head off with my bare hands.”  She smirked as she said, “You’re my hero.  Please sir, protect me from all the bad things.  You need more food before we leave the area?”  I had no idea what was coming next or how fast it would get here, so I said yes.  We grabbed trays, filled them up and sat down to eat a quick meal.  “Get it down quick hero, we need to move.”  We bolted our food down, drank as much water as we needed, and were up and moving in under two minutes.  It wasn’t for polite company, but considering our surroundings it was acceptable.  She exited ahead of me, telling me over her shoulder, “We’re going back to my quarters.  Is there anything at your place that you can’t just abandon?”  I didn’t even hesitate, “Nope”, I said.  We threaded our way through the campus and avoided most of the people still reacting to what had just happened in the student cafeteria.  In just a few minutes we arrived at what could best be described as a large, two bedroom apartment.  She locked the door, made a quick phone call to Dianne, and then said to me, “We need to talk.”

Twenty Two

We sat down on a large, comfortable couch, and Tish began to give me a quick rundown of what a Governor was, what history told us about Advocates, and the dangers we would be facing very shortly.  Tish told me, “First of all, from what I’ve experienced so far, our capabilities are far beyond a Governor.  Those who are Governors are usually gifted in one area or another beyond what any Enforcer could hope to reach.  Sometimes, someone is invited to become a Governor if enough of them feel that person has a special mental acuity that is felt will benefit our people as a whole.  Advocates, on the other hand, tend to be something like a super Enforcer.  All of our abilities are off the charts.”  I thought about that and said, “I really misunderstood what the Governors are.  I thought they were more like what an advocate is.  That explains why in history, there have been bloodbaths when things didn’t go smoothly between an Advocate and the Governors.”  She nodded and said, “Exactly, and that’s why it’s so important we present ourselves in a non-threatening way to the Governors.  We must avoid that type of bloodshed or we will put ourselves at great disadvantage.  You see, the equivalent to an Advocate comes into power at roughly the same time among all of the other factions.  There are two of us, so most likely there will be two in each of the other factions.  That’s why we have to keep on guard.  The odds are, there is another vampire Facilitator out there.”  I groaned, “I’m really hoping we have some more training time before we have to face down the next vampire.  I would like to feel like I was holding my own, instead of being bait.  Oh, and I want a sword.  I liked the head chopping action you pulled off.  I need a sword, and some time with you learning to use it.”  She laughed and said, “Boys and their toys.  Don’t pout, we will get a sword for you, two in fact.  A bamboo practice sword and a real sword.”  I was satisfied with that.  I asked, “What about the Governors?  You have a plan on dealing with them?”  She nodded and replied, “I do, but it depends on if you’re in or not.  We will have to stick together for any of this to work, or there will be a great deal of blood shed.
The Governors need to understand we’re beyond their control, but that we feel strongly that all of us would benefit by working together.  In order to facilitate that, we would want to have the same benefits our people give the Governors, and be placed in charge of a hand picked group of forty Enforcers.  That’s less than a fifth of the Enforcers they have.  We would keep them updated on our progress in taking down the other Facilitator, the two Wickeds, and the two Wardens.”  I interjected with a quick question.  “I suppose those are the Advocate equivalents for the witches and the huntsmen?”  She nodded her agreement and continued, “However, they would have no authority over us and until those five targets are accounted for, we need their complete support.  After that, we would consider any assignments they cared to offer us, but would no longer take independent action above what would be expected of a Governor.  We need the freedom to attack our enemies without interference, yet still assure the Governors we aren’t interested in taking over and ruling our people.  How does that sound to you?”  I really didn’t have to think hard about that, it sounded like an excellent plan with an exit strategy so I could have a life after our fight had been won.  I told her, “The plan is great.  I think that you should do the talking when we meet the Governors.  They know you and may take comfort in that.  Meanwhile, I will frown a lot and stay silent, let them worry about the alternative to the option you’re offering them.  They don’t know enough about me to decide what I would do and how dangerous I might be.  Does that sound OK to you?”  Tish was already dialing her phone as she said, “I was really hoping you would say something like that.  Let me set the wheels in motion and then we can make some more plans.”  She spoke on the phone, “Dianne?  He’s good with the plan.  Would you contact the Governors in residence and let them know that the Advocates are requesting a meeting with them to discuss how we may best be of service to our people?  Yes, and let them know we would like to meet with them at anytime before tomorrow night.”  She laughed, and said, “I will.”  She hung up the phone and smirked as she said, “Dianne said to let you know that you are a hero to the students, most of them just saw the beginning of the fight before they were able to escape the building.  Most of them don’t know about me.  Also, she said as your martial arts trainer, you need to give up the whole defeat your opponent by breaking your bones on their fists thing.  She says she just doesn’t see it working for you, and she knows it wasn’t a part of any fighting style she’s been training you on.”  I sighed and mumbled, “No respect.  No respect at all.”  Which Tish apparently found hilarious.
There was a knock at the door and we got up together to answer it.  Tish opened the door and Dianne was there, looking worried.  She turned to Tish and said, “It’s the governors.  The governors in residence want to meet with you both, right now.  Tish seemed unfazed.  She simply said, “Come along my advocate, let’s make our presence and intent known.”  I followed her out the door, wondering if there would be more fights this night.
I followed the ladies as they strode across campus into an area I hadn’t been yet.  These were larger, better appointed residences.  Some of them were townhomes while others were stand-alone residences.  There was a large building close to the center of this neighborhood, and it was there we proceeded to.  Two enforcers were at the entrance, one smiled at Dianne and both nodded respectfully to Tish.  I got open, curious stares as they opened the doors and allowed us to enter.  We walked down a corridor, then pushed through another set of double doors, arriving in a chamber designed to hold at most, a hundred people.  There were only thirty-seven men and women, all seated in a horseshoe arrangement.  Dianne stopped outside of the center, while I followed Tish into the middle.  Tish spoke to the assembly, “You have summoned us, what do you wish of us?”  An older woman, seated in the apex of the seating arrangement, spoke softly, but clearly.  “We have heard of what you have done, Tish, and also the young man with you.  No one could have done that, unless they were advocates.  Do you both claim to be advocates?”  Tish replied, “Sarah, we are both advocates.  As you know, we have destroyed a Facilitator.  We believe we still have one facilitator, two wickeds and two wardens that still need to be accounted for.”  A murmur broke out from the governors and a man’s voice rang out.  “And do the two of you intend to do this on your own?  Are you both so powerful?  What is to keep several of us from taking care of the problem ourselves?”  Tish seemed to consider this, and then said, “Let the six best fighters among you step into the center with us, and we will have a sparring match so you can see what abilities we have.”  The man laughed and said, “Six against two?  Do you really believe you could win?”  Tish shook her head and said, “Of course not.  We are advocates.  The six of you will fight him,” and she pointed to me.  “I give you my word I will not permit him to kill any of you during this match.”  It got very quiet as those gathered here processed what Tish had just said.  What she hadn’t said was just as important as what she did say.  She had made a point of promising they wouldn’t be killed during this match.  There was no promise that we wouldn’t ever kill a Governor.  The man who had spoken stood up, he was very big, and he jumped over a table and into the middle with us.  He smiled at me and whistled, immediately three more jumped in.  There were three large men and one woman in the center with us, all eyeing me over.  The man called out two more names, and another woman entered, followed by a man.  Tish moved off to the side and said, “John, anything goes, short of killing.  I nodded and got ready to fight.  Tish looked around and called out, “Sarah, the fight will start at your command.”  Sarah didn’t hesitate, she said, “Fight.”  
The Cowboy had said always hit first, so I did.  I moved into the man who had done the talking and hit him so hard I felt several ribs break, I followed with a kick to a woman who had moved fast enough to get in my way, turned the kick into a stomp that broke the mans’ instep then broke his elbow as I threw him at three of the others moving towards me.  I blocked a kick from the second woman, trapping her leg and breaking it while pushing her backwards.  I tried to slip a punch from another man but managed to only turn it into a glancing blow to my temple.  I stepped in towards him, kicked him in the groin, kneed him in the face then turned to block a kick coming at me from a third man.  I blocked his kick and struck the man I had already been fighting in the face with my elbow, I heard and felt a crunch as he dropped to the floor.  Shuffling forward I blocked a punch from the third man by punching him in the forearm and breaking his arm.  He gasped and grabbed his forearm with his good hand while I turned and faced a man and a woman rushing me.  I threw a rear roundhouse kick to the woman’s leg, breaking it while leaning into the man and throwing a punch that broke one of his ribs.  I shuffled forward and stomped on the man’s foot whose ribs I had just broken.  Then I gently reached up to his chest and gave a light push.  He really had no choice with his foot broken, and he fell down.  I stepped back so all of my opponents were in view, and bowed to them.  I turned my back to them and walked over to where Tish stood, taking back up position, just behind her.
The woman named Sarah spoke up, “So he’s the better fighter of the two of you?”  Tish laughed and said, “He wishes.”  Sarah looked surprised.  Then she looked around and said, “Does anyone here doubt that they are both advocates?”  No one spoke.  Sarah let the silence last for several seconds, and then she turned back to Trish.  She spoke directly to Tish as she said, “Historically, when advocates arrive on the scene, the result has been a great deal of bloodshed with our ranks and the enforcers as well.  We would like to avoid that, if possible.  However, we will not willingly step aside and give you complete rule of the people.  We do not doubt your capabilities, but question your experience in managing and caring for so many.  Tish bowed and said, “We do not wish for violence either.  Nor do we desire to rule over the people.  We feel our purpose is to defend our people, and to that end trying to rule our people would be counter productive.  We wish to be given assistance for the fights to come.  We wish to be treated as Governors, we will not be controlled or submit to the governors.  Once the Others have been destroyed, we will be willing to consider requests from the governors to address other problems they feel require our skills.  At no point do we intend to replace the governors.”  Sarah simply nodded and asked, “Is there anything else?”  Tish replied, “The assistance I spoke of, we will require forty enforcers and a small staff of our people that will report only to us.  We will need them until we have won the impending fights with the others.  After that, we will be open to discussion as to how the enforcers assigned to us will be returned to the ranks of the other enforcers or if some will be retained for special assignments we accept from the governors.”  Sarah stood up, and was much shorter than I had thought.  Still, her bearing left no doubt she was used to making decisions and having them carried out.  She spoke to us, “You are both dismissed for now.  We require time to discuss your requests.  We shall call for you sometime tomorrow.”  With that, two enforcers opened the two doors leading to the corridor.  As they led us out several medical people arrived with stretchers and equipment to deal with my sparring partners.  Dianne had followed us back out, and as we left the governors area she said, “I’m going back to your place Tish, we need to talk.”
Once back at Tish’s place, Dianne made it clear that under no circumstances would she be left out when we got our forty enforcers together.  She pointed out that her escorting us to the governors had made it impossible for the governors to trust her again anyway, as she obviously had already thrown in her support for us.  Tish agreed and told her once we got through tomorrow, we would discuss things in greater detail, and that she already had a job picked out for Dianne.  Dianne seemed mollified and her only remaining question was where she could sleep tonight, because we shouldn’t be separated for now.  Tish smiled and looked at me.  I knew what that meant.  I had to announce I would sleep on the couch.  Dianne would actually fit on the couch.  All of us knew that.  But Tish was having fun at my expense, because she knew I took pride in being a gentleman.  I looked over at Dianne and said, “Please, use the second bedroom.  I would feel better sleeping by the front door incase anyone tries anything stupid tonight anyway.”  Tish, grinning, said, “That’s so sweet.  You’re such a gentleman.”  Then she kissed me and said, “You really are my hero John.  Let me get you a pillow and a blanket for the night.”  Or, she said something like that.  I wasn’t really sure.  I hadn’t expected the kiss, but I liked it more than I would have thought I did.  I think I would have happily slept on the floor at that point.  I was her hero.
The promised pillow and blanket were brought forth, Tish reached over and messed my hair up, said goodnight, and we all went to sleep.  I didn’t dream of bad things for once.  I dreamed of, well, actually I think I’ll just keep that private.

Twenty Three

I think Dianne woke up first.  At least she’s the one I heard moving around.  I got up and took a quick shower, then got dressed.  I thought about it and decided I should have at least picked up my clothes and toiletries from my place.  I stepped out of the bathroom and Dianne said, “I’m going to use up all the hot water and then blame it on you.”  She closed the door, and did take her time in the shower.  I thought about it and recalled hearing the shower run in Tish’s room last night.  I was safe.  Dianne stepped out of the bathroom about the same time Tish walked into the living room.  She said, “If the two of you are through wasting time, let’s go get some breakfast.”  We headed over to the faculty cafeteria, wanting to give the governors wide birth until they called for a meeting. We entered the cafeteria and it fell silent for a few seconds, and then whispering broke out among the tables.  We got in line and filled our trays with breakfast, found a table and sat down.  “Feels just like when I was eating in the student cafeteria to me.  People talking, everyone gets quiet when I walk in, then starts to whisper about me.”  I raised an eyebrow in Dianne’s direction.  She laughed and said, “Get used to it.”  We ate and just before we got up, an older man walked up to the table.  He said, “I figured this would be where the three of you would be eating breakfast.  Anywhere else could have been interpreted as looking for trouble.”  He looked at Tish and said, “I know it’s a busy day, but I would like a minute of your time.”  Tish invited him to have a seat with us, and asked, “What’s on your mind?”  He said, “I’m Mark Dawkins, an enforcer.  I’m about to be retired from active duty, but I don’t want to miss out on this.  I heard you had asked for forty enforcers to be assigned to you.  I know I’m older than most of the people you’re looking for, but I can still fight, and I might be useful to you in reconnaissance work.  I look old enough most people would rule me out as being a part of your operations.  Anyway, thanks for your time, I just wanted to make sure I got a chance to be considered.”  As he got up to leave, I asked him, “Do you know a retired enforcer named Jeremiah?”  He laughed and said, “That old cowboy?  He isn’t fooling me with that retired garbage.  I know him well, and he’s found something interesting to be involved with, trust me.”  I didn’t hesitate, “Mark, would you be willing to go ahead and retire, then come to work for us?  The day you retire, you could come on board with us.  You’ve made a good point about your age being a great disguise.  Besides, your years of experience will be very valuable.”  He beamed at me and then looked over at Tish.  Tish told him, “John is right, you could be a great addition to our team.  Once everything is settled with the governors, expect a call from us.”  He thanked us and left the table.  We got up and left as well.  After we left the cafeteria I asked Tish, do you mind stopping by my place.  It would be nice to pick up my clothes and stuff.”  Tish said, “Good, your old clothes are starting to get a bit ripe.  I was just trying to be polite about it.”  I thought about it on the way to my place, and while I was gathering up what I thought I needed to keep, I asked, “Mark made good sense, do you think we should ask Jeremiah back as well?  Since he’s already retired, we could get both of them and not even have to count them against the forty.”  Tish winked and said, “You’re slow, but you’re cute enough I can overlook that.  I already called Jeremiah first thing this morning.  He said yes.”  I had a large grin on my face all the way back to Tish’s place.  I liked to think it was because having Jeremiah on the team was going to be great.  I had to admit, however, it might have been because I was cute.
We got back to our residence and tried to relax as we waited for the governors to call us.  We went through the morning with no contact from the governors.  We had just agreed we might as well go to lunch when there was a knock on the door.  I was closest to the door, and so opened it.  Two enforcers stood outside, and one said, “The governors request your presence.  Please come with us.”  I looked at Tish, she nodded to me and so I stepped outside with Tish and Dianne following me.  We were escorted back to the conference building of last night.  However, as we approached there were a large number of enforcers milling about outside of the building.  Apparently our escort had not expected this and came to a stop to decide what to do.  While they tried to decide the best course of action, Dianne said, “Wait here, I see a lot of friendly faces I can talk to.”  She stepped away and in just a few minutes returned with a smile on her face.  “The only trouble they present is that there are too many of them.  They heard we were asking for forty enforcers, everyone of them wants to be considered.”  One of our escorts turned and said, “Look, we’re here escorting you because that’s our job.  I hope that’s not going to be held against us.  We want to be a part of the team being assembled.”  Now that it was obvious that it was safe to proceed, we moved on and soon entered the conference center.  The governors were already seated.
Sarah stood up and said, “Welcome advocates.  We worked late into the night, and reconvened early this morning.  We have arrived at our decision.  The rest of the governors stood, with the exception of some of my previous sparring partners who remained unable to rise due to broken bones.  They raised their hands in lieu of standing.  We accept your status as advocates, and applaud your wisdom in accepting the need for the governors to continue leading our people.  We agree that you shall be afforded all rights and benefits of being governors, except of course the title, Governor.  You both will be called an Advocate.”  Sarah and the other governors took their seats and Sarah continued, “As to the matter of the requested forty enforcers, we have some details that need to be met.  We need the enforcers who serve our purposes to remain true to the governors.  We can have no misconceptions about who they report to.  We will allow you forty enforcers, but they will be attached to the advocates permanently.  We will also allow you to replace enforcers lost in service to the advocates, until the current crisis has been resolved.  After that, the remaining enforcers assigned to the advocates will remain assigned to the advocates, but any lost will not be replaced.”  Sarah looked for a moment directly at Tish, and then said, “Please understand, historically, advocates are a temporary presence in our world and we feel we must ensure the smooth operation of the governors as a permanent means of leading our people.”  Sarah paused, looking amongst her fellow governors, the majority of them nodding to her as though showing support for what was to come next.  She turned her attention back to us and said, “Lastly, we understand your need to contain your ongoing operational plans apart form general knowledge of the people.  Secrecy will be important to your success.  However, the futures of the people hang in the balance of your actions.  Therefore, we will require debriefs at the conclusion of any operation, large or small.”
I turned to see how Tish would react to this demand.  I expected to see some fire in her eyes.  Instead I saw a smile spread across her face.  She replied, “We understand your concerns and are willing to agree to your requests.”  I liked how she had turned their requirements into requests.   It was a subtle way of reminding the governors who actually had the upper hand.  I was taking notes and realized I would do well to study leadership and public relations.  Tish continued, saying, “From the requests you have made, I see you understand the need to keep our operations separate, yet at the same time it’s crucial for us to be available for any questions or concerns that governors may have.  So that we can meet your needs, we will require a small campus here within the Centennial to be built up for our use.  I would like to suggest it be built as a future home and training area for enforcers, so it doesn’t go to waste as our mission winds down.  However, we will need it built in a manner that it will meet our present needs.  I suggest a governor be assigned to work with us so that the current leadership is kept involved with the design and build of this area.  Until this is completed, we will require two of the larger available residence to use as quarters and a conference center for our team.  The enforcers we select will stay in their current residence until the new campus is available.”  Sarah looked stunned, but put on a smile and said, “I agree with the overall premise.  We will have two residences ready for you by tomorrow.  You may begin to select your forty enforcers, who will be released from us as soon as you recruit them.  This should be enough to allow you to begin preparations.  The rest will have to be discussed by the governors so we can best decide how to facilitate your needs.”  Sarah asked, “Do you find this acceptable?”  Tish bowed and said, “It is Governor, thank you.”  Sarah stood up and declared, “It is decided.  Let the Advocates be welcome in our community and let us strive to ensure their success.”  At this she looked around at her fellow governors while she continued with, “For the very existence of our people hinges upon their success.”  Tish thanked the governors, and then we left without waiting to be dismissed.  We were equal but separate branches, and we would be making that point until we felt it no longer needed to be made.
Before we exited the conference center, Tish stopped and asked Dianne, “This is your last chance to back out of this mess, are you sure you want in?”  I think Dianne was answering her before Tish really finished the question.  Dianne said in a no nonsense manner, “I’m in.  I’ve been part of your plans since you realized what you were, and nothing has changed.”  Tish embraced Dianne and told her, “We’re honored to have you as our first enforcer, thank you my friend.  Your first job is to contact every enforcer and see which ones would like to join our cause.”  Then Tish laughed as she said, “Which means you go out there first and let the enforcers waiting out there know that you will take their names and that they will be notified later of when their interviews will take place.  Assure them that everyone who wants to be considered will be interviewed before we make a decision.”  Dianne asked, “So meet back at your place with the names of the people outside, and we can all take a late lunch together?”  I piped up to make sure everyone knew my opinion mattered.  I said, “That sounds like a great plan to me.”  Dianne looked amused and then she looked to Tish, who gave a quick nod of her head.  We let Dianne step out first, gave her a minute, and then made our own exit and walked back to our residence.  On the way back, Tish took my hand and said, “My hero, tonight we will go over to the students’ gym and spar for a little while.  I need to confirm something that I suspect.  Then I will be better able to determine our division of duties.”  She stopped walking, and still holding my hand, she asked, “Will you be patient with me until then?”  Then she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.  I knew she knew what she did to me, but I didn’t care.  Or perhaps I liked it.  I wasn’t really sure.  I just mumbled in my most manly voice, “Uh-huh.”  She smiled and turned back towards our destination and continued our walk.  She didn’t let go of my hand.
We arrived back at Tish’s old place, our temporary quarters.  Dianne arrived not more than ten minutes later.  I was relieved to see her, as I was really hungry for some reason.  In fact, now that I thought of it, I had been hungry a lot lately.  Nothing I had been doing could explain why I was so hungry lately.  Not as bad as when I first started becoming what I was now, but for some reason it reminded me of that.  I wondered about that while we walked over to the student cafeteria, which the ladies had chosen for some reason.  I was sure it was another political reason, which just drove home that I needed to ask them about some materials on the subject.  We walked in, got in line, and you could have heard a pin drop.  Tish made a beeline for a table in the center of the cafeteria.  There was a very large young man sitting there, and she asked if we could join him.  It was nice to see someone besides me get caught off guard.  He just nodded and stood up as if to leave.  Tish stopped him, saying, “Please don’t leave.  I really hoped to share the table, not have you leave.”  He sat back down, looking very pleased.  Dianne asked the student, “So, Franklin, have you heard the news about the forty enforcers?”  Franklin nodded and said, “It’s all anyone’s talking about.  It’s exciting, but at the same time it’s kind of a bummer that since we’re still just students, we’re going to miss out on the opportunity.  I would give anything to fight on your team.”  Tish said, “Who told you we wouldn’t consider students?  Any student interested will get the same opportunity we’re giving the enforcers.  Make sure Dianne has your name, and we will set you up for an interview.”  Franklin’s eyes bugged out.  He almost shouted.  It was certainly loud enough to catch the attention of the students at nearby tables, “I want in, put my name down please!”  Dianne replied, also loud enough for others to hear, “Thank you Franklin, please let the rest of the student body know we will interview any student who wants to be a part of our team.”  That was basically the end of lunch for Tish and Diane.  Students quickly surrounded our table and each was intent on giving Dianne their names so they could be interviewed.   Many were also asking Tish questions.  I decided to be polite and make room for them to work at the table, taking my tray to a now empty table so I could eat.  I was surprised when three students joined me.  “Could we share your table and ask you some questions?”  A young lady asked.  I replied, “Of course, please, all of you take a seat.”  All three students took a seat and the young man with them asked, “So, if we want to be on your team, we will really get interviewed for a position?”  I told him, “That’s the truth.  Tish and Dianne wouldn’t say something they didn’t mean.  You will be guaranteed an interview if you let Dianne know that you’re interested, and give her your name.”  The girl who hadn’t spoken yet asked, “Has anyone been selected to be on your team yet?”  I told her, “Only Dianne, no one else will be selected until all of the volunteers have had a first interview.”  The girl who had first spoken to me then asked, “What are the decisions being based upon?”  I paused, and then said, “It really comes down to what our team needs.  If you have a talent, or subject knowledge that sets you apart, I suppose that would give you an edge.”  She looked back at the table where Tish and Dianne sat, then said, “Thank you John.”  She looked at her two friends and said, we have time to eat before we go sign up, so dig in.”  Mercifully, no one else approached and I got the opportunity to finish what I had on my tray and even go back for seconds.
The commotion around the table Tish and Dianne sat at began to die down, so I returned.  Dianne looked up at me and said, “Chicken baby.”  I shrugged and replied, “Maybe, but I’m a well fed chicken baby.”  I took a seat at the table while Dianne laughed at me.  Tish said, “The three who were sitting with you, they were very interesting.  They’ve been studying as a team, each one specializing in a different enemy than the other two.  One specialized in witches, one in vampires, and the last in huntsmen.  They really knew their stuff, they’ve obviously been spending a lot of time in the library.  They even took the time to be trained so they could peruse everything in the documents area concerning their focus which included advocates and the Others equivalents.”  I nodded and said, “They also know how to gather information to help them reach their goals.  They sat down with me to ask what we were looking for, and then used that information to highlight how their abilities could fit our needs.  Those are some quick thinking scholars.”  Tish said, “I agree.”  To which Dianne said I will set their interviews towards the front then.”  Tish and Dianne finished their meals, and we left for our place to prepare for the interviews.
Dianne had almost completed contacting every active enforcer before dinner.  No one she contacted had been surprised, as news had traveled fast throughout the Enforcers network.  In fact, she handled more incoming calls to her cellphone than outgoing calls.  The large majority of enforcers wanted to be on the team.  The hardest part of assembling our team was going to be making sure that we remained on friendly terms with the ones we didn’t select.  Tish thought she had an idea to address that, but wanted to contemplate it a little more before she shared it with us.  I asked a question that had been on my mind.  “So the students we recruit, do you think we will have to count them against our forty enforcers?”  Tish pinched my cheek and said, “My hero is greedy.  We can pull that off on a few special circumstances, but if we try that with the students, we will hurt their moral by saying they aren’t real enforcers, and cause problems with the governors by being too grabby.”  I thought about that, and said, “OK, I see how that would be a problem.  However, how about a guy I know, who isn’t an enforcer?”  I asked, “How will we handle that?  I think we should grab a few key positions before asking permission, apologize to the governors for the misunderstanding and then make arrangements for getting the rest of the people we will need to fill out administrative positions.”  She looked intrigued as she asked me, “Why?  Who do you have in mind?”  I didn’t hesitate, “Steven Geord, from the school administration.  The guy is a genius with anything to do with the Internet and computers, and spends a lot of time keeping up with leading edge technology.  Also, he will be great with online research.  I think he could help our team make the best use of available technology, plus he could guide us on who else could best fill out our technical support team.”  Tish seemed caught off guard, and I enjoyed that.  She said, “That’s a great idea, I hadn’t even thought of technology.”  Dianne nodded, smirked at me and said to Tish, “Wow, you were right, he really is more than just muscle.”  I nodded and said, “Yeah, don’t be fooled by my good looks.   I’m more than just a pretty boy.”  We went to dinner, and when we finished, Tish asked Dianne to excuse us, and if she would mind heading back to our place and we would meet her after we had a chance to spar and discuss a few things.  Dianne smiled and said, “No problem, but don’t mess up Pretty Boy’s face.”  Dianne walked back to our place while Tish led me in the opposite direction.  She said, “Let’s take a walk and talk about a few things, OK?”  I said, “I would like that.  I want to give the food a little time to settle before we spar anyway.”  We continued walking and then she asked, “Have you been getting really hungry again, like when you first started to notice your new abilities?”  I was startled and said, “I started doing that pretty recently, what made you notice?”  She answered, “I’m basing it on what I went through.  Listen, there’s going to be some stuff that needs to stay just between the two of us.  It’s for our own safety, and to keep our enemies off guard.  Here’s what I think is happening.  I went through two more stages of increased growth of my capabilities after my first change, when I was sixteen.  Each of those times my metabolism went off the charts.”  I broke in, “You mean I’m going through a second stage and have one more to go after that?”  She said, “No, I mean that’s all I’ve gone through so far.  We don’t know anything else except that those advocates, who survived, did seem to continue to grow in power.  I also learned from the documents available that those advocates, who showed up later in life, seemed to be more powerful.  My theory is that the extra time it took before any of the capabilities of our people began to appear were used to strengthen the core of the advocate, allowing more power to be achieved as the end result.  I am only barely faster than you.  I believe before your next stage is completed, you will be faster and stronger than me.  I believe it’s crucial to our success, that we hide that as long as we can.  If everyone perceives me as the major threat, we can take advantage of their miscalculations to destroy them.  It isn’t a secret that will keep long, but as long as it does last, we will use it.  How do you feel about that?”  I thought it over, then replied, “I don’t like using you for bait.  I will go along with this, but if at any point I have to choose between keeping our secret and keeping you safe, the secret will be out.”  She kissed me and said, “My hero, I had no doubt of that.  I do, however, have some bad news for you.  Nowhere in my studies have I seen that we grow any smarter because of our changes.  At some point it will be obvious to everyone who our most powerful fighter is, but I think it would be best to leave the people skills to me, OK?”  I didn’t have to think that over, I said, “Please.  I don’t have enough time to learn how to handle the management stuff.  You seem to be really good at that, let’s keep things the way they are.”  She hugged me and said, “We’re going to make a great team.”  I just smiled.  We continued over to the gym and let ourselves in.  We walked into the center of the gym and she said, “Full speed but light contact.  We don’t need to ever place one another in a vulnerable position.  An enemy could attack at anytime.”  I said, “I understand.  With no further warning I attacked.
She was caught off guard and I landed my third punch lightly on her jaw, and then withdrew.  She raised an eyebrow at me.  I should have realized she expected my second attack.  I attacked and realized my mistake as I saw her smile.  My first punch was slipped and as her fingernails stopped just short of my eyes I felt her knee graze my groin.  She stepped back and bowed.  I eased forward and began to shuffle to her left.  She turned with me, both of us looking for an opening.  I started it with a front snap kick she blocked as I expected her to do as I finished by turning the blocked kick into a sidekick.  She surprised me by catching the sidekick and spinning me by that leg to expose my back to her.  I surprised her by dropping to the floor and sweeping her legs from under her, following with a tap to her throat.  I leaped to my feet and moved back.  I began to circle her once she stood, but she attacked before I did.  She unleashed a series of punches, kicks and counter-punches, which I was barely able to keep up with.  We continued in this fashion for a long time when I noticed she was slowing.  I attacked with a fast jab, which as she blocked I stepped in driving my elbow to her head.  She whipped her head back from the elbow, tried to avoid my feint with my knee as I turned the missed elbow strike into a back fist, lightly striking her temple.  I withdrew and she said, “Enough.”  I dropped out of my fighting stance.  She looked at me as if gauging something, and asked, “Have you noticed you’re already getting faster?”  I was confused.  I asked.  ”Weren’t you moving slower for me so you could get a fair impression of my technique?”  She shook her head, saying, “No, I was at full speed.  You’re already matching my speed, you outfought me, already.”  I could see by the expression on her face, she was shocked.  She said, “This is much better than I hoped for.  You will be much faster than I am, much quicker than I hoped.  For now on, when we spar, stay at my speed or slower.  We don’t want to tip our hand, and well meaning people will talk where they shouldn’t.  Sooner or later, word will get back to our enemies.  Let’s make sure they hear that I’m the best fighter.”  I smiled and told her, “No one will know until it’s too late.”
We left the gym and returned to our place.  Dianne had been building her list of volunteers into a spreadsheet so it would be more useful.  I was impressed with her work.  We discussed administrative stuff until we called it for the night.  I had it the easiest.  My pillow and blanket were already in reach, and I had already been sitting on the couch.  I turned out the lights.

Twenty Four

I woke up early, excited about moving.  I liked the idea of a semi-permanent place I could call my own.  Maybe I could even have a bed again.  I went ahead and took a quick shower.  I was back out before Dianne woke up and so I thought about what I wanted to accomplish today.  I knew I wanted to talk to Steven about joining our team.  I wanted to park my belongings in my very own room.  I wanted to get started on a workout routine for strength training.  I had decided that if it made sense to learn many martial arts styles, and the use of weapons, it also made sense to be as strong as I could possibly be.  Everything I could do to give me an advantage was crucial.  I knew that I would be fighting others who had the same basic talent levels I did, and the smallest edge could mean life or death.  I had to win, because I was what stood between Tish and death.  It didn’t matter what it cost me.  I could not fail.  I must have had a grim look on my face, because Tish walked into the living room and said, “Awww, Sweetie. Did you have a bad night?”  She sat down next to me and gave me a hug and then gently bit my earlobe.  I felt much better.  It occurred to me that I loved her.  We hadn’t even been on a date.  It didn’t really matter.  I knew I couldn’t live without her.  I wondered how long you were supposed to wait after getting to know someone before it was OK to tell them that you loved them.  I wished I knew someone smart about that kind of stuff, because I had no idea.  I was pretty sure it was after lots’ of dates and romantic evenings.  We hadn’t had any of those yet.  The truth was, I didn’t see any of those in our near future either.  Anyway, I knew sometimes she was picking on me, but I could tell it was because she liked me.  I knew I was special to her.  Besides, the way she hugged me, kissed me, or like just now when she had bitten me on the ear, most of that was flirty, not like being just a friend.  My pondering was interrupted when she asked, “John, what are you thinking so hard on?”  I was still caught up in my thoughts and so my mouth opened before my brain fully engaged, which was always a dangerous situation.  Out of my mouth shot, “You.”  My eyes got big and my face felt hot when I realized what my mouth had just blurted out.  She smiled and told me, “Now I like hearing that.  I’ve been thinking a lot about you lately.  I think I’m going to have to keep you.”  I gave her a hug and said, “I like hearing that.”  Then Dianne walked into the room and announced she was hungry.  I realized I was also, so I stood up and said, let’s go get some breakfast.  Tish rolled her eyes and said, “You’re so romantic.”  I knew I had just made a mistake.  I really wished I knew what it was.  Fortunately for me, Dianne said, “Good, let’s get moving.”  It was as if she hadn’t even heard what Tish had said.  I decided to capitalize upon the situation and got to the door first so I could hold it open for Tish.  I think it helped.
We had finished breakfast and were headed back to our place when an enforcer intercepted us.  He spoke directly to Tish and said, “Advocate, I have been sent to show you to the two residence you requested.  We followed him and soon arrived at what I can only describe as two small compounds next to each other.  Each had a large wall surrounding it, with one common wall shared between them.  Inside each of the compounds were a large main house, servant’s quarters, and a small gym, to include an indoor lap pool.  Tish accepted the keys from the enforcer, and we let ourselves into the first compound.  Tish turned to Dianne and said, “Pick a room you want in the other compound, all of the bedrooms will be on the second floor.  Get moved in and then your first order of business will be to find a mason to turn the hole in the wall connecting the two compounds into a nice gate.  I also want you to find a carpenter who can turn the majority of the space on the first floor and the basement into nice rooms.  I will want the basement in our residence to be turned into a command post.  The servants’ quarters in your compound will also be turned into bedrooms.  The servants’ quarter on our compound will be turned into administration offices.  Lastly, arrange for sixteen enforcer interviews tomorrow morning, and twenty-four more tomorrow afternoon, giving us an hour break for lunch and an hour and a half break for dinner.  Make sure they understand no final decisions will be made during these interviews.  We will make decisions after everyone has been interviewed.”  Dianne said, “I will get right on it.”  I said, “Let’s make sure none of the work on the operations center or the administration offices gets started until after I get Steve on board.  He may want to make sure cables and stuff get run before walls get closed back up.”  Tish told me, “That’s a very good point.  Why don’t you go make contact with Steve and see if he would like to join us?  Meanwhile, I can try to figure out how day-to-day operations can best take place while I walk around the grounds.  No, wait.  First, be a dear and explore the gardeners’ shed for something to knock a large enough whole I can comfortably walk though, in the wall between the two compounds.”  I assured her I would get that done and asked her where she wanted the hole.  She thought about that, and then said, “Make it just behind the back of our residence.”  I nodded and said, “Consider it done.”  I walked out to the shed, found a sledgehammer among the tools, and quickly knocked a hole through the wall.  I made the hole big enough I could walk through without stooping, and cleared it out to ground level.  I put the sledgehammer back up and headed out the gate to find Steve.
It was about a ten-minute walk to get to the school campus.  I went straight to the faculty building and down the hall to the office labeled Admin.  I knocked on he door and heard Steve say, “Come in, the doors unlocked.”  So I opened up the door and walked in.   Steve looked shocked to see me.  He said, “Wow!  I heard about what happened, I’m real glad you’re OK.  A vampire on campus, that was crazy.  I heard you were an advocate, and that you were no longer a student.”  He stopped for a second, the said, “Duh.  I would guess not.”  He looked up, seeming a little confused, and said, “Hey, if this is about your tablet, you get to keep that.”  I thanked him, and said I appreciated that.  Then I said, “The truth is, I came here for you.  Our team is going to need someone like you to be in charge of the technology we use, and perhaps train some of us in the proper use of some of that technology.  Also, we need someone with the know-how to design our operations center, our communications systems, and keep everything running.  You’re the only person I know who could do all of that, and I think you under-utilized here at the campus anyway.  It’s a crucial position on our team, and I really need you to be that person.”  I ended that by asking, “Will you consider it, and if so, what would you want in return?”  Steve grinned and asked, “I would get to choose what systems we used, and how to set them up?  Who would have final approval?”  I knew he was going to say yes, and was keen to have him onboard today.  “I said, if you commit today, we will tell you what capabilities we need, what our budget is, and then get out of your way.”  Steve seemed to grow taller, he his eyes were bright and focused as he said, “Then I can commit right now.”  I reached over the counter and shook his hand and said, “Excellent.  Grab anything you need from here, I will help if there’s too much for you to carry.  Follow me and we can get your room picked out, and let you look over the compounds to get a feeling of what you will need to do.”  He snatched up a tool bag, a mat with a strap ending in a wristband, his tablet and a laptop computer.  He looked over at a toolbox that had seen better days, and I could tell he wanted it.  I told him, “I can promise you I will personally see to it that your toolbox is delivered to wherever on the compound you feel it should be put.  Will there be anything else?”  Steve said, just my personal belongings.”  I said great, let’s do this.”  As we walked out of the building I saw four students and called them over.  “I need a little help, I’m moving Steve over to the Advocate’s compound so he can build a high-tech operations center for us.  Can you four help carry some stuff from Steve’s old quarters to his new address?”  The students were excited to get the chance to see where the new Advocates compound was, and readily agreed to help out.  We walked to Steve’s place and he pointed out the stuff he wanted brought over.  Once we had everything gathered up, we all walked over to the compound.  Steve wanted everything just brought down to the proposed operations center, so we all walked down the stairs into the basement, setting his belongings on the floor.  Steve looked around and said, “No desks.”  He looked at me apologetically and said, “I guess I will need the standing desk, at least, from my old office.”  I looked at the four students and asked.  ”Do any of you know where you could borrow a truck for about a half hour?”  One of them knew where.  “OK then,” I said.  “Head over to get the truck and meet me at Steve’s old office.  We will meet you there.  I turned to Steve and said, “Come on and make sure we don’t miss anything.  We will just move everything over here and into the basement for now.  As you get things started, you can let me know what will work best for you as far as a work place and a living space.”  We walked back and met the students at the building just as Frank walked out, looking upset.  He spotted Steve and said, “Hey, you’re supposed be manning the administration office.  I have two students whose tablets aren’t working.”  I stepped up and told Frank, “I’m sorry Frank, but you will need a new administrations person.  We have recruited Steve to join the Advocates team.”  Frank really looked surprised.  He objected, saying, “But he’s not enforcer.”  I replied, “Exactly, we have plenty of enforcers to consider, especially because we’re considering the student population as a place to recruit our enforcers from as well as the existing group of enforcers.  Steve, however, is a rare commodity.  I don’t think there is a better-qualified person to build our operations center, our computer networks and our communications network.  After he builds them, we will need to keep him to maintain them.  Frank, if we take anything from the office you need to have replaced, or if you would like a receipt for everything we remove from Steve’s office, I will be glad to provide it.  I’m sure the governors will be more than happy to replace everything with newer equipment.”  Frank looked at Steve like he wanted to say something, then he changed his mind.  He turned to me and said, “A receipt will be fine, thank you.”  With that, he walked away.  I told the students to load up everything, including furniture.   “Strip it bare.” I told them.  “I will meet everyone back at the compound.”  I left them to their duties and walked back to my new home.
As I got back to the compound, I saw Dianne headed back through the hole in the wall to her side of the compound.  I called out, “Hey, Dianne, wait for me,” as I jogged over to where she was standing.  “I recruited Steve,” I said.  He will be here in a little while with some students to help him unload his stuff into the operations center.  When he gets here, would you mind showing him around if I’m not here and helping him pick out a room?”  Dianne assured me that she would take care of that, and that I wouldn’t be around.  She told me she had just spoken with Tish, and the governors had just gotten news they wanted to share with us.  I thanked her and headed back to my residence to find Tish.  I walked through the front door and Tish was waiting for me.  She said, “I have spoken with our armory and made arrangements for us to pick up both a sword and a practice sword for you.  First, we have to stop off at the governors’ conference center, it seems some news has arrived that they want to share with us right now.”  I just said, “Let’s go.”  She gave me a quick kiss and said, “Come on, you’re holding up the party.”  The conference center was only a few minutes away and as I had come to expect, when we arrived two enforcers opened the doors for us.  I noticed they looked upset.  Actually, they looked quite angry.  We passed through the corridor and entered the room I had become familiar with.  There were only nine governors in the room, Sarah among them.  She said, “There’s been trouble already.  I’m sorry, however the witches have made one of your friends into a message.  On a table, something the size of a soccer ball was placed covered with a cloth.  I had smelled the blood as I entered, and I was afraid of whom I would find under that cloth.  I felt my hair standing up as I approached and stopped.  I said, “I feel an enchantment, has this already been searched for danger?”  A large man spoke up, “I have.  The enchantment allows for a message.  No danger, no two-way communications.  The message itself is the enchantment.”  I walked forward again, and without hesitating pulled the cloth off.  I saw the bloody head of Jeremiah.  The eyes suddenly glowed blue, and a voice emanated forth, the voice was not Jeremiah’s, but his dead lips moved in synch with the voice.  “Be afraid, advocates for I took the time to learn his every thought before I took his head.  We had a very special time, Jeremiah and I.  We will begin targeting small towns and outposts for your people very soon.  Each time, we will be wiping out every one of you we can find.  We aren’t going to waste time looking for you.  Finding us is your problem.  Until then, we’re putting down as many of you as we can find.  It’s going to be a bloodbath.  We can’t wait to get our hands on the two of you.  If we do it real slow, and just right, your pain will empower our biggest enchants ever.”  The head pursed its’ lips and whistled, “Here boy, here girl, HEEL!”  Then it laughed, and the glow went out.  I covered it back up, rolled it up into the cloth and handed it to the man who had checked the head for enchants.  “Have it buried, do it now.”  The man didn’t hesitate, and took the head of Jeremiah to do as he had been told.
Sarah, spoke up, “I’m sorry for your loss.  Jeremiah was well known by us, and he will be greatly missed.  However, we want to know what the Advocates are going to do about this.”  I snarled as I said, “We are going to kill both of the Wicked, and as many of the witches as possible.  This will go down as the biggest mistake they have ever made in their history.”  Tish laid a hand upon my shoulder as she said, “As soon as we have selected our forty enforcers, we will put together a plan, and then we will do exactly as John just promised.  We start interviews tomorrow, and should be done in four days.  We will take two weeks at most after that to put together our plans.  Then we will go out and take care of this.  We’re building an operations center in the basement of one of the compounds.  Please arrange with your purchasing officer to see that any equipment we require will be ordered without delay.  We will use some of it to make our plans, and some will actually go into the field with us.  Who shall we address the purchases to, and where are they located?”  Sarah said, “Of course we will.  Our Chief of Purchasing is Mr. Crocket.  His office is here in the conference center, ask one of the enforcers at the front door to guide you there when you need to drop off your requirements.” 
We left, and as soon as we had cleared the conference center front doors, I asked Tish, “Do you have your phone?”  She softly said, “Yes.”  I said, “Call them to see if they’re OK.”  We stopped as she pulled out her phone and made the call.  No one answered, just a message played, saying the number was no longer in service.  We both knew the whole team was gone.  I had never known such grief, I raised my head to the sky and let loose a howl from somewhere deep inside.  I didn’t even realize I was doing it.  I just lost myself to the howl, and then snapped it off.  “I will kill them all”, I growled.  Tish embraced me gently and said, “No my hero, we will kill them all.”

What Witches Want

The second book in the Moon Shadow Series, will be released in the summer of 2015.  




Robert C. Evans is a spinner of stories and teller of tall tales.  What little of his life that is anchored to reality is based on his service in the United States Air Force for fifteen years and then deploying world-wide with the United States Army as a Military Contractor for 18 years.  He lives with his wife (who is more of a dream come true than an anchor to reality) and two ferocious guard dogs, Moose and Teddy.  He is currently working on the second book in this series, What Witches Want.
