Wight’s Brigade
Book 1 of the Six Swords Series
By Joseph Jaquinta
Published by Jolie Jaquinta at Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Joseph Jaquinta
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1 – Defeat
The battlefield was hot. They always were. The iron, leather and felt that protectively enshrouded you also baked you to the point of heat exhaustion. The padding in her helmet had adsorbed as much of her sweat as it could, and it now poured from her saturated hair into her eyes and down her cheeks.
Blurred though her vision was, Delta saw the opening almost instinctually and brought her glaive down with a quick snap and clang. The Imperialist staggered back, giving ground, and relieving the pressure on the shields she was defending. Her glaive back to vertical, she moved in the space behind the shields looking for the next opportunity and, occasionally, at the tenor of the greater battle.
What she saw did not hearten her. An early charge had disrupted her unit and invalidated all the carefully plotted out tactics they were given. The ensuing chaos had ground up her five companions. Dead, down or lost she did not know. Cut off and disorganized, the feet of the troops she ended up with had followed the terrain and ended up in a shrinking circle on top of a small rise.
Unexpectedly Delta clashed into someone else. Hours of drilling with her polearm drove her to smoothly spin and take two steps backwards. She faced off against another fighter with a spear, who had reacted almost identically. The spearwoman was short and looked to be from the Southern provinces. By her markings she was another mercenary, and by her wandering, probably also separated from her unit. They grunted at each other in mutual acknowledgement.
The spearwoman nodded her helmet back the way she came. “They’re doing their turtle thing back there, and I can’t get a point in. Think you can make an opening for me?”
Delta nodded and moved past the spear, focusing on the masses of shields pushing against each other. A quick scan showed no other poles. The Imperialists were old fashioned and favored ruddy great shields and short stabbing swords. Not much of a threat to her. At least not while there were enough of her own shields alive to screen her.
Her world narrowed down to the blunt force of massed shields their opponents had brought to bear on her line. By weight alone they were driving the line in, on itself. If there was a breakthrough, it would end messily. It was a strong formation, and they had clearly drilled this maneuver a lot. However, it was pretty telling that they had really only trained against themselves.
Her glaive came down, rattling on the helmets and shields the second rank was holding aloft. No targets there, but that didn’t matter. Delta pulled the glaive back, with the edge facing the sky and the back spike downward. She felt it catch, and then smiled. She pulled, working the blade a bit to the left and right, finding the point where she had the most leverage. It doesn’t matter how strong you are, how heavy your shield is, or how much you train. Hook a shield at the outer edge and not even an ogre can beat leverage. Slowly, inexorably, and almost effortlessly, she peeled the shield back. Not far, but far enough.
There was a loud cry as a spear shot through the space between their own shields and then through the gap Delta had opened. She saw the shield drop out of the formation as the wielder sank to their knees. Delta smiled grimly and brought her glaive down on the next fighter over, whose shield had dipped to try to close the gap opened by the other shifting shield. The blow gave them pause but caused no appreciable damage. However, Delta’s glaive was now on the upper rim of their shield and, once more she had leverage. Not enough to push it out of the way, but enough to keep it from rising.
And, there, the spear flashed again through the gap. Not sure if it got through the eye slit or not. Didn’t really matter. Only the incompetent counted kills. Dead or rattled was just as good. What was important is that they gave ground and broke formation. The pressure was equalized, and their own forces were pushing back, straightening the line. As the enemy adjusted to this change in momentum, Delta kept it up. Finding purchase, applying pressure, and letting her companion’s spear go in for the strike.
After enough abuse, the tight shield formation backed off to regroup. Delta stood back from the line and tried to shake the sweat from her eyes.
“Nice to be working with someone competent”, said the spear fighter, who had backed off next to her. “As soon as they get word up the ranks, we’ll be the number one target for their archers.” Delta nodded and pulled herself up to her full height and looked about the field.
They’d lost.
Although the fighting was far from over, there really wasn’t any question about it. She had hoped they could hold up long enough for the main body to sortie to reunite them. Possibly catch some of the enemy between them. But all she saw were a few other knots of resistance, and the main mass in retreat, harried by scouts on horseback.
“Who’s in command?” asked Delta.
“You are”, said the spearwoman.
“I am not in command”, said Delta.
“Of course you are”, said the spear. “We’re the only poles left, and I’m too short. Besides”, she looked around, “do you see anyone else who wants to take charge?”
Delta looked. There were no officer crests she could see. And the shields they were protecting were way too focused on keeping the line against the harassment from the enemy.
“Does that mean I can surrender?” asked Delta.
“If you think that’s the right command, go for it.”
Delta surveyed the field. The warriors had broken their shield formation and spread out to take up station around them. The pressure had eased on their line. They were forming a cordon with the odd champion coming in to keep the shields occupied. A good leader could rally them and make a strike for the weak point. The troops were thin enough that if they got a breakthrough, they might make an escape of it. Probably only lose half the people. She doubted she had the tactical mind or the faith of these troops to do that though.
The cordon parted briefly, and a commander came through. One thing about the Imperials: their antiquated traditions made their officers easy to spot. The crest of red bristles, cape, and clean armor. He stood, surveyed them, and with a gesture pulled his people back into line.
“The day is ours”, he said loudly and clearly. “Put down your weapons and we will give quarter. Swear an oath before Sky Father to never take up arms against the Empire and we will even repatriate you.”
“Never!” shouted a voice from their shields. “We will never surrender to scum like you!”
There was a pause as the commander ignored him and looked up and down the ranks. In the quiet a wise guy to the commander’s right said “Funny thing about scum. It rises to the top.” There was laughter up and down their line.
Delta snorted and shook her head. She raised her glaive above her head in the generally accepted gesture of submission and pushed through her shields. She stopped before the commander and waited.
The commander shook his head. “Two?”
Delta looked down and found the spearwoman had followed her out, spear over her shoulder in a similar gesture. “Just following your lead”, she said with a wry grin.
The commander sighed. “Alright. Raginald, escort these two along with the other wounded to the medical tent for processing.” The wisecracking soldier limped forward, saluted, and beckoned with a nod of his head. Delta and her companion followed without looking back.
A busy bustle had set over the battlefield. No longer the battle cry and clash of weapon and armor, but the groans of the wounded and body details.
Once clear of the line there was a pause as they stopped, and everyone took off their helmets. Delta slung hers over the pole of her glaive by its chinstrap and rested it on her shoulder. A finger pushed her shoulder.
“Aren’t you the clever one”, said Raginald, looking sternly at her. Delta squared off against him, waiting to see where this was going. He nodded at her companion. She had taken off her helmet revealing long dark hair, tightly braided and deep black eyes watching him warily. “A right mess the two of you made of our tortoise.” Delta continued to watch. Then Raginald broke into a grin. “Salut!” he said, giving them the same salute he had given the officer. He clapped her on the shoulder and limped off.
The two followed. Not exactly under guard from the wounded, but still mobile troops around them, but not exactly free. The surrounding army made any sort of thoughts of running away moot.
A large sideless tent had been put up. The ground inside was littered with bodies and people rushing between them. A page gave them a once over, singled out the soldier with a gut wound, and sent the rest to an outdoor area. There the soldiers stripped down their armor and examined their wounds. A bottle was passed around and the wounds were washed with the liquid that came out, often accompanied by howls of pain.
After his turn Raginald passed it to Delta, and grinned. “What is it?” she asked.
“It’s just water”, said Raginald. He took a swig and pressed it into her hands.
She felt. Despite having seen numerous soldiers drink and wash with it, it had the heft of a full bottle. She splashed a bit on her lips. “Mother!” she cried.
Raginald laughed. “Cold, eh?”
Delta scowled at him. Then she drank deeply of it and passed it to her companion. She guzzled it, then poured it liberally over her head, down her back and down the front of her armor.  “Brrrr”, she exclaimed, shaking her armor out. Raginald took it back and passed it to a new group arriving.
“Imperial magic”, said the spearwoman. “Rumor is they’re rotten with it.” She shook her head. “Nice to see magic used for something useful though.”

Chapter 2 – Processing
“Name?” asked the clerk.
“Delta”, said Delta. The clerk raised his eyebrow. “Fourth child”, she said by way of explanation.
Over a few hours the area had transformed from a battlefield to a camp. The wounded and dead were carted away, and eventually the two mercenaries were led to an administration tent.
“Company?” the clerk asked the next question.
“Wight’s Brigade.”
“Registration number?”
“Avenio 217.”
The clerk scribbled some more entries in the form.
“Name?” the clerk asked again.
“Zip”, said the spearwoman. “Although people call me ‘Z’ for short, and ‘Zipper’ for long.”
“Which is your real name?” asked the clerk, looking levelly at her.
“Does it matter?” Zipper asked.
The clerk sighed. “No. It does not.” He wrote something down. “Company?”
“The Puissant Company of Superlative Adventurers. Reformed.” He looked at her. “No, really. That’s the name. Registered in Romitu. PCC 12.”
The clerk scratched on in silence. A page came by and hung up a lantern, as the sun was going down. Although the lantern itself was ordinary, there was no flame contained in it, just a glowing stone.
“Thank you for your information”, said the clerk, perfunctory. “Been in a standard camp before?”
“I served for a time near Bavel”, said Zipper.
“You know the layout then”, said the clerk. “Guest quarters are the last tent to the left across from the horse pickets. Follow your nose to the mess tent. In the morning you will need to sign up, hire on, or be on your way. Dis…” he stopped himself and smiled thinly. “Be at your ease.” Then he walked off.
“That’s it?” said Zipper. “No shackles? No interrogation? No hot irons?”
“We’re mercenaries. We’re protected by the code” said Delta, getting to her feet.
“I thought nothing was sacred to the Imperials”, said Zipper, following her. “Not that I’m complaining.”
“Did you really sign on with them before?” asked Delta.
“Nah”, said Zipper. “I made that up. But I do know how they lay out their camps.” She led them down a few rows. “Yep. Right next to the latrines.”
“Convenient”, said Delta, without amusement.
There were six others in the tent, with wounds large and small. There was an empty flagon of wine to dull the pain. None were from their companies. They stacked their armor and wrung out their padding.
“Let’s find that mess tent”, said Zipper. “Might be better company there.”
“Morgue first”, said Delta. Zipper nodded.
The bodies were laid out just outside the camp. A pair of guards stood there, watching them idly. Some incense and a votive shrine to the Grave Keeper had been placed on a portable altar. The bodies were laid out respectfully with a surprising amount of personal gear. Delta looked from the bodies to the guards and met their eyes. They didn’t have to warn her about looting.
Delta walked down the line. “Five down. One left”, she said, quietly.
“Just two from my company”, said Zipper. “The others probably ran off with the rest.”
“Are you going to try to catch up?” asked Delta.
Zipper shrugged. “I just go where the wind blows me.”
They started back into the camp. “Let’s blow towards the food. My appetite is coming back.”
“Yeah, dead people do that for me too”, said Zipper, smirking.
On the way they passed a cordon of soldiers. The Montihouse forces who had not surrendered were still there, singing patriotic songs. The guarding Imperial soldiers surrounded them, interjecting rude words into their lyrics.
Delta stopped for a moment until an officer turned to them. “How long are you going to keep them there?” she asked.
“Until they surrender”, said the officer.
“Wouldn’t be simpler just to kill them, like the rest?” asked Zipper. Delta elbowed her.
“This is a civil war, not a conquest”, said the officer stiffly.
Delta pulled Zipper away before she could respond.
 
The mess tent was loud and raucous, as any large group of fighters tends to be. Winning fighters, anyway. There were cheers, jeers, and multiple re-enactments of the deeds of the day. There were also quiet corners, empty seats, and empty tankards of those dealing with it in other ways.
No one seemed to pay them much heed. People clearly recognized them as mercenaries but didn’t resent them for having been on the other side. Neither did they welcome them to their tables. So they sat, together, off to the side.
“The food’s hot”, said Zipper, eating with gusto. “And it’s not crap!”
Delta nodded back at the mess line. “No fire. No smoke. More Imperial magic?”
“That’s two for two”, said Zipper around a mouthful. “Magic being used for useful things, that is.”
Delta nodded and ate slowly. Her mind was on the bodies lying out on the ground. She hadn’t signed on to Wight’s Brigade that long ago. She didn’t know them well. They were polite and all. But she was really there to just fill out the numbers. The first empire may have fallen apart seventy years ago, and now the new Imperialists were having a civil war trying to put it back together. But neither fought the bureaucracy, which had lasted a thousand years of Empire. And the bureaucracy said that mercenaries came in companies of up to six. If there were more than six, they were an army. So, she had been a sixth body, to bring them up to six to get the contract they wanted.
And now she was all that was left of Wight’s Brigade.
She left the wine ration she had been given untouched. Even watered down it wasn’t what she wanted right now. She remembered her comrades in arms, but she found it hard to mourn them.
Instead she watched the troops eating. From the outside, she could see those who were just putting on bravado to try to mask their own thoughts. Empty flagons bore witness to others masking it in other ways. A few watched, as she did. Veterans.
Funny. She never saw herself as a veteran. This was the first major fight she had been in. Everything else was just skirmishes. Maybe it wasn’t so much experience as viewpoint.
Zipper had finished her food and had started to eat Delta’s. “You know”, said Delta, “they’ll just give you more.”
“No way?” Zipper looked up and around. “Grania’s blessing be on this table!” she jumped up and headed back to the mess line.
Delta made an effort to eat. She didn’t peg Zipper as experienced. She certainly didn’t take anything too seriously. But that also meant she was hard to phase. Not a bad quality.
Wight’s Brigade or not? That was the question Delta had to decide. As the sole surviving member, she inherited command of it. Such as it was. She could disband it, and hire on with another company, or find another five swords to bring it up to quota.
Zipper sat down again; plate heaped with more food. “Cook’s some barbarian from Gnollistan or somewhere. I bet him a double portion if I could swallow and keep down a bit flavored to his liking.” She grinned. “Good thing I like it spicy.”
Delta nodded, somewhat solemn. “Zipper. I’ve got something to ask you.”
“Yeah, sure. I’ll sign on”, she said waving her knife.
“What?” said Delta, taken aback. “How did you even know I was going to ask?”
Zipper waved vaguely. “You had that look about you. Making a serious decision or something.” She chewed, swallowed, and drank half a tankard of water. “I was right, wasn’t I?”
Delta smiled wearily and nodded. “Got it in one.”
Zipper winked at her and sloshed half her wine ration into her water tankard. Then scooped up more food. “So, yeah. I’m in.”
“We haven’t even discussed terms”, said Delta.
“Either you’re a crook, in which case there is no point discussing them. Or you’re honest, in which case they’ll be fine”, said Zipper. She pointed at her plate. “You should really eat that. It’s the best we’ll see in some time.”
“You don’t want to sign on with the Imperials?” asked Delta.
Zipper gave her a crazy look. “The food’s great. They use magic sensibly.  But this whole civil war is insane. They’re fanatics.”
“You sympathize with Avenio then?”
“No”, said Zipper, quickly. “They are petty provincials.”
“What’s that make us?”
“Smart enough to take money from both of them.”

Chapter 3 – Offer
Early the next morning a page came for them. They were up and ready. The alcohol had worn off and the groans from the wounded made sleep uncomfortable. Their kit was bundled and stacked. All they had to do was pick it up and follow.
They were led back to the tent where they had been processed after the battle. The same clerk was there, with the same lantern, almost as if he had never moved.
“Ah”, he said. He indicated two camp chairs to them before his canvas desk. He shuffled some wax boards, quickly reading his notes. “On behalf of the reformed army of the Empire of Romitu, I’d like to offer you…”
“No”, said Zipper.
The man stopped, raised his eyebrow, and looked to Delta.
“Thank you for what I am sure is a generous offer of service”, said Delta. “But, after due reflection, I am afraid my companion and I must decline.”
He smiled thinly and moved a few tablets off to one side. “As duly registered members of a mercenary company, the Empire would like to offer you a contract for your services.” He nodded to Delta, “as the sole survivor of your company you can legally contract on the entity’s behalf.” Turning to Zipper, “Your case is a little more difficult…”
Zipper waved her hands in front of her. “Can’t have that. I certainly don’t want to make things difficult for you. I hereby resign my position in…” She rolled her eyes. “…The Puissant Company of Superlative Adventurers – Reformed. And apply for an opening in Wight’s Brigade. If you’ll have me”, she added at the end.
Delta nodded solemnly. “Certainly. If you have the paperwork, sir?”
The clerk nodded. “I can handle that. And, thank you. That certainly makes things easier. If…”, he paused to see if he was going to be interrupted. When it appeared he wasn’t, he continued.
“Although two is an undersized company, it actually turns out to be exactly what we had in mind for a specific duty.” He picked up one waxed board and read it from the top to the bottom. “The Empire regrets that it must take up arms against its own citizens. Although they are our enemy in the field, they are still our own and are due all the dignity and respect that deserves. As such we feel it a sacred commitment to return those unfortunate enough to die in this unnecessary conflict in good order to their nearest relatives. Sadly, those who have taken up arms against us do not always welcome such overtures.  We find that it often goes better if neutral third parties actually conduct the dead.”
They thought it over for a bit. “So…”, said Zipper. “You want us to drive the meat wagon over to the Montihouse side?”
“Colorfully put, but essentially accurate”, said the clerk.
“There are plenty of civilian drivers”, said Delta. “Why hire mercenaries to do it?”
He nodded. “Well, when we say, ‘in good order’, we mean unmolested and with their personal equipment intact. We have strict rules about looting battlefields and bodies. Which means we need someone we can trust.” He rattled the wax boards. “Or, at least, file a negative report about. And someone who can keep away looters.”
“Ah”, said Delta. “Sounds good to me”, she looked over at Zipper for confirmation. She just saluted. “What’s the pay?”
He smiled thinly. “Same as all soldiers. One shilling a day.” He opened a parchment journal, noted down Zipper’s change of registry, and had them both make their sign. He then copied out the contract form, filled in the details, and again had them sign.
“Pay is half in advance, and half by promissory note”, he handed them some brass coins. “Upon completion you can hand those in to any Imperial paymaster and, assuming there have been no negative reports, you can draw the rest of your pay. You can grab breakfast in the mess tent, and the wagons and horses should be ready by the time you are done.”
“The grub is almost worth the price of the contract!” said Zipper.
 
Her tune had changed later as they approached the carts.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have eaten so much”, said Zipper. There were two wagons, with stacked bodies in them under tarps.
“You did eat rather a lot”, said Delta, dispassionately.
“Always have”, said Zipper. “My parents despaired of it. Especially since I never grew from it. They said it just went into my hair.” She swung her long braid from side to side for emphasis.
“Let’s try to do this from upwind”, said Delta. There were few actual fires in the camp, though. Most of the cooking appeared to be over magical hotplates. But despite their trepidation, there was no rank smell.
A soldier who had been standing guard over them noticed their approach and came over. “Are you the ones taking this lot out?”
“We are”, said Delta.
He nodded. “Fine. I’ll walk you to the gate and they’re yours from then on.”
They stowed their gear and climbed up on the cart. “Are there really bodies in here?” asked Zipper, peeking under a tarp.
The guard laughed. “Yes. A mage came through and put a preserve spell on them. It’ll be about a month before they start to… Well, before they should be buried.”
“What do the priests of Grave Keeper think of that?” asked Delta.
The guard shrugged. “Dunno. It’s respectful and allows for proper funeral rites. I can’t see they would mind.”
“Especially given the fees they charge for rites”, said Zipper. “Looks like I can enjoy my breakfast after all. What are the mules called?”
The guard stopped at the gate. “I just call them ‘one’ and ‘two’. It’s not like they listen.” He waved them off. “Gods speed to you!”
 
The drive was pleasant enough. The Avenio countryside was picturesque, and in the no man’s land between armies, pretty empty. Rations for them and the mules had been packed, so there was little to care for.
Zipper whistled as they went, occasionally bursting into song at particularly raucous bits. She had taken charge of the mules and spent most of the day trying out different names on them.
Delta was a little more restless. She moved about the wagon, perching on top to keep lookout for a lot of the time. But also hopping off and walking ahead whenever there was an intersection or bridge.
“Come on”, Zipper called to her, while she paced next to the wagon. “This is easy duty. Rest your butt for a while. I’m sure we’ll hit duty soon where it will be nothing except getting our butts kicked.”
Delta socketed her glaive in a ring on the side of the wagon, and then pulled herself up. “You’re probably right.” She waved around the countryside after she settled. “This just creeps me out. It’s too quiet.”
Zipper nodded. “No cowbells tinkling. No goatherds bitching.” She pointed to the side. “Weeds are coming up in the spelt over there. Looks like people have been cleared out for three weeks to a month.”
Delta looked at her appraisingly. “Country girl?”
Zipper shrugged. “Pretty much.”
Delta nodded and looked back at the surroundings. “Village girl myself. I couldn’t tell spelt from rye unless it was on a plate.”
“No shame in that”, said Zipper. She broke into another song about a baker mixing up ingredients.
Delta pulled out the contract they had been given. On the back was a very rough map and the itinerary they were expected to follow. “We’re supposed to make Kerhinet tonight.” She glanced up at the sun. It was starting to approach the horizon.
“Ya hear that Oswald?” shouted Zipper, flapping one of the reins. “I told you you’ve been slacking.” She flapped the other rein. “Show him Ping. Pick up the pace or we’ll all be wolf fodder after sunset.”
Delta turned and looked at their cargo. “I hadn’t thought about it that way. This has got to be something scavengers would pick up on, preserve spell or not.”
“A bloody great beacon to any carnivore’s nose”, complained Zipper. Despite her admonitions, the mules had not changed their pace. “Do you suppose they get trolls around here?”
Delta looked concerned. “With the people gone, no telling what’s come down from the mountains.” She shaded her hand against the sun and looked ahead. “I don’t see anything.”
“We must be close then”, said Zipper.
“Wouldn’t we see more if we were closer?” said Delta.
Zipper shook her head. “Nah. Why live in a field if town’s not so far away?”
The road had been going slightly upwards. Not long afterwards, around when the sun was getting nervously close to the horizon, they crested the slight rise. The land dropped much quicker on the other side to a small brook. The road crossed this with a bridge, and a village was immediately opposite it.
“No smoke”, said Delta. “I guess we would have known it was there if there were any fires.”
Zipper shrugged. “You guys got off easy today”, she said to the mules. “Tomorrow you might not be so lucky. Take it as a warning.”
Three roads crossed in the center of the village. There was an inn there, locked and boarded like all the other buildings. The gate that led to its inner courtyard was bound with a heavy chain and lock. Delta unlooped a thong from her belt with a big key they had been given. She unlocked and swung open the gates while Zipper led the mules through by hand.
“Hi honey, we’re home!” called out Zipper. She led the mules fully in, with the wagon as far from the gate as she could get it. Then she unharnessed the mules and led them to a stall she found there.
Delta saw to the gate in the meantime. Chained and locked it up again. There was another chain and lock on the inner barn door which she opened. Here they found a pump and some fodder stored, along with grooming equipment. There was also a door to the inn proper.
“One thing about the Imperialists”, said Zipper. “Their pay is crap, but I can’t argue the accommodation!”

Chapter 4 – On the Way
“Yes”, said Zipper, “I could get used to this.” They had found bundles of firewood marked with the Imperialists sigil, as well as a stockpile of dried food. They figured they were on official business and could avail of them. With further exploring Zipper had found wheels of cheese in the basement and a tun of cider. The cheese was a bit green, and the cider not really aged to its best, but roasting the former and mulling the later helped.
“As long as they don’t take it out of our paycheck”, said Delta.
Zipper shrugged. “Well, they won’t take that feather bed upstairs out of mine.” They had found the bed in what looked like the owner’s room when they did a walk-through of the inn. Anything of value that was easily portable, was gone. Anything left was stowed in good order. This wasn’t a panicked retreat. Clearly Imperialist scouts had used it as a base, and there had been no looting. Much like the bodies they carried. For insurrectionists, they were awfully focused on law and order.
“I don’t think they would begrudge you that”, said Delta. “So long as you clean your boots.”
Zipper held up her feet and wiggled her toes in front of the fire. “Being polite doesn’t cost anything. That’s what my mother said.” She pulled a skewer from the fire with bubbling cheese on it and rolled it through the dried food they had. “What’s the word on watches tonight?”
Delta took a sip of her cider and looked around. “Dunno. This place is pretty secure.” The windows were all boarded up making a very defensible perimeter. There were plenty of cracks between the boards to act as loopholes to see out of. She lifted her tankard to the fire. “On the other hand, there’s loot here for the hungry and this is the only fire for miles.”
Zipper looked at the fire and frowned. “I hadn’t thought about that.” She put the hot cheese ball in her mouth and fanned it as she chewed quickly, making appreciative noises. “I regret nothing.”
“Right then”, said Delta. “not to make your regret it, but you take first watch.” She nodded again at the fire. “I don’t think we need to watch all night. Just stay up till the fire goes out. Then you can hit the feather bed.” Delta leaned and tried to peer out a crack. “The moon will be late and slim. I’ll stand guard from moonrise till dawn. That’ll be the most likely time for trouble to be about.”
Zipper nodded. “I do not doubt my captain’s wisdom.” She emptied the tankard and pushed it aside. “At least it’s no crime to put an end to drinking. That stuff really does need a few more months before it’s any good.”
Delta nodded and pushed her tankard away as well. “You can use mine to douse the fire when you’re good.” She stood up and stretched. “I’ll find a spot where I can watch for moonrise.”
“You don’t need a wakeup call?” asked Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “I’m a pretty light sleeper. I think that upper room had an eastern facing window. As long as I can see that I’ll check each time I wake up.”
“Just as well to start early”, said Zipper. “I sleep like a log.”
“Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
 
Zipper both slept deeply and woke slowly. It took a few tries for Delta to rouse her. Even when she was up, she still didn’t seem to be tracking fully. At least not until Delta pressed her spear into her hand. Then she grunted and tried to make more sense of what was going on.
Delta beckoned her to the window in the hall. She stopped, frozen for a moment, pulling Delta to a standstill. “Donkeys”, she whispered. In the quiet they could hear their animals shifting about in their pen below.
Delta nodded. “They smell them.”
Zipper looked curiously at her, and then followed as she began peering through the cracks.
The moon was above the horizon, but it was less than a quarter full and didn’t give much light. The sun was not far behind and already that quarter of the sky was glowing with the pre-dawn light. The constrained view through the slits in the boards showed only shadows. Long, lanky fingers of darkness made by the moon in a night already dark.
But then there was movement. It was hard to see, as it appeared right against the inn. Zipper nudged Delta, but she had already seen it. They moved to the room at the end of the hall, cursing and freezing when a board squeaked underfoot.
The vantage point there wasn’t much improved, but they were closer, and the sounds carried better. They heard the definite clink of someone testing the chain on the gates. A donkey brayed in the silence, loud and agitated. Zipper furrowed her brow. She bent close to Delta. “Why are the donkeys all riled up? You think they would be expecting a feed.”
Delta looked at her and tapped her nose. Then she leaned close to her ear. “I didn’t see much. But I did see something out there going on four feet.”
Zipper pulled back, more concerned now. They heard the creak of wood. Whatever was there had moved from testing the chains to testing the door itself. “Chains aren’t gonna stop someone climbing over”, Zipper hissed quietly.
Delta nodded in agreement, then tilted her head towards the stairs. They moved quickly, but carefully in that direction, paying close attention to where the squeaky board was.
There weren’t many good viewpoints into the courtyard from the inside of the inn, and neither of them wanted to unbolt the back door. “I think I saw a vent on the far side of the common room”, whispered Delta to Zipper. She took the cue and headed off in that direction.
The place was completely black, so she had to feel her way across most of it. When she got to the far end, though, that proved handy, as it was much easier to see a thin slit of weak moonlight, leaking in from outside. However, as she moved up to it, Zipper cursed her height for the umpteenth time. All she could see from her angle was the sky.
She propped her spear in the corner and began feeling her way around the room. There! Her hands hit the stool she thought she remembered seeing. She lifted it, and quietly walked it back. Once in place she climbed up on it and got a better view through the back.
Moving her head to one side and the other, she could see at least half of the gate. The barrier was in full moonlight, at least what there was of it, but the area above it was in complete darkness. As she looked, there was an area where the texture of the darkness was different. There was definitely a rounded shape that should not have been there.
The donkey brayed again, and the shape moved. She thought she saw the glitter of eyes. Then something imperceptible changed. She didn’t know what it was, but she felt it was looking at her. There’s no way it could see her. Not in the darkness on the other side of a slit. But it might be that it was looking at the slit, supposing her to be there. Either way, after it took it all in, the shape disappeared.
Zipper watched a minute or two more, and then got down off the stool and creeped back towards the kitchen. But on the way there, she saw Delta had moved to the forward-facing windows, so she joined her there.
Delta was so intent on watching, and Zipper had been so quiet in her movement, she was afraid that she might startle her, and her cries would give them away. She leaned all her weight on one foot, but the boards didn’t squeak on command. Instead, she felt for pressure inside of her, and produced a stifled belch.
Delta stiffened, and then slowly looked over her shoulder. Zipper waved and grinned.
“I think they’re gone”, said Delta, turning back. Zipper looked out the crack next to her. “It was just a pair of wolves”, she added. “Probably starving with no livestock to steal.”
“Wolves don’t climb”, said Zipper. Delta looked at her quizzically. “I’m sure I saw something looking over the gate.”
Delta looked skeptical, but not dismissive. “The sun is just about to come up. Give it till then and we’ll check. Let’s get some gear on.”
They had only put on the bare minimum, getting out of bed. Now they stopped and pulled on the rest of their clothes, their basic harness, and some choice pieces of armor.
They met back at the main door to the inn. It was barred and bolted from the inside, with additional wedges keeping it tight. It took a bit of effort to work them out, but eventually they were free, and the bar was off. Zipper made one last check through the windows to either side but saw nothing. The sun had cleared the horizon, and nearly the outbuildings of the town. There was certainly enough light to see if there was an ambush.
Nevertheless, they cautiously slid the bolt back, and held both of their weapons at the ready as they pushed the door open with their shoulders.
But there was nothing there. The three streets were empty up and down. Not even a crow cried.
Delta squatted, still standing on the lintel and examined the ground. “It’s not good ground for tracks. Hasn’t rained in days, so no mud. Not all that dusty. Gravel is terrible for prints.”
“We might have better luck near the gate”, said Zipper.
“Probably”, said Delta, straightening up. “But let’s cross first.” She stepped out into the street, Zipper following, and crossed until they were opposite the inn. Delta then looked critically up and down the inn.
“If it was me”, Delta said, “I’d have come in from there, and then kept close over there.” She pointed at different approaches and where you could keep close to the wall, and out of view of the windows. “If I was interested in the gate, there’s a good overhang on the right side, very much out of sight.”
“So, you’re believing me that it wasn’t just a bunch of hungry wolves?” asked Zipper, smiling.
Delta gave her a thin-lipped grin. “Let’s just play it out and see what we end up with. What would you do if you were a wolf?”
“Howl!” said Zipper. Delta gave her a warning look. “OK, OK.” Zipper looked up and down. “Best cover is from over there, where the nearest field is. A bit of weeds maybe, between there and here. But I’m more likely to just be following the smell. I’d go down the middle of the road, so nothing can jump out at me. Then straight at the gate, paw it a few times trying to get a sense if I could jump over it.”
Delta nodded. “I would have seen that. But I didn’t. What I saw was down by the base, but it definitely had four feet.”
“Smart wolves?” asked Zipper. “That can’t be good if Vargr are coming down from the mountains.”
Delta shrugged and made her way toward the gate. They paused at more likely patches of ground to look for tracks. They didn’t see anything until they got close to the wall, where there was more soil and less gravel.
“Looks like a paw print to me”, said Delta. She pointed at a few depressions. “Three pads, and I think those are claw tips.” She put down her hand for measurement. They were smaller than hers.
“This is not a paw”, said Zipper, closer to the gate. There were two, very clear, footprints. They looked at each other’s feet. They both wore boots. “I’m guessing it’s when our voyeur jumped down from the gate. Look.” She pointed to an edge. “They’re on top of the wagon tracks. So, they’re not old.”
“Yep”, said Delta. “No question about that. We were both right.”
“Something on four feet, something on two feet. What’s the answer to that riddle?” asked Zipper.
“I sure don’t think it was Montihouse cavalry”, said Delta. She straightened up. “Well, honestly, I hope we never find out the answer.” She started back towards the front door. “Let’s lock the place down, load up, get out, and never see this village again.”
“I do not doubt my captain’s wisdom!” said Zipper, shouldering her spear and following.

Chapter 5 – Rising Road
The road outward from the village was rougher. They were heading away from the market town and towards the outskirts of the county. The land became less flat with hills rising now and again and clumps of trees. Stands of crops stood on the sunward slopes of the hill sides but the grazing grounds on the other sides were empty of animals.
Both Zipper and Delta were alert today. Their mysterious night visitors still had them on edge and the view was more restricted by today’s rolling hills than yesterday’s open plains. Gertrude and Hogswabble, Zipper’s new names for the donkeys, were indifferent.
They had stopped at a branch in the road. The ruts clearly led in one direction, but the scribbled map on the back of their orders indicated the side track.
“The fort is still a day away”, said Zipper. “Why would they send us the back way? Are you holding it the right way up?”
Delta experimented, turning the page around. “I’m pretty sure that’s what it’s saying.” She re-read the instructions and looked up at the hills. “I think it’s more about getting to a safe house tonight, then getting to our destination in the most efficient way possible.”
Zipper looked around nervously. “I can’t argue that. If that’s what it is.”
“I’m going to climb up there”, said Delta, pointing to the nearest hill. “If I can see our safe house from there, then we’ll know it’s the right way.”
“Sure”, said Zipper, as she made off. “I’ll just sit here with the bait.” She looked between the donkeys and the pile of bodies lashed to the wagon. “So, Gertrude. For your little snit back there, you’re first on the menu if a troll turns up.” The donkey paid no notice.
Zipper squirmed for a while, and then got up in the seat. She climbed the stacked bodies, which they had moved slightly to provide clear foot holds, to the top of their load. They had a canvas over them to keep off the sun, but the preserve spell seemed to be doing its trick. They felt slightly unpleasant underfoot, but they didn’t stink. At least not to Zipper’s nose. Trolls, however, were supposed to be able to smell human flesh a mile off. And they weren’t picky about alive or dead.
She looked up and down the tracks as best she could. The road turned, and there were thickets and unkempt hedges, so there wasn’t much to see.
With a sigh she clambered back down again and got off the wagon. The donkeys perked up again, wondering if it was feeding time. “Don’t be greedy”, said Zipper. “You’ll get fed when we get to where we’re going. Unless you end of feeding something else.” Their interest was undampened.
She walked a bit of distance down each of the choices and examined the ground. She pressed her fingers and her spear butt into the soil to get an idea of what sort of impressions might be left. But it hadn’t rained in long enough for the soil to be too moist, nor yet long enough for it to become dusty.
“Find anything?” asked Delta.
Zipper leaped through the air and flailed around with her spear, mostly for balance. “Don’t do that!” she admonished.
Delta looked sheepish. “Sorry, I didn’t think I was being that quiet.”
Zipper shook herself and waved exasperatedly. “I can’t even find the tracks of our own wagon, sitting right there.”
“Well, that’s good”, said Delta. “It will make us harder to follow in case anyone is out here.” They both turned as Hogswabble chose that moment to lift his tail and defecate. “In theory.”
Zipper gave the donkey an evil glare. “How about you. Did you find home?”
“I did”, said Delta, brightening. “It’s not that far either.”
“Let’s hop to it”, said Zipper, climbing back on the wagon. “Can’t be too soon.”
The going was slower on the narrower track. From the ruts, the road appeared almost as well travelled, just not as well kept up. Their load also appeared rather wider than the road was used to. With much sighing and cursing Delta was forced at one point to hack a particularly virulent hedge back with her glaive.
The donkeys plodded on, though. Even when the slope increased as they went up a saddle between two hills they trod with as little enthusiasm as they did on the flat. The two drivers still felt pity and got out and pushed from behind. Zipper didn’t trust either of the donkeys not to suddenly decide enough was enough and stop just as it was beginning to think of getting darker.
They followed on the wagon for a while, catching their breath. “It should be just around the bend up there”, said Delta.
This cheered Zipper up and she moved up past the wagon and took the donkey’s leads. “Good job Gertrude. Maybe we’ll stick with that name. We’ll have you out of that harness and rolling in sweet hay soon.” She looked up and stood stock still. “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
Delta came up, now that the wagon was stopped. “What’s the problem?” she asked.
Zipper pointed. “Seriously? That’s our safe house?”
Delta looked up. The track rose to the top of the hill. Perched there was a tall windmill. The base was wide, but it tapered off towards the middle and ended in a large platform. This had a rounded top, clearly designed to pivot, and a large axle from which four long blades protruded. They were slatted for sails, but these were currently rolled tight up against the shaft.
“Yeah, hard to miss”, said Delta. “Do you have something against windmills?”
Zipper looked at it suspiciously. “They just have a bad reputation where I come from.”
Delta picked up the reins and started leading the horse. “Come on. Let’s see how secure it is.”
Zipper followed along reluctantly. “It’s OK Hogswabble. It won’t eat you”, she said more to reassure herself rather than the donkey. “At least it isn’t doing the spinny thing.” She cocked her head sideways. “It still looks like it is going to fall over.”
The base and foundation of the windmill were of stone, with a wide hefty door leading inside. This, however, was stoutly barred from the inside. They walked around the outside of the structure but there were no other entrances at ground level. They did find one above the ground, and bolts where a ladder had once been.
Zipper nodded sagely. “Well, it looks very secure. So secure we can’t get in.”
Delta read her instructions again. “Our magic key isn’t going to help us here. How are you at climbing?”
“Terrible”, said Zipper. “You’re the tall, lanky one, not me.”
Delta grunted and tried to hoist herself up on the protruding bolts. However, they were spaced too widely for her to make much progress. “Maybe I could stand on a donkey”, she mused.
Zipper shook her head. “I don’t think they would take well to that.” She scratched her chin. “The ground is too rough to get the whole cart up over this way, but there’s a little ledge going all the way around. See, where the stone ends, and the wood starts. That’s the same level as the door. You might be able to reach the edge from the top of the cart if we bring it up close to the front.”
Delta took a few steps back. “You want me to clamber up there”, she pointed to the front, “and edge my way around on a ledge that’s only a few inches wide.”
Zipper shrugged. “I do not doubt my Captain’s wisdom”, she said.
Delta sighed and trudged back to the cart.
They got it lined up, and from the top it was easy enough for Delta, with a boost up from Zipper, to get up on the ledge. It wasn’t as bad as it looked when she took it slow. After she rounded the side, though, the wind caught her, and she had a moment of worry. Once past that the going was much easier.
The upper door wasn’t bolted, but the latch string had been pulled through. The gap around the edge was generous, though, and Delta was able to lift the latch with her dagger. She was then through and down to the ground floor and getting the bar off the main entrance in no time.
It was a tight fit, but the wagon made it through the entrance without having to unload any of it. The interior was large, with the main turn shaft grounding out in the middle, and a few mill stones attached via gears. There were piles of fodder and rations marked, like the last place, with the sign of the Imperialist scouts. Once they had everything inside, they pulled the doors shut and barred them again.
“We’re in the belly of the beast now”, said Zipper, taking the harnesses off the donkeys. Once they had seen to the animals, they shucked their outer armor and took a long drink themselves.
“There should be quite the view from the top”, said Delta. “We should check it out before the sun sets.”
Zipper looked skeptical. “I don’t know. I’m not here for tourism.”
“I want to get the lay of the land”, said Delta. “If something is going to creep up on us tonight, I want to know the approaches and where the cover is.”
Zipper sighed. “I can’t argue that.”
The floor where Delta had entered was a large kitchen and work area. The floor above that had a bedroom and storage. Above that was mostly consumed with the staircase and central shaft. After that was the level of the platform.
The view from there was, indeed, spectacular. This was the high point of the hills along a low ridge and they could see quite a way in all directions. Most near at hand was the road that approached through a gentle cutting. The far side dropped more steeply, and the ridge line further in that direction was covered in trees.
“That’s where we have to watch for”, said Delta. “Those trees will obscure any approach in that direction. They go right up to that low wall, which would give cover nearly to the mill yard. Just as well they gave us bows, though. Plenty of angles of fire. How are you at the bow?”
“Terrible”, said Zipper. Delta gave her a look. Zipper shrugged and waved her hands about. “Short arms!”
Delta smiled and looked back out over the scene. “Well, I hope it doesn’t come to that.” The sun was starting to set and long shadows stretched over the landscape. “It sure looks pretty from up here”, she said.
“And empty”, added Zipper. “Empty is good.”

Chapter 6 – It Comes to That
Both elected to have a cold meal. They didn’t want to make the same mistake as last night and send up a signal fire to anyone. They sat in the first floor above the mill in the kitchen and soaked some of the dried food in water but left the hearth unlit. They did light a lantern after they shuddered all the windows they could find and blocked the cracks.
Delta worked on her glaive with a whetstone, muttering about having to trim hedges with it. Zipper poked about the room, examining the depths of all the cabinets and cupboards. She froze each time the wind blew and something, somewhere in the building creaked.
Zipper eventually came back and sat down heavily at the table. She idly chewed at some of the semi-soft dried food.
“Find anything”, asked Delta, who had finished with the fine grade whetstone and was now finishing up by oiling the blade.
“Mouse turds”, said Zipper. “Plenty of flour.”
“Hopefully not in the same place”, said Delta, with a quirk in her lips.
“Nah. Millers, better than anyone, know how to mouse proof their stores”, Zipper said glumly.
“Maybe we’ll have cakes in the morning”, said Delta. “Won’t be an issue, lighting a fire then. We should have an easy run of it tomorrow to the fort.”
“Hmm”, said Zipper, looking more positive. “I hadn’t thought of that.” She chewed more of the food. “I found a pot of grease. That, and maybe some of the cheese I kept from the last place… I can whip up some hearth cakes, no problem.”
Delta propped her glaive up and stowed her oil rag in her pack. She washed her hands and then set about her own portion of dinner. “Leave some of the fruit to soak in our wine ration overnight. That should do well.”
“I like how you think!” said Zipper. There was then a creak and a scrabbling noise. She froze, then cursed. “Sorry. I can’t help it. This place has got me jumpy. It’s probably just branches being blown up against the outside.”
“There aren’t any trees close enough”, said Delta, who had also frozen.
They put their food down and got up slowly, and quietly. Delta was moving towards the shuttered window when they both heard the noise again. It did sound like something brushing against the shingles on the outside of the house.
Delta pointed at the lamp and Zipper blew it out quickly. Delta put her ear to the wall and listened intently. They heard a creaking again and Delta pointed upwards.
Zipper grabbed her spear and they cautiously went up the stairs to the second floor. The central well surrounding the vertical shaft was built of stone, and they didn’t have to worry about creaking. “The windows on the upper floors aren’t plugged”, said Delta to Zipper in a whisper, as they ascended.
“Who would have thought?” said Zipper back.
They each took a side, Delta the work area and Zipper the bedroom. The bedroom window had a shutter, but it was unmounted, to the side. The window was narrow, but it was possible that someone small and thin could squeeze through. Zipper crouched just inside the doorway, and to one side, watching. The moon was a long way away from rising and would be even weaker than the previous night. All she could see through the window was the cloudy sky, and patches of stars.
But, there, she saw something, or rather the absence of something. A band of darkness had risen from the bottom of the window slot. Zipper swore it looked just like the silhouette she had seen the previous night. She set her jaw, gripped her spear, and waited.
Slowly, cautiously, and silently the shape moved. It filled more of the slit and then moved from side to side, like it was scanning the room. Zipper held her breath and tried to remain motionless. The figure froze. In the silence Zipper could hear Delta moving. She must have seen nothing on her side and was coming back. The time to act was now.
From her squat, Zipper rose suddenly, and stepped forward with her leading foot. Pivoting at her waist she used that momentum to thrust her spear forward. With a double handed grip, it had just enough range to make it through the window. There was a yelp, and a scrambling noise that descended down the side of the building.
Delta came running in as Zipper was recovering to guard position. “Did you get it?” she asked breathlessly.
Zipper shook her head. “It would have yelled a lot louder if I got a good blow”, she said. “As it is, I think I just scared the water out of it.”
“What was it?” asked Delta, sidling carefully up to the window, and looking out.
“I don’t know”, said Zipper. “I want to say it was the same thing I saw last night.” She shrugged. “Hard to tell for sure though.”
“Let’s get up top and see what we can see”, said Delta.
Zipper picked up the shutter. “How about we close these first?”
“Good point”, said Delta.
The got the shutters in place and bolted down, then did the same on the third floor. Once done they clambered out onto the platform. The view wasn’t so impressive at night. It was very dark, but their eyes were mostly adjusted already. They walked around the edge looking down the side.
“There” hissed Delta.
Zipper came over and looked cautiously over the edge. A dark shape was huddled on the ground next to another one, lying out prone. Zipper chuckled and the shape looked up suddenly, glinting in the dark hood. It grabbed the prone one and pushed it to its feet. The two stumbled off, the dazed one held up by the other.
They got to the low wall and were joined by two other long, low shapes.
“Vargr!” swore Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “No, they aren’t big enough. They’re just wolves.” The uninjured one flung the groggy one over the back of one of the wolves, leaped on the other one, and they sprinted off towards the woods. “Not that ‘just wolves’ is a good thing.”
Zipper snapped her fingers. “You were right about the woods.” She put her fists on her hips. “I bet those are the two who were watching us last night. I hope he broke his back.”
“Goblins”, said Delta, watching the woods closely. “Goblins ride wolves.”
Zipper digested this for a while. They were just characters in stores where she had grown up. “Have you fought them?” asked Zipper, curious.
“No”, said Delta. “But the brigade had, before my time. They got hired to clear some out up north near the mountains. They’d come raiding down on wolf back to snatch and grab what they could, when the winter was bad.”
“It’s spring” Zipper pointed out.
“Yep”, said Delta. “Which means they aren’t desperate. Which means there are probably a lot more than two.” She hadn’t taken her eyes off the forest.
Zipper looked back to the woods, dubiously. “So how did they tackle them?”
“They skipped trying to protect the town. Infantry can’t out-maneuver cavalry. So, they tracked them back to their base camp. Set upon them during the light, which they didn’t like. The goblins were poorly armed and armored and couldn’t really stand up to an organized attack. The brigade’s aim was to do enough damage to them before they scattered so they would reconsider which village they raided.” Delta pursed her lips. “I’m not sure that helps us here.”
“I think it helps plenty”, said Zipper. “They’re wimps. We just have to bloody their nose a bit, and they’ll run off and leave us alone.”
“Well, I think we’re going to get a chance to find out”, said Delta. Several shapes had detached themselves from the trees to meet the ones coming in. A discussion was clearly taking place. At the end of it, one of them took out a horn and let sound a few notes in a pattern.
“That can’t be good”, said Zipper.
Delta grimaced. “They’ve decided they don’t need stealth anymore. It also means there are more.”
“Crap”, said Zipper. The mounted shapes moved out, heading to take up station on their perimeter. “We’re silhouetted up here. Shouldn’t we hide, or put up fake people?”
Delta looked around the platform. “If they’ve been following us, they know exactly how many of us are here. That’s probably why they’re being so bold.”
They circled the platform, testing the boards for sturdiness. The windmill’s axle could be turned to face the wind, and it pivoted on rollers that rolled across the platform. So, the platform was quite sturdy.
“We’re actually in a pretty good position”, concluded Delta. “We’ve got good sight lines in all directions. If they try to climb up, they’ve got the same problem as the one you knocked off.” Zipper chuckled again. “The bottom is stone so they’re going to have a hard time if they try to fire us out. It would take a while to burn through the big door downstairs.” She tapped her lip. “Let’s get anything heavy we can find up here, to thrown down on climbers. Also fill any tubs we have with water. If they do try to fire the door we can make it tough.”
“I’ll get the bow as well”, said Zipper.
“I thought you said you were terrible at it”, said Delta.
“I am!” said Zipper. Then she tapped her nose. “But they don’t know that.”

Chapter 7 – Battle on High
There were another couple of horn cries over the next several hours. For some they could hear return peals.
Zipper and Delta staged what they could atop the windmill. There was a collection of sturdy furniture, bags of flour, and whatever basins and buckets they could find, filled with water. It had been tiring work, and they each caught snatches of rest in turn.
Around midnight there were loud cries carried to them by the wind from the forest. Half the pickets had withdrawn, and there was a lot of movement in the forest eaves.
“Sounds like they are already celebrating”, said Zipper, glumly.
“If I had a keg of brandy, I’d roll it out for them”, said Delta. “Overconfident troops make mistakes.”
Zipper looked at the stars. “It’s still a long time until sunrise.”
“I guess we’ll just have to bloody a few noses”, said Delta.
The ruckus raised in pitch. They could hear the distant clash of spear on shield.
“Burn that energy”, said Delta. “Come to us drunk and tired.”
“Does seem kind of wasteful”, said Zipper. She looked around suspiciously. “Weren’t there four pickets left?”
Delta’s head whipped around. The wolf and rider furthest from the front were missing.
“You have any schooling?” asked Delta moving from side to side. The large dome housing the main gears for the windmill was in the center of the platform, obscuring their view of the far side.
“Some”, said Zipper, confused.
“Stand near the edge there and recite something”, said Delta. She took her glaive by near the head and crept quietly to one side.
“One and one are two?” said Zipper, hesitantly. Then “Two and two are four”, more conversationally. “Four and four are eight!” she said like it was the biggest joke ever.
Delta had decided if she were going to sneak up on someone at the top, she would come up on the side opposite the forest, then creep around to where the transverse axle connected to the blades, since there was the most cover there. So, she crept around the far side and hugged the curve closely. It was always better to assume your enemy was smarter than you. It was just less embarrassing in the end.
And then she saw it. A hooded head was just raising itself over the edge. Not seeing anything immediate, two clawed hands reached further up and pulled it halfway over the edge. Delta kept as still as she could, but the goblin only spared a glance to that side of the dome. It was fixed mostly on the main axle, and the wheeled support that cradled it and allowed it to pivot around the platform. It pulled itself the rest of the way onto the platform and began to slink in that direction.
Delta had never seen a goblin before, and she wasn’t quite sure this counted as seeing one now. It wore a hood, which came down over its shoulders. Its clothes were dark and tight, covering a small frame, about the size of a dwarf, but much slighter.
She gave it time to progress to its target, creeping around the center dome just enough to keep the goblin in sight. She wanted to give it just enough time… there it was. The goblin had stiffened and strained forward. It had just noticed Zipper was alone. It whipped around just as Delta was closing the distance on it.
“Surprise!” shouted Delta and lunged at it with her glaive. The goblin leaped to the side and eeled under the axle, putting it between them. Delta struck several times over and under the bar, keeping the goblin engaged in dodging her.
Until thunk, Zipper’s spear caught it flat in the back. “Surprise, surprise”, chortled Zipper.
The goblin fell to the ground, breath knocked out of it. The two mercenaries held their pole arms ready, waiting for its next move. They saw the goblin’s breathing start up again, and it looked desperately from one to the other. It then sprang out of its curled-up position, not at either of them, but along the shaft. It leapt from the edge, trying for one of the windmill sails. Delta was quicker and slashed the goblin in mid leap, knocking it off its trajectory. It hit the sail hard, and failed to get a grip, wailing in a high-pitched shriek as it slid down the slats. It fell then, bounced against the side of the windmill, and landed with a solid thump on the ground.
“Two down”, said Zipper.
“Thirty more to go”, said Delta.
The ruckus in the forest had quietened with the shriek. It turned into more angry grumbling and the tromp of feet.
“Here they come”, said Delta. Dark shapes could be seen trudging up the hill toward them, ignoring the cover.
“But what are they going to do when they get here?” asked Zipper. “They look like spears to me.” Then she slapped herself. “Oh, yeah.” She put her spear down and picked up the bow. After three tries she got it strung and nocked an arrow. “Get ready to laugh”, she said.
Her arrow whipped out into the night, not aimed at any individual goblin, but at the general congregation of dark masses. Yelps and cries went up.
“Did I hit something?” asked Zipper, incredulously.
Delta peered out over the edge. “You didn’t need to.” The goblins had scattered from the dense formation to a broader one. Now they were clinging to every piece of cover they could find. “Just stand there silhouetted and make sudden moves now and again.”
“That works”, said Zipper.
“I just hope none of them have any bows”, added Delta.
“I just hope any they have are as bad as me”, said Zipper, in good cheer.
No archers materialized, and Zipper saved her few arrows for more opportune moments. It took them a while, but the goblins did eventually take the hill and an unruly mob gathered at the base of the windmill.
Before long they started beating on the main door. It crashed and reverberated up and down the windmill. Delta hooked her glaive on some of the support struts and used it to anchor her while she leaned far out to get a good look directly down.
“No one brought an axe”, she said. “The door is tough, but it’s not going to last forever.”
They picked up a solid oak bench they had lugged up to the top. They swung it between them and gave it just enough of an arc to clear the edge. It went crashing down below raising some satisfying howls from the goblins underneath. They stopped for a while, until they were sure there wasn’t anything else coming down, then started up again. After a couple more pieces of furniture they put a spotter out to watch and give a cry when the next piece came.
Zipper looked at the sack of flour and scratched her chin. “I have an idea.” She picked up a torch they had in reserve and handed it to Delta. “We’re not worried about archers, right?” Delta nodded. “Light that and hold it for me.”
Zipper moved the sack of flour to just above the door, and gently scored the side of it, not quite slitting the coarse fabric. She nudged the bag over the edge and leaned out to watch it fall. There was a warning cry from below, and then lots of shouts of alarm as the bag hit, and a huge cloud of flour dust went up. She grinned and motioned for the torch. Leaning out again, Zipper dropped it and then dove for cover.
There was a woomph and a flash of light as Delta watched a gout of flame shine from over the edge. Laughing hysterically Zipper pulled herself to the edge to look over. Screaming goblins were running all ways flapping around, crashing into things, and each other.
Delta looked at Zipper in alarm. “Did you serve with the Gnomes?”
Zipper laughed even more, then wiped tears from her eyes. “Let’s just say country life can get really, really boring. You would be surprised what you get up to for amusement.”
Delta looked over the edge again. “No fires. I’m not sure there are any bodies.”
Zipper shrugged. “The light probably upset them more than the fire. They’ll work out no one was hurt in a bit, I’m sure. But it might put the fear of Hearth Mother into them.”
The goblins did calm down in the end, but it took them over an hour to work up the nerve to approach the windmill. And, when they did, they had a few captains about to make sure none of them congregated too closely in one spot.
“I think they are going for the 1st floor door”, said Delta, after leaning out for a bit. “They’re forming a sort of pyramid to scale the side.” She looked about. “We should drop what we have and get down there.”
Zipper looked up at the stars and sighed. “We still have several hours before first light. Here’s to luck.”

Chapter 8 – Battle Down Low
The angle was difficult to hit the goblins flat up against the wall. But they did their best, dropped what they could, and then came back down the stairs.
The first-floor door opened into a corridor, on each side of which was a work room. Then it opened up into the wide kitchen with the central shaft going from ceiling to floor. They upended the kitchen table, which had been too heavy to lug up the stairs and put it flatwise against the corridor. They piled what they could on either side of it to hold it in place as a barrier to fight over. Lastly, they lit several oil lamps behind them. That provided them light to see by, but to see them the goblins had to look directly at them.
Zipper limbered up and tried a few thrusts with her spear. “It’s like a good tight shield wall. We don’t’ have to worry about flankers.”
Delta nodded, also testing ranges with her glaive over the barrier. “My trainer used to do something like this back in town.”
Zipper looked at her curiously, but the outer door started to splinter before she could ask anything. The goblins outside had smashed it enough to break the bolt, and now pried it open. With raucous shouts, several of them bundled into the corridor. They stopped short, seeing the defensive barrier, and collected themselves.
Spears were passed up and one of the larger ones stood forward. It howled loudly at them and bashed the floor several times with its spear.
“Is this supposed to impress us?” asked Zipper.
“I think it’s supposed to impress his friends”, said Delta.
The goblin paused in his war cry and struck a pose. Zipper blew a raspberry. There was some sniggering and the goblin made a great show of stomping down the corridor at them. He just came straight on at them, spear held firmly with no attempt to thrust for range. Zipper did a circle parry, deflected the point, and, a moment later, Delta thrust solidly at his faceplate. He howled again, with less bravado this time, and staggered backward. The blade hadn’t made it fully through the slot, but something had been hit and he retreated.
A second goblin took to the corridor. It howled as the first one did, but more briefly. It charged in the same way. Zipper casually did another circle bock and Delta followed through, with a good connection through the faceplate. This one let out a high-pitched scream, dropped its spear, and retreated clutching its face.
“What’s with these guys?” said Zipper. “Do they even train?”
Delta shook her head. “Don’t count on it working a third time.”
It didn’t. The next goblin edged forward much more carefully, and without any theatrics. They were ready for the circle block and merely feinted, and cross blocked Delta’s follow up strike with their haft. This sent Delta’s blade over their shoulder instead of into their faceplate. What they didn’t reckon on was the hook on the back of Delta’s glaive. She turned the blade 180 degrees and then pulled it back, hooking the goblin’s back and pulling it forward, off balance. Zipper had slid her spear back, and then thrust again, catching it solidly in the upper chest. It went down with angry screaming and had to be pulled out by its colleagues.
There was a standoff for a while after that. This was clearly not what the goblins had in mind. A captain had arrived, they judged, based on the way the others deferred to them. It directed several of them to attack at once, trying to mimic the tactics that Zipper and Delta used. It did make things harder, but they hadn’t practiced this sort of close formation fighting, and Delta had a much better reach than they did. After losing a few more, the captain left to consult with someone else.
“This is going better than I expected”, said Zipper.
“What did you expect?” asked Delta.
“To be dead by now”, said Zipper. Delta laughed hollowly. “Do you think they’re set for now?”
Delta looked at their opponents critically. None of them looked too willing to charge in without their officer giving them specific motivation. “I think they’re happy to just glare at us for now.”
Zipper propped her spear, popped off her chinstrap, and dunked her head in a bucket. “Bleah!” she cried. “Hot work, this.” With a wary eye on the goblins she lifted it, poured some down her front, and drank a healthy portion. She then slid her helmet back on. “Your turn.”
Delta grunted, and cautiously, took her own helm off, slicked her hair back, and drank her fill. The goblins watched them closely during all of this but didn’t make any aggressive moves. Delta moved the bucket back and forth and the goblins watched it, mesmerized.
“I think they’re really thirsty”, said Zipper.
“After that climb and the workout we’ve been giving them, I’m not surprised”, said Delta. She put the bucket down and the goblins looked disappointed. They both looked at the bucket and back at the goblins.
“You said you’d roll them out a keg of brandy if we had it”, said Zipper.
“That was not out of sympathy”, said Delta. “I’m not sure making them happy and refreshed is in our self-interest right now.”
“We’re all troops on the line”, said Zipper. “Just because we’re trying to kill each other doesn’t mean we have to be inhumane.” Delta looked very unsure. “It’s unlikely to turn the tide, and, a small act of kindness now might make them less inclined to hang us by our fingernails.”
Delta sighed deeply. “You’re right. It’s a small gamble and maybe the gods are looking.” She lifted the bucket by the rope handle, hooked it with her glaive. She raised it over the barrier and extended it out as far as she could down the corridor, placing it on the floor.
The goblins looked at the bucket, at them, and at each other. One sidled forward, and when not skewered, pulled the bucket back, then they took their helmets off, and used them to scoop up and guzzle water. They gave them a grin.
That changed quickly when the captain turned up. It screamed something at them, and they stood bolt upright, and jammed their half-filled helmets on their heads. It screamed at them some more, shouted out to people outside, and glared angry daggers at Zipper and Delta.
“What’s his beef?” said Zipper.
“He might think it was poisoned”, said Delta.
The captain was now slapping the troopers around with his hands and pushing them out the door. Then it stood there glaring at the two of them for a while until another goblin arrived.
This one was clearly a chief. It had better armor than the rest, and more ornamentation, including some gold flashing. The two grunted at each other briefly, and the Chief examined the bucket, and the barricade. With a long-suffering sigh, it pushed forward into the corridor. It moved the bucket to the halfway point, and to one side. It then sat cross legged on the floor and pulled out a leather bundle. It untied this and rolled it out on the floor, exposing what looked much like their own dried rations. Then it just sat, hands on its knees, glaring at them.
“This is very strange”, said Zipper.
“Yeah”, said Delta. “It’s like he’s inviting me to tea in the middle of the battle.”
“That could be it”, said Zipper. “Might be a tribal thing. We showed them hospitality, now they have to return it.”
“That’s messed up”, said Delta. “But we’d be stupid to say no.” She passed her glaive to Zipper and cautiously started sliding the kitchen table to the side. “Cover me.”
Zipper watched, with many misgivings, as Delta moved carefully into the corridor, and sat opposite the goblin.
Staring her in the eye with great malice the goblin reached for his belt. Delta tensed, seeing the dagger there, but instead it unsnapped a tin cup. It dipped this into the water and drank. It then said something with the intonation of a ritual, picked up a pinch of dried food, ate it, then looked at her expectantly.
Zipper slid out a tankard, and Delta used this to drink some water herself, and then took a pinch of food. “Martius!” she swore, “this is spicy!” She took more water, momentarily off guard. She could see the goblin’s lips almost twitch.
“Is that fruit still soaking?” asked Delta. “Pass it up.”
Zipper did so, carefully, and Delta set the plate out on the ground. “May Hearth Mother bless this provenance she has provided” she said. She picked up a pinch and put it in her mouth.
The goblin leaned forward and took its own pinch. It seemed a bit surprised at it when it put it in its mouth and chewed carefully. It grunted once, intoned something else, and then rolled up its leather again.
“Sky Father shine upon us and our journey forward”, said Delta, picking up her portion and standing as well.
When everything was put away the chief glared intently at Delta. It then said, “Who you?” in a heavy accent.
Delta looked surprised, then slowly reached for her belt pouch. She took out a small linen card and held it out to him. “Wight’s Brigade” she said, pointing to the coat of arms on her surcoat and the card. The goblins lips moved as it looked at the card. It grunted and found a place for it. Then it sighed deeply and walked off. The captain glared at them as well, and likewise left.
“So, do we go back to killing each other?” said Zipper, as Delta returned, and they dragged the kitchen table back across the entrance.

Chapter 9 – Unexpected Discovery
The killing did not resume. A good time after the goblins left the corridor, Delta ventured forward and closed the door. The two returned to their positions and slept on and off for the rest of the night. But there was no further attack.
When the sun crested the horizon, they had a good long look from the platform. There was some detritus and litter from what they had flung, but no sign of the goblins. “That was an awfully funny bloody nose”, commented Zipper.
Delta shrugged. “I guess the gods were watching. Or something like that.”
They went back down and had their breakfast and straightened up what they could. Delta slowly wrote a long report to add to the drop box to account for their actions. “Bureaucrats like this sort of thing”, said Delta, after reading it to Zipper.
Then it was time to see to the animals. Delta wrenched the outer door open, and Zipper got the cart ready.
“D?” asked Zipper, questioningly. “No one got in, right?”
Delta was pushing the door with her shoulder. All the battering and activity last night cluttered the swing path of the door and it was giving her a hard time. “Not down here, no.”
“Then why are the bodies moved around?” asked Zipper.
Delta looked up, distracted, and slightly annoyed. “Eh? Dead bodies don’t move.”
“This guy, with the scar on his forehead, was the other way around”, insisted Zipper.
“It probably shifted as we were moving”, said Delta, getting back to the door.
“You can’t shift 180 degrees”, said Zipper.
“Then your memory shifted”, said Delta. “Just make sure they’re tied down and come down and help me with this.”
Zipper sighed, fixed up the tarp, and came down. Together they were able to get the door open, and the cart backed out. They got their own stuff down from above and stowed. Zipper had difficulty harnessing up the mules.
“Come on Awesome”, she cajoled. “Stop being so jumpy.” She tried to get the bridle on him, but he kept backing away and thrashing around. “Something’s got him spooked.”
Delta climbed the wagon and did a quick look around. “Maybe one of the wolves from last night is still hanging around.”
“Why would they stick around in the daytime?” asked Zipper.
“Dunno”, said Delta. “Leave the bridles. Let’s just get them harnessed up and we’ll do a quick pass.”
The donkeys were not happy, but it was harder for them to duck out of the shoulder harnesses. The two grabbed their weapons and started making a circuit around the windmill.
Right under the blade structure they stopped when there was a low growling sound. “Wolf”, confirmed Delta, crouching down low. She could see the shape hunkered down under some bushes. “There’s something else there too.”
Zipper got down on all fours. “Goblin”, she said. “Probably that scout that leapt off the roof. I guess their wolves are loyal unto death. Might explain why they didn’t cart the body off like the rest.”
“It’s not dead”, said Delta. She had squatted down like Zipper. “It’s watching me.”
“Oh”, said Zipper. They watched for a while. “What do we do now?”
Delta fidgeted. “It doesn’t seem right to just leave it here.”
“I wouldn’t want to die like this”, said Zipper.
“We’re turning into terrible sops. First, we give water to a thirsty enemy. Now we can’t put a downed one out of their misery”, said Delta.
“Well, it worked out last time.” Zipper stood up. “Let me see if I can get the wolf away. She disappeared around the curve of the windmill while Delta continued to watch. It wasn’t long before she came back with a shallow bowl of water. Slowly, she eased forward, making cooing noises and holding the water at her furthest reach. Then she backed off.
The wolf growled a lot, but then edged forward and lapped at the water. When it had finished, Zipper edged forward again. The wolf was alert but did not growl. She retrieved the bowl, and then held it out towards the goblin. When the wolf didn’t start baring its teeth again, she edged closer. Eventually she got it close enough to the goblin’s lips to tip a few sips in. The goblin slurped at it, tried to move to a better position, then groaned and subsided.
“We’ve got to check it out”, said Delta. She moved in, slow as Zipper, on the other side. The wolf actually backed off a bit to give her room.
“Smart fellow isn’t it?” said Zipper.
The goblin appeared to have fainted. They started to cut free its outer garments. “Not a lot of blood”, said Delta. “Internal injuries. That’s not good.” The knife founds something hard to cut. “A mail hauberk? Fancy.”
“I got thongs on this side”, said Zipper. She cut them free and Delta peeled back the mail. Then they both stopped.
“It’s a she”, said Delta.
“So are we”, said Zipper, after a moment. “It doesn’t make her less hurt.”
Delta grunted and resumed work. They started washing her down, trying to judge the extent of the injuries. She had soiled herself, which wasn’t fun to clean up. But they did it anyway.
The goblin regained consciousness and looked at them blearily. Delta gently probed the parts of her body and noted when she whimpered. When they had her mostly clean, they wrapped her up again with the best parts of her clothes.
“It doesn’t look good”, said Delta, grimly. “I think she broke her back in the fall. I’ve only done a little medic stuff, but I’d say she’s probably paralyzed from the waist down. Certainly, she doesn’t feel anything down there.” She shook her head. “I figured we’d make her comfortable, let her sleep it off, and then catch up with her folk when she felt better. But now I figure they left her behind because of this.”
“We can work a litter up from the smashed furniture”, said Zipper.  “You’re supposed to keep someone with broken bones rigid, right? So, they heal proper?”
Delta nodded. “I don’t think there’s any healing from this. But, yeah, might as well.” She looked over at the wagon. “Worst case, it’s just one more body on the cart.”
The wolf was somewhat nervous when they bundled the goblin up. They weren’t sure how much the goblin was taking in, but it seemed more relaxed when they wrapped a blanket around her. In one of her better moments she made some tongue clicking noises to the wolf, and it settled down considerably.
It took the two of them to get her strapped down on top of the wagon, with her hood back over her head, since she really didn’t seem to like the light. The wolf paced below while they did this, to the great agitation of the donkeys. Then, when they climbed down again, it gave a great leap onto the top and settled down next to the goblin.
They looked from the sitting wolf to the donkeys and back. “How do you think the donkeys will take that?” asked Delta.
Zipper looked at them with a sneer. “I don’t rightly care. They’ve been nothing but a pain in the neck so far. Maybe they’ll go faster this way.”
 
The donkeys did, indeed, go faster. Given their late start, they needed to make up time anyway. The road continued to be poor but wound through the hills where the vegetation was sparser. Delta didn’t have to resort to bushwhacking with her glaive.
They spotted a well around midday and filled up their skins. Delta took some water up to the goblin. “How’s she doing?” asked Zipper.
“Sleeping”, said Delta. “They’re nocturnal, so she’s got to be exhausted.”
“Is she going to make it?” asked Zipper.
Delta sighed. “Probably. Possibly.” She shrugged. “I think if she was really busted up inside, she would be dead by now. But I don’t really know.”
“It was the right thing to do”, said Zipper, as much to herself as to Delta. “Mom always said to do by people the way you’d like to be done by. I figure she would approve.” She swallowed water. “Dad would think I’m nuts.”
Delta shook her head. “It’s like battle. What’s done is done. We just have to worry about what’s next. Right now, that’s simple, we just keep driving. We’ll have to see what the Montihouse troops think of this when we get there.”
 
The troops were not impressed at all.
“You’ve got a wagon load of dead bodies, a goblin and a wolf?” said the gate Sargent, unbelievingly. “I’ve got to see what the Lieutenant thinks of this.”
They had arrived just after dark. It was a pretty low-grade fort, not in the best of condition. The full complement of fifteen or so troops had turned out to watch. This appeared to be the most excitement they had seen in a while. Uniforms seemed optional.
The Lieutenant didn’t seem impressed much either. “So, let me get this right, the usurpers paid you, paid you, to haul a bunch of dead bodies here to bother us with? What, are they riddled with the plague?”
“Yes, sir”, said Delta. “No sir. Meaning, yes, they paid us to see them home. And no, they’re battle dead, not plague dead. We fought next to them.”
“But you didn’t go down”, sneered the Lieutenant.
“Martius’s luck”, shrugged Delta. The Lieutenant poked and peered under the tarp. “The prepped them as honorably as they could, sir. Put some sort of preserve spell on them so they could get back to their loved ones for a decent burial.”
“Good propaganda, that”, said the Lieutenant, sarcastically. The troops sniggered.
“They seemed to put great stock in that”, said Delta. Then, hurriedly, “not that I’m defending them, just that I’m sure that if our dice toss comes up ones, we’d rather we got back to be buried in one piece. They care enough to do that, and to hire guards so the bodies wouldn’t be looted.”
“Is that so?” said the Lieutenant, peering closer. He then turned and looked closely at Delta. “They’ve got their gear? Personal effects?” Delta nodded. He broke into a grin. “Well, we’ll have to see all that in the light of day. Make a proper accounting and all. Sargent! Park the cart with the rest, see our guests here to the supply tent. They can kip out there.”
“What about the wolf and goblin, sir?” asked the Sargent.
The Lieutenant was already walking off. “Let them keep their pets if they want. If they cause any trouble, kill them.”

Chapter 10 – Open-mindedness
Delta started awake in the middle of the night with a hand clamped over her mouth. She froze, instantly alert, heart racing. It was mostly dark, with just dim light from the burned down campfire the troops in the fort had set. She did not feel a knife at her throat, but there was a man crouched over her. He was too close to see more than a homespun covered shoulder. Past him she could see their goblin, still lying where they had put her litter down and made her comfortable. But she was awake, alert, and watching intently.
“Are you under bond to the troops of this fort?” the man whispered in her ear. She shook her head slightly to say ‘no’. “Then the Reformed Army of the Empire of Romitu would like to extend your contract by a day”, he said. Taking his hand from her mouth he leaned back. Delta looked at him, greatly surprised. He had the look of a soldier. Probably an officer, given his quiet confidence. It was the situation that was completely unreal.
“Let me consult my troops”, whispered Delta back. The man grinned, nodded, and edged back to the far side of the tent.
Delta glanced over at the goblin, and then went about waking up Zipper. It took a few goes, but she groggily came awake. Delta rubbed her eyes with some water left over in a cup and managed to keep her quiet. “There’s a man here with an offer”, she whispered.
Zipper looked up blearily at the man, barely illuminated by the low firelight. Then she sat bolt upright and grabbed at Delta. “Ya ya ya”, she sputtered. Delta tried to avoid being toppled over and Zipper squirmed all over her. “It it it…” she tried to say.
“Calm down”, hissed Delta. “And don’t make any noise. What’s the problem?”
Zipper stared wide eyed at the man, still clutching Delta in a death’s grip. “That’s the body that moved!” she hissed out.
The man broke into a broader grin. Delta’s eyes narrowed. “What exactly do you want us to do?” she demanded, in a slightly louder tone.
The man made placating gestures. “Your mission is to stay in this tent until dawn. Standard rates.”
Delta looked extremely skeptical. Zipper was still breathing fast.
“I’ll also cash out your promissory payment”, said the man.
Delta slumped. “OK. Fine. Just get out of here. You’re freaking out my troops.”
The man grinned again, nodded, and quietly ducked out of the camp flap.
“What the Grave Keeper was that?” asked Zipper.
“I have no idea”, said Delta. She looked over at the goblin, but she just stared back. “But the man wants to pay us to sit still.”
Zipper sat up and calmed her breathing. Then she started reaching for her kit. “If we’re on-duty, we should be in uniform”, she said quietly. “Even if we don’t leave the tent, something may come to us.” She snorted. “And I’m certainly getting no more sleep tonight.”
Delta nodded and followed suit.
They passed the water and what food they had to the goblin, who still winced when she moved. The wolf had snuggled up against her and appeared grateful for the water.
After some time, they heard quiet footsteps. Many of them. They heard a few solid thumps and bodies being lowered to the ground. Zipper looked at Delta questioningly, but she shrugged and just listened more intently.
A bit later they heard a crash from the far side of camp, and then a hue and cry. After that things got louder and more confusing. There were shouts, cries, and the sound of fighting. It rose and fell and moved from one side of the camp to the other.
But, over time, the sounds became less frequent. As the light of pre-dawn lit things up better, they could hear people speaking louder with more confidence. A full search of the camp seemed to be in progress.
“Did our side win?” asked Zipper.
Delta shrugged. “I’m not sure which is our side.”
“The side paying us to stay in here”, said Zipper.
“Well, they haven’t searched here, so I guess so”, said Delta.
About another hour passed and they could hear orders being given, troops trudging around, and the grumble of prisoners. They recognized the Lieutenant’s raised voice in a heated discussion in the distance but couldn’t make out the details.
Then there came a scratching at their tent flap, and it was lifted. The man came in, bringing three plates of food and a jug. He put them down before them and sat there.
Zipper eyed him narrowly, in particular the scar on his forehead. “You. You’re the moving body.”
He grinned and waggled his finger at her. “You are very observant. Second Lieutenant Tancredi, at your service.” He did a mock bow.
“That was no preserve spell”, said Delta.
“I can’t answer that question”, laughed Tancredi. “But, business.” He pulled out a coin purse. Delta did likewise. She handed over the three brass promissory coins and he exchanged them for silver shillings. He then counted out two more. “And for your services this morning…”
“Three”, said Delta.
The man shook his head. “We don’t negotiate prices. One shilling per person per day.”
“Three people”, said Delta, looking over at the goblin. “This is our latest recruit.”
The man raised an eyebrow. “Have you got paperwork on that?”
Delta shrugged. “Not yet. We haven’t been able to register it yet.”
“Fortunately”, the man said, “I did some time in the admin corps. I can process that for you if you like.” He looked at her coolly.
“Thank you”, said Delta, evenly. “I would be most grateful.”
 “Have you actually asked her”, said Tancredi, sorting through a wallet for some clean paper.
“I believe we have an understanding”, said Delta.
He found what he was looking for, smiled thinly, and turned to the goblin. “Uekskfuedhoullfaerkaegh kfonllo dhor igzknifouvang ounghensuedh a. Ksuegnuedzrruerroerr a raegueuesrri?”
They all looked surprised, not least the goblin. She coughed and said something haltingly back. He continued to speak as he filled out the paperwork, and she seemed to follow with difficulty. When he was done, he had her make her mark on the form, as well as Delta. He passed to Delta the finished papers and the additional silver coin. She passed it over to the goblin who stared wide eyed at it.
“That was good work you did back at the mill”, he said, more seriously. Then he grinned when he saw Zipper’s look. “The spell doesn’t stop me seeing and hearing what’s going on. And, yes, I did get up when it looked like the mission might be threatened.” He nodded to them. “But you pulled it off.” He stared directly at Delta. “The language that I’ll use in the report is ‘above and beyond’. It will go on your record.”
Delta nodded. “Wight’s Brigade is always happy to provide the best service possible.”
The man shrugged. “Unfortunately, we don’t have any duty for you right now. But I’ll put in a good word with the local Lieutenant and suggest you would be an excellent choice to hire as escort.” He then made to go.
“Wait”, said Zipper. “Do you speak Goblin?”
Tancredi dusted himself down. “I picked up some Troglodyte where I’m stationed. It’s close, and many goblins speak it anyway.”
“What’s her name?” asked Zipper.
The man smiled. “It’s on the paperwork.” He looked at his copy. “Gnewth yi Ngargla yip Sarthlaw”, he read. “That means Gnewth daughter of Ngargla, of clan Sarthlaw.” Zipper nodded.
“Oh”, he said, turning back. He had a ceramic flask with official lettering on it that he placed, carefully, on a crate in the corner. “I’m just going to mark this off inventory as used in the ambush. It’s sort of like thirty days of bedrest in a bottle.” He looked back at the goblin. “The new Empire is very open minded about citizenship.” He looked directly back at Delta. “And we’re very keen on seeing other people be equally open minded.” He grinned one last time and left.
They stared at the bottle for a moment. “That’s… a magic potion?” said Zipper. “Like, a real magic potion?”
Delta picked it up cautiously. “Looks like army surplus stuff.”
“People said they were rotten with magic, but… surplus potions?” said Zipper.
“Makes sense”, said Delta. “The flasks, the hotplates, that sort of stuff. This isn’t the result of stuffy wizards sitting in towers. They’ve made it part of their war machine.”
“Maybe that’s why they have the audacity to try to reclaim the entire Empire”, said Zipper. “What are we going to do with it?”
Delta looked at the goblin. “Give it to…” she looked for her copy of the paperwork.
“Gwen”, said Zipper. She pointed at the goblin. “Gwen” she repeated. The goblin nodded. “Sure”, said Zipper. “She’s one of us now.”
“Yes”, said Delta. “What’s done is done. Time to move forward.”
She squatted down next to Gwen. She showed her the bottle, the official writing, and the seal. She then mimed drinking. Gwen looked back at her, definite intelligence in the eyes, but also a lot of tiredness. She nodded once.
Zipper crowded in next to her. “What?” she asked. “I’ve never seen a magic potion before.”
Delta laughed. She split the seal on the bottle and removed the stopper. Nothing special emerged. She held it to the goblin’s lips, and she swallowed. She passed the empty bottle to Zipper, who examined it closely. 
“I’m gonna keep this”, said Zipper. “A genuine magic potion bottle!”
Delta eased Gwen back onto her palette. She had fallen straight asleep.

Chapter 11 – New Mission
The Imperialists had decided to lock down the camp. This was to allow more time for reinforcements to arrive and secure the fort. No one was to come or go. Zipper and Delta went back to sleep.
They woke up some time later in the afternoon. Gwen and her wolf were still asleep. “Let’s check out the camp”, suggested Delta.
The Imperialists were in good spirits, greeting the mercenaries cheerfully. Apparently, all the bodies in the cart had been aware and heard everything that had been going on. They were a lot more familiar with Zipper and Delta than they were with them. But most of them didn’t have a good view and wanted more details. Zipper was happy to oblige, embellishing the details extravagantly. The handful of recruits who had deserted from the Montihouse cause listened in amazement.
“Sounds like a good story”, said a sarcastic voice next to Delta. She turned and it was the Montihouse Lieutenant. He didn’t seem to be under any restrictions, other than missing his weapons.
Delta shrugged. “We got lucky.”
He grunted. “Lieutenant Bickerstaple”, he said by way of introduction. “I didn’t catch your name.”
Delta nodded. “Delta. I guess Captain Delta now. Wight’s Brigade.” She looked at the troops but was focused elsewhere. “The rest of the brigade was lost in the battle at Cleres. I kind of inherited the company.”
The Lieutenant nodded and spat. “I heard it was kind of a rout down there”, he said.
“I don’t think it was that bad”, said Delta. “The line got disrupted and everyone was split. I ended up in the smaller half and got caught. The larger half ran off.”
“They killed the Count”, said Bickerstaple.
Delta looked at him quizzically. “Are you sure?” She nodded at Zipper. “I would have expected to hear the bragging over that.”
“He made it back to Montihouse and died of his injuries”, said Bickerstaple.
“Ah”, Delta nodded. “May Grave Keeper guide his soul.”
“Well”, said Bickerstaple, sighing. “He’s got a daughter. I’ve heard she’s taken command. The fight continues.” He shook his head. “Good for business, eh?”
Delta grimaced. “I’d be happiest with simple garrison duty.”
“How about guard duty?” he asked.
She looked back at him, appraising. “Lieutenant Tancredi said you might want an escort.”
He spat again. “They’re letting us go, but without our ‘instruments of war’, as they put it. You, yourself, have seen that there are wild things about. My men are… well, maybe not good, but they’re fighters. But you can’t do much with just harsh language. So, yeah, having a couple of poles to make brigands think twice is worth promising you the Count’s gold.”
Delta nodded. “How many?”
“Seventeen, including me”, he said.
“Any wounded?’ she asked.
“None that can’t walk”, he answered.
“One of ours is down. We’ll need help with that”, said Delta.
“That goblin?” he sneered. “I don’t think so. Just gut it and leave it.”
“She’s one of my troops”, said Delta, matter-of-factly. “Got the paperwork here. Irregular cavalry.” She looked him in the eye. “If you hire us, you hire all of us.”
The Lieutenant met her gaze for a while, then looked away. “Suit yourself.” He nodded towards the Imperialist Lieutenant, who was listening to Zipper’s tale from the edge and laughing. “Mr. High-and-Mighty says we can go tomorrow. If we leave at first light, we can probably make it all the way down to Montihouse before dark.”
“Sounds good”, said Delta. “We’ll be ready. Do you want me to see how many canteens and rations I can talk them out of, or do you want to handle it?” she said.
He spat and glowered. “You do it. Talking to these smug bastards leaves a bad taste in my mouth.”
 
Lieutenant Tancredi was pretty easy going about extra rations. He was happy to let her take as much as they could carry. Other than a dig about how he expected the others wanted it more for selling on the sly than to keep them fortified for their one-day hike, he gave her free reign.
When Zipper eventually ran down, Delta collected her and reported to the mess hall to help with dinner.
“Why do we have to help?” complained Zipper.
“One: Cooking is better than cleaning”, said Delta. “Two: we need to get an early start tomorrow. Three: if they accept our offer to help, then they won’t ask if they should be feeding us at all.”
“Hmm”, mused Zipper. “That last point is certainly worth peeling a few turnips over.”
Their help was much welcome, and they were delighted to have volunteers, which saved them the trouble of cajoling others. It drove from their minds the question of if they should be feeding people not on their payroll.
But they quickly and efficiently got the job done and left the complaining about the quality of the food, the facilities, and everything else to the regulars.
They were sent on their way with extra portions, scraps, and a skin of wine with thanks from the rest.
“Well, it’s not their usual quality, but they made up for it in quantity”, said Zipper. “I’m not sure even I can eat the rest you’re bringing.”
“Have you forgotten”, said Delta. “We’ve got more mouths to feed.”
Zipper slapped her forehead. “Why yes, that fact did seem to have left my tiny little mind.” She chewed her lips. “I hope she’s all right. We should have checked in on her.”
“I did a few hours ago”, said Delta. “While you were holding forth.”
Zipper grinned sheepishly. “I don’t get to play the hero all that often.”
“She was sound asleep then, it’s a lot darker now”, said Delta. The sun had set during dinner, but there was still light in the sky. “Let see how she’s doing now.
They opened the tent flap and looked around. Gwen was sitting cross legged against the central pole, with her wolf sitting, alert, next to her. Delta smiled and, slowly, moved forward with the plate of food out, and put it on the ground in front of her. Gwen stared at the two of them impassively but did a quick side glance at the food.
“How about I just leave the tent flap open”, said Zipper, “Instead of lighting a lamp.”
“Good idea”, said Delta. She bent down again and put a plate of scraps and bones in front of the wolf. Its ears pricked up and it made a little whine in its throat. It looked from the bowl to Gwen expectantly.
Gwen looked at Delta hard, and then sighed. She nodded to the wolf and made a clicking sound. It jumped on the bowl and immediately started crunching the bones.
Delta sat in front of Gwen, in a similar position, although her knees didn’t really want to bend like that. Zipper just sprawled nearby. “You should eat it while it’s warmish”, she said. “I can’t vouch for it once it goes cold.” She made hand gestures to emphasize her point.
Gwen leaned forward, still watching them closely, and picked up the bowl. She smelled it, then picked out a chunk of something. She put it in her mouth, chewed a bit, looked stoic, and swallowed.
“Ah”, said Delta. She moved to the side, rummaged around in her pack, and pulled out a belt and pouch. She then put them down next to Gwen.
Gwen eyed them, put the bowl down, and picked up the stuff. She drew a knife from a sheath attached to the belt. She looked at them again, measuringly. She then examined the pouch, and found it as she left it, with the addition of her mercenary registration papers.
Delta pointed at the papers, and pointed at the knife, and then the rest of them. “You’re one of us now.”
“Welcome to the tribe!” said Zipper, cheeringly.
Gwen put the pouch to one side, picked up the bowl, and began eating with the knife.
Delta filled in Zipper on the morning’s assignment and added some speculation about the Lieutenant and that Montihouse had a new Countess.
When Gwen had finished, Delta patted her knee. “Let me check you over quick and see how magic that potion was.”
Gwen looked at her, put the bowl down, and kind of sagged. Delta sighed and helped straighten her legs out.
“It didn’t fix her legs?” asked Zipper. Delta shook her head. “When she was sitting up like that, I thought for sure it had.”
“It’s not something fixed by bed rest”, said Delta. She had eased Gwen down into a prone position, and then started feeling parts of her body, from the extremities inwards. “The bruising is all gone”, she said, after examining under some of her clothes. “There’s your magic for you. The fact that she can move at all without screaming is a miracle in and of itself.” She found something to use as a bedpan, which Gwen did with great embarrassment.
Zipper emptied it without a word and started rummaging in her pack when she came back. “I have some spare stuff in here”, she said. “She’s more my height than yours.” Gwen’s clothes had been pretty messed up between the damage she took falling and having them cut off of her. Zipper was a lot stockier than her, but height wise was a pretty good fit. “I’ll stash these and see what I can do with them. I’m not a genius with a needle, but I can do basic stitching.”
When Gwen got over her embarrassment, she looked on with surprise as they fussed over getting her gear sorted. They got enough clothes for her to be covered and made sure the belt worked over it. The hood was the only original part still in good condition. It was full dark now, and they closed the tent flap and did light a lantern, but they placed it behind a crate so there was only low lighting.
“Now that’s settled”, said Delta, she had sat back down, although not cross legged this time. Gwen was propped back up against the tent pole. Zipper was putting her pack back together. “Gwen”, said Delta, making sure that the goblin understood that was her name. “Delta”, she said putting her hand on her chest.
“Zip, Zipper or Z!” said Zipper, her own hand on her chest.
“Let’s not confuse her”, said Delta. “Zip”, she said, placing her hand on Zipper’s chest. She then drew a circle around them all. “Wight’s Brigade.”
Delta patted her glaive. “Glaive. This is mine. This is what I fight with.”
Zipper followed suit. “Spear! Zip Spear.”
Delta then pulled out the bow they had been given by the Imperialists. “Bow”, she said, and laid it out in front of Gwen. “Arrows”, she added, putting out the four arrows they had left. “Gwen?”
The goblin picked up the bow, cautiously. Zipper showed her how to string it, which was a bit tricky from a seated position. But once strung, she could draw it. Careful to only draw the bow back a little, they showed her how to throw an arrow across the tent.
Delta patted her pouch with the papers. “Wight’s Brigade”, she said. She pointed at Zipper and herself. “We’re going to sleep now”, she mimed that. Then she pointed to Gwen and the bow. “You practice, see what you can learn.”
Gwen looked at her for a while, then nodded.

Chapter 12 – Troll Bridge
“Dwelta”, came a rasping voice that Delta didn’t recognize. She started up and looked into the face of Gwen looking over her. She blinked and sat up. She could hear people moving outside.
“Thank you”, she said to Gwen. She lifted the corner of the tent flap to confirm that it was just getting to before dawn. “Time to go”, she said. She started putting her things on, nudging Zipper now and again to get her started, and keep her going.
Gwen was scooting around using her arms and arching her back. Her gear was all ready to go. As Delta was finishing, and Zipper just starting, she snapped her fingers a few times. When she had Delta’s attention, she pointed at herself, then her eyes, and made a circle gesture around the camp.
“You want to scout things out?” said Delta. But she figured that wouldn’t get through, so she just nodded.
Gwen clicked to her wolf, who came over. Grabbing handfuls of fur, she pulled herself up on its back, and carefully positioned her motionless legs on each side.
“Am I still dreaming?” asked Zipper.
Delta grinned at Gwen and gave her a thumbs up. “Someone’s been practicing something”, she said. Gwen lips twitched almost in the start of a smile. Then she was out the door with her wolf.
“Having a nocturnal mounted silent scout could be pretty cool”, said Zipper, rubbing sleep out of her eyes. “If she comes back.”
Delta smiled. “Let’s hope what we’re offering her is better than what she would get back home.”
She finished pulling out the palettes of rations she had commandeered from the supply tent while Zipper finished getting ready. Lieutenant Bickerstaple was yelling his troops into order. His sergeant was one of the ones who deserted to the other side. When he saw Delta had staged the supplies, he started parceling them out to his troops.
“Where’s your casualty?” asked Bickerstaple when Zipper came out, and it was clear there was no one else in the tent.
“She recovered faster than we hoped. She’s out scouting”, said Delta. She watched the implications sink into the man. Then she smiled.
He ordered his men into a line and started them singing a patriotic Avenio song as they marched. Loudly.
Lieutenant Tancredi was at the gate to send them on their way. Bickerstaple ignored him, but Zipper waved as they left. “Good fortune go with you”, he called after them.
 
The going was simple enough. Even a bad road was fairly transversable when on foot. The fort was in the foothills and the county seat in the valley, so it was downhill as well.
Once the sun had come up, Gwen rejoined them. After a few tries Delta understood she was drawing her attention to a bridge that was ahead. She then mimed something with a fearsome growl under the bridge. Delta gave her a thumb’s up.
“Trouble” said Delta to Zipper. The two of them caught up with Lieutenant Bickerstaple at the front of the line. “The scout is back”, said Delta. He sneered. “She says there’s a troll under the bridge ahead.” His sneer vanished. He waved his troops to a halt and told them to take a break.
“There is a bridge up there”, he said. “There’s a gorge that cuts across the path.”
“Might just be best to avoid it”, said Delta. “Is there an easy way for men with packs to get around?”
He thought about it for a while. “Not that wouldn’t delay us past nightfall. I’m not sure we would want to be out here overnight.” He grinned. “Time for you guys to earn your keep.”
Delta grunted. “If it’s a troll, that’s going to be pretty tough to deal with. The two of us aren’t going to be able to kill it”, she said. “If we can find a goat between here and there, we could bribe it. But I’ve seen no livestock at all.” She scratched her chin. “We’ll have to try to drive it off. Ask your men to collect likely sticks and any dried grass they can. They don’t like fire, so if we can get them all torches, that might give it pause.”
Brickenstaple laughed. “I’ll see what I can get them to do.”
“Tell them it’s that, or we draw straws and feed one of them to it”, said Zipper. “Or, worse, give it our alcohol ration.” Brickenstaple shot her a dirty look. “Have you fought trolls?” asked Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “I’ve only heard stories around the campfire. If it’s really a troll, we don’t have a chance. I’m mostly hoping it is an ogre or small giant.”
“Have you fought ogres and giants before?” asked Zipper, in the same earnest voice.
Delta laughed. “I have as much experience fighting them as trolls. But it’s all the same: make them believe that it’s easier for them to go hungry than to mess with you.”
“So, give them a bloody nose?” said Zipper.
“Pretty much”, said Delta.
 
The gorge was a cleft cutting down between two of the hills. The winds tended to be from the west, and the rain brought up from the great lake that was the western boundary for Avenio fell on the highlands, and most of it from around here seemed to be channeled through this point. The road ran over it at the point where the sides weren’t that far apart. A single span crossed it made of two large trees hauled up from who knows where, and wooden planking set between them.
Gwen was with them, but her hood was pulled far over her face, and she mostly clung to her wolf, drowsily. She roused enough to confirm that this was the bridge she had been talking about.
Lieutenant Bickerstaple came up and planted his fists on his hips. “Well, they have some sort of half-arsed torches, for what that’s worth. What’s the plan?”
Delta and Zipper stood at one end of the bridge, just where the planking began. She could see why a creature of the mountains would like it. It was dark and damp underneath. And, of course, tasty meals tended to wander over it.
“Ask your men to sing, please”, said Delta.
“What?” asked Bickerstaple.
“Sing”, repeated Delta. “Like you did when you left the fort. Something loud and annoying.”
“Do you want to irritate the troll to death?” said Bickerstaple.
“Something like”, said Delta.
“I’m good at being irritating”, said Zipper. When Bickerstaple had left, she asked “So what’s the real plan?”
“Well, I want to make sure it is awake”, said Delta. “We try to bait it out, and then see if we can bloody its nose.”
“Hmm”, said Zipper. She handled her spear. “We have range, as long as we can keep it from closing.”
“Yes. Think of the bridge as a horizontal shield wall”, said Delta.
The troops had started singing. They were terrible. She let them get through a verse and then moved forward. With the butt end of the glaive, she beat on the boards of the bridge. Zipper followed suit, yelling as well.
After a minute or two of this, they could hear the timbers of the bridge creak. In the gaps between the planks they could sense something moving around under the bridge. But they could only see it silhouetted against the brighter background of the gorge. It was all shadow and they couldn’t get a good read on it.
“It doesn’t want to come up”, said Zipper, still banging on the slats.
Delta gritted her teeth. “It wants better bait. Cover me.”
She stepped gingerly out onto the bridge, keeping as close as possible to the center. Zipper hovered nearby, shifting the spear to the ready position, and no longer banging it. The thing under the bridge noticed and grew more agitated. Delta could feel the bridge sway as it moved its weight around, but it was playing pretty cautious.
So, she grew bolder. She stepped closer to the edge and jumped back. She kept the glaive at the ready but beat on the boards with the butt. Zipper nervously danced nearby, trying to be close enough to support her if anything happened, but far enough away so that her own steps didn’t add to the confusion.
With a great growl, the shape lurched to one side, and a huge, clawed, and hairy arm swiped the edge. Fortunately, the leg it was aiming for was the butt of the glaive. It clipped it but didn’t knock it out of Delta’s hand. Zipper did a step and thrust to try to hit it as it passed but missed.
Delta stepped back, but not too far back. She could see its weight shifting underneath. It really was like a great shield; feint to one side, strike for the other. It had positioned itself to do so, but didn’t strike, since Delta hadn’t overreacted.
Instead she went back to baiting it as she had before. Only now she had flipped her pole arm. Instead of slamming the planks with the butt, she beat the shaft just below the head on the edge of the bridge. This enticed a few more swings from it, but she couldn’t bring the blade back quickly enough to get a strike when it went for it.
“Coming up”, called out Zipper. When there was a pause, she raced out to the center of the bridge with Delta. “Let me bait it. You hook it. Then I’ll stab it.” Delta considered for a moment, then nodded.
They stood, hip to hip, and moved together. Oddly enough, the music helped. Zipper picked up on that and timed her movements to the verses. She took Delta’s place and beat on the edge. The spear wasn’t going to get stuck that way so she could use the very tip.
The creature sensed the additional presence and grew excited. It had stopped telegraphing it’s moves by growling but couldn’t resist this time. The paw came up and lashed out. Delta struck down, then pulled back, grabbing it as it passed. It nearly pulled the glaive from her grasp, but it was a practiced move for her, so she was braced and ready. While it was caught, motionless, Zipper thrust the spear. She didn’t do it at full extension since that would be too weak and was much more likely to be wrenched from her hand. It was a two-handed strike with a firm grip.
The spear tip bit into the arm just above the wrist and the creature let out a howl of pain. It broke free from the hook, causing another gash, and screamed at them from under the bridge. Delta and Zipper retreated to the center, and then to the end.
It growled and hissed at them, but it didn’t come up. “We’re lucky”, grinned Delta, “It’s an ogre.” Then she sobered. “A cagey one though”, she said. “But I think it’s used to catching goats. Let’s do that again but watch how it shifts its weight. I think it will try to fake us out and go for the back side.”
Zipper nodded. “I’m not so keen on playing the hero in real life. But let’s do this.”
Delta called out to the Lieutenant to keep them men singing. They sidled back onto the bridge and started up again with the banging. The monster growled low, and they could see it watching them through the slats as they watched it. When the chorus for the song kicked in, they started banging on the slats exactly as they had before. But their efforts were only for show; they saved their concentration for what the creature underneath was doing.
It rocked back and forth, watching their movements. They had a better feeling now for which bracing struts it was suspending itself from, and how the bridge swayed as it moved between them. It grew still for a moment and they could tell it was about to make its move.
It did, indeed, go for the far side. They both expected that and saw the bulk move at the last moment. It had lurched up, with a shoulder and half an ugly head peering over to get better reach and targeting. It’s huge length of arm swept the bridge from that side. Although the strike was expected, the greater reach took them by surprise.
Delta had been holding her glaive vertically, to allow her to strike in either direction. She didn’t resist letting the blow swipe her legs out from under her. She lifted them quickly so that they would just be swiped, and not caught. At the same time, she slammed her glaive down and caught the arm on the last half of its arc. She landed on her knees and leaned down on the glaive with all her weight, not just hooking it but also pinning it.
On the other side, Zipper had been banging on the edge, so her spear was not in a position for a quick strike. But the arm was pinned long enough, that she was able to pivot and get a clean stab on it once, and then twice.
The monster howled in rage and anger and the bridge creaked ominously as it shifted its weight. Zipper pulled back for a third strike and the creature roared, flung its other arm up, and started climbing onto the bridge.
“Get up! Get up! Get up!” cried Zipper, coming in close to Delta to give her cover. Delta stopped pressing on the glaive and, instead, used it to lever herself to her feet.  That gave the beast the freedom to get its bulk all the way onto the bridge.
It faced off against them flexing its arm but favoring the bleeding hand. It snarled at them, squinting in the bright light and took a step forward. Zipper and Delta stood side by side, poles at full extension, making jabs with them to make it think about keeping its distance. It took another step forward, testing the reach of its long arms against the reach of their poles.
“Torches!” shouted Delta.
The men had stopped singing and stood gaping at this creature from legends and tales their parents told them to frighten them into staying in their beds at night. Half their torches had gone out, and only one took a halfhearted step forward.
The ogre looked over its shoulder and squinted at the men. Then it turned back and laughed lowly. It flexed its shoulders again and cracked its neck. Its muscles tensed.
“It’s gonna charge”, said Zipper.
But then there was a twang and an arrow shot into view and stuck, quivering in the decking of the bridge. The ogre’s head snapped to look at it, and then it peered over its shoulder again.
“Hah!” cried Delta, and lunged forward striking at it, but not connecting.
“Yah!” screamed Zipper, a moment later, with an equally wild strike.
The ogre’s attention snapped back, but it took a step backwards to recover. The bowstring twanged again, and the ogre decided enough was enough. It jumped over the edge to swing back under the bridge. Only it grabbed the edge with its injured paw. There was another yelp as the claws slipped free and it fell, banging off the supports until there was a large thud as it hit bottom.
“Move it!” screamed Delta. “Get over! Now!”
Even so, the men didn’t immediately move. The Lieutenant started yelling at them, and Gwen, on the wolf, rocketed past.
Zipper and Delta started backing across to the other side, as the moans and wails grew in pitch from underneath. Then the men bolted, throwing down their torches and one of them even shucking their pack.
The two mercenaries held point on the far side until everyone was across. “Take them five minutes down the road and wait for us there”, said Delta, as the Lieutenant passed. He, at least, had the grace to look embarrassed.
They backed off to the rise, and stood watching for a minute or two, to see if the ogre was in a mood to pursue them. But it didn’t show its face.
“I can’t believe we did that”, said Zipper. “I can’t believe it worked.”
“Thanks to Gwen”, said Delta.
Zipper leapt on the goblin and hugged her tightly. “Oh gods! You were amazing! That was awesome!” Gwen was slightly alarmed, but quickly worked out this was a good thing. Zipper let go and laughed at the quiver. “She’s still got three arrows left!” She mimed pretending to fire the bow and Gwen nodded. “She’s a smart one!”
Delta smiled, then leaned forward and tapped Gwen’s belt purse, where she had stowed the silver shilling she had been given. “You’ve earned your pay.” Gwen nodded, and sat a little straighter.
“Now that the danger is past, we should go and wipe the bottoms of any of the babies we’re guarding”, said Zipper. “I’m sure some of them pooped their pants.” She shouldered her spear.
Delta did likewise, and Gwen pulled down her hood more fully as they entered the sunlight in the center of the road. They all stepped lightly.

Chapter 13 – Payment
The remainder of the march to Montihouse was subdued. The troops were rather in awe of the mercenaries, and more than a little ashamed at their own performance. Even Lieutenant Bickerstaple was uncharacteristically quiet, and deferentially polite to them when he did talk to them.
As they descended into the valley there were more signs of life. Livestock started to appear in pastures, and the fields were better tended. The farmhouses they saw were quite bustling with people. But they all stopped to watch as the troops marched past. Gwen and her wolf got a lot of attention, but nobody caused any trouble, seeing the troops.
Some of the crossroads had checkpoints at them, and Lieutenant Bickerstaple stopped to exchange news with a few of them. But as the day wore on, he cut the chit-chat as short as he could. The sun was quite low when the town of Montihouse came into view.
What also came into view was the makeshift huts and shelters around the town. “Now we know where all the people went to”, said Zipper. Delta nodded. There were a lot of people, but also a lot of troops. There was the same idle curiosity at their presence, especially for the wolf and goblin. Gwen was a lot more alert, now that it was getting dark, but she kept her hood well up.
The town didn’t have walls, but barricades had been set up and troops seemed on duty and enforced some sort of guidelines about who got in or out of the town. There was a bit of a hold up, just from congestion, when they got there.
There were those who had to leave the town by sunset, and those who were refused permission to enter and were loudly bitter about it. But there were also beggars, supplicating people for sustenance. Zipper nudged Delta at one point and nodded towards Gwen. The segment closest to the gate appeared to tacitly be reserved for veteran beggars. These were troops, still in some sort of uniform, who had lost limbs with cups out and imploring looks in their eyes. Gwen stared long and hard at them, and then belatedly noticing the other two watching her. Delta reached out and patted her, reassuringly. “You’re one of us, not them.”
Zipper pointed to the three of them, “Wight’s Brigade.”
When they got to the checkpoint, the Sargent on duty was specifically skeptical of the mercenaries, especially Gwen and her wolf. Lieutenant Bickerstaple vouched for them, but the Sargent was having none of it. They had to stand to the side and wait for a Major to be summoned to approve their entry.
When she arrived, she took the Lieutenant aside, got his report. Then she came and checked their papers, spending a lot of time with Gwen’s. “I don’t like it”, she said in the end. “But your papers are in order, and we need the troops.” She snagged a private. “Escort… Wight’s Brigade to the mercenary barracks.” She turned back to them, “Report in there. When the Lieutenant has reported in, you’ll be paid for your service so far, and you’ll be assigned new duty. Dismissed.” She walked off without looking back.
“She just assumes we’re signing on again”, muttered Zipper.
“Let’s argue it later”, said Delta. “After we get paid.” She looked around as they were led. “Take up station on the other side of Gwen. She looks a little freaked out, and we don’t need any trouble.”
Gwen still had her hood up and looked quickly from side to side. Even though it was more crowded, she was less noticeable here, and there wasn’t as much attention from anyone immediately around them.
The mercenary barracks turned out to be a large tent in what had been the town common. There were still some livestock penned up there, but it was largely given over to a staging ground for the war effort. The private showed them to the tent flap, keeping his distance from the wolf. He seemed undecided for a while about needing to salute or not, but then gave up and just left, not meeting their eyes.
There were a few lamps lit inside the tent, but not many. It was mostly cots and palettes, and some chests scattered about. It had the smell of sweat and leather. A few cots were occupied with sleeping people, but there was only one man up and about, who came over.
He nodded to them. “Gurvan Laporte, Company du Plat” he said.
“Delta, Zipper, and Gwen, Wight’s Brigade”, said Delta.
The man did a double take at Gwen and her Wolf, then grinned. “I’m sure you have some interesting stories to add to the mix.” He waved them to follow him to one side. “There’s some empty palettes over here.” He skirted a sleeping body. A strong smell of alcohol rose from it. “Latrines are out the back. I think all the lock boxes are taken.” He stopped in an area that had less gear and plain straw sacks on the ground. He lowered his voice to a whisper. “Stuff tends to go… missing… if it’s not locked down.” He waggled his eyebrows. “Or watched.” He sighed theatrically. “I got the short straw, so I’m on watch tonight.”
“Thanks for the advice”, said Delta, as they dropped their packs and took off their outerwear. “We’ve had a long march and fight today. I’m not sure any of us are going anywhere.”
“Is there anywhere to go here?” asked Zipper.
Gurvan laughed. “There are plenty of inns, taverns, night markets, and the like. They like soldiers here.” He clinked his purse. “If they have money.”
“We need to resupply gear”, said Delta. “But we haven’t been paid yet.”
Gurvan looked surprised. “They’re usually pretty good about paying their mercenaries.” He laughed again. “Better than they are at paying their own troops! They will probably sort you out in the morning. If you need a little loan in the meantime…”
“Thank you for your generous offer”, said Delta, quickly. “I think we’ll just sleep this one off.” She looked to Gwen. “Is there an archery range?”
The man nodded. “Right next to the latrines. Actually, a little too close to the latrines.” He laughed again. “It will be clear enough in the daytime.”
Delta nodded at Gwen. “Our ace archer here works at night. And she likes to keep her edge on.”
Gurvan looked at Gwen appraisingly. “Ace archer, you say?”
“She scared an ogre away today with just one shot”, said Zipper, punching Gwen in the shoulder.
“An ogre?” said Gurvan. “You were in a fight with an ogre? I thought you were in action with the Imperialists.”
“That was the night before”, said Zipper. “I’ll tell you about it for a few swigs from your flagon while these two get in their night training.” She winked at Delta and Gwen and led Gurvan back towards the entrance.
There wasn’t much to the archery range, but it was bordered by the latrines and goat pen, so there weren’t many gawkers. With only three arrows, there was a lot of going back and forth between the mark and the target, but Gwen insisted on doing it instead of Delta, practicing getting on and off her wolf each time.
Each pass Delta would give Gwen a few new words and tested her on other words. She started with the normal objects they used and wore. It took some practice, but Gwen showed determination.
As it grew later, Delta sat there dozing on and off. She didn’t want to leave Gwen on her own in a human city. She couldn’t imagine the trouble a crippled goblin could get into amongst a bunch of drunk, swaggering mercenaries. It was just as well Zipper was exaggerating their reputation. So, she just took at as watch duty on garrison. Where you had to be there, and more or less ready, but not completely awake and alert.
Sometime around midnight, judging by the stars, Zipper came out and relieved her. She had brought some leftovers she scavenged from who knows where for Gwen and the wolf. They all sat for a bit, quietly, just eating. Then Gwen recited her words for Zipper, who was much impressed. Delta left them to it.
 
In the morning they found there wasn’t a mess tent available for the mercenaries. Most of them were eating food at nearby street vendors. They opted to just eat more rations.
“Just as well we took what we could from the fort”, said Zipper, with disappointment. Gwen was, clearly, not enjoying the food either. Delta was watching the tent entrance, though. A trooper had arrived and was talking to people at the door. After a while they turned and pointed at her, and he made his way over.
Delta stood as he approached. “Captain Delta, Wight’s Brigade”, she said, formally. “How may I help you.”
“Um, you were with Lieutenant Bickerstaple at Fort Chichester?” he asked. She nodded. “I need to take you to payroll.” He seemed a bit resentful.
Delta looked to Zipper, who nodded. “I’ll get her settled in for the day. I don’t think anyone will mess with her given the stories I told last night.” She looked smug. “And, you know, having a rabid wolf curled up beside her can’t hurt.”
Delta turned back to the soldier. “Thank you. I can go with you now.”
He led her back into the square, and through the town. By daylight the place wasn’t all that big, or impressive. There were few public buildings, and, what was there mostly seemed to serve its position as the local market town. It wasn’t all that different from where Delta had grown up at the other end of Avenio.
The locals looked rather subdued, and those not busy with something watched her and her escort as they went by. But no one tried to talk to her or call out.
She was eventually led to a portico attached to a public building. She could see the Count’s residence opposite, with more formal guards on it. There were a few clerks there, talking amongst themselves. Delta just assumed parade rest and waited. It never paid to hurry bureaucrats. Especially when you wanted money out of them.
Eventually one of them returned his attention to his books, and then to her. She introduced herself.
“Ah”, he said, and searched for a card. He skimmed what was written. “Services rendered: escort duty. Contact with enemy. Contact with… let’s classify that as brigands.” He added some notes in red ink. “Five shillings.”
Delta bit her lip. Given what they had risked, it seemed a bit short. But she saw the checklist the clerk had composed. They were simple yes or no choices. The magnitude didn’t figure into it. She didn’t have enough experience to suggest other check marks. And, she did realize that ‘contact with the enemy’ was a bit of a stretch. So, someone was trying to lean things in her favor. With effort she said, “Thank you, sir.”
He nodded and unlocked a small chest. He counted out some coins, made her put her mark on his card, and handed the coins over to her.
They were gold. Not silver. Gold.
That changed her calculus. The gold coins, freshly minted, were easily worth many times more than their silver equivalents. Now she understood the trooper’s resentment, the drunk mercenaries, and why there was no mess tent. “Thank you, sir”, she said again, and quickly put the coins away.
He continued, not really noticing. “We’ll keep you on at standard retainer’s rate for now. Follow the directive of any commissioned officer within the confines of the town. The Countess will review the troops tomorrow at 9am. We’ll inform you of any large strategic needs as they arise.” He looked up at her at that point. “You are also welcome to avail of our postal service to contact any other brigades you happen to know. We will pay a finder’s fee for any additional mercenaries you can persuade to join the cause.” He smiled thinly.
“I will do what I can”, said Delta.
“That is all I have”, he said. “Do you have any other business I can help you with?”
“Not at this time”, said Delta. He nodded and she left.

Chapter 14 – Appearances
Delta was still a bit stunned when she returned to the mercenary’s tent. Gwen hadn’t dozed off yet and looked up curiously when she sat down. Zipper looked concerned. “They did pay us, didn’t they?”
“Oh, yeah”, said Delta. She took the five gold coins from her purse and held them out. They all stared at them in shock.
“Are they… real?” asked Zipper.
“I’m pretty sure”, said Delta. “They look and feel right. I’ve had payouts like this, but not for one day’s work.”
“Tell me you signed up for more work”, said Zipper.
“I did”, said Delta. She got a grip on herself. “Let’s do payroll.” She counted out one gold coin for Zipper, Gwen, and herself. “That’s one each. And I will keep the other two for brigade expenses.” She pointed at the two coins, and then at Gwen’s three arrows, her clothes,    and the food, hoping she understood that she wasn’t just pocketing the money.
But Gwen just nodded absently. She was still mystified by the money. After spending a good long time looking at it, she moved and slowly put it in her pouch, looking to see if the others were going to stop her.
“Let’s go shopping!” said Zipper.
Delta smiled. “We certainly could do with getting some things. But let’s spend a few hours looking first. I have the feeling this town is completely bent on fleecing mercenaries out of as much cash as they can.” She turned to Gwen. “Gwen: sleep.” She then made eyes looking around the room. “Bag: here”, she pointed at her pouch, and indicated she should use it as a pillow. Gwen nodded in enthusiastic agreement.
“Slan agat!” said Zipper, and Gwen made a faint smile.
“What was that?” said Delta, as the two of them left the tent.
“That was ‘goodbye’ in Goblin”, said Zipper. “I think.” She shrugged. “I started asking Gwen for her words for things as well as teaching her ours. I figured there was no harm in having a way we can talk to each other with no one else knowing.”
Delta pursed her lips. “A brigade code. I like it. Good idea.”
“Do I get a bonus?” asked Zipper.
“Don’t be greedy”, said Delta. “And watch your purse.” There were definitely people hanging out about the mercenary tent watching who came and went. A few came up and offered to guide them around ‘the city’, but Delta declined. They got off lightly, since apparently the rest of the mercenaries were known for drinking late and sleeping late.
Their first stop was to the money changers. A few gold coins were not enough for some of the big purchases that Delta would have liked. And it wouldn’t do to flash around gold when making smaller purchases. She wanted to get a feel for how the money translated into the copper and silver coins she was more used to handling. She kept to her promise of not making any transactions until after the noon hour. And it was just as well since the rate changed from vendor to vendor, and the more so if you were going to borrow money or open a line of credit with them.
“Why does something as simple as money have to be so complicated?” asked Zipper.
“Everyone wants a piece”, said Delta. “But I think I might know where we can get an honest answer.”
“In this town?” asked Zipper, in surprise.
Delta walked down the main avenue to where the Countess’s residence was. The guards there watched her warily, but she turned and went up the portico opposite.
The clerks she had dealt with earlier were still there, talking and sorting their cards. One looked up curiously at her. “Did you think of something else you needed?”
“Just advice”, said Delta. “I’ve been to every money changer in town and they’ve given me different rates for changing gold for silver. I thought I might ask you what the official exchange rate is for your county’s minted coins.”
The man looked at his colleagues and they all smiled. “She’s a smart one”, said one to the other. “Quite a rarity”, said another.
He turned back. “Ten silver shillings to a gold shilling on anything minted with the Count’s likeness on it. Ten copper to a silver. Twelve pennies to a shilling.”
Delta nodded. “Thank you, your advice is much appreciated.”
“Here”, he said, unlocking his box. “I can give you change right now if you like.”
Delta raised her eyebrows and pulled out her purse. “That is very, very appreciated” she said. Zipper also pulled out her coin.
He smiled pleasantly, and carefully counted out the coins and their change. Then he meticulously locked up his box again. “Wight’s Brigade, right?”
“Yes”, said Delta. He nodded and their discussion picked up again.
“Wow”, said Zipper, as they walked away. “Just, wow.”
Delta shrugged. “I thought it was worth trying.”
They found a food stall near the stock yard. The food was cheaper and better than near the mercenary tent. When they bought enough to take home for dinner, and Gwen, they got a better deal again.
“Since they have a night market here, we should go out together and get gear for the brigade”, said Delta. “But there is one thing I want to set up before that.”
They dropped the food off in the tent, and Delta picked up a bundle from her gear. They then walked all the way back to the stockyard where they had lunch. It wasn’t busy at this time, and she asked the woman who had served them who sewed the livery for the Count. She knew that, but she also knew who that person contracted the work out to, who just happened to be a friend of hers. They walked off with a name, house number, and street.
“I think I could learn a lot watching you”, said Zipper.
“I know how towns work”, said Delta. “I grew up in Touco.”
“Ah”, said Zipper. “That’s, like, the east side of Avenio.”
“Yes”, said Delta. “Right on the Romitu border.”
“That explains why your accent is hard to place”, said Zipper.
Delta looked down at Zipper. “Yeah, I can’t place yours either.”
Zipper grinned. “I move around too much.” She then changed her pitch. “You gotta get me talking about home before I start sounding like it.”
Delta snapped her fingers. “Galacia.” She looked at her closely again. “You don’t look Galacian. Your skin, your hair. Paint a stripe on your face and you could almost pass for an Amazon.”
Zipper laughed loudly. “Those clerks were right: you are one to watch out for. Got it in one. I’m another border kid. From the outlands of a small hamlet you can’t spell in the county of Benenn, which you’ve never heard of.”
“But that doesn’t explain why you look Amazonian”, said Delta.
“I’m half Amazonian, on my father’s side”, said Zipper glibly.
Delta walked for a few paces, then asked. “How is that even possible? There’re only women there. Amazons don’t have fathers.”
“Good Amazon girls don’t have fathers”, she waggled her finger. “Bad Amazon girls… sometimes they get curious, and when things don’t turn out right, the kids get punted over the border.”
Delta looked shocked. Then suspicious. “Are you just making that up?”
Zipper laughed again. “You will never know!”
They arrived at the place and knocked on the door. Delta introduced them, and said she needed some sewing work done. When she said that they had been sent by Emeriza at the stockyard the woman brightened considerably, and let them in.
Delta unfolded a simple cloth tunic. It was large and sleeveless, white overall, but with a black eagle in the middle with three four pointed stars around it. “I need two tabards made”, said Delta.
The woman, who introduced herself as Cevina, clucked and fingered the fabric. “These are for actual fighting and such in, not just for show?”
“That would be ideal”, said Delta. “If you have the fabric on hand.”
“If you are OK with undyed, rather than bright white, that I can do.” Delta nodded. The lady looked at the design. “That will be a lot of work to stitch that on. And I’m not sure I have time. They say there’s a big order coming in from the new Countess. But my Justis has a reasonable hand with the paintbrush. It’ll be quicker, and cheaper, if we just paint it on. It won’t last as long, mind you. And it will fade after some time.”
“If that’s the best you can do in the time you have, then we’ll take it”, said Delta. “I need one for Zipper here, and a second one for someone else. She’s about the same height as Zipper, but not as wide. She’s also… cavalry. So, she’ll need the slit in the front.”
Cevina clucked again and nodded. “There’s a bit more stitching on that. But I can get it done. And I won’t charge you extra for a rush job. I’ve got to get it all done before the morning anyway. I’m happy for anything I can fit in that time. Two shillings, six pence”, she pronounced.
“I’ll give you three, in advance”, said Delta, “If you can have it delivered to us at the mercenary barracks.”
“Well, now!” said Cevina, flustered at their generosity. “That is awfully kind of you! I’ll double stitch it at the shoulders best I can! And here”, she took the tabard Delta was folding up. “I’ll have that laundered and pressed as well!”
Delta thanked them, and they made their way out.
“Tabards, really?” asked Zipper. “Are we angling for parade duty?”
“Just picking up on some stuff my old instructor told me. He said that a good tabard can hide a wealth of evil. Your armor can be as shabby and beaten up as anything. Throw a good tabard over it and you look like royalty. And, yes, we do have parade duty. The Countess is reviewing everyone tomorrow. I think it will be in our interests to look our best.” Delta mused in silence for a while. “Do you remember the two guards on the Countess’s palace across from the clerks?” she asked.
“Sure”, said Zipper. “I thought they looked right pompous.”
“What color was their hair?” Zipper thought a while but didn’t say anything. “You don’t remember because all you saw was the tabards. That’s another good thing he used to say. People see the tabard, not you. That’s great when you want to be remembered as Wight’s Company. And, when you don’t, you just take it off.”
“Hmmm”, said Zipper. “I think I see. You’re not going to make us wear it all the time, just when we want to be noticed.”
“Pretty much”, said Delta.

Chapter 15 – Review
By evening they had seen enough and were ready to buy things. Gwen was up by then and their first stop was to get a decent meal, to celebrate their payment. They got a whole roast foul, of some sort, and a bottle of better than terrible wine, fresh bread, and a selection of side dishes. Gwen, however, was mostly indifferent to the food, and didn’t touch the wine at all.
“Your loss”, said Zipper, and happily ate whatever she left.
There was a fair amount of weaponry on display, at moderately inflated prices. But if you skipped the ornamentation and just went for functionality, it wasn’t too unreasonable. Delta bought a bundle of arrows for Gwen from the company funds, heavy leggings, and thick leather arm braces. To this they added some good, soft boots to replace her iron shod ones. She wasn’t likely to be needing them much. They also got a quantity of good tanned leather, and a kit to work on stitching a better harness for her wolf. They also got her a proper bedroll, mess kit, and a bunch of miscellaneous stuff.
They practiced their words for “thank you” and “you’re welcome” a lot. She taught them the Goblin version, which was several exchanges longer than theirs.
Zipper and Delta needed less stuff but did buy some things to round out their supplies. They made a few personal purchases as well. Delta swapped the change she got for the company’s gold piece for Gwen’s, so she would have smaller coins to spend on what she wanted. A number of things seemed to catch her eye, but she didn’t buy anything.
Quite the opposite, Zipper chortled with glee, and begged to be allowed to buy any flashy bit of polish for her harness. In a moment of reflection, she gave half her wages back to Delta and told her to hang on to them for her, and under no circumstances let her spend them.
Eventually, though, they had gone through the merchants who were open that late who had anything interesting. When they got back most of the mercenaries were congregating outside of the tent, drinking, gambling, and telling stories. They recognized Zipper, and welcomed the rest, wanting to know how much of the stories she had told were true. Gwen was a curiosity, but since Zipper’s stories painted her as holding her own, and she had her papers, they accepted her as she was.
After some more bragging from Zipper, one of them even suggested an archery contest, to determine if Gwen really could shoot better at night than in the day. Their best archer was good, but was handicapped by the darkness, and having drunk a bit. Gwen had improved a lot and was good enough at night to make it an even enough contest to foster heavy betting. She lost in the end, but the other guy spent the better part of an hour coaching her on what she did wrong, and how she could improve. He was surprised, amused, and flattered when she said, “Thank you”, in heavily accented, but understandable, speech.
The rest eventually wandered off, mostly to get more drink, until the three of them were left on the range.
“You did good, Gwen”, said Delta. “Good”, she repeated simply.
Gwen ducked her head. “Bow”, she replied. “Gwen bow”.
“Wight’s Company!” cheered Zipper, who had not been shy about accepting drinks from others. Even Gwen joined in. It was one of her better phrases.
“You seem wide awake, Zipper”, said Delta. “I don’t think anyone will mess with Gwen now, but keeping up the language lessons is a good thing.”
“Ta maistir”, said Zipper. Gwen cringed. “That’s ‘yes’, more or less.”
Delta tried it a few times, with corrections from Gwen. “Wake me around midnight. I’ll do a few hours then.” She then tried to explain to Gwen about the review in the morning.
“Go on”, said Zipper. “I’ll keep trying till she gets it.”
 
They woke well in advance of the review time and had a leisurely breakfast of leftovers while watching the other mercenaries struggle to get up. “I thought I was bad!” said Zipper. Gwen mimed drinking. Zipper nodded. “That’s probably the root of it. I like a cup myself, but there was enough going around last night to make me happy.”
As they were sorting out their kit, oiling their leather and polishing the brass, a young kid came up to them with a large bundle. Delta grinned and took it from her. “Thank you!” she said and gave her a few copper pennies. She stood there for a bit, gawping at the mercenaries, and looking reluctantly towards the door. “I tell you what”, said Delta. “Can you wait a few minutes until we try them out? Just to be sure all is good.” The girl nodded enthusiastically. “There’s another penny for you if you can help with the straps.”
They began putting their armor on with their newfound page eagerly helping. When Zipper and Delta had finished, they helped with Gwen. Delta fingered the light chain shirt she had. “I wish I could figure a way to show this off. It’s a fine piece. Better than anything we’ve got. But it also might attract the wrong sort of attention.” So, they settled for covering it with her normal all-encompassing gear. The young girl was genuinely surprised to learn that Gwen could not use her legs.
When they were all ready, Delta unfolded the tabards. They pulled them down over the bulky armor, which just made the heraldic display more prominent. Gwen looked with surprise at the display, trying to fathom it, moving between awkward and proud. But she did note that hers was cut differently and didn’t inhibit her on her wolf.
She was also the first to note that the other mercenaries had taken notice. She elbowed Zipper and nodded towards them. They watched, bleary eyed at the striking transformation.
“Assembly in twenty minutes”, said Zipper loudly. “See you all there!” She grinned as many of them swore and started rapidly trying to find their kit.
Delta stored their remaining stuff in the lockbox they had rented from someone else, passed Zipper’s spear to her, and straightened Gwen’s bow. “Let’s go meet the Countess.”
They marched from the tent in good order, the young girl skipping along behind them in high spirits.
They didn’t attract the same attention through town as in the barracks, but they were still noted. People stood aside and stared after them, but then went back about their business.
When they got to the main street the Countess’s residence was on, it was clear they were the first to arrive. The clerk they had dealt with before was there, and gave them a wry grin, looking them up and down. “Wight’s Company”, he said, without having to look it up. “You’ll be assembling on marker twelve down there”, he pointed down the road. “It’s in order of precedence and, since you don’t have a full-strength squad, and they don’t make allowances for appearances (or timeliness) you will be last.” He made a show of looking down the road. “But it may be some time. Since you have shown you understand how to be on time, I think it will be OK if you wait in the shade over there until the rest of your compatriots have shuffled into position.”
Delta smiled and gave him a slight bow. “You are most kind. Thank you.”
“All spruced up and nowhere to go!” complained Zipper. “All that work and we’re last.”
Delta shrugged. “We got the clerks on our side”, she said. “And being last isn’t so bad. Less time between seeing us and making her decision.”
“Decision?” said Zipper. “What’s she deciding?”
“I don’t know”, said Delta. “But I can’t see the reason for calling us all out unless there were duties to dish out.”
They rested with their backs to the large tree that marked the corner of the estate. More mercenaries did, indeed, shuffle out. A few had dressed extravagantly, although half of those appeared to be so attired as they had fallen asleep from their revelry the night before while wearing it.
There was an abbreviated toot on a horn to draw their attention. A curtained palanquin emerged from the residence along with several knights in bright display. The mercenaries straightened their line, and Wight’s Brigade joined them.
The palanquin moved slowly down the line, stopping occasionally for a conference with one or other of the knights. The other companies struck poses, and a few made elaborate bows and curtseys as the Countess passed.
“Do we have to, you know, genuflect like that?” asked Zipper, worried. “I haven’t practiced that maneuver.”
“Let’s just go for standing at attention”, said Delta. “It’s harder to give the wrong impression, since we don’t know what she’s looking for.”
Eventually the procession drew even with them. There were some taps on the wooden frame of the litter, and it stopped, the bearers putting it down. A knight in blue and white leaned over and had a whispered conversation with the occupant. He bowed, straightened, and approached Delta.
“Ah, Wight’s Brigade?” he asked, consulting a card.
“Yes, sir”, said Delta, remaining at attention.
“Yes, then”, he said, somewhere between confused and embarrassed. “The Countess would like to know if your coat of arms is registered.”
“Yes, sir”, said Delta. “I only recently inherited command and don’t have the paperwork. To the best of my knowledge it is, though.”
“Ah, thank you.” He hesitated a moment longer. “And, she would also like to know the, er, gender of your, um, cavalry unit.” His face was expressionless.
Delta turned smartly to Gwen. “Private Gwen, papers please”, she held out her hand.
Gwen opened her pouch and drew out the carefully folded sheets, without hesitation. “Papers. Yes, sir”, she said. Her best words yet.
“That’s not, um, strictly speaking, necessary”, he said, but took the papers, none the less, pausing slightly at the clawed hands. His eyebrows rose when he read them, and he peered closely into the hood shadowing Gwen’s face. “Thank you”, he said, and handed them back.
He nodded to them and returned to have a conversation with the Countess. After a short time, the palanquin turned back towards the entrance and the knights separated from it. Except for the knight in blue and white who returned to Wight’s Company. “If you would accompany me, please”, he said.
He led them into the building opposite the residence, as the horn tooted again, and they could hear the knights addressing the mercenaries. They passed through the building into an airy atrium on the inside.
“Congratulations”, he said, “you have been selected for a special mission. How soon can you be ready to go?”
“We’re already packed”, said Delta. “It would just take a few minutes to pick up our stuff.”
The man raised his eyebrows. “Most efficient.” Then, “Maybe the Countesses selection methods have something to them”, he muttered to himself.
“If you don’t mind me asking”, said Delta. “Why did the Countess select us?”
He smiled thinly, “She liked your heraldry.”  Then, to himself again, “She likes heraldry a lot.” He straightened. “I am Sir Rault, and you are to be my escort to a parlay with the Imperialists at Lyre. Please meet me at the stables at the west gate of the town, I shall be there presently.” He paused. “And, oh, please be discrete about your mission.”
“Yes, sir”, said Delta.

Chapter 16 – Journey to Lyre
After some indecision, they opted to remove and stow their tabards while they grabbed their gear. “Probably best to keep them clean, given how much stock the Countess seems to put in them.”
“I have to say you called that one right”, said Zipper. She had gotten stuck, trying to pull it off. Her arms didn’t have quite the right range of motion for this in armor. Delta helped her get unstuck, then the two of them helped Gwen.
“Sometimes advice from old codgers is sound”, said Delta.
The tent was empty, as the rest of the mercenaries were still being instructed by the other knights. “I wonder what commissions they’re going to get”, said Zipper, looking at the empty cots.
“Probably not as good as ours”, said Delta. “Diplomatic escort has to be a pretty plumb job.”
“Unlike the last two…” muttered Zipper.
They headed back out and worked their way through the crowds. They didn’t part for them the same way as when they were wearing their tabards. But they still made it there before Sir Rault. There was no sign of him, but there was a fine horse and attendant being held ready.
“Are you the mercenary guard for Sir Rault?” asked the young man, as they approached the horse.
Delta nodded. “Wight’s Brigade, at your service.”
“I’m Fabrizio, Squire to Sir Rault”, he said. “Where’s the other three?”
“There’s only three of us”, said Delta. “We’re still recovering from the battle at Cleres.”
Fabrizio shuddered. “I was on the left flank. It was not a pretty sight.”
“I was in the center. It was even less pretty there”, said Delta.
“Ah”, he said. Then he looked down the road. “Best we talk about it later. I’m supposed to be getting stuff ready. Do you have horses?”
Delta smiled, and Zipper snorted. “Sorry, lad. That’s beyond what we can afford. We only have one cavalry unit.” She stood to the side so he could see Gwen.
His eyes went very wide at that. “Is that a wolf? You have someone riding a wolf? I thought only goblins rode wolves.”
“She is”, said Delta, grinning.
Fabrizio swallowed a few times. “Well. I guess she’s taken care of.”
“You can ride a horse, though, yes?” he asked.
“A little”, said Delta. She turned to Zipper.
“How different is it from a donkey?”, asked Zipper.
“Um”, he said. “I can probably get a donkey.”
“That’s probably for the best”, said Delta.
By the time Sir Rault arrived, they had an additional horse, not nearly as fine as the Knight’s, and a donkey that Zipper was in the process of naming.
“Thank you, Fabrizio,”, said Sir Rault, taking the reins of his horse. “Now where are…” he did a double take and realized that the mercenaries were already here.
“I didn’t want the tabards to get dirty”, said Delta.
Sir Rault handed the reins back to Fabrizio. “That is an excellent idea”, he said, and started untying the stays at the side of his own tabard. “The Countess is particularly keen on us looking our absolute best.”
“They were in the Battle of Cleres”, said Fabrizio as he strove to help with the tabard.
Sir Rault rolled his eyes. “I apologize for that fiasco”, he said. “I can’t believe we got drawn away like that.” His jaw was set, and he flapped the dust off the tabard angrily before folding it. “The middle wouldn’t have collapsed if we’d been able to flank them property. Instead of chasing off after… mooning orcs.”
He took the reins back and gave the tabard to Fabrizio. Then he looked critically at Delta. “If that’s where you lost your previous Captain, I apologize again.”
Sometimes you just ended up in a bad position. If the best squad in the world gets sandwiched between flanking units, there really isn’t much you can do except make your life count as you go down. She felt a little upset that her brigade died because of officer stupidity, but it was tempered by the remorse the man felt for it. “Battlefield luck”, said Delta, generously. She guessed it would be how the others felt.
They mounted up and Sir Rault led the way. The crowds did part for him, or at least his horse. And the guards on the western gate shooed everyone aside and saluted as they passed.
It had been a while since Delta had been on a horse. And she had been on one in armor even less frequently. Her muscles were not used to it at all. Given how she clung to the saddle and gritted her teeth, it was probably obvious to all her lack of skill at riding. Zipper was hard pressed to keep up with them. The donkey was smaller, and slower by its nature. It had to canter to keep up with the horse’s trot.
Once they were outside the main view of the town, and the refugees around it, Sir Rault reined his horse in. “We could make it all the way to Lyre by night fall, but we’d be sore and dusty. I think it better to take our ease and find a farmhouse near to the road for the evening. The difference between tonight and tomorrow morning isn’t going to matter much for diplomacy.”
“Have they taken Lyre then?” asked Delta.
He shot her a look. “Is that what people are saying?”
“I declined to ask anyone about it in town”, said Delta.
Rault nodded appraisingly. “Good. The answer is yes and no. From what our few scouts report, they have not specifically taken the village. But they have troops poised to enter and we do not. So, they have not taken it out of generosity. Instead they have offered to parley.”
“So, it’s just us against the whole of the Imperialists?” asked Fabrizio. “What if they renege?”
“Then we will die, or become prisoners”, said Sir Rault, shortly. “But no one offers parley unless they want something. I expect they will demand we capitulate and join their cause like Monttice.”
“Bah, they’re spineless cowards up there”, said Fabrizio, dismissively. “That’s what comes from living too close to the border of civilization.”
Sir Rault gave him a long-suffering look. “Well, we’re the border of civilization now, since they went over to the other side.”
“What are we looking for?” asked Delta. “If it’s all right to ask.”
Rault smiled thinly at her. “Time.” He looked straight ahead. “The Countess wants time so she can properly change the coat of arms of the county. You can’t re-stitch an army of tabards overnight.”
Delta and Zipper looked at each other and nodded.
“She’s changing our coat of arms?” protested Fabrizio. “But, the Lion of Montihouse! That’s our emblem!”
Sir Rault’s mouth was a thin line. “The Countess likes ducks”, he said.
Not long afterwards they came to a more open stretch of countryside. Sir Rault took Fabrizio riding ahead and over the fields to scout and do some equestrian practice. They left the mercenaries to continue down the road at their slower pace.
Gwen had worked out how to sleep while lying on the back of her wolf and was doing so while the sun was bright. “Let’s walk the animals for a bit”, said Delta. “My backside is killing me.”
“Agreed”, said Zipper. It didn’t turn out to be much slower than riding the horses at a walk. The horse was happy to be free of most of its burden, and the two of them could work out the kinks in their legs. The donkey didn’t seem to care much.
“I can’t complain about the duty so far”, said Zipper. “Although these two certainly have their heads in the clouds.”
“Fabrizio, yes”, said Delta. “Sir Rault, seems decent enough. At least as decent as you can get being born with money and titles.” She gave a wry grin. “Not that I’m all that keen on following him into another battle where he gets most of my squad killed.”
“I appreciate that”, said Zipper. “Do you think there will be battle?”
“No”, said Delta. “Clearly the Countess’s troops aren’t deployed for that. And even if the Imperialists are, there’s no one for them to fight but us.”
“We did take on a platoon of goblins single handedly”, said Zipper, cheerily. “And we weren’t even half strength!”
“We also met when we both surrendered to the Imperialists”, reminded Delta.
“They had some good food”, said Zipper. “I hope they are catering this little get-together.”
They stopped under the shade of some trees for a noon meal which Fabrizio had packed. There was fresh bread, some very nice ham, cheese, and a jar of pickled vegetables. This met Zipper’s satisfaction quite well.
While they ate Sir Rault laid out tactical situations and asked his squire what orders he would give. They were, invariably, brash, extravagant, and usually fatal to his troops. For contrast, he would then ask Delta what she would do, and contrasted the pragmatism of her view with Fabrizio’s. For some of them, he would then go on to say what his orders had been, if they were skirmishes he had fought in, or how they actually played out, if they were historical.
As Fabrizio was packing up, he asked Delta “Were you classically taught?”
She smiled and shook her head. “No. But I was taught by someone who was classically taught. He served a lot during the consolidation wars in the Romitu republic.”
“Ah”, said Sir Rault. “Difficult times, those. We were mostly free from that in Avenio once we gained independence from the Empire.” He smiled, “Well, your lessons were well learned. Thank you for illuminating my squire.” He glanced sidelong at Fabrizio. “I had hoped Cleres would have taught him some real-world lessons.” He continued to himself, “It certainly did me.”
“My parents will be happy their money wasn’t wasted”, said Delta after he wound down.
The Knight laughed and mounted his horse.

Chapter 17 – Détente
The countryside around Lyre wasn’t quite as deserted as Cleres had been. They weren’t terribly welcome at the farmhouse they found, even after Sir Rault told them he’d get their Lord to waive this year’s taxes. But their barn was comfortable enough. The wolf disturbed the animals, but Gwen was happy enough to just pack up her dinner, and head out on patrol.
She was back in the morning but wasn’t that interested in breakfast. She was more intent in trying to explain something to them.
“I think she saw something”, said Zipper.
“Did you find where their army was?” asked Delta. She mimed troops with her fingers marching along her arm. “See soldiers?”
Gwen shook her head and tried to cover her fingers with her hands. “No soldiers see”, said Gwen.
“You didn’t see soldiers”, said Delta.
“See no soldiers”, tried Gwen again.
“Wait, wait”, said Zipper. “I got this.” She set up Delta with her fingers on her arms, and then put her hands up in front of the soldiers. She mimed looking around, but only seeing the screening hands. “See no soldiers.” Then she removed Delta’s fingers, but kept up the arm, and removed her hands. She looked around again. “No soldiers to see.”
Gwen snapped her fingers. “No soldiers to see.”
Delta looked intently at her. “Are you sure.”
“No soldiers to see”, repeated Gwen. Then she patted her wolf. “No soldiers to smell.”
“Thank you”, said Delta. She got up and headed to where Sir Rault was stretching and getting ready to mount his horse. “Sir?” she said. He stopped and gave her his attention. “Our scout reports that there aren’t any troops near the village.”
He looked a little distrustfully at the goblin. “Is she sure? That doesn’t make a lot of sense.”
“That depends on their objective”, said Delta. “I think if they were here in any numbers the wolf would have smelled them.”
He looked more intently at the wolf. “That is a very good point.” He rubbed his chin. “We’re still committed to talk to them. But I will bear that in mind and see if I can understand what it means.” He moved to get on his horse, then stopped and turned. “Thank you. Good work.”
Delta saluted and returned to the rest.
“My guess is we scared them away”, said Zipper. “With our reputation and all.”
Delta smiled and shook her head. They broke out the tabards, mounted up and fell in line behind Sir Rault.
It wasn’t far at all to the village of Lyre. It also wasn’t much of a village. There were only a few buildings on the single street. The only stone one served as a general meeting hall, sometime tavern, and occasional inn for travelers. Judging by the horses tied up outside, it was where the Imperialist delegation had arrived at.
As they rode towards it, a couple of soldiers stepped from around the corner to see who was coming. At first glance, they just looked like normal troops wearing the traditional, if somewhat archaic, uniform of the Romitu empire. But as they got closer, their glinting bandoliers caught the sun, and their facial features could be better seen inside their helmets. They were orcs.
“Eh!” cried Fabrizio and went for his sword. Sir Rault reached out his hand to stay him.
“The Imperialists stronghold is in the Bright Republic, beyond Monttice. That’s mostly populated by orcs. They had several companies of them at the fight near Cleres. Don’t you remember?” Sir Rault said, admonishingly.
“It makes my blood boil to see them soiling holy Montihouse land!” growled Fabrizio.
“Then you aren’t fit to be part of a diplomatic mission”, he said shortly. Fabrizio quietened down to a sulk.
When they arrived, a man stepped out of the house. He was fairly tall and slight, and looked like he came from the eastern provinces. His fine, but serviceable clothes clashed with a plain grey wool cape he wore from his shoulders to his knees. He reached up to help with the reins as they tethered their horses.
When they had dismounted, he snapped his heels together and made a perfunctory bow. “Greetings!” he cheered. “Sir Rault of Straslais, I presume.”
Sir Rault returned the bow. “I am. And you are here to represent the… the followers of General Scioni?”
He smiled again. “Indeed. Wolf Moss.” He bowed again. Then he brushed at his cloak, self-consciously. “Please excuse my personal affectation. I served for a long time in the Bavel Special Branch, Magical Crimes Division. Many fond memories. It’s been dissolved but can’t seem to bring myself to abandon the uniform.” He opened the door theatrically. “But, please. All of you come in out of the sun. Do refresh yourselves before we get to the matters of state we have to discuss.”
He held the door for them as they entered, watched curiously as Gwen entered on wolfback. He grinned suddenly and laughed in surprise. “And what do we have here?” he said in goblin. They all paused confused. It was clear that he spoke in goblin, but they had all understood exactly what he said. He continued, unheeding. “May Thule be far from you!” he said. Delta and Zipper looked at each other. The recognized this phrase as what Gwen had taught them as the first part of the ‘hello’ exchange.
After a moment Gwen replied carefully “May Thule and Yarltep be far from you.” Like with him, they both understood this as the reply they had been taught, but also the meaning reverberated in their heads.
“May Thule, Yarltep, and Hater be far from you!” continued Moss.
Somewhat suspiciously Gwen continued, “May Thule, Yarltep, Hater and Yog be far from you.”
Moss laughed and straightened up. “OK. I give up, my little friend. You and your mount are most welcome.” He held out his hand to her to dismount, but she didn’t move.
“Gwen’s legs are paralyzed”, said Delta. “She is more comfortable on her wolf.”
Moss withdrew his hand and looked apologetic. “Then that will do fine.” He straightened and turned to Sir Rault. “I applaud the diversity of your retainers!” They continued on with small talk.
“That was weird”, said Zipper.
“His Goblin was flawless”, said Gwen. “Your Goblin is flawless!”
“Magic” said Delta. “They’re supposed to be rotten with it. Most of what we’ve seen from them has been very practical applications. That’s got to be it.”
Gwen clutched at Delta. “Thank you. Thank you for binding me to your service. I would not be…” she started to choke up.
Delta put her hand on her shoulder. “We couldn’t leave you. We fight for hire. If we don’t take care of each other, no one else will.” She squeezed Gwen’s shoulder hard. “You are not bound. You serve willingly or not at all. You’ve earned your pay so far. I think you’ll keep doing so for as long as you want to stay with us.”
“I have nothing else”, said Gwen, quietly.
“Oh, let’s not get all maudlin!” said Zipper. “Quick, before this spell or whatever wears off, what’s the issue with ‘yes’ and ‘no’ in Goblin? Each time I try to work it out you give me a different answer.”
Gwen blinked. “This is a very strange spell. The words you use translate as ‘nod’ and ‘shake’.” She moved her head with them. “You cannot say that in Goblin. You have to repeat the action, alone or negated for agreement or disagreement. If ‘Will you eat some food?’ is the question, ‘I will eat’ or ‘I will not eat’ is the answer.”
“Good gracious!” said Zipper. “The food!” She got up and hastily availed herself of the ‘refreshment’ that had been set out.
“What can I get you?” asked Delta.
Gwen peered at the table. “Doesn’t matter much. It all tastes the same to me.”
“And no alcohol”, Delta asked, grinning.
Gwen shuddered. “No alcohol!” Then she looked curious. “The word is very different in your language. In goblin it is ‘mind poison’.”
Delta laughed. “Your word sounds better.”
Zipper had returned, with a large slab a bread laden with different things. She then looked embarrassed, took about half the meat off, and offered it to the wolf. “Here you go boy! How about you? Does this Imperialist magic extend so far as to talk to animals?” Apparently, it did not. But the wolf was happy with the meat anyway. “Ah!” said Zipper. “I can ask. What’s his name?”
“This should be interesting”, said Gwen. “His name is ‘joy stone’.”
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s a literal translation of something much more interesting.” She chewed thoughtfully. “How about Johnston?”
Gwen shrugged. “Sure.”
Delta had returned with two more trenchers of food. She handed one to Gwen who ate a token amount. “They sound like they’re about to get to business”, she said. “We should finish up.” The others nodded. “We must redouble our efforts to learn each other’s language”, she said. “It’s going to be hard going back to monosyllable grunts.”
They laughed, and then got up to leave. Delta passed her serving to Zipper. “Just carry it. Don’t eat it”, she clarified. Then she went and helped herself to two more servings, followed them outside and presented them to the orcs on guard. “Have you guys been taken care of?”
The two troopers looked at each other, hesitated, but only briefly. Then they took off their helmets, grinned, and accepted the food. “Had food”, said one. “But two food is two good!” Evidently the translation spell had worn off. Delta smiled good naturedly and left them to it.
They found some shade around the side of the building, and Gwen went to sleep. The orcs came around and they all got to swapping stories about the battle at Cleres from each side’s perspective. These orcs had been in a unit set to hold their right flank. They expressed disappointment that they were not in the force that was to power up the middle and split the enemy, but they were happy not to be assigned to the ones set to distract the cavalry, as they didn’t considered that to be worthy of medals.
Their focus on medals was pretty clear from the start. They each had several, and they frequently referred to them in their examples of what they considered worthy deeds. Sometimes they digressed further into the deeds performed by the person that gave them the medal did to get the medal from someone else.
They were delighted that Delta and Zipper were from the center force and considered that they must have extreme prowess to have survived the onslaught of their greatest forces. They wanted as much detail as they could, and Zipper was happy to supply them with it. When it came to their description of holding off the tortoise, they, literally, howled their appreciation, also declaiming how much they hated it when that sort of thing was done to them. One of them was moved enough to give Zipper a battle ribbon, because it was a very smart thing they did to an enemy too stupid to know what to do about it.
Delta, more somberly, told of the end of the battle, how it was clearly against them, and their surrender. The other orc nodded solemnly and, with great formality, chose another ribbon to give to her. “No honor in dying stupid. No honor in killing stupid people. Wise decisions make better fight for all.”

Chapter 18 – The Plan
An Imperialist runner came in during the middle of the afternoon, and the talks between Moss and Rault broke up shortly thereafter. Moss appeared to be in as good spirits as he was at the start, and Rault was polite and formal. They both agreed to a quick meeting in the morning to finalize things.
Sir Rault’s expression hardened as they left the village though and headed back to the farmhouse. Fabrizio made a few idle comments, but Rault seemed lost in thought.
He called Delta and Zipper into the main room of the farmhouse after they had seen to the livestock. There was a book on the table before him and he looked troubled. “Did you find anything out from the troopers?” he asked, without preamble.
“We mostly gossiped about the battle”, said Delta. “I’ve never talked to an orc before. Especially not a military one. They have an interesting way of looking at things.”
Rault’s eyes narrowed. “Were they in the flankers? The ones who taunted us?”
“No”, said Delta quickly. She thought for a minute and tried to digest what had been said.
“Their units are mixed”, said Zipper, in the pause. “Whenever they talked about who was assigned where, they mostly talked about orcs from their tribe, but they were all over the place. They are not dividing their units on a tribe-by-tribe basis.”
Sir Rault nodded. “That’s odd. I would have thought they would fight better that way.”
“If they didn’t fight each other”, said Fabrizio.
He initially looked dismissive of Fabrizio, but then considered. “They are known for that. Mixing them up would fit if the long-term objective was to create an integrated sustainable force. Rather than just using them as fodder.”
“The battle was very deeply thought out”, said Delta. “From their talk, the central thrust, the distraction of the flank, it was all planned that way. And, from a few other things they mentioned, they also had alternate orders. If the flank hadn’t been distracted, the unit these two fought in was supposed to form a physical barrier to protect their central thrust. They were disappointed that didn’t happen.”
“We were just told to kind of go in there and stab people”, said Zipper. Then, belatedly, “I’m sure you had a detailed plan too. It just may not have filtered down to our level.”
Sir Rault shook his head. “The criticism is fair. We spent half the council of war with the Count regaling past fights and drinking to our pending success. We saw this as a rag-tag political ploy by some ousted elite from Romitu city.” He shook his head again. Then he looked up in the direction of the barn. “I give a lot more credence to your scout’s report. I didn’t bring the subject up, but he did put emphasis on how they chose to respect Lyre’s authority and didn’t want to burden them with foraging troops.”
“Their troops don’t forage”, said Zipper. “Yeah, I know. That makes no sense. All troops everywhere raid the countryside for food. An army marches on its belly and all that. Fault me as much as you want for being very food focused, but I got a good look at the kitchen in their camp. Chef was pulling stuff out of organized crates and had access to some hellish spices. I don’t know where he got it from, but it didn’t come from the Cleres countryside.”
Sir Rault rubbed his chin and muttered to himself. “If they have no troops here, why would he go out of his way to say that they have no troops here? Did he know we had scouted? Did he assume we had scouted?”
“Sir?” asked Delta. “Was there anything else he knew that he shouldn’t have known?”
Sir Rault considered. “Maybe. He did refer to the Countess’s tender years.”
“Tender years?” asked Zipper.
“She’s twelve”, said Sir Rault, resignedly. “We’ve been quiet about that. But it may be that they just have very good spies.” And, muttering to himself, “Or very well-paid informants.”
“Or he may have just read your mind”, said Delta. Sir Rault looked surprised. “That man was a mage. He may have dressed like a constable, or whatever, but you don’t need a pointy hat with stars to be a mage. He certainly had access to magic.” She leaned forward. “That translation spell. It captured the intent of what the person said, it didn’t change the words at all. That’s messing with your mind. I don’t know anything about magic, but if you can do that, it shouldn’t be too hard to read minds.”
The man tapped the book. “They certainly have some form of magic communication. This book comes from their General’s personal library. It’s a work on heraldry with his personal notes in it. He’s loaning it to the Countess because of her interest. Either they have very, very good spies, and a sense of drama, or he had to inform them during the meeting to get that runner there by the afternoon.”
 “This is a feint”, said Sir Rault, suddenly. “If this man is as serious as his battle planning is, why would he bother with Montihouse at all? I thought we were playing for time. Now I think he is playing for time. If everyone thinks he’s moving through Lyre towards Montihouse then he must be moving somewhere else.”
“That would be south”, said Delta. “He came from the north, and there’s only swamps and the lake to the west.”
“Metzre, Ancourt and Toutiti are to the south”, said Fabrizio. “But their armies aren’t as mighty as Montihouse. Why would he leave us at his back to fight them?”
“Because he wants something beyond them”, said Sir Rault. “He’s going for Avenio itself. If he takes the crown, he can pick the rest off at his leisure. Or just demand their obedience. We’re not as factious as Romitu.”
“How are we supposed to fight someone who can read our mind!” complained Fabrizio, very alarmed at the direction things are going in.
A smile crept across Sir Rault’s face. “By not knowing what we’re doing.” This confused everyone. He sat up straight in his seat. “Captain Delta. You have proven yourself a sharp thinker capable of reasoned analysis and planning.”
“Sir?” said Delta, with some worry.
“We have defined the problem. This upstart is aiming to take the throne of Avenio. People must be warned, and we must do our best to stop him. I charge you with determining the best plan and enacting it to the best of your ability. And to not inform me, or anyone that might be in contact with the Imperialists of what the details are.”
“Sir!” said Delta, quite concerned.
“Fabrizio, the money bag”, commanded Sir Rault.
“Sir?” said Fabrizio, with some reluctance. After a glare he got it out.
After checking it briefly, Sir Rault tossed it to Delta. Fabrizio’s eyes followed it hungrily. “Spend what you need to achieve this cause. Pay yourselves a respectable fee as long as you can pursue this. And, when you have done what you can, return anything that is left to my estate at your convenience.” He smiled and nodded to her. “Should you ever consider leaving the mercenary business, be it known that you, or any of your company, have an open offer of employment as a retainer to me. Or, at least, I am more than welcome to write a letter of reference to your excellence.”
Delta swallowed hard. “I’m not sure, sir…”
“Of course you aren’t”, said Sir Rault. “Modesty makes for better decision making. But I am sure. Go now. Do not speak to me further so I can’t reveal any more.”
Delta got up, a bit in shock. Zipper followed too, eyes mostly on the purse. They both saluted and left.
 
“Sky Father above!” swore Zipper. “How much is in there?” They had gone back to the barn, and Delta stood there, lost in thought. “What are we going to do?”
Delta closed her eyes and tried to envisage a map she once saw. “Head south. There’s a big river that runs between Ancourt and Metzre. This close to the lake shore I think there are only two crossings. If they keep to the coast, they’ll head for the downstream one. So, we should make for the upstream one. We should warn anyone we pass, but overall try to get word to Avenio.”
Zipper blinked several times. “Man. That guy had you pegged!” she said with delight. “He puts the fate of the world on yours shoulder, and two minutes later you have a plan.”
Delta rolled her eyes. “It’s not a good plan. But it’s something to start with.” She bent down and touched Gwen. “Time to get up.” Gwen roused, and looked around groggily.
“Dusk and dawn”, said Zipper. “We should do most of our travel then. Hunker down otherwise. We’ll be, on average, most alert then, and when stopped, those not resting will be their widest awake.”
“See”, smirked Delta. “You can do it too. Especially when it involves mealtimes.”
“Hey!” protested Zipper. “My stomach proved extremely useful back there. Totally found a key to their operation.”
“Let’s see how many miles we can put between us and this place”, said Delta. For a moment she stopped and contemplated Fabrizio’s horse. It was a fine animal. Well trained, sturdy, and could go for hours. It would be within her rights to take it. For the cause.
But then Zipper lumbered past with her donkey. Delta sighed. That was the bottleneck. Having her own bit of fine horseflesh wouldn’t help there. There was no point in intentionally pissing off Fabrizio. She started to saddle the horse she had been given. At least, with the pouch of money, she would be able to afford its fodder.
The sun was still an hour or two from setting, but it was low enough that Gwen could get by with just the deep hood. Delta looked down the road towards Lyre, and up and down the countryside around them.
“Let’s head back in the direction of Montihouse until we come to some cover. Then we should cut over the fields as much to the south as we can.” She made hand gestures for Gwen to follow.
“It will be slow going”, said Zipper. “Either lanes or hedgerows to deal with.”
Delta shrugged. “At least it will be downhill. It’s got to go back down again anyway if I remember that river rightly.”
“Should I pop in quickly to stock up on food?” asked Zipper, hopefully.
“No”, Delta laughed. “Let’s not bankrupt these farmers. We’ve enough for now, and money to buy more later.”
They set off.

Chapter 19 – Scouting South
The terrain south of Lyre was largely civilized, but that didn’t help. All the laneways were designed to facilitate transport from the fields to the village and were not that helpful for going in a specific direction other than the village. There were mostly planted fields as well, rather than pasture, which was harder to traverse. Even if they had been willing to just trample the crops, the soil was well tilled and heavy beasts like the horse and donkey did not find good footing in it.
Gwen had her work cut out for her. She went ahead, as much as possible, on Johnson, scouting out the lanes and which ones connected to others in directions they wanted to go in. She would come back and advise them which way to go or would leave markers at the intersections.
Their general trend was more south west than south. That seemed more the inclination of the paths they found, and Gwen reported that just going straight south often led to marshy ground. Overall to avoid having to traverse too many fields they ended up going to the local high ground.
Delta called a halt to it when they reached the top of a modest knoll and found the tumbled remains of some stone building. All that was left was a mounded ring of stones, with a gap in one side. But there was more than ample space for their horses, and it was overgrown with bushes, which made it easy to stay out of sight.
Zipper and Delta hunkered down for half a night’s rest, while Gwen did some longer-range scouting and kept a shorter-range lookout. It was somewhat freeing, to be out, alone, with just her and her wolf. The moon was both new and absent, so there were only the stars to illuminate things, which suited her perfectly.
On her own she could range much more widely, and, even without mountain peaks to guide her, she had a good head for geography and was happy enough that she could find her way back. So, she explored up and down the length of the countryside.
There was a marsh to the south, which she guessed was the flood plain of the river Delta remembered. It seemed to trend more south west to north east, rather than just west to east. To the far west, there was a line of trees. She followed it far enough north and south to be sure it was an actual forest, rather than just a stand or a line planted along a road.
That meant their way forward at next march was between the two. It was all scattered farmlands for as far as she ranged, but it remained to be seen if that continued, or the trees eventually reached the marsh and created a dilemma for them.
Although not abandoned, the land was sparse, and there was plenty of game about the place. In a particularly rich area Gwen dismounted, and let Johnston cavort about, catching rabbits and rodents, and bringing them to her to bag for later.
She massaged her legs, where she still felt pins and needles. When she looked at them, she just felt emptiness. It was as if she should feel more, but whatever was in that elixir they gave took away the pain both outside and inside. It was just now the way she was.
Johnston brought her another small furry creature. She skinned and gutted it by instinct, mumbling a propitiatory offering to Thule over the entrails, praying for continued indifference. It was a strange and different world she lived in now. The tribeless here often did things that made no sense to her at all. But some of them were things like letting her live, and, even beyond that, taking care of her. Her hand fell to her bow. And she now saw that she was of use to them. So, there was logic there. Just different logic.
The breezes blew, and the stars wheeled overhead. They had not changed. It was a good spring night, although much warmer down in the plains than in the mountains. She missed not being able to see the land around her. But it did have the advantage of being able to go further.
She called to Johnston. She had gone far, and it was time to go back. There was probably still a bit of time before the others woke to at least sear the meat Johnson had caught. It would keep better that way.
They loped back over the countryside, scattering a few flocks as they went. Dawn was still far off, but the night was waning, and the animals out and about knew it. Those who slept by day were finishing off their tasks and seeking shelter.
Delta cracked her eyes when she came into camp, nodded faintly, and went back to sleep. Much like the horse and donkey, who twitched at the smell of wolf, but had gotten used to it enough to not wake. Zipper didn’t move at all.
When the bare smudge of light touched the east Gwen woke the others.  They seemed worried about the fire, but happy it wasn’t smoking, and pleased at a meal of warm meat.
Gwen sketched out, as best she could, what she had seen. They exchanged words for forest, pools, hills, and the different game animals she had caught. They were a long way from being fluent in each other’s language, but progress was being made and they most often communicated in a crazy mixture of the two languages. She was even starting to understand a few of the jokes that Zipper laughed so much at.
They wrapped up their meal quickly enough, and Gwen lead them off through what remained of the night. Progress was quick until dawn, as she had mapped out the road. But after that they ranged beyond where she had scouted, into unknown territory.
The forest was visible now to the west as a mass of leafy green trees. They weren’t as dark as the conifers of the mountains, but there was a lot of underbrush which would make for difficult going.
To the east it was open, but that was just appearances. There were dense thickets and patches of marshy ground. The fields had all but ended. There were only a few small patches that were high enough not to be swampy, but free enough of rocks not to be allowed to succumb to trees.
They threaded their way between these two sides at odds even with nature. Any game trail they met, or small stream, went between west and east, and not the north to south they were trying to traverse.
Gwen noticed that Delta kept scanning the skyline ahead of them. Her eyes had mainly been to the two sides, to avoid hazards. Although the increasing daylight made it harder for her to see well.
“Why look?” asked Gwen, drawing alongside of her. She had risen in her stirrups for a good look ahead.
“Look castle”, said Delta. She paused looking for the right words. “There swamp. There forest.” She pointed to either side. “Enemy. North. South.” She mimed people marching the way they came. “Put castle where go enemy.” she concluded.
Gwen thought she understood now. This was a mountain pass. They were moving from the Montihouse tribe’s area to another tribe. It made sense that the pass would be fortified. And, if they were near to such a place, it would be wise to declare themselves to them, so their peaceful intent be known.
It was about an hour later, when the sun was up enough to burn off the mist from the marsh, that Delta called out. Gwen had her hood drawn down deep by then. Her eyes watered in bright sunlight and she felt all but useless as a scout. But Delta seemed to have seen something and called them forward.
They had to trudge a bit further before Gwen could make it out, shading her eyes from the sun. A large grey monolith stood on some slightly higher ground, separated from the trees. Or, given the regular edge, it seemed that the trees had been cut down in a radius around it.
The building was rectangular, with quarried stones forming the corners, and what looked like generally collected rubble filling in the walls between. The top was fitted out with a wooden palisade and jutted out over the stonework. She could just make a few figures on top, silhouetted by the bright sky.
Delta engaged in a shouted conversation with them, most of which Gwen couldn’t follow. She just sagged in the saddle, resting her eyes for a bit. Eventually the negotiations finished, and Zipper led the animals forward.
There was a door in the side of the keep large enough for the horse to fit through. There were narrow slits to either side, behind which they could see men, wary of some last-minute subterfuge. Gwen craned her neck upwards, and there was another person, watching intently through slits in the wooden walkway directly above the gate.
But there was no drama. They were led inside, to a hay strewn open area, that took up the entire base of the building. There were water troughs and a few stalls, clearly set up for animals, although there were no others here at the moment. A pile of firewood filled one side, and hay was stacked on shelves protruding from the wall. Preserved food hung from the rafters.
Once the animals were sorted, they were led up a narrow staircase to the next level. It was pleasantly dark in here, the few narrow windows let in only a little light. There was a fireplace with a fire going, and a meal the people here had been heating up. There was a large table with some substantial chairs set up about it.
It looked like three guards lived here. But their duties were light enough that they all felt they could talk to the new people rather than keep look out. The guests and hosts combined provisions and made a meal of it while Delta and the one of them that was in charge discussed specifics. They had moved Gwen from Johnston to one of the chairs and pulled up trunk sections for the others to sit on. They were quite surprised to see a mercenary without the use of her legs, but Gwen could catch only a few words. From the tone, she guessed Zipper was bragging about her prowess with a bow.
Gwen kept her hood up for most of this and ate the food that was passed to her, rather than reaching out. It was the usual bland, tasteless, affair, so she wasn’t picky. And she knew the less she drew attention to the fact she was a goblin, the easier it would go.
Once Zipper had her initial fill, she seemed to take notice, and became much more attentive to passing Gwen a more than adequate supply of stuff. She couldn’t follow much of what was said, but it was clear Zipper was emphasizing that Gwen had caught most of the fresh game, which the guards seemed to find most refreshing.
When the meal was largely over, Zipper helped Gwen over to one of the palettes. She cleaned her up, something that still highly embarrassed Gwen, and sat with her for a bit, practicing words. Then she left her go to sleep.

Chapter 20 – Banbury Tower
Delta talked with the guards of the tower for hours. They didn’t have a map, but they knew the local area well, and she tried to glean as much as she could from them. They were in Banbury Tower, which was actually in Metzre not Ancourt. The Count Ancourt’s land started on the other side of the river. It was difficult to cross the river for several miles in either direction with horse or man. It was wide and swampy. The locals (and smugglers, which is what the tower mainly watched for) used small shallow draft boats for the large part when they needed to. They had a collection of them that they had confiscated.
She had guessed right in that this was the narrowest point between the marshy ground of the river and the forest. The land opened up again after this with fields and lanes eventually leading to the village of Crebanne, with its bridge over the river.
They had moved onto the roof to give Gwen some quiet. But also, the light was better, the breeze was fresh, and the guards could keep to their nominal lookout duty. Their names were Gedeon, Leonico, and Josheba, and they worked for the Baronet of Crebanne. It was fairly light duty, but also somewhat isolated, so they were glad of the company.
They greeted tales of invading armies with a lot of skepticism. They had heard about a revolt up north in Monttice but had generally put it down to Orcish exuberance and exaggerated tales of some raid from The Bright Republic. Either that or being too close to Jokamachi and their strange foreign ways. This did not deter them from listening intently and speculating on the implications if these mercenaries were telling the truth rather than just trying to get a free meal out of them. This was, apparently, a lot more interesting than looking after the pigeons they kept in a dovecote on the roof to supplement their food.
When the sun was halfway down the sky Delta called an end to it. If she understood rightly, they should be able to make it to Brinklow Tower, in another stretch, and sleep for the night there. Gedeon gave her some call codes that should assure them of their honesty.
They roused Gwen, had a quick bite to eat, and started getting the animals ready. But there was a large ‘thunk’ and a squawk from Zipper as she was leading the donkey out the door. A large arrow was protruding from it, quivering.
Zipper dropped to the floor, not letting go of the donkey’s rein and pulling it back into the darkness. “Gwen”, called Delta, “Go Gedeon. Go look.” After Zipper was in cover, she reached out with her glaive and used the hook to draw the door back. Zipper dropped the bar into place when it was shut.
“What in Grave Keeper’s domain was that?” asked Zipper.
Delta had moved to the slits next to the door. “There are people under the eaves of the forest”, she said. “We’d better go topside and have a look.”
Zipper checked the bar on the door one final time and followed Delta up the stairs. They passed Gwen on the middle level. She was trying to see what she could from the slits at this height. She motioned them onwards and upward.
At the top, the three guards were watching intently from under cover of the wooden hoardings. “Those aren’t smugglers!” said Gedeon. “Friends of yours?”
“That would be alarming” said Delta. She nodded to Zipper to check the back out. This could be just a distraction. Then she looked out her own slit to see what she could make of it.
A number of figures were emerging from the woods. There were four shields giving cover to a Dwarf with an axe, and a woman with a long bow. Their large, door like shields and archaic armor was a giveaway. “Imperialists”, swore Delta.
“Maybe they were telling the truth”, muttered Leonico to Josheba.
“All clear on this side”, said Zipper, coming back. “By Water Bearer, how did they find us so fast?”
“Water Bearer, indeed”, said Delta, grimly. “They are certainly in the favor of the goddess of Magic.”
An arrow arched out through the slit in the floor below them and hit the ground in the general area of the advancing people. The woman with the bow, who appeared to be their commander, called a halt. The shields planted themselves, and they hunkered down behind them, forming a visual barrier.
Delta glanced over at the bows the guards had stowed against the wall. They were the same design as Gwen’s bow, and didn’t have the range to be accurate at this distance. “I don’t suppose you have any crossbows?” she asked, hopefully.
“No”, said Gedeon. “I’ve asked, but they just laughed.”
“I’m laughing now”, said Zipper. She looked through a loophole. “What are they doing? They can’t really think they can attack us with only six of them.”
“It depends on what other magic they have”, said Delta. “Or they could just be pinning us down until reinforcements arrive.”
“Yeah, or maybe they’re auditioning to join Wight’s Brigade”, said Zipper. “That kind of gutsy maneuver is our trademark.”
The guards shot a few arrows anyway, just to show some spirit. One got close enough to clatter off of a shield. Their commander didn’t even duck.
“Can any of these pigeons take messages?” asked Delta. Gedeon shook his head. “How about a signal fire? Would anyone come?”
“I don’t think there’s anyone close enough”, said Gedeon.
“They don’t know that”, said Zipper. Delta looked at her questioningly. “If we start acting like we’re sending a signal, they might decide they need to force the issue, and actually get within stabbing range.”
Delta grinned. “That’s the best idea I’ve heard yet.” She turned to Gedeon and the other two. “I know you probably don’t want to get drawn into this. But you’ve got enemy troops marching through your territory. I’m not asking you to go toe-to-toe with them. But are you willing to defend this place?”
The guards exchanged glances. “Sure”, said Gedeon. “It’s probably worth a bonus from his lordship.”
Delta nodded. “Ready your bows but hold your fire till they’re close.” She turned to Zipper. “Go fill in Gwen. Start a big fire and find some wet straw to put on it. That should make some good smoke. And put the largest pot you have on to boil.” She smiled and nodded at the wooden hoardings. “Looks like they’ve got a machicolation here. I’ve never got to use one before.”
She kneeled down and blew the dust off of the boards. Where the wooden planks protruded over the edge of the wall, there was an inset panel. She used her knife to pry open two rings in it and tugged. It was rather stiff so Leonico came over to help. The two of them were able to pop it out and, sure enough, it looked down right over the main door.
“One more thing”, she said to herself. She went down the stairs all the way to where the animals were. She made sure they were secure in their pens, with enough fodder to keep them busy if things got interesting. Then she unpacked their tabards.
She brought them up to the kitchen and passed them out. “One way or another, we should be making our mark”, she said. The others grinned and helped each other pull them over their armor.
Delta went back up to the battlements and stood up on a barrel in full view, the sinking sun shining full on her. She could see the unit’s leader watching her speculatively. After a few minutes, the woman raised her hands, cupping her mouth. “Hello, the tower!” she called out.
Delta cupped her hands, likewise. “Hello, the field.”
“Major Kanni, Ninth Army of the Empire”, she shouted back.
“Captain Delta, Wight’s Company”, Delta replied.
Kanni nodded and spoke to the others. Then she turned back. “We claim this tower as a strategic asset to the reformed Empire. Will you relinquish it to us?”
“You will have to take that up with Baronet Crebanne”, Delta called back. “If he agrees, we will relinquish.”
They conversed for a while. Then Major Kanni replied, “I believe your contract is with Sir Rault of Straslais, not Baronet Crebanne. You are not compelled to defend this tower.”
Delta smiled. “If you are willing to withdraw and promise to offer no obstacle or harm to me and my unit completing our mission for Sir Rault of Straslais, I will quit this tower.” She heard the others stiffening behind her. But she made a placating gesture behind her back.
They discussed that for quite some time. Eventually she called back. “We seem to be at an impasse. We will stay here, and you will stay there, until the situation changes. Should you wish to surrender at any time you may do so. We will treat you honorably.”
“Thank you”, Delta called back. “We offer to you the same terms.” That got a laugh from her guards.
Delta had started to smell wet hay, and guessed without turning, that the chimney was now spouting gouts of smoke. She grinned as the troops in the field noticed it. They watched for a moment, and then an animated discussion started.

Chapter 21 – When to Surrender
“Here they come”, shouted Delta. She had been watching the deliberations from the battlements. When the Major drew her bow, she slipped behind a hoarding out of prudence. The shot went wide, but it cost them precious seconds as their line started their sprint towards the keep.
The three guards jumped up, bows ready, and fired off as many shots as they could at the approaching troops. They were well disciplined, though, and the four shields kept their guard high, with the other two crouching below. A few arrows clattered off the shields, but none managed to do any harm.
“Gedeon, keep firing. Keep their heads down”, ordered Delta. “Leonico and Josheba, check if the kettle has boiled. Bring it up and dump it on them. I’ll back up Zipper on the gate, see what they’re up to.”
Delta belted down the stairs, calling encouragement to Gwen as she passed. She hurtled down to the bottom floor and asked, “What’s going on?”
“Hard to say”, said Zipper. There was a rhythmic pounding on the door. “That just started up. I think it’s the dwarf with the axe.” She was bobbing back and forth next to the right hand slit by the door, angling for a view. “I can’t see much from here, but that they’re there and holding their shields up to block the arrows.”
Delta felt the inside of the door. It was sturdy, but it wouldn’t hold out forever against a determined axe. Dwarves were supposed to be experts at this sort of thing, anyway.
Zipper grinned. “Well, now that you’re here, let’s get started.”
Delta looked over and Zipper had arranged some crates and a barrel next to the left slit.
“Arrows aren’t the only thing that can go through an arrow slit”, chortled Zipper. She stepped up on a low box in front of it, quietly and peered through.
Delta followed her lead and got up on the barrels behind her. From this vantage point she could see better. What she saw told her that the four shields were on either side of the door, arms held high forming an arch with their shields over the other two. The dwarf was in the middle, pounding away at the door. She wasn’t quite sure where the Major was.
Zipper saw her opening and lunged suddenly. There was a sharp cry and a howl of indignation from the other side of the slit. Delta caught a brief glimpse of a pale white face behind a helmet peering in with a very angry look on it. Then she brought her glaive down heavy on the helmet and it disappeared. Zipper lunged again, for good measure, but didn’t connect with anything.
There was a curse in a language Delta had never heard before and a large scutum shield slammed over the arrow slit. Zipper lunged at this, but it only pressed it a little bit back. The leverage was on the shield’s side this time.
Zipper motioned quickly to Delta to keep it up. So, Delta did a few thrusts and swings. It didn’t have any greater effect than Zipper, but while she did it, Zipper tip-toed over to the other slit, jumped up, and shot a lunge through it. She was rewarded with a great howl that had to come from one of the orcish troops.
Another shield slammed up against the second slit and Zipper grinned. She poked at it several times to keep it in place, grinning like the cat who ate the canary.
“What have you got planned next?” asked Delta.
“Me?” said Zipper, innocently. “Not a thing. Just stand ready. If our boys upstairs have their heads about them, I expect that they would…”
She didn’t have to finish. There was a large woosh and screams and shouts from the other side of the door. Zipper leaped up and started stabbing at anything that moved. Delta, likewise, took what targets of opportunity she could, while they were in disarray. The zips of arrows indicated that those above were doing likewise. The hacking at the door had stopped.
There were more yelps and barked orders from the Major. There were clunks and shuffles as their immediate targets disappeared from sight. The rate of arrow fire also slackened off. Delta scanned left and right but couldn’t see anything through the slit. She turned to Zipper, but she shrugged as well.
Delta stepped back and ventured up the stairs enough to get her head up to the second level. Gwen looked over at her from the window. She mimed, with her hands, a small pyramid, and pointed downwards. Delta nodded and went back down.
“Gwen says that they’ve pulled their formation in and made a steeper shield wall.” Tentatively, the hacking on the door started up again.
Zipper shrugged. “It was never going to take them out, only slow them down.” She looked around. “We can stack up more stuff, make it harder for them to get through. The two of us can hold them off on the stairs for a while.”
Delta shook her head. “That just buys more time. It doesn’t win the battle.” She thought furiously. “If we can’t stop them taking the tower, what does that leave us?”
“Not being in the tower”, said Zipper, sarcastically.
Delta looked sidelong at the slit. “They’re going to be pretty busy; we probably could slip down the walls and out.” She looked the other way at the animal stalls. “But without the animals, we couldn’t get far before they caught us.”
“Not to mention getting Johnston down a rope”, said Zipper. She was still craning to see something out the window.
“No”, agreed Delta. “We’d need a hammock or some sort of cradle.” Then she grinned. “Keep an eye on things down here. I’m going to have a word with the boys.”
She stepped up the stairs, lively, and gave a thumb’s up to Gwen and called encouragement to Leonico and Josheba, who were refilling the pot. She came out on the top where Gedeon was peering despondently through the slit, looking for a target for his bow.
“It was a good try”, he said.
“It’s not over yet”, said Delta. He looked up, curious. She lowered her voice. “The last battle I was in with these guys I ended up surrendering and was treated quite well. They even gave me a contract afterwards.”
“You want to surrender?” he asked.
“Not quite”, said Delta. “I’m saying this to you to reassure you. Let’s get everyone together on the main floor.
Then went back down and called up Zipper, quietly.
Zipper shook her head coming up. “They’re chopping again. Lower down. They had to start over though. I thought I might get them under the bottom of the door.” She shook her fingers at the guards. “But your construction is too good. The threshold is too flat.” Gedeon shrugged apologetically.
“Here’s what we’re going to do”, said Delta. She then outlined her plan to them. They thought about it for a short time, and then began to grin.
It took the attackers another forty minutes to break through the door into the first floor. “They’re in” called Gedeon, who was watching through the machicolation.
“That’s our signal”, said Delta. “Go. Go. Go.”
She and Zipper hefted up one of the light, shallow smuggler’s boats they had confiscated and stowed about the tower. A rope had been tied around either side and they lowered it gently down the side of the hoarding. With gentle clicks, Gwen coaxed a nervous Johnston up the side and onto the boat. He cautiously pawed the boat, and with further urging stepped into it, and with another command settled. Gwen stroked him reassuringly between the shoulder blades and nodded.
Delta and Zipper slowly started hand-over-handing the rope, lowering as close to each other as possible. Gedeon looked out over the edge and gave them hand signals to keep it level.
Down below they heard a thump and a crash. There was a banging, and a groaning, and another crash. “Just a little longer”, Delta muttered. But then the rope went slack. “She’s down!” cried Delta. “Go Gedeon! Leonico and Josheba may have piled half the keep on that kitchen table, but those orcs are strong. Go down and sit on it and keep them busy as long as you can.” She grabbed him as he turned to leave. “Don’t take any risks. Surrender when you need to.”
He grinned at her, saluted, and bounded down the stairs.
After first checking where Gwen was, they picked up a few bundles of hastily packed gear and tossed them over the edge. Then they took the ends of the ropes they had lowered the boat with and tied them around their waists.
“I am very much not looking forward to this”, said Zipper. They now leaned out over the hoardings, holding the loose end tightly, and stepped off into space. Cautiously they fed the rope up, hand over hand, lowering themselves down the side of the tower. They both slipped, occasionally, but were able to catch themselves. Their heavy war gloves saved them from getting rope burn. Shaking, and covered with sweat, they made it to the bottom.
They panted to get their breath back. Gwen was ready, next to the skiff, and they all grinned at each other. Soundlessly, they coiled the rope into the boat, added the packs, and Zipper and Delta hefted it up. They started walking it down to the marsh.
Gwen went first, through the darkening light. The sun was below the horizon now. There were the traces of a path here, which were hard to make out. But the wolf was good at finding the more solid ground amidst the swampy ground, and was able to pick it out.
“How long do you think it will take them to work it out?” asked Zipper.
“Long enough, I hope”, said Delta. “The lads were pretty motivated.”
“It’s the most action they’ve seen in… forever”, said Zipper. “And they get to say they fought side by side with Wight’s Brigade!”
There was a popping noise and they turned to see a bright white light zip up from the top of the tower. It hovered high in the air and blinked several times in a specific pattern. It repeated twice, and then went out.
“I guess they worked it out”, said Delta.
“Water”, said Gwen. The ground had ceased to be merely soggy, and pools had opened up. Many of them were connected, and a slow, but definite, trickle streamed between the nearest two.
“Time for a boat trip!” said Zipper.

Chapter 22 – The Inn at the Bridge
Navigating the swamp was difficult at first. It was extremely shallow, and they ran aground frequently. Although roomy for contraband, three people, packs and a wolf made it rather cramped. They had to get out to get the boat loose when they ran up against a shoal that was more gravel than silt. They took the opportunity to get their armor off, and pack it, and tie their belongings down more securely.
After that it went better. Gwen could see the best and was using Zipper’s spear to pole themselves along when the current was too weak. As they got away from the periphery the water got deeper and they beached less often. Things were steady enough by midnight that Delta and Zipper bedded down and nodded off. They had got to what was the main flow by then, and Gwen really just had the nudge the boat now and again to keep them drifting downstream at a reasonable pace.
By the time dawn was approaching the streams had collected together and become a respectable river. They had a cold breakfast while drifting past pastoral scenes. The odd collection of cows looked at them with detached expressions while they chewed their own meals.
The number of farm buildings slowly increased until they saw a line ahead crossing the river. “That must be the bridge at Crebanne”, said Zipper.
Delta took the pole from Gwen and began directing them towards the southern side. “I don’t see troops”, said Delta. “We may have beat them here.”
Zipper splashed out as they got close to the shore and pulled the boat up against the bank. There were a few other boats there, of sturdier construction, and a number of people watched curiously from them, and from an inn that was perched on the bank above them.
They moved Gwen to the shady side of the bridge, stacked their possessions there, and dragged the boat further up. Delta pulled her armor out and looked disappointed at the muddy tabard. “I should go and report to the Baronet”, she said. “I just wish I looked better.”
“Oh, you’ll do fine”, said Zipper. “At least you look like you’ve been in a fight.”
Delta handed her some coins from the purse. “Why don’t you see if you can get us a place to sleep the day off at the inn. I think the Knight’s budget should cover that after what we’ve done.”
“And food!” said Zipper.
Delta nodded, resignedly. Then she beat what mud she could off her tabard and looked for someone to tell her the way to the Baronet’s residence.
Zipper figured a goblin and wolf were enough to scare away anyone from messing with their baggage and trudged up the slope to the inn in good spirits.
The place was larger than she expected for a village of this size, but the proximity to the river and bridge probably brought them more customers passing through than the local population warranted. They were pleasant but bemused. Gossip had already spread of her arrival from upstream rather than downstream and speculation was rife. She played up their roles as heroic mercenaries, hinted at fighting for the Baronet, but left the details vague and mysterious.
Not knowing Delta’s plans, she managed to negotiate for a room until sundown, rather than a palette and soon had a collection of children happy to move their stuff from the river side to the room for a few pennies. Gwen gave them pause, but Zipper brushed her off as a “special agent”.
Once in the room, Zipper closed the shutters to make it as dim as possible for Gwen. They then went through their belongings, taking stock of what they had, and cleaning and drying what had gotten sodden during the boat trip. They used it as an opportunity to exchange and practice more vocabulary.
“Looks like we’re going to have to restock our food”, said Zipper, with a complete lack of disappointment.
“Sell boat”, said Gwen. “This bridge, zero enemy. That bridge, one enemy. No go that bridge.”
Zipper nodded. “I doubt I’ll get much for it. But that will be discretionary funds. We can spend it on anything, not just mission requirements.” She grinned and tried to convey the concept in simpler words for Gwen. “I buy. What need?” she asked in goblin.
Gwen looked around at their stuff. “Blanket”, she said. Those were bulky when not rolled up and hadn’t made it into their quick packs.
“Blanket”, Zipper agreed. She gave Johnson a scratch on the head. “Bones.” And she set off downstairs.
The lunch crowd had come in early. Apparently, they were the most interesting thing that happened in a while. Zipper bought them a round of drinks to put them in a good mood and then opened bidding for their boat. Their first offers were very low and given by the universal agreement among them that it was a good price, so she knew this was not to her advantage. She pointed out that, quite rightly, she had to sell and any money was better than chopping it up for firewood, but didn’t the others think it was a little unfair that just one of them should get an advantage over them by increasing their services at such low a rate? That got them thinking, and a few more bids started coming in. Zipper let them build up steam as they remembered old rivalries, and then she started talking about the storied history of the boat, and how when her Captain said she could tell them the full story, they would not regret owning a boat that had been pivotal to such things.
Zipper was quite pleased with the final count. Pleased enough to buy another round of drinks before buyer’s remorse kicked in. The landlord was pleased enough with the custom she had driven to let her have whatever scraps and bones were left in the kitchen for free.
Delta came in as the crowd was thinning out. She looked tired, dirty, and dejected. Zipper slid a mug of weak wine over the table to her. She sat down heavily.
“I’m guessing I did better than you”, said Zipper. She grinned and pushed over her profit. “Got this for the boat.”
Delta nodded absently and sipped at the mug, then picked up some leftover crusts. “When the Baronet finally saw me, he was deeply skeptical. He seems less so now, but I’m not sure he’s really going to take the due consideration he needs to take. He only really started taking me seriously after he offered some token compensation for the loss of the horse and donkey and I asked him to send it on to Sir Rault since they were borrowed from him. He finally accepted at that point that I wasn’t just trying to shake him down for money.”
“Give him a day or two to come around”, said Zipper. “Once the troops come marching through.”
“Unless they go through Havdeauxco. That’s the village at the other bridge.”
“Should we warn them?” said Zipper.
“If they are going that way, they’ll be there before we can get there”, said Delta. “I did get a look at one of the Baronet’s maps. This general of theirs seems big into feints and counter maneuvers. The straightforward way is down the coast road. But if he makes as if he’s coming here, like he made as if he was going for Lyre, he could do something to draw attention here first.”
Zipper peered out the window. “Well, if he can do it by about 4pm Gwen should just be waking up and we can get on our way. That’s assuming you consider that we’re still hired and need to spread the word more.”
“Sir Rault left it rather vague”, said Delta. “But his money is good, and I don’t really feel the job is done yet.” She sighed. “But it’s a long walk to Metzre.”
“Ah”, said Zipper. “Just so happens I have a pretty good lead on a horse and wagon, if you wish”, she said.
Delta smiled faintly. “And provisions as well, I’m sure.”
“Of course!” said Zipper. “Speaking of which, I should take these up to Johnston before they get, well, less fresh.” She picked up the plate of scraps and bones and went off to their room.
Delta made sure the landlord had been paid up and arranged for a bath and to have their tabards laundered. The landlord was very curious as to all the hints Zipper had dropped. Delta was unsure how much to tell him. On the one hand, these people could do with being warned. On the other hand, she didn’t want to go against the Baronet’s wishes.
Zipper may have worked up the lunchtime crowd, who were as like as not to embellish anything said. But they were gone now, and it was just Delta and the innkeeper. She decided to level with him and give her best military style report of what she had seen, from Cleres all the way up to Banbury Tower. She kept to just what she had personally observed and didn’t add any of her speculation.
The landlord took it all in, nodded a few times, and said that he would make sure his shutters were in good order. He also offered the services of one of his daughters, to run errands to collect whatever they needed if they were going to leave town to warn others.
She hadn’t made a decision on that, but this decided it for her. The landlord of the inn in the town where she grew up wasn’t what she would call wise, but he did strike a good balance between what was good for the community and what was good for himself. She didn’t trust the Baronet, with his personal guards and fortified house, to weigh the concerns as even handedly. If this man felt that a broader alert was warranted, then it was a barometer she should probably pay attention to.
“Thank you”, she said. “We’ll be out of the room before sundown.”

Chapter 23 – Training
The wagon Zipper acquired was serviceable, but hardly in top condition. As for the two donkeys that came with it, one was old and fat, and the second young and scrawny. “I’m not sure which is worse”, said Zipper. “We’ll be constantly pulling to the left.”
The road out of Crebanne that headed towards Metzre was not much of a thoroughfare. Once out of sight of the village it became a deeply rutted track. Fortunately, the weather had not been rainy recently and the mud was dry enough not to offer any hindrance.
Since this was brigade property, and not just something borrowed, they could modify it as needed. Delta worked away, snagging sticks from roadside thickets, and rigged up a covered portion, where Gwen could sleep by day and the two humans sleep by night. She cut the ends off the rope and made loops for them to store their pole arms in secure, but readily accessible positions.
“We must be getting serious”, quipped Zipper. “We’ve got a baggage train now!”
Delta patted the side of the wagon as she walked along next to it. “The brigade is definitely going places. With our daytime and nighttime shifts, we could make really good time.”
“Especially if the donkeys didn’t need to sleep”, said Zipper.
Delta ratcheted her expectations back. “There is that.” She looked up at the sun, which was getting lower. “Well, let’s make what distance we can today.”
“Sure”, said Zipper. “It’s not like we can miss the trail. The ruts are so deep we’d have trouble going anywhere other than the trail.”
Gwen perked up a while later and they continued talking to each other, expanding their vocabulary to the flora, fauna, and geographical features they could pick out in the fading light.
It was fully dark when Gwen spied another tower of similar design to Banbury Tower that Delta had her on the lookout for. She had seen this on the map, and it seemed a good stopping point.
“Should we scare the crap out of them with the stories of our last visit?” asked Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “I’m kind of inclined to avoid towers all together.” The eaves of another forest had been closing on the road from the western side. “Let’s see if we can get the wagon out of these ruts and find somewhere in a thicket where the woods start out of view of the road.”
“I’ll miss a fire”, said Zipper, “But at least we’ll be off the ground.”
With everyone out of the wagon, it wasn’t too hard to coax it over the turf. Gwen scouted about a bit and gave them the thumbs up for the location. They settled down and ate the choicest part of the provisions they had brought.
“We won’t make it all the way to Metzre tomorrow”, said Delta. “But we should get most of the way there. I don’t expect there to be much ahead on the road. It’s behind us I’m more concerned about.” She tried switching to goblin. “Forward, no danger. Backward, maybe danger. Gwen scout backward, until sun.”
Gwen understood the gist of what she wanted, but they went over the grammar a few times. They were doing pretty good on basic nouns and verbs. Stringing them together is where things got complicated.
After they had eaten, Gwen loped off on Johnston. Zipper combed down the donkeys and staked them out on a long tether. Delta rearranged the blankets to suit the two of them, cleaned and stowed the dinnerware.
“Next village”, said Delta, “we need to pick up a saw and some basic tools. It would be nice to have set places to stow our things.”
“Village girl”, said Zipper, teasingly. “We country folk would just throw it all in a sack, barbarians that we are.”
Delta smiled. “Yep. I’m flashing back to the town carpenter. You got me there.”
“What you really want is a gypsy caravan. We’d get those passing through in Galacia. They were built to be lived in. All sorts of nooks and crannies. Great for contraband.” She laughed. “Not much chance of that though. They’d cut you six ways to Tuesday just for asking a price.”
“I’m not sure it would work if we ever get up to a full six”, said Delta.
“We’d just have to get two!”, said Zipper. They watched the stars for a while. “Who do you plan to get for the next three?”
Delta snorted. “I didn’t exactly plan to get a nocturnal archer as the third. I didn’t even really plan on being Captain. It just sort of happened.”
Zipper let that sit for a bit, and then said, “You’re good at it.” Delta made a deprecating noise. “No, really. Far better than I would ever be.” She considered. “Well, I’d be terrible. I think we both know that. But even so.”
“Let’s just see how things go”, said Delta. “I just keep hoping that, maybe, we’ll meet up with another brigade that is short three, and we’d just join them and be done with it.”
Zipper huffed. “Doesn’t seem likely. As you said, we’re kind of a random collection. Who would take us?” She shifted around under her blanket. “Besides. We’re Wight’s Brigade. They should join us.”
“Thank you for your confidence”, said Delta, only a little sarcastically. “Let’s just see what we can make of it.”
They fell quiet then, and then fell asleep. Delta woke a few times, and waited for a bit, trying to work out what had roused her. But all she heard were night noises. At least until a bit before morning when Gwen returned.
She had lit a small fire and was boiling water. The thin moon had risen in the sky, heralding the sun. “Breakfast”, Gwen explained. “Then report.”
Delta nodded, and then began the process of waking Zipper up. By the time Zipper was coherent, Gwen had a porridge boiled of some oats they had brought and scraps of dried food they had left.
“It’s not what I would have made”, said Zipper. “But it’s hot and I’m not complaining.”
“How far?” asked Delta when they were all settled. The sun was just starting to rise.
Gwen nodded and focused. “Saw village. Road guards.” She tapped the side of her cheek. “Went more. Saw bridge. Bridge guards.” She tapped her cheek again. “Went more. Saw fires. Six fires in woods. Large fires. Camp fires.”
“They are coming that way”, said Zipper. “The guy should have listened to you.” Delta motioned her calm. Gwen wasn’t finished.
“Johnston smell. No army. Just fires.” Gwen nodded. “Like Lyre. No army.”
Delta snapped her fingers. “Tricks. Tricks. These insurgents are all about tricks. They’re always wanting you to think they are where they aren’t.”
“Sounds pretty smart to me”, said Zipper.
“Yes”, said Delta, rubbing her head. “It’s textbook. Everyone knows that. But few people can pull it off.” She looked back to Gwen and switched to goblin. “Good. Very good. Same plan. We go to Metzre. Tell all.” She pointed at Gwen. “You see. We tell. Count happy.” Then she shrugged, and continued in her normal language, “At least I hope he’s happier than the Baronet was.”
“Oh”, said Zipper, “I think the Baronet is happier with you now.”
Delta finished her bowl. “We’d best be moving on as promptly as possible. We should get in what training we can as we go. I have a feeling this insurrection is going to go on a lot longer than people think. At least as long as they keep underestimating this guy.”
In the early morning and early evening, they positioned Gwen in the seat and let her take the reins up. With her hood up, and all bundled in the blanket, she still had misgivings. Zipper assured her it was easy and encouraged her to give the donkeys goblin names.
While Gwen drove, Delta and Zipper walked alongside of the cart, practicing maneuvers. They shared tips with one another that they had learned. Both weapons were designed for group combat, and both were used to fighting in teams. But they had only used the basics when fighting together.
A glaive is a formidable weapon. The sharp tip allows it to be stabbed like a spear, although the other protrusions narrowed the gap into which it could be thrust. It had a long-edged blade running down the leading edge, which could be brought down with great leverage. Enemies would need a helmet and pauldrons to blunt its strike and, even so, the momentum alone would be enough to stun an enemy with its impact, or to drive the armor into them causing broad bruises. Or, worst of all, denting the armor so that even after the strike finished the dent would still press into them causing pain and inhibiting motion for the rest of the fight.
But one of the distinguishing features of the glaive was that it had a prong jutting from the trailing edge. It was not particularly sharp, or particularly pointed, but it was sturdy and well anchored to the haft. This could be used in many ways to snag an opponent, their shield, or their weapon. It wasn’t barbed, so it wouldn’t hold them long. But that also meant the wielder had the freedom to release them when they wanted, if they saw a more advantageous tactical situation.
What the hook did require was coordination. Just fouling an opponent didn’t win the fight. The key was to set them up to be vulnerable to a strike from a comrade. And that’s what they put their effort into with their training. They had different names for their moves that they had to harmonize, so that they could efficiently communicate what each was doing or suggesting to the other.
So, for much of the day, when Gwen wasn’t asleep, the trailed along behind the wagon, pretending its back was a big scutum shield, and practiced their maneuvers against it.
In her turn, by night when the others were asleep, Gwen went back to bow practice. A few hours at stationary targets from the ground, and then she and Johnston went hunting. She didn’t hit many things, and lost a number of arrows, but she was more confident in it by the end.

Chapter 24 – Count Metzre
They made it to Metzre by the middle of the next day. It was a town about the same size as Montihouse, but with a modest river running through it. Unlike Montihouse, this town had walls, but they were in poor repair and the town had nearly as many buildings outside of them as were inside.
A token guard stood at the gate, but that seemed more to reinforce the goods inspectors, levying taxes on goods brought in for import. It was pretty apparent that they had nothing of commercial worth and were waved through with barely a look.
The Count’s residence was a bona fide castle, although like the city, the compound had outgrown its fortified parts. It was in better repair than the walls, but not by a lot. Their gates were much better guarded, and the nature of their business was unusual enough that it drew the attention of the castellan. Delta, dressed in her freshly laundered tabard, gave him a summary of the news she had, and left it to him to decide what priority it was for the Count to hear it.
While he decided, they were shown to the stable and allowed to unhitch their donkeys there. A page came by later and notified Delta that arrangement was being made for the Count and a few Knights to hear her report directly. He had brought some bread and a flagon for her to refresh herself with while she waited.
It took an hour or two for that to be organized. Zipper used the fine equipment of the stable to give a good currying to the donkeys. They made what Zipper chose to interpret as appreciative noises. Delta mostly paced up and down, composing her thoughts and words.
The page led her to a drawing room in the castle proper. There were fresh rushes on the flagstones, tapestries on the walls, and well made, solid wooden furniture. Count Metzre sat in the largest chair by the window. He was on the older side of middle-aged, with an impressive mustache, and fine clothes with his coat of arms embroidered richly on them. Standing around him were three other noblemen. As each bore a sword Delta presumed they were his Knights. A scattering of other pages and household staff occupied the room. They were all looking at her as the castellan presented her.
Delta took a deep breath. Facing a line of charging troops was difficult. Being the one to charge into a line of troops was also difficult. You just had to commit to it, put one foot in front of the other, and get yourself into a position as quickly as possible where your choices were very simple and straightforward, and you had no time left to question why you were there.
So, she strode forward, like it was a battle, bowed as respectfully as she knew how, and awaited the Count’s pleasure.
“You are mercenary Captain Delta of Wight’s Brigade?” asked the Count. She nodded. “And you are in service to Sir Rault of Straslais, in Montihouse?” She nodded again. “And in that service, you have brought me information that the good Knight feels I should know.” Delta nodded again. The Count nodded back, confirmations over. “I have been given a summary of that, but we should all hear your full account personally.”
Delta stood at attention and began to recite. She had this bit very practiced. Her brigade had traveled up through this area because they heard there was action and people were hiring. But she mostly focused on the battle near Cleres, and what she had personally witnessed there, and then everything subsequent that happened up until arriving at the Count. She delivered the information without inflection, and with as few personal details as possible. Trying to keep to military style reports she had seen delivered.
The Count, and some of his Knights, interrupted at points. Sometimes to ask for more detail, at other times they seemed to try to throw her off. She knew she seemed rehearsed, and at one level it wasn’t unreasonable to consider that suspicious. So, she bore that in good grace, and gave details where she could, and admitted freely to things she did not know.
The Count stroked his chin for a while after she had finished. “This is information”, he concluded. “But information without context. By your tale, Sir Rault considered you sufficiently astute and insightful to trust with formulating your own paycheck. But you present me here with facts, without the insight he seemed to put so much trust in.”
Delta bowed respectfully. “I wished you to have the facts as I witnessed them, independent of my opinions”, explained Delta. “You are, doubtless, much more experienced and knowledgeable than I am. You may come to different conclusions than my own. I am happy to also express my interpretations if you so wish. I have withheld them separate from the facts so that you are able to make your own judgement and decide if my own are just or not.”
A smile twitched the corner of the Count’s mouth. “Well spoken. Maybe this Sir Rault is not a complete fool. Please, give me what you make of these facts.”
Delta did so. She highlighted the different perspectives on the battle near Cleres, and the careful strategic decisions that went into it. She drew a line between that and their own use of her company to deliver an unexpected ambush. Which, itself, was part of a larger feint towards Montihouse, as evidenced by the lack of troops. The pursuit of them, in particular, as carriers of information lent weight to this. From this she concluded that she expected their true intent was to make towards Avenio down the coast road through Metzre.
She also noted the specifically unusual use of magic by the Imperialist forces. Most magic she had heard tales of was more focused on personally benefiting the wielder, and of limited use on the battlefield. Whereas the magic she had seen was specifically tailored for army operations. She felt this, plus the focus on feint and strategy, made the Imperialists a much greater force to be reckoned with than otherwise.
“Sir Chardon”, said the Count to one of his Knights. “You are betrothed to a Lady from Touchelle. Our mercenary captain here speculates that Touchelle is on their likely route. Have you exchanged love letters with her recently?”
The Knight, who was quite young, blushed. “We write faithfully to one another several times a week”, he admitted. “Her latest letter is late. But not unduly so. This information now makes me concerned for her safety.”
“Mmmm”, said the Count. “Your insight is interesting, Madame Captain. But it might be a bit… amateurish. It is hard to conceive how a strategic genius might emerge from the orc lands and lead a small band to conquer Avenio. It seems far more likely that luck has had a lot to do with their progress so far and maybe you see more than is there.”
Delta stood impassively. The Count was, at least, not as dismissive as the Baronet Crebanne had been. He was watching her closely. He wasn’t finished.
“But you are well organized in your thinking, and well disciplined. I do not doubt your good intentions and faithful execution of your duty.” He turned to his castellan. “Please issue the Captain three gold shillings from the treasury as my personal thanks, over and above her payment from Sir Rault. She may make free of our stables and barracks for as long as she needs before she sets out on whatever other duties call her.” He turned back to her. “I do not think it is as serious as you present. But I also acknowledge that it may be. Certainly, these usurpers are out and about making a mess in our northern reaches. I have other sources that say as much as this. My Knights and I will discuss the new information you have given us and, at the very least, I do think I will recommend Sir Chardon visits his betrothed sooner rather than later. You may consider your duty to Sir Rault, as far as the County of Metzre is concerned, discharged.” He nodded towards the castellan. “I will have a letter sent to him to thank him and to commend your service.”
Delta bowed again, deeply, and took that as her dismissal.
 
Back in the stable Delta finally succumbed to a severe case of the jitters. All the stress she felt came spilling out as she reported to the others what had transpired. She oscillated between feeling giddy and nauseous.
“Aren’t you supposed to get like this before the battle?” asked Zipper.
Delta grinned weakly. “Dunno. I’m always focused going in. It’s coming out that I fall apart.”
“Sudden release of pressure”, said Zipper. “Still, it’s kind of annoying that they didn’t take you more seriously.”
Delta brushed that aside. “It’s a commander’s prerogative. Who am I? I’m only barely the Captain of a half strength squad of mercenaries. He’s not going to go running to the King based on what I say.” She stretched. Her hands were still shaking. “This isn’t our war. Our duty is done.”
“So, we’re not going to take this all the way to Avenio?” asked Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “I think this is the most serious audience we’re going to get. If they know we’ve alerted Count Metzre, they are going to look to him for confirmation, and not take what we say with any credence until then. So, yeah, we’re done. I’ll count out payroll tonight and work out how to return what is left to Sir Rault.”
“I may have some expenses to report first”, laughed Zipper.
They spent a bit of time updating Gwen on their situation and exchanging more words to fit around the news.
After about an hour there was a bit of commotion. Sir Chardon had entered agitatedly shouting for his horse to be made ready on the instant. He saw them in the corner and strode over, watching Delta intently.
“Good mercenary”, he said. “I ride now for Touchelle. I think the Count means to use me as a test of your report. If I do not return, he will know you are right.” He smiled thinly. “I fear for my fiancé. Tell me in more detail, what fate do you think awaits her and the town of Touchelle?”
Delta made it clear it would only be speculation, but he brushed that aside. He was quite happy to be prepared for the worst when it came to family. She sensed that it would go down well with the in-laws if he was able to affect a dramatic rescue.
So, she first assured him that they appeared to be happy to treat their prisoners well. So, at the worst, it would be a strategic failing, and not a personal one. Beyond that, she explained that they seemed very concerned with controlling the spread of information. They likely had the road well scouted and while it may not be hard to get there, it might be hard to get word back out again.
She said their use of magic made things hard to predict. But given that they mainly seemed to use it to make them better at what an army did normally, that it was safest to just assume they would perform the duties of an army very well. So, he should assume any he met were akin to the best he had ever fought.
He thought on this while his horse was made ready. “Fetch me a pigeon”, he called to a page. “If I find myself against a force, I shall release it and you shall judge by its return that I have fallen.”
Delta nodded. “I hope for the safety of you and your betrothed.”

Chapter 25 – Seeking Work
In the morning Delta sought out the castellan. She thanked them for their hospitality, but not to be making too much of it, they would be leaving the castle. She also asked if she could send along a package with the Count’s letter to Sir Rault containing what money he had given her that was unspent. This raised the eyebrow of the castellan. She also asked for the use of a scribe who could draw up an accounting of the monies she had spent, to attach to the purse.
“Ma’am, you put the reputation of all mercenaries to shame!” said the castellan, very impressed. He drafted the letter himself, still shaking his head that she would return money unspent when given free reign. He totaled it all, attached a note from himself as witness, and then sealed the bag with his own seal. “I trust my messengers less than you!”
“I still can’t believe you gave all that money back”, said Zipper, as the wagon made its way from the castle gates.
Delta shrugged. “Reputation is gold”, said Delta. “If the Count confirms that we’ve guessed right, all his nobles will remember. The fact we were so concerned about a proper account of our expenses is something that castellan will spread far and wide.” She looked sidelong at Zipper. “And they are less likely to look into the detail of our more questionable expenses given how impressed they were that we returned anything at all.”
Zipper coughed. “I do not doubt the wisdom of my Captain!”
At the castellan’s recommendation, with a page to guide them, and, apparently, a hefty discount, they only went so far as The Bleeding Horse, one of several inns in the city. Delta felt a private room better suited the nocturnal habits of Gwen and left less questions to be asked. They had the money for now.
“I guess we’re back to looking for work”, said Zipper. “A pity this awesome reputation we’re building didn’t land us a quick contract with the Count.”
They were eating a hearty meal the inn provided, free, to keep the friends of the castellan happy. “I mentioned to the landlady that we were looking for work. She said she would pass it on. Given how eager they appear to be for the castellan’s good grace, I’m hoping that turns up something.”
Zipper nodded, satisfied. A number of other guests introduced themselves, eager for news or rumors from the north. Delta gave them an abbreviated account of what she thought they would find interesting. She left off most of her speculation though. She did not want to be accused of rumormongering or stirring people up if the Count didn’t fully believe her. But what she told them seemed to satisfy them.
They walked the town for the afternoon. They checked in at the other inns and mentioned they were looking for work. There was a fair bit of interest, but no solid offers. Apparently, many mercenaries had been drawn north, as Montihouse was recruiting quite heavily. So, there weren’t as many around at the moment.
Delta picked up some basic woodworking tools, and, at Zipper’s suggestion, a wider range of cookware. If they were committed to the wagon, then they could carry more than they normally would by foot. In particular, they got a firebox, so that they could light a fire on the road that was less seen.
They also picked out some improved tack and harness for the donkeys. What they had was a few brass bits with rope to hold it together. Properly stitched leather would serve better.
Last they took a detour to the southern outskirts of the city. They had a commerce gate there. The large, magical tri-form arch was normally only seen in the largest cities of the largest provinces. They all linked to one another enabling interstate commerce. It kept the capital cities strong and was a very long-term source of resentment for all other towns. But, recently, the Amphictyony had been building more in smaller towns. That was the loose political affiliation of nations set up after the collapse of the Romitu Empire whose stated aim was fostering commerce through these gates.
And here it stood, clean and new it a cobbled square made especially for it. Nothing was going in or out of it at the moment, and other than a dedication plaque and a guard unit, there wasn’t much to see.
By the time they made it back to the Bleeding Horse it was evening and the landlady had out supper for the residents. Gwen came down, which caused a bit of a stir, but she had worn her tabard and that curtailed anything more than idle comments from people.
Their dinner was interrupted by a silver shilling being tossed onto their table. It clanked and rattled, then came to a rest between some of the plates. They looked up into the smiling face of a gentleman. “I hear you’re open for employment”, he said. He was of modest height and slight build, with a loose tunic of finely woven material, with a doublet over top. He had a beard trimmed to a fine point, and prominent mustaches. His eyes twinkled beneath a broad felt hat, with a feather in its band.
“We are”, said Delta, carefully.
The man pulled over a chair and sat down. “The castle thinks highly of you”, he said. “Especially your discretion.”
Delta cut short a flippant comment from Zipper with a glance. “Would we be working for the castle?”
The man leaned closer and lowered his voice. “You’ll be working for me”, he said. “Call me Arcand. I work for the castle, but that doesn’t have to be widely known.”
“What does the job entail?” asked Delta.
He shrugged. “It shouldn’t be much. You see, there’s all sorts of rumors going on about this business up north. And”, he said quickly, “I’m not going to pester you for details. That isn’t pertinent. What is, is that lots of people are talking about it. They hear there are a lot of mercenaries up there making a lot of money. That purse strings are open right now to certain types of supply.” His face became neutral and he examined his fingernails. “Some people are thinking that they, too, could make some money on it. And some of them aren’t too picky about from which side.”
“Wouldn’t that be a job for the bailiff?” asked Delta.
The man grimaced. “Well, here’s the thing. If there was unambiguous proof of someone engaged in clear war profiteering, or succor for the enemy, then, yes, it would fall to the bailiff. But if one just has rumors, hearsay, and some very good information from highly paid informants, who, alas, are averse to appearing before the bailiff, then it’s a more difficult thing to prosecute.”
“What exactly do you want us to do?” asked Delta.
“So”, said Arcand. “My information says that there will be a cart leaving town tomorrow morning going up the coast road. I’d like to follow it a ways until we’re out of sight of any… complications. I would like to inspect it to ensure that my informants are incorrect, and it is not some specially commissioned commodity on behalf of our enemy.”
“We’re not brigands”, said Delta.
“I do work for the castle”, said Arcand. “We’re just being discrete because other traders will leap to the conclusion that we’re just shaking people down for taxes.” He shrugged. “If it’s not carrying contraband, or war materials… they can go on their way.”
Delta looked from Zipper to Gwen. “Why, exactly, do you need us?” asked Zipper.
“Well”, said Arcand. “You’ll look less obvious than just me, and if the gentleman in question seems hesitant to comply with an inspection… your presence could be fairly persuasive.”
Zipper nodded. Gwen looked blank. Delta figured she wasn’t getting much of the conversation. But this man didn’t seem averse to her, which she considered a good thing.
“Fine”, said Delta. “But our rates are higher than a single shilling.”
He waved his hands. “That was just to get your attention. How about five shillings before, and five upon a successful conclusion?”
Delta nodded. “That seems fair. First thing tomorrow?”
“Yes”, he said, happy. “I’ll meet you at the northern gate, say half past eight?”
“Sure”, said Delta, and picked up the shilling.
 
They had their “war wagon”, as Zipper was starting to call it, all ready to go in the morning. They stashed the polearms inside the body, rather than in their loopholes, to blend in better. They also didn’t wear either their tabards or their armor. Zipper had arranged Gwen’s blanket to look like a shawl, and, once she understood, she sat hunched over in her best “little old lady” impression.
Arcand was at the gate, watching the morning traffic leave the city. They pulled up alongside of him, and he looked up at them, annoyed. Then he recognized them and broke out laughing. “Incredible!” he cheered, peering closer at Gwen. “This is splendid. You look perfect.”
“Thank you”, said Delta, calmly. “Should we pull over and wait?”
“No need”, said Arcand, swinging up into the wagon. They had set a place up specifically for him. “They left about five minutes ago. We should just cruise on out. Mingle with the crowd…”
“Onward Tirloch! Forward Macha!” cried Zipper and snapped the reins. She had taken to using Gwen’s goblin names for the donkeys. They lurched forward into the traffic.
Once they cleared the gate, it wasn’t so bad. Many were just going to different parts of the town and the gates in the walls were just choke points. As the outbuildings thinned out it became clearer which travelers were actually going up the north road.
“Right”, said Arcand. “Keep it to a medium to low speed. Let them get a bit ahead of us.” Zipper looked at him funny, and just snapped the reins.
By the time they were a few miles outside of town there was nearly no one left on the road. The other travelers were local and took other lanes to their destinations. They had been travelling parallel to the river, going downstream. As the river approached the great lake, the land sank, and it broadened, breaking up. The road became, in many places, a raised causeway.
“Perfect”, said Arcand. “No one else. Nowhere for them to turn to. Speed up as fast as you can and let’s catch up with them!”
Zipper turned to him, irritated. “You realize that donkeys only have two speeds: moving, and not-moving.”
“What?” he said. “We need to go faster. We need to catch up.”
Zipper snapped the reins. “They’re moving. This is as fast as they go.”
“Can’t you whip them or something?” said Arcand, exasperated.
“No”, said Zipper, with equal exasperation. “They’ll just stop and won’t move at all.”
“But we need to catch up!” insisted Arcand.
“Then you run on ahead!” said Zipper.
“Let’s calm down”, said Delta, trying not to be amused. “How long is this causeway, Arcand?”
“There’s a few low bridges, but mostly causeway until a good bit after it crosses the river”, he said.
She looked ahead, and behind. “He’s got a cart and one mule. We’ve got four people, a wagon, and two donkeys. But his tracks are deeper than ours. Whatever he’s carrying, it’s a lot heavier than what we’re carrying.”
Arcand looked grim. “That’s what I’m afraid of. Rumor is that it’s this invading army’s payroll.”
They looked at him silently for a while. “You mean, like a lock-box full of gold?” asked Zipper.
“Yes”, said Arcand. “A lock box full of gold. Will that make the donkeys go faster?”
“No”, said Zipper, sulking. “But I may run out there next to you.”
“With a load that heavy”, said Delta, intervening, “he’s probably going to have to rest at some point. We can catch up then.”
“True”, said Zipper. “Tirloch may be fat, but he can go all day if he knows there’s food at the end of it.”

Chapter 26 – Valuables
They continued following the other traveler well past noon. Gwen had gone to sleep by now and Arcand was having conniptions.
“At least they aren’t getting any further away”, said Zipper.
“The causeway ends only a few miles outside of Bouger”, said Arcand. “I don’t want them getting as far as that. Like I said, I don’t want witnesses.”
“Are you sure you aren’t a brigand?” said Zipper, testily.
“Enough”, cautioned Delta. “Look, Arcand. If we get that far, and haven’t caught up, we will get out and run. It’ll be late in the day, Gwen can drive. The same applies to him. He can’t exactly run off if he sees us coming.”
Arcand wasn’t happy, but there was nothing he could do about it, other than wait.
And wait they did.
The sun was halfway down the western sky and they could see the end of the causeway. A smudge on the horizon was a forest that Arcand said was next to the village of Bouger. Resignedly they had started getting ready to jog ahead.
“Wait”, called Zipper. “I think he’s stopped.”
They watched for a bit, but it did become clear the cart had stopped. The man had gotten out of it and appeared to be berating his mule.
Zipper smirked. “He should have let it rest.”
“Gwen: drive”, Delta said in goblin. “Zipper: gear on.” The two of them started putting on their armor as their wagon continued forward, catching up with the cart at an easy pace.
Gwen pulled the wagon over to the side next to the cart.
“Sorry, folks”, said the man. “My mule won’t budge.”
“They do that”, said Zipper, hopping down and holding her spear ready. “Especially when they are carrying a very, very heavy load.” Delta got down from the other side and held her glaive ready.
Arcand leaped lightly from the seat and bowed before the man. “Arcand at your service. Special Bailiff to The Count Metzre.” He grinned. “I am very, very interested in what cargo you are transporting.” He leaned forward. “And who you are transporting it to.”
The man looked from him to the two mercenaries and back again. He went pale and sank to his knees. “Mercy! Mercy!” he cried. “I’m a poor man! I was paid good money! My daughter is sick!”
Arcand turned to Delta and winked. Then he turned back. “Save it for the judge.” He turned to the cart. “Now, let’s see what turning traitor to the country of your birth and ancestors was worth.”
In the back of the cart was a single chest. It wasn’t large, but it was balanced over the axle. Arcand tugged at it, but it barely budged. There was a large lock on it. “The key?” he asked.
The man shrugged. “I wasn’t given a key. I was told not to look inside.”
Arcand looked at the chest critically. “There are loopholes. Can the two of you lift this down?”
“Are we guards or porters?” asked Zipper.
Delta gave her a warning look. They slipped the shafts of their weapons into the loops on either side of the chest. With a grunt and strain, they lifted it up over the side and onto the road.
“That should be enough room”, said Arcand. He sat in front of it and cradled the padlock. With some small, specialized tools he worked away at it for a few minutes. Then with a click, and a look of satisfaction on his part, the locked popped open.
“With nothing but a good ear, and good information, you can do more damage to an army than a whole brigade”, he crowed. He threw open the lid, and his face fell.
Delta and Zipper watched for a moment, confused by his reaction. Even the man stopped his crying and looked up.
Armand rummaged in the chest. It sounded like coins but when he held one up it was dull and grey. The mercenaries stepped closer and peered over his shoulder. The chest was filled with grey disks and medallions of various sizes.
“This… this…” said Arcand. “It cannot be!” He took a piece and bent it. It bent far more easily than gold should have. He bit it, and his teeth left marks deeper than gold should have.
“Maybe inside of it?” suggested Zipper.
He took a dagger, and, with a little effort, the steel of the dagger cut one in half. It was the same all the way through.
“Under it?” suggested Delta.
They got a blanket out of the wagon and emptied the chest of its contents. But even after a thorough investigation from Arcand with his little tools he could find no hidden compartment.
“Lead!” he swore. “Worthless lead!”
“Am I free to go?” asked the man, hopefully.
Arcand turned angrily to him. “You are still a traitor!” He then looked dejected. “Unfortunately, your punishment will be in proportion to your crime.” He waved his hands dismissively. “Unfortunately, this won’t even pay what I had to hire you people for.”
“What will you do with it?” asked Delta.
“Leave it by the roadside to rot”, said Arcand, angrily. “I’m impounding your mule and your cart”, he said to the man. “I will take you back to Metzre for judgement. And I’m certainly not lugging this useless dung.” He gestured dismissively at the pile of lead.
“We might be able to sell it for scrap”, said Delta. “Would it help if we took it as the remainder of our payment?”
“Do whatever you want with it”, said Arcand. He then drew himself up and took a deep breath. “Thank you for your service. Our contract is at an end. I’m sorry that it wasn’t what I had hoped, otherwise there might have been a nice bonus.” Then he grumbled “For all of us.”
Zipper saw to the mule, got it water and fodder. With the much lighter load it was happy to continue on. Arcand sat in the back of the cart, sulkily, and growled at the man to head back to Metzre.
Delta had piled the lead back into the chest. With Zipper’s help they lifted it into the back of their wagon.
“Well that was weird”, said Zipper.
Delta made a non-committal noise.
“Do you think Bourger has an inn?” asked Zipper, getting the wagon into motion.
“I think we’d best reach the edge of the forest and sleep under the eaves”, said Delta. Zipper shrugged and kept the donkeys moving. The sun was getting close to the horizon now.
“Zipper, do you care who wins this war?” said Delta.
Zipper looked at her oddly, then shrugged. “I just want to get paid.” She thought about it a bit longer. “These Imperialists are nice guys. Normally I like the little guy. They’re gutsy. They’re smart. But are they gutsy and smart enough to take over the combined might of the rest of the world? Not a chance. So, they’re nuts. And that counts against them.”
She considered longer. “Now, the other side. They’re crooks. When they aren’t fighting each other, they’re squeezing everyone else for whatever they can. Even the nice ones really don’t have much of a clue what it’s like for everyone else. Honestly, I don’t much care for them either.”
After a bit of silence Delta said, “I don’t like the idea of the insurrectionists taking over the whole world and proclaiming another Empire. Seems like the Empire had its chance and it just sort of collapsed on itself.” She shrugged. “I’m not that big a fan of what we’ve got now, either. I wouldn’t mind seeing it shaken up a bit. Maybe that’s their point”, she mused. “Rattle a few cages. Apply a bit of an external threat to cajole them into working together better.”
“Don’t get involved in politics”, said Zipper. “That’s what I was told when I signed up. Do your job. Get paid.”
Delta rode in silence for a bit. “Gwen? You care who wins?”
Gwen grinned. “Wight’s Brigade win.”
“So, then”, said Delta, slowly. “Seeing as we are currently free of contract, I’m taking then that no one will mind if we do a favor for the Imperialists in hopes of renumeration?”
“Their money is crap”, said Zipper. “But crap money is better than no money. Sure. What did you have in mind?”
Delta glanced back at the chest. “We have some valuables to deliver.”
Zipper looked back as well. “What? The lead? Why would they pay us for that? I think that’s just another of their ruses. Feint with the lead, thrust with the gold elsewhere.”
“I don’t think so”, said Delta, looking off into the distance. “I think the talk of gold was the feint. The lead is the real deal.”
“What would they need lead coins for? Some sort of esoteric magic?”
“They aren’t coins.” Delta smiled. “They’re orcish medals.”
Zipper thought about that for a while. Then she craned her neck around to look at the chest. Then she dug in her belongings and unearthed the garish keepsake that the orc had gifted her with in Lyre. “Harper’s Sonnets”, she swore. “You’re right.”
“I figure there will be some sort of bounty”, said Delta. “Metzre rightly seized it. We rightly bought it from them. It’s ours to give.”
“Arcand would call us traitors” said Zipper.
“We didn’t do it while under contract to them”, said Delta. “We’re not agents of the government. Technically we’re in the clear.”
“A technicality isn’t going to keep us from being torn apart by wild dogs if we’re caught in Metzre after they find out”, said Zipper.
“Yep”, said Delta. “Best to see what jobs this bright shiny second Empire are offering next.”
Zipper twisted back to look at the chest again. “We’re gonna be so rich!”

Chapter 27 – Ambush
The next day’s drive was mostly under the eaves of the wood. Gwen practiced shooting at trees, which Zipper and Delta would then sprint out to attack. It was tiring work, but more interesting than attacking the back of their wagon.
They didn’t see another soul on the road going in either direction.
“Yep”, said Zipper. “I’m pretty sure they took the coast road.”
“We should probably put the bow away and stop charging random trees”, said Delta. “I expect they will have an ambush set up. It is kind of the perfect set up for it.”
They all concurred and stowed their gear. However, they left their tabards on. It wouldn’t do to be pre-emptively taken out as attackers, but they also didn’t want to just be corralled as travelling merchants.
Delta was just about to call a halt when Gwen tapped her on the shoulder. She had been napping on and off during the day. But the shade of the wood didn’t bother her as much as when they were under broad daylight. Delta looked down and pointed to Johnston, whose was alert and whose ears were twitching.
“I agree”, said Delta. “It seems to have gotten awfully quiet.”
Zipper reined in the donkeys. They all put their hands in plain sight, watched and waited.
A few minutes passed and Delta was just about to give up when there was a rustling in the undergrowth. A man emerged, dressed in dark and dirty clothes, smudges on his brown skin and a kerchief over his hair. He had a strung bow over his back and a quiver of arrows strapped to his thigh. However, he moved cautiously and, likewise, with his hands in easy reach.
“Stand and deliver?” asked Zipper.
The man grinned a flash of white teeth. “Not precisely”, he said with an eastern accent. “I would be warning you about entering a disputed zone, and how you are subject to seizure and holding. But I do not think you are normal itinerants.”
“Captain Delta, Wight’s Brigade”, said Delta, formally. “We are currently out of contract, and do not raise arms to any who do not raise them to us.”
“Looking for work, then?” he asked, flashing his grin again.
“Possibly”, said Delta. “More immediately, we have in our possession something that we think is of interest to your commander.”
“Oh ho!” he said. “Is that so?” There was more rustling, and another figure emerged. It was a young girl, dressed much the same, but with fairer skin and red hair peeking form her kerchief.
“I can take them in”, she volunteered.
The man gave her a long-suffering look. “I have not even decided what to do with them!” he complained.
“But you will”, she said, confidently.
He sighed, good humoredly. “Apparently I am going to decide to send you to the commander.” He looked speculatively at the wagon. “I do not think you are plotting assassination. Whatever you might possess of interest to The General I will let him decide. I do not need to know.” He nodded at each of them. “Please keep your weapons stowed, so that there are no misunderstandings.” He gestured to the girl next to him. “This trooper will provide you escort to our camp.”
“Thank you.” Delta said formally. “We left from around Bourger this morning, and did not see any traffic on the road, either before or behind us.”
He smiled and bowed formally. “Thank you for your information. We will check ourselves, but if true it will confirm your good intentions.”
The girl strode up to them and hopped on the running board on the side. “We need to go ahead about half a mile, and then there’s a turning.”
Zipper snapped the reins and the wagon jolted off.
“So… Wight’s Brigade?” started the girl. “That means you were at Cleres. I was there too. Left flank, archer unit. There to suppress flankers. There weren’t any, so there wasn’t that much action for us. Been with them long?”
Delta looked at her and her cheery expression. “About half a year. We were in the middle and got overrun by your charge. I’m the only one who survived. The other two have joined since then.”
“Two?” she asked. Then she peered in the back. “Oh! Thule be far! I didn’t see you there.”
“Thule and Yarltep be far”, answered Gwen.
“I love your wolf!” said the girl.
Zipper leaned forward to get a better look. “Aren’t you precocious?” The girl grinned apologetically. “We can scoot over if you want to sit.”
“Nah”, she said. “I’ve been squatting under a bush all morning. Happy to move my legs.” Her face became a little more serious. “I’m sorry for your loss at Cleres. We hit the middle pretty hard. Dad says they always put the mercs in the worst positions.”
“You’re Dad’s a mercenary?” asked Zipper.
“Yes! The Fighting Fifty-first!”, she beamed. “They were something back in the day. But both Dad and Mom retired just a bit after, well, me.”
“Before my time”, said Delta. “Are you following in their footsteps?”
“A bit. Dad’s the archer. I’m trying it out for a turn of service.”
“Regular army then”, said Delta.
“Yep”, said the girl. “Just one of the troops. A couple of mercenary squads did just join up this morning. Are you here to join as well?”
“I think we’ll just see how it goes”, said Delta. The girl shrugged.
“Which brigades?” asked Zipper.
“Hearth Mother’s Marauders and Weaver’s Wolverines”, said the girl. “Amazons.”
“I think the Marauders tried to recruit me once”, said Zipper.
“Are you from Amazonia?” asked the girl.
“No”, said Zipper. “But neither are they.”
“Well, they’re ex-pats”, said the girl. “We have a lot of ex-pat Amazons.” She looked around the inside of the wagon. “So, spear, glaive, black and white heraldry… were you guys the ones in the tower on the west side of the woods?”
“We were harassed in Banbury Tower by… some of your troops” said Delta.
The girl snapped her fingers. “I had a friend in that unit. A shield. Small, blonde, short tempered.”
“I think I conked her on the head”, said Delta, suppressing a grin.
The girl did not suppress her grin at all. “She was spitting mad that you got away.”
“Sorry for the inconvenience”, said Delta. “I hope there’s no hard feelings.”
The girl rolled her eyes. “That one’s a professional at holding a grudge. But don’t worry. We have strict rules about who is and is not an enemy combatant.”
They rode on for a bit as the girl held out her hand for Johnson to sniff. Gwen watched warily but did not intervene.
“Up there, between those two big trees, there’s a lane”, said the girl. “You need to take that.” She looked back to the wagon. “If nothing else I hope you guys sign on for training. We’re woefully short of polearms. Not to mention cavalry. The General says that limits our options on the battlefield.” She leaned closer and spoke in mock confidentiality. “He’s big into options.”
She hopped off as they made their turn. “Anyway, if you do, I’ll try to get time off to train with you. Mom says my pole work is substandard!” She trotted off ahead as they made their way through the trees.
“Was I that young once?” asked Zipper.
“I started probably a year or two after her”, said Delta. “Had training for two years before that.”
“I can’t imagine you that chipper”, said Zipper.
“Neither can I”, agreed Delta.
The lane was fairly narrow, but they could see, by the light, that it opened up more widely some distance ahead.
“Imperialists all speak goblin?” asked Gwen, confused.
Delta shrugged. “I wouldn’t have thought so.”
“We might want to reconsider our choice of secret language”, said Zipper.
The forest changed around them. There weren’t any fewer trees, but the underbrush around them had been cleared out. There was a cottage here, like a nucleus, and tents arrayed around it. Troops marched up and down, training, or stacking or moving stuff.
The red-haired girl, who had taken off her kerchief, waved them over to the side of a more open area, to an open sided tent. A man stood in front, fists on his hips. It was the clerk who had done their paperwork at Cleres. The girl waved one final time and strode off.
“Wight’s Brigade”, said the clerk.
Delta and Zipper dismounted. “At your service”, said Delta.
He raised up on his toes and looked at the wagon. “Up to three now. I saw the paperwork.”
“From strength to strength”, said Delta.
“I’m told you have something for me”, he said.
Delta explained the story, from when they took the contract, to Arcand’s discovery of the lead, and handing it over to them. “We were hoping there was some sort of bounty” finished Delta.
The clerk nodded. “Well, I do thank you for not holding it ransom, burying it in the woods, or threatening to melt it down. As for bounty…” He tapped his finger on his lips. “We do have some rules about that, but they are mainly based on the raw value of the reclaimed goods and need a few cross signatures.” He looked at Zipper. “I know how motivated you are about making the paperwork easy.” He grinned. “It might just be simpler to say that you took on the commission for delivery, and to just pay you the already agreed upon and budgeted amount for delivery.”
“How much would that be?” asked Zipper, resignedly.
“Thirty shillings”, said the clerk.
“That sounds just fine”, said Delta. Zipper looked fit to argue, so Delta said aside to her “It’s a lot more than we would have got for just the lead, or just taking Arcand’s final payment.” She sighed.
Delta turned back. “I hope your orcs enjoy their medals.”
The clerk smiled thinly. “If they find out about your daring rescue of them, you may get one or two yourself”, he warned.
They laughed politely. “So, would you have any contacts up for, say, training, or nocturnal scouting?” asked Delta.
The clerk smiled warmly. “We do indeed. Perfect for a half strength unit. I’ll just get the tablets.”

Chapter 28 – Comradery
Once they were assigned quarters, they worked out that the camp was arranged just like every other Imperial camp. Only under trees and without battlements.
“That means the mess tent is this way!” decided Zipper.
Delta sighed. “It’s a little early for dinner.”
“We can get good seats”, said Zipper. “And we have more time for seconds.”
Delta sighed again and got up. “Coming?” she asked Gwen. Gwen waved her off.
“Oh, no”, said Zipper, marching straight over to Gwen. “You are definitely coming.” She started poking her in the ribs. Gwen made a face, but gave in.
They headed over there, Zipper in the lead. They still had their tabards on. After talking about it, they decided that they were known to enough now, that it just made sense to wear them all the time. Delta said that the brigade would pick up the costs of cleaning them properly and get a second one made for each member. Heads did turn as they walked past, as much for their heraldry as for there being a goblin astride a wolf.
“Grab a table”, said Zipper. “I’ll get grub.”
Delta and Gwen complied. “We could be here a while”, said Delta, and they eased Gwen off Johnston and onto the bench. Gwen looked around with curiosity, and after a while, she pushed back her hood and continued to look around.
“They look Johnston. They look me. Same”, said Gwen.
Delta pointed to a squad of Orcs that just arrived and boisterously joined the food queue. “Lots orcs. Maybe see same.”
Gwen shrugged. “Some speak goblin. No goblins here. Mystery.”
Delta looked around some more. She did see people from all over the extent of the old Empire. Mostly humans and orcs. But she had seen the odd Dwarf, and maybe an elf or two. And Zipper had said the cook was from Gnollistan. She looked up to check, but Zipper was arriving triumphantly from that direction.
“Ta dah!” trumpeted Zipper, placing large trays on the table from which she started unloading food. “That’s for you, that’s for you, and all this is for me.” She had a whole pitcher of water. “We’ll need this.”
Cautiously, Delta took a spoonful. It was some sort of fragrant stew over starchy pellets. She wasn’t used to the flavors, but it was warm and solid. She looked up, surprised to note that Zipper was not ploughing into it like a starved outcast. Instead she was watching Gwen with a big grin on her face.
Gwen had sniffed at the food with some reluctance. She poked at it for a bit with her spoon, then picked up a mouthful and ate it. The moment she put it into her mouth her face transformed. Her eyes lit up with delight and she gave the first real smile Delta had ever seen on her.
“Good, eh?” said Zipper. “You like it spicy, right?”
Gwen shook a clawed finger at her. “Not dust! You eat dust!”
Zipper laughed and poured some tankards of water. “Oh, I like spicy too. Maybe not as much as I think you do.” Both of them pursued their food with gusto.
Delta smiled, shaking her head. “I’ll stick to dust.”
The cook came out to watch. He was enormously tall, very shaggy, and of a race that none of them had seen before. Zipper’s eyes were watering, and she was guzzling water, but she smiled weakly at him. Gwen grinned broadly and gave him a thumbs up. He let out a barking laugh and returned to the kitchen.
“It takes a lot to impress cook”, said a voice. Delta turned and there was a tall woman standing behind her. She had grey eyes and her hair was streaked with silver. She stood and looked directly at her, unwavering. “It takes a lot to impress me too.”
“Sir?” said Delta, starting to stand up.
“Sit”, she said. “Captain Delta of Wight’s Brigade.” She smiled thinly. “You aren’t under my command at present. But at least we’re on the same side this time.”
Recognition hit her and her eyes widened. “Banbury Tower. You commanded that unit.”
“Major Kanni”, she said. “Major Kanni Monttice.” Her eyes watched Delta closely, judging her reaction. “Third daughter of Count Monttice. I sighed on with a commission when my father went over.”
“Pleased to make your acquaintance”, said Delta. The woman was intimidating and was well aware of it. Delta knew she was being judged and felt for the right thing to say. “Your troops did well at Banbury. Well played.”
Her smile broadened. “Not as well played as you.”
“We do our best to fulfil our contracts to the best of our ability”, said Delta.
“I’m glad to hear that”, said Major Kanni. “Especially since you are working for us for now.”
“Training and guard duty”, said Delta.
“I heard as much in the officer’s tent”, she said. “I had to come over and look you in the eye.” She held out her hand. Delta took it and shook. Her grip was like iron. “I’ll leave you to your dinner now.”
“Sir?” said Zipper, as she was turning to go. She looked back; eyebrow arched. “How did you find us? We had half a day’s head start on you.”
The side of her mouth quirked up. “You have your tricks. We have ours.” And then she went.
“That was a seriously scary lady”, said Zipper, in an undertone when she was sure she was out of earshot.
Delta took a long drink of water. “Yes”, she said simply. “I guess that’s the downside of building a reputation. And wearing these tabards.”
That little interview had not gone unnoticed. A number of the other troops were looking at them and talking among themselves about them. The tent had filled up, and latecomers were being filled in on things so far. A group came by looking for space. One of them did a double take and cried out.
“Hey! It’s the porcupine!” He nodded at his friends to come and sit there.
“Raginald?” said Delta, taking a moment to recognize him.
“Since birth”, he said. He introduced the others quickly. Delta returned the favor.
“How’s the hip?” asked Zipper.
“Missing your spear point”, he said. “It cries out every morning for it. Fine otherwise.”
“Well”, she said. “We’ll be giving ‘how to get stuck with a spear’ lessons in the morning. You should drop by.”
The rest of them groaned. “We’re already scheduled to. I had no idea it would be you two.” He looked over at Gwen. “Three?”
“She’s cavalry”, said Delta.
He gave a mock impressed look and raised his tankard. “Moving up. Congratulations!”
There was a general murmur and commotion. Cook came through with two sizzling plates and he dropped them challengingly in front of Zipper and Gwen. He then stood with two enormous fists on his hips, watching them.
Zipper swallowed heavily and took a large drink of water. She then rubbed her hands together and picked up her spoon. With a sly look she said, in goblin, “Me fast. You fast?”
Gwen struck the table with her fist. “Me fast. You not fast!”
The cook howled with laughter as the two set at it. Troops crowded around and began chanting their names. Delta was pretty sure bets were being made, given the surreptitious looks some people were giving trying to spot any officers that might be around.
Zipper was behind right from the start. She cried out at the first bite and had to stop to guzzle water every few spoonfulls. Her cadre of supports cheered her on anyway and kept her tankard full. One even procured one of their magical canteens and she offered him her first child in thanks for the ice-cold water.
Gwen stopped halfway through, being far ahead, and tried to converse with the cook. He didn’t speak goblin, but between the common words they had in the Imperial language, and some other language they both knew a little of, she conveyed her shame to him, that she was eating such excellent food so quickly. She lapsed fully into goblin and was, clearly, waxing poetic about the quality, and how everything else she’d had to eat was terrible, with great theater, pretending not to notice that Zipper was using this to try to catch up to her.
She eventually wound down and got back to the food. Zipper had pulled ahead by this time but found the going difficult, tears streaming down her face. Gwen just plowed through it and when she finished, amongst the cheers of her supporters, finished off the few bites left on Zipper’s plate.
Once zipper was able to wipe the tears from her eyes, she offered her hand to Gwen. They shook soundly and cheered “Wight’s Brigade!” The rest echoed the cheer, led by the chef. Everyone dispersed laughing.
There was certainly high spirits and good comradery here, mused Delta. She could like these people. If only their goals weren’t so fantastical. She didn’t understand the allure.
“Hey Raginald”, asked Delta. “What’s Major Kanni’s story? She said she was a Monttice noble. Why did she get mixed up in this?”
“Minor noble”, corrected Raginald. “Your prospects aren’t great being the third child. Especially if you’re smart. And she’s as sharp as a knife. Not one to marry off to someone who isn’t her better.”
“I guess I can see that”, said Delta.
“The Count sent her about. North to Bright, East to Jokamachi, to get to know their neighbors. I’ve seen her speak orcish and whatever it is they speak in Jokamachi. She probably did a grand tour in Romitu as well.” He shrugged. “I think she had met The General there. He impressed her. So, when he marched over her border, she persuaded her Dad to welcome him with open arms, then signed up herself. Probably a better future than she might have had.”
Delta nodded, still a bit skeptical. “What unit does she command?”
Raginald waved his hand about. “Oh, they change all the time. That’s one of their policies. Plus, things are very fluid. We’ve got new people coming in all the time.” He nodded at another table full of boisterous women, with copper colored skin and dark horizontal bars painted across their eyes.
“I heard some Amazon mercenaries joined”, said Delta.
“They got promised a prime position in our next battle”, said Raginald. “I’m more than happy to cede the spot.”
“When is the next battle?” asked Delta.
Raginald grinned. “I am not at liberty to say”, he said, very formally.
Delta shrugged. “I’m just curious. We’ve only signed up for training and guard duty.”
“Mmm. Hmmm”, said Raginald. “We’ll see how that goes.”

Chapter 29 – Training
Gwen was in good humor the next morning when she woke Zipper up. She had been out all night on a patrol. Shortly after dinner someone had come around who spoke goblin and gave her lengthy instructions on what scouting they wanted to have happen. She looked tired now, but not too tired to delight in Zipper’s groans.
“Next time”, moaned Zipper, “It’s a drinking contest. I know I can drink you under the table.”
“No poison”, said Gwen.
Zipper burped, and grimaced. “No poison? Too late for that.”
Delta watched with mild amusement, laying out her armor. “You probably want to visit the latrines before you strap up”, she said.
“Good point”, said Zipper, and crawled out of the tent.
Gwen sighed, and pulled herself up into her cot. She was getting a lot better at moving around. A full stomach certainly seemed to do her some good.
“Where you go?” asked Delta in goblin.
“Up road. Edge forest. Touchelle. Down road. Bouger. Saw nothing. Smelled nothing”, she said with her eyes closed.
“I don’t understand why they aren’t advancing”, said Delta. “There are no enemies in sight. They’ve secured this area. But they just want to sit back and train.”     
Gwen made a vague motion with her hand. “Pay good. Food good.”
“True”, said Delta, and went back to inspecting her armor. She hadn’t had the leisure to do a lot of maintenance on it recently, so she took her time. Her body was protected by a set of brigandine, a coat of plates riveted to an outer garment of leather. The plates would probably outlast her, but the leather was stiffened in places from too much water. She had bought pots of wax and oil in Metzre for this and got down to softening up the leather where it needed it. She noted one or two rivets that were close to pulling through. Not an immediate danger. But she might make sure she visited the armorer if the camp had one before the end of their contract.
Her leggings also had thick leather thighs and calves, riveted to good steel knee cops that had cost her a pretty penny. They had fared much better and she just needed to wipe them down with oil. She had a small wire brush to polish any rust off the steel, and a different oil to give it a bit of protection against the elements.
Her arm harness was of similar construction, but the upper parts had an extra joint with a simple iron plate serving as the pauldron to protect her shoulders and connecting to a hinged gorget that bound around her neck. She’d love to upgrade to a steel gorget, as she had seen some terrible wounds from just the wrong sort of blow. If their fortunes kept going like this, she should have the money soon. But, for now, she just oiled them to keep them going as long as she could.
Her gauntlets, as well, were pretty primitive. Large bent plates of iron held together with a few rivets and leather thong. A stiff leather cuff covered her wrist.  Serviceable. And essential since her hands were right out in the open with her weapon of choice. She had seen some very, very nice articulated steel clamshell ones, but she knew those were going to remain outside her reach for quite some time.
Zipper staggered back as Delta was getting to her helmet. “No scatological comments”, warned Delta.
Zipper sighed in mock exasperation but said nothing. She began gathering her kit together.
“You should see to your stuff tonight”, said Delta, capping the small bottles and securing the boxes of ointment.
“I promise, single portions”, swore Zipper.
They made their way out to the parade ground and watched the drilling for a while. It was mostly shields doing shield maneuvers. They were quite good at it. At least as far as performing for a parade.
The Sargent noted the two of them and waved them over. He replaced their weapons with blunt poles. Delta argued with him for a while. The poles did not have any back spikes, and she had to convey the importance of this to him. After a while he called over a carpenter to try to add a non-lethal back spike to her pole just to humor her.
While that was being done, he mixed the shields up into a more linear shield wall, rather than the tortoise shapes they seemed to like so much. Delta and Zipper were placed in the middle, to get the troops used to accommodating members that didn’t have exactly the same equipment. There was some grumbling and jostling as the poles expressed how much working room they needed in the formation.
The grumbling got quieter when they approached their target, a simple propped up wall of shields, and the two mercenaries began landing blows on it while the unit was still shuffling up to what they considered striking range. The Sargent harangued them to bring the point home that their role in a mixed unit was just defense. The poles were their offense, and that was better because they had longer range. He kept drilling into them that they had to be flexible and be aware of all their options. He repeated the phrase about the General liking options.
When the modified pole came back, they switched out again. The Sargent drew a line in the sand and forbid them to cross it. Delta and Zipper ranged on the other side of it, lining up their choices, coordinating their blows, and taking the line apart. It was excellent practice for them. Delta would snag and pull a shield open; Zipper would take it down. Or, Delta would just rest her pole in the right place on top of a shield, and the leverage would stop them raising it as Zipper, once more, shot in for the kill. Or, simplest of all, they would just do a high-low, where one struck high, the other low. The shield couldn’t block both and came crashing down.
Needless to say, this disgruntled the men terribly. Tempers flared and a few crossed the line after a none-to-soft blow from one of the spears. The Sargent chewed them out, but escalated things to the next level. He picked up his own gear, and stood off with Delta and Zipper, and erased the line.
The men were delighted, turtled up, and began their slow approach. The Sargent’s one shield kept them from getting to close too fast, and Delta and Zipper were able to get in at them with much the same effect. By slowly giving ground, they kept them at the range they liked, and prevented them from getting into a range they could make any strikes from. When they lost too many to have any cohesion, the Sargent called a stop to it. He pointed out that he hadn’t thrown a single blow.
This general scenario played itself out over the course of the day. Later troops were more wary, as some of them had seen earlier training. But it mostly went the same. Different Sergeants swapped in over the day as well.
As time went on, during breaks, Delta noticed that the camp seemed less congested than previously. This became much more apparent towards the close when there was almost no one around. When the last training squad marched off, the place was almost completely deserted.
“Where did they go?” Zipper hadn’t really been tracking until then.
“Dunno” said Delta. “They’ve been thinning out all day. I’d say they’re deploying, but I have no idea where. They didn’t go down the road we came down.”
“Huh”, said Zipper. “Being short, I just don’t pay attention. I leave it to the giants like you.” She pointed to the side. “Mess tent is still here.”
“Well, I guess you are all set then.”
Gwen joined them for mealtime and got a rousing welcome from the cook. The place was all but deserted which allowed him time to make food especially for her.
“I think he’s got a shine for you”, said Zipper. It took a bit to convey exactly what she meant, and Gwen got awfully embarrassed when she understood, much to Zipper’s delight.
It was a mixed bunch. The new Amazon recruits were at one table. Another had a smattering of officers at it, and what appeared to be a few civilians. The small number of regular troops sat near the mercenaries.
They brought Gwen up to date with the gossip of the day, and commented on the learning capabilities, or lack thereof, of the troops they had faced. They really could use some diversity in what they were equipped with. Delta suspected that they would move on from training people how to fight against pole arms to how to fight with pole arms. If there was anyone there tomorrow.
One of the civilians approached their table and Delta looked up, surprised to recognize Sir Chardon. “Greetings good mercenary”, he said.
“I guess you made it to Touchelle”, said Delta. “Was your fiancé in good health?”
He smiled and sat down. “Thank you. Yes.” He nodded back towards the officers. “She, apparently, was in no danger. Their idea of taking a captive is to politely ask you to stay in your house and leaving it up to your honor.” He shook his head. “Very civilized.”
“Are you also a captive?” asked Delta.
He smiled politely. “Technically, I’m a prisoner of war, since I am a Knight sworn to serve the Count. But they afforded me the same leniency under the same conditions.”
“Did the pigeon get away?” asked Zipper.
Chardon laughed. “Yes, I managed to let that go, once their ambush was sprung. They fired a few shots at it, but the plucky little bird managed to avoid them. I thought I was next, but they were pretty good sports about it.”
“So, Count Metzre knows they are coming”, said Delta.
“I presume so”, said Sir Chardon. “I played my role as the sacrificial lamb.”
“Why didn’t they move out”, wondered Delta. Mostly to herself.
“I think they kind of have”, said Zipper, gesturing at the empty tent.
Delta nodded. “They have now. But everything up till now has been about misinformation and misdirection.”
“Maybe they’ve decided it is time for a fair and honest settlement in the field”, said Sir Chardon.
“If that was the case, they would have taken the main road”, said Delta.
“They didn’t?” asked Sir Chardon. Delta shook her head. He pondered this for a while. “Oh, I kind of assumed you had taken their shilling. Is that not the case?”
“We have”, said Delta. “For training and guard duty. We haven’t signed up for combat.”
“I was just wondering why you were pondering this if you are now on the other side. So, to speak.”
“It’s always wise, in the mercenary business, to keep yourself informed.”

Chapter 30 – Guarding
They were woken in the morning by a squad of troops asking if they could pack up because they had to take the tent down. This confused them a bit, until Gwen explained that they had been breaking down the camp since before light. So, Delta and Gwen got their stuff together, and Zipper went and fetched their cart and donkeys from the stable.
There were a number of other carts staged in the big central area that were being loaded with all the mobile parts of the camp. To Zipper’s relief the kitchen was still serving, although just bundled up stuff to go. They stood for a while eating some sort of leftover concoction on bread.
“Glad to see you up finally”, said a voice. Major Kanni had come up to them.
Delta gave her a respectful nod rather than a salute as her hands were full. “Good morning. Are we moving out?”
“Yes”, she said. “This is where your guard duty starts.”
“Fair enough”, said Delta. “What position do you want us in?”
“We’ll put you on point”, she said. “We’re not expecting trouble. And I don’t think you want to be shepherding the stragglers at the back. I’m not so worried about our baggage train but we’re also escorting the civilian merchants we’ve cleared from the roads back to Bourger. So, I’ll take the rear and make the executive decisions about who to bawl out the most. I’ll send signals up if I need you to slow down. Understood?”
“Yes, sir”, said Delta. “But unless you are going to use runners, I’ll need a brief on your horn signals.”
“I’ll send a corporal up to go over the basics”, she said, nodding. “When you’ve licked the grease off your hands, take your wagon down to the road. There will be a caravan of the merchants coming up from Touchelle. Have them wait there. I’ll organize this lot in the lane, and when everyone’s ready to pull together, we’ll set out. Any questions?”
“No, sir. Seems light duty”, said Delta.
“Let’s hope so”, said the Major, and moved off.
After finishing up and stowing their gear, Zipper begged a helmet full of scraps from the kitchen for Johnston and put them in the back of the wagon. They moved out to the lane facing in the direction of Bourger. While they waited they puttered around, putting things in order, and rigging up additional storage.
“They must be moving towards Metzre”, said Delta. “Otherwise they wouldn’t be moving the baggage train in that direction.”
“Maybe they’ve boated out onto the lake, and up the river to Metzre”, said Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “No one has moved a military across water since that disastrous attempt to invade the Elven Isles way back when.”
“Well, it would be unique and unexpected”, said Zipper. “That seems their style.”
“True”, thought Delta. “Although getting enough ships might be hard.”
“Maybe he’s had orcs building them over in Bright for him”, said Zipper.
Delta’s mind boggled at the concept. “That’s a scary idea. If he can get orcs to build boats, he can do just about anything.”
“Magic”, said Gwen. “Magic up. Magic down. Answer not know. Answer is magic.”
“Yeah”, said Delta. “Given the magic they have, the answer could be anything. No point speculating.”
Carts and wagons had started lining up in the lane. And, in the distance, they saw more making their way up the lane from Touchelle.
“Looks like the party is here”, said Zipper.
Major Kanni turned up, gave a critical look at the civilians, and waved the mercenaries into motion. Zipper snapped the reins and the donkeys set off at their own pace. Wagons lurched into motion behind them, as those in the lane started up and then paced themselves behind them.
The day passed trivially. For the most part the forest was thick, and Gwen chatted with them. They were down to non-critical words, which were harder, since they were seldom literal, and they didn’t always have something at hand.
Goblin grammar was quite different from what they were used to. They suspected it was much more complicated than Gwen was explaining it, but that she left out all the irregularities. They tried to do the same, but the Romitu language, the language of the Empire, was an obnoxious polyglot of borrowed words form all the countries they had conquered. They really had no appreciation for how unruly it was until they tried to teach someone else.
Major Kanni rode up and down the line on her horse, when she wasn’t cajoling civilians to keep to the pace. She listened for a while when she was at the front. When they stopped she encouraged them to continue and participated. She didn’t understand goblin, but she had learned several languages, and occasionally had an insight into common grammatical constructs.
“Maybe we’ll extend your contract into linguistic training” she joked. “I certainly wouldn’t mind a goblin tutor. Maybe I’ll get the General to send me on a recruiting expedition to the goblins.”
Gwen looked very skeptical. “Mountain Goblins stay”, she said. “Respect humans not.”
Kanni shrugged. “Doesn’t mean we don’t respect them. Our general philosophy is that if you can pay taxes, you can be a citizen.”
“How long have you worked for this new empire?” asked Delta, carefully.
The Major gave her a penetrating stare, but with some humor. “I’ve been an officer a month”, she said. Then she followed on more quietly, “I was in Romitu when he created a fuss in the assembly and stormed off. I had read a lot of his speeches afterwards and was very impressed with him. It was disappointing when he vanished into the wastes and didn’t come back. Never did I expect him to turn up on my doorstep.”
A rider came back, indicating that Bourger was not far ahead. “Take the column straight through and out the other side of the village. There will be a field a bit of a distance past it marked with an imperial eagle. They are to set up base there. I’ll get our civilians split and parked in Bourger.” She cracked her reins and was off.
“Just a wee bit of hero worship, there”, said Zipper, under her breath.
“Seems a common affliction in this army”, said Delta. “I almost hope I never meet this general.”
“Magic”, said Gwen, and wiggled her fingers.
The sun was nearly down when they hit Bourger. A squad of troops came forward to encourage the locals back and let the army pass through. They could see fear and uncertainty in their eyes. But it was notable that they were out, straining to see, rather than cowering behind shuttered windows.
Shadows were lengthening by the time they got to the field. Some sort of order went out, and a few bright lights, much like the signal they had seen at Banbury Tower, went up and lit the area. Zipper and Delta helped where they could, setting up tent after tent in long rows. More and more kept being unloaded from the wagons.
“How big is their army?” said Zipper. It was well after sunset and they were still putting up tents.
“This does seem excessive”, said Delta. “Maybe it’s another ruse. To make them seem bigger than they are.”
By the time the last ones were up, cook had plenty of meals set out in the mess tent, which was, easily, three times the size it had been at the previous camp. They also noticed that there were many supplies being set out. And not just stacked for storage but being set out for preparation. It was very puzzling.
At least until the morning, when the first refugees began to arrive.
They came down the road from Metzre. Some in wagons. Some carrying packs. Many had been walking through the night. They were at first distressed to find an army between them and what they thought was safety in Bourger. But unarmed troops met them and directed them to tents and food. There were very little questions after that.
The news they had was scattered. Metzre was being attacked, but the details were vague. Most just knew there was fighting in the street, and those that couldn’t get behind the walls decided to just get out of there. They hadn’t stayed to see which side was winning.
Major Kanni snagged them early. “Ready for today’s duty?” she asked.
“We’ve taken the shilling”, said Delta.
“Good”, said Kanni. “The tabards are good. Leave them on. Take your poles. I want you to walk up and down the road from here to Metzre. As far as is reasonable and back. Let people know there is food and shelter ahead. But, mostly, keep the peace. Discourage looting. Help those in distress. Keep an eye out for brigands and others taking advantage of the situation.” She smiled. “Guard them. Understood?”
“I understand the orders”, said Delta. “It’s somewhat unconventional. But I’m not disagreeing.”
“This is a civil war, not a conquest”, said Kanni. “We wish these to be our subjects, not our chattel. Treat them as such.”
“Yes, sir”, said Delta, and saluted.
She and Zipper started down the road, poles propped over their shoulders. They let people know there was no harm. Space had been made for them in Bourger, and that it was not far ahead. They suggested, very politely, that those with carts consider taking on those exhausted from walking, since it was only a little further. The fact they were armored and had weapons made them very persuasive.
“Unconventional, my left eyeball”, said Zipper. “This is just crazy. I mean, don’t get me wrong. I’m not saying I prefer the weeping, wailing, innocent bloodshed and burnt crops that normally come with war. But people have always needed to do those things to win. These people’s ambitions are so far outside their grasp. How can they afford to be this magnanimous?”
Delta pondered in silence for a while. “I wonder”, she said eventually. “Just because it’s always been, does that mean it always has to be? How much of the pillage was for the victor, and how much for the victory?” She gestured around her. “This invading army may be the cause of their displacement, but it’s also going to feed and shelter them tonight. People have really short memories. It may be that there’s more to a war than just stabbing people.”
Zipper walked for a while as they approached the next clump of refugees. “This guy is either really stupid, or really clever. Either way, he’s either too stupid or too clever for me to work out.”

Chapter 31 – Brigands
The next day they requested, and after many penetrating stares and threats to hunt them, their children, and their children’s children down if they ran off, received one of the infinite waterskins. They rigged it up inside a keg and strapped to Zipper’s back, for appearance sake.
The refugees had continued to trickle in overnight. But most, who had been on the road, had sheltered for the evening. Once the sun was up, they started moving again.
It was much easier to reassure people with cups of cold water to refresh them. The stories they told weren’t that much different. The walls had been shut and some sort of siege started. Mostly they told of fear, fear of fire, fear of troops, fear of thieves. There were less stories of actual atrocities.
They saw their first soldier just before noon. He was young, dazed, and missing his helmet and shield. He welcomed the water and became slightly more coherent. He had been trapped outside the city walls and become separated from his troops. Everyone was asking him what to do and he didn’t know what to say. So, he ducked whatever enemy troops he could see, tried vainly to find his unit, and somehow ended up staggering down the road with the other refugees.
He seemed somewhat resigned when they said that the enemy was ahead, but if that he surrendered, they would give him food and shelter. They relieved him of his sword so his good intentions would be obvious.
It wasn’t until the early afternoon that they had their first trouble. It was pretty clear from some distance off. There was a cluster of carts, and a number of people along with them. A few soldiers could be seen perched on the leading one, which looked piled high with belongings. Several of those following argued, pleaded, and begged them, but their entreaties and the soldier’s contemptuous responses were lost to the wind.
“Trouble?” asked Zipper.
“Probably”, said Delta. “Keep the horn ready. Do you remember the sequence for ‘send reinforcements’?”
“Sort of”, said Zipper.
Delta stepped forward and waved her hand for the cart to stop. They ignored her. So, she took the reins of the lead horse and brought it to a standstill.
One of them, a Sargent if she understood the rankings right, jumped down and sidled up to her, chest puffed out and swaggering. She could smell alcohol coming from him. He came up very close to her and stared down at her. “You’d best get out of the way”, he said.
She looked back levelly at him. “There seems to be a dispute here. I’ve been asked to ensure that…”
“I don’t care what you’ve been asked to do”, he snarled, interrupting. “You’d best get out of the way”, he growled, and shoved her back.
She was ready for it, and instead of letting it put her off balance she used it to move back into a ready stance and brought the glaive down level. She continued to look levelly at him. Zipper shucked the keg off her shoulders behind her and lowered her spear as well.
“Are you going to cooperate, or do we have a problem?” Delta asked.
He laughed and slapped his thighs. His men joined in. “Do we have a problem?” The rest came down off the cart, settled their helmets and pulled their weapons out. Most were armed with swords that were waist height. The big one had a sword that came up to his chest and needed two hands. Several of the others had shields. “I don’t know. Do we have a problem?”
“I think we have a problem”, said Zipper, in an undertone to Delta.
“Yep”, she said. “Let the others know we have a problem.”
Zipper took a horn from her belt and sounded a couple of faltering notes.
The troops looked to their leader uncertainly, but he looked down the road and back to them. “Nice bluff. If you want to play a tune, let’s dance.” He lunged forward and swung his sword in a wide arc. Delta had her glaive choked back, to parry more strongly, but at the expense of range. She did a tilt deflection to direct his sword past her and continued the momentum into a swing back at him.
He jumped back and sneered at them. “Go wide, boys. These ones have some fight. But that will make them more fun to play with afterwards.” The rest started edging around them while the big one secured his helmet.
“Why can’t they do one of those easy-to-poke stationary tortoises”, complained Zipper.
Delta switched to goblin. “On mark. Quick rush left. Me high. You low. Then back. Defend.” Zipper grunted her acknowledgement. The soldiers were walking casually, giving their boss time to get ready.
“Mark!” cried Delta and skittered off to the left. The soldiers hadn’t gotten into a position where they could be on all sides, so they couldn’t take their rear while they focused in one direction. That left the mercenaries to bring both poles to bare against a single opponent. Delta closed the distance, switched her grip to further down the pole, and swung it high towards his head.
The trooper cursed, ducked, and brought his shield up to defend against it. In doing so he both blinded himself and exposed his legs. Zipper did a step and thrust past Delta’s side and planted her spear in this thigh. He had not been wearing all of his armor while on the cart and the strike told true. His curses turned to screams, his leg gave out, and he crashed to the ground.
The two mercenaries immediately backed away before the others could recover and try to circle in from behind. That had brought them further away from the cart. As the soldiers started to advance on them again, some of the others started to quickly rifle what they could from the cart.
The leader gave them a few more signals, and this time they went very wide before circling around.
“Rush forward”, said Delta. “Defense only. Get past. Turn and engage. Then back.”
She gave them a moment more, to let them achieve the net they were trying to make, but before they could close it, then she called the mark.
Delta rushed forward, just to one side of the boss. She held her glaive, ready to deflect any swing he made as they closed. Zipper was in lock step with her, but with her spear held at length, to deter the closest shield from closing too quickly as it rushed in.
The man swept, as expected, but kept his momentum and recovered quickly, bringing his blade around close as Delta was right on top of him. She intercepted its trajectory with her lower haft knocking the momentum out of it. She stopped there, nearly belly to belly with him, at a range neither of their weapons were good at. She felt Zipper at her back, crying and lunging, and heard the spear tip clatter on the shield. It probably wasn’t closing, figuring it had a few moments to wait for the other shields to rush in.
Delta kept in close, both of them moving for leverage to try to get around the other’s weapon, but to block the other from doing the same. She pivoted, though, moving around him on Zipper’s side, until her back was facing the direction of the cart.
“Two steps back”, cried Delta. Zipper immediately followed her. The gap between them and the soldiers opened up, and the boss and his shield pressed forward to close the distance before they got range advantage. This, however, also impeded the arriving far shields from directly entering the fray. They had a few seconds.
Delta feinted for the big man, let him deflect her glaive, and continued the deflected arc to bring the spike down on the shield to his left. Quick as an adder Zipper thrust at his face and, unable to raise his shield, she got a lucky shot through the eye slit. The Sargent had recovered and was coming down with a strong swing, but Delta was already backing away, lock step with Zipper. He took a step, but then thought again about facing off against two by himself.
The two stopped backing when they were just out of sword range, but still within their own. They feigned a few times to keep them jumpy. The two shields had come up, and the Sargent was questioning the shield on the ground who had been stabbed in the face. He moaned and howled about losing an eye and the Sargent gave up on him.
He growled orders at the two shields in an undertone, and they moved to close formation with him looming over them. They took some tentative steps forward and didn’t flinch at the feints this time.
“They remembered their brains”, said Zipper. “Not good.”
“Split”, said Delta. “I’ll try to bait two of them to follow me. If one splits off against you, take them. If not, hit their rear.”
“You can handle two?” asked Zipper.
“Best I’ve got”, said Delta. “Go so the sun is in their eyes.”
They pivoted again, away from the cart, putting their backs to the sun. She could see them getting ready for a quick charge. But, at that moment, Zipper shouted, did an extreme length thrust, and then backed quickly at an angle. Taking the bait, the Sargent growled at one to go run her down and pushed the other forward with him.
Delta skittered back. Two steps back, one turn, just like in training. To try to keep them at her range and her out of their range. But they were too quick and came on fast. She harassed the shield, and snagged it with her tip, but there was no spear to take advantage of that. So instead she used it to try to pin him down, and pivoted around her snagged opponent, trying to keep the shield between her and the Sargent with his long sword.
He had just got around the shield and was getting ready a swing when an egg hit him in the face, surprising him. The moment was lost, and Delta pivoted again to keep the shield snagged and interposed.
A couple of vegetables followed the egg. An incensed older woman screamed at the Sargent, as she held a basket full of smashed and broken things. They had come right alongside the cart, but all the other civilians had fled at their approach. But it was all too much for the woman who vented her anger and frustration at the man.
With a deeply insulting curse, he took one step forward and smashed her in the face with the guard of his sword. She went down like a lead brick and was still.
A sudden, white-hot rage infused Delta. She had been told to never get angry when she fought, as it robbed you of thought and reason. But the sudden silence and stillness of the woman, and the outrage done to her, got past her control. It was almost as if time went into slow motion. She did not want to defeat this opponent, she wanted to kill him.
She stepped forward, and with a two-handed thrust shoved her haft against the center of gravity of the shield, sending him down and over. With a second step she closed further on the Sargent, who was just turning back to her. The point on the tip of her glaive was curved, which made it useful as a second hook. But in this case the angle was right for bringing it up from low to high just under the edge of his helmet. The point hit the gap just right, and with two solid feet on the ground, and two firm hands in the middle of the haft, she drove it upwards, past the gorget and into the flesh on the other side.
His scream was immediately occluded with gurgling as he dropped his weapon and clutched for his throat, his knees already buckling. Delta turned from him, cold fires still burning in her to the shield. He was recovering and had just got his legs under him but hadn’t got back on his feet. His shield was low, and Delta could see his wide eyes through the eye slits as he watched his boss fall.
Delta pivoted, like in treacle, sliding her right hand down to the base of the haft, body tilting in his direction. She stepped out with her right leg, twisting her right hip forward, and using that to put every muscle of her legs, back and arm into thrusting the glaive forward, straight at the man’s eyes. It entered its target perfectly and the blow drove into him, knocked him back and to the ground, all of Delta’s weight pinning him there.
Time rushed back in. She staggered around and saw Zipper returning, her pace slowing, having just seen the last few seconds. Heedless Delta dropped her glaive and sank heavily to her knees next to the woman. “Water!” screamed Delta. She flung off her gauntlets and grabbed the woman, feeling her face and head. Blood was pouring down her forehead and Delta moved the hair, looking for the wound, but there was too much blood to see.
She looked up to scream for water again, but Zipper was already there, water streaming from the keg. Delta rinsed the woman’s head and the cold water brought her around. She took one dim look at them and started to scream and thrash. “Hold her”, said Delta, and clawed at her helmet straps. After three tries she got if off and thrust her face in front of the woman.
“Easy, easy”, she said. “They won’t hurt you again.” The woman seemed to fixate for a moment on Delta’s face, and then burst into sobbing. The fight went out of her and she succumbed to their ministrations.
“Put pressure, right there”, said Delta, guiding Zipper’s hand to the gash on the woman’s forehead. “Hold the flesh together, try to stop the bleeding. I don’t think her skull is cracked, but it’s not good.”
Others had clustered around, gawping. One woman was cutting cloth strips from her clothes. “Use his”, snarled Delta, indicating the Sargent. He still gurgled, but his twitching was getting weaker. The woman swallowed heavily, and then opted for the shieldman, who hadn’t moved since Delta struck him.
They had a soaked compress pressed hard to the woman’s head. She was watching them anxiously with the one eye that wasn’t covered. “Hold this” said Delta, and when Zipper had the compress Delta backed off, took a deep breath, and vomited to the side. She kept going until she had nothing left. Then she took the keg, rinsed her mouth out, and just sat there, eyes closed.
A few minutes later hoofbeats were heard. Major Kanni, Sir Chardon and a few others had come from the camp. Evidently, they had heard the horn. They circled once, taking in the situation, and then dismounted.
“Casualties?” barked Major Kanni.
Delta opened her eyes, looked to Zipper, and looked back. “We’re good”, she said.
 “One ran off”, said Zipper. She nodded her head at the two nearest her. “You can throw these two into the swamp.”
“We’ll bury them, same as the rest”, said Kanni, shortly. “I can guess what happened here. Sir Chardon, if you please. Can you adjudicate with these good citizens and ensure that what is rightly theirs is restored to them?”
Another horseman came up leading the soldier who had run away behind him. Kanni nodded at him and said to another. “See if you can contract with one of these fine folks for room on their cart to transport the wounded, dead, and anyone else who needs it.”
Delta got to her feet, stiffly, pushing herself up with her glaive. She saluted and said, “Sir. I request permission…”
“You are granted the rest of the day off”, said Kanni, cutting her off. “Take the cart if you need it. You’ve certainly earned your pay today.”

Chapter 32 – Scars
They did take the cart back. Delta walked into the tent, silently took off and stacked her armor, and then collapsed on the cot. Gwen got up on one elbow and looked questioningly at Zipper.
“Some of Metzre’s soldiers went rogue. We had to take them down”, said Zipper, and started taking her own armor off.
“Big fight?” asked Gwen.
“Big enough”, said Zipper.
Gwen pushed her legs off the cot, and then pulled herself over to Zipper. She cautiously laid a hand on her arm. “You fight forty-four? All you?” she asked.
Zipper smiled. “Yeah. Something like.” She looked over at Delta. “Killed some. They deserved it.”
Gwen rocked back and watched her intently. “Problem goblins have”, she said. “Drink goblins don’t. Forget memories no way. Give Thule.”
“Thule be far”, said Zipper. “Sounds like good advice.”
Gwen started a low singing. The words were simple, with the same syllable repeated over and over for the most part. There was a lot more nasal aspiration than in normal speech. Some rhythmic parts were accompanied by finger snapping and chest slapping. Whatever there was to it, it worked. Delta’s breathing had calmed, and Zipper was asleep before she was aware of it.
 
She was awakened a few hours later with gentle nudging from Gwen. “Zip”, said Gwen, trying to get through the fuzziness. “Food.”
“I’m awake”, said Zipper, although she clearly wasn’t.
A few minutes later, Gwen managed to make it clear that the mess tent was closing soon and that if she didn’t get up now, she was not going to get food.
“I’m awake”, said Zipper. “Really. Where are my boots?”
Delta was up too. She already had her boots on, but she was just standing quietly next to the door, staring at nothing in particular.
Gwen was on Johnston and nudged Delta with her folded-up tabard. She looked at it for a moment and then reached out, took it, and put it on automatically.
“Man, I’m starving”, said Zipper, pulling her own tabard over her head.
They walked out into dim light. The sun had been down for hours, but there was still bustle and noise around the camp. Refugees sat about everywhere. Most of them had tents, but in their disruption and loss they sought out others just to talk to.
There were not many people left eating in the mess tent, but there were plenty of people there, talking over the remains of food. They filled their bowls and went to find a place to sit down. People looked up when they saw them, and got up, leaving space. But they didn’t get up in the ‘we don’t want to be near you’ sense, but in the ‘we respect you, have our seats’ sense.
Delta tracked that in the confusion as she sat down. After a mouthful or two, she realized she really was hungry, and focused on eating for a while. When she looked up, a boy had shyly approached. He carefully placed a handful of strawberries on the table in front of her. She leaned forward to try to catch what he was mumbling. He took a step back and said louder “Thank you for your help on the road today!” and then ran off.
She looked at the strawberries, fascinated. They must have been from someone’s plot in the town, hastily picked as they fled. She picked one up and ate it. It was a little early, but still tasted good. She looked beyond it and saw that the boy had run to his parents, who watched her solemnly. She nodded to them and mouthed “thank you”.
Delta ate another two, and then looked to her companions. She gave one to Zipper, who was strongly hinting she would very much like one. Then she smiled slightly, and passed one to Gwen, who took it dubiously. After tasting it, though, her eyes lit up.
“Strawberry”, she said, teaching them the goblin word. “Smaller strawberries in mountains. Recognize didn’t.” Delta passed the rest around.
A few other families and individuals came up and offered them bits and pieces. Delta was surprisingly touched. Eventually she just asked them to stop. “I have been paid”, she said. “Thank you. But please keep what you have. You need it more than I do.”
They were nearly done with their meal when Sir Chardon came through the tent. He looked exhausted but stopped to talk to many of the refugees and offer them reassurances. He did a surprised double take when he went past their table.
“Ah, there you are”, he picked a seat and sat down heavily. “I did want to thank you personally for your effort on the road today.” He stared at the table, shaking his head. “I am dreadfully, dreadfully disappointed in the behavior of those Metzre troops. Desertion. Brigandy. I would not have believed it of them.” He looked up at them. “You, however, fought with bravery, dignity, and courage.” He turned and indicated the people. “For the common good. Such nobility, from mercenaries no less, puts my county to shame.”
Delta hardened her jaw. “We do what we’re paid to do”, she said. “We’re mercenaries.” She used the same tone he had. “Your praise should be delivered to those who hired us.”
He nodded absently and collected his thoughts. “That is certainly something to think about.” He got up then, bid them good night, and left.
“Nice guy”, said Zipper. “Completely clueless.”
“Just like Sir Rault”, said Delta. Then she sighed. “Still, better than completely ruthless. We’ve been lucky.”
“Not a scratch on us”, said Zipper, cheerily.
“Not on the outside, anyway”, said Delta, distractedly. Then she drank her tankard of water empty. “That’s the life of a polearm. No injuries but fatal ones.”
 
They slept the rest of the night soundly and woke to army criers announcing there was going to be a general assembly just after dawn. This seemed more aimed at the civilians than those with arms, but they put their gear on and trooped out anyway, standing at the back.
The address was given by Major Kanni. She first thanked them for being orderly and polite and assured them that there would be space for them here for as long as they wanted. But she said that news had reached her during the night that the fighting was over in Metzre. There wasn’t exactly cheering, but people were more attentive. She said she expected a lot of them would be eager to return to their homes to secure their places and looked for loved ones. To facilitate this, they would be providing escort for any who wished to travel in caravan, leaving in an hour’s time. She reassured people, again, that they could also stay if they wished. And that future caravans would be arranged at future times.
“Guess what duty we have today”, said Zipper.
They were already harnessing up their wagon when a corporal came around to tell them they would be lead on the caravan back to Metzre. They smiled politely and moved on out to the road.
“A two-day siege”, said Delta. “Pretty quick by most standards.”
“Those walls wouldn’t hold out flies”, said Zipper. “They probably blew hard and knocked them down.”
“The castle was solid enough”, said Delta. “Not pretty. But defensible.”
“If you had the will to defend it”, said Zipper. “This General of theirs appears to be quite the talker. Maybe he just asked them to tea, and they capitulated.”
“Magic”, said Gwen.
They got started an hour late. Major Kanni rode with them for the first hour, ostensibly to discuss more about the goblin language. But the causeway was bright, and Gwen was sleepy, so it was mostly secondhand information from Delta and Zipper.
The conversation was much interspersed with trivialities about other cultures that Kanni had seen. She gave them a formal overview of the Orcish tradition of medal giving, most of which they already knew. It had been bloodier and purely for combat prowess when she had toured Bright. The modern practice was unique to this army. When she found out they had been given medals already, she insisted they recite the tales of them and impressed upon them that it would be a very good idea if they remembered them clearly and wore them prominently.
Eventually she looked regretfully to the sun. “Well, that’s my excuse done.” She paused a moment before leaving. “There were many times I thought, as a young girl, of running off with just such a mercenary bunch as you. Now I’m older, with a command position and responsibility. I don’t have the luxury.” She looked around, up and down the line, but not at them. “I know I’m over-romanticizing things. Reality is always dirty and smelly. It doesn’t stop me being envious, in parts.” Now she looked directly at them. “Gods be with you.” And she rode off.
They rode on in silence for a while. Zipper craned her neck around to make sure she was gone. “’We need a reputation’, you said. ‘We’ll get better jobs with a reputation’, you said.” She looked mock askance at Delta. “You didn’t say anything about the fans telling us how courageous and noble we were or sighing over their lost, adventurous youth.”
“It kind of makes sense now, though”, said Delta. “All the really impressive mercenary bands I heard about didn’t want to have anything to do with anyone. Mostly they just wanted to do their job, be paid, and be left alone.”
“So, we ditch the tabards and aspire to mediocracy?” asked Zipper.
“I don’t think that’s an option anymore”, said Delta. She looked down at the sleeping Gwen. “We’re known and we stand out too much.”
“We could always buy passage through one of those commerce gates.” She made a wooshing noise. “Suddenly we’re on the other side of the world.”
“At least until these guys catch up”, said Delta. “They want it all.”
“That’s crazy talk”, said Zipper. “They’ll probably settle for Avenio.
Delta shrugged. “Let’s see what happened in Metzre. Right now, we’re leading a long line of happy, grateful citizens who only remember who saved them, and not who put them in peril to begin with. Do you know what a snowball is?”
“I do in theory”, said Zipper. She looked up and down the line. Some had begun singing. She looked less certain than she had been.

Chapter 33 – Plans
On the way back to Metzre they encountered a decreasing number of refugees. Some had been on the road since the night before and didn’t know anything about the fighting being over. But as the day went on, fewer and fewer came and they spoke of decreased fighting, but beyond that they were pretty vague.
From their stories, though, Metzre had not been burned to the ground, levelled, or flattened. Some spoke in hyperbolic terms about personal loss, and it was clear that the fighting had not left the place untouched. But as the stories spread there was less and less trouble herding the civilians, as Major Kanni had put it. They were all eager to get home.
As night approached, the town came into view. It looked unchanged from a distance. No columns of thick smoke could be seen, and the castle still stood. The lowering light of the sun did catch that the flag flying over the castle was not the Metzre family crest, but an Imperial eagle.
That was enough for Delta. She pulled the cart over to the side, and just got out of the way. The rest could make it home themselves. They watched them file past, all eyes eagerly forward. A few did take the time to notice them and offer thanks.
The rearguard caught up with their position, mostly comprised of the Amazon mercenary recruits. “Did we leave anyone behind?” asked Delta.
“A few carts broke down”, said the senior most. “With us ahead, and the others at the other end, they were happy enough to take their chances on the causeway. It’s not an easy thing to get on from the swamp side.”
“Best we camp here”, said Delta. “Just in case someone gets ideas and tries to go down the road.” She looked to the town and back. “Will you join us? Or do you want to find where quarters are in town?”
They discussed it themselves for a while. The consensus was to take their meal here, and then see what the quarter situation was in town.
So, they lit a small fire in the middle of the road and broke out what food they had left. They swapped some information on what campaigns they had been on, and who paid the best and who to avoid.
“Are you going to join up?” asked Aella after a while, the leader of the Marauders. “You’d get a commission, no problem.”
“I’m not sure that’s what I want”, said Delta. “I didn’t ask for the commission I have.”
“Yeah”, said Aella, “they don’t promise not to split you up. But there’s talk they’re going to re-institute one of the three Amazon armies.” There were general murmurs of enthusiasm from the rest. “They’ve been disbanded for a hundred or so years, but they think they might even be able to find the original standard.”
“That sounds exciting”, said Delta, without a lot of sincerity. “But we’re not Amazons.”
Aella waved them off. “It’s a state of mind.” She leaned closer. “The point is, that there will be lots of room at the top. Some of the mercs who joined early have risen pretty high. Some are even in the inner circle.”
Delta shrugged. “Rising through the ranks isn’t really my goal.” She nodded towards Zipper and Gwen. “I’m happy with my crew. I might round us up to a full six. If we find the right people.”
“I have to admit”, said Aella, “the pay sucks. But it’s regular. Same with the food. We hit some short times a while back. They weren’t happy times. So, I’ll put up with the pay for a full belly and something to do.”
Zipper couldn’t contain herself anymore. “Doesn’t this whole ‘conquer the world’ thing bother you?” she said, exasperated. “I mean, it’s clear nonsense. It’s a fairy tale. Don’t you feel you’re being led on?”
Aella looked at her, considering, as if the question had never occurred to her. “I guess it might be. But, for now, that’s above my pay grade.”
“What about when it isn’t?” asked Zipper. “Say you rise up to an officer in this new Amazon Army”, she wiggled her fingers. “Then it will be your job to sell that nonsense to new recruits.”
The Amazon looked a little annoyed now. “After the Amazon armies revolted, they marched three times around Romitu city, and no one would say ‘boo’ to them. Who’s to say we won’t do that again?”
Delta put her hand on Zipper’s arm. “Let’s just leave it at that”, she said. “Right now, I’m pretty good with our flexibility. I’ve met a lot of the troops, and they seem good people. But I don’t know what the man at the top is like.” She nodded towards the town. “I’ve met Count Metzre. He’s not bad, for a noble. But his men are cacamas.” She used a goblin insult she had come to like the sound of. “I’m not ready to pick a side.”
Aella seemed a bit insulted that their General would be considered alongside of the Avenio Count. But she didn’t pursue it. They chatted about some inconsequential things a bit longer, and then decided it was time to see if there was a mess tent in town with a second dinner.
“Fanatics”, said Zipper, when she was mostly sure they were out of earshot.
“Is patriotism not just a color of fanaticism?” asked Delta, semi-rhetorically.
Zipper grumped a bit more, but let it go. After a while she asked, “What’s the real reason we’re camping out here tonight?”
The fire had burned down a bit, and Delta busied herself adding a few more sticks of the ones they had scavenged. “I guess I’d like to first see the city by day.”
“We’ve seen it already”, said Zipper. “It’s not that scenic.”
“I want to see how they have conducted their war”, said Delta. “I want to see what approach they took to it, where they attacked, what damage they did and did not do.”
“And you don’t want to just ask someone?” said Zipper, less testy.
“That’s right”, said Delta. “They didn’t tell us anything about this. Or the refugee camp before we were doing it. They’ve made a lot of plans. And they haven’t told us about them.”
“They’re not going to tell us about them”, said Zipper.
“That’s right”, said Delta. “They’re not. So, the better I understand their plans, and how they plan, the better plans I can make for us.”
“Huh”, said Zipper, poking at the fire in her turn. “I’m glad I wasn’t the tallest one on that field when we met.”
Gwen was alert and watching the conversation. It wasn’t clear how much she understood, but she was following it back and forth. “Blow wind leaf”, she said. “Know direction good.”
Delta smiled and nodded. “Best I can. Best I can.”
 
There was very little traffic on the road that night. But just enough to justify them guarding it. They rose at first light, packed up their camp, and made their own way to the town.
Delta set them going in a wide arc around the outskirts of the town. The road to Bourger started out to the west, before curving north to the causeway. There was some detritus of things dropped as people repacked after the scramble from the town, but no other signs of fighting.
Following the shaggy perimeter of outbuildings outside the walls along the north was pretty quiet. There was very little to be seen, and not even a guard on the wooden plank bridge over the river. Towards the east, there were more signs of fighting. A barricade had been thrown up over the main eastern road out of the town and a few guards were there. The mercenaries identified themselves to the guards, who waved them on in whichever direction they wanted.
Signs of the battle picked up as they rounded the edge of the city to the south. There were the remains of barricades, some of which were burnt out. A few houses had been pulled down and there were a number of people clearing rubble.
“This looks like the main thrust of their attack”, said Delta. She stood in the rack and ruin and looked up and down. “They came in from over there, near the commerce gate, and just went straight for the castle.” She paced alongside the cart, towards the city walls.
A wide section of the wall on the southern side had come down. There was a wide pile of rubble and collapsed houses on either side. It looked as if they had been burning at some point but had been put out since.
“Martius”, swore Zipper. “What can take a whole wall down like that? What sort of magic do they have?”
Delta shook her head. “Sappers”, she said. She pointed at a number of hoardings that had been set up around a hole in the ground, not far from the collapsed section. “Dig down. Get under the foundations. Shore it up with wood as you go so it doesn’t come down on you. Then, when you have undermined the section you want, fill it with brush and fire it. The supports burn away, the cavity collapses, and the wall comes tumbling down.”
They moved closer to it. There were a few guards around the hole, who nodded to them, but didn’t budge or indicate they could get closer. They turned to the left, aiming for one of the actual gates in the wall, which would be easier to get the cart through.
“Magic”, said Delta, when they moved past it. “But not how you think.” She glanced around to see who was close enough to hear. “First: you couldn’t sap that length of wall in two days. Not with a battalion of Dwarves. Second: no spoil heaps. Unless they were extremely tidy and walked the dirt all the way out of town, or used it as fill for a ramp, I didn’t see any sign of what they dug out.”
“I would not have spotted that”, said Zipper. “I’ve never worked a siege. Never heard any interesting stories about them.”
“Engineers love sieges”, said Delta. “It’s where they get to shine. One came through the village and my instructor made me listen to him go on about this sort of thing for hours. I didn’t appreciate it then. But I do now.”
The guard at the gate was more directing traffic than questioning people, so they got through with no problem. “What I don’t get”, said Delta, craning her neck around to look at the state of the gatehouse as they passed through, “is why they bothered. The wall isn’t in good condition. They probably could have pulled it down in several other places.”
“I’d say they were trying to impress people. By if it takes a siege geek to spot how impressive it was, that doesn’t make sense”, said Zipper. “Training?” she suggested, after a while.
“Could be”, said Delta. “Although that would be awfully arrogant. In any military campaign I’ve heard about the commanders always take the lowest risk, highest chance of success option. Lives and resources are scarce in time of war. You don’t have the luxury of taking a long view.”
“That’s been bugging me for a while”, said Zipper. “They have no supply chain. Where’s cook get all that food from? They aren’t pillaging the countryside for it like normal. And I haven’t heard any troops involved in schlepping it all the way from Bright or some other conquered territory to here.”
“They’ve got magic water bottles”, said Delta. “That would really change things if they had magic bread baskets.” They had come around the front of the castle. The invaders had taken over the outbuildings as their own headquarters, but the building was largely undamaged. The imperial flag flew from the highest battlement, but the Count’s own arms flew from the next highest.
“An orderly rearrangement of fealty”, said Delta. “Do you know what gives me most pause?” Zipper shrugged. “The refugees. There were barricades to the west, they came from the south, they all took the east road. They knew that was going to happen. They planned for it and set up tents for them at the other end of the causeway. How many steps ahead does this guy think?”

Chapter 34 – Courier Duty
They checked in with the clerks in headquarters. It was the most active they had ever seen it. The clerks were rushing from one person to another. Troops were going in and out with messages. A number of people in castle livery were also on hand to answer questions or to take down messages.
Eventually they were noticed, and the man who usually dealt with them smiled and came right over. “Good to see you. I’ve had nothing but good reports about you. We will be extending your guard contract for another three days, if you accept that. We don’t have much time for training right now. After that we will be offering you an extended courier mission. Probably about a month or two long if that would be of interest.”
Delta looked around. “I can see you are busy right now, so I won’t press for details. We will need to discuss it and see the exact request, but I think we will probably say yes.”
“I can plan around that”, said the clerk. He counted out their pay, half in silver, and half in brass promissory coins. “Please see the officer of the day for quarters and your place on the duty roster.”
They saluted and left the clerk to his business. First, they got the donkeys and wagon quartered in the stable, then got Gwen to their quarters. When they reported for duty the Sargent gave them a quarter of the city, and a name to report to for rubble clearing and general cleanup.
It was dirty work, but fairly mindless. They had worn their nice, white tabards, and on account of that, the Lieutenant in charge decided they would be better off directing the people filling the carts, and clearing a path for the carts as they moved to where the fill was to be dumped.
Gwen was given night patrol. She was to stalk the city at night and scare the crap out of anyone acting suspicious. It was duty she delighted in.
In their off time, they tracked down a seamstress and a washerwoman. They had a second set of tabards made, and the designs embroidered on, instead of being painted. The wagon was brought to a wainwright to make some of the more extensive modifications they wanted, and to prepare it for a longer journey.
They were summoned to where operations were set up a few days later. The General was ensconced in the castle with Count Metzre and they had been engaged in writing messages to all the other senior landed nobility of Avenio, including the King himself. They had a detailed list of which messages were to be delivered two whom.
“We feel it would be best to have a nominally neutral third party deliver these. And we want them delivered safely and securely, so if they are armed, so much the better.” He showed them the elaborate tubes the messages were stored in. “Each is addressed and sealed like so. If it is opened by other than who it is designed for, the message will be blanked. So, in the worst case, if someone tries to get at them, let them. Do not lay down your life for these messages. Their loss would be an inconvenience, not a calamity.”
“That’s very kind of you”, said Delta. She and Zipper exchanged glances. Here was more of that practical magic that they had seen much of.
“I expect the recipients will have many questions for you. You may speak freely of all you have seen or partaken in. That, too, is part of the message we are sending.” He smiled confidently.
It all seemed good. The wages were the usual mediocre amount, but the duty was light. They took the job.
They were serious when they said they had letters for everyone of Viscount or higher title. The destinations were scattered across the length and breadth of Avenio. All major towns south of Metzre, as they, pretty much, had the north all tied up.
It was mostly civilized country, with little general danger on the road. They had remounted their polearms into vertical loopholes since they weren’t trying to be subtle. They even flew pennants from them. Brigands avoided them, and officials who let them pass when they explained their mission and showed their scrolls.
The only part where they met any difficulty was when they decided to overland from Rouuiler to Touco. A last finger of the mountains that made up the world’s spine jutted out into the belly of Avenio there and the unsettled land was fairly trackless and wild. The wagon proved difficult, and they had to lift it at times. But they had replaced the wheels by now with good iron reinforced ones, so the main hinderance was speed. The donkeys, by now, were in much better shape, and had finally warmed to the ministrations of Zipper.
The whole area put Gwen in high spirits. Although there was only one outcropping that rose to her standard of being called a mountain, the fact that there were slopes and you could actually see the terrain around you was something she found very comforting. Their mutual comprehension of language had also improved a lot on the road and seeing all of this loosened her tongue and they exchanged much about their childhoods and where they came from.
After a day or so’s ride into the wild lands, she pointed out to them a pile of stones that was a territorial marker. She was quite excited and said that they should be able to negotiate not just passage, but an escort and probably help over the rough bits. They decided that was a lot better than fighting their way through.
Following her direction, they spent the afternoon laying out their blankets, and a selection of their tools and stores. Nothing they couldn’t do without or replace, but that she said would be appealing to the locals. They built a fire and waited for night to come.
And when it did, so too did the goblins. They had been spotted as soon as they entered the valley, and they were expected. What was unexpected was that they would stop and do them respect. This curiosity brought them out, including the chief.
Gwen did most of the speaking, being fluent. The accent was different, but it was mostly comprehensible. She explained the clan she came from, which they had distantly heard of, and that she was now working for Delta, who served as an itinerant chief. They were quite taken aback when Delta made a few comments, herself, in goblin. The negotiators considered for several moments how much of what they said had been understood. After that the conversation was much more measured and respectful.
Deals were made and goods were exchanged. Passage was bought, not just through their territory, but they also negotiated on behalf of the other tribes on the route. No doubt taking a measured cut from the top. They even promised a giant to help porter the wagon over a specifically difficult bit, to shave an extra day off their journey.
Several of the blankets interested them, as well as the cloth from the top they had rigged for the wagon. They could weave, but it was long and laborious, and they did not raise wool bearing animals. Similarly, the sewing kit, and especially the needles, they had were highly prized. They were good with iron, but not on such a small scale.
There was a bit of a stir once they realized that Gwen did not have the use of her legs. She had been conducting her business while appearing to sit cross legged. However, negotiations were so far progressed at that point that they downplayed it and steamed ahead.
On their side, Delta and Zipper coveted their chain mail. It wasn’t as good as dwarven make, but the price was much more affordable. Unfortunately, they did not have any to fit them, and they did not have the time for them to resize any pieces, otherwise they would have spent much of their savings on it. They did pick up some well-tanned leather and furs for general use and to make their wagon more comfortable.
They conversed much with their escort on the way through their region. Both to improve their accent and vocabulary, but also to glean what sort of things they would find valuable to trade in the future for a chain shirt or aventail.
At a high saddle between two hills they parted with their escort. It commanded a good view of the slope ahead, and after looking around for a bit, Delta got her perspective aligned. This was where she grew up, and certain parts of it formed the skyline of her youth.
Once their message was delivered to Touco, they took a couple of days for Delta to visit with her family and relations. They were both delighted and proud to see her, especially when she insisted on leaving a majority of her savings with them. Either to keep for her, or to use if there was need.
She introduced both Zipper and Gwen to her old mentor, who was now quite elderly. He listened with interest to their war stories but tended to nod off.
Eventually, after replacing miscellaneous goods they had traded to the goblins, they continued with their journey. They travelled along the southern border before turning northward, and going up the coast, finally arriving at Germarnis, the capital city and seat of the Kingdom of Avenio.

Chapter 35 – Germarnis
The City of Germarnis lay nestled on one end of a large, sandy bay. The land rose steeply behind it to the headland, and that side had been sculpted to a cliff face to provide an even steeper bulwark guarding that side of the city. From where the slope was no longer steep enough to be defensive, walls emerged, girdling the city from the headlands in an arc to the wide sandy beach, and some distance into the water.
There were many high towers along the wall, from which pennants in the city’s colors flew. There were no siege weapons atop these, but there were many arrow slits facing in all directions. They projected out from the line of the wall, so their arc of fire included the space between them. There was no moat, but there was a deep ditch at the base and a sloped talus supporting the wall, to deter rams, ladders, and other means of breaking or scaling the wall.
A grand gate and gatehouse pierced the landward side of the wall, with multiple portcullises and a draw bridge over the ditch. The gatehouse projected outward from the wall, at a lower level, providing a second heavily crenelated platform to bombard enemies with. The two round towers on its corners gave plenty of cover to the approach and were surmounted with large wooden catapults.
“Now that is a castle”, said Zipper.
They had just crested the last ridge before the long slope, meticulously clear of cover, leading down to the city. The sun was setting, seeming to sink into the great lake beyond the city in fiery splendor. The sight was breathtaking.
There was a little halting spot here, specifically for travelers who were late to the city. The gates shut strictly at sundown, and no exceptions were made, they were told. A few cottages were in the area, and locals were quite happy to sell anyone waiting minor necessities and hot food.
They had been on the road a long time and had been looking forward to a roof over their heads, but they had not made the time they had hoped. “One more night under the stars”, said Delta.
“Good”, said Gwen. “You need more practice with star names.” That had been one of their nightly rituals for the last few weeks. Goblins, being largely nocturnal, had quite the vocabulary for aspects of the night sky. Lighting conditions and weather were indicated by which stars were and were not visible. Delta and Zipper, between them, could name a dozen or so of the stars, but Gwen could name at least a hundred. So, the consensus had been to learn the goblin names.
“I’m gonna say it is worth it for that sunset”, said Zipper, watching the light fade with her hands on her hips. “That’s the biggest lake I’ve ever seen. It looks even bigger than the ocean from here.”
They paid the locals to light a fire in the firepit but did not pay them for the overpriced hot meal they offered. Gwen had taken to cooking, since she was picky about her food, and the others weren’t. She still had a stock of spices she had traded for with the goblins but used them sparingly on Delta’s food. She’d come a long way in her spice tolerance, but still wasn’t up to either Zipper or Gwen’s standard.
“One scroll left”, commented Delta, while eating the food. “But this will be the most consequential.”
At this stage, they knew, more or less, what it would say. Although they hadn’t read any of them personally, they had been interrogated by enough nobles who had received them to get the gist.
The Imperialist general was offering to meet the combined might of Avenio in a battle at midsummer to settle the matter formally with as little collateral damage as possible. The nobles, so far, were not entirely enthusiastic about the idea. But they weren’t enthusiastic about being picked off one by one as had been done in the north of the country. So much hinged on the King’s response. If he was up for it, they would send their forces to support him. Delta guessed they would probably send their worst troops and retain the rest for their own defense. But it would still fulfil their pledge of fealty. Several of them had given them their own scrolls to take and deliver on to the King, as they were going that way anyway.
“Do you think they’ll go for it?” asked Zipper.
Delta shrugged. “Hard to say. They would probably have the numerical advantage, but it was also be legitimizing their effort. If they lost, they would be expected to concede.” She waved her hand towards the city. “On the other hand, the provinces may need the King more than the King needs the provinces. As you said, that’s an impressive castle. Why trot your troops onto the field to fight when you can put them behind walls like that? They’ve got a commerce gate inside the city, and a harbor protected by the walls. It isn’t as generous an offer as it sounds.”
“You tell them that?” asked Gwen. Everyone they had talked to so far asked them all they could about the Imperialists, how they fought, and what they were likely to do.
“Sure”, said Delta. “They won’t listen. They haven’t so far. But they’ll ask anyway.”
“I could nearly answer at this point”, said Zipper. “You’ve got it pretty well rehearsed by now.”
“True”, said Delta.
“Me!” said Gwen, grinning. “I answer!” She sat up straight and adopted a very Delta like expression. “Magic!” she proclaimed, in a mock serious voice. “Magic, magic, magic!”
They all laughed. If nothing else, the extended journey had given them a lot of time together. They had gone from complete strangers, to comrades in arms, and were now fast friends. Even Johnston was comfortable around them. Only the donkeys remained aloof.
 
Even though they set off early the next day, there was still a line at the gate. Mostly it was merchants and locals bringing food and fodder into the city. This was clearly routine for them, as they all had the appropriate tariffs ready to pay, depending on their point of origin.
Someone more senior had to be summoned to adjudicate the mercenary’s entry. The trade auditors inspected their wagon to make sure all goods were personal and not for resale while the magistrate pondered their sealed scroll and claim that they were messengers charged with delivering it to the King.
Delta played it calm and cool, as she normally did. Answering their questions politely and forthrightly and letting them come to their own conclusions. Not unexpectedly, they demurred at letting Gwen and Johnson in the city walls, but, with well-rehearsed moves, she presented her papers showing she was a cavalry unit attached to Wight’s Brigade.
In the end, they let them in. The concern that they were right and delaying them unduly would impede the King’s business outweighed any doubt they had in their story. A page was assigned, for a modest gratuity, to lead them in the right direction, and provide confirmation to the castle that the city gate had passed them in under this pretext, to avoid them going through the whole question and answer ritual again.
The streets they passed were clean and well cobbled. They garnered a few looks as they passed up and down. Almost as much for the unusual configuration of their conveyance, as for their clear mercenary nature. The “war wagon” had evolved over the trip. It now had a propped-up awning over the rear half, where Gwen camped out during the day and during rain. Cabinets and drawers lined the inside, like a small ship. Even Johnston had his own perch.
The castle received them politely if a bit skeptically. They took them a bit more seriously when they saw the quantity of scrolls they had delivered from a variety of sources. Also, the fact that they didn’t insist on seeing the King themselves or with ultra-urgent haste seemed to lend credence to their story.
An inn was recommended to them and it was suggested they remain ready to attend the King or any councilors at a moment’s notice. They expected it would take some time to digest all of the messages, but if they proved to be from where they purported to be, they had little doubt that someone would want to talk to them.
The inn was quite nice, and rather more expensive than they would normally afford. The staff clearly thought so as well, and were reluctant to take them on, until Delta explained that was fine, it was just a bit inconvenient because this is where the King would be expecting to find them. Reluctantly, they let them quarter their unconventional wagon in their stable and found a room for them. Although they did make them pay in advance.
“I hope this goes on expenses”, said Zipper, bouncing on the bed. “I mean, it’s wonderful and all, but I’d happily put up with less and have more in my paycheck.”
“I don’t know”, said Delta. “We’ll have to see. I’m fine with paying for a night or two. Just as a bonus for the end of a long journey. But if they aren’t going to pick up the tab, I agree that we would all be more comfortable in somewhere more modest.” She looked through the little window the room had onto the inner courtyard. “In the meantime, let’s make use of the facilities. If we do get a summons, it would be good to have the dust of the road washed off us.”

Chapter 36 – Advisors
They were just finishing up a very pleasant luncheon when a runner arrived indicating that they were wanted at the castle. This was delivered by a member of the inn staff who seemed rather surprised they really had been telling the truth. Delta was polite about it, but Zipper gave a few “I told you so” stares behind her back.
Without the cart to manage, Delta paid a bit more attention to the fortifications this time. It was a working administrative center, but it had not shirked on any of the defenses. Despite the traffic, everyone had to go through the one gate. There were no side gates for convenience. At least not obvious ones. The gatehouse to the castle was nearly as impressive as the one to the town. It didn’t have as much clear space in front of it, nor siege weapons on top of it, but it overhung the entry area and, looking up, there were plenty of machicolations and murder holes to rain down spite upon any enemy. The portcullis was of wrought iron, and quite free of rust, and the inner door was thick, stout wood, doubly reinforced.
Once inside, and in particular the passages they traveled, the austerity of a defensive edifice gave way to the comforts of a home and working place. Walls were plastered, or at least whitewashed, boards were laid over the stone flags, and wide windows let in light. However, the windows only faced onto the inner courtyard, and all had sturdy shutters ready at hand.
They were led to an expansive room, with arrow slits leading outward, and a large fireplace in which a fire had been set, but not lit. Benches and worktables were there, and Delta could see many of the scrolls they had brought lying open there. There was a gallery on an upper level, but it didn’t connect with the main area. She assumed it was for musicians to entertain those below when the meeting was less martial.
The room was dominated by several people she took to be nobles, by their dress. There was rich velvet and ornamentation, well fed figures and just the air of expectation that others were there to facilitate them. Indeed, there were several others in the room with clearly defined roles for them: scribes, pages, a butler and even a maid.
The page brought her in, and motioned for her to wait, and joined the other page. Delta assumed a ready stance with her eyes ahead, not focusing on anything. Except for a brief moment to check that Zipper was assuming the same position. She was not. She was looking around at the paintings and decorations on the mantle, the candelabra providing light, and everything else. But that was fine. This was her first time having to be present for the follow up grilling.
There had been an idle argument taking place when they arrived. Two of the nobles had a differing opinion on something relating to the content of one of the letters and were stating their views in elaborately polite language. Delta tried hard to not listen to the specifics and instead focus on the intent and the relation between them. It almost seemed as important for each to try to persuade the other of their opinion than for the merit of their opinion. Eventually they agreed to disagree and to let the King decide for himself.
After that they turned to her and summoned her over. She bowed respectfully to the assemblage at large, introduced herself, and put herself at their service.
They followed with the usual, expected questions. The details of their passage, the delivery dates, their history with both the Imperials and any Avenio contracts they had taken. She deferred to Zipper for one or two questions, to keep her included and to make it look less like the lines were completely rehearsed.
One of them perked up when she mentioned she had stayed a few days in Touco to visit family. Her clothes were as well made as the rest, but not so heavily ornamented. She also did not appear to partake in the jockeying for position that the others endlessly engaged in. Although for her avoidance of it, her position did not seem inconsequential.
“Family in Touco you say?” she asked. “Did they settle there or are you from there?”
“I grew up there, Ma’am”, said Delta. She was unclear of the person’s position, and unsure to use a military or noble honorific. But the woman didn’t even note it.
“I wonder did you ever come across an old sword by the name of Athanasius?” she asked.
“Master Athanasius?” she said, surprise breaking over her face. “Yes, yes. I spent two years learning the fighting trade from him.”
“Really? Well met then!” said the woman. “I fought with him in the Marlborough campaign. Does he still live then?”
“Indeed”, said Delta. “I spent a few hours catching up with him when I was there.”
“Splendid!” she said, then catching a look from the rest. “Anyway, we must talk later. I’d love to know how he’s doing now, and what secrets he’s passed on to you.” She gave her a friendly grin.
Delta smiled back, nodded politely, and turned more seriously back to the gentlemen with the slightly pained expression.
The questions continued, but they were now interspersed with questions of her own opinion on matters. These were usually proffered by Lady Exentine, as they discovered her name was, and not always welcome by the others. However, they did not appear to be willing to reprimand her, and she seemed to do it both for the pleasure of annoying them, but also to derive how much of a military insight Delta had.
In was in one such explanation, where they had backtracked to the battle at Metzre and she was defending her belief that magic had been used to undermine the walls that she noticed a change in stance and posture in the others. They became more formal, and much more polite to one another, and they gave the appearance of engaging more deeply with her answers. But it was clear that they were distracted by something behind her.
From the creaking of boards, she could hear that several people had come onto the musician’s gallery, and that was the direction of their attention. She resisted the urge to turn around and look but continued to keep her focus on them.
The subjects they asked her jumped around a bit after that. They were mostly questions she had already answered. She guessed that that answers were not for them, but for the observer in the balcony. So, she pretended she had not already answered them, and gave full answer in a slightly louder voice than she had been using. After the first few, she could anticipate when certain questions were asked specifically to bring up a point that one of them had an opinion on. She played into that, presenting the information pertinent to that idea or conclusion they had come to.
After a time, there was more creaking, the close of a door, and everyone visibly relaxed. When she wound down from the last question, one of them called for a short break, and directed them to a side bench and asked the butler to provide them with sustenance.
“That was the King!” hissed Zipper to her when they sat down. She had not been so restrained as to not look.
Delta’s eyes widened. “Are you sure? I thought it might be one of his senior advisors, but the king himself?”
“Pretty sure”, said Zipper, enthusiastically wrapping a slice of ham around a chunk of cheese from the platter that they were brought. “I can’t say he looks like his portrait on his coin. But”, she nodded at a painting on the wall, “I can say he looked like that.” She looked at Delta’s paling face. “It’s not over yet. You can’t get the shakes till after, right?”
Delta laughed, and her color returned. “OK, OK. Battle’s not over yet.”
“And no barfing”, said Zipper. “This food is way too good.”
Delta picked at the food and chose some of the fruit. She looked up at the royal portrait on the wall. Either the King was very close to what was going on in the Kingdom, or else was specifically interested in this. She understood the councilor’s interest. It didn’t matter how big or small this was as an issue. It was a bone to pick between them to jockey for favor and the ability to further their other interests.
She looked at the outer wall of the room. The slits were quite deep, and they had steps going up to them. Like everything else, it was pretty, but also very fortified. The solemnity brought about by the monarch’s presence had evaporated and the councilors were back to their genteel bickering. No, she doubted the King was seriously worried about some incursion over the Bright border. Not in his pretty, but well-fortified, dwelling. He was probably more worried about a collection of his vassals siding with the usurper to get out of paying taxes until such time as the King put him down.
After a while, to settle some point, she was called up again. But the afternoon had worn on, and they were plainly getting tired of the sparring. They objected less to Lady Exentine quizzing Delta on obscure tactical and strategic points. She was quite intrigued about the points where they had gained unexpected information from their wide-ranging nocturnal scout with the excellent ability to smell. She made a point of noting this to the others and how that had been used to out-fox the Imperialists at their own game.
“We will have to be equally imaginative in how we deploy our resources to get the better of this adversary”, she concluded.
“I imagine we will have to be”, quipped one of them.
At some unseen signal the conversation shifted to them formally thanking Delta and her brigade for what they had done. The point was made that they were already paid by their enemy for this, and that they were also paid by the King’s vassals for the other messages. But in their exceptional generosity they also felt a gratuity was in order for the extreme cooperation, patience, and insight she had shown them. A small bag of coins was provided and a letter of reference, which all three of them signed.
As a page was summoned to see them out, Lady Exentine drew them and a clerk aside. “We have further deliberations to make”, she explained. “They may take a few days. It would be best if you continued to stay close at hand for our convenience.” The clerk noted it and said that the innkeeper would be informed that they were royal guests. Then she smiled at them. “And I will certainly try to find time to invite you to my personal apartments for some detailed talk. I have many fond memories of Athanasius and I would love to hear yours as well!”
“You are very generous”, said Delta, bowing. “I look forward to it.”

Chapter 37 – Strategy
Once the innkeeper was informed that the castle was picking up the tab for their rooms, the service became much more generous. Delta was glad that Gwen didn’t drink, and Zipper couldn’t hold her liquor, given how solicitous the staff became. It was good, however, after all that time on the road, to just take it easy in a real bed with clean linen, very pleasant food, frequent baths, and a laundry service.
Gwen was not all that comfortable in the city. She was tolerated in the inn’s lounge, but she was very reluctant to set foot outside the door. Zipper and Delta ventured out occasionally, to see some sights and do some quick shopping. But they didn’t want to stay out too long since they were being paid to be available.
In the end, the councilors didn’t call them back, but Lady Exentine did invite them around the next night. She specifically requested that Gwen also attend and timed it for dusk to make it easier. Gwen was very nervous, as she understood this was someone of high status, and didn’t trust her manners. She also resented the idea of being treated as a curiosity.
But her concerns were quickly put to rest. In her own apartment, Lady Exentine put aside all of the trappings of ranks and was open and straightforward with them. She provided Gwen with a large, plush, armchair with plenty of cushions to prop herself up on, and a plate of bones and scraps for Johnson. The last went a long way to put her at ease.
“I must apologize for my colleagues, they can be quite trite and boring”, she said. “Prancing around in their plumage with more thoughts to themselves than the Kingdom.”
Taking a risk, Delta said, “May I ask a question?”
Exentine grinned. “Please do.” She held Delta’s gaze. It was a trait shared by most people trained in combat. That sort of direct stare, looking straight at you and adsorbing the totality of your actions in one glance. It was very important on the battlefield, and hard to turn off when off it. “I value frankness.”
“I understand the councilor’s competition between themselves for the King’s good grace. But what about you? Different rules seem to apply to you. Who are you?” asked Delta, returning her direct glance.
Exentine laughed loudly and genuinely. Then she waved her finger. “I see Athanasius’s lessons in you. Strategic thinking.” She bowed. “I am an indirect blood relation to the King. Forty-seventh in line to the throne or something. Too far to be an active plotter, but near enough that my position is secure.” She clasped her hands behind her back and paced up and down. “Instead I see to the King’s business and the King’s interest at home and abroad. Right now, mostly, I see to strategy. I take the long view amid those who are only concerned with tomorrow. So, indeed, this matter concerns me more than my colleagues. They know that, so their views are superficial.”
“What will you advise the King”, asked Delta.
“What would you do?” she asked with a wry grin.
Delta sighed and thought. “This general would not offer to fight you in such a straightforward manner unless he felt there was advantage to it. But I cannot see what advantage it would give. I would think it would be better for him to pick you off one by one. So, given his history of strategic thinking, it may be he is only offering that so that you will refuse and do what he wants.” She made a dismissive wave of her hand. “But you can try to second guess him forever. Simply, there appears to be more of an advantage fighting him in the open field than one by one in each stronghold. So that is what I would do.”
Exentine nodded. “Good points. I’m extremely dubious about the quality of levies we would get from our vassals, and I can’t claim our own troops are the well trained cream of the crop. The Marlborough campaign was some time ago. And you report that his troops are, maybe not good and experienced, but of high morale and excellent leadership. That makes it more complicated. She then turned to Zipper. “What about you?”
Zipper looked a little surprised, and then self-deprecating. “I normally leave the strategic thinking to Delta. She’s much better at it. But here’s an idea for you: join him!” The Lady looked surprised but motioned for her to elucidate. “If he wants to be Emperor and take over the world, it means he doesn’t want to take over Avenio. So, your King can swear fealty to him without perturbing any of the rest of his feudal kowtowing. Once he has that, he’s done here. Send him on his way and wish him well conquering everyone else.”
“That is certainly an interesting idea”, conceded Exentine.
“I’m not saying it is a good idea!” said Zipper.
“It has its points”, said Exentine. “And, if nothing else, it presents a contrasting alternative.” Next, she turned to Gwen. “What are your thoughts? I think they could be insightful. You won’t make the assumptions we will.”
Gwen looked very dubious. She looked to Delta, who nodded encouragingly. Gwen met her gaze. “Magic”, she said. Delta and Zipper covered their grins. Gwen rolled her eyes. “They laugh. I always say ‘magic’. But now I serious. Magic.” She leaned forward. “Goblins have no magic. So, we be very cautious with humans. We not know what their magic does. You have magic. But this tribe has different magic. Be like goblins. Be very cautious. You no know what their magic does.”
“You do not disappoint”, said Exentine, her eyes flashing. “I don’t think we’ve really addressed that at all in our discussions. You are right. It is an important point that should not be missed.” She walked up and down a bit more, considering.
“So, what will you advise the King?” asked Delta, smiling.
Exentine waved her hand. “Oh, I’ll come up with something. The more important question is what the King will do. I just said that I’m the one who does most of the long-range planning. I didn’t say anyone pays attention to it.”
She picked a hassock and sat heavily on it, put her elbow on her knee and her chin on her hand. “He won’t go out and meet him in the field. If there was a chance that he might lose, which there is, that would look really bad. He won’t risk that.”
She rubbed her forehead. “He certainly won’t join them. From his perspective that would be even worse. And he’s unlikely to make any decision based on their magic.” With a deep sigh, she spread her hands. “Most likely he’ll just deign to not notice them. He’ll sit here and let these upstarts come to him, and batter themselves senseless against his big, beautiful walls.”
There was silence for a while. “There is some merit in that”, said Delta. Exentine raised an eyebrow. “This town will be hard to take. And it’s mostly invulnerable to a siege. All he can do is bottle you up here while he does what he wishes in the countryside. But that would require him to split his forces. Odds are he would just ignore you and pick off the rest of the country one at a time.”
“Which would suit the King”, said Exentine. “I think he’d like them to better appreciate how much they need him. Having to capitulate to a foreigner and then be rescued by him would reinforce that.”
“But he’d actually have to go and rescue them”, said Zipper.
“The world’s a big place. If they really want to conquer the world, their attention will eventually move on from Avenio. That would be his time to strike. They’ll probably be more than willing to turn on their new liege and go back to old ties rather than support a foreign war.”
“Magic”, muttered Gwen.
Exentine laughed, then rubbed her hands together. “But let’s game some of this out. You are the best whetstone I’ve had in years to sharpen my stratagem upon.” She summoned some staff to clear the table to the side boards, and to dismount a large map of Avenio she had mounted in the hall. She sent another to bring up a chest from some storeroom from which she started unearthing a large number of lead figures.
“It’s been ages since I’ve used these”, she said. “Did Athanasius ever use these with you?”
“No”, said Delta, shaking her head. “We just drew lines in the sand with sticks.”
“Oh, it’s not much different”, said Exentine, pulling bits of straw from one and looking at it nostalgically. “But I had these made back when I had money and ambition, fresh off the Marlborough campaign. We were all quite the military strategists back then. Reading the classics. Re-enacting the storming of Bavel, the Romitu civil wars, or other canonical battles from history.” She put it down and picked up another. “But, as no new glorious campaign emerged, people slowly lost interest and these all got packed up after gathering dust for several years.”
Delta scratched her chin, contemplating the map. “They currently hold these regions here”, she said, placing stylized shields on cities of the north.
“How many companies?” asked Exentine, passing more soldiers over.
Zipper tried to explain things to Gwen in goblin. She found maps difficult to understand at the best of times. Using figures to represent bodies of troops was equally difficult. What she settled for was for Zipper to look at the map and the setup and describe it in words to Gwen. She could then visualize it in her head and make suggestions based on that.
So, they set up the field with their best guess at current troop strengths. They would then take sides, and plot out their moves, their responses, and the outcomes. When things reached a conclusion, they would consider who managed the best. Then they reset the pieces and started again.
It was a very late night.

Chapter 38 – Moving
The councilors did not call them in again over the next several days. But Lady Exentine did send them messages, usually saying that, regretfully, she would be unable to entertain them that evening. On the third day, however, she did come by to take dinner with them at the inn.
“I am, indeed, sorry we have not been able to reprise our little strategy session”, she said, appearing genuinely regretful. “It was probably the most fun I’ve had in a year. So many more conversations to have!”
The dining room at the inn was quite formal. They were always somewhat intimidated to eat there, with their tabards being the most presentable clothes they had to wear. But the food was included in their tab and was very good, and that inspired them to attend, albeit usually towards the end of the evening. Tonight, though, many eyes were turned in their direction. Not just because of their out-of-place clothes and unusual racial composition, but also because of the company they were keeping.
“It has been very interesting to hear another view of Master Athanasius’s teachings”, said Delta. “I will certainly pass it on the next time I see him.”
“May he live that long!” toasted Exentine. She waved her knife towards Gwen. “And we should definitely employ more goblins. You do not think like we do and that makes for a very challenging adversary.”
Gwen ducked her head, not entirely comfortable. The room was well lit, but it wasn’t with sunshine, which was more tolerable. But she was the target of many stares and did not like that. “I give you good fight. Anytime” she said.
“Does this mean we’re getting booted?” asked Zipper.
Lady Exentine laughed. “The royal purse can only be plundered so deep. And I can’t, in all honesty, justify your splendid lodgings merely for my personal amusement.”
“So has the King decided upon a course of action?” asked Delta.
Exentine did a quick look around, and said, “Let us just say that the King is now deciding and will probably take a few more days yet to finish deciding.” She gestured with her cup. “If you were to remain in town, and at a place I knew to contact you, then I would be sure to recommend you at the top of my list should, say, any more messages need to be delivered to those you have proven to be familiar with.”
Delta considered what might be overheard. “I think we would certainly be open to taking further contracts on behalf of the King.”
“Excellent”, said Exentine. “And if you are going to be a few days in the city with time on your hands, I have some suggestions as to places you might find interesting to visit!”
The rest of the dinner was taken up with her describing things in Germarnis that she thought would interest them. Some of them were purely aesthetic, like the harbor or the stained-glass windows in the temple of Water Bearer, but many were martial in nature. “If you take the courier job, I’m sure the recipient will have as many questions for you as we did”, she joked. “I am more than happy for the full extent of our defenses to be known.” She directed them to more notable elements of their fortifications, and gave them names to talk to, and how to invoke her name to get permission to be given a full tour where civilians were not generally allowed.
But many other recommendations were for shops and factors. Germarnis was the largest city for some distance, and there were things here that just could not be acquired elsewhere. What they did not have, they could often make. In particular, martial goods were seldom just available for purchase. But the city was large enough to have armorers and weaponsmiths who could craft whatever you had money for. And, if they did not have it and could not craft it, there was the commerce gate. There were quite a few merchants with gate privileges who specialized in getting anything from anywhere. That was quite pricy though.
As the patrons filtered out Exentine sighed deeply and bade her farewells. “If you are ever in the city again, please do drop by and see me”, she extolled them. “Even if you are at the head of an invading army, I will hold no grudges.” She laughed, embraced each one of them, and set off after having a word with the innkeeper.
The mercenaries finished up what little was left, gave a generous tip to the staff, and got the choicest bits of the uneaten scraps for Johnston. As they had been assured of the safety of the neighborhood, they set out for a night stroll to settle their food.
“Nice sort”, summarized Zipper, “for a noble. Not as clueless as most.”
“Goblin say, watch how one treats animals. That tells nature true”, said Gwen.
“A pity she isn’t in charge”, said Delta. “This is going to end up one mess.” She looked up and down as they walked the streets. “Pity. It’s a fine city.”
“You think the Imperialists will win?” Zipper asked, looking up at her. “They lost most of the scenarios we gamed out last night.”
“That’s because we acted like they were any other army.” Delta shook her head. “They aren’t like any other army. And, if you treat them like that, you will lose to them. I don’t know how. This place is impregnable. They would be fools to attack it.”
“I hope they don’t”, said Zipper. “I like it here.”
“You like because full belly”, said Gwen. “Tomorrow we find flea biting rat sack to live in. See how you like then!”
“I figured it wouldn’t last forever”, said Delta. “I made some enquiries at the inn. Tomorrow we join the local mercenary’s guild. Their dues are modest, and we’ll get free stabling for the animals and a bunk to sleep in. Seems worth it.”
“See Gwen”, said Zipper. “It’s good to have at least one strategic thinker in the group.”
They did get up early the next morning, before most of the other patrons. They retrieved their wagon and donkeys from the stables and passed on a modest gratuity to the innkeeper for the staff. He politely thanked them and wished them well. The kitchen staff, who had a much higher opinion of them, snuck out after he had gone, and gave them a bag of what they had been preparing for breakfast since they were going to miss it.
As they moved down slope to the lower city, the streets got busier. Many had been up a while here, and as they moved through the main market square the going was slow with many other carts.
The main street ran from the gate to the harbor, through the middle of the city. But the mercenary’s guild was not quite so prestigious as to have a frontage on that thoroughfare. They had to get across it, and into the side streets and lanes on the other side. Going was easer then, but they had to ask for directions once or twice to find the location.
They were received with curiosity, and their tabards raised a few eyebrows. Things had been slow since most mercenaries had headed north to where the main conflict was. Once they found out they had been part of that and had just come back with a message from the head of their army to the King, their interest grew much greater. The formality of joining the guild was done with haste, and very few questions, so they could move directly on to asking about the war situation, and what prospects there were for mercenaries.
Delta left Zipper to bend their ears on their journey, got their animals and wagon quartered, and found a safe bunk for Gwen. “You OK here?”, she asked.
Gwen patted Johnston and gave a thumbs up. “I speak better now. Anyone mess with me I can give good insult.” Delta clapped her on the back and returned to the small common room.
The people there were encouraged that things might be heating up. That would be good for business. The Imperialists might finally raise their rates. Delta poured cold water on that idea. She did point out some of the side benefits of working for them though.
Eventually as the conversation turned more reflective and speculative, Delta promised more details in the tavern they usually patronized that evening in return for their advice on arms and armor shops. It aligned well with what Lady Exentine had said so Delta was satisfied.
“First there’s something I want to check in on that I ordered before”, said Delta. Zipper didn’t mind. She was already thinking ahead to what free drinks she could garner with their stories that evening.
“I thought we were all set for tack and harness”, said Zipper, when they turned down a farrier street. Delta just grinned and went into a shop.
The keeper there greeted her with a broad smile and familiarity. “You come? Yes! It is ready.”
“Thank you. That was very fast”, said Delta. “I thought it would take longer.”
“It would have, but it was just too interesting a project”, said the man, with a twinkle in his eye. “It’s good to try something different. Let me get my grandson.” He scurried off into the back.
Zipper gave Delta a wary look. “What have you been up to?”
“I’m not going to spoil it. And you shouldn’t either, after you see it”, she said.
“See what!” pleaded Zipper. But she could hear the others approaching.
A young lad entered, followed by the beaming craftsman. The child had an odd sort of hood over his head that strongly resembled horse blinders. To the front there were rims of leather but instead of being open, as on a horse’s harness, they had a pane of colored glass over them.
“Once I had the basics down, I went back to the glazier you got the panes from and had them cut it to size and fitted into cames. It was then a simple matter to pierce the lead and stitch them to the harness.” He looked proudly upon his creation. “Never seen it done before. But not all that hard when you think about it.”
Zipper stared at the kid, who was walking around proclaiming how red everything looked. “For Gwen?” asked Zipper.
“Yes”, said Delta. “I had thought of the idea a while back, but we hadn’t been anywhere that had the fine craftsmen that this city has”, she added a bit loudly, and bowing to the farrier.
“I guess someone’s got to maintain all those stained-glass portraits of Water Bearer”, said Zipper.
“Do you think she’ll like them?” asked Delta.
“I think she’ll love them!”

Chapter 39 – On The Town
She did love them. When Delta presented them to Gwen, she didn’t know what they were at first. It seemed to be some strange human bonding ritual as she was strapped into the headgear. That or some practical joke, the way Zipper was grinning. But then they led her outside, and down to the end of their lane on the main street of the town.
The sun was just setting. It shone across the lake, over the harbor, and up the lane between all the buildings. The fishing fleet was just returning and there was a crowd on the street going between their daily locations and their nightly ones. Flags flew and painted shop signs swung in the breeze. There were so many details spread out over such a large landscape. The scope was so much broader than you would see at night, even by a full moon.
Gwen watched in amazement at this other world. Eventually after the sun went down, she took the goggles off and hugged Delta and Zipper tightly. “Thank you”, she said.
“Tomorrow we do some real sight-seeing!” said Zipper.
And that they did. They watched nearly a hundred small boats leave at dawn to go out fishing on the lake. There were fountains, statues, and gardens. For a few pennies they were admitted to an observation gallery and got to see a transition through the great commerce gate. Handlers lined up merchants and travelers in well-defined lanes. Little bells rang and magical light flared. When it died, what they saw through the arch was not what was on the other side, but somewhere far away. The handlers wrangled the people and carts through in quick order while, out of the other side more emerged, but not the same ones. A gong sounded, magical light flared again, and the gate went back to just being a stony piece of monumental architecture.
That was outdone by the Temple of Water Bearer, which was especially impressive. She was also the patron goddess of magic, and large spires rose in sweeping curves to the sky, defying gravity. Fountains and rivulets cascaded and leaped down the angles and parapets. And the famous stained-glass windows pierced every surface that light touched. They all found it breathtaking.
Then they took Gwen to see the craft workers who had made it. There was the nice lady in the glazier’s who was skeptical when Delta first asked her, thinking she was just looking for cheap souvenirs to sell. But warmed to her story of a friend who was sensitive to light and dug up cuttings from larger pieces they used for the constant repair of the temple’s windows. She was a bit surprised to see that her friend was a goblin but took it in stride given how thankful Gwen was.
The farrier was right pleased to see her and checked the straps and fittings to make sure she had freedom of movement and nothing was binding. He was delighted to fit something to a creature that could talk back to him and tell him what worked well and what didn’t. His grandson proudly introduced himself as the test subject. He didn’t see Gwen as anything more than a strange little lady with bad fingernails. That probably touched Gwen the most.
During the next day they worked their way through Lady Exentine’s list. There was a lot of climbing up and down castle walls and towers. Delta and Zipper took a hand carrying Gwen when Johnston got too tired. And Gwen was not going to give up seeing the view through her new sight.
The fortifications were quite impressive. Lady Exentine was right to have them witness them so they could tell the Imperialists when they delivered the message. Attacking this city would be costly for them indeed. They sat for a long time at the top of the last tower on the southern flank. They had an excellent view of the lake, the city, and the wide beach below it.
“You seem awfully moody”, said Zipper to Delta. “And not just in contrast to Gwen’s giddiness.” Gwen was hanging over the parapet, drinking in the details of the city below.
Delta sighed and made a vague gesture over the city. “I just kind of feel like… this is the last we’re going to see of this.”
Waving her hands, Zipper dismissed her concern. “Oh, we’ll be back. I’m sure. Maybe not feted as royally, but there’s no point being maudlin about that.”
A serious look crossed Delta’s face. “I’m not talking about us. I just see this, and I see it all in flames, destroyed by war.”
Zipper looked at her, incredulous. “We’ve been up and down these walls all day. Even you, the siege nerd, think this place is beyond impressive.” She slapped a wall for emphasis. “This place is going nowhere.”
It was breezy up on the walls. Wind tousled their hair and drew their words away from any listening guards. “If you planned to conquer the world, it’s in your interest to do the impossible”, said Delta. “If they could pull off taking Avenio, through war and not diplomacy, then people will start taking them seriously. I think it is very much in their interests to take this city.”
“How?” said Zipper. “If Martius himself was to lead them, how on earth could they take it?”
“I have no earthly idea”, said Delta. “It’s just the more I think about it, the more I’m convinced that they have to do it. I just don’t know how.”
“You better put on your strategic thinking cap”, said Zipper. “You need to think of a reason before we end up taking a message back to them. They’ll interrogate you and ask for ideas, like every other potentate we’ve delivered messages to. Only I half reckon they might be the sort to actually listen to you.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence”, said Delta, then, wryly, “and the pressure.”
With a mock salute Zipper said, “I do not doubt my Captain’s wisdom!”
Although it was tempting to watch the sunset from the high walls, they came down before then, as descending the winding staircase, while carrying Gwen, would have been extra difficult in the dark. Gwen, normally reticent around others, was quite chatty in the tavern that night. She talked a lot about her impressions of what she saw, how it differed from nighttime vistas in the mountains, and asked many questions. She even got pulled into a dice game with the other guild members. Although they quickly discovered that she had no little experience with dice, did not get tired as the evening wore on, and her avoidance of alcohol gave her yet another advantage. But she was generous with her winnings and so no one minded.
The third day started with shopping. Delta broke her heart over a beautiful set of fluted plate armor. It had been commissioned for someone who died before the final payment. The articulation on it was exquisite and she raved over the full range of motion her limbs had while wearing it. Zipper sparred with her using a blunt stick, and it shed blows from the angled surfaces like water off a duck’s back. She cried when she heard the price, though. It would take many years and much improved fortune for her ever to be able to afford such a masterpiece. The owner smiled knowingly. He said it had broken many hearts over the years, but likely wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. He had several more modest pieces to show them.
Zipper got some sculpted metal greaves, trading in her leather ones for what she thought was a good price. They weren’t much heavier, but with her fighting style she tended to pick up a lot of low blows. So, it was worth it to her to have that extra protection there. Her hardened leather was good at deflecting things, but if you hit it dead on with a point it would stick and would knock her down at best, smash her shin at worst.
Gwen was quite content with her armor. The other two envied her chain mail, even though it wasn’t of top-notch quality. They did persuade her to buy a sturdy cavalry sword in case she ever got overrun. They explained how the slight curve of the blade made the point directly level with the enemy when bearing down on them. This was a bit lost given that Johnston, while large, was still smaller than a pony. Gwen decided that it would be good for fighting rabbits.
They picked up Delta’s brigandine she had put in for some repair work. She broke down and decided that, realistically, she couldn’t just save all her money for the plate armor and used most of what she had to buy a steel gorget. She zoned out for a while, remembering how she had stabbed the Metzre sergeant in the throat, gorget or no gorget. But Zipper brought her round reminding her about lunch.
The message from the castle arrived during lunch, while Gwen was taking her siesta. It was an official notification that there was to be a job on offer to courier a royal letter to a ‘person of importance’ and mercenaries were invited to apply. They needed to be mobile, defensible, and preferably familiar with the people involved and the terrain. The Mercenary’s Guild got a copy of the notice at the same time, ostensibly to post for their members. It was pretty clear the offer was specifically tailored for Wight’s Brigade. But they had made a good impression on the guild, and no one took it amiss.
So, the next morning they harnessed up the mules and reported, at dawn, to the castle.

Chapter 40 – The Road From Germarnis
When they presented their Mercenary Guild papers at the castle, they were admitted to the courtyard. A cheery Lady Exentine met them and praised their new armor pieces and well-tailored tabards. She thought the goggles for Gwen were genius and longed for a pair for herself that would show her the night as Gwen saw it.
But then she got down to business. In a drawing room she presented them with their official contract. There was a message from the King addressed to the General of the insurrectionists and they were to ‘head north’ until they found them and see to it that it was delivered to him. The particulars of the message were private, but she summarized it for them as being a polite reply inviting him to the castle to discuss what such an arrangement might look like. So, on the surface, it wasn’t a refusal, but they didn’t realistically expect their commander to turn up for polite conversation. But, this way, turning it down was on their side.
Delta thanked her for confiding in the gist of the message, and also for the payment in advance. And, there being no further business, they said another fond farewell and set off for the gate of the city.
“Sorry to go. Not sorry to go”, summarized Gwen.
Zipper nodded. “It was a great place, but too many things to spend your money on. It’s easier to keep honest out on the road.”
Delta was lying out in the body of the wagon, idly stroking Johnston. She looked at the sky, and she looked at the canopy, but she didn’t really see either. It was the city she thought about, and the big beautiful walls. The sturdy, robust, and deeply fortified walls. She had seen what Exentine had wanted the Imperialists to see. What had she not wanted them to see? That was a much harder question.
The classical methods of attacking would not help. The amount of people it would take to protect a ram long enough to breach the gates would be too much. Even with whatever magical sapping they had, they would have to get under the flagged ditch, and bring down a wide enough area of the wall to breach it. The lower slope was a good deterrent to attack by catapult or trebuchet.
They might possibly build a ramp. This, like a ram, would need cover. But they were good at their tortoise formation and that would be enough to shield a bucket brigade bringing fill to pile up a ramp. It would be a fairly large undertaking and it would take some time to build something high enough to rise to the level of the walls.
The cliffs forming the northern defenses provided a worrying approach. Although great as defense to invading the city from that side, it also formed a convenient platform overlooking the city. Siege engines could be mounted there that could bombard the city with little chance of return fire. That wouldn’t breach the walls, but it would wreak havoc to the population and town. She really hoped those cliffs had souterrains dug into them so defenders could sally out and disturb any attack from above.
Gwen eventually nudged her out of her revere to take her midday nap. She was still, by nature, nocturnal, and grew a bit fuzzy in the middle of the day. And, although well fitted, the straps did begin to wear on her after several hours.
So, Delta jogged alongside for a while to get her blood and mind flowing. She explained her thinking to Zipper to get a second opinion, and to settle her ideas in her mind.
“Not bad”, said Zipper. “You don’t have to actually solve the problem. You just have to show you’ve been smart enough to think about it. Ideally you’ll have thought of something they haven’t thought of.”
Pleased that her ideas passed muster, Delta put on her shoulder harness and new gorget, and worked on some practice moves to make sure all the pieces worked well together. There was a brief bout of rain, but the air was warm, and it wasn’t enough to stop them.
By nightfall they had made it as far as they wanted; a major crossroads where the track branched in four directions. There was an inn there they had been told about doing good business and rumored to have excellent beer. They still felt pretty flush and opted again for the privacy of a room. Gwen was much more comfortable around others, now that they could communicate better, but she was still a goblin and many people were not as openminded as some.
She was waiting and alert when Delta woke up the next morning. She cocked an eyebrow at her, but Gwen nodded at Zipper. They got her up, but it took the help of some cold water on her face to get her aware enough for Gwen to talk.
“There watchers outside”, she said. “Johnston smell them at night. I try to circle behind, but they see and left. So probably scouts. Found nice hidey place. Smell like human.”
Delta scratched her chin. “This is awfully near to Germarnis. I wouldn’t think they would be scouting this far afield.”
“Who else could it be?” asked Zipper.
“True”, Delta agreed. “I guess it doesn’t matter. We’re actually looking for them.”
They set off promptly anyway. The next leg was a long one. With good speed they should make it all the way to Strasnoes by evening, a village on a ford in yet another river making its way from inland to the great lake. The roads were in good repair this close to Germarnis, but they didn’t trust there wouldn’t be obstacles as they went.
The traffic had thinned out by now. There had been a few branches since Germarnis, to which the bulk of traffic went to and from. They were travelling faster than most with two donkeys, a well sprung wagon, and no market load. They passed very little on the road until they were close to Strasnoes. They could see a more cultivated area ahead, where the river cut across their path and a wagon loaded with hay was coming their way. The road was wide enough for two, so they didn’t need to negotiate who had to pull over. As they waved amiably at the farmers on their way out from the town. But as they passed Johnston sat bolt upright and began a low growl.
“Easy boy”, said Zipper. “Just some peasants.”
Gwen had also come alert, and was stroking Johnston, trying to get a reading from him on what had upset him.
Taking this in, Delta loosened up her glaive in its loopholes and swung to the running board of the wagon, watching the hay cart behind them. “Stop the wagon”, she said, after a moment.
Zipper started to protest, then stopped. She called the donkeys to a halt, and then protested, “What’s up? Are we worried about a hay cart?”
“They’ve stopped”, said Delta. She stepped off the cart and retrieved her glaive. Zipper got off the other side and readied her spear. Gwen pulled herself to the back, where they had created a nice portal that she could shoot out of and strung her bow.
The cart had stopped, and the three farm hands had gotten off. Only they didn’t move like farmers. Or civilians. They moved warily, and cautiously. One stood out from the others and held his hands away from his side. He didn’t hold a weapon, but he clearly could produce one quickly if needed.
“Wight’s Company?” he called out across the distance.
“Yes”, said Delta. “Now that you know me, who are you?”
“What business brings you here?” he asked, ignoring her question.
“We’re under contract to the King of Avenio. Please state who you are and why you are delaying our business”, said Delta, shifting the grip on her glaive to one less casual.
“Corporal Bero, 7th division, Imperial Scouts”, he said. “We’re here to escort you into the village.”
Delta smiled wryly, “After last night, I kind of expected to be expected. That’s splendid. We have a message for your commander, and that will just make things all the much easier.” She turned and got up on the wagon without paying them any further attention.
The others followed suit and got the wagon going while the others were turning theirs around.
“Do we run for it?” asked Zipper.
Delta shook her head. “As you said this morning. We’re actually looking for them. We were paid assuming it would take a week or two to find them. This just makes our profit larger.”
“But they’re so close”, said Zipper.
“I guess they really are attacking Germarnis”, said Delta, staring directly ahead.

Chapter 41 – Irregulars
The hamlet of Strasnoes was nestled in the decline carved by the river that passed through it. As they approached, though, they could see that it had been entirely overrun by a military encampment. Tents had been erected between all the outbuildings of the small village. Not enough to be obvious from a far distance, but quite clear close up. And, although evening was approaching, no fires had been lit, as was customary with military camps.
When they were within the confines of the camp, it had a different character than the camps they had seen before. There were fewer troops, and a lot more wagons and equipment. There were quite a few stacks of raw lumber, which looked fresh cut. And other wagons full of digging equipment that looked like they had been scavenged from every farm they passed. Delta and Zipper exchanged meaningful glances.
They were motioned to a halt outside a tent that looked like it was probably the local headquarters. Shortly after one of their escort entered Major Kanni emerged, smiling broadly. “Wight’s Brigade!” she greeted them; arms open. “Good to see you again. Have you come with presents for us again?”
Delta nodded respectfully from the wagon. “We have been charged to deliver a message from the King of Avenio to your General.” She produced a packet of papers with a heavy seal on it. “May I entrust its delivery to you?”
Kanni stepped forward. “As an officer of the reformed army of the Empire of Romitu, I swear to its safe delivery”, she said formally. Delta handed it over, and Kanni handed it off to an attendee with instructions to get a courier to deliver it as soon as possible.
“We are now officially unemployed”, said Delta.
“Splendid”, said Kanni, then winked. “May I offer you a contract?”
“More training and guarding?” asked Delta.
“Not this time”, said Kanni, growing more serious. “We have a mixed unit that I think your addition would do well for rounding out. Regular army duties this time.” She paused, meaningfully. “Wherever that might take us.”
“Is the alternative being a prisoner?” asked Delta, looking around.
“I do not wish to hire you under duress”, said Kanni, carefully. “You cannot rely on troops compelled to work for you. So, no, you are not prisoners. But neither are you at liberty to, say, just go back to Germarnis directly. You understand?”
“You need to protect your military secrets”, said Delta. She looked to her companions. “Do you want to sign up with them, or shall we just drift off, looking for other work.”
Zipper shrugged. “I’m awfully curious on how they are going to pull this off”, she said.
“Are you willing to bet your life on that curiosity?” asked Delta.
“It’s our job”, said Zipper, grinning. “No matter who we sign up for.”
She looked to Gwen. “Other work, hard to find”, said Gwen. “They seem not foolish to waste our life.”
Delta turned back to Major Kanni. “We are prepared to hear your offer”, she said.
“Oh, you know the details”, said Kanni. “One silver piece per person per day. Plus, all the perks of being a soldier of the Imperial army!” She gestured around her, theatrically.
“Fine”, said Delta, with resignation. “Where should we park the wagon? Is our favorite clerk around?”
“Just stick it behind something for now”, said Kanni. She looked at it more broadly. They had whitewashed it and blazoned their arms on it with soot. “I don’t think anyone could mistake it for one of ours”, she muttered. “The clerks are still on the road. Just find somewhere to bunk down and get your dinner for now.” She looked at Zipper and Gwen’s hopeful faces. “Cook’s on the road too. Does that change your mind?”
“Well”, said Zipper, hesitantly, “maybe.”
Kanni laughed. “I’ll send Lieutenant Jamal to see you in the morning. She’ll integrate you into her unit.”
They followed their instructions, parked their wagon, and picked up some grub. There was no formal mess tent. Instead troopers took their plates and sat around the vicinity with their backs up against the walls of the hamlet’s buildings or the wheels of wagons. They nodded to a few faces they recognized, but the conversations were mostly small and close knit.
“No grilling”, said Gwen.
“Just boiled”, said Zipper, with a disappointing look at her stew.
Gwen shook her head and nudged Delta. “No grilling Captain.”
“Yes”, confirmed Delta. “She had a remarkable lack of interest in our message and where we had been. If she’s coordinating scouts, you think she would want the latest info.”
“She was more interested in us, than in the state of mind of the King”, said Zipper. “Which, of course, I can understand. Us, being us. But there’s still a modest spark somewhere down in me that finds that odd.”
 “Are they just so well informed that they don’t need to know more?” asked Delta.
“Or not trust what we know”, said Gwen. “Lady did make us see walls.”
Delta nodded. “I’m not sure I can unwind this one. Let’s just get an early night and sleep on it.”
“I look around when late”, said Gwen.
However, when she tried, Gwen was told, politely, to wait in the camp. Only authorized scouting missions were allowed.
“Can’t be helped”, said Delta, over breakfast.
A severe looking woman with dark brown skin came up to them. “Wight’s brigade?” she asked, shortly. They nodded. After a glare they put their food down, got to their feet and saluted.
“Yes, sir”, they chorused.
“Yes”, said the woman. “We’re a bit more formal here. Your cooperation in keeping discipline is appreciated. I don’t want any distinctions in my unit.”
“I take it you are Lieutenant Jamal”, said Delta.
“Yes, Captain Delta”, she said. “You may retain your title as a brevet, out of respect for your position in your own brigade. But you are all under my command for the duration of your contract. Is that clear?”
“We will follow any legal order you give”, said Delta.
Jamal nodded. “Trooper Gwen. Show me your hood.”
Gwen stood, and pulled out her blinders. She turned them over to show their construction and straps. Then she put it on her head and tightened it in place. She moved her head around to show how it sat in place.
Jamal nodded again. “As you were. I’m told you are an archer. Do you have any experience with the javelin?” Gwen shook her head. “Well, it will be good to stretch yourself. Finish up your breakfast and report to the ford for training in your full gear.” And off she went.
“What javelin?” asked Gwen when she was gone.
“Short throwing spear”, said Zipper. “They like them for some reason.”
“Classically they would equip a whole unit with them”, said Delta. “Everyone would throw them in unison just before you closed. It didn’t matter so much if you were any good. The whole lot raining down on the enemy would break up their unit and demoralize them just before you crashed into them.”
“That sound fun”, said Zipper. “Although I’m not sure she’s going to be much fun.”
“We’re not here to have fun”, said Delta. “Seems we have to work against a ‘slack mercenary’ stereotype here. Let’s see if we can beat the rest there.”
They packed up and prepared. It was something they had drilled. Going from casual clothes to fully armored as quick as they could. They had it all worked out. Who could help whom with which straps to get there in the fastest time. In short order they trooped to the ford so they could stand around and wait.
Other people came by, one at a time, but there wasn’t a lot of talking. It really was a mixed bunch. About half were the standard Imperial trooper with the big, door-like shield and a short stabbing sword. But then there were two large and brawny orcs with great round shields and clubs. A dwarf stood to one side with an axe as tall as he was. Then there was a woman wearing armor made of little tiny plates all strung together. From that, her long, slightly curved sword, and her features they guessed she was from Jokamachi.
When it looked like they might be waiting a while, Delta stepped forward and politely asked a trooper if she could borrow a javelin. She then showed the weapon to Gwen who tried a few casts with it.
Zipper strode over to the orcs and knocked on a shield with the blunt end of her spear and asked if she could tag it. He laughed and invited her to try. Delta glanced up and grinned. She’d seen Zipper do this before. Mostly people assumed because she was small, she was not as effective. But, really, being either small or large could be advantageous. She was able to use their own shields to block her and could crouch to get under them.
After a while someone rattled an alarm on their shield. Lieutenant Jamal was approaching. They got together, formed a line, and came to attention.
She saluted them and had them stand down. “I wondered how long you were just going to sit there wasting time before you decided to start training”, she said. “Let’s see if we can get you into a unit.”
First, she placed the shields in front, with an orc on each side as an anchor. She put the poles, including the dwarf, in the middle, and had Gwen and the Jokamachi woman tie down the flanks. She marched them back and forth through the ford a few times to see if they could keep formation on unstable footing. Then she told them to defend and ran screaming into them.
With a leap, she held her sword in a high guard, turned sideways and, shouldered her way between the shields. The second rank scattered back, each expanding to their preferred range as she came up in a defensive position.
“Terrible”, she said. “The shields are now dead from the people coming up behind me. We’ve got flankers on each side because you didn’t hold the line, you’ve got an arrow on me, but you would be lucky to get off a shot that didn’t get in someone else’s way. Again.”
They tried it a few more times, doing a little better, but it was still awkward. They all had different fighting styles, none of which seemed to mesh well together. Eventually Delta raised her hand. “Sir, may I make a suggestion?”
“No”, said Jamal shortly. “You may take command. Whatever it is you want to suggest, suggest to the rest. I’m going to stand over there with my back turned. When you’re ready, tell me, and then I’ll attack.”
Delta nodded, surprised. But she had a quick conversation with the others, and moved people into different places, and gave them new roles. Then, when she was ready, she called out.
Jamal turned, shouted, and ran at them. Front and center were the two orcs, who shouted back and beat their clubs on their great shields. She ducked low in preparation to drive past their shields. However, to left and right, were Zipper and the Dwarf, their poles positioned where the curved shield left an opening, ready to strike as she closed. And between the two orcs she saw Delta and her glaive, also ready to strike. So, she turned at the last moment and shouldered directly into the orc’s shield on the left. She couldn’t bowl it over, as it was too large. But she waited for the first stab of the poles, and as they recoiled, she sprinted to the right.
The Imperial shields had been split and positioned on the flanks, forming a solid barrier Jamal could not get through. It was a static one, so she kept going. Only to be met by the Jokamaci woman in the pretty plate, charging around the flank and Gwen running outrider, javelin poised.
The Lieutenant dropped her weapon and called out a hold. “Good, good”, she said. “Much better. You can now take on one attacker.” She let them take a short rest, and then split them into smaller groups.
For the rest of the morning she had them face off against each other. Sometimes she split them evenly, other times it was very one sided, or had units that didn’t do well together. She was quick to point out the flaws of their formations, of which there were many. Occasionally they did something that impressed her.
Another unit trooped out later, bringing lunch with them. She had them divide up the food, and she addressed them as they ate. “This lot here is the regular army”, she indicated the ones who had just joined them. “You lot are the irregular army. That lot will be part of planned battle formations, with well-rehearsed moves to establish dominance in the theater of war. You lot are there to deal with the chaos that results after the first ten minutes when things do not go as expected. You will not train in specific battle formations. You will train for chaos. Do I make myself unclear?” A few laughed at this.
She drilled them for the rest of the afternoon against each other. Mostly up and down the shallow river and always with the standard unit in the best position and them with a variety of handicaps. A lot of the troops complained, either out loud, or with their expressions. Delta, however, reveled in it. She thought through each tactical situation and acted or directed as best she could think to meet the challenge of the scenario. In these exercises Lieutenant Jamal fought side by side with them. She favored a style using two swords simultaneously that Delta had not seen before.
“Is that a common weapon’s form in the East?” asked Delta.
“It is not uncommon”, said Jamal. “Your defense is your offense, so it requires great speed, stamina and courage. It is not for everyone.”
“It confuses me”, said Delta. “I’m unclear how to best defend myself once you are inside my range, other than to give ground to get you back into my range.”
Jamal took this as a signal to pick up her swords and close with her. Delta let her in close, and then concentrated on trying to block her moves. She was most familiar with blocking the hilt of an opposing sword with the haft of her glaive. However, in this case, that only took care of one sword. The other one always got her.
After a few sparring matches she changed tactics. She focused on side stepping to get to one extreme side, and blocking that sword with her haft, and using the blocked swords as a shield against the second sword. She could hold her ground better, but Jamal was still quick to recover. In their final match, when so entangled, Jamal slid the blocked blade up the shaft until it hooked the glaive. Then she spun in a full circle bringing the other sword around to strike while keeping the glaive’s blade up high and preventing her from counter striking.
Delta laughed long and hard at that move and clapped Jamal on the back. Then, realized their relative position and stepped back, saluting. “Thank you for the instruction”, she said formally.
Jamal saluted her with one sword. “That is not a move I have used in a long time. Your weapon is also not uncommon back east. But it has been a long time since I have fought against it.”
They cleared out of the way as a horse came through at a gallop. It slowed to splash through the ford, giving no hail or call to the people training. It then thundered towards the headquarters tent.
Lieutenant Jamal called them into formation again and had them fight a fairly staid scenario which she did not join in, keeping one eye in that direction. Only a few minutes later a crier ran about summoning all officers to a meeting. She told them to stand down, clean and stow their weapons and armor, and take an early dinner.

Chapter 42 – Laying Siege
Dinner was a bit comradelier than the previous night, as they all had shared experience to go over. They replayed some of the more torturous scenarios they had been through, what mistakes they had made, or what stupendous moves they might have been able to pull off if fate had been slightly different. A few of them had been at the battle at Metzre and had stories to tell about it, but many of them had only just joined.
The Jokamachi woman, whose name Delta learned was Masami, did not mix with them. She stayed apart and ate her food fastidiously. At a pause of conversation Delta got up and squatted next to her.
“Your armor is very impressive”, she said as an opener.
Masami nodded. “It has been in my family for generations.”
“Ah”, said Delta. “I saw a lovely piece of armor in Germarnis, but it would take me generations to be able to afford it. But the design of yours: all the plates are the same, and then strung together. Simplicity. Unity. Strength. I like it.”
Masami nodded again but didn’t engage.
“I have not been to Jokamachi”, said Delta. “But I think it would be interesting to go there.”
Masami snorted. “They always have need of mercenaries there. They do nothing but fight each other.” She glanced over at Delta. “But they would not pay you what you deserve.”
“Useful to know”, said Delta. She looked the woman up and down. There was clearly a lot more behind what she said, but she didn’t seem inclined to share it. Delta decided not to press. “Have a good evening. If she works us this hard tomorrow, we’re going to need the rest.”
But as she got up, a couple of people ran in and started jabbering at friends. Soon word was spreading everywhere. Tomorrow they were to move out. Word was they were off to besiege Germarnis!
Excitement rose to a fever pitch. They were delighted to have a real battle ahead of them. One that was sure to be a great victory. They fantasized about the troops they would vanquish and the civilians they would woo.
“They have no idea”, said Zipper. Even Gwen looked shocked at their reaction.
“Even if we told them, I don’t think they would believe us”, said Delta.
“Well”, said Zipper, “it’s one more thing you were right about.”
“Regretfully”, said Delta. “I’d rather have been wrong about it.”
“I’m just happy to have a Captain that’s right about things as often as you”, said Zipper. “It beats the alternative.” She then pointed at Delta’s bowl. “Are you going to finish your slop?”
Gwen was pulled for night watch, but the others were allowed to sleep the full night. It was not a night for partying. They were roused before dawn, with orders to pack all of the irregular’s equipment into The Wight Wagon. Lieutenant Jamal wanted them out of there as early as possible. They had been down the road most recently and knew it best, although it was a good road and there wasn’t much to know. Their objective was to get to the crossroads ahead of the rest and ensure it wasn’t being held against them. If they had to take all these wagons overland, it was going to slow things down a lot.
So, they set out as the sun was coming up, the troops teaching each other different marching songs from where they came from. At one point in the journey Jamal happened to be marching alongside of Delta. “You do not appear to be as jubilant as the rest at our assignment”, she said.
Delta gave her a side long look, wondering how much to confide in her. “I’ve seen the walls of Germarnis. It’s going to be a long siege.”
“The General does not seem to think so”, said Jamal. “The planning didn’t speak of things in that way.”
“Does he think they will quickly capitulate?” asked Delta.
“I cannot say what The General thinks, only the orders we are given.” She shrugged. “We are ordered to lay siege to the city, but we are not ordered to dig in and start building a classical camp. That says to me we will not be there long.”
“Maybe it’s a feint”, said Delta. “Although I’m not sure what he would be distracting from.”
It was Jamal’s turn to look sidelong at her. “Always the thinker you are. It is not a bad habit to have. How do you think the siege will go?”
Delta laughed. “I spent an evening well past midnight with the person in charge of strategy in Germarnis trying to answer that exact question”, said Delta.
“My, you are well connected”, said Jamal. “Do you have advice to offer us?”
She shook her head. “My advice would be that it is impossible. You should not do it. And I know that advice is not going to be listened to.”
Jamal nodded. “Probably right. Decisions have been made.” She looked her up and down again. “Even though you think it is hopeless, you have not deserted. Why is that?”
“There’s the mercenary code”, mused Delta. “We’ve taken payment. There’s the fact we’re surrounded by troops.”
“But that is not why”, said Jamal.
“No, it is not”, said Delta. “So far you have done easy things. Now you choose to do something hard. I cannot see how you can win. But I have seen that you are quite resourceful. You badly need this to be a victory, to justify their enthusiasm. So, I think you will find a way to make it a victory.”
“I hope you are right”, said Jamal.
 
The crossroads had not been taken. There was only the inn, and some rather surprised staff. With permission, Delta took the innkeeper aside and explained the situation to him. He did not want to believe her, but Delta said that he didn’t have to believe her for very long. Within an hour he would see the troops on the horizon. Her calm lack of bravado convinced him in the end. He agreed that neither him or any of his staff would make any attempt to send word or an alarm. She assured him that the Imperials would pay a fair price for any supply they felt fit to requisition, albeit probably in promissory brass. He was not delighted, but he was also not despondent.
True enough, the long line of carts was seen on the horizon. Major Kanni had ridden ahead to work out the logistics of where to put people. She was quite pleased that the innkeeper had ready suggestions as to which fields around the crossroads were currently fallow and did not have crops to trample. She made some quick decisions and, with Lieutenant Jamal, dispatched different elements of the irregulars to direct traffic to appropriate places.
The lumber carts and supply wagons came in. Right after them marched troops. Many troops. It was more than they had seen so far. Delta reckoned it was their entire army. Plus, levies from Montihouse, Metzre, and whatever other nobles had come to their cause. A number of the mercenary brigades they had seen were also in the column. It went on for quite some time until there were nearly a thousand, all told.
“You don’t feint with your full force”, said Delta later to Zipper. “But it isn’t a bad selection to mount a siege with. He’s got a lot more than his regulars here. But they’ve never fought together before. If it was a field battle it would be worse than at Cleres. But for just sitting around and keeping the King pinned down, they are perfect. Maybe he really is going to besiege them.”
“What? For the practice?” asked Zipper.
“I did say that a lot of this seems to be training exercises”, said Delta. “This could just be one more.”
The three of them walked the camp after dinner. There were many faces they recognized, and plenty more they did not. But they declined drinking matches with the mercenaries or dice games with the other troops. Officers came out before long and called an early curfew. They were to leave by dawn. It was going to be an effort to get everyone down the road and in place the following day.
They were not in the lead this time. And, so, the speed of the people in front of them frequently gated their own progress. It took some effort and wrangling to get everyone moving smoothly. It was a long day, and it was well after dark before they crested the last rise before Germarnis. An advance party had made it there before them. The General was amongst them, as were all the senior officers. They had delivered their response to the King’s request and said they would happily dine with him after the city had fallen to them. The King was amused and had a number of crates delivered to them, containing fresh fish, caught that day from the lake, as well as dates and other preserved luxury goods that had recently come through the trade gate. He said he was worried that in the length of the siege they would have to maintain their men would suffer from an unvaried diet. Fortunately, the company cooks were also sent ahead and by the time the regular troops had arrived they had the mess tent up with quite a fine meal prepared from the King’s largess.
They were stationed in a long arc, starting at the little way station for latecomers, where the officers had set up, and reaching around in a circle around the castle, all the way down to the beach. The tents had not arrived, so most had to either sleep rough, or wait as the supply and baggage trains came in over the course of the evening. They were allowed fires, and several of them had brought along firewood.
Their own company was lucky, as they had all their gear in the wagon. They were able to get their own tents up quickly and set in for the night. The day had not been tiring, but it had been tedious, which drains you in a different way.
The three mercenaries watched the line of fires through the flap in the awning over the wagon, and figured they made quite a site from the wall. “I bet anyone watching is going to be terribly surprised”, said Delta.
“The Imperialists have gone from being a distant rumor to being on their doorstep”, said Zipper. “They had no idea.”
“King got his tea party”, said Gwen.

Chapter 43 – The Attack
They were roused early the next morning, and ordered, unit by unit, to get their breakfast. It was a fine one, made from interesting combinations of the previous night’s leftovers. After that they were told to arm up and report to the beach for training. Each group of their regular military was in a nice, neat square. Except for their own, which did their best to just be orderly. The mercenary and noble levies were generally just organized clumps.
Officers roved up and down on horses, bringing units into order and lines and there was a tent on the castle side of the beach for the VIPs.
The first orders were for general parading up and down. They marched to one end of the beach as a group, turned, and marched back in good order. Then the regular army did some fancier maneuvers, where one unit split to fall back while the next advanced between them to form another line.
When the sun was fully up, and it was just beginning to get warm, they were given a break. As the VIPs clustered to discuss something at the lake shore, porters appeared from the camp carrying boxes. One of these was placed with each unit and handed over to their officer.
“Troops”, Lieutenant Jamil called them to order. “New gear. File past, collect two, and strap them on.”
Curious, they followed the order. The box contained bent pieces of iron, serrated on one side and with simple leather thongs on the other. The Lieutenant had taken a pair and demonstrated their use by strapping them to her feet.
“Cleats?” said Zipper. “I know the beach sand isn’t that good a surface, but I’m not sure how these will help.”
Delta elbowed her, as Jamil was looking up to see who was making noise. When everyone had them strapped on and was standing at attention again, Jamil made a signal by holding up a flag. Up and down the line they saw other officers signaling similarly until everyone had a flag up. Another flag waved at the VIP tent and the flags were all lowered. Jamil beamed.
All the other units seemed equally confused. Necks craned looking up and down the beach trying to work out what was going on. The party of VIPs had moved to the lake side. They didn’t seem like regular army officers. They were arrayed around a bent old lady holding on to the supporting arm of a young woman in blue with white hair. She made a few gestures and there was a sudden creaking and groaning sound. People shifted in alarm as they saw the lake change, radiating away from her. The waves stilled and it took on a white, glittering appearance. It had turned to ice.
Trumpets sounded the attack cadence, and suddenly officers were shouting them forward. Reflexively they advanced, first over sand, and then out onto the hard ice, their cleats digging in and giving them grip. Delta and Zipper grinned at each other. This was crazy! Gwen was having a bit harder time of it. They hadn’t made cleats for Johnston, and although he had claws, he was very dubious about the ice. But with everyone encouraging him on, they got the momentum going.
Once the way was clear ahead, Jamil called double time and they started jogging across. Up on the castle walls they could see people watching in confusion, and then alarm. Gongs sounded and people scurried about, not knowing what to do. They were nearly abreast of them before the first arrows came down.
The harbor wall had been built to keep out waves, not invaders. It was more of an angled slope than a solid barrier. Some units had been directed to those walls, taking the left and right, but the bulk went straight up the middle. The few craft that remained in the harbor were solidly locked up in ice. Officers pranced up and down, their horses also traversing the ice. The vanguard unit had stormed the harbor square and held the entrances to it. The square then became a staging ground as arriving units shucked their cleats, and then were ordered to various quarters of the city.
Scattered resistance had started up, and guards were issuing from their barracks to challenge the invaders. But they had little supporting fire from the walls. All of the arrow slits faced outwards.
When it came time for their unit, they were ordered up the main avenue. They were to take and hold the central market square. Resistance was not expected, and they were to hold position, discourage looters, and stand by to reinforce any unit that needed it.
It was a very different view they had marching up the street than the last time they were here. The crowded bustle had evaporated, and people ran away from the troops, leaving carts littering the streets. They pushed some of these aside, but mostly moved around them, the Lieutenant eager to secure the square and prevent the enemy from maneuvering through it.
They reached it and formed up in the middle. Imposing guild buildings lined it, and huddled and frightened faces looked down from many windows. The Lieutenant straightened the line up and stood before them, watching up and down the roads and lanes, looking for orders.
Suddenly there was a thwack noise and the Lieutenant dropped like a stone. Everyone stood stunned for a moment, then Delta yelled “Shield’s up! Archer! Ware!”
They lurched into motion, all the regulars forming a ceiling and those without shields clustering next to the orcs with their great shields. Another arrow hit the cobblestones near them. “There!” cried Delta. The Clothworkers Guild had a tall bell tower, from which the hours were run. In the housing at the top they could see a guard with a long bow, fitting an arrow.
“Move, move!” called Delta. “You two, get the Lieutenant”, Delta ordered the dwarf and Masami. “You two, cover them with your shields”, she called to two of the regular troops. They turtled up and made for the edge of the square nearest the tower. The two orcs had thundered ahead and were now beating on the guild door.
“Get close”, shouted Delta. “There’s no parapet. They can’t hit us if we stick close.”
She spared a quick glance at the Lieutenant. The arrow had come steeply down, between the lames of the pauldron and had gone deep. It did not look good. The dwarf and Masami were seeing to her, trying to staunch the wound, but there was no hope in their eyes. Most of the others were huddled up against the building, shields above them where possible.
The orcs had battered down the door and flung themselves inside. “Zip, you two, with me”, shouted Delta. “Gwen: down to the docks. Tell them our officer is down.”
She rushed inside. People cowered in corners, shrinking away from them. The orcs had made for the stairs and she could hear them thundering up them. She led the way, following them, floor after floor. The dwarf passed her halfway up, as she slowed from the climb. It sounded as if the orcs had got there from the shouts and screams. She drew a deep breath and pushed herself again, to try to make up the distance.
When she got there, sunlight was streaming in. A great bell hung above them, and it was open on all sides. One of the orcs had the archer by his foot, and held him out over the edge, screaming insults at him and shaking him. The other orc stood by, visibly upset and shouting, but standing his ground. The dwarf looked to her as she came in.
“Trooper”, commanded Delta. “Put him down.”
The orc snarled at her, “He shoot Lieutenant.” He shook the archer for good measure. A cry of lamentation went up from the square below. Delta took a deep breath. The orc screamed again, and tears streamed down his face.
“Yes”, Delta said. “He killed the Lieutenant. He will be judged. But not by us.”
“He die!” shouted the orc. “He kill. He die.”
“No”, commanded Delta. Then, “Trooper! Listen. Are you a soldier or not?”
That seemed to get his attention. “I soldier. I good soldier. I revenge Lieutenant.”
“No”, said Delta again. “Good troopers follow orders. He is now prisoner. We do not kill prisoners.”
The orc howled again, and shook the man, who was blubbering himself. But the orc seemed undecided.
“She taught me to be good soldier”, said the orc, shaking the man again, less hard.
“We will bury her with honor”, said Delta. “You must honor her teaching.”
The orc growled and stared at the man with deep hatred. Then he flung him back onto the platform and sagged against the support, crying bitterly.
The man scampered across the floor towards Delta, his ankle was clearly broken or badly sprained. “Save me” he blubbered. “Get that monster away from me.”
With a grim look Delta pushed him aside with her foot and stepped past him to stand before the orc. “I am Captain Delta of Wight’s Brigade. I stood in the battle at Cleres in the center on the Montihouse side. The strength of the Imperial army came against me. All of my comrades died. But I held, lived, and continued the brigade. For that, I was given this medal.” She unpinned the medal that she had been given back in Lyre by an orc. She then recited the prior history of the medal, as had been told to her by the orc. “What you did right now was very hard. Putting honor above vengeance is what makes us professional soldiers. We strike to defeat our enemy, not in anger. You made the right choice in a difficult circumstance. For that I give you this medal.”
She held it out and he stared at it. Then he knuckled some tears out of his eyes and stared at her. Slowly, he reached out and took it. The other orc standing next to Delta watched and nodded his head slowly.
Delta turned to the man, cowered up against the railing of the staircase. “You two, get this piece of trash out of here.” They moved and with grim faces and not too gentle hands, took the archer down the stairs.
She turned back to the orc. He had come away from the edge and was staring at the medal. Delta clapped him on the arm. “Put it on. Let’s get back downstairs. The war isn’t over yet.”
She headed down and he followed.

Chapter 44 – The End
Gwen came galloping up on Johnston when Delta got to the bottom of the stairs. The Lieutenant had been laid out, and the troops were clustered around her looking mournful. Delta turned to Gwen, “Did you tell? Are they sending an officer?”
“They say you now officer”, said Gwen. Delta’s eyes opened wide. “They give orders. Get to gold street. Riot starting there. Stop looting.”
Delta bit her lips and sighed. “Troops”, she called out. “New orders. Form up.” She picked a trooper at random and detailed them to stay behind and guard the prisoner and Jamil’s body. “Let’s head down main”, she ordered. “Gwen, go scout. See what we’re walking into.”
Gwen saluted and Johnston loped off.
Delta moved to the front and kept them walking briskly. Zipper caught up with her. “I told you command suits you”, she teased.
“Not something I asked for”, Delta said, shaking her head.
Zipper hooked her thumb over her shoulder. “No one’s questioning it. If that’s not worth a bonus, I don’t know what is.”
“Get in line”, growled Delta. Zipper laughed and fell back. She could see commotion ahead. Abandoned carts had been turned over, and some people were using broken barrels to smash at the shutters on store fronts. Delta put the orcs in front and got them to beat on their shields, with the regular shields to either side. “We don’t’ want to have to stab civilians”, she cautioned. “But make them think we will.” So, they advanced slowly, but as loudly as possible. They took the hint and ran off.
Gwen came back. “Gold street mess. Big barricade at this end. But lane down by tavern not blocked.”
“Got it”, said Delta. They had spent a night drinking in that area, and she remembered it. If they cut to the left up here, they could get to that lane and onto Gold Street. “Right troops. We have to move quickly. Loose formation. Zipper, Gwen, to the front. You know the way to go. Everyone else, follow as fast as you can. Secure the entrance of the lane into Gold street.”
She jogged along last. Her breath came hard as she was still winded from running up and down the staircase. The orc, at least, seemed to have his head back together. They were strong and quickly outpaced all but the dwarf. Delta shepherded the rear, reminding the laggers how many flights of stairs she had gone up and down and questioning why she was faster than them.
When she reached the lane, they had a solid row of shields across the front. There was a full-blown riot taking place. People had taken advantage of the situation to smash things up and cause chaos. Gold street was where the money changers, goldsmiths, and other handlers of precious metals did their work. There were scattered troops about, but they were mostly pinned down.
“Here’s the maneuver”, shouted Delta. “We go up the near side towards main street. Standard shields at the front, staggered, like a wedge. The two large ones cover our flanks. Scream, shout, beat on anything. Make a lot of noise and let them know we’re serious. Poles: beat on anyone who gets close. Use the hafts unless someone decides to harass one of the shields. Then give them the full blade. Gwen, stick close, and Masami, cover the rear and stop us getting flanked. Don’t go gentle on anyone coming up from behind.”
They moved out, and people took notice. The advancing wedge separated looters from shops as they scraped their way up the street. Disgruntled rioters yelled back at them and threw things at them. One of the orcs stepped out of line and brought his club down hard on an upturned cart someone was hiding behind while pelting them with torn up cobbles. They high tailed it quickly away.
At the top of the street, they crossed over and prepared to come down the other side. A few tried to cross back to the side they had just cleared, but Gwen sent some arrows in their direction and they changed their mind. A few brave ones worked up the mob for a rush. Delta could see it coming from a mile off and called a brace to the troops just before they hit, and they bounced off like hail. She and the other poles stepped in and winded several, driving the buts of their weapons into their unarmored midriffs. They then continued their advance, stepping over any of those who were downed.
The others lost their stomach for fighting at that point and fled. Reinforcement had arrived at the wall end of the street and headed them off. Some surrendered, others escaped into alleys. Overall, the street was quiet again.
Delta moved the troops back to Main and started them clearing the barricades. As soon as there was a gap, she sent Gwen off to report the situation to where they were coordinating things on the docks. The orders back were to hold firm. Negotiations were taking place with the King at the castle.
Things were quiet for another two hours. Citizens were told to keep indoors, although Delta was called on when people begged for exceptions. For injuries, lost children, or distressed people, she dispatched escorts to get them to where they needed to be.
An hour before noon, trumpets sounded a “stand down” order. Clarification was sent out telling troops to stand by. Most were to be ordered back to camp, and a rotation was to be set up to replace the city guard and keep order. Criers strode up and down the city proclaiming the King had acknowledged the reformed Empire. He now swore loyalty to them and encouraged all citizens to do likewise and offer them no impediment. By the time the bells were striking noon, they were marching out the beautiful, impregnable front gatehouse to the city, and back to camp.
“That was… remarkable”, said Zipper. Falling in again, next to Delta.
Delta looked to the orc she had talked back from killing the archer. And to the front, where four troopers bore the Lieutenant’s body on her shield. “It wasn’t without it’s casualties. But it isn’t something we would have come up with in a million nights plotting with Lady Exentine.”
Gwen was with them as well, looking a little shell shocked. “All human battle like that?” she asked.
“No”, said Delta. “I don’t think the world has ever seen a battle like that.”
“What do we do now?” asked Zipper.
“The orders I was given say we go to quarters first”, said Delta. “Stow our arms and armor. Then we have the rest of the day off. It’s been strongly encouraged we visit the beach.”

Chapter 45 – Epilogue
It turned into a beautiful day for the beach. The sun was bright, the clouds were few, and the water was sparkling. Delta and Zipper had stripped down to their undermost clothes, like most everyone else. They walked slowly up and down the waterline, mostly anonymous now, without their tabards on.
Johnston capered nearby, not entirely trusting the water, worried about Gwen, who was out deeper. One of the orcs had asked, shyly, if she would ride his back in some two-on-a-side splashing game they were playing. She had strong arms, and the goggles kept out the worst of the water. She seemed to be having the time of her life.
Everyone was there. Officers, troopers, and they even managed to pull the clerks away from their tablets. Some small few had guard duty in the town they had just conquered. But they rotated in and out quickly to give everyone a chance to wind down.
Some did this by energetically splashing around. Others just floated in the water. Some built sandcastles, some stared out over the water, and some just slept in the sun.
Even The General was there. Walking casually up and down, seeming to know just about everyone. He stopped and personally thanked Delta and Zipper by name, commiserated their loss, praised Delta’s quick and responsive actions, noting her compassion for her troops and the citizens of the town. With a wink he told her that if they made the decision to sign up, she would receive a commission. And then he moved on.
“What do we do now?” asked Zipper, not for the first time.
“I don’t know”, said Delta. She looked up and down the beach at all the people. She knew quite a few, had now fought alongside of many, and had the respect of their leader. She looked to the city. It was conquered but wasn’t the burning ruin she had feared. The whole operation had concluded with almost no casualties. It was just bad luck that one of them happened to be her commander. “I like them. I like how they conduct war”, she said.
“So, you’ll take the commission?” said Zipper.
“I don’t know”, repeated Delta, with no impatience. “I like us too.” She looked over at Gwen, who, rarely for her, was laughing at some successful surprise tactic she had just used. “You can all make your own decisions”, said Delta. “I’m not going to hold this over anyone.”
“Oh, I’m sticking with you”, said Zipper. “If you enlist as an officer, I’ll get them to pull strings and make me your sergeant. I’m good at yelling at people. If you don’t, I’ll be right next to you to fill in the gaps you open.”
Delta smiled down at her and tousled her hair. “There’s no guarantee they’ll keep us together in an army like this. I have the feeling they plan to grow a lot. They’ll need it to conquer the world.” She looked up at the city. “And, somehow, I now think they might have even chances of that.” They had reached the end of the bay, where the beach narrowed to nothing as the next low headland raised up. They turned and looked back.
“I’m not sure I’m ready yet to take a demotion from Captain to Lieutenant.”

Afterword
Thank you for reading “Wight’s Brigade”, the first book in the Six Swords series. 
The second book, “Into the East” follows the mercenary team to the unfamiliar country of Indostan, to return the body of the fallen Lt. Jamal. But the deceased Lt. has a powerful family, who express an interest in hiring the brigade for a most unusual mission. The opening chapter of Into the East is included below. 
Do you have questions about this book, the series, want to know what went on off stage, or before the events chronicled? The characters in the book are available to answer anything you might ask. Please post your questions on the Facebook page below and they will reply, in persona.
For news, character interviews, tie-in games, and many other updates about the Six Swords series please follow the Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/sixbooks
If you aren't on Facebook, you can keep up to date with the web site:
http://www.ocean-of-storms.com/sixbooks
Or follow twitter:
https://twitter.com/jjaquinta
You can find other books by the same author on Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/search?query=jjaquinta

Into the East, Chapter 1 – The Deal
The office was dark, compared to the brightness outside. But enough of that leaked through the shutters to give plenty of illumination of the man standing next to the desk, smiling. “Captain Delta of Wight’s Brigade. Welcome!”
Delta bowed formally in return, although a bit uncertain. The sounds of the third day of the funeral could be heard outside. It was a much louder and less somber affair than where Delta had grown up. And much longer. There were ten days left to go.
“Thank you, my lord Jamal.” She was unsure what title to use, or even exactly what relation this man was to the deceased. He had been introduced as some sort of ‘uncle’ and patron of the fallen hero. He was fluent in the trade language of Romitu, though, and had been the main interpreter when needed. But none of that explained why she had been asked here.
“The family is most grateful that you undertook the duty of returning my niece’s body to us”, said the man, bringing his hands together, palm to palm. His robes were rich to Delta’s eyes. Although all fabrics were here, since this was where the exotic goods of her homeland came from. His jewelry and makeup matched them, though, in richness. 
“I had the greatest respect for Lieutenant Jamal”, said Delta.
“You spoke most movingly of her final battle”, said the man. Delta had addressed the mourners on the first day of the funeral. Somewhat awkwardly, as it had come as a surprise, with this man translating. “You made people understand the importance and meaning of her service”, he continued. “Your sincerity needed no translation from me.”
“She was only my commander briefly”, said Delta, looking down. “But that, and how her troops looked to her was enough to gain her measure.”
There was a drawn-out silence while they both reflected. It had been a most unusual battle. Delta had never seen or read of the like. A small force arrayed against an impregnable and well stocked fortressed seemed a fool’s errand. But then they used their magic to freeze the harbor, sidestepped all the defenses, and stormed the city, taking it nearly bloodlessly.
Unfortunately, nearly bloodless was not completely bloodless and Lieutenant Jamal had been one of the few fallen. Despite their impressive tactics, and an offer of commission, Delta had opted to stay as the Captain of her mercenary unit. But she was more than happy to take on the contract of being the honor guard to bring the body of Lieutenant Jamal home to her people. These upstart Imperials felt very strongly about such things and were willing to pay to see her, her possessions, backpay and death price safely home, halfway across the world, unmolested.
“I can see that you took the duty for more than just the pay given”, said the man. He appeared to be measuring her. Delta thought she knew where this was going.
“You have been most generous in allowing us to participate in a friend’s funeral”, she said formally. “I assure you that we have been paid in full for this duty. No further recompense need be offered, and it would be irresponsible for us to take advantage of your grief by accepting any.”
The man smiled and lowered his eyes. “You are most noble for a mercenary. It must be difficult, not knowing when you will get paid next. Or do you already have offers to consider?”
Delta sighed and shook her head. “I didn’t really think ahead when taking this mission. Picking the right contract is a hard thing at the best of times. And here we are, a thousand miles from where we were a week ago. I don’t even know if the Guild rules apply here.”
“You put a lot into your choice of contracts, then?” He asked, again with a searching tone.
“Our job is to be in harm’s way”, said Delta. “But my troops' lives are precious to them. I would not take undue risks with that. I am not eager to take on another funeral assignment.”
“There are high magics that can bring the dead back to life”, said the man. 
Delta laughed shortly. “I’ve heard it said. But I’ve not known any mercenary that’s walked that path. You would need to be very wealthy for that.”
The man nodded. He put his hands behind his back and walked up and down in front of the desk. “You came in by the market gate, yes?” Delta nodded. She had never taken one of the magical transport gates before. But the imperialists had paid, and it cut several months off the journey. “Before the market gates there were only the trade gates. And they went between the biggest of the cities. Any goods we wished to sell abroad had to go through them. The taxes they charged enriched those cities and kept us poor.” His expression had soured, caught up in the memory.
“When Senator Scipio opened up the market gates, in all the market towns, it all changed.” A light had come into his eyes. “Suddenly we could trade directly with other market towns. We had access to customers more directly and what we had paid in tariffs could be kept as profit.”
He turned to Delta. ‘When Senator Scioni became General Scioni and sent out a call to arms, how could I not respond? He has made me a wealthy man.”
Delta said nothing. She did not know what to say. She had found the dedication that many who fought for these would be Imperials surprising. Now she had an inkling as to why some of them did.
The man had moved to the window and peered outside. “Today is the day they cremate my niece. Tomorrow will be the immersion of the ashes. And so on and so forth through the rites honoring her soul’s reconstitution of its heavenly body, and its journey to the Lord of judgement on the thirteenth day. On that day the priests will commune with heaven to supplicate the gods on her behalf and to hear the judgement. They will relate to us that she led a good life, was respected by all, and was an example to all. That her time in this mortal realm was too short for one who so dutifully represented the wishes of heaven.” He paused for a moment. Then, expressionless, continued. “And, it being so, the judgement will be that she should be sent back. She will rise from her ashes and be embraced by her loving family.”
Delta gaped. She was stunned. She did not doubt it, but it had just never occurred to her. As she struggled to recover the pieces of what he had said it fit into place. A man made rich had sent his niece off to war for the man who made him rich. When she died, he would assuage his guilt by sponsoring her return. Quite possibly to continue serving the patron who made him rich. But the shock was fading as she pieced this together and her mind started working again. Why tell her? She had her share of fallen comrades. A man who could afford the luxury of bringing back the dead could afford her services. Was this an enticement?
“Lt. Jamal is very fortunate to have as thoughtful an uncle as you”, she said.
The man smiled. But it was not a deep smile delighting in the flattery given. It faded quickly. “The price is not as simple as a mercantile exchange of gold”, he said. “These are religious people and there is also a more symbolic, spiritual price that must yet be paid.”
“Yet?” asked Delta. “There are only a few days before the end of the ceremony.”
The man shook his head. “We pride ourselves in this country in doing business on faith. Services rendered before payment is made shows generosity on the giver and sews trust between parties. An obligation can be leveraged more than goods in a warehouse.”
Delta nodded. She preferred her obligations to be cut and dried. Firmly put to rest at the conclusion of a contract. Of being free to move on. But she was a mercenary, not a cog in the wheel of society.
“What must be done?” she said. She felt she was now beginning to see how she fit into this.
“I do not know”, said the man. “Not precisely”, he added quickly. “The church of the Judge of the Dead wishes a major penance. Before the have accepted a lifetime of service to the cult, an expansion of the temple, new altar furnishings… or a quest.”
“And you, being a busy, but rich, man are looking for someone to do this for you?” she asked. She was probably being more forward than she should. But she lacked the cultural background to approach it with more finesse.
“Yes”, he said, a bit grimly. “The clerics do not look well on rich men simply buying their services. But you… you have a connection with the deceased. You will not be doing this just for the money. You will be doing this for her, and as a symbol of hope to those in your profession that the death you all fear may not be final. Am I right?”
Delta looked at him a long time. Then she looked past him. Wight’s Company had a long and storied history to it, but she did not know it. She had newly come to it when a disastrous battle position wiped everyone else out and left her in command. But she did not feel nothing at their loss. Or the fireside chatter among mercenaries whenever they gathered of who was sill with them and who was not. This was the dream: to make it well enough to defeat death. Even if it was not her to walk that path, to have seen it done firsthand, and to be able to speak knowledgeably about it would raise the hopes of many.
“You are right”, she said. She had genuinely liked Lt. Jamal. Probably more than any of the other Imperials. She was smart, competent, and cared enough about her troops to teach them the discipline to keep them alive. If any deserved to walk the earth again, it would be her.
He nodded, slowly. “So, you are willing to take the job?” he asked.
Delta sighed. “How do we make a contract?” she asked. “You do not know what we will be asked to do. How can you even fix a price?”
“By doing it our way”, he said. “I shall pay you in advance. Most generously, since the priests will be most interested to see that I am sacrificing something of actual consequence, personally. It will be your judgement to serve as faithfully as that price commands. No more. No less. This is a contract based on trust.”
This was not to Delta’s liking. She felt very strongly about running Wight’s Company in a way that their reputation preceded them. If this man paid as generously as he hinted at, she would be honor bound to do her damndest to live up to her side. On one level it was good business to accept and honor this, to everyone’s satisfaction. It would be a story in and of itself. But what price would they have to pay to honor it?
There was a change in tone from the funeral rites outside. She could not hear the priest’s cries, but she could hear the participants calling for fire. Today was the cremation and she guessed the pyre was being lit. If the clerics of the god who judges the dead had any objectivity, then the price for restoring a life should not be greater than life itself. Whatever they were asked, it should not involve certain death. If it did, she felt she had the right to refuse.
She took a deep breath. Now that she had a personal yard stick, she felt more comfortable taking on such an open-ended contract.
“That’s a lot of trust”, said Delta.
He nodded. “But I don’t think it is misplaced.”
“I only ask that you inform Lt. Jamal of exactly who is on the line for this and why. Let her be the judge of how each of us conduct ourselves.”
The man smiled and bowed. “I cannot think of a more suitable guarantor for both of us.”
