
Windows to the Soul - The Darkblade Prophecy

Copyright 2014 Dave Scott 
Published by Dave Scott at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Dedication
Preface
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen 
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty 
About Dave Scott





Dedication

For my sisters, you know yourselves. Too many to write.
Your eyes are truly the windows to the soul.

Preface
	They say that the eyes are the windows into a person’s soul. In the case of a young man called Marik, that couldn’t have been more true. Marik’s story begins with a century old feud between the two families ruling Romania in the 15th century, the Dark blades and Lyons. However, this was no ordinary power struggle. The Darkblade’s are of vampiric blood, claiming to be direct descendants of the first vampire, Dracula, while the Lyon’s are of lycanthrope blood, claiming to be descendants of the first werewolf, Lycan.
	Because of this, both families lay claim to the land of Romania and are the rightful heirs to the throne at Bucharest. However, all the fighting ends with a young vampire called Marik. He was born into the Darkblade family and blessed with all the prowess of a vampire, but he was also cursed, as the Sisters of Fate predicted, Marik would be the strongest of all; being born with the ability to take control of all of Romania. However, to unlock this hidden power, he would to exterminate all other vampires.
	To try and prevent this terrible fate, Marik’s parents, the king and queen kept him locked away until his coming-of-age at 18, his limitless power growing dormant within him. During this time, Marik grew both physically and mentally, as he was well versed in the arts of swordsmanship and education.
	When Marik was introduced to the rest of the vampire clan, they crowned him as prince and heir to the throne. Later that night, a group of young vampires took Marik on his first official hunting trip. This was the beginning of the end. During the hunt, Marik single handedly killed two alpha males from the Lyon family and brought back their corpses to present to the leaders of the clan. Afterwards, he was presented with an ancient book written in Romanian, which was handed down to members of the royal family. It contained the secrets long kept by the Darkblade family, from the birth of Dracula to the prophecy made at Marik’s birth. 
	After the bodies of the wolves were burnt and the ashes cast into the Arges River, a ceremony was held in Marik’s honour. Marik then when home and started reading the book. When he reached the part about himself and his destiny, he read the prophecy aloud: “Take me down to the river’s bed, bring to the fighting end, cleanse the sorrow from off my skin, and show me how to be whole again. Fly me up on a silver wing, past the black sky where the siren sing, heat me up in a nova’s glow and drop me down to the earth below.”
	After reading this, Marik fell into a coma.


Chapter One
	It is now 2013 and the war between the vampires and werewolves has long since ended, or so we once thought.
	A group of 18 year old American students from Faith, School for the Gifted, have visited Romania to learn about the history of the War of Bucharest, as the vampire-werewolf feud is now called. While at a tour of the Castle of Bucharest, Marik Darkblade, a tall young man of Romanian heritage, with light hue, black hair and blue eyes was looking in the gift shop. Then, his eyes caught sight of an old book covered with dust and cobwebs, sitting in a long forgotten corner. He took up the book and saw some strange Romanian text, which somehow he could read, that said Darkblade. The shop owner, a pale skinned man with blood-red lips, black hair and jet-black eyes saw this and said, “That’s a book from the 15th century that contains the real history of Romania, not the fake one you learn at school.”
	“How much does the book cost?” Marik asked, automatically interested.
	“Well…” the shop owner said, “The book is written in 15th century Romanian text and you’re the first person to be able to read it. Even I can’t read it, so I’ll give it to you free of cost.”
	“Really?” Marik asked, “Thanks mister…”
	“Call me Mr. D” the shop owner said with a smile. Marik was sure he saw fangs in his mouth when the man smiled.
	“I must be seeing things,” Marik said to himself as he turned to leave, hitting into an old framed painting. He apologized then took up the painting. The person in the painting had the same features as Marik, except the person had red, evil looking eyes. The shop owner, seeing this, called Marik into a small room hidden by a curtain.



Chapter Two
	The room was dimly illuminated with 7 candles arranged in a circle. They sat down in the center of an old carpet decorated with a white rose, stained and dripping with blood. 
	“What’s your name young man?” Mr. D asked.
	“Marik Darkblade” Marik responded.
	“Mhm…interesting. Do you know the young man in the painting?” Mr. D asked, staring at Marik.
	“No I don’t. Although he looks like me with red eyes.” Marik said
	“You should know him quite well” Mr. D said
	“Who is he?” Marik said, puzzled
	“You… in the 15th century” Mr. D said
	“B-but that’s not even possible…it’s not even logical!” Marik exclaimed.
	“There you go again with all this logic this, logic that. I see you haven’t changed one bit” Mr. D said.
	“Do you know me?” Marik asked
	“Yes I do, we were friends back then, good friends. It seems you’ve lost your memories since the reanimation. And your red eyes too.” Mr. D stated.
	“Reanimation??? Look I have to go now, my friends are waiting. Thank you for the book.” Marik said
	“No thank you, Marik, for showing me that the Darkblade prophecy is still alive.” Mr. D said as Marik walked out. “Be careful Marik, and watch your steps, as they will come after you now that you know who you truly are, the strongest vampire in the Darkblade family.”
	“Who will come after me?” Marik asked, “I like the vampire legends but I know I’m not a vampire. I don’t even have fangs and I hate seeing blood, much less to drink it.”
	“Heed my warning Marik, and you will live to fight on the ill-awaited day,” Mr. D said, “ and don’t read the book aloud to anyone you don’t trust.”
	Marik nodded and walked out of the gift shop, bumping into his friends Clover and Liam.
	“Where have you been?” Clover asked, “You had us worried sick!”
	“And what’s with that huge book dude? Liam asked.
	“I was in the gift shop guys,” Marik said, “And the book was a gift from Mr. D.”
	“Mr. D?” Clover and Liam asked
	“The gift shop owner.” Marik responded
	“You’ve been in that shop way too long Marik,” Liam said. “Leave it to you to make friends with a gift shop owner.” Clover added.
	“Come on, it’s almost dusk.” Marik said, looking at the sky, “We should get back to the hotel.”
	“Geez, you’re such a buzz kill.” Liam said.
	“Give him a break Liam, Marik’s just tired. I’m sure you are too.” Clover said, “Let’s go.” As they walked to the hotel, Liam asked, “So what did you do so long in a gift shop Marik?”
	“I’ll tell both of you when we’re in the hotel room. I don’t think it’s safe to tell it out here,” Marik said.
	“Whatever you say,” Clover said. When they finally got to the hotel, a newly renovated, 5-story, black stone building shaped like a castle. The trio headed for the room. Marik then related the events in the gift shop to his friends.
	“Wow… that must be a lot to take in Marik.” Clover said
	“You a vampire, Marik? I know you hate the sun but wow.” Liam said
	“There’s also a prophecy that’s supposed to be about my birth.” Marik said
	“Well let’s hear it then.” Clover said
	“It goes like this… Take me down to the river’s bed, bring to the fighting end, cleanse the sorrow from off my skin, and show me how to be whole again. Fly me up on a silver wing, past the black sky where the siren sing, heat me up in a nova’s glow and drop me down to the earth below.” Marik said
	Suddenly, silver light flooded the room. A male figure steeped out of the light, and it looked just like Marik! “So you’re the one, figures as much that you look like me.” the figure said
	“Who are you and what do you want with Marik?” Clover asked
	“And you’ll have to go through me first!” Liam shouted
	“That can be arranged.” The figure stated arrogantly
	“Guys, I appreciate the help, but I think you should stay out of this one.” Marik said, moving towards the figure.
	“A wise choice. As to the girl’s question, I am Marik Darkblade, heir to the throne of Bucharest and all of Romania. And I want nothing from this boy but my reanimated body.” The figure said
	“Normally I would say no to being taken over by a vampire’s ghost, but I feel like I’m connected to you somehow.” Marik said
	“Don’t do it Marik!” Clover and Liam exclaimed
	“Don’t worry. I can control his power.” Marik said
	“Very well. Let us begin.” The figure said, “Grasp my right hand with yours and clear your mind.” A bright light shone then died away. Marik was passed out on the floor. He awoke the next day in the infirmary to the sound of a bell.
	“Good you’re awake.” Clover said, sitting beside him on the bed. Marik didn’t know if it was a trick of the light or he still had a concussion, but Clover looked more beautiful than ever to him. Her light brown skin, green eyes, her blond hair blowing in the gentle wind, her perfectly curved, soft lips coloured in her favourite colour, rose pink. Marik came back to reality when he felt Clover’s velvet skin embracing him. “How are you feeling?”
	“G-good” Marik said, staring at Clover.
	“What’s wrong?” Clover asked, “Is there something on my face?” She then ran her hand through her long hair and slowly licked her lips.
	“No, you look perfect.” Marik said, tantalized.
	“Really Marik?” Clover asked, “You know this is how I always look. Anyway, I’m gonna meet Liam at the library. Come when you’re feeling better.” Clover said then kissed Marik on his forehead, leaving a rose pink, lip shaped smudge on his face. “See you later.”
	Marik nodded as Clover left and a nurse entered the room with a tray of food.
	“Looks like someone has a girlfriend.” The nurse said teasingly, “She’s been here since they brought you in last night and refused to leave.”
	“No, she’s just a friend,” Marik said, somewhat sad, “we’ve been friends for years.”
	“It’s good that you have such a good friend,” the nurse said, “just tell me when you’re ready to leave.”
	“Ok.” Marik said as he drifted off to sleep.
	Later that day, Marik found Liam and Clover at the library, Clover resting and Liam reading a history book. “Dude you’re finally here.” Liam said, “How do you feel?”
	“I don’t feel and different.” Marik said
	“You seem different though.” Liam said
	“What do you mean?” Marik asked, “And my eyes are still blue.”
	“You look the same, but your aura is different.” Liam said, “And your voice got deeper.”
	“Anyway dude,” Marik said, “Does Clover look any different to you?”
	“Did that hit last night fry your brain?” Liam asked sarcastically, “Of course not, she looks the same as always.”
	“Oh, forget I asked.” Marik said as Clover got up. She saw Marik and squeezed him. “I had a weird dream last night but I’m starving.”
	“The best thing I’ve heard all day.” Liam said jokingly “Let’s get lunch then tell us about the dream Marik.”
	“That sounds great,” Clover said as the trio headed to the hotel’s restaurants. Marik ordered cheese fries and meatballs while Liam ordered cheese fries and a cheese burger and Clover ordered a chicken salad. 
	During the meal, Marik told them about the dream. “It explained the prophecy. The first part ‘Take me down to the river’s bed, bring to the fighting end, cleanse the sorrow from off my skin, and show me how to be whole again’ means that I should go back to the scene of the war. There I will lose a friend. Only then will I unlock my true power. The second part ‘Fly me up on a silver wing, past the black sky where the siren sing, heat me up in a nova’s glow and drop me down to the earth below’ means that in order to master this power, I need to eradicate my weakness to sunlight, then I will find love, embrace the sun and then come back to Earth and receive my rightful place on the throne.”
	“Wow that’s a lot to do.” Clover said
	“And you won’t be doing it alone.” Liam said his brown, shaggy hair, brown eyes and dark skin burning with his usual optimism.
	“Thanks guys, really” Marik said “but this is something I should do alone. You heard me, I will lose a friend and I don’t want to lose any of you.”
	“You’re NOT doing this alone Marik!” Clover exclaimed, slamming her hand on the table.
	“Someone’s upset.” Liam said
	“Shut up Liam!” Clover shouted, “I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to lose Marik. He’s my……. friend.” Clover said, blushing, cheeks red.
	“Ok, both of you can come. But if anyone of you get hurt...”Marik said
	“We won’t get hurt.” Clover and Liam said
	“But to do this, we need to stay in Romania and the plane leaves tomorrow.” Marik stated 
	“You were born here Marik” Liam said, “Don’t you have family here?”
	“Yeah I do” Marik said, “An uncle and aunt.”
	“So we’ll call our parents and ask to stay here with you.” Clover said
	“That could work” Marik said, “but we would have to go see my uncle later.” After lunch, they called their parents and got permission to stay. “Now to my uncle.”
	After making the hour long journey from the hotel to Marik’s uncle’s house, Marik rang the brass doorbell and a male servant answered the door.
	“I assume you are Master Nickolai’s nephew and friends?”
	“Yes we are.” Marik said
	“I will show you in then” Delmay, the servant said. Upon entering, Liam exclaimed “Wow! This place is huge!”
	“I’m glad you think so.” A male voice said. Marik’s uncle Nickolai walked into the room. “Delmay, will you kindly take their bags to their rooms.”
	“Of course sir, right away.” Delmay said
	“Your parents already called Marik. You really do look like your father.” Nickolai said
	“Thanks Uncle Nick.” Marik said, “These are my friends Clover and Liam.”
	“Hello sir” Clover and Liam said
	“Please, call me Nick” Nickolai said
	“Oh, they’re here already?” a female voice asked
	“Hi Aunt Sandra” Marik said, “These are my friends Clover and Liam”
	“Hello Miss Sandra.” Liam and Clover said
	“Hello children” Sandra said, “You really do look like your father Marik”
	“So why did you three want to stay in Romania?” N ick asked
	“We need to do some research for a school project.” Marik said
	“The history of the War of Bucharest.” Clover said
	“Well you’ll have full access to my study and the city archives.” Nick said
	“Thanks a lot Uncle Nick.” Marik said “We’re just gonna rest for tonight then head out in the morning.
	“That’s fine,” Sandra said “have a good rest.”

Chapter Three
During the night, Marik’s sleep was cursed with nightmares of the War, the relentless bloodshed and bodies that littered the battleground was seamlessly endless, blood flowed like a river.
	But Marik had other dreams, filled with instructions dictated to him by the spirit, his other self. His dreams ranged from channeling vampiric power to a lesson on how to fight.
	Marik jumped out of bed after the final lesson on blood drinking. “I feel strange…” Marik said to himself. He takes up a mirror and looks at his face.
	“M-My eyes are…red.” Marik said. He came out of his room on the 2cd floor and went on the balcony. He looked down. Then jumped. He landed in his aunt’s garden and sprinted with non-human speed down the road. He found a young, wounded wolf. Attacked it. Killed it and drank its blood.
	He came back to reality when he tasted the rich blood of a fresh kill. Marik found himself hunching over the corpse of his first victim, a satisfying feeling swept over him, blood dripping from his lips.
	“What have I done?” Marik asked himself, “I need to get home before daylight…”
	Marik made his way home while removing the evidence from his body. An adult wolf howled in the distance and Marik’s blood boiled in anticipation for a fight, but he resisted and went home. Marik climbed up to the 2cdfloor balcony, went into his bed and had the best sleep of his life, dreaming about Clover.
	“Wake up sleepy head.” Sandra said as she moved the blinders from the window.
	“Uhh,” Marik said, “Morning Aunt Sandra.”
	“What’s wrong?” Sandra asked
	“I think I have a headache.” Marik responded
	“You poor thing.” Sandra said, “Just stay inside today. I’ll get you some pills.”
	“Thanks Aunt Sandra,” Marik said. After getting the pills, Marik went downstairs and saw everyone having breakfast.
	“Hurry up bro!” Liam exclaimed, “Your food’s getting cold.”
	“Just eat it Liam” Marik said, “I’m not hungry.”
	“Are you ok Marik?” Clover asked, looking worried.
	“Don’t worry,” Marik said “Can the two of you meet me in the study when you’re done?”
	“Sure” they both said. Marik went into the study and started talking to himself.
	“Just what did I do last night?” Marik asked
	“You had your first drink of blood.” Came the response
	“You…you made me do it!” Marik exclaimed, “I killed a defenseless wolf cub!”
	“You are a vampire.” the spirit said, “That is your duty.”
	“You’re evil!” Marik shouted
	“But if you can control me, your vampiric half, I could be used for good.” the spirit said
	“How do I do that?” Marik asked
	“If you speak these words, you can summon my power whether it is day or night.” the spirit said
	“What are they?” Marik asked
	“Tempa Kun Fem.” the sprit said, “But speak them in your mind, and you will have full control of my power.”
	“And what happens if I say them out loud?” Marik asked
	“You will lose all my power and your soul in the process.” the spirit said, “And you can call me Yami.”
	“Ok, I’ll try to remember that…Yami” Marik said. Just then, Clover and Liam walked into the room, sitting around the round table.
	“So what’s up?” Liam asked
	“Did you guys hear anything weird last night?” Marik asked
	“No, we didn’t,” Clover said “Why?”
	“I went crazy last night, it’s like the spirit took over.” Marik said
	“I said to call me Yami!” the spirit stated, making himself visible, “It means…” Suddenly cut off by Clover.
	“It means dark spirit.” Clover said
	“Well aren’t you a bright one” Yami said, “fit for the queen of Romania.”
	“Thank you.” Clover said, blushing, “I like him already.”
	“You like getting noticed.” Liam said
	“Shut up Liam!” Clover shouted
	“Cut it out you too.” Marik said, “We should start our journey today, the sooner the better.”
	“Yeah, but how?” Liam asked
	“Clover, you’ll be the medic. You’re in charge of all the medical supplies.” Marik said
	“I always wanted to be a nurse,” Clover said, giggling.
	“Liam, you’ll be in charge of the food.” Marik said
	“Perfect choice Marik!” Liam exclaimed
	“Sometimes I wonder how you’re not fat Liam.” Clover said
	“Good genes.” Liam answered, “So what are you gonna do Marik?”
	“I’m the leader, apparently, and tactical expert.” Marik said
	“Isn’t that me?” Yami asked, jokingly.
	“I didn’t know you were capable of humour Yami?” Marik asked sarcastically.
	“You know what’s funny Marik?” Liam asked, “You laughing at yourself.”
Chapter Four
Later that day, at dusk, the trio set out to begin the hardest task of their lives. After saying goodbye to their hosts, Nickolai called Marik back and comes out, holding something wrapped in red cloth.
	“This belongs to you Marik.” Nick said
	“What is it?” Marik asked, while Nick unwrapped the object, the cloth falling to the floor.
	“An heirloom of our family, Dracula’s sword.” Nick said as the handed the sword to Marik.
	“Wow…” Marik said, “I don’t know what to say.”
	“Say you’ll use it to fulfill your destiny.” Nick said
	“You know about that?” Marik asked, “How?”
	“First of your name.” Nick said, “And how you are able to read the book.” Then Sandra came out to where they were talking.
	“The pills I gave you were filled with blood.” Sandra said, “If you did not unlock your power, you would have been sick for days.”
	Marik then took the sword out of its hilt and held it up to the sky, its silver blade and gold handle shone in the moonlight.
	“Silver is kryptonite to werewolves, Marik” Nick said “Use it to your advantage.”
	“But I thought the werewolves were extinct.” Marik said
	“No, young one, now that your power has awakened those infidels will seek you out and attempt to end your life.” Nick said, “Make sure that doesn’t happen.”
	“It won’t, Uncle, I’ll hunt them down and kill them before that happens.” Marik said
	“Spoken like a true Darkblade,” Nick said. He then gave Marik a blessing in Romanian, “Dumnezeu să fie cu tine și să colții dvs. rămâne ascuțit,” which translates to “God be with you and may your fangs stay sharp.”
	Marik thankfully received the blessing and went on his way, putting the sword in his backpack. Then Liam said, “Wait a minute, just how old are you Mr. Nick?”
	“Don’t you know that’s rude?!” Clover shouted at Liam, slapping him.
	“It’s ok Clover” Nick said, “If you must know, I’m 2000 years old.”
	“But you look like in your 30’s.” Clover said
	“He’s a vampire,” Marik said “that’s natural.”
	“Oh, by the way Marik,” Sandra said “You should stop at Dracula’s Castle. There you will gain more power to aid you on your quest and bring glory back to the vampires.”
	“Well I guess we know our first stop.” Liam said
	“You three should get going before daylight.” Nick said, “God bless all of you and let no harm befall you.”
	“Thank you.” Clover said, “For the blessing and your hospitality.”
	“And for all the food.” Liam added
	“You’re both welcome.” Nick said
	“Just be careful and know who the real enemy is.” Sandra said as the trio started the long journey ahead. Marik pulled a map of Romania from his backpack and opened it up. The smell of musty paper filled the air around him. He then marked the route they would take to Dracula’s Castle or Bran as it is now called.
	“What are you gonna do in the daylight Marik? Clover asked
	“My human side is still intact. As long as I’m covered up I’ll be ok.” Marik said
	“Make sure.” Clover said, “And promise me that I won’t lose you.”
	“I promise.” Marik said “That you won’t lose me, now or anytime.”
	After walking for a while, Liam said “That’s really sweet you two, but we need a faster way to travel. Walking isn’t working out.”
	“I agree.” Clover said, “My feet are hurting.”
	“Any suggestions, leader?” Liam asked
	“Well…my parents told me that I could use their dormant bank account here.” Marik said, “So I guess we could buy some ATV’s.”
	“Why not just buy a car?” Liam asked
	“Because we’re gonna go up hills.” Clover stated, “And a car can’t go up hills, obviously.” 
	“You’re always acting smarter than everyone else.” Liam said, “It’s irritating.”
	“Whatever,” Clover said “You can walk if you don’t want one.”
	“Fine,” Liam said. They went to the bank, withdrew the money and bought 3 new ATV’s.
	“Who wants to race?” Liam asked
	“Sure,” Marik said “let’s see who’s faster.”







Chapter Five
Before heading out, Marik marked the route they would take out on Liam’s and Clover’s maps. Marik and Liam wore the basic black riding suits with gloves and helmets. However, Marik wore a coat over his suit for extra protection from the sun. Clover came out in a tight, red spandex suit, her hair tied in a ponytail.
	“What you think guys?” Clover asked as she spun around once.
	“Wow Clover…you look amazing.” Marik said, watching Clover as she walked to her ATV. “The suit frames her body perfectly.” Marik thought to himself.
	“I hate to admit it.” Liam said, “But you look good Clover.”
	“Thanks guys.” Clover said, “The lady at the store said it would show off my curves.”
	“She was right.” Marik and Liam said
	“Thanks guys.” Clover said, blushing.
	“I marked out the route on your maps.” Marik said “So if we get separated we can find our own way to the castle.”
	“Let the race begin!” Liam shouted. The engines roared and they went off. Marik was in the lead for most of the race, with Liam close behind him. When they reached the castle entrance, Clover was on her ATV, waiting.
	“What took you guys so long?” Clover asked “Don’t you know it’s rude to keep a lady waiting?”
	“You found some kind of short cut didn’t you?” Liam asked
	“We all took the same route.” Marik said
	“I’ll show you two on the way back.” Clover said
	“I still say I won.” Liam said
	“Whatever.” Marik said “Now that it’s dark we should enter the castle.”
	“It looks just like the hotel.” Liam said
	“The hotel was modeled off this castle.” Clover said
	The castle was almost twice the size of the hotel and had yellow caution tape around the gate. Marik pushed open the polished ivory gate and they went inside. The pathway was lined with red roses, the aroma was captivating. Marik knocked the brass and silver, old fashioned doorbells and the doors opened.
	“Shouldn’t this place be empty?” Liam asked. He stood outside while Marik and Clover walked in.
	“Don’t be a baby, Liam.” Clover said while Liam ran in. The door slammed shut. 
	“Did you do that?” Clover asked
	“No, I didn’t.” Liam said, frantic.
	“Don’t be afraid.” A male voice said “I closed the door.” The person stepped in to the room.
	“Mr. D?” Marik asked
	“The gift shop owner?” Clover and Liam asked
	“Welcome home Prince Marik.” Mr. D said, kneeling. “The D in my name stands for Dracula, Dracula XXII.”
	“Prince…it has a good ring to it.” Marik said
	“Don’t get too used to it.” Liam joked
	“Wow.” Clover said, “I’m really talking to Dracula.”
	“Shouldn’t you be in the gift shop?” Liam asked
	“I’m also the caretaker and keeper of the castle.” Mr. D said, “If you two are going to help the prince, you’ll need weapons and learn how to fight.”
	“Let’s get started then.” Liam said
	“I like your spirit, boy.” Mr. D said, “It’s filled with fire. And the girl, you look smart and patient, planning every move before you strike.”
	“I am.” Clover said, proudly.
	“Marik.” Mr. D said, “I will teach you to channel your power through your sword.”
	“That’s sounds great.” Marik said
	Mr. D took them to the armory, where he gave Clover and bow with a quiver of 30 silver-tipped arrows. He also gave Liam a spear with an ivory tip.
	“Trust in these weapons and they will never fail.” Mr. D said, “Your training starts tomorrow. Get some rest and meet me here at noon, when the sun is highest in the sky.”
	“Why noon?” Marik asked
	“Because then you will be at your weakest state.” Mr. D said, “You’ll get more out of your training if you do so at your weakest.”
	“Fine.” Clover said
	“It’s ok with me.” Liam added
	“I guess it’s closed then.” Marik said, “Noon it is.” 

Chapter Six
At noon, the trio made their way to the armory, where they found Mr. D waiting for them. They exchanged greeting and prepared their weapons. Mr. D stepped on a tile. The floor shifted and was sinking into a room down below. They landed in a bright, dome-covered room with a tilted glass roof that let in sunlight. Its walls were made of simple red stone bricks, with seats along the sides, as if made for spectators.
	“Where are we?” Marik asked, covering his face.
	“The arena.” Mr. D said, “The place where you trained centuries ago.”
	“Why is it so bright?” Clover asked
	“Because this is where vampires faced each other.” Marik said, “To prove who is stronger, we fight in the light.”
	“I see your memory has returned.” Mr. D said
	“Yes, most of my memory.” Marik said, “I have no recollection of the War, however.”
	“That will come in time.” Mr. D said, “But for now, let’s start your training.” He divided the arena into 3 parts; one specialized for each of the teens. Liam’s targets were mostly long range, but some were at a range where he only needed to strike or stick the spear into the targets. Clover’s targets were all long range, some even 1000 feet away. However, the targets for Marik were all close range, some where he couldn’t even move his feet. Marik’s arena also had the most sunlight.
	They trained for what seemed like hours, only taking short breaks to eat or drink. In order to summon his power through the sword, Marik had to focus all his energy into his right hand, which held the sword. After a few failed attempts, the blade glowed with red light and seemed to be sharper and move faster than before.
	“Ah, my ancestor’s sword.” Mr., D said, “It seems to have chosen you to wield it, or else you could not even take it out of the hilt.”
	“My uncle gave it to me.” Marik said
	“I entrusted it to Nickolai so the sword could be protected until you arrived.” Mr. D said
	“What are the markings in the middle of the blade?” Marik asked
	“Runes carved by Dracula I himself.” Mr. D said, “They are the runes that seal his soul inside the sword.”
	“H-His soul?” Clover asked
	“How did he do that?” Liam asked
	“By reciting an age-old spell.” Mr. D said
	“How does it work?” Clover asked
	“The spell user sends his soul into an object by craving the required runes onto the object and then saying them aloud over the object.” Marik said, “It’s a very unpleasant process to have your soul ripped from your body.”
	“Very good, young prince.” Mr. D said, “I see your lessons have not left you.”
	“So how much longer do we have to train?” Liam asked
	“Your physical training will be over tomorrow.” Mr. D said, “I will put you under the worst possible conditions and see how you do.”
	“And then what?” Marik asked
	“You’re going to start your mental training.” Mr. D said
	“What do we need that for anyway?” Liam asked
	“To strengthen your mind.” Clover said, “Something you obviously need.”
	“Whatever.” Liam said, “How long will that take?”
	“Just two days.” Mr. D said, “After which you can call yourselves hunters.”
	“Like the ones on TV?” Clover asked
	“Yes, but you will be hunting actual werewolves.” Mr. D said
	“Finally.” Liam said, “Something fun to do.”
	“It might be fun.” Marik said, “But it’s dangerous, especially for you guys who are normal humans.”
	When their mental training started, Marik and Clover excelled at every task put before them; meditating, reading for hours on end and learning magic runes. However, Liam failed the reading test and barely passed the meditation. He learned the runes, but could not use them. Then their final day at the castle came. Mr. D presented them with the classic hunter’s outfit; black leather shirts and tight-fitting leather pants with a long black cloak.
	“You are now official hunters of the Darkblade family.” Mr. D said, putting his hands on Liam’s and Clover’s heads. “Bear it well.”
	“Thank you.” Clover and Liam said
	“Wait…” Marik said, “Don’t human hunters possess special abilities?”
	“Some do.” Mr. D said, “That’s what the mental training was for.”
	“So do any of us have any special abilities?” Liam asked
	“You, Liam, do not have any.” Mr. D said, “But you, Clover, do. Your skill with magic runes is on par with that of a vampire.”
	“Sorry Liam.” Marik said
	“Really?” Clover asked, “That’s great! But when and how should I use it?”
	“Why do you guys always get the good stuff?” Liam asked, “Marik’s a vampire and Clover can use magic. All I can do is throw a spear.”
	“Don’t feel too bad Liam.” Marik said
	“Young lady.” Mr. D said, “I will give you a book containing all the runes ever written. All you have to do is memorize the important ones.”
	“Thank you, Lord Dracula.” Clover said
	“You three should get going while it’s still dark.” Mr. said, “Your hunting outfits should also function as riding suits.”
	“We will.” Marik said, “Thank you for all your help.”
	“It is my duty. I do it gladly.” Mr. D said
	“Let’s go guys.” Liam said. They exchanged goodbyes and left the castle. 
	“Where should we go next Marik?” Liam asked
	“The castle of Bucharest, where the war took place.” Marik said
	“Let’s get started then.” Clover said as they prepared to leave. “We have a long way to go.” The trip to Bucharest was eventful apart from the occasional wolf howling in the distance.
	After a while, Liam said, “I’m bored. This ride couldn’t get any worse.”
	“Be quiet Liam.” Clover said, “Something bad always happens when people say that.”
	It turns out Clover was right.

Chapter Seven
Just as Clover said that, a pack of 3 wolves came out of the forest. The trio drew their weapons and the wolves stood on their hind legs, the leader 7 feet tall, the others 6 feet.
	“What do we have here?” the leader asked, “Three novice hunters looking for a fight?”
	“Who are you?” Marik asked
	“Our names are not of importance to someone of your status.” the leader said, “However, we know who you are.”
	“Who am I then?” Marik asked
	“You’re a vampire, a strong one.” the leader said
	“My name is Marik, prince of the vampires and slayer of Domotix and Charix Lyon!” The wolves hissed.
	“My brothers!” the leader said, “I’ve been hunting you since that night and I’ve finally found you!”
	“Marik, what is he talking about?” Clover asked
	“Such a pretty girl, she would make an excellent maid.” the leader said, moving towards Clover.
	Marik stepped between them. “Leave her out of this, or your brother’s contaminated blood is not the only I will shed!”
	“You speak bold.” the leader said, “Let’s see if you fight as well as you talk!”
	Marik drew his sword and advanced. The wolf sprinted towards him. Marik’s eyes turned red. His fangs showed. He hissed. “Fight me!”
	“With pleasure!” The other wolves attacked Liam and Clover. Liam threw his spear and it landed in the wolf’s heart. Clover shot 2 arrows into the other wolf’s head.
	“Too easy.” Liam boasted
	“They were weak.” the leader said, “They deserved to die.”
	“How can you say that about your family?” Clover asked, shouting.
	Marik sneered, “This one’s mine. I’ll kill you just as fast.”
	“Let’s see you try then!” the leader shouted. He slashed his claws at Marik. Marik slashed his sword upwards, meeting the claws. Marik sidestepped and cut the wolf’s chest. The wolf howled. He kicked Marik’s leg. Marik stumbled then jumped and stabbed the wolf in his heart. The wolf fell with a screeching howl. Marik cut the wolf’s tail and cleaned his sword with it.
	“Good.” Marik said, “You deserved to die too.”
	“We didn’t even get to know his name,” Clover said
	“Like he said.” Marik stated, “His name is not of importance to someone of your status. We are hunters, they are beasts. Beasts deserve no names.”
	“It’s not like you to say that Marik.” Liam said
	“You didn’t have to say that Marik.” Clover said, “That was mean.”
	“You’re both still soft.” Marik said, “Change that if you want to survive as a hunter. Or go home.” Then his eyes changed back to blue.
	“We’re not soft Marik.” Liam said, “Unlike you, we have a soul.”
	“Stop it Liam. You’re being just as mean.” Clover said
	“We need to get out of here.” Marik said, “Clover, use the rune of fire to destroy the bodies.”
	“After the two of you apologize.” Clover said, affirmatively.
	“Fine. I apologize.” Marik said
	“Good.” Clover said, “Liam?”
	“I’m sorry.” Liam said
	“Good boys.” Clover said. She wrote the rune for fire on the ground where the wolves’ bodies were. Her eyes changed to yellow. She put the blood from the wolves on the rune.
	“Fire!” Clover shouted and the bodies of the wolves blazed with white flames. When the flames died, not even ashes were left.
	“Why were the flames white?” Clover asked, out of breath.
	“The colour of the flame varies from person to person.” Marik said
	“Ok. But why did her eyes change from green to yellow?” Liam asked
	“When someone, vampire or not, uses magic, their eyes change to yellow.” Clover said, “Were you even paying attention during the mental training Liam?”
	“Anyway.” Liam said, “Marik, the names you called, Domotrix and Charix. Who are they?”
	“Two alpha male wolves I killed during a hunting trip in the 15thcentury.” Marik said
	“I thought you said that beasts don’t deserve names.” Liam said, “Why know theirs?”
	“Because they killed 2 infants.” Marik said, “So we took care to learn theirs and kill them before they did more harm.”
	“And the wolf you just killed was their brother?” Clover asked
	“Yes, he was.” Marik said, “He’s been looking for me since then.”
	“Wow, that’s long.” Liam said, jokingly.
	“So where are we going next? Clover asked
	“The Castle of Bucharest.” Marik said, “The scene of the war.”
	“That’s at least one day away from here.” Clover stated, looking at her map. “We need to get going then.”
	They got on the ATVs and set out to the castle. When they reached half way, they stopped at a local tavern, The Black Cape, for refreshments. The tavern owner, a short, stocky, bald man with dark skin hue and blue eyes, saw the trio and called them over. They exchanged greeting and ordered sandwiches and drinks. During the meal, the owner asked, “So where are you three from?”
	“America.” Clover said, “We’re final year high school students.”
	“We’re here to study the War of Bucharest.” Liam added
	“That’s good.” The owner said, “The war was interesting, right Marik?”
	“Do you know me?” Marik asked
	“Yes, I do.” The owner said, “But I remember you with red eyes.”
	“Like this?” Marik asked, turning his eyes red, fangs starting to show.
	“Yes.” The owner said, “I see time has not touched you. You’re still 18.”
	“Forgive me.” Marik said, “But I don’t remember you.”
	“Maybe he taught you or something.” Clover said
	“I did.” The owner said, “I was his biology teacher.”
	“Oh ok, I remember you now.” Marik said, “But I remember you with hair.”
	The owner laughed. “Unlike you, young one, time has not blessed me.”
	“So if you’re a biology teacher, why run a tavern?” Liam asked
	“With your ‘modern’ medicine, the world has no need for my teaching.” The owner said, “And you say you’re American, but you’re dressed like hunters.”
	“I’ll explain.” Marik said, “But it’s a long story.”
	“Well I’ll get some more food and then we’ll talk.” The owner said. He served the food and Marik relayed the events from the book store up to the fight a few moments ago. “I see. History is repeating itself.” 
	“What?” Clover asked
	“That is exactly how it happened all those years ago.” The owner said, “You got the book and read the prophecy. However, while your soul split from your body then, you have regained it now.”
	“So how old are you exactly Marik?” Liam asked
	“My body is 18, but my soul is a little younger than the war.” Marik said
	“Didn’t your knee get injured during the fight Marik?” Clover asked
	“Yeah it did.” Marik said, “But its feeling better now.”
	“Let me help you with that.” The owner said, “After all, I was a doctor.”
	“Thank you.” Marik said. The owner led the trio into a small room in the back. In the room, there was an operating table and another small table with books scattered around it. Marik laid down on the table and the owner opened one of the books and started speaking some of the runes out of the book. Marik’s knee started to glow with white light.
	“What did you do?” Liam asked
	“He used the rune of healing.” Clover said
	“You’re a magic user, girl?” the owner said
	“Yes.” Clover said, “How is your knee feeling Marik?”
	“It’s back to normal.” Marik said, “Thank you.”
	“It is my duty.” The owner said
	“Shouldn’t we get going now?” Clover asked
	“Yeah. We should.” Marik said. They exchanged goodbyes and went on their way. The next day, the finally reached the castle.

Chapter Eight
They got off the ATVs and stepped under the yellow caution tape and opened the gate, the hinges making a stressing sound as it moved. The castle was about the same size as Dracula’s Castle, but was made with normal brown stones, overall, it was unremarkable.
	“Why fight over this castle?” Liam asked, “You guys already had a castle. And it looks way better than this one.”
	“We didn’t fight over this castle.” Marik said, “We fought over control of Romania.”
	“The castle was just located here.” Clover said. Marik started walking towards the interior of the castle, followed by Clover and Liam. When they got to the center of the hall, Marik knelled on a white, circular carpet in a zombie-like trance, his face stricken with pain. The memories of the war jolted around in his mind, the relentless bloodshed and fighting and death. Bodies of dead wolves being burned and the ashes thrown in the river. The burials of slain vampires being laid to rest at an ancient burial ground. The lightning flashing across the black night sky.
	“Marik!” Liam shouted, shaking him.
	“W-What happened?” Marik asked, dazed.
	“You’ve been knelling there for 15 minutes with your face grimaced like a gargoyle.” Liam said
	“What happened Marik?” Clover asked
	“The memories of the war. They came back.” Marik said
	“All of it?” Liam asked
	“Yeah. Down to every drop of blood.” Marik responded, getting up.
	“So do you feel any different?” Clover asked
	“Not really.” Marik said, “But now I remember who I truly am. I am a vampire, fully and completely and no one will stand in my way.”
	“Is that so?” a male voice asked
	“What was that?” Clover asked
	“Not what, young lady, who.” The voice answered
	“Cut the crap and show yourself you coward!” Liam shouted
	“As you wish.” The voice said. Suddenly, the trio collapsed.
	Hours later, they awoke in a small, dark, damp cell with a rat crawling around it. Their hands and feet were bound in chains, shackled to the wall. The air around the cell smelt musty and without a window, the very air felt like death and decay.
	“Why does my head hurt?” Liam asked, barely awake.
	“Where are we?” Clover asked
	“I feel like I know this place.” Marik said
	“Ah, my guests are finally awake.” the voice said as the person entered the room. The voice belonged to a tall, pale man with black hair, red eyes and red lips. He wore black leather pants and a black shirt with a red cape, carrying a long, double-edged sword in a black hilt with a silver handle. He had an aura of evil and impurity all around him.
	“You’re a vampire.” Marik said, “And by your cape, you’re a fallen hunter as well.”
	“I am. My name is Shanver and I will be your master.”
	“Over my dead body!” Marik exclaimed. His eyes turned red and his fangs showed. He broke the chains around him.
	“You.” Shanver said, “You should be dead!”
	“Guess I came back to kill you.” Marik said, “And I remember you, you were our guide on that hunting trip.”
	Marik broke off Clover’s and Liam’s chains. “So why kidnap us if you know each other so well?” Clover asked
	“It’s simple really.” Shanver said, “He was always out-shining everyone. It’s bad enough that he was prince, but there had to be a prophecy about him in the Great Book.”
	“So you’re jealous.” Liam said
	“You sent the wolves after us.” Marik said, “And when you heard they were dead, you took matters into your own hands.”
	“Excellent hypothesis.” Shanver said
	“But how did you know where to find us?” Marik asked
	“Your aunt told me.” Shanver said, “She was most cooperative once I killed Nickolai in front of her. I left her tied up and gagged like the slut she is.”
	“You BASTARD!” Marik shouted, enraged. “I’ll kill you!!” Marik let his vampiric half fully take over for the first time. The ripped open the bars of the cell with his hands and slowly walked towards Shanver. Shanver drew his sword and advanced. “I don’t need my sword. You’re not worth it.” Marik said, impassively. Shanver thrust his sword at Marik. Marik stood there and hit the sword with his elbow. The blade broke, landing with a clang. “Is that really all you got?” Marik said, “Time to say your last words, you weak excuse for a vampire!” Just as he said that, Marik thrust a wooden stick he found on the floor into Shanver’s chest. Shanver let out a sound like metal keys running on metal. He collapsed. Marik pulled out his heart and crushed it in his hand, leaving it bloody. An aura of evil engulfed him. “That was for my uncle.”
	A wolf came in, walked past Marik and went over to Liam. The wolf knelled. “Welcome home, Prince Liam.”
	“Who, me?” Liam asked, confused.
	“Do you know your full name?” the wolf asked
	“Liam Alexandrio.”
	“No, it is not.” the wolf said, “Look at your birthmark, the one on your chest.”
	Liam opened his shirt and looked at his chest. A brown mark in the shape of a wolf’s paw appeared. “That wasn’t there before?!” Liam said, shocked.
	“You’re a Lyon.” the wolf said, “Just like your fanged friend; your powers have been lying dormant and have awoken.”
	“See Liam, your special too.” Clover said
	“I’m…prince?” Liam asked
	“Yes you are.” the wolf said, “The crowned prince, and the Lyon’s have been without their prince for far too long.”
	“So what should I do?” Liam asked
	“Come and lead us, my lord.” the wolf said, “I will be back in one hour. Answer me then.” The wolf walked out. Marik cleaned his hands and went back into the cell, but sat apart from Clover and Liam, tired and exhausted. With some resistance, his eyes changed to blue.
	After a while, Liam broke the deafening silence. “What do you guy’s thing I should do?”
	“I don’t care.” Marik said, coldly.
	“Are you ok Marik?” Clover asked, moving closer to him.
	“Let him do whatever he wants.” Marik said, “It’s his choice.”
	“What about you Clover?” Liam asked
	“If you want to go, you can.” Clover said, “They’re your family after all.”

Chapter Nine
After the hour passed, the wolf came back. “May I know your answer, young prince?”
	“I am staying.” Liam said, “And I will rule.”
	“Wise choice.” the wolf said. He presented Liam with his family crest, a gold L encased in a circle, and pinned it onto his clothes. “Come with me and meet your people.”
	“What about my friends?” Liam asked
	“They may leave.” the wolf said, “But must leave by dawn.”
	“Thank you.” Clover said
	“I wouldn’t want to stay here with you infidels away.” Marik said with distaste.
	The wolf looked at Marik with scorn, “Do not start with me, blood drinker. You may leave immediately. You are not welcome in our courts.”
	“Let’s go Clover, before I get tempted to beat the crap out of him.” Marik said
	“Fine, but I’m saying goodbye to Liam first.”
	“Make it quick, we’ve got a lot to do.” Marik said. Clover hugged Liam and told him goodbye. Then they went on their way. 
	When they reached far enough from the castle, Clover asked, “What happened to you back there Marik? You were a monster.”
	“I made Yami take over.” Marik said, “I was angry, too angry. You heard him, he killed my uncle.”
	“We don’t know that for sure.” Clover said, “We should go check. Maybe he just wanted to fight you.”
	“Ok, we will.” Marik said, “What you saw back there was my true power. It is my strongest state, but I lose all contact with my human half. It’s like I couldn’t even move without Yami telling me to move.”
	“It was scary.” Clover said, “I don’t want to see you like that again.”
	“You won’t, I promise.” Marik said, “We should go to my aunt now. The sooner the better.”
	“I still want to know what Shanver was doing with the wolves.” Clover said
	“Me too.” Marik said, “But I think my aunt can explain.” Clover nodded as they rode off, side by side. They made their way back to the house as fast as possible, stopping only to refuel. When they finally reached the house, it was in ruins.
	The windows on both floors were all shattered, the door hanging on one hinge. They went inside, stepping over broken glass and remains of small tables. All the TVs had holes punched through them; cords lay on entwined with each other. “Aunt Sandra?!” Marik shouted, scouting through the rubble. “Aunt Sandra?!”
	“Miss Sandra?!” Clover shouted, “Where are you?!” They heard a soft, muffled sound followed by a loud bang coming from the upstairs master bedroom. They flew up the chairs. The door was locked. Marik kicked it open. Sandra was tied to the bedpost, her arms and legs toed together, a rag stuffed in her mouth. Marik pulled the rag out of her mouth while Clover undid the knots. When Sandra regained herself, she said, “Thank God you came when you did, or I didn’t know what I would have done.”
	“You’ll be ok.” Marik said. Then he saw it. The body of his uncle Nickolai, with a steak through his heart and his throat slashed, lying on the bed, swimming on the body sheets. “That monster!”
	“What happened to you two, and where’s Liam?” Sandra asked
	“Let me explain.” Clover said. She told Sandra about the capture at Bucharest, Marik’s fight with Shanver and the surprise with Liam, all while Marik stood over his uncle’s dead body, staring at it.
	“So that’s what happened.” Sandra said, “I expected as much. I’m so glad you two are ok.”
	“But what was Shanver doing with the wolves?” Clover asked
	“He was their leader.” Sandra said, “He assumed the Lyon’s throne under false pretenses.”
	“So he only came here looking for me?” Marik asked, going to where they were.
	“Yes. Once he heard that the Great Book was gone from the gift shop, he knew you had come back.” Sandra said, “And not only that, Shanver wanted to be prince.”
	“So he wanted to kill me.” Marik said, “Guess I can cross him off that list.”
	“What should we do with Liam?” Clover asked Sandra.
	“He is the enemy.” Sandra said, “And in order to end this war, you must kill him Marik, only you can.”
	“You can’t do that Marik.” Clover said, “He’s our friend.”
	“He is a Lyon.” Marik stated, “He is no friend of mine. I will kill him.”
	“Sandra, you can’t let him do that?!” Clover said, her face wrought with emotion. “It’s just not right.”
	“Clover, my dear girl.” Sandra said, putting her hand on Clover’s shoulder. “You should not let your emotions blind you from reality. You are a hunter of the finest class. Let your aim stay true.”
	“What do you mean?” Clover asked
	“As I said before, know who the real enemy is.” Sandra said, “And now you do.”
	“So what should we do now?” Marik asked
	“You have fulfilled the first part of the prophecy.” Sandra said, “So move on to the next. But I warn you, it will not be as easy.”
	“I do not wish it to be easy.” Marik said
	“Go back to Dracula’s Castle.” Sandra said, “He will give you more advice.”
	“Thank you.” Clover said, “But we can’t just leave you here.”
	“Do not worry, my child, I will go to my parent’s house on the other side of the country, in Lasi.”
	“How will you get there?” Marik asked
	“Your uncle got me a Mazda for my birthday last year.” Sandra said, “It’s in the basement.” 
	“Why in the basement?” Clover asked
	“Because I never had any use for it.” Sandra said, “And it’s brand new.” They exchanged goodbyes and Marik went to the ATVs. Sandra called Clover back. She gave Clover a gold necklace with a silver rose attached. “My mother gave this to me when I was your age. She said it made young woman have good fortune.”
	“Wow…Thank you.” Clover said, putting it on. “But are you sure I deserve it?”
	“You are so much like me child.” Sandra said, “Like the daughter I never had. I would be proud if you wore it.” She gave Clover a kiss on the cheek. “You should get going now. You have a long way to go.”
	Marik came back and exchanged goodbyes with his aunt. After Sandra left, Marik and Clover put a rune of protection on the front and back doors, so only they and Sandra could enter the house. “Just in case anyone else has anymore bright ideas.” Marik said as they went back to the ATVs. 
	“Marik something’s wrong with my ATV.” Clover said, trying to start it.
	“Let me take a look at it.” Marik said, checking the engine. After a few minutes, Marik wiped his faced and went over to Clover, sitting on a stool. “There’s nothing I can do Clover. It’s broken. We’re gonna have to get you a new one.”
	“Or I could just ride with you Marik.” Clover said, somewhat innocently.
	“Yeah. I didn’t think about that.” Marik said
	“Let’s get going then.” Clover said. Marik got on the ATV first and started it. Clover came on after and wrapped her hands around Marik’s waist. “Don’t worry. I’m holding on tight.” Marik smiled and they rode towards the castle.

Chapter Ten
On the way back to the castle, they stopped at a motel, Castle Rock, to rest for the night. Marik paid for the room and put theirs bags in.
	“You look tired Clover. You should get some rest.” Marik said
	“Trust me, I will.” Clover said, “You should too.”
	“I will.” Marik said, “After I drink. Crushing Shanver’s heart and watching the blood gush out and flow down my hands made me realize that I need to drink. I’ve deprived myself of it for too long.”
	“Fine. But don’t be too long.” Clover said, “And don’t remind me of Shanver and what you did to him. It will give me nightmares.”
	“I promise I won’t be long.” Marik said, “Use the bank card and order anything you want.”
	“By the time you get back I’ll be sleeping.” Clover said
	“Enjoy your rest then.” Marik said, hugging her. “Keep safe.”
	“Don’t worry.” Clover said, “Remember, I’m a hunter.”
	“You’re also my friend.” Marik said, “I’ll see you later.”
	After Marik left, Clover changed into a black nightgown and went into bed. She ordered strawberry cheesecake from room service. When it came, she thanked the lady that delivered it and went back to bed. The cake was on a metal tray decorated with a single white rose in a clear vase. The cake itself had strawberry filling and was drizzled with chocolate. Clover turned on the TV, skipping channels to find a good movie, nibbling at the cake. After a few minutes, she started watching one of the Underworld movies, Evolution.
	“Marik’s favourite.” Clover watched the movie in its entirety, eating away at the cheesecake and making comments about the protagonist, Serene, on how she fought, dressed and her overall mannerism. “I’m just like her.” Clover realized, “Except I’m blond. But I always wanted to dye my hair black. Should I?” Clover thought to herself. “I’ll ask Marik what he thinks tomorrow.”
	When the movie finished, Clover put the empty tray on the side table and went to sleep, pulling the sheets over herself. During her sleep, Clover dreamed that she was at someone’s funeral in Romania. She was at a church painted white and decorated with red, shimmering yards of cloth around the pillars at the entrance. She tried calling to someone, but he could not hear her. She tried to touch him, but her hand passed through the man. Surprised, she looked at herself, still in her black nightgown. “I’m…transparent.” Then the coffin was brought into the church and placed in front of the alter. Then it was opened. Someone looking like Clover was in the coffin, wearing a short, blue, strapless dress, her blond hair combed in her usual ponytail braid. “B-But I’m not dead.” Clover said, “And I don’t have a twin sister.” It was Clover, in the dress that her father refused to buy for her, saying it was too provocative. “Oh, now he buys it for me, when I can’t even see how good it looks on me.”
	Clover rested her head on what appeared to be her chest. She heard a faint beating sound. After everyone left, Marik came in, kissed her, ran a finger on her neck, and then bit her. The body then came out of the coffin. Clover saw herself with red eyes and fangs. “I’m alive…and a vampire.” Clover said. Then she faded out. She appeared in a place she did not know. “Where am I?” The scene around her was a circular, burnt out section of a forest. Nothing but fallen, blacken trees remained, with no signs of life. Her eyes focused on something new that appeared. Liam and Marik were standing, facing each other. Liam changed into his wolf form and Marik’s eyes turned red. Liam attacked Marik with his claws. Clover ran between them just as the claws came down. Clover screamed and landed into Marik’s arms, with 4 deep wounds that stretched across her chest. Marik looked at Liam, letting Yami take over. Marik drew his sword, summoning Dracula’s power from the sword. Lightning danced across the black sky, striking the sword. Marik advanced slowly towards Liam, prolonging the death sentence. Marik then sprinted towards Liam. He jumped. Liam crossed his paws over his chest, trying to protect himself. Marik’s sword went straight through Liam’s paws and landed in his heart, the lightning running into Liam’s body, incinerating him, killing him. Liam’s charred body landed with a thud, fur smoking. Marik picked up Clover’s body, carrying her into a small, abandoned house a distance away from the section of the forest they were at. Marik put her down on the bed, his blue eyes bloodshot. 
	“So that’s how I died.” Clover said, “But that means…Liam’s going to die too and permanently.” Clover appeared back to the church, where she was standing outside with Marik, embracing him. Marik stared into Clover’s eyes. They kissed, Marik’s hands on her waist, Clover’s arms wrapped around his neck, resting on his shoulders. They kissed for what seemed like hours, Marik’s right hand stroking Clover’s hair. “I think it’s time for me to wake up now.”
	Clover felt someone touch her. She awoke with a start. “Good morning.” Marik said, “What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
	“I’m ok.” Clover said, “You just startled me.”
	“You sure?” Marik asked
	“Yeah. I’m fine.” Clover said
	“Ok.” Marik said, “Can you do me a favour?”
	“Sure. What is it?” Clover asked
	“We need some supplies.” Marik said, “Just some more food so we don’t need to stop again until we reach the castle. Can you get them please?”
	“No problem.” Clover said, “You should get some rest while I’m gone.”
	“I will.” Marik said, “You don’t have to wear your hunter outfit if you don’t want to.”
	“I’ll wear it, just not the cloak.” Clover said, “Do you think I should dye my hair black?”
	“If you want to.” Marik said, “But you look perfect just the way you are.”
	“Thanks Marik.” Clover said as she went into the shower. She smiled at Marik and closed the door. Marik turned on the TV. After half an hour, Marik was sleeping and Clover came out of the shower, a towel wrapped around her. She put on her clothes and combed her hair in her usual style. She took up the bank card and went out of the room.
	The nearest supermarket was 2 miles away so Clover took the ATV. When she reached the supermarket, it was just like an American convenience store. Clover took a shopping basket and went down the various isles, taking what she wanted. She went to the cashier. As Clover was taking the food out of her basket, a spiky haired thug dressed in black and wearing dark glasses came up to her. Seeing the necklace Clover was wearing, the thug said, “Damn girl, nice necklace.” Clover ignored him and continued to take out the food.
	“Don’t you hear me talking, you little bitch?!” the thug said, grabbing onto Clover ass. “That should get your attention.”
	“Get your hand off me.” Clover said, irritated tension in her voice.
	“Or you’ll do what?” the thug said, slapping Clover’s ass, “You seem to like when I do it.”
	Angered, Clover put down the basket. “I’ll give you something to like you perv!” Clover punched him in the gut then spin-kicked him at his neck. The thug fell, coughing up blood. “Serves you right.” Clover said as she paid for the food.
	“Where did you learn to fight like that?” the cashier, a woman no older than 25, with a dark hue and black hair asked Clover.
	“In America.” Clover lied, “I have a black belt in karate.” The police came in, followed by Marik.
	“Clover! Are you ok?” Marik asked, hugging her.
	“I’m fine.” Clover said, “It’s just some perv that tried to rob me.” The officer came over.
	“What is your name miss?”
	“Clover Tenfon.”
	“Very well Ms. Tenfon. Please tell me what happened here.” The officer said. Clover told the officer everything that happened. “I’m sorry that had to happen to you Ms. Tenfon. And on your first visit to Romania.”
	“Will you press charges, Clover?” Marik asked
	“No. That won’t be necessary, Marik.” Clover said, “I bet him pretty bad anyway.”
	“Is this young lady your friend, Marik?” the officer asked
	“More than a friend.” Marik said
	“Well then, I’ll make sure that he’s not going to be doing that to anyone else anytime soon.” The officer said
	“Do you two know each other?” Clover asked
	“He was my uncle’s best friend.” Marik said
	“I’m still very sorry for your loss Marik.” The officer said, “Nickolai Darkblade was a good man.”
	“Wait a minute.” The cashier said, “You mean the mayor is dead?!”
	“Yes, unfortunately.” The officer said
	“I’m very sorry for your loss, young man.” The cashier said
	“Thank you.” Marik said, “Clover, we need to go now.”
	“Where are you two going?” the officer asked
	“Bran, Dracula’s Castle.” Clover said
	“Ok. As an apology for what happened today, I’ll be more than happy to give you a police escort.”
	“Thank you.” Marik said. They went back to the motel, got their bags, checked out of the room and went on their way to the castle, escorted by a train of 6 police officers on bikes.

Chapter Eleven 
While all of this was happening, Liam was being prepared to assume the Lyon’s throne. His hunter’s outfit was burned and he was given the usual were wolf outfit; a simple cotton shirt and pants. At first, Liam had trouble adjusting to his new environment. However, as his training started, Liam excelled at everything; ranges from fighting techniques, using his environment and transforming. After his training was complete, he was crowned as prince and was put in charge of a squad. The wolves use these squads as scouts and hunters for taking over new areas of the forest and defending against attacks, with Liam at the head. On returning victorious from a recent raid on the North East section of the forest, Liam went to speak to the head alpha male, Sherwin. They met in the meeting hall, a large, circular wooden building with a conical stone roof. Inside the hall was bare, no tables or chairs, just bare dirt.
	“Ah, my young prince.” Sherwin said, “Returning victorious I presume?”
	“As expected.” Liam said, “Can I talk to you about something?”
	“Sure, what is it?” Sherwin asked
	“Something’s been bugging me.” Liam said, “I want to know about my past.”
	“Where should I start?” Sherwin asked, “It’s a complicated topic.”
	“Start with an explanation.” Liam said, “How could I not know that I’m a werewolf?” 
	“Just like the Darkblade prince, your soul was split from your body in the 15thcentury.” Sherwin said, “And you have regained it now.”
	“So how come Marik’s powers awakened before mine?” Liam asked
	“His awoken when he read the prophecy.” Sherwin said, “While yours awoken when you saw the death of a vampire.”
	“How does that work?” Liam asked
	“Did you feel different when you saw Shanver’s death?” Sherwin asked
	“Yes…I did.” Liam said, “I felt a rush of energy, like my blood was rushing into every part of my part at the same time.”
	“That was the moment your birthmark appeared.” Sherwin said
	“So why didn’t I transform then?” Liam asked
	“For your first turn, as you know, you needed the full moon’s energy.” Sherwin said, “Afterwards, you do not need the full moon to transform.”
	“So why did my soul split from my body in the 15thcentury?” Liam asked
	“A vampire casted a rune of separation on you.” Sherwin said, “And he sent your soul to this, the 21th century. While you were fighting, it is said that a group of young vampires attacked you and knocked you out. They carried you to an area of the forest where their magic is amplified.”
	“And it was there that they casted the rune on me.” Liam said, “But why?”
	“We don’t know.” Sherwin said, “Even now it is still a mystery.” 
	“Do these vampires still live?” Liam asked
	“I do not know, young prince. Most of the blood drinkers have fled Romania, along with most of our young wolves. They wanted a new life, away from the war.”
	“So how will I take my revenge?” Liam asked, anger in his eyes.
	“Only one vampire could have approved that kind of attack.” Sherwin said, “Your friend, the Darkblade prince.”
	“He is a vampire, and no friend of mine.” Liam said, “And I will kill him for what he did to me!”
	“Very well. But you must go alone.” Sherwin said, “However, you are not strong enough to face him in battle.”
	“What do you mean?” Liam asked, “I’ve seen him fight.”
	“Yes, you have. But you have not yet seen his full power.” Sherwin said, “He is even stronger now than in the15thcentury.”
	“And I will be too.” Liam said, “Give me more power, and I will give you his fangs when I rip them from his dead body!”
	A young girl, about Liam’s age, came into the hall. She wore a blue cotton blouse and a short, blue skirt. Her skin was light, but tanned from long hours working in the sun. Her long, black hair and green eyes caressed her face, giving her an air of mystery. “Father, the elders call you to a meeting.” Seeing Liam, she knelled, “Forgive me Father, I did not know you were in the presence of such high company.”
	“You have no need to knell before me.” Liam said, “Your beauty is as princely as my status.”
	“Thank you.” The girl said, blushing then getting up.
	“Liam, this is my daughter, Torrie.” Sherwin said, “She is the pride and joy of my old age.”
	“Father, the meeting.” Torrie said
	“Right. I will go.” Sherwin said, “I’ll leave you two to get better acquainted. Liam, we will continue our discussion later.”
	“That’s ok.” Liam said, “What is this meeting about?”
	“I do not know.” Sherwin said, “But I will keep you informed.”
	“Thank you.” Liam said as Sherwin left. “Torrie, how come I’ve never seen you around the other wolves?”
	“My dad’s a bit too overprotective when it comes to me.” Torrie said, “You heard him, I’m his ‘pride and joy’.”
	“Your father is a good man.” Liam said, “I’m sure he only has your best interest in his mind.”
	“I hope so.” Torrie said, somewhat sad, “Let’s talk about you.”
	“What about me?” Liam asked
	“I want to know what you are really like.” Torrie said, playing with her hair. “What makes you who you are, apart from being the prince?”
	“Ok. But it’s a long story.” Liam said, “We should go somewhere more private.”
	“The forest. I know a spot where no one else goes.” Torrie said
	“Really? How?” Liam asked
	“I spend a lot of time in the forest.” Torrie said, “Now let’s go.” They came out of the meeting hall, Torrie taking the lead. They left the village and came upon a nearby forest. They walked for what seemed like half a mile, taking shortcuts Torrie always saw. They reached an area bathed in sunlight, the thickest section of the forest. Torrie found a path she had made earlier. It led them to a man-made clearing with a river and a waterfall running alongside it. The clearing had logs fashioned like stools and a fireplace. The clearing was protected by the trees that encompassed it and it could not be seen from the outside.
	“You’re very resourceful Torrie.” Liam said, looking around.
	“Thank you.” Torrie said, “But I think it’s because I have too much time on my hands. Sit down and tell me about yourself.” Liam told her about America and his life there, his likes and dislikes. “That’s great.” Torrie said, “We’re a lot alike then.”
	“Yeah we are.” Liam said, “Can I ask you something?”
	“Sure. What is it?” Torrie asked
	“When you were talking to your dad, why talk to him so formally?” Liam asked
	“My dad insisted.” Torrie said, “He said it was more lady-like.”
	“I can tell you don’t like it.” Liam said
	“Really? You’re the first person that could understand how I felt.” Torrie said, “Because of that, no one talked to me.”
	“Well they missed out on a lot.” Liam said, moving closer to Torrie.
	Torrie blushed. “You’re not what I expected a prince to be like.”
	“What did you expect a prince to be like?” Liam asked
	“You know.” Torrie said, “All stuck up without their own life. You’re more like one of us. I like that.” Liam and Torrie smiled at each other as dusk crept into the sky.
	“I think we need to go now.” Torrie said, “Before my dad sends a scouting party to find me.” Liam nodded, laughing. They made it back to the village by nightfall. Liam walked Torrie home, where they found her dad waiting at the door.
	“Where have you been Torrie?” Sherwin asked
	“She was in the forest with me.” Liam said, “Just showing me around.”
	“Is that true Torrie?” Sherwin asked
	“Yes father. We were only talking.” Torrie said
	“Well, thank you for taking good care of my daughter Liam.” Sherwin said, “Just don’t keep her out so late next time.”
	“I won’t.” Liam said. Sherwin nodded as he went back inside the house, leaving Liam and Torrie outside.
	“Anyway, thanks for a great time Liam.” Torrie said, giving Liam a kiss on his cheek. “We should do it again sometime.”
	“Yeah, we should.” Liam said as Torrie said goodbye and went inside. Liam made his way back to the castle, went up to his room, and closed the door. “Now I know how Marik felt about Clover.” Liam thought to himself, “But Torrie is just like Clover, the same temptations.”
	“Excuse me, prince.” An attendant said, knocking. “You have a letter.”
	“Who is it from?” Liam asked
	“Someone called Torrie.” The attendant responded
	“Come in, the door is open.” Liam said. The attendant came in, gave Liam the letter, bowed and left, locking the door. The letter was encased in a white envelope, with ‘From Torrie to Liam’ written on it with black ink. Liam opened the envelope and pulled out the letter written on an index card. It read; ‘Meet me in the clearing tomorrow at noon. Have a surprise for you. Love, Torrie.’ A rose-pink, lip shaped smudge was at the bottom right corner of the card. “Must be my lucky day.” Liam said as he went into bed and fell asleep, dreaming about Torrie.
	The next day, a few minutes after noon, Liam finally reached the clearing. Torrie wasn’t there. “Torrie?” Liam said, “Are you here?” Suddenly, a figure walked out from behind the waterfall. It was Torrie, with her long hair loose and wet. She was wearing a red bikini, a flower in her hair.
	“You’re late Liam.” Torrie said, “It’s rude to keep a lady waiting.”
	“Wow Torrie.” Liam said, “And I thought only angels looked that good.”
	“Thanks.” Torrie said, blushing. “That makes up for you being late. Do you like your surprise?”
	“I’m speechless. You look great.” Liam said, sitting on the bank.
	“Well don’t be shy. Come join me.” Torrie said, pulling Liam into the river.
	“Wow, its cold.” Liam said after coming from under the water.
	“Don’t be a baby.” Torrie said, jokingly. “Let’s see who can swim faster.”
	“Does the winner get a reward?” Liam asked
	“Hmmm, let’s see.” Torrie said, “The winner gets a kiss.”
	“I’ll make sure I win then.” Liam said, “And get those sweet lips.”
	“We’ll see about that.” Torrie said, “Ready…Go!” She went off, leaving Liam behind. After 5 minutes, Liam caught up with Torrie, near to the end of the river. Liam slowed down and let Torrie win.
	“Yay I win!” Torrie shouted
	“I let you win!” Liam shouted to her.
	“Oh please, you know I’m a better swimmer.” Torrie said
	“Ok. You’re a better swimmer.” Liam said, resting on the bank of the river.
	“Shouldn’t I be getting a reward right about now?” Torrie asked sarcastically.
	“You should.” Liam said as Torrie came and sat beside him. Liam stared into Torrie’s eyes. They kissed, Torrie’s hand stroking Liam’s thigh, Liam’s hand stroking Torrie’s hair, running it down to her back. Torrie moved her hand up to Liam’s chest. They kissed for what seemed like hours, drawing the breath out of each other.

Chapter Twelve
When Marik and Clover reached the castle, it was already dusk. Marik thanked the police officers as they rode off. The officer who offered the escort, who they learned was the head officer, Longman, called them over. He gave Marik a small box about 6 inches in length and 5 inches wide. Marik opened the box. “A pistol?” Marik asked, “Why give it to me?”
	“It was your uncle’s.” Longman said, “He modified it to shoot silver bullets.”
	“You know my uncle was a vampire?” Marik asked
	“As I said before, he was my best friend.” Longman said, “And I’m a vampire too, but don’t say anything about that to anyone.”
	“Prove it.” Marik said drawing his sword from the hilt attached to his belt.
	“No need to draw that sword.” Longman said as his eyes turned red, fangs appearing.
	Marik put back the sword. “So why give me the pistol?”
	“Because you’ll need it.” Longman said, “He gave me 2 before he died, so I guess your girlfriend can have the other one.”
	“What are you trying to say?!” Clover said, “And I’m not his girlfriend!”
	“Just that I’m not sure a pistol would be any good in your hands.” Longman said
	“Why, just because I’m a girl?” Clover asked, “I can shoot better than most of your men in those tacky uniforms.” After hearing this, Longman went to his bike, took out an apple and walked back to them.
	“Since you say you can shoot, prove it.” Longman said, “Shoot the apple from my head without hitting me. You’ve only got one shot in the clip.”
	“Sure.” Clover said, “But don’t make it too easy. Go at least 100 feet away from here.”
	“Fine.” Longman said, “Good luck. You’ll need it.” He walked exactly 100 feet away and faced forward. “Anytime you’re ready girl!” Clover held up the pistol steady in her hands. She closed one eye and aimed at the faint image of the apple in the distance. She shot. The bullet glided through the air and went all the way through the apple, the shell landing at Longman’s feet.
	“Nice shot Clover.” Marik said
	“As always.” Clover said. Longman walked over to them, remains of the apple on his shirt. He cleaned his shirt and gave Clover the second pistol.
	“Good shooting young lady.” Longman said, “Maybe you should join the force.”
	“In another century.” Clover said, “And besides, hunting werewolves is more fun.”
	“Just a suggestion.” Longman said, “I need to go now. I got a call about 4 bags of blood missing from the blood bank.”
	“You should go investigate it then.” Clover said
	“I will. Good luck with the prophecy Marik.” Longman said
	“I don’t need luck.” Marik said as Longman rode off. They strapped the pistols onto the holders on their belts and went into the castle. There was a soft whisper of voices coming from the armory; Marik opened the door, soft candle light shining.
	“Welcome back Prince Marik.” Mr. D said, “I wasn’t expecting you back so soon. And where is Liam?”
	“He is no longer with us.” Clover said
	“Is he dead?” Mr. D asked
	“He should be.” Marik said coldly.
	“Let me explain.” Clover said as she told Mr. D everything that happened since they left, including the details of Nickolai’s death.
	“Nickolai…I’m sorry for your loss Marik, I really am.” Mr. D said, “And Liam…the Lyon prince. Marik, you know what you must do.”
	“I do.” Marik said, “I will kill him without remorse or regret.”
	“It’s good to hear the prince speak so boldly once again.” A voice said, “You haven’t changed one bit Marik.” The voice belonged to a young man of Marik’s age; with brown skin, copper hair and brown eyes. He came into the room.
	“Nelson?” Marik asked, “I thought you were dead!”
	“I almost died.” Nelson said, “On the hunting trip we took all those centuries ago.”
	“So what happened?” Marik asked
	“After you went after the wolves, Shanver took me to the infirmary.” Nelson said
	Marik’s eyes turned red at the mention of Shanver’s name. “Don’t mention that name in front of me Nelson. He was a traitor and a murderer.”
	“Why say that?” Nelson asked, “He was a good leader.” Marik told Nelson about Shanver’s death and about his uncle. Silence deafened the room. Mr. D and Clover went into the study, leaving Marik and Nelson to talk.
	“That bastard!” Nelson said, “Let your uncle’s ghost drink him in his grave!” The candles blazed with white light, then returned to normal. “Hell and the Devil will welcome him with open arms.”
	Mr. D and Clover returned to the room. Clover was carrying a modern compact bow in her hands, testing the strings. They sat down. “Got a new toy Clover?” Marik said, “Don’t go too wild with it now.”
	“I won’t.” Clover said, “So who are you exactly Nelson?”
	“I’m one of Marik’s friends.” Nelson said, “You know, from the 15th century.”
	“What are you doing here?” Clover asked
	“I heard rumors that the prince had returned.” Nelson said, “So I came here hoping to find out.”
	“How do we know that you’re telling the truth?” Clover asked, pointing her bow at him, the arrowhead almost touching Nelson’s forehead.
	“Relax Clover. He’s my friend.” Marik said
	“I don’t trust him.” Clover replied, lowering her bow.
	“You remind me of Isabelle, Clover.” Nelson said, “Doesn’t she Marik?”
	“Who is Isabelle?” Clover asked
	“Isabelle Tenfon.” Nelson said, “A mortal girl Marik fell in love with back then.”
	“Did you just say Tenfon?” Clover asked
	“Yes. I did.” Nelson answered
	“My last name is Tenfon.” Clover said, “And Isabelle, she’s my great-grandfather’s grandmother.”
	“You look and act just like her.” Nelson said, “No wonder Marik likes you.”
	“We’re just friends.” Clover said, “Anyway, is that the only reason he is here Mr. D?”
	“No Clover. I had a feeling you would need a next hunter.” Mr. D said, “So I called Nelson.”
	“We don’t need a next hunter!” Clover said, angered. “Marik and I are doing just fine. Right Marik?”
	“We are, but we might need some help.” Marik said, “Besides, Nelson can use a spear.”
	“Are you sure? Because I still don’t trust him Marik,” Clover said
	“I’m sure.” Marik said, “Nelson is like a brother to me.”
	“Can you two stop talking about me like I’m not in the room?” Nelson said, “Isabelle used to say the same thing about me.”
	“My family has good judgment.” Clover said
	“So will you accept him into your group Clover?” Mr. D asked
	“I will. But one slip up, just one, and you’ll die with a steak embedded in your heart.” Clover said coldly as she stepped out of the room. Marik followed her. They stopped in the courtyard outside.
	“Are you ok Clover?” Marik asked, “You seemed upset.”
	“I don’t know Marik.” Clover said, “I just don’t trust him. You understand don’t you?”
	“I do Clover.” Marik said, “But remember, you said the same thing about Liam before we became friends.”
	“And I was right. He’s a werewolf.” Clover said, “And why didn’t you tell me about Isabelle?”
	“I didn’t think it was relevant.” Marik said, “And besides, she went back to America before I could have told her how I felt.”
	“Really? You shouldn’t let it happen another time then.” Clover said, “Ok Marik?”
	“Clover…what are you saying?” Marik asked. They were interrupted by the sound of hoofs. Mr. D and Nelson came leading 3 horses, one white, one black and the other brown. However, they all had black manes. Mr. D handed the reins for the white horse to Marik and the black one to Clover. Nelson kept the brown horse. 
	“What are the horses for?” Marik asked
	“The tracks from your ATV would be too obvious in the forest.” Mr. D said, “And with 3 people, you will need better means of transportation.”
	“You remember how to ride a horse right Marik?” Nelson asked, smiling.
	“Of course I do.” Marik said
	“What about you Clover?” Mr. D asked
	“I do. My family owns a horse ranch.” She replied
	“You should name your horses.” Mr. D said, “It forms a bond between rider and horse.”
	“I’ll name him Dimio.” Marik said, “After my great-grandfather. Bear it well.” He put his hands on the horse’s head. The horse neighed.
	“I think he likes it Marik.” Clover said smiling. “I’ll call mine Blackstar.” The horse neighed and lowered its head into Clover’s hand.
	“My horse is Mabe.” Nelson said, “My father gave him to me.” Mr. D called them into the arena, leaving the horses picketed in the courtyard.
	“Marik let me see your sword.” Mr. D said. Marik gave it to him, the silver blade shining.
	“Marik, just where did you get Lord Dracula’s sword?” Nelson asked
	“It was a gift.” Marik said, “And my birthright.”
	“Just as I thought.” Mr. D said, “Marik, I need to teach you one last thing before you leave.”
	“What is that?” Marik asked
	“How to summon Dracula’s power from within the sword.” Mr. D said
	“But if Marik does that…” Clover said
	“He’ll be unstoppable.” Nelson said
	“Marik, are you sure you’re ready for that much power?” Clover asked
	“Yes, I’m sure.” Marik said, “I will need it in order to fulfill my destiny.”
	“Bear this in mind prince.” Mr. D said, “When you summon the power, your soul is combined with the soul of Lord Dracula. Your eyes will be black, and the white changed to red. In this state, no one can stop you. However, if you die in this state, you will lose not only Lord Dracula’s soul, but yours also. Use this power only as a last resort, when all else fails.”
	“I understand.” Marik said, “I’m at my strongest, but at the same time at my utmost weakest.”
	“Correct. Now are you ready?” Mr. D asked, handing the sword back to Marik.
	“Yes I am.” Marik said. He stepped forward and closed his eyes, thrusting the sword upwards. Marik opened his eyes. The white was red and his iris was black. Suddenly, lightning flashed, dancing across the night sky. A single flash stroke the silver blade, the runes illuminated but remained normal. Marik thrust the sword and lightning swallowed a wooden target shaped like a wolf, engulfing it in flames. The blade glowed with ominous black light. He stepped on it, sending blacked wood scattered all over the arena. Marik then stabbed the wooden wolf in the gut and brought the sword upward, as if cutting out its entrails. He turned around, bloodlust in his eyes.
	“Marik! Stop it! Now!” Clover exclaimed, her bow ready, aiming at his chest. Marik brought his sword upwards, and then dropped it. His eyes turned to red, then blue. The sword reassumed its normal attributes. Marik collapsed, and then got up, dazed.
	After 5 minutes, Marik spoke, “I definitely won’t be using that often. It’s like I had no control of my body.” They went back to the horses.

Chapter Thirteen 
On their way back to the horses, Mr. D stumbled, coughing up blood. Marik and Nelson brought him to the infirmary and placed him on a table covered with white cloth, his body shaking violently. Marik strapped his arms and legs onto the table. Clover instructed them to leave while she prepared something to make him sleep. Clover locked the door and went to work. She took some green leaves from a plant on one of the selves. She took some black leaves from another plant and some white ones from another. She put them into an old silver teapot, poured water into it and placed it on the fire. After it boiled, Clover poured it into a small clay cup and poured it down Mr. D’s mouth. His body reacted violently but calming down after 5 minutes. At noon, Clover went and called Marik and Nelson into the room. Clover helped Mr. D to sit up.
	“Marik, come here.” Mr. D said, coughing between words. Marik went and stood beside him. He motioned to a small razor blade sitting barely noticeable on a table. Marik gave it to Mr. D. “I am dying Marik, my death is fast approaching.”
	“You’ll just come back like before.” Marik said
	“No, young prince, I won’t” Mr. D said, “This is my final death. I was only reanimated by the Sisters of Fate in order for you to fulfill your destiny. Now that I have thought you everything you need to know, my thread has been cut, for the last time. Before I go, I will give you the last pulse of my power, my power over the sun.”
	“Power over the sun?” Marik asked
	“My body is resistant to the sun’s rays.” Mr. D said, “The sun does not affect me. Now hurry, drink my blood and receive my power.” Mr. D used the razor to slit his wrist, letting the blood flow out. Marik’s fangs showed. He knelt down and opened his mouth. He bit down. Mr. D turned pale, his eyes losing their shine. After a few minutes, Marik got up, blood running down the sides of his mouth. Mr. D lay dead on the table. Clover was crying and Nelson got the horses ready.
	Marik closed down Mr. D’s eyelids and went over to Clover, consoling her.
	“H-He didn’t have to die…he didn’t deserve to…” Clover said sobbing.
	“He had to Clover. That was his part in the prophecy. He gave me the power to overcome the sun.”
	“But he didn’t have to die Marik, you know that.” she replied
	“Clover…what’s done is done. We can’t change it.” Marik said, “God bless his soul.” Suddenly, Mr. D let out a moan, his skin becoming transparent. Marik turned to look, Clover refused. Mr. D’s mouth opened, a black swirl pattern of darkness flew out, leading towards Marik. His eyes turned red as he quickly took the sword and held it in front of him, defending. The darkness went directly to the sword and settled on the runes engraved on it. The sword seemed to take in the darkness, as the runes were now black. Clover then turned to look.
	“Where’s his body?” Clover asked astonished, holding onto her pistol.
	“What? His body is…” Marik said, “It was on the table. His soul is gone, and now is his body.” Nelson stepped into the room.
	“Guys, what’s happening in here? It’s noon and the sky is midnight?!”
	“I don’t want to talk about it!” Clover shouted, leaving the room enraged.
	“Clover has a volcanic temper doesn’t she?” Nelson said, “But seriously what happened? Did you guys…?”
	“Dude no!” Marik said, “And even if we did she wouldn’t be angry, at least not at me.”
	“Never gonna change are you?” Nelson asked, “Guess that’s why we are friends.” Marik told him about Mr. D’s death sparing none of the details. Nelson sank into the chair, his eyes turning red. “First your uncle, now your mentor. Marik, it looks like the prophecy is happening ‘All other vampires must die.’ Guess it’s my turn to be a ghost next.”
	“Don’t talk like that Nelson.” Marik said, “You’re not dying on my watch.”
	They made their way to Clover, rubbing the neck of her horse. With unspoken consent, the trio left the castle, the last time for one of them. They rode side by side traversing the country, travelling under false names into every small town they came across, looking for even the smallest hint of werewolves, hunting and killing them. In time, they were known as the Wyrdas or Fates in the English tongue, protecting the innocent populous from the werewolves. During this time, they received news that the owner of the Black Cape had died from a heart attack. At a small town near the western edge of the country, they made one of their usual overnight visits. The town was called Wolf’s Creek, it was a small shanty town nettled at the bank of a creek, surrounded by a black forest that cast an eerie shadow over the town. They rode in quietly under the cover of night. They stopped at an amply named inn; Wolf’s Paw, picketed the horses and went inside. Inside the inn was like a bar with 4 small rooms at the back for people too drunk to go home.
	Nelson went over to the wooden counter and ordered drinks while Marik paid for the only two rooms that were vacant. Marik told Clover to leave her bow in the room but keep her pistol and made sure it was loaded. Marik was loathed to part with his sword, which he named Arget because of its silver blade, but left it in the room too. They went over to Nelson. He sat at the last seat in the row of 12 placed at the counter. Marik ordered 3 apple ales and gave each of them one. During their drink, a waitress dressed in a short black skirt and a top that only covered her breasts came over to Nelson. She offered him a private dance in one of the back rooms. Nelson agreed and went with her while Marik and Clover were talking. After half an hour, a pitched howl came from the back room. Nelson came out, panting.
	“What happened Nelson?!” Marik asked, handing him ale.
	“That little whore tried to kill me!” Nelson answered
	“Why would she try to kill you?” Clover asked
	“She was a werewolf! At the end of her dance she transformed and attacked me!” Nelson exclaimed, finishing his drink. “We should leave, now!”
	They rushed out of the inn, grabbing their bags on the way. They got on the horses and rode off god speed into the forest, a pack of wolves at their heels. Clover shot one in the head with her bow, the wolf falling with a thud. Nelson shot at one with his pistol but missed. He threw the horse’s reins to Marik and jumped off, eyes red. Nelson threw his spear at the wolf he had missed when the wolf jumped to attack, the spear stuck in its chest. “Nelson! We need to get out of here!” Marik shouted at him.
	“Go ahead! I’ll follow you!” Nelson shouted as he yanked his spear out of the wolf’s corpse. Marik nodded and they went to the forest. The wolves moved away from Nelson. “What’s wrong? You’re afraid of one vampire?” Nelson said, laughing. The wolves all howled at once. Suddenly, Nelson was surrounded by 10 wolves, circling around him, snarling. The wolves attacked. Nelson fell. One wolf broke Nelson’s spear over his head. Nelson got up, staggered then fell. The wolves separated. A lone alpha walked towards Nelson. The wolf transformed. It was Liam. He took up the broken wooden shaft of Nelson’s spear.
	“Now, before I kill you, tell me this.” Liam said, “Where is Marik?!”
	“I’ll prefer death than to betray a friend.” Nelson answered
	“So be it.” Liam said. 2 wolves held Nelson’s hands. “I’ll ask you one more time. Where is Marik?!” Nelson stayed silent. “Open his mouth!” Liam commanded. He used a knife to cut out one of Nelson’s fangs. “Now, where is Marik?!” Nelson spat blood on Liam’s face. Enraged, Liam cut out the other fang and drove the wooden shaft into Nelson’s heart. Nelson’s body disintegrated into dust. Liam threw the fangs into Nelson’s remains. The rest of the wolves changed back to human form. “4 of you with me into the forest. The rest of you investigate the town, Find anything with their scents. Go!” The wolves spread out.
	“Meanwhile, Marik and Clover waited in the thickest part of the forest. “What’s taking Nelson so long? That’s not like him.” Marik said
	“You were never patient Marik.” Clover said, “But you’re right.”
	“Let’s go look for him.” Marik said. Clover agreed and they rode back into town. About halfway, 5 wolves appeared before them. They dismounted. Liam transformed back to human. “You.” Marik said with scorn.
	“Welcome old friend.” Liam said, “And Clover, still as beautiful.”
	“Get out of my way Liam.” Clover said, “I have things to do.”
	“Looking for someone aren’t you?” Liam asked. The other wolves came to him and transformed.
	“Prince Liam, you left these behind.” One said, giving him Nelson’s fangs.
	“Thank you.” Liam said, “That reminds me. I just killed a hunter. Friend of yours?”
	“You little bitch!” Clover said, aiming an arrow at him. “Fire!” the arrowhead was covered with white flame, the silver undiminished.
	“Stay back Clover.” Marik said, “I’ll deal with the dog.” Marik drew his sword. “Fire!” the sword blazed with black flame.
	“Peace, I only came to deliver the news.” Liam said, “But don’t worry. We WILL fight. The war will end with a fight between friends. And make no mistake, one of us WILL die.”
	“And I will gladly say the bloody dog is dead.” Marik said, “The Sisters have lengthened your cord for too long.”
	“I should thank you Marik.” Liam said, “For ordering that attack on me in the 15th century. Removing my soul. Clever.”
	“You’re welcome then.” Marik said, “Now out of my way. You’re not welcome here.”
	“Last time I checked, the forest belonged to me.” Liam said. The wolves howled.
	“Well let us pass.” Marik said, putting back his sword.
	“Not without having a little fun first.” Torrie said as she walked to where they were. “Took me a while to find you Liam.”
	“Had to take care of some urgent business.” Liam responded
	“So he’s Marik.” Torrie said, “Doesn’t look like the monster you made him out to be.”
	As Torrie said that, Marik channeled Dracula’s power, his eyes changing. Torrie shivered her body numb. Marik turned his eyes back to blue. Torrie moved behind Liam.
	“That’s a new one.” Liam said, “You were able to paralyze your target without even moving. Sherwin was right; you are stronger now than back then.”
	“What are you?” Torrie asked, fear in her voice.
	“A vampire with all of Lord Dracula’s power.” Marik said, “And the prince.”
	“Let’s go Marik, before World War 3 starts.” Clover said
	“Maybe you should listen to your little girlfriend.” Torrie said
	“What did you say?!” Clover said 
	“I just don’t want the little mortal girl to get hurt.” Torrie replied
	“I may be mortal, but I can still kill your skinny ass.” Clover said
	“You sure about that bitch?!” Torrie said, “Bring it on!” Dawn broke the night sky, scattering its light over the forest.
	“Torrie! Time to go.” Liam said
	“Fine. But you won’t be so lucky next time!” Torrie said. On Liam’s command, the wolves left.
	“You ok Clover?” Marik asked
	“Yeah I am.” Clover responded, “Where to next?”
	“To an old teacher of mine.” Marik said, “My magic teacher at Draco Tower.”
	“Ok, let’s go.” Clover said. They got on their horses and rode off, leaving the forest then the town, riding north, aiming for the Draco Tower. 

Chapter Fourteen
When Marik and Clover reached the tower, it was a black stone, skyscraper tall building with a conical white stone roof. The tower had only one door, at the very base of the tower. They stopped in front of it and got off the horses. A ghostly shadow appeared at the door in the shape of a man.
	“Who goes here?” the figure asked
	“Marik Darkblade and Clover Tenfon.” Marik said, “We’re here to see Umbro.”
	  “How do I know you are really Marik?” The figure said, “Provide proof of your identity.” Marik took out his sword and presented it to the figure. The figure grasps the sword firmly in its hand, weighing it. “The sword of legend…how did you get it?”
	“It was a gift.” Marik said, “From my uncle Nickolai.”
	“Nickolai…” the figure said, “Ok. You may enter the tower. Umbro is expecting you both.”
	“So why put us through that interrogation if you already knew who we were?” Clover asked
	“Standard procedure.” The figure said. It disappeared and the door opened. Marik and Clover went inside and the door slammed closed. Inside of the tower was a winding staircase, twisting along the sides of the tower. The staircase started at the blood red carpet lined with snow-white star patterns at the base of the tower. They started to climb the wooden staircase. Suddenly, it started to move like an escalator, carrying them up the stairs to the top of the tower, the last floor until the roof. The stairs came to a halt. In front of them was a large wooden door, a giant vampire bat carved on it with a silver doorknob. Marik opened the door.
	The room was circular, with bookshelves stacked with books that lined the wall opposite to them. 7 candles on the walls encircled the room. A table was in front of the bookshelves, running over with books and papers. The wooden chair painted black with a soft, black leather back that cushioned the user’s back swiveled and a male figure arose.
	“Marik…you haven’t changed a bit.” Umbro said, a middle-aged man in appearance, with pale skin, red hair and brown eyes. He carried a broadsword at his waist, wearing the hunter outfit but all white. “Welcome back young prince.”
	“Thank you Umbro.” Marik said, “This is Clover Tenfon. She’s a friend.”
	“Hello.” Clover said
	“You remind me of someone else Marik was close to young lady.” Umbro said, “I think her name was…Annabelle?”
	“Isabelle. I heard the story already.” Clover said
	“Are you related to her?” he asked
	“Yes, she’s my great-grandfather’s grandmother.” Clover responded
	“You know what they used to call her right?” Umbro asked
	“No. What was it?” Clover asked
	“The twilight princess.” Umbro said, “They called her that because she always appeared at the castle gate at twilight.”
	“That’s not the only reason.” Marik said, “The real reason is that she always helped us to guard the castle. My mother said she was like a daughter to her. Then my father gave her the title.”
	“And that’s when you two started to get close.” Umbro said, “But I’m sure a story is not why you’re here.”
	“It’s not.” Marik said, “We need your help. Do you still have the ring?”
	“The one with the red ruby?” Umbro asked
	“Yes.” Marik responded
	“Sadly, I do not. It was stolen from my possession a day ago.”
	“Stolen?! By who?” Marik exclaimed
	“A fallen hunter named Paula.” Umbro said, “She was a trainee in the 15th century.”
	“Paula…I think I remember her.” Marik said
	“You should. She was always fawning over you.” Umbro stated
	“So what did you do Marik?” Clover asked
	“I told her to stop.” He replied, “Then I gave Isabelle the ring, and her infatuation changed to envy and hatred.”
	“She thought it was an engagement ring?” Clover asked
	“Yes.” Umbro added, “But it’s actually a ring of protection.”
	“What does it look like?” she asked
	“It’s silver with the ruby in the center.” Umbro said
	“How does it protect the person?” Clover asked
	“I cast a spell on it.” Marik said, “So it would protect Isabelle and those after her. Only they can wear it.”
	“Guess you should have told me earlier.” Clover said looking at her right arm.
	“What’s wrong?” Marik asked
	“Remember when we were at Wolf’s Creek in the inn and that woman came up to Nelson?” she replied, “While she was passing me, she used her nail to cut me.”
	“Why didn’t you tell me?” Marik asked
	“It wasn’t noticeable but it hurt like hell.” Clover said, “But I thought it would heal by now.”
	“This woman, was she a werewolf?” Umbro asked
	“Yes she was.” Clover said
	“Marik, when is the next full moon?” Umbro asked
	“Next week.” He answered
	“So in order to prevent Clover from turning into a werewolf…” Umbro said
	“I need to get the ring back from Paula before next week.” Marik cut him off.
	“So what you’re saying is that I turn into a werewolf if we can’t get the ring.”
	“No need to worry.” Umbro said, “There is always another way.”
	“What way?” Clover asked
	“Marik could bite you and then you’ll become a hybrid.”
	“Hybrid?” she asked confused
	“A cross between vampire and werewolf.” Marik said, “They hold unimaginable power.”
	“So how do you tell if someone is a hybrid?” Clover asked
	“You already know that a vampire’s eyes are red and a werewolf’s eyes are yellow.” Marik stated, “So therefore a hybrid’s eyes are a mix of red and yellow. The two colours mix, but at the same time are separate.”
	“So what are their attributes?” Clover asked, suddenly interested.
	“You would be able to walk in the day unharmed and also turn into a wolf at your own free will.” Umbro said, “However, you will not be able to use your magic.”
	After some thought, Clover asked, “What should I do Marik?”
	“It’s up to you Clover.”
	“Remember, you only have a week.” Umbro said, “So I suggest that you go after Paula. I heard from informants that she was headed towards the Bucharest Airport.”
	“We will go immediately. Thank you for your help.” Marik said
	“Wait…Umbro, are you a vampire?” Clover asked
	Umbro laughed. “No child, I am mortal.”
	“So how are you still alive?” she asked, shocked
	“I was a sailor. During my final journey, we stumbled across the infamous Fountain of Youth. We fought over who would control it. Ahh, a bloody day that was. In the end, I won. Wounded but victorious, I drank from the fountain. I felt a rush of new life pulse in my veins.”
	“You never told me about that.” Marik said, “So what happened to the fountain?”
	“I destroyed it.” Umbro said, “So that no one else could be punished.”
	“Punished?” Clover asked, “Why not use blessed?”
	“Blessed?” Umbro asked, “To outlive your family, your friends, your culture, your very identity, you call that blessed?!”
	“When you put it like that, I guess it really is a curse for mortals.” Clover said
	“Clover we should go.” Marik said. Clover nodded and the three exchanged goodbyes. They rode the escalator staircase down to the entrance of the tower. Just as Marik was about to push the door open, a single gunshot was heard from the top floor. Clover began to run back up but Marik grabbed her hand and stopped her. “Clover…what’s done is done. He took his own life. He chose to die. You can’t do anything about it now.”
	“I understand but why do you always treat death as something casual?”
	“Once you lose touch with your emotions, death will become ordinary. To be a good hunter, you need to lose touch with your emotions.” Marik said bitterly. They got on the horses and left silently heading to the airport. After a while, Marik broke the silence. “I’m sorry I said that to you Clover. I shouldn’t have done that.”
	“It’s ok Marik. You were right.”
	“No I wasn’t. I shouldn’t force my opinions on you like that.”
	“I may be a hunter.” Clover said, “But I’m also a girl.”
	“A normal girl doesn’t kill werewolves.” Marik said. They stopped under one of the many trees along the path and set up camp for the night. The next day, at noon, they finally reached the airport. They dismounted, went through the gate and then to the Waiting room.
	The airport was relatively small, with only 3 small planes. The waiting room was a small, circular room full with confusion and congestion. Marik scouted the room for signs of Paula or the ring. A young woman was carrying her pull-along suitcase made of brown leather, making her way into an airplane, the D-B13. Before boarding, she slipped a silver ring into her handbag. Clover saw her and rushed towards her. The woman started to rush into the plane, but Clover was faster. Clover grabbed the woman’s arm. The woman yelled and security personnel came onto the scene. One officer took Clover’s hand off the woman and they were both restrained and taken to the detention center and placed in separate rooms. The detention center was like any other modern facility, with security cameras mounted on the ceiling and a cell door with a biometric lock.
	“Now, why did you try to steal the young lady’s ring Ms. Tenfon?” the officer in Clover’s cell asked
	“It’s my ring.” Clover said, “It was made especially for me.”
	“Can you prove that?”
	“My last name is engraved inside.” Clover said, “And it can only fit my finger.” Upon hearing this, the officer called the woman into Clover’s room.
	“What is your name miss?” the officer asked
	“Paula Gorda.”
	“Ok Ms. Gorda. Can you give me the ring in your possession?” the officer said. Paula gave him the ring. He placed it on Clover’s index finger after looking at the engraving. The ring fit perfectly. The officer ordered Paula to be arrested for theft and apologized to Clover.
	When Clover came back to the waiting room, Marik asked, “Since we’re here Clover, what do you say to a trip back home?”
	“I would love to.” Clover said, “We should explain Liam’s ‘problem’ to his parents.” 

Chapter Fifteen
Liam met with the other alphas in the meeting hall for one of their weekly meetings. The counsel of alphas, as it was called, was made up of 12 alphas including Liam, Sherwin and Torrie. Liam and Torrie walked in followed by the rest of the counsel. When they were all settled around a round table, Sherwin spoke, “how was the latest hunting Liam? We need a report.”
	“For starters, one from Torrie’s group was killed by a hunter called Nelson, but don’t worry, we tortured and killed him.” Liam said, “Also, we found Marik and Clover.”
	“So did the young female carryout her duty before her death?” Sherwin asked
	“Yes, she did.” Torrie said, “Clover now has werewolf traits in her blood.”
	“And what about the Darkblade prince?” one alpha asked
	“I let him go.” Liam answered
	“You did what?!” the alpha exclaimed
	“It was 2 against 10. You had more than enough forces.” Another alpha said
	“No, we didn’t.” Torrie said. She told the council about Marik’s power.
	“You’re lying!” the oldest alpha said, “No modern vampire has the power to do that!”
	“My daughter is no liar.” Sherwin said, “Liam, tell us your account.”
	“Torrie speaks the truth. He had the sword, the one Dracula used.” At the mention of Dracula’s name, the room was crushed in silence. After a minute, Liam continued. “He is different…more powerful.”
	“So what happened? Did you shake with fear prince?” another alpha said mockingly. “Are you a cub or an alpha?”
	“It is not wise to mock the prince.” Sherwin said, “If his father was here…”
	“His father?!” the oldest alpha interjected, “His father abandoned his duty as king. He is a worthless excuse for a Lyon!”
	Liam stood, enraged. “Do not speak about my father like that you crippled old wretch! I should have you executed for treason!”
	“Calm down Liam.” Sherwin said, “No need to execute anyone.”
	“That’s the one thing I disagree with Sherwin.” Liam said, “He insulted my father. And above that, he defiled the one thing we and vampires have in common.”
	“And that is?” Torrie asked
	“Only members of the royal family are given the name Lyon or Darkblade.” Sherwin said, “You should all know that.”
	“So?” the old alpha said, “In my view, Liam should not even be called prince, he’s just as worthless as the father before him!”
	“Shut up!” Liam shouted. “Sherwin! I think you know the reason he said that.”
	“I do.”
	“So what is it?” one alpha asked
	“He wanted to be king.” Liam said
	“How did you know that?” Torrie asked
	“Your father told me.” Liam responded, “But I really should kill you for saying that Unix. You’re too old to face me.”
	“You little brat! I would love to see you try!” Unix exclaimed, “Your father never had the guts to do it, so why should you?!” Liam and Unix transformed instantly. The others moved to the walls. Liam advanced, growling.
	“Shouldn’t we stop them father?” Torrie asked
	“No Torrie. This is a battle of pride. It would not be wise to interfere.” Liam knocked the table away, smashing the chairs. Unix jumped at Liam. Liam stood on his hind legs and clawed Unix’s chest, Unix landing with a howl of pain. Liam turned back to human form.
	“Pitiful old man.” Liam kicked Unix’s jaw, twisting his face. “Let’s see how you like having no guts!” Liam grabbed Unix and lifted him up. Liam punched him in his stomach.
	“Liam! That’s enough!” Torrie shouted, rushing between Liam and Unix.
	“Enough?! He deserves worse!” Liam said, “Now, does anyone else believe that I’m too weak to lead?” Silence fell over the room. “I thought so.” He ordered the alphas to take Unix to the infirmary. They emptied the meeting hall leaving Liam, Torrie and Sherwin. Sherwin took a wooden box from behind a pile of timber blocks. He opened it, producing a bronze chain with a stone attached to it and presented it to Liam.
	“What is this?” Liam asked
	“The day you were born, a meteor fell from the heavens right outside the castle door.” Sherwin said, “The Sisters of Fate said it would grant you power equal to that of Dracula. But only you can wear it.” Liam knelt, accepting it. The moment the stone touched his skin it shone with the moon’s radiance, and then returned to its dull, black state.
	“I feel more powerful already.” Liam stated. His eyes turned yellow, but he remained human.
	“How are you doing that Liam?” Torrie asked
	“Doing what?”
	“Making your eyes yellow.” She replied
	“I don’t know.” Liam said, “Although I feel like I’m about to transform.”
	“You’re channeling your lycanthrope half.” Sherwin said, “You have the strength of a werewolf while in your human from.” Liam’s eyes returned to their brown colour.
	Suddenly, the chain glowed with red light. Liam screamed in pain. The chain burned into his skin. When Liam’s screaming and the light died out, an imprint of the chain and stone was left around his neck and the chain fell to the ground, the stone now cracked. Liam fainted. The next day, Liam woke up in the castle’s sick bay.
	“Good morning sleepy head.” Torrie said, sitting beside him on the bed. “How are you feeling?”
	“Like I didn’t die.” Liam said, “The burn still hurts a bit though.”
	“Let me take a look.” Torrie said. Liam took off his shirt, exposing his toned chest. Torrie ran a finger on the chain imprint. He shivered. They looked at each other, desire in their eyes. They kissed, slow and passionate.
	A doctor walked into the room. “Cut it out you too.” She said teasingly. “How are you feeling prince?”
	“A lot better, thank you”

	“I should go now.” Torrie said, “We have a council meeting at noon Liam. We need to elect a new member.”
	“I’ll be there. Tell your dad that I’m sorry about what happened yesterday.”
	“I will. But don’t worry about it; I’m sure he forgave you.” Torrie said as she left. The nurse gave Liam a final checkup and said he could leave. Liam put on his shirt and headed to the meeting hall. He opened the door. Some men were setting down a new table. When they left, the council members sat around it. Sherwin spoke.
	“You all know why we called a meeting today. To elect a new member for the counsel.”
	“So do you have any suggestions?” one alpha asked
	“Before you get to that, I’m apologizing for what happened yesterday.” Liam said, “I was enraged.”
	“It’s ok Liam.” Sherwin said, “It was that rage that showed me that you were ready for more power. Besides, Unix was banished before for disrespecting the king.”
	“Thank you.” Liam replied
	“So you’re saying that it’s ok to slay a fellow member of the counsel?” one alpha asked
	“No, but I’m sure you, or any of us would have done the same thing.” Sherwin said. Silence fell over the room as glances were exchanged.
	“Back to the matter at hand.” Liam said, “Who will be the new member?”
	“Are there any young men that can handle the responsibility?” one alpha asked
	“Why can’t the new member be a girl?” Torrie asked, “I’m the only one here. Girls can fight too.”
	“Who are you thinking of Torrie?” Liam asked
	“Crystal. She’s in my group.”
	“And what makes you think she is worthy?” an alpha asked, “After all, you, my dear, are only a member because of your father.”
	“That is not the reason she is a member.” Liam said
	“So what is the reason?” another alpha asked, “Because she’s your girlfriend?”
	“Very funny.” Sherwin said, “Disrespecting my daughter’s self-worth and strength. And I know she could beat any of you in the arena.”
	“Really? You know that women have always been the weaker sex!” a middle-aged alpha said mockingly.
	“That’s bullshit!” Torrie shouted
	“Look, the she-wolf is angry. We should run!” the middle-aged alpha said
	“That’s enough!” Liam exclaimed, “The new member is Crystal!”
	“And who gave you the power to make that decision?” Sam, the shortest alpha asked
	“In case you all forgot, I am Liam, Prince of the Lyons! If any of you have a problem with that, leave, now!” The movement of chairs was universal as the hall emptied leaving Liam, Torrie and Sherwin. “Those bastards! They’re worse than the vampires!”
	“Liam…thank you for defending me.” Torrie said and hugged him.
	“Always.” Liam replied, kissing her forehead. “Can you get Crystal and bring her here?”
	“Sure.”
	“Thanks.” Liam said as she left. “Sherwin, I need to ask you something. Why do you always defend me even if it means giving up your seat on the counsel?”
	“Liam…your father and I were best friends. We were closer than brothers.” Sherwin put his hand on Liam’s shoulder. “You are like a son to me. I wouldn’t do otherwise.”
	Torrie returned with Crystal, a chocolate shined girl, with hazel eyes and short, black hair. She was the same age as Liam and Torrie. When she saw Liam, she knelt. “Hello Prince.” Liam told her to get up and to address him by his first name.
	“You are the new council member Crystal.” Liam said, “Although it’s not much of a counsel, more like a group.”
	“Thank you.” Crystal said, “But I don’t I’ll be of much help.”
	“Torrie recommended you herself.” Sherwin said, “And her judgment is as good as mine.”
	“Crystal is a medic. She’ll be more than helpful.” Torrie said
	“Now that that matter is taken care of, what will we do now Liam?” Torrie asked
	“I was thinking of going to America and paying my parents a visit.”
	“That’s a good idea Liam.” Sherwin said, “Take Torrie with you, she has always wanted to visit America.”
	“That would be great.” Liam said. Crystal asked to be excused and left.
	“When will you leave?” Sherwin asked
	“Next week. After the full moon.”
	“A wise decision.” Sherwin said, “Your father will teach you how to use your new power.”
	“Thank you Sherwin, for everything.” Liam said
	Chapter Sixteen
	Marik and Clover came off the plane and collected their bags.
	“L.A.” Clover said as they headed to the exit. “It’s good to be home.” Marik run a hand through his hair.
	“Now I’m not even sure where I belong.” he said
	“You belong anywhere you want to.” Clover responded. A woman with a baby and a small child came up to them.
	“Excuse me.” she said, “Where are you two from? You look like tourists.”
	“We’re both from L.A.” Marik answered
	“Really? Are you in a play?” the woman asked,” Your clothes look…different.”
	“Yes we’re in a play for school.” Clover replied
	“Oh, that’s great.” the woman said, “What’s the name?”
	“Brom Stoker’s Dracula.” Marik answered
	“You look the part young man, even your features are Romanian.”
	“My parents are from Romania.” Marik said
	“Ok. I didn’t know that Romanians came to America.” the woman said. The baby started to cry. “Well, I have to go. Thank you for your time.”
	“I never caught your name miss.” Marik said
	“Oh, my name is of no importance.” the woman said, “But yours…Marik, an interesting name.”
	“Marik…we need to go. I’ll call my parents.” Clover said as the woman left.
	“There’s something weird about that woman.” Marik said to Clover as they said on a bench waiting on Clover’s parents. “How did she know my name?”
	“And did you realize that she kept looking at your sword?” Clover asked, “How did you even get past security with that? I had to hide my bow in the suitcase.”
	“I don’t know.” Marik replied, “It passed through the scanner.” A black Honda drove into the parking area. A woman stepped out of the driver’s seat. “Your mom’s here Clover.” They got up. Clover’s mother looked like an older version of her, except for the black hair. They both had the same slender but shapely figure and both possessed it with grace.
	“Mom! Over here!” Clover shouted, waving. They grabbed their bags and went to the car.
	“Mrs. Tenfon!” Marik shouted. She turned around. Clover hugged her.
	“Clover!” Mrs. Tenfon embraced her daughter. “You’ve grown a lot!”
	“It’s only been 2 months.” Clover said as Marik put the bags in the trunk of the car. “I couldn’t have grown that much.” Marik came over to them and Mrs. Tenfon hugged him.
	“Marik! You’ve grown too.” Mrs. Tenfon said, “Did you two enjoy your time in Romania?”
	“We did.” Marik said
	“I can see that.” Mrs. Tenfon said, “You’ve even gotten involved in the fashion. I expected that from Clover but it’s a good look for you Marik.”
	“Thanks Mrs. Tenfon.”
	“Wait…where’s Liam?” Mrs. Tenfon asked
	“He’s not with us anymore.” Marik said coldly.
	Silence drowned the trio. “I hate to be the bearer of bad news Marik, but I need to tell you something.” Mrs. Tenfon said
	“What is it?” he asked
	“It’s about your parents…you have 2 more deaths to cope with.” Mrs. Tenfon said her voice flooded with remorse.
	“Hold on…” Clover said, “Don’t tell me…Marik’s parents are…”
	“They’re dead aren’t they?” Marik asked
	“Yes…unfortunately.” Mrs. Tenfon said her head downcast. Marik’s eyes turned red.
	“How did they die?” Marik asked
	“Mauled by a pack of wolves when they were on a hiking trip.” Mrs. Tenfon said, “The police found their bodies yesterday evening surrounded by wolf tracks.”
	“Those bastards! How did they know where to find my parents?!”
	“What are you talking about?” Mrs. Tenfon asked
	“Marik…my mom doesn’t know.” Clover said
	“Know what?” Mrs. Tenfon asked, “Ok, you need to tell me everything that happened in Romania when we get home.”
	“We will.” Clover said. Marik took his sword from its hilt and shoved it into the pavement at his feet, kneeling. After a while, Marik got up and took out the sword.
	“That sword…we need to go home, now!” Mrs. Tenfon exclaimed
	“How do you know that sword mom?” Clover asked
	“Just get in the car.” Mrs. Tenfon said, “I’ll explain later.” They got in the car and drove off. Clover opted to sit in the back with Marik, holding his hand the entire trip. They got to Clover’s house half an hour later. Her father opened the door.
	“Clover! Marik!” Mr. Tenfon said, “Welcome home!”
	“Hi dad.” Clover said
	“Hello Mr. Tenfon.” Marik said
	“Will, I told them what happened.” Mrs. Tenfon said as they went inside the house. “You’ll be staying with us Marik; your room is upstairs across from Clover’s. Go unpack and then come down for lunch.”
	“Thanks.” Marik said as he and Clover went to their rooms. After she unpacked, Clover went over to Marik. She opened the door. Marik sat on the bed tapping Arget on his lap.
	“Are you ok Marik?” Clover asked, sitting beside him.
	“Yeah, I’m ok.” Marik stated. Mrs. Tenfon called them down for lunch. Marik covered the sword and attached it to his belt.
	“If they found my parents, I should be prepared.” Marik said, “And I’m still a hunter.”
	“Ok. My mom did seem to recognize the sword.” Clover said, “But how?”
	“If she recognized my sword, your mom knows more than she appears to.”
	“True.” Clover said, “We should ask her.” Clover left the room. After a while, she came out of her room wearing a yellow sundress and strap-on slippers, going downstairs. She stopped when Marik came out wearing his black Jordan’s, black jeans and black T-shirt. Arget was still attached to his belt.
	“Congrats.” Marik said, “We look American again.” Clover laughed and they went downstairs.
	“Hurry up you two.” Mrs. Tenfon said, “The pizza’s going to get cold.” They took seats and Mrs. Tenfon put the homemade pizza on the table. During the meal, Marik and Clover took turns explaining their experiences in Romania.
	“Wow…that’s a lot to take in.” Daphne said, “Isn’t it Will?”
	“It is…but I half expected it.” Will responded
	“What do you mean?” Marik asked
	“You have Romanian blood Marik.” Will said, “Even so, both my family and yours have good relations through Isabelle, as you found out. And Clover, I’ll need to see your shooting skills with my own eyes. Your grandfather was a world class professional shooter.”
	Clover laughed. “You will dad.”
	“Show me your sword Marik.” Will said, “I’ve only seen it in a moth-ridden painting.” Marik got up and took out Arget, the blade moving soundlessly. He handed it to Will. Will ran his finger across the spine of the blade. He spoke something inaudible. Satisfied, he gave it back to Marik. Marik held the gold handle and the sword shone with white light. When it dissipated, a silver ring with a gold gem in the center was round Marik’s index finger, the sword disappeared.
	“What did you do?” Marik asked
	“Made it more travel friendly.” Will said, “Tap the gold gem and it will turn into the sword.” 
	“Dad?!You could use magic?!” Clover exclaimed
	“Of course. I am a Tenfon after all.”
	“And when were you planning on telling me?” Clover asked
	“On your 18th birthday.”
	“Hold on…didn’t you say something about having a week before turning into a wolf Clover?” Daphne asked
	“Crap, I forgot all about that.” Clover said, “How many days has it been Marik?”
	“Five days. But the ring should protect you.”
	“No, it won’t.” Will said, “At least not for long.”
	“So what can we do?” Daphne asked
“I’ll have to turn her.” Marik said, “But she will become a hybrid.”
	“Do you want to be a hybrid Clover” Will asked. He answered the home phone.
	“Yes. I’m already a hunter, so having powers would just be a boost.”
	“I’ve already explained the attributes to her.” Marik stated, “So it’s up to Clover to tell me when she’s ready.”
	“Just hurry and do it.” Daphne said, “I don’t want my baby turning into a wolf.”
	“I’m not a baby anymore mom, I’m 18.” Clover said, “I can make my own decisions.”
	“I know that honey.” Daphne said, “That reminds me, I have something to show you both.” She went upstairs and came down five minutes later with two boxes wrapped in floral paper. She gave them to Clover and Marik and watched them open each box. Clover held up a short, blue strapless dress, the same one from her dream. Clover smiled weakly and told her mom thanks.
	“What’s wrong honey, don’t you like the dress?” Daphne asked, “I designed it myself for you to wear to your prom.”
	“I forgot you were a designer Mrs. Tenfon.” Marik said. He took out a black tuxedo and vest with a blue silk shirt. “These are great.”
	“Thank you.” Daphne replied, “How about you Clover?”
	“The dress is beautiful mom. It’s just that…”
	“It’s about the dream isn’t it?” Marik asked
	“Yeah. It is.”
	“What dream?” Daphne asked
	“I was in a black nightgown, sleeping, and then I dreamt that I was at a funeral. I tried to touch someone, but my hand went straight through him. After that I went into the church and saw the casket, opened. I was in the casket, in this same blue dress.” Clover put down the dress. Silence fell over the room.
	“Don’t worry about it Clover.” Marik said, “Isabelle used to have those weird dreams too.”
	“How do you know that?” Daphne asked
	“Remember, I was born in the 15th century.” Marik said
	“So how old are you exactly Marik?” Daphne asked
	“My body is 18, but my soul is 564 years old.” Marik said, “I was born in 1449.”
	“Wow…” Daphne said, “Don’t tell people that Marik. They’ll say you’re crazy and lock you up in an institution.” Will came off the phone.
	“Marik, the call was for you.” Will said, “The leader of the vampire underworld wants to meet you.”
	“What vampire underworld?” Marik asked
	“Your parent’s never told you?” Will asked, “They’re a group of young vampires that found safety in L.A. It’s located under an abandoned blacksmith’s shop.”
	“I didn’t know.” Marik said, “But how do you know about it?”
	“Marik, my family has kept many secrets over the centuries.” Will said, “We even aided the vampires in the War.”
	“Why?” Clover asked, “Why keep so many secrets?”
	“I wanted to tell you Clover.” Will said, “But the King and Queen -Marik’s parents –forbid it.”
	“Why would they do that?” Marik asked
	“Marik, remember they kept your identity a secret from you.” Daphne said, “So it’s not surprising they wanted Clover to discover the truth herself.”
	“Mom…Dad…” Clover said, “Please, no more secrets. It’s like you don’t trust me.”
	“We trust you honey.” Daphne said, “But you need to understand…”
	“Understand what?!” Clover shouted. She grabbed Marik and went upstairs, stopping at the wall opposite the staircase.
	“What’s wrong Clover?” Marik asked, “Your parents were only trying to protect you.”
	“Protect me?! Protect me from what?” Clover said, “If they knew all of this, why agree to send me Romania?”
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “But I think they know more than they’re telling us.”
	“All I know is that my mom recognized your sword and my dad knows about a vampire underworld.” Clover said, “Now I know how you feel Marik, the burden you carry.”
	“I’m curious about this underworld.” Marik said, “You doing anything tonight?”
	“No, I don’t. Let’s change and go.” Clover said
	“Grab your weapons, bow and gun.” Marik said
	“Why? We’re not in Romania.” Clover said, “L.A. is safer.”
	“Sometimes your kin are worse than your enemies.” Marik said and went into his room. After a while, Clover knocked. Marik opened the door as he was about to strap on his pistol.
	“Don’t worry, I’m almost ready.” Marik said
	“I need to talk to you.” Clover said. Marik sat on the bed and Clover sat beside him, wearing her hunter’s outfit.
	“Still upset?” Marik asked putting his hand around her.
	“No, it’s not that.” Clover said, “I think I…I…”
	“You know you can tell me anything Clover.” Marik said
	“I don’t know how to say it.” Clover said. Marik kissed her forehead.
	“Just tell me.”
	“I … I love you!” Clover exclaimed, “I know, I’m crazy for even thinking about that.”
	“Clover…I’ve always loved you.” Marik said, “Ever since I sat beside you on the first day of high school.”
	“Really? So why didn’t you tell me?” Clover asked
	“I wasn’t sure you felt the same way. I thought you would have said no.” 
	They looked into each other’s eyes. Someone knocked on the door. Daphne opened the door. “I’m about earlier Clover. I’ll make it up to you later. Your father and I are going to an art exhibition. Don’t wait up ok.” She closed the door. The Honda’s engine revved and they were gone.


Chapter Seventeen
“Why would I say no Marik?” Clover asked her green eyes transfixed on his.
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “I was stupid I guess.” He ran his hand gently down Clover’s back.
	With the gentlest of movements he was drawing her to him, gathering her like a comforter into his arms. “You are the most exciting girl I have ever known. Do you know that?” He pressed her closer. “I can’t get you out of my mind. Every moment you flood my thoughts.”
	“Marik…” Clover said. His fingers in her hair were making her whole body tremble. Sparks of electricity flickered down to her toes. She only had time to let out a whimper - more of a breathless surrender than a cry of protest – before she felt his grip around her tighten and suddenly his lips were burning down on hers.
	She could have wept for the beauty of that kiss, and, even as it melted her bones within her, she knew it was a kiss that she wouldn’t forget. The kiss was like none before; it filled her with a sharp, sweet sense of ecstasy that seemed to lift her body up to the stars, like dying and waking up in heaven. She found herself musing in a distracted euphoria. The overwhelming gentleness and warmth and passion of him flowed from his lips and filled her soul.
	As his mouth possessed hers, sensual and masterful, prying her eager lips apart, every muscle in her body convulsed with longing and a hunger like wildfire rippled through her veins. “I must be dreaming.” Clover thought to herself.
	One hand was caressing her, moving deliciously against her, unbuttoning her blouse from the bottom up. Then all at once a shiver went through her as his fingers made contact with her warm, naked flesh.
	His eyes made contact with hers and he paused. “Clover…I should stop…”
	“I didn’t tell you to stop Marik.” Clover said seductively. His hand did not move immediately to her breasts, but caressed her midriff. And, simultaneously, his lips slid from her mouth to plant warm, searing kisses on her brow and neck.
	As he pressed her even closer, making her limbs turn to putty, she could feel his arousal hard against her belly. Then, as her own hands removed his shirt, the hand beneath her shirt was sweeping upwards to claim full possession of her breasts, removing her bra. The contact sent raw electricity burning through her.
	As his lips returned to cover hers once more, he whispered, “I love you.” Then every sense in her entire body was suddenly overtaken by the magic that his fingers were working on her breasts. Greedily, he moved from one to the other, molding their firm heaviness in the palm of his hand, circling with his fingers the stiff hungry peaks, sending jolts of sheer, exquisite anguish through her. As his fingers teased, the spiral of longing was tightening almost unbearably in her thighs.
	They moved to the center of the bed, Clover laid flat and Marik a short space above. He removed her blouse, fully exposing her breasts with their pink erect peaks. He slowly buried his face against her bosom, inviting her to tangle her fingers in his hair, and as his weight bore down on her she could feel his excitement rampant and hard against her thighs. A thrill went through her and a sudden fierce longing that caused her all at once to arch her back and press her hips lustfully against him, for suddenly she longed to feel that hardness thrusting like a rapier between her thighs.
	“Marik…Marik…” She moaned his name like a prayer as he bent all at once to capture one of her peaks firmly, excruciatingly, between his teeth. He proceeded with his torment, making her bones melt. Clover hands were sliding beneath his shirt to caress the firm hard flesh of his shoulders and chest.
	She felt his hand move from her bosom then sliding down towards her waist. His fingers tugged at the button of her pants, then in one deft movement slid down the zip. Clover could feel her flesh jump at the touch of his fingers as they moved down below the top of the pink lace, gently and slowly removing it. His lips moved to her lips as his fingers explored her vessel, soft sounds of pleasure escaping from her lips.
	“Is this ok Clover?” Marik asked, his fingers emerging from her vessel.
	“Yes…more than ok.” Clover said, “I’ve decided…I want you to bite me.”
	Marik gently bit her lips in a kiss. “There?”
	“Stop teasing, you know what I mean.” Clover said, “Marik…I want you to take me, badly.”
	“Are you sure Clover?” Marik asked
	“Yes, I am.” Clover said, “You’ve been enjoying this too, haven’t you?”
	“Yes, a lot.” Marik said. Clover looked down at the bulge in his pants. Marik loosened the belt and took off his pants. Clover slowly moved her hand and touched his package, stroking it. She continued for a minute then took off his boxers, freeing his erect package. She lay down and his fingers explored her wet vessel. His eyes lifted to hers with a permissive question, she stroked his hair and nodded.
	Slowly, his package boarded her vessel, bringing the first wave of pain and then slowly, smoothly piercing her. She laid open to him as he came rushing in like the first dark burst of life itself. The pain turned to pleasure as her body rose and fell with each intrusive thrust. Their bodies pressed together as the sheet covered their passion. Marik’s eyes turned red. They kissed. Clover felt his fangs. Marik brushed a finger on her neck, moving her blond hair. The sensation of his hot breath on her neck sent a tidal wave of pleasure through her. He bit her and thrust, sending blood streaming down her neck. Her body quivered and her vessel immersed, sending a tsunami rushing out. Clover screamed; her expression mixed with an expression of pain and pleasure. Marik’s package released its contents, sending a rush of warmth through her immersed vessel. Clover ran her hand over the fingernail cuts on Marik’s back. “Sorry about that Marik. I didn’t mean to.”
	“It’s ok. They were worth it.” Marik said. They fell asleep in each other’s arms after putting on their clothes and cleaned the blood on Clover’s neck.

 Chapter Eighteen
The next day, Marik awoke, finding his bed empty. “She must have woken up already.” he said to himself. He got up, ran a hand through his hair and looked on the bed. There were 2 separate spots of blood on the sheets; a few drops near the bedhead and a small puddle further down the middle. Marik took the sheets off and replaced them. He dumped them in the basket in the bathroom, took a shower then changed to his hunter’s outfit and went downstairs.
	Clover was showing her parents the bite marks on her neck. Her blond hair now had black streaks.
	“How did you get those streaks in just one night?” Daphne asked, “You must have stayed up all night.”
	“I woke up and they were there.” Clover said, “I don’t know how they got there.”
	“Morning everyone.” Marik said, taking a seat beside Clover on the living room couch.
	“Marik, its noon.” Clover said hugging him.
	“Already? Guess I slept in again.”
	“You a vampire Marik.” Will said, “You shouldn’t even be awake now.”
	“The sun doesn’t affect me.” Marik said, “And my human half is still intact.”	
	“So what happens to Clover now that she’s a hybrid?” Daphne asked
	“She’s more powerful than ever.”
	“How much more powerful?” Clover asked
	“You’re at my level Clover.” Marik said
	“You have all of Dracula’s power.” Will said, “How can Clover’s power be equal?”
	“Remember she has the power of both races now.” Marik said, “With none of the weaknesses of either race.”
	“How does that work?” Daphne asked
	“A vampire’s weakness is the sun, however, her werewolf half negates that.” Marik said, “A werewolf’s weakness is silver, her vampire half negates that too.”
	“So in other words, Clover is invincible.” Daphne said
	“Not quite. The only way to kill a hybrid is to remove his/her heart.” Marik said, “And because she was bitten by me, her human side will still be intact. Also, she loses her ability to use magic.”
	“How are you feeling Clover?” Will asked
	“My head hurts like hell but I’ll be ok.” Clover responded
	“You need to rest Clover.” Marik said, “2 – 5 days should give you a full recovery.”
	“Any side effects I should expect?” Clover asked
	“Just headache and fever.” Marik said, “It will be painful but you’ve been through worse. You’ll survive.”
	“So what are gonna do today?” Clover asked
	“You are gonna stay in bed.” Marik said, “I’m gonna visit the FBI office.”
	“Why?” Daphne asked
	“To get the details about my parent’s death.” Marik said, “And to see if Liam had anything to do with it.”
	“And if he does?” Daphne asked
	“Let’s just say that I’ll have some funerals to attend.” Marik said, “As for the black in your hair Clover, that’s a part of the transition. It will come out after 5 days.”
	“Good.” Daphne said,” Because I don’t think you’re allowed to do that at school.”
	“School?” Marik said, “I forgot all about that.”
	“You were only on spring break.” Daphne said, “School starts next week.”
	“Do we have to?” Marik said, “The only course we have left is world history and we chose the War of Bucharest.”
	“I think we know more than enough to ace that course.” Clover said	
	“You’re both going.” Daphne said, “No questions.” Clover asked Marik to take her to her room. When they left, Will turned on the TV.
	“What are we going to do now?” Daphne asked
	“About what?” Will asked
	“Clover and Marik.” Daphne said, “I don’t want Clover to any more involved in this war.”
	“Daphne…it’s her destiny.” Will said, “We can’t change that.”
	“Just because she’s the only Tenfon with blond hair apart from Isabelle, that doesn’t make this her fight.”
	“She chose to fight Daphne. No one forced her.” Will said
	“I know that. I just don’t want her to get hurt.” Daphne said
	“Clover is stronger than you think.” Will stated, “She’s not the baby you held in your arms anymore. Besides, she was trained by Dracula himself. She won’t get hurt, trust me.”
	“After a while, Daphne responded, “Ok. I believe you.” Marik came back downstairs.
	“Clover’s sleeping.” Marik said, “She won’t wake up for a while.”
	“”Thank you Marik.” Daphne said, hugging him. “You’re taking such good care of Clover; you’re like my own son.”
	“It’s nothing big Mrs. Tenfon.” Marik said, “She’s my best friend.”
	“Just make you protect her.” Daphne said, “Please, for my peace of mind.”
	“I will, don’t worry.” Marik said, “She’s in good hands.”
	“Heading to the FBI office?” Will asked
	“Just for a minute.” Marik said,” I’m gonna check out the crime scene later tonight.”
	“Fine, just remember curfew is 11:00 pm.” Daphne said, “Not 11:01.”
	“I get it. I’ll be here by then.” Marik said
	“Make sure.” Daphne said,” You’re not skipping curfew just because you’re a vampire.”
	Marik smiled. “I won’t.” He opened the door and left. He walked the 2 blocks that distanced Clover’s house from the FBI office. When he reached, he was greeted by a young female officer sitting behind a counter.
	“Good afternoon.” the officer said, “What can I do for you young man?”
	“I’m here to get the details on a murder.” Marik responded
	“Whose murder?” the officer asked
	“My parents, Alex and Catherine Darkblade.” Marik said
	“Oh, you must be Special Agent Darkblade’s son Marik.” the officer said
	“Marik?!” a middle-aged man said as he walked over to them. He wore a suit with an FBI badge on the pocket of the jacket.
	“Hey Uncle Kevin.” Marik said
	“I’m just your dad’s partner Marik, not you’re uncle.” Kevin said
	“I know. But I’ve gotten used to it over the years.” Marik responded
	“I’ll be taking it from here Ms. Oxford.” Kevin said to the female officer. He guided Marik into the break room and handed him a folder from his briefcase once they were seated. “First off Marik, I’m sorry for your loss. Your parents were great.”
	“It’s ok.” Marik said as he opened the folder. “What is this?”
	“The details concerning your parent’s death.” Kevin said, “There are photos from the crime scene as well as a report from the corner as to the time and cause of death.”
	Marik scanned the pictures but one held his attention, a word written in blood with his father’s right index finger: Lyon. “Those bastards!”
	“You know who killed your parents?”
	“A likely suspect.” Marik said, “In the 15th century, there were two families fighting for control of Romania, my family and the Lyons. Even when I went to Romania I had the pleasure of meeting some of them. It was a good time for them to die.”
	“Hold on, so you’re telling me that your parents were killed because of a power struggle centuries of years old?” Kevin asked
	“Yes. And both families still wish to kill each other.” Marik said, “Are you going to the crime scene later? I want to check it out.”
	 “I’ll drive you.” Kevin said, “So which of the families have the right to control Romania?”
	“Mine. The wolves are just greedy.” Marik said
	“Did you just say wolves?” Kevin asked
	“I meant Lyons.” Marik said
	“You’re just as secretive as your dad Marik.” Kevin said
	“It runs in the family.” Marik said
	“You got more than that from your father Marik; you inherited his instincts as well.” Kevin said. Ms. Oxford came in with a small box in her hand. She handed it to Marik and left.
	Marik opened the box. It contained an FBI badge and an ID with Marik’s picture and name. “What is this?”
	“An FBI badge.” Kevin answered
	“A what?”
	“A badge for the Youth FBI program.” Kevin said, “Your father had you enrolled when you left for Romania. Agent Tenfon enrolled his daughter too. She’s your friend right? Give this to her for me.” Kevin took out a similar box out of his briefcase and handed it to Marik.
	“So how much clearance does this give me?” Marik asked
	“You can access crime scenes and evidence lockers but no access to any guns until you turn 18. Remember, it’s just a training programme.”
	“I know how to shoot a gun already.” Marik said, “My dad taught me.”
	“Good. I’m leaving work in a few hours. Meet me back here at 5.” Kevin said as he got up and left. Marik headed out of the office. He looked at his watch. It was 2:00 pm.
	“I have some time to kill.” Marik said to himself, “What should I do?” Suddenly, a fire truck flew past him heading to the end of the street. Marik looked. A house was on fire. “What the…is that my house?!” Marik’s eyes turned red and he sprinted towards the flame. The fire fighters were spraying the house with water. Marik pushed his way through the crowd that was forming. He was stopped in front of the steps by the chief fire fighter. Marik moved to the metal gate post and punched it.
	“What’s wrong?” a voice in Marik’s head asked, “A little fire’s gotten you so angry?”
	“Yami?” Marik asked
	“Who else did you expect?” Yami asked, “Elvis?”
	“Shut up!” Marik exclaimed, “Can’t you see my house is burning down?”
	“And?” Yami asked, unconcerned. “You have a castle in Romania way better than this house.”
	“So? I lived here my entire life!”
	“And I’m supposed to care why?”
	“You choose to talk to me now.” Marik replied, “Why?”
	“Just remember you are the prince, successor to the Darkblade throne and all of Romania.” Yami said, “Stop acting like a wuss!”
	“Cut the crap and get out of my head!”
	“Oh, before I forget, what we did with Clover last night, it was great.” Yami said, “I haven’t seen another girl quite like Isabelle until now.”
	“GET OUT!” The force of Marik’s mental shout was enough to make it audible to the crowd around him. They turned around and stared at him. Marik looked up and saw black smoke and ashes where his house once stood. Enraged, he punched the post twice, breaking it. He walked over to the fire fighters.
	“This was your house young man?” the chief asked
	“Yes, it was.”
	“We’re sorry about this son.” he said, “What’s your name?”
	“Marik Darkblade.”
	“Darkblade…wait, aren’t you Catherine’s son?”
	“Yes. She’s dead.” Marik said, “How did you know her?”
	“She was friends with my wife.” the chief said, “I’m sorry to hear about your mom. Was your father home?”
	“He’s dead too.”
	“Wow kid, what did you do, break all the mirrors in a glass house?” one of the fire fighters asked
	“I’m not a kid.” Marik said. A car with FBI marks stopped at the gate. Kevin and a male officer got of the car and walked over to Marik and the fire fighters.
	They flashed their badges at the fire fighters and Kevin spoke to the chief.
	“I am Special Agent Kevin Pierre. What was the cause of this fire?”
	“We found a trail of gas along the perimeter of the house.” the chief said, “I suspect that whoever did this planned out every detail. This was no accident.”
	“Was anything saved?” Kevin asked
	“Sadly no.” the chief replied, “Everything was incinerated.”
	“Ok, thank you for your time.” Kevin said, “We’ll take it from here.” With that the fire fighters drove off.
	“What are you gonna do now Marik?” Kevin asked
	“I staying with Clover and I have a castle in Romania that my family owned.” Marik said, “I’ll be fine.”
	“You know that’s not what I mean.” Kevin said, “What are you gonna do, go back to Romania?”
	“Yes, but there is something I have to do here first.” Marik responded
	“What is that?”
	“It doesn’t concern you!” Marik said coldly, “And you can have your badge back, I don’t want it!”
	“I gave it to you.” Kevin said, “Keep it.” He turned to the officer beside him and told him to remove the crowd. The officer dispensed the crowd and left. Marik took out the badge and held it firm in his hand.
	“Marik…your eyes are red.” Kevin said, “How?”
	Marik did not answer and stared at the badge in his hand. Suddenly, he raised his head and smiled wickedly.
	“Marik, are you ok?” Kevin asked. Marik opened his hand and whispered a single, inaudible word. His hand was completely engulfed in black flames. Kevin walked slowly towards Marik.
	“Come any closer and you’re dead!” Marik exclaimed. Kevin continued walking towards him
	“Don’t take another step!” Marik shouted
	“Why Marik? You’ll kill me?” Kevin asked
	“Gladly.”
	“Why do you want to kill me all of a sudden?” Kevin asked, “I was your father’s friend.”
	“You’re not human.” Marik said, “I can smell it, you smell like a wet dog.”
	“Good observation.” Kevin smirked, “Your father couldn’t sense that. I guess you are more powerful than him.”
	“I’ll prove it to you.” Marik said, “I haven’t tasted a wolf’s blood in centuries. I’ve forgotten how good it tastes.”
	Kevin began to transform. Marik touched the gold gem on his ring and it changed to his sword. Kevin, now in wolf form, gnarled at him. Kevin jumped. Marik slashed his sword upwards and gashed Kevin’s right hind leg. Kevin fell to the ground. He got up and slashed his paw at Marik. The strike hit his face, leaving bloody cuts on his right jaw. Enraged, Marik gripped Kevin by the neck and held him suspended in the air.
	“Next time, you remember not the touch my face!” Marik exclaimed as he felt his own blood on his lips. 
	Marik thrust his sword into Kevin’s abdomen and gutted him, bringing the sword up to where Marik gripped him. Kevin howled and fell to the ground in human form. Marik cleaned his sword on the grass then advanced towards him. Kevin was only conscious long enough to see and feel Marik’s fangs sink into his neck, blood gushing down his neck.
	Finished, Marik’s wounds healed and he got up. “I’ve tasted better.” He wiped his mouth on his shirt sleeve and looked into the sky. His bloodlust satisfied, his eyes turned blue.
	“Did I just…kill…Kevin?” Marik asked himself.
	“No, we did.” Yami said
	“You…why can’t I control you?” Marik asked, “I can control Dracula’s power, but I can’t even control my own self.”
	“That’s because you don’t want to control me.” Yami said, “Deep down, you crave for war. Your bloodlust is even stronger than mine.”
	“That’s a lie!”
	“Is it?” Yami responded, “Think back to when we were in Romania. Most of the time you summoned my power at your own will.
	“Because it was necessary.” Marik replied
	“It’s no use lying to yourself Marik.” Yami stated, “I see right through your eyes. Remember, they are mine too.”
	“So why are you so evil?” Marik asked, “We are the same person after all.”
	“Evil?!” Yami exclaimed, “You try being locked in some void for 6 centuries! All that rage and hate building up inside you, just waiting to burst out.”
	“That’s why my eyes look evil when our souls combine.”
	“Ours eyes are the windows to our soul.” Yami said
	“So our soul is evil?” Marik asked, “Just filled with rage and hate?”
	“Rage and Hate are the demons that hide behind our eyes.” Yami stated, “Our soul is black…black and corrupted.”
	“There must be some good left in you…in us.” Marik said
	“Yes…a faint glow of good. The love you have for Clover, the same love that I had for Isabelle.”
	So you’re saying that only love can save us from an eternity of pain.”
	“Exactly.”
	“But how can that be done?” Marik asked
	“Clover’s soul is pure, do not corrupt her.” Yami responded, “She is our guiding light. Protect her.”
	“I am already doing that.”
	“Just listen to me!” Yami flared, “I should have protected Isabelle. Do not make the same mistake as me.”
	“What mistake! Tell me!”
	“I should go now. People are coming.”
	“Yami! Wait!” Marik shouted. Yami did not respond. Marik looked at Arget in his hand. He touched the center of the handle and it turned into the ring as it slid onto his finger. The same crowd that formed before returned, surrounding Marik and shouting questions at him.
	“Leave me alone!” Marik shouted as his eyes turned red.
	“What happened?!”
	“How is he dead?!”
	“You killed him didn’t you?!”
	The questions were flung at him, his rage increasing with every question. A man in the back of the crowd ran towards Marik, attempting to subdue him by tackle him down. When he reached near, Marik used his left hand and held onto the man’s throat. Marik lifted him up.
	“I told you to leave me alone!” Marik shouted. He sunk his right hand into the man’s chest and ripped out his heart, his eyes shone with bloodlust. He flung the man’s body aside.
	“Good Marik!” Yami said, “Embrace Rage…embrace Hate. They will give you power.”
	“You’re right! I crave for blood! Give me more power!”
	“Kill them and you will be able to control me once and for all!” Yami said, “Do it, now!”
	Marik bit into the heart in his hand, drying it to a crisp. The crowd stood there dazed. Marik touched his ring. With sword in hand, he rushed at the crowd, decapitating them all in swift, fluid motions; man, woman and child. The sword gleam with delight as each drop of blood touched its blade. The sword became a ring. His eyes turned blue. He looked at the scene around him; bodies lay in a haphazard pile. He knelled on all fours and screamed in pain. His skin became paler. His left eye remained blue while his right eye turned red. He clamped his eyes shut. He struck the ground with his fist. He opened his eyes. They both were blue. He got up.
	“I feel…different.”
	“I got rid of your human side.” Yami responded
	“Why?”
	“So you could control me. Your human side was too weak…to mortal to contain me.”
	“So this is what immorality feels like?” Marik asked, “I don’t feel any different.”
	“You won’t feel, you’ll notice. You will be stronger, faster and your bloodlust will increase.”
	“So if my human side is gone, how am I still talking to you like this?”
	“Isn’t it obvious?” Yami asked, “I’m your conscience.”
	“I had a conscience before you came along.”
	“I was always there. You just never noticed.” Yami stated
	“So what happens now?”
	“You are a vampire now…fully and completely.” Yami said, “Our souls are now combined permanently.”
	“So how come my eyes are blue?”
	“Because you still need to blend in. You have school remember?” Yami said sarcastically.
	“Whatever.” Marik said as the sun began to set over the horizon. A fresh vigor of life rushed through him. The roar of sirens could be heard in the distance.
	“You should leave.” Yami said
	“Don’t you think I know that?!” Marik exclaimed. He tore off the metal gate and walked calmly down the street back to Clover’s house, escaping the police’s notice. Police cars rocketed past him, their red and blue sirens blazing.
	When Marik reached, he was greeted by Clover at the door. The black streaks in her hair were gone.
	“Shouldn’t you be in bed?” Marik asked hugging her.
	“Come inside.” Clover said with nervous tension in her voice. “There’s something you should see.”


Chapter Nineteen
They went into the house. Clover’s parents were seated on the couch watching a breaking news story. They silently sat down and joined the rest of the family.
	There was a female reporter on the TV with the words ‘Arson and Mass Murder, a city in turmoil.’ Flashing behind her in red letters. The woman started to speak.
	“Sandra Daze here with your breaking news story. A house was burning down to ashes earlier today. Authorities claimed that it belonged to Alex and Catherine Darkblade, who were killed earlier by a pack of wolves while hiking in the local woods. Mr. Darkblade was a long serving FBI Special Agent assigned here in Los Angles. Fire fighters attempted to put out the blaze but to no avail. The chief fire fighter has determined the cause of the blaze, a trail of gas around the perimeter of the house and is labeling it as arson.”
	“That’s where you were Marik?” Clover asked
	“Yeah.” Marik responded
	“What’s wrong? You look pale.” Clover said
	“That’s because I’m a vampire Clover.”
	The reporter started to speak again. “Sandra Daze here with another breaking news story. A haphazard pile of bodies were found near to the entrance of the property. The police are now examining for evidence. They are ruling it as a serial murder, as the murders were done in execution style, beheading.”
	“Marik…did you kill…” Daphne asked
	“Yes I did. I had to…have to control him, and killing them was the only way.”
	“Control who?” Will asked
	“Yami…my other half.” Marik said
	“So can you control him now?” Clover asked
	“Yes, but my human side is gone. Forever.” Marik answered, “I abandoned my human side. It was suppressing my power.”
	“What do you mean suppressing your power?” Daphne asked
	“Yami was holding back on account of my human side.” Marik replied, “So I got rid of it.”
	“So what are you now Marik?” Will asked
	“I am what I was born to be, a vampire.” Marik stated, “I will need to drink more frequently now that my human side is gone.”
	The reporter came on the TV screen once more with a different headline: ‘One city, two serial killers’ flashing behind her in the same red letters. She started to speak.
	“In an unrelated story, a series of teens and young adults were found murdered throughout the city. The victims had nothing in common; different age, skin colour, hair type and colour. However, what they do have in common is the way they were killed, a wooden stake in the chest and the shape of a cross cut into their foreheads before being beheaded.”
	“Hunters!” Marik said, “I thought the order would have been disbanded by now!”
	“Hunters?” Daphne asked
	“Humans that allied themselves with the wolves.” Clover said, “They hunt vampires.”
	“Because of them my race is almost extinct!” Marik exclaimed, “I bet those bastards killed my parents too!”
	“Going after them Marik?” Daphne asked
	“Yes, I have to.” Marik said, “They’ve gone too far this time.”
	“I’m coming with you.” Clover said
	“I expected as much.” Will said, “Be careful.”
	“We will.” Clover said as they went upstairs. They came down 5 minutes later fully dressed and equipped. They said goodbye and left. “Where are we going first Marik?”
	“I want to check out the crime scene.” Marik said
	“The one you made or your parents own?” Clover asked
	“My parent’s own.” Marik said, “Why would I go back to my house?”
	“The murderer always returns to the scene of the crime.” Clover joked
	“That’s what I’m counting on.” Marik replied
	“Do you know where it is?” Clover asked
	“No, but I know who does.”
	“Who?” Clover asked
	“Ms. Oxford.” Marik said
	“Ms. Oxford?” Clover asked
	“The receptionist at the FBI office.” Marik said
	“So we’re going there then?”
	“Yeah.” Marik replied as they left the doorstep and started walking to the FBI office. The moon came out. Clover inhaled deeply and breathed sigh of relief.
	“This feels great!” Clover exclaimed
	“What feels great?” 
	“The night.” Clover said, “It just makes me feel…”
	“Alive.” Marik added
	“Like I can do anything.” Clover said, “Now I know how Liam feels.”
	“Don’t talk about him Clover.” Marik replied coldly.
	“Why? He was our friend remember.”
	“He’s a wolf, a mindless savage beast without a brain.” Marik said, “Remember that Clover.”
	“He was also our friend, and your best friend.”
	“You are my best friend.” Marik said
	“People always said we were more than friends.” Clover said and grasped Marik’s hand in hers.
	“I was talking to Yami earlier.” Marik said, “He said I should protect you and not make the same mistake that he did with Isabelle.”
	“What mistake?” Clover asked
	“He wouldn’t tell me anything.” Marik said, “But it seemed like he regretted it a lot.”
	“Regret? I didn’t know vampires had feelings.” Clover said
	“Very funny Clover.” Marik said, “It takes a lot for a vampire to show feelings, but we do have them.”
	“So are there other hybrids out there?” Clover asked
	“No, you are the only one.” Marik responded
	“Why aren’t there more hybrids?”
	“They are all extinct.” Marik said, “They were not supposed to exist.”
	“What do you mean?” Clover asked, “I’m confused.”
	“I’ll tell you more about it later.” Marik said, “It’s more like a history lesson.”
	“Ok. I’ll make sure to bring some popcorn then.” Clover joked
	“You’re in a cheery mood tonight.” Marik said
	“I can’t explain it.” Clover said, “I feel great.”
	“You should.” Marik said, “You’re a hybrid now, a creature of the night.”
	“I’ve been wondering.” Clover said, “Just how strong am I?”
	“Stronger than both a normal vampire and a normal werewolf.” Marik said
	“What about you Marik? You’re stronger than both of them too.” Clover stated, “Does that make me just as strong as you?”
	“Yes, it does.” Marik said, “Maybe even stronger.”
	“How can I possibly be stronger than you?” Clover asked
	“You have the aggression of a werewolf and the wisdom of a vampire and the strength of both races.” Marik replied, “You ARE stronger than me.”
	“Vampires are aggressive too.” Clover said, “Look at what you did earlier.”
	“We are not aggressive by will.” Marik said, “It is our bloodlust that drives us to kill.” 
	“So what drives vampires to love?” Clover asked
	“The same bloodlust that drives us to kill.” Marik said
	“How come?” Clover asked
	“I would love to know that too.” Marik said as they reached the FBI office. Marik opened the door and they walked inside.
	“Marik!” Ms. Oxford shouted and waved from behind the counter.
	“That’s Ms. Oxford?” Clover asked, “She looks more like a university grad.”
	“Come on.” Marik said, “She doesn’t look that young.”
	“I can tell.” Clover said, “It’s a girl’s intuition.”
	“Whatever you say.” Marik said as they walked over to the counter.
	“Hello Ms. Oxford.” Marik said
	“Who is this young lady with you Marik?”  She asked
	“My name is Clover Tenfon.” Clover said, “My dad works here.”
	“Ok.” Ms. Oxford said, “So what brings you back here so soon Marik?”
	“We need to know the location of my parent’s crime scene.” Marik said
	“Let me get that for you Marik” Ms. Oxford said. She left and went into the back room.
	“I don’t like her.” Clover said
	“Why not?” Marik asked, “She’s nice.”
	“She seemed a bit too happy to see you Marik.” Clover stated
	“Really? I didn’t notice.” Marik replied
	“You wouldn’t have noticed.” Clover said under her breath. Ms. Oxford came back. “I’ll be outside Marik.”
	“Clover…be careful.”
	“Don’t worry. I can protect myself.” Clover said
	“I know that Clover.” Marik said, “Just be careful…for me.”
	“Ok. I promise I will.” Clover said as she left. She stood against the wall of the building. She took a mirror from her pocket and started to fix her hair. Some dogs howled in the distance, sending a chill up her spine and drowned her with a thirst for adventure.
	Suddenly, Clover’s face started to elongate. Her eyes changed to the hybrid mix of red and yellow. Her ribcage slightly extended. Her skin turned pale blue and her nails turned to long talons. Her lips changed from pink to black. Fangs appeared in her mouth. She looked back at herself in the mirror. At a quick glance, her appearance remained mostly human. She opened her mouth and made a sound similar to a werewolf’s roar, with a shriek of a vampire as an obvious overtone.
	Clover sprinted down the street towards the dogs with speed even surpassing that of Marik’s. Up close, Clover saw that the dogs were in fact a pack of 4 wolves. She stopped in the midst of the wolves and stared at them, her bloodlust increasing each time a wolf moved. She made the same sound as before. The wolves all jumped at once to attack her. She ripped all of them apart on quick succession with her talons.
	All at once the howling died, leaving Clover standing in the midst of now human carcasses, her talons dripping with blood. She closed her closed her eyes as she returned to human form, her nails free of blood or fur. She walked back to the FBI office, taking the back roads, hoping to avoid notice. She felt for her bow and realized it was gone. She ran back to the FBI office. Marik was waiting at the door, eyes red, holding her destroyed bow and the quiver filled with broken arrows.
	“Clover! What happened?” Marik shouted
	“I transformed.” Clover replied
	“What happened?” Marik asked
	“I was standing outside looking in my mirror then I just felt this rush of energy.” Clover said, “Then I transformed in less than a minute. I heard some dogs so I ran to where they were. They were werewolves, so I ripped all of them in half with my nails.”
	“It felt good didn’t it?” Marik asked
	“What did?” Clover asked
	“The excitement of the kill.” Marik said
	“Yes…it did.” Clover said, “It felt great.”
	“I knew it would.” Marik said, “So what happened to your bow?”
	“I don’t know. It must have fallen and broke while I was transforming.” Clover said, “Don’t worry about it though, I don’t need it anymore.”
	“You’re a hybrid.” Marik said, “You don’t need any weapons, only your bloodlust. Even I couldn’t handle 4 Lycans by myself.”
	“I realized.” Clover said, “Wait…does that mean I’m stronger than you are?”
	“Yes…it does.” Marik said, “You are stronger than the child of the Darkblade prophecy that’s supposed to end this eternal war.”
	“Wow…” Clover said, “I never really thought of you like that Marik. That’s a lot of burden on you alone.”
	“And to believe we are here all because of a class trip.” Marik said, “It’s kind of unbelievable.” 
	“Like a fairy tale.” Clover added, “And what’s even weirder is that both of our parents knew and didn’t even choose to tell us anything or even give us a hint.”
	“Yeah.” Marik said, “To believe that you took down 4 werewolves by yourself…and before your first drink…wow Clover.”
	“Feeling intimidated prince?” Clover asked
	“Back to the crime scene.” Marik said quickly. “The police are still investigating for evidence, so we will have to wait an hour or two before it’s clear for us to visit.”
	Clover looked at her watch. “It’s 7:00 pm now and our curfew is 11:00.” She said, “We have some free time, what you want to do?”
	“I’m feeling kind of hungry.” Marik replied, “It’s been a long day.”
	“Feeling for a cheese burger?” Clover asked
	“You read my mind.” Marik said, “And I guess you want a salad as usual?”
	“Actually, I feel for a burger this time.” Clover said
	“Wow…must be a full moon out tonight.” Marik said jokingly.
	“Not funny.” Clover said, gently hitting Marik on his shoulder.
	“So we’re going to Wendy’s then?” Marik asked
	“Yeah we are.” Clover said, “The usual place.” They started walking. Ms. Oxford came out and called out to Marik. Clover looked away and Marik went over to her.
	“What’s wrong Ms. Oxford?” Marik asked
	“Call me Jenna.” She said, “I just wanted to give you this.” Jenna handed him a white index card with “Jenna 872-5155-4700 Call me” written in italics.
	“What’s this for?” Marik asked
	“My cell number.” Jenna said, “Just in case you need any more information.”
	“Thanks.” Marik replied, “I’ll call you when I need more info.” Jenna said goodbye and left. Marik went back over to Clover.
	“What was that all about?” Clover asked
	“She gave me a card with her number.” Marik answered
	“Why?” Clover asked, tension filling her voice.
	“To call her if I need more information instead of coming to the FBI office.” Marik said, “Nothing serious don’t worry about that.”
	“I don’t have to worry do I?” Clover asked
	“No Clover, you don’t.” Marik said, “Let’s just go to Wendy’s now.”
	“Ok.” Clover said, “I trust you.” Marik wrapped his hand around Clover’s waist as they started to walk.
	Jenna stared at them with envy in her eyes through the window nearest to the door.
	“Ms. Oxford!” an authoritative voice shouted at her. “Get back to work!”
	“Coming sir.” Jenna said. Her eyes flashed yellow then back again to her normal colour. She moved from the window and went back behind the counter.
	They arrived at Wendy’s soon afterwards. The restaurant was nearly empty. Clover took a seat in the corner while Marik ordered the food. Marik came back minutes later with two trays resting on his hands. He placed the trays on the table and sat down across from Clover.
	“What did you order for me?” Clover asked
	“I ordered the same thing for both of us.” Marik said, “Steakhouse burger medium rare with pepper jack cheese, fries and a grape soda.”
	“Your usual order,” Clover said as she opened her box and unwrapped the burger from its paper packaging. She took a small bite.
	“Like it?” Marik asked as they both started eating.
	“I gotta admit, this tastes great.” Clover said
	“See, you were missing out.” Marik teased
	“No I wasn’t.” Clover said laughing. “The salads are just as good.”
	“Really now?” Marik said, “Maybe I should try one someday.”
	“That would be the day.” Clover joked, “Maybe pigs would start flying too.”
	“Very funny.” Marik said, “It’s been a while though.”
	“A while since what?” Clover asked
	“Since we had a normal conversation.” Marik said, “It feels nostalgic.” 
	“Yeah…it does.” Clover said, “But you know better than anyone that those days are gone, at least for now.”
	“I know.” Marik said, “But I’m glad things turned out the way they did.”
	“Why is that?” Clover asked
	“I got to have you.” Marik said
	“Marik…” Clover said, “What about all those other girls you dated?”
	“They’re only just other girls that aren’t you.” Marik said, holding Clover’s hand and staring into her eyes.
	“Wow Marik…honestly, I’m speechless.” Clover said, “That’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.”
	A female waiter came over to them. “Excuse me, are you two almost finished? We’re about to close up.”
	“Yes, we are.” Marik said. He took up the trays, emptied them in the garbage bin and went back to Clover. They left the restaurant and stopped at a garden in the center of the mall. They sat on a bench beside the garden.
	“Thank you Marik.” Clover said
	“For loving you?” Marik asked
	“For making me feel normal again.” Clover said. They looked into each other’s eyes as their lips locked in a warm embrace. This continued for minutes until they heard the sound of footsteps.
	“We should go now.” Clover said, “I’m getting a bad feeling.”
	“Yeah, I feel it too.” Marik said, “Something eerie.” They got up. Suddenly, two men dressed in identical black clothes and sun glasses grabbed Clover from behind. Another grabbed Marik and put a bag over his head. Marik broke free and ripped the bag off his head. Marik turned around. The man threw a punch. Marik sidestepped the punch and threw one of his own, giving the man a bloody nose and knocking out two of his teeth.
	“Let go of me!” Clover screamed. Marik’s eyes turned red. He walked towards her. He stopped midway.
	“You’ve got a nice body bitch.” One of the men said, “I would do more than kissing with you.” The man onto Clover’s Breasts and squeezed them. The other man, who had a scar on his left cheek, slapped Clover on her ass, sending a high pitched scream of pain from her lips. A dark, evil aura surrounded Marik.
	“I said to let me go!” Clover shouted. Her eyes changed and she transformed. The man let her go and ran. Clover appeared in front of them, her movements almost invisible. She sunk her talons into their abdomens and ripped out their entrails.
	“Remind me not to tick her off.” Yami said
	“You’re the one that should be reminding me.” Marik answered
	“She’s a good one, but she was holding back.” Yami said, “I haven’t seen another hybrid so powerful. She’s stronger than we are.”
	“So bottom line is just not to tick her off.” Marik said
	“Exactly, but it’s for you own good.” Yami stated, “So you can tick her off if you want, just don’t die.”
	Clover transformed back to human form and went over to Marik.
	“Are you ok Clover?” Marik asked
	“Yes, I’m ok.” Clover answered, “Those pervs just ruined my evening.” 
	“Yami said you were holding back.” Marik said, “Don’t be afraid of your power.”
	“Why didn’t you do something?” Clover asked, “They were…touching me.”
	“I was going to but Yami stopped me.” Marik said
	“Why?” Clover asked
	“He said I should let you fight your own battles.” Marik said, “So you could get used to your new power.”
	“You tried to resist him didn’t you.” Clover said, “I felt your aura. You would have ripped those guys to threads.”
	“That’s why you transformed.” Marik said
	“Yeah. I know you would have found a way to resist Yami.” Clover said
	“Remind me not to tick you off.” Marik said, “You looked like you were ready to kill anything in your way.”
	“Why do I look like that though?” Clover asked
	“From the looks of it, you had the lycanthrope blood in your system first, then the vampiric.” Marik said, “That’s why you look like that…but…”
	“But what?” Clover asked, “Is something wrong?”
	“You recovered from being turned too fast.” Marik said, “It’s like your body was already used to being a hybrid.”
	“Remember when we first came home?” Clover said, “My mom was way too accepting about the idea of her only child becoming a hybrid.”
	“Now that you mention it, that’s true.” Marik said, “It’s like she already knew what would have happened.”
	“It’ weird.” Clover said, “I’ll have to ask her about it later.”
	“I’m just tired.” Marik said, “Tired of all the secrets.”
	“It will be over soon.” Clover said
	“I hope.” Marik said
	“How touching.” The man who attacked Marik said, “You can have the bitch, I don’t want a freak.” He got up, spitting blood.
	Clover’s eye changed. Marik put his hand in front of Clover, blocking her off.
	“I’ll take this one.” Marik said, “Relax.”
	“Fine.” Clover said as her eyes returned to normal. Marik advanced towards the man slowly, prolonging the inevitable.
	“What are you gonna do, give me another bloody nose? Knockout a couple more teeth?” the man asked mockingly.
	“Shut it!” Marik exclaimed, “Or you’ll end up just like your friends over there!”
	“I’m not scared of you punk!” the man said
	“You will be.” Marik said. His eyes turned red. The man punched at Marik. Marik caught the punch and twisted the man’s hand around in a complete revolution. The man screamed in pain. Marik hissed and gripped the man’s throat and held him in the air. The man fought to get free of Marik’s grasped but he could not. Marik showed his fangs.
	“WH-What are you?” the man asked
	“Your worst nightmare.” Marik said as he sunk his fangs into the man’s neck, draining him dry.
	“You’re…both…freaks!” the man said as he breathed his last breath.
	“Let’s go Clover.” Marik said, “Before anything else bad happens.”
	“Right.” Clover said, “Let’s go to the crime scene.”

Chapter Twenty
Just as Marik and Clover left the garden, a group of 4 men came into the area of the garden where the fights had taken place. They were dressed in black jeans and biker’s jackets. All of the jackets had the same on the back; a wolf’s head in the center and ‘The strength of the wolf is the pack’ written above the wolf’s head in a semi-circular arc. They saw the bodies and silently swore and formed the shape of a cross in front of them with their right hands.
	“A vamp was here.” One of them said, looking at the bite marks on the neck of the man that attacked Marik. “They’re at it again.”
	The others went over to the ones that Clover killed and inspected them for bite marks. They called the other one over to them.
	“No vampire could have done this.” He said, “Look at how they were killed.”
	“A Lycan’s style for killing their prey.” The one on the left said
	“But what is a Lycan doing with a vamp?” another said, “It don’t add up.”
	“Maybe it wasn’t a Lycan who killed them.” The one on the right said
	“So what could?” the one standing left-center asked, “What are you thinking?”
	“A hybrid.” The one standing right answered
	“Are you crazy?” the one standing right-center asked, “There hasn’t been a hybrid since the 15th century.”
	“Yeah, you’re right.” The one standing right said, “I think her name was…Bella?”
	“Isabelle.” The one standing right-center answered, “Isabelle Tenfon.”
	“The twilight princess.” The one standing left said, “I wonder if she is still alive?”
	“Well she is a hybrid.” The one standing left-center said
	“Let’s go track this vamp and kill it before this happens again.” The one standing right said
	“Are you all crazy?” a voice asked, “Don’t even think about it!”
	“Prince Liam.” They all said as Liam walked to where they were, followed by Torrie.
	The men knelled as a sign of respect. Liam wore the same outfit as the men, except his jacket was sleeveless. Liam told the men to stand.
	“Are you idiots?” Liam asked, “Don’t you sense this evil aura?”
	“Now that you asked, I do.” The man standing right-center stepped out and said, “We all do.”
	“This aura is familiar to me.” Liam said as his eyes flashed yellow.
	“It’s Marik isn’t it?” Torrie asked
	“He’s the only vamp with this kind of aura.” Liam stated, “But it’s different from before…more evil.”
	Torrie moved away from Liam and walked towards the bodies torn by Clover. She wore the same sleeveless hunter’s outfit, with an exposed white undershirt. She knelled and examined the bodies.
	“No matter how much more powerful Marik has gotten, he couldn’t have done this.” Torrie said, “No vamp could.”
	“This looks like a Lycan’s doing.” Liam said, “But none would side with a vamp.”
	“Prince Liam.” The man standing right said, “We were thinking along the lines of a hybrid.”
	“A hybrid…but the only person alive now that would be able to turn into a hybrid would be Clover.”
	“You mean the skinny mortal girl that was with Marik?” Torrie asked
	“Yes.” Liam said, “But considering what happened to Isabelle, I’m surprised that Marik would turn Clover into a hybrid.”
	“What happened to Isabelle? Who is she?” Torrie asked
	“I’ll tell you when the time comes.” Liam said, “But for now, let’s just say that history is repeating itself.”
	“What do you mean by that?” Torrie asked
	“The events in the 15th century.” Liam said
	“Sorry to interrupt Prince.” The man standing left said, “But what should we do about the bodies?”
	“Get rid of them.” Liam said, “That’s what you’re here for right?”
	“Now?” the man standing right asked
	“What other time would you do it?” Liam asked sarcastically. “And you should address me as Prince.”
	“Why should I?” the man standing right asked, “I’m older than you are!”
	“Hart! Stop insulting the Prince!” the man standing right-center said
	“Just because he’s a Lycan doesn’t mean we have to be afraid of him!” Hart exclaimed
	“You’re testing my patience hunter!” Liam exclaimed, is eyes turned yellow.
	“Liam! Stop!” Torrie shouted
	“No! He deserves to be punished for his insubordination.” Liam said, “We can’t have a hunter that doesn’t know his place.”
	“I don’t know my place?” Hart asked, “You are the one that left the order to fend for itself!”
	Angered, Liam’s nails turned to talons and he ripped Hart in half. It was at that time Torrie took a good look at Liam. “He’s changed since we first met.” Torrie thought to herself. “Liam taller, more muscular and his whole personality changed.”
	Liam turned and saw Torrie looking at him with sadness in her eyes. “What’s wrong Torrie?”
	“You used to have a soul Liam.” Torrie said, “Now you’re a monster.” 
	“We need to go.” Liam said. Torrie did not move.
	“Did you not hear me talk to you?” Liam said, “Move! Now!”
	“Excuse me!” Torrie exclaimed, “I’m not your pet!”
	“You’re right, you’re my bitch!” Liam exclaimed
	“Du-te dracului!” Torrie cursed in Romanian. “Go to hell!”
	Liam raised his hand and slapped Torrie across her face, leaving his hand printed clearly on her jaw and instantly swelling her cheek.
	“You move when I say so!” Liam exclaimed, “Unless you want another one of those!” He turned to the hunters and spoke. “What are you all looking at? Clean up this mess!”
	“Yes Prince Liam.” They all uttered out of fear and started to remove the bodies. Liam grabbed Torrie by her arm and dragged her into the nearby parking lot.
	“Why did you slap me?” Torrie asked, still holding onto her bruised jaw.
	“I…I don’t know.” Liam said, “Something must have come over me.”
	“You seemed pretty aware that you hit me.” Torrie said, “Just like before.”
	“I’m sorry.” Liam said, “I couldn’t control myself.”
	“I doubt that.” Torrie blatantly replied.
	“Do you really think I would want to hurt the girl I love?” Liam asked, “Come give me a kiss.” He pressed Torrie closer to him. Torrie spat in his eye and freed her hand from his grasp.
	“You little…” Liam said
	“What, bitch?” Torrie added, “Slut?”
	“Both.” Liam said as he wiped Torrie’s saliva off his face.
	“You’ve changed Liam.” Torrie said, “You’re not the same guy I saw talking to my dad in the meeting hall.”
	“Of course I am.” Liam said
	“No, you’re not.” Torrie said, “I hate this side of you! I hate you!”
	“Torrie…” Liam said, his eyes pleading with hers.
	“Don’t give me those eyes!” Torrie retorted as she started walking. “I’m going home!”
	“Not without me you’re not.” Liam said under his breath. He grabbed Torrie by her jacket and pulled her forcefully to him. She struggled to get free and he slapped her on the other cheek. Her hands freed themselves from the jacket, leaving Torrie in her white undershirt. She screamed for help and started to run towards the road. Liam’s eyes turned yellow and the imprint of the necklace on his neck glowed. He ran on all fours like a wolf towards his prey. Torrie transformed and continued running. Liam came in front of her. Torrie stopped abruptly and returned to human form.
	“Leave me alone!” Torrie shouted
	“You can’t go without me.” Liam stated
	“Why not?” Torrie asked
	“Puterea de lupul este pachetul.” Liam said in Romanian. “The strength of the wolf is the pack.”
	“I don’t need you!” Torrie exclaimed, “I never did!”
	“Without me you would be stuck inside living like a nun!” Liam said, “You should be grateful”
	“I never asked for any of this! Torrie said, “This all new to me! I never wanted this!”
	“I’ll show you something else that’s new to you.” Liam said to himself. He grabbed the waist of Torrie’s jeans by the front and undid her button.
	“What are you doing?” Torrie asked
	Liam did not answer. He took off her undershirt, throwing it on the ground.
	“Let me go!” Torrie shouted, “You little prick!” She picked up her undershirt.
	“Shut up!” Liam shouted the response. He dragged her to a dark corner of the mall. She kicked and screamed as he dragged her. Liam pinned her to a wall and ripped off her jeans. Her screams of defiance could be heard far and wide as her punished her, stealing her innocence.
	When he was done, Liam took a switchblade out of his jeans’ pocket, flipped the blade out and held it at Torrie’s neck. A tsunami of tears flooded Torrie’s face, her expression a mixture of anger, fear and denial. Liam made a small cut on Torrie’ neck before putting on is clothes. His eyes returned to normal and the imprint of the necklace on his neck stopped glowing.
	An unmarked black car parked in the nearby parking lot. Two men shot out of the car in full black clothes with ‘L.A.P.D.’ marked in white on their upper bodies. They heard Torrie’s screams and drew their handguns. They ran swiftly over to where they heard the screams. The men separated.
	“L.A.P.D.” one of the officers said, “Freeze punk!” The officer pointed his gun at the back of Liam’s neck. The other officer put his black jacket over Torrie and brought her to the car in his arms.
	“What are you gonna do? Shoot me?” Liam asked and laughed hysterically.
	“Shut it you son of a…” the police officer said. Before he could finish, Liam knocked the gun out of the police officer’s grasp and ran into the road. The police officer chased Liam was too quick for him. The officer took aim and shot Liam in his leg. Liam took a left turn towards a dead end and a thick forest. The officer that was chasing him went over to the car and kicked the ground at his feet.
	“Where’d he go?” the officer that rescued Torrie asked
	“Towards the dark woods.” Came the response. “Who’s the girl?”
	“Her passport says her name is Torrie Williams.” Hearing her name, Torrie got up and came out of the car.
	“Ms. Williams, we’re sorry to have to ask you this, but do you know who did this to you?” one of the officers asked. Torrie picked up her undershirt from where the act had taken place. It was stained crimson red. She returned to the officers.
	“My…boyfriend…” Torrie answered, “I lost…he took…”
	“It’s ok Ms. Williams.” The other officer said, “We’ll be taking you to the hospital now.”
	“Thank you.” Torrie said as she got back into the car, still clutching onto her soiled undershirt, a reminder of her stolen innocence.
	After a few kilometers, they reached the Good Samaritan Hospital and escorted Torrie into an emergency examination room. She was redressed in a hospital gown.
	Outside of the room, a female nurse was questioning the officers. She wore a blue skirt and blouse outfit with a clipboard in her hand. She looked no older than 25 and no younger than 20 with long black hair tied into a neat bun. She possessed the qualities of a loving older sister.
	“What happened to this girl?” the nurse asked
	“She was raped.” The taller, more muscular officer said
	“Do you know who did it to her?” the nurse, who’s name tag bore the word Joan, asked as she fixed the position of her glasses on her face.
	“We didn’t get a clear look at him.” The older officer said, “But she said her boyfriend did it.”
	“Ok. Thank you for bringing her here officers.” Joan said, “I can take care of her now.” The officers exchanged goodbyes with Joan and left. Joan went inside Torrie’s room and locked the door behind her. Torrie sat up on the bed, her face engulfed in her hands. Her eyes were wet, every teardrop a waterfall. Joan sat beside her and put her arm around Torrie. Torrie’s head fell into Joan’s lap. Joan brushed Torrie’s hair away from her face, revealing her bruises from Liam’s earlier assault. Joan gasped, covering her mouth.
	“He did that to you?” Joan asked, her concern echoed in her face and voice. Torrie nodded her head in agreement and continued her lamentations. Joan got up and went to a medicine cabinet, took out an ice pack and gave it to Torrie.
	“You’ll feel a little better after using this.” Joan said as Torrie placed it on her jaw.
	Torrie groaned as she pressed the ice pack on her jaw. Joan left the room and closed the door behind her. Torrie touched the white bandages that covered the cut on her neck.
	“How could I have been so stupid?” Torrie thought to herself, “I should have left him when he hit me the first time. But if I did, Liam would have killed me. He tried to kill me.” 
	There was a knock on the door and Joan returned with a middle-aged male doctor.
	“Torrie, this is Dr. Jackson.” Joan said, “He’s our examiner.”
	“Hello Ms. Williams.” Dr. Jackson said, “I will just need to do a few examinations to ascertain the condition of your health.”
	“What is he gonna do Joan?” Torrie asked, her pleading eyes avoiding the doctor’s stern glance.
	“Just some standard check-ups Torrie.” Joan answered
	“Can’t you do it Joan?” Torrie asked
	“No, I can’t.” Joan said as the doctor made his way towards Torrie. Torrie inched further up the bed, trying to avoid the doctor’s cold touch.
	“Don’t touch me!” Torrie exclaimed
	“It’s ok Torrie.” Dr. Jackson said
	“Don’t. Touch. Me.” Torrie retorted
	“He won’t hurt you Torrie.” Joan said, “Just try to relax.” Dr. Jackson put his finger on Torrie’s lips.
	“I said not to touch me!” Torrie shouted. Her eyes turned yellow as she transformed, fear and anger escaped her mouth in a deafening howl.

Chapter Twenty-One
Marik and Clover got onto a bus soon after leaving the mall and took seats beside each other in the back row of seats.
	Marik…I’ve been meaning to ask.” Clover said, “Why do you want to visit the crime scene so bad?”
	“I just want to.” Marik said
	“I know you better than that Marik.” Clover said, “It’s no use keeping secrets from me.”
	“It’s not a secret.” Marik stated
	“So tell me.” Clover replied
	“I can’t.” Marik said softly, almost inaudible.
	“Why are you always so secretive Marik?” Clover asked
	“I don’t know.”
	“Uhh.” Clover groaned, “You’re so annoying sometimes.”
	“How?” Marik asked
	“Keeping all those secrets.” Clover answered, “It’s not good for you.”
	“I’m a vampire Clover.” Marik said, “Alcohol and cigarettes don’t affect me. I can’t even get cancer, so a few secrets won’t bother me.”
	“You know that’s not what I meant.” Clover said. The bus came to a stop at a pick-up terminal. Marik and Clover got off after paying the driver and sat under the shelter.
	“You still haven’t answered me Marik.” Clover said, “Why are you always so secretive?”
	“Some secrets are better kept hidden.” Marik stated, “Especially when they concern someone you love.”
	“Are you talking about Isabelle or me?” Clover asked
	“Honestly, I don’t even know right now.” Marik said, “I’m confused.”
	“What do you mean?” Clover asked
	“Every time I look at you, I see you as Clover but Yami sees you as Isabelle.” Marik said
	“So when we were…you know.” Clover said, “Who did you see?”
	“You Clover.” Marik said, “You alone.”
	“Me alone?” Clover asked, “Are you sure?”
	“You both look exactly alike.” Marik said, “But I can tell when I’m looking at you or Isabelle.”
	“How can you tell?” Clover asked
	“I don’t know I just do.” Marik responded
	Clover moved into Marik’s lap and kissed him.
	“You changed your outfit?” Marik asked
	“I bought it at the mall. It’s spandex.” Clover said
	“It looks good on you.” Marik said as he ran his hand along her figure.
	“Since I’m gonna be transforming a lot now, I thought it would be best to get something that would stretch.”
	Marik gave her a black pistol with a silver magazine.
	“Isn’t this my pistol?” Clover asked, “I thought I lost that.”
	“You left it in my room that night.” Marik said, “I just modified it a bit.”
	“How?” Clover asked
	“Open the mag.” Marik said. Clover opened it and looked at the bullets.
	“What are these?” Clover asked. She took out a bullet and examined it.
	“Bullets with a steel casing.” Marik said, “The liquid inside is silver nitrate, the lethal kind.”
	“Where did you get them?” Clover asked while she put back the bullet and reloaded the gun.
	“A truck under the bed in your room.” Marik said	
	“How did you get it to open?” Clover asked, “I’ve been trying to open it for years.”
	“It had this weird lock on it.” Marik said, “But Yami knew how to open it.”
	“What else was in there?” Clover asked. She rested her head on his chest.
	“I’ll show you when we get home.” Marik said
	“Why not just tell me now?” Clover asked
	“It’ll be more exciting at home.” Marik said whispering in her ear.
	“We should hurry and get home then.” Clover said softly.
	They got up and walked to a nearby trail path beside the bus stop. The path lead to a hiking trail in a dense forest. They walked in silence until they reached a fork.
	“Which way should we go?” Clover asked
	“We could try both paths.” Marik said
	“That would take too much time.” Clover stated, “We should split up. You take the right path and I’ll take the left.”
	“Fine. Just keep your gun loaded.” Marik said, “And make sure you use it.”
	“Why can’t I just use my power?” Clover asked, “You said I should get used to it.”
	“We can’t risk a mortal finding out you’re a hybrid.” Marik said, “Use that power as a last resort.”
	“Trust me.” Clover said, “If I do they won’t be alive long enough to figure out what I am.
	“I believe you.” Marik said. He gave Clover a kiss on her forehead. “Keep safe.”
	“I will.” Clover said as they separated. Marik’s eyes turned red as he sprinted up the path.
	“You need to tell her.” Yami said
	“Tell her what?” Marik asked
	“About Isabelle.” Yami stated, “And about the origin of vampires and werewolves.”
	“The origin story I understand.” Marik said, “But why tell Clover about Isabelle?”
	“Because she deserves to know about her past.” Yami said, “And one more thing.”
	“What is it?” Marik asked
	“I suspect that Isabelle Tenfon is still alive.” Yami said. Marik stopped abruptly. 	
	“Are you sure?” Marik asked
	“Yes.”
	“But how?” Marik asked, “I saw them…the elders. They…drained all the blood from her veins.
	“Sit.” Yami said, “And I will show you.”
	A scene came into focus in front of Marik’s eyes. It was inside a 15th century operating room. The room was dark, except the few candles that dotted the black walls. The brown oak door creaked as it was pushed open. Two men dressed in red and black cloaks walked towards a table covered with a white sheet in the center of the room.
	“Bring in the girl!” one of them shouted. Four men all dressed in the same red and black cloaks carried a teenage girl, kicking and screaming, into the room and pinned her onto the table. They bounded her hands and feet in chains attached to the floor. One of the men lit a lamp and hung it on an overhead hook on the ceiling.
	“Summon the prince!” the one that hung the lamp shouted. One of the men went out of the room. A few minutes later Marik pushed open the door, followed by the man.
	“What is the meaning of this?” Marik shouted, “Release her this instant!”
	“Settle down my prince.” One of the men said, “This is for the good of the entire vampire race.”
	“Marik!” the girl on the table shouted, “Help me!”
	Marik was about to move when two of the men grabbed him.
	“I cannot allow that Marik.” The head elder said, “A destroyer like you can’t have such a powerful ally.”
	“Let her go!” Marik shouted	
	“Oh, we will.” The head elder said, “After we drain her.”
	Marik smirked. “She’s a hybrid. Drinking her blood would kill you.”
	“Wipe that smirk off your face you arrogant little prick!” the head elder said
	“Why should I?” Marik asked confidently.
	“Because you’re going to stand there and watch your ‘twilight princess’ die.” One of the elders holding Marik said.
	Marik struggled to break free of the men’s grasp, but could not.
	“Don’t want to stand?” the other man asked, “Then knell before your elders!” Both men kicked Marik’s knees from the back and he fell knelling, his arms held behind him in the air.
	“Bastards!” Marik exclaimed. His eyes turned red.
	“Enough time wasting!” the head elder shouted, “Give me the needle!” One of the men took a syringe out of a large wooden bucket. The syringe was attached to a clear tube that lead to the bottom of the bucket. The head elder took the syringe and shoved it into the girl’s arm; a scream of terror enveloped the room. Blood flowed from the tube like the Red Sea, slowly filling the bucket.
	“Isabelle!” Marik shouted as he watched her body turn pale, limp and finally dry.
	“It’s no use Marik. She can’t hear you.” His father said as he entered the room followed by his mother.
	“King Alexander…Queen Catherine.” The elders said as they bowed.
	“You knew about this?” Marik asked, infuriated. “You both did?”
	“I truly am sorry Marik, but it had to be done.” Catherine said. She was of slim built, with red hair and a brown, freckled face with maroon eyes.
	“She trusted you.” Marik said with his head down. “You said you loved her like a daughter. Is that how you treat your daughter? Drain her dry?”
	Ominous silence filled the room. Marik got up and turned towards his parents.
	“Answer me!” Marik exclaimed 
	“She was too dangerous Marik,” his father said, “Almost as dangerous as you are.”
	“So why not just kill me too, if I’m that dangerous?” Marik asked
	“Because you’re the child of prophecy.” His mother said, “And my son.”
	Marik turned towards the elders and drew his sword. The sword had a shimmering silver double-edged blade, a leather-wrapped bronze handle and a flat hilt riveted with bronze studs. He pointed it at the head elder.
	“Mark my words.” Marik said, “I will kill you! All of you!” He pointed the sword at his parents. “All. Of. You.”
	The scene suddenly faded and he saw Clover standing beside him. Marik got up and hugged her.
	“I’ve been trying to wake you up for the past 10 minutes Marik.” Clover said, “You just sat there with your eyes wide open. What happened?”
	“Yami.” Marik said, “He showed me one of my blood memories…the only one I wanted to forget.”
	“Which one is that?” Clover asked
	“I can’t tell you Clover.” Marik said, “It’s too painful.”
	“It’s something to do with Isabelle doesn’t it?” Clover asked, the jealousy hidden from view in her face.
	“Yes, it does.” Marik said, “But can we just go home now? I’ll tell you about it then.”
	“What about your parent’s crime scene?” Clover asked
	“I’m not going.” Marik said, “They deserved to die.”
	“Marik…you shouldn’t say things like that.” Clover said
	“I’ll tell you about it later.” Marik said, “When we get home.”
	“Whatever they did, I’m sure that it’s not as bad as you see it Marik.” Clover said
	“Yes, it is.” Marik said, “In fact they deserve worse than death.”
	Clover said nothing as they walked back to the bus stop. They boarded the next bus and made their way home. At her doorstep, Clover stopped Marik and pulled him aside.
	“What’s the matter?” Marik asked
	“What’s the matter?” Clover said mockingly. “You are!”
	“What did I do?” Marik asked
	“It’s what you didn’t do while we were on the bus.” Clover said, “You acted like you didn’t even know me!”
	“I was distracted.” Marik said
	“Too distracted to even look at me?” Clover asked, rage filling her voice. “Am I dead to you now?”
	“It’s hard to explain.” Marik said
	“Everything is hard to explain with you!” Clover exclaimed
	“Can you just calm down for one second and let me explain?” Marik asked
	“Fine.”
	“Yami showed me one of my blood memories.” Marik said, “You know what a blood memory is right?”
	“No.”
	“A blood memory is a detailed record of a vampire’s life or legacy.” Marik stated, “A dead vampire can be awakened by a vampire elder feeding the dead vampire his or her blood.”
	“So vampires are basically invincible then.” Clover said
	“Not quite.” Marik said, “Very few vampires lead lives interesting enough to be awakened. Only members of the royal family and vampire elders can be awakened.”
	“Continue.”
	In the blood memory, Isabelle was chained to a table in an operating room. The elders summoned me and I saw her kicking and screaming. I tried to help her but two of the elders grabbed me. The head elder took a syringe with a clear tube attached out of a wooden bucket and shoved the needle into her arm. They drained every drop of blood from her body-she was a hybrid that time- I screamed out her name then my parents walked in. They had organized the whole thing. I vowed to kill all of them. But I was weak then, too weak to even look at her body still chained to the table.” Marik said as he looked at the ring on his finger.
	“Marik…I didn’t know.” Clover said, “I’m sorry for flaring out on you.”
	“It’s ok.” Marik said, “I would have done that to me too.”
	“You don’t have to be angry at yourself.” Clover said, “It wasn’t your fault.”
	“I let my emotions get the better of me.” Marik said, “I’m not gonna let that happen again.”
	Clover walked towards the door. She turned the knob but the door was locked. She knelt at the door.
	“Do you smell that?” Clover asked
	“What?” Marik asked as he walked towards the door. A pungent odour was escaping from the house. Marik grabbed Clover and ran in to the street. They turned around just in time to see the house explode in a blaze of red and yellow flames, a man and woman screamed in pain.
	“My parents were in there.” Clover said as she started to cry. Marik hugged her and turned her away, cursing silently in Romanian. He closed his eyes and hugged her tighter.
	“We’ll be ok Clover.” Marik said, “Don’t worry.” She buried her face in his chest, her eyes pouring waterfalls. Marik’s eyes turned red.
	“I’m ok.” Clover said, her voice wet with tears
	“We’ll get whoever did this Clover.” Marik said. He lifted her face and wiped her eyes slowly, softly with his thumb. “Trust me.”
	“What are we gonna do now?” Clover asked, her eyes red and swollen with tears.
	“Go to the vampire underworld.” We’ll need help if we’re gonna find out who did this.
	“Why do we need help?” Clover asked. Suddenly, a dog’s howl was heard coming from the ruins of Clover’s house. Clover touched the gun at her waist.
	“Clover, it could have just been one of the neighbour’s dogs.” Marik said
	Clover ignored him, drew the gun and went slowly towards the sound.
	“Don’t even think about trying to stop her.” Yami commanded, “You of all people know better.”
	“Fine. But if anything happens to her, it’s on your head.” Marik responded
	A wolf jumped at Clover from the shadows. She shot it twice in the heart. The wolf, a male, returned to human form. With tears in her eyes, Clover shot it three more times in the head. She put the gun back in its holster and kicked the body. Clover’s eyes changed as she transformed. She sunk her talons in the man’s chest, ripping out his heart.
	“Clover! That’s enough!” Marik shouted. Clover leaned against a blackened wall that was still standing. She returned to human form. Clover gasped. She stood there, frozen in time, her eyes wide open.
	“Blood memory.” Marik said, “But how could she have any?”
	“You bit her.” Yami stated, “She’s seeing your memories.”
	“But it’s not possible.” Marik said, “She was mortal before.”
	“She is the mortal descendant of a hybrid.” Yami said, “One you helped to create.”
	Clover collapsed and hit the ground with a thud. Marik went over to her and took her up. He hailed a passing cab that took them to the nearest hospital.
	Clover woke up in a hospital bed with Marik sitting beside her.
	“Morning sunshine.” Marik said, “How are you?”
	“I feel like someone cracked my skull then burnt it.” Clover said
	“No one did, thankfully.” A nurse said as she came into the room. She was a dark-skinned, middle aged woman of average height with short brown hair and brown eyes. Her name tag showed the word Amanda. “How are you feeling Clover? Ready to get out of here?”
	“Where am I?” Clover asked
	“The Good Samaritan Hospital.” Amanda said, “You had a concussion.”
	“I’m feeling fine.” Cover said
	“You recovered faster than anyone I’ve ever seen.” Amanda said, “Somebody up there must really be looking out for you.” He pointed to the sky.
	“So how long have I been here?” Clover asked
	“A couple of hours.” Amanda replied
	“So when can we leave?” Marik asked
	“As soon as possible.” Amanda said, “After we run a blood test.”
	“That’s fine.” Clover said
	“I’ll be back in an hour to do the tests.” Amanda said as she left and locked the door.
	Clover sat up. “I have something to tell you Marik.”
	“About the blood memory?” Marik asked
	“Yeah. I had two of them actually?”
	“Two?” Marik asked
	“Yeah. The first was about the origin stories.” Clover said, “I only saw pictures so you’ll need to explain them to me.”
	“Ok. I’ll start with the werewolf origin since it’s simpler.” Marik said, “As the story goes, a lot of humans believed that they owed their lives to Prometheus rather than to the gods and goddesses of Mount Olympus. For that reason, many refused to worship them according to Zeus’s rules. A few chose to do more than refuse to worship the gods, however. They went so far as to challenge them out right. The worst of the bunch was a man named Lycaon. He constantly spoke out against the Olympians, cursing their names and uttering blasphemies. Zeus grew tired of Lycaon’s attitude and decided to teach him a lesson. He took mortal form and went into Lycaon’s village, sharing his identity with many of the humans that he met along the way. Most humans, once they knew who he really was, began to worship the king of the gods according to his will. Of course Lycaon wasn’t about to do that. Still, he gave the appearance that he was going to listen to what Zeus had to say. He invited him to dinner to discuss what he needed to do in order to gain favor with the gods.However, Lycaon never intended to keep his end of the bargain. Quite the opposite, in fact, he intended to commit the most grievous act of desecration of which he could conceive.In his dungeon, Lycaon had many prisoners because he was a wealthy man who could get away with almost any act imaginable. His prisoners were all people that he had decided had dishonored him in some way or who had dared to try and take a morsel of bread from his table.He took one of his prisoners and slit his throat. He then dismembered the poor soul, to use his body as meat for the stew that he planned to serve for dinner.Once the meal was prepared and set on the table, Lycaon invited Zeus and his entourage into the dining area. But Zeus immediately smelled the meat and knew what Lycaon had done. Using his thunderbolts, he struck the table, sending the food flying and finally capturing the attention of his so-called host.Suddenly Lycaon realized he had made a grave error and he began running for his life, with Zeus in hot pursuit. But as he ran, he realized that something was happening to him. His cries became snarls and growls. His body dropped to all fours and began to alter painfully. His nose became a snout and his ears became pointed. Hair sprung up all over his body and his teeth became sharp and pointed.Zeus laughed, thinking that he had taught the human a valuable lesson; but the joke was on him. Lycaon discovered that he liked his new condition because it allowed him to continue his bloodthirsty ways. He killed sheep, goats, and humans with reckless abandon until the villagers grew tired of his reign of terror and dispatched him to Tartarus.”
	“Wow…that’s a lot.” Clover said
	“The vampiric origin is more complex.” Marik said. Clover leaned on him.
	“Continue.”
	“Ok.” Marik said, “Ambrogio was a young adventurer. Born and raised in Italy, he had always longed to travel to Greece to have his fortune told by the Oracle of Delphi. When he was an adult, he got on a boat and sailed to the western edge of Greece, near Astakos. He traveled east until he eventually reached the city of Delphi. Delphi was home to a great temple of Apollo, the sun god. It was also the home of the Pythia, better known as the Oracles. The Pythia would sit in a chamber within the temple and speak of prophecies, inspired by Apollo, to those who came to seek the Oracle’s wisdom. When Ambrogio finally arrived at the temple, he went to speak to the Pythia. The Pythia, whose words were often cryptic, said only a few words: “The curse. The moon. The blood will run. He couldn’t sleep that night. He stayed awake outside of the temple, pondering the meaning of the Pythia’s words. As the sun rose in the morning he realized that he had not slept. As he walked back toward the town he saw a beautiful woman dressed in white robes walking to the temple. He ran over to her and introduced himself. Her name was Selene, and she was a maiden of the temple. Her sister was the Oracle, and so Selene tended to the temple and took care of her sister while in her entranced state. For the next few days every morning Ambrogio met Selene at dawn before she entered the temple. They soon fell in love. On his last day in Greece, Ambrogio asked Selene to marry him and return with him to Italy. She agreed. He said he would make the preparations then meet her at dawn the next morning at their meeting spot outside the temple. Apollo, the sun god, had been watching. He, himself, had taken a liking to the beautiful Selene and was enraged that Ambrogio would come to his temple and take one of his maidens away. At sunset that night, Apollo appeared to Ambrogio and cursed him so that from that day forth a mere touch of Apollo’s sunlight would burn Ambrogio’s skin. Ambrogio was distraught. He was set to leave with Selene in the morning, but he would not be able to meet her at sunrise as he promised because of the curse. Having nowhere else to turn, he ran to a cave that led to Hades for protection. Hades, god of the underworld, listened to his tale and made him a deal – if he could steal the sliver bow of Artemis and bring it back, Hades would grant him and Selene protection in the underworld. The deal specified that Hades would give Ambrogio a magical wooden bow and 11 arrows to hunt with. He was to offer his hunting trophies to Artemis in order to gain her favor and steal her silver bow. As collateral, Ambrogio had to leave his soul in Hades until he returned with the bow. Should he return without the silver bow, he would have to live in Hades forever, never to return to Selene. Having no other choice, Ambrogio agreed. He had no way to contact Selene. He had parchments, but no writing implement, so he took his bow and arrow and killed a swan. Using its feather as a pen, and its blood as the ink, he wrote her a note explaining that he could not meet with her but would find a way for them to be together. He left the note in their meeting place and ran off to find a place to hide from the sunlight. Naturally, Selene was devastated when she found the note, but she kept working at the temple as she did not want to anger Apollo any further. The next morning, Selene went back to the meeting place, but once again Ambrogio was not there. She saw another piece of parchment with writing in blood on it. It was a love poem from Ambrogio. Before morning for 44 days Ambrogio slew a swan and used its blood to write Selene a love poem. After draining the blood and taking a single feather he offered the body of the swan as a tribute to Artemis, the goddess of hunting and the moon, and also sister to Apollo. He hoped that even if he could not steal her bow, she would be honored by the tribute and would be able to convince her brother Apollo to remove the curse. On the 45th night, Ambrogio had only one arrow left. He shot it at a swan and missed, the arrow sailing into the distance. He had neither the blood to write Selene’s poem nor the swan to sacrifice to Artemis. He fell to the ground and wept. Seeing how good of a hunter and how dedicated of a follower Ambrogio had been, Artemis came down to him. He begged Artemis to let him borrow her bow and an arrow so he could kill one last bird and leave one final note to Selene. Artemis took pity on him and agreed to let him borrow her silver bow and an arrow. He took the bow, and in desperation, ran to the cave that led to Hades. Artemis realized what was happening and cast her own curse on him. The curse caused all silver burn his skin. Ambrogio dropped the silver bow and fell to the ground in pain. Artemis was furious at his deceit, but he begged her for forgiveness. He explained the deal he was forced to make with Hades, his curse by Apollo, and his love for Selene. He apologized profusely and swore that he had no other choice. Artemis took pity on him again and decided to give him one last chance. She offered to make him a great hunter, almost as great as she was, with the speed and strength of a god and fangs with which to drain the blood of the beasts to write his poems. In exchange for this immortality, he would have to agree to a deal. He and Selene would have to escape Apollo’s temple and worship only Artemis forever. The catch was that Artemis was a virgin goddess, and all of her followers had to remain chaste and unmarried, so Ambrogio was never allowed to touch Selene again. They could never kiss, never touch, and never have children. Ambrogio agreed. At least this way he and Selene could be together. He killed another swan and left Selene a note telling her to meet him on a ship at the docks. Before dawn the next morning, she saw the note and ran away before Apollo could notice. When Selene arrived at the dock she found Ambrogio’s ship and met him down in the hull. There was a wooden coffin with a note on it, telling her to order the ship’s captain to set sail, and to open the coffin only after the sun had set. She did as the note said, and after sunset she opened the coffin to find Ambrogio alive and well. The couple sailed to Ephesus, where they lived in a cave during the day and worshiped Artemis at her grand temple every night. They lived happily together for many years, never touching, never kissing, and never having children. After a number of years, Ambrogio’s immortality allowed him to stay young, but Selene continued to age as a mortal. She finally fell ill and was on her deathbed. Ambrogio was distraught, knowing that he would not join Selene in the afterlife because his soul still resided in Hades. At night, he went into the woods and found a white swan swimming alone in a small lake. He killed the swan and offered it to Artemis, begging for her to make Selene immortal so they could stay together forever. Artemis appeared to him. Thankful for his years of dedication and worship, she made him one last deal. Artemis told Ambrogio that he could touch Selene just once – to drink her blood. Doing so would kill her mortal body, but from then on, her blood mixed with his could create eternal life for any who drink of it. If he did this, Artemis would see to it that they stayed together forever. Ambrogio wanted to refuse, but after telling Selene what happened, Selene begged him to do it. After much convincing, he bit her neck and took her blood into his body. As he set her limp body down, Selene began to radiate with light, and raise up to the sky. Ambrogio watched as Selene’s glowing spirit lifted to meet Artemis at the moon. When she arrived, the moon lit up with a brilliant light. Selene became the goddess of moonlight, and every night she would reach down with her rays of light to the earth and finally touch her beloved Ambrogio as well as all of their children – the newly created vampires who carried the blood of Ambrogio and Selene, together.” 
	After a while, Clover responded, “That’s a lot to take in, but it’s romantic.”
	“It is. It took me a while to learn and memorize that when I was younger.” Marik said
	“But why are most of the names Greek?” Clover asked
	“I told you the Greek origin stories.” Marik stated
	“Why?” Clover asked, “I thought vampires and werewolves were Romanian.”
	“The two races are scattered throughout the world, but originated in Greece.” Marik said, “Dracula is the one that made Romania famous.” He wrapped an arm around Clover.
	“I had another blood memory.” Clover said, “A weird one. It was scary.”
	“Tell me about it.” Marik said
	“I was in a black dress standing in front of a large gate made of black diamond and it was guarded by a three-headed dog.” Clover said, “I touched the gate and it opened slowly. It was like that dog was leading me through a maze of corridors in a palace until I reached a throne room. There was a man seated beside a woman. Then the man stood up and told me to come closer. I did. The man reached out and touched my cheek. I felt this weird feeling when he touched me. When he moved his hand, this black fog started to surround me.”
	Marik sat silently, looking at Clover’s cheek, his eyes lost in thought. Clover stopped, looked at him, and then continued speaking.
	“Then the woman stood up. She was young…young and beautiful, but she looked miserable.” Clover said, “She told him to stop, that I’m not the one they want. The man told her to shut up. He called her Persephone.
	“What happened after that?” Marik asked with a sudden thirst for more.
	“The man agreed and the black fog disappeared.” Clover said, “Then he said something weird…too weird to say out loud.”
	“What did he say?” Marik asked
	“That his son would only come to him if he has me.” Clover said
	“His son?” Marik asked
	“The woman called a name, but I might have heard wrong.” Clover said
	“Tell me the name Clover.” Marik said, “It might be someone we know.”
	Clover paused for a moment, and then said, “Marik Darkblade.”
	Silence camped in the room. After a while, Marik spoke. “That wasn’t a blood memory Clover. It was a vision.”
	“A vision?” Clover asked, “How could I have a vision?”
	“If my assumption is correct, you were in Hades, the Underworld. You were speaking with the god the Underworld himself, Hades.” Marik answered, “The woman, Persephone, is his wife.”
	“So you’ve never been there?” Clover asked
	“No, never in my life.” Marik responded, “Or afterlife.”
	“So why did Hades call you his son?” Clover asked
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “But how is that even possible?” I’m a born vampire.” 
	“We’ll sort that out later Marik.” Clover said, “Maybe the Elders can help.”
	Marik was about to swear when the nurse came back in the room. “I should go now Clover. I’ll be in the waiting room.”
	“You can stay Marik.” Amanda said, “I would like to drink –ahem- I’m sorry, take some of your blood for a test, just to see if you’re alright.” 
	“Did you just say drink my blood?” Marik asked
	“No, I said take some of your blood.” Amanda retorted
	“I heard drink.” Clover said
	“Who are you?” Marik asked staring at her. “Answer me!”
	“Guards!” Amanda shouted. The guards, four men, came in and surrounded Marik.
	Marik’s eyes turned black and the white changed to red as he channeled Dracula’s power. He changed his sword from its ring form. “Don’t. Take. Another. Step.”
	Amanda called off the guards. They went back into the hallway. “Those eyes…that sword…” she said, “Lord Dracula.” Amanda bowed.
	Clover got up and stood beside Marik, putting her black cloak over her spandex outfit.
	“My name is Marik Darkblade, not Dracula.” Marik said, “But how do you know how to call me by that name?”
	“My Prince…don’t you recognize me?” Amanda asked
	“Is he supposed to?” Clover asked
	“Out with!” Marik said pointing his sword at Amanda, “Who are you?”
	“Perhaps you remember me with long, black hair.” Amanda said
	A few seconds later, Marik turned the sword back into a ring. “Lady Amanda.” He said, “You cut your hair.”
	“Lady Amanda?” Clover asked, “Who is she Marik?”
	“One of the Elders.” Marik said, “The only one that was against what was done to Isabelle.”
	“I’m not an Elder anymore Marik.” Amanda said solemnly. “I was excommunicated from the clan.” She stood up.
	“Why?” Clover asked
	“So called high treason to the Darkblade royal family.” Amanda said
	“That’s bullshit!” Clover exclaimed
	“You know of Isabelle’s death?” Amanda asked, “How?”
	“I told her.” Marik said, “Her name is Clover Tenfon by the way.”
	“Tenfon…you do look a lot like Isabelle.” Amanda said
	“I’ve heard that before.” Clover said her voice stroked with annoyance.
	Marik looked at Clover. She sat on the bed and loosened the braid in her hair.
	“Anyways Amanda, do you know where the Underground is?” Marik asked, “We need to get there.”
	“I do. I’m going there when my shift is over in half an hour.” Amanda said, “I’ll bring you two with me.”
	“Hey, Amanda, do you have a hairbrush I could borrow?” Clover asked
	“Sure sweetie.” Amanda replied. She took a hairbrush from the side pocket on her blouse.
	Clover smiled and she accepted the brush. “Thank you.”
	Amanda nodded and went towards the door. She stopped at the door turned towards Marik and said, “She even smiles the same Marik. You’re a very lucky young man, being able to repeat the past so effortlessly. Not many people get that chance.” Amanda closed the door behind her.
	Marik sat on the bed beside Clover. She put down the brush on the bed, her hair now gently massaging her back. Marik ran his hand over her hair, following its smooth flow.
	“I love when your hair is like this.” Marik said and kissed Clover’s forehead.
	“Were Isabelle and Amanda close?” Clover asked, “I like her.”
	“They were like sisters.” Marik said

Chapter Twenty-Two
When Amanda’s shift was over, she picked up Marik and Clover and they left the hospital. They walked to the parking lot. Amanda went over to a red sports car and opened it. 
	“Get in.” Amanda said
	“You drive that?” Marik asked
	“Why can’t she?” Clover asked, “I like it.”
	“I didn’t say she couldn’t.” Marik said
	“Marik, you should know by now, it’s best not to argue.” Amanda said jokingly. “Just accept what she says.” Amanda smiled at him.
	Marik said nothing as he went into the back of the car, followed by Clover. They drove off.
	After a while, Marik broke the silence, with Clover resting her head on his shoulder. “Wait…Amanda.” Marik said, “If you were excommunicated, how can you go the vampire underground?”
	“The Elders are in Romania.” Amanda said, “Alucard leads the rest of the clan here.”
	“Alucard?” Clover asked, “Who is that?”
	“Dracula’s only son.” Marik said, “And the Commanding General of the army.”
	“He’s also Marik’s friend.” Amanda said, “One of the few left.”
	“He’s more of a rival.” Marik said, “We became friends because we were equal in strength. Every duel we had ended in a draw.”
	“So you were sparring partners?” Clover asked
	“Brothers in arms.” Marik replied
	“Isn’t Alucard evil?” Clover asked, “Being the son of Dracula and all.”
	“Not entirely.” Marik responded, “He was a mortal at first, conceived before his father, Dracula, was turned.”
	“So who turned him?” Clover asked
	“His father did.” Marik said, “Alucard’s mother named him William and hid him from his father, hoping that William would one day end Dracula’s reign of terror in Romania.”
	“What happened?” Clover asked
	“When William was 17, his mother was killed my members of Dracula’s corrupted army. When he was 18, he set out for Dracula’s castle, hell-bound on defeating him to avenge his mother.” Marik said, “However, William was killed in the battle. With his last dying breath, William told Dracula the truth, he was Dracula’s son. Angered, Dracula fed William some of his blood, slowly reviving him over time. William awoke a year later after and vowed to not be like the father before him. So he named himself Alucard, Dracula spelled backwards, and the mirror image of his father.” 
	“So he isn’t evil?” Clover asked
	“It depends on what you call evil.” Marik answered. The car came to a halt at what appeared to be a run-down blacksmith’s shop, with cracked, brick walls and a roof that needed patching.
	“Is this it?” Marik asked, “I expected more from Alucard.” 
	“You’ll see.” Amanda said as the trio got out of the car. Amanda knocked on the red metal door. “It’s Amanda.” She said, “I have to very special people with me.”
	“Wait here.” A rough male voice said. Footsteps and hushed voices could be heard. Some minutes later, the man returned to the door and opened it. He looked at Marik for a few seconds. “Prince Marik.” The man said as he knelled, “We thought you were dead.” He got up.
	“Omar, it’s good to see you again.” Marik said, “Come inside. Lord Alucard is waiting for you.”
	“Since when did Alucard become a lord?” Marik asked as they walked inside.
	“A few months ago.” Omar said, “The Sisters of Fate came and gave him the title. They said that the world needed a new dark lord since Dracula died.”
	Marik and Clover exchanged glances. Omar punched a code into a dial pad on a broken-down, concrete wall. The door beside the wall moved and a white light immerged.
	“Come on.” Amanda said. Clover walked into the light, followed by Marik, Omar and Amanda.
	“Wow…” Clover said, baffled. The interior of the building was an 18th century style mansion. Black walls were decorated with red candles holding up dancing white lights. Red carpet caressed the floors, with elegant, velvet chairs throughout the room. People – vampires – sat in groups, sipping what appeared to be red wine from crystal glasses and talking. “This is amazing…”
	“I’m glad you like it.” A man said as he walked towards them. His skin was pale white and his hair was white with slight accents of silver. The black eyes that bejeweled his face added to his aura of corrupted purity. He wore a red cape with a black jacket consisting of side seams held together by four square brooches that run down vertically, a belt and black pants. He also wore a large red cravat around his neck. A sword was around his waist.
	“Lord Alucard.” Amanda and Omar said in unison.
	“That’s Alucard?” Clover asked, “I thought he would be more…”
	“More of the – I’ll kill you and drain you dry – vampire?” Marik asked
	“Yeah.” Clover replied as Alucard stopped in front of them.
	“If it isn’t Marik Darkblade.” Alucard said putting his right hand on Marik’s shoulder. “How long has it been?”
	“Alucard.” Marik said putting his left hand on Alucard’s shoulder. “It’s been centuries.”
	Alucard looked at Clover. “And who might you be?” He kissed her right hand. “You look strangely familiar.”
	“Clover Tenfon.” She answered
	“Now Alucard is that any way to treat our honoured guests?” a female voice said. A young woman came from the group of woman sitting and stood beside Alucard. Her skin was as pale as Alucard’s and her long black hair and green eyes heightened her beauty. She wore a short black evening dress of a modern design and black platform heels. “At least offer them some drinks.” Omar and Amanda moved off.
	“Hello Valeri.” Marik said and kissed her right hand. “How have you been?”
	“I’m fine.” Valeri answered, “I’m still young after all.” A waiter came and handed them drinks of scarlet blood.
	“Come into the study with me.” Alucard said, “We have much to discuss.” They climbed an elegant staircase to the 2cd floor and to a large oak door at the end of the pathway. Alucard opened the door and they walked in. The walls were fully clothed in bookshelves. The only furniture in the room was a rectangular wooden desk covered mile-high with papers and books with a single chair behind it.
	“So what should we start with?” Marik asked, “I’ve missed out on a lot.”
	“I want to know how my father died.” Alucard said
	“You don’t know?” Marik asked
	“The Sister’s never told me.” Alucard said, “They just came and gave me the title.”
	“Your father told me that his time was up, that he was only brought back to life to help me fulfill the prophecy.” Marik said, “Before he died, he forced me to drink the blood from his veins. 
	“Did you?” Alucard asked
	“I had to.” Marik said, “He gave me his power. The same power you have.”
	Alucard got up from around the table and pulled one of the books on one of the bookshelves. The floor began to move downward. It stopped at a small, dark arena with a stone floor. The room was dimly lit with the same red candles.
	“Let’s see that power then.” Alucard said, “Do you still know how to fight?”
	“I wouldn’t be alive if I forgot.” Marik stated
	Alucard smirked. “Alucard then.” He pointed to a rack of swords on the wall beside him. “Pick one.”
	“I already have a sword.” Marik said. He took the ring off his finger, touched the gold gem, and the ring turned into a sword.
	“Is that…Dracula’s…sword?” Alucard asked
	“Yes.” Marik said, “I got it as a gift from my uncle.”
	“Let me see.” Alucard said. Marik handed him the weapon. Alucard ran his finger on the blade, brushing the runes. “I don’t remember the runes being black.”
	“When he died, Dracula’s soul flew into the blade.” Marik stated. 
	Alucard’s eyes turned red and he handed the sword back to Marik. He drew the sword at his waist. It was a long, one-handed sword with a silver blade and a gold handle with a silver cross in the center of the handle.
	“Are you ready Marik?” Alucard asked
	“As always.” Marik answered as his eyes turned red.
	They faced each other. Clover and Valeri moved against one of the walls. With a blur of motion Alucard jumped at Marik. Marik reflexively parried the attack, and took their swords met in a shower of sparks.
	“No going easy on easily on me Marik.” Alucard stated
	Engaged in an elegant dance, their bodies were linked and separated by flashing blades. At times they nearly touched, taut skin a hair’s length away, but the momentum would whirl them apart. They would withdraw for a second, only to join again. Their graceful forms wove together as twisting ropes of air.
	The pair fought for what seemed like an eternity. Time had no meaning, the duel filled with nothing but action and reaction. The swords grew leaden in their hands, their arms burned ferociously with every stroke. 
	At last, Marik summoned Dracula’s power, his eyes changing accordingly. Alucard followed suit, his eyes now the same as Marik’s.
	“”Now the real fight begins.” Alucard stated
	“Agreed.” Marik said, “I’ve never seen you fight with your father’s power.”
	“It wasn’t necessary.” Alucard said, “Until now.”
	They continued their dance, their movements’ invisible, tracked by only the sound and sparks as metal clashed against metal. They paused for a moment and exchanged swords with unspoken communication, sweat drowning their brows. The strikes grew slower by a millisecond as they adjusted their hands to the weight of the blades, and then returned to its supernatural speed.
	“How long is this going to go on?” Clover and Valeri asked in union. Finally, Marik and Alucard froze as the arctic metal of each other’s sword touched their skin.
	“Enough!” Alucard exclaimed, “This duel is going nowhere.”
	“You’re even more skilled now, it’s amazing.” Marik said, “William.”
	“Very few people on this earth have gained my respect enough to call me by that name.” Alucard said, “You’re lucky I don’t cut you to pieces.”
	“You couldn’t even if you wanted to.” Marik said
	“Prove it then.” Alucard said
	“We just did.” Marik answered
	“Cut it out you two.” Valeri said, “Don’t you have something for our prince Alucard?”
	“What’s that?” Clover asked. Alucard went over to a large wooden chest at the wall adjacent to them. He opened it and took out an object wrapped in white cloth. He returned and handed the sword to Marik.
	Marik unwrapped the object slowly.
	Clover gasped. “Marik…isn’t that…”
	“The sword from my blood memory.” Marik said as he weighted the sword in his hand. “Thank you.” He removed the ring from his finger and said remove the spell in Romanian, “Scoateți vraja.” A white light flashed around the sword as it fell to the ground. Marik picked it up and gave it to Alucard.
	“I cannot accept it Marik.” Alucard said, “It was a gift from your uncle.”
	“Don’t be foolish Alucard.” Marik said, “It’s your father’s sword, the only thing he would have left for you. It’s your birthright.”
	Alucard thankfully accepted his father’s sword but eyed it ominously. “This weapon carries a terrible history.” He said, “Even the blood of vampires. I feel like I’m betraying our kind by just wearing it.”
	“Then forge a new history with it.” Marik said, “Remember, you’re not the one destined to murder everyone in your race. I am.” His voice was melancholy.
	Alucard put the sword in the hilt on his belt. “That was a great battle.” He said, “I haven’t felt this worked up in centuries.”
	“I wouldn’t want you as an enemy.” Marik said, “We would kill each other.”
	“Let’s see the girls fight now.” Alucard said jokingly.
	“Fine.” Valeri said
	“I don’t see a problem.” Clover said, “I’ll try not to hurt you Valeri.”
	“Looks like Marik’s rubbing off on you Clover.” Alucard said
	“Nope. That’s her attitude right there.” Marik said
	Clover and Valeri stood silently facing each other. Valeri’s eyes turned red and her fangs showed. She kicked at Clover. Clover dodged.
	“It’s ok Clover.” Marik said, “Don’t be afraid of your power.”
	Clover nodded her head in agreement. He eyes changed and she transformed.
	“You never told me she was a hybrid!” Valeri exclaimed as her eyes reverted to their normal colour.
	Clover returned to human form. Valeri hugged her. “I’m so jealous.” Valeri said
	“Marik…even after what happened to Isabelle…you still turned her reincarnation into a hybrid?” Alucard asked, shocked.
	“Reincarnation?” Clover asked, “What are you talking about?”
	“Let’s go Clover.” Valeri said, “I’ll explain it to you. It’s best to leave the boys alone with this topic.” Clover agreed and the girls left.
	“Are you going mad?” Alucard asked his Romanian accent evident. “You remember, do you not? How they drained her dry?”
	“I do.” Marik answered, “But I’ll make sure that doesn’t happen again.”
	“She will still die Marik.” Alucard said, “The Fates ordained it.”
	“Curse the Fates!” Marik exclaimed, “They can go rot in Hades for all I care!”
	“You shouldn’t talk like that about the Fates Marik.” Alucard stated, “You know what they’re capable of.”
	“I don’t care!” Marik retorted, “I won’t allow it. Before I do, I’ll kill her myself. Tension replaced the air in the room.

Chapter Twenty-Three
Valeri and Clover resurfaced to the study. Valeri took a book off the middle shelf. Clover sat behind the desk. Valeri dusted centuries of dust from the front cover. The word Isabelle was written in gold italic letters. She gave it to Clover.
	“Sorry to drag you out of there Clover.” Valeri said, “The boys can get a little touchy when they talk about Isabelle.”
	“Is she what this book is about?” Clover asked
	“Yes. It will explain everything.” Valeri said, “You’ll see why everyone says you remind them of Isabelle.”
	Clover flipped through the pages as an old interest shone in her eyes. When she was finished, Clover closed the book.
	“What did the book say?” Valeri asked
	“You’ve never read it?” Clover asked
	“I fought alongside Isabelle; I don’t need to read it.” Valeri stated, “I just want to see if there’s any tainted information.”
	“It said she was beautiful, wise and strong.” Clover said, “Like Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom and crafts.”
	“That’s all?” Valeri asked
	“It also said how she became the twilight princess.” Clover added, “And how she died.” Clover picked up the book and a small black and white painting of Isabelle fell out onto the floor. Valeri picked it up and gave it to Clover. “What’s this?”
	“A painting of Isabelle.” Valeri stated, “One of the last.” Clover ran her thumb instinctively over the eyes on the painting. The eyes changed to a mix of red and yellow. Hybrid eyes. Clover gasped and threw the painting to the middle of the room. The scent of apples and cinnamon spread throughout the room.
	“What’s wrong Clover?” Valeri asked, “And what’s that smell?”
	Suddenly, rose petals swirled out of the painting like a tornado. Clover and Valeri shielded their eyes when a white light illuminated the room. A female figure stepped out of the light as the rose petals disappeared. The figure looked exactly like the girl in the painting.
	“Isabelle.” Valeri said as the light dissipated from the room.
	“Valeri.” Isabelle said. She looked exactly like Clover; same eyes, hair, face and body. She wore a long black evening gown. “It’s good to see you again. I would hug you but, you know.”
	“I’m Clover. Clover Tenfon.”
	“I know who you are.” Isabelle said, “In fact, I know you better than you know yourself.”
	“How do you?” Clover asked, “And aren’t you supposed to be dead?”
	“I am dead.” Isabelle said, “But not the way you think.”
	“Hold on…you didn’t die when the Elders drained your blood?” Valeri asked shocked
	“Take my right hand in yours Clover.” Isabelle said, “That will explain everything.” Clover stretched out her right hand and the spirit – Isabelle – did the same. A golden light shone as the spirit flowed into Clover’s body. Clover sat where she stood; her eyes wide open, staring into the empty void of space.
	Images raced in her mind at lightning speed. She saw herself riding on a horse together with Marik out of a majestic castle, her long blond hair blowing in the night’s wind into a forest. The howl of a million wolves could be heard in the distance. The black horse blazed past the trees with Isabelle’s hands wrapped around Marik. The horse neighed and stopped abruptly. Marik’s eyes turned red as he flew off the horse and drew his sword.
	“Something’s wrong.” Marik said; his Romanian accent prominent. “Get ready.”
	Isabelle nodded and took her silver longbow off her back and knotted an arrow. She stayed on the horse. A wolf crept up behind the horse. The horse grunted. Isabelle turned quickly around and shot the wolf in its head. It returned to human form swimming in a pool of blood.
	“Excellent shot Isabelle.” Marik said
	“Thank you.” Isabelle answered; her voice a smooth fluid. “We should head back to the castle before the wolves swarm us.”
	“Right.” Marik said as he mounted the horse. They sped back to the castle. The gate guard, clad in black armor, stopped them.
	“Prince Marik, you are being called to a council meeting.” The guard said, “Your attendance is expected.”
	“Thank you Omar.” Marik said, “I will go immediately.” They rode through the gates into the courtyard. Marik got off the horse.
	“Going now?” Isabelle asked
	“It seems important.” Marik said, “So I will go and see what happens.”
	“Ok.” Isabelle said and ran a hand through her hair. “I will be in my room.”
	“You should get some rest.” Marik said, “We have a mission tomorrow.”
	“What kind of mission?” Isabelle asked
	“A scouter.” Marik said, “Me, you Alucard and Valeri. To spy on the Lyon castle.”
	“Why send us on a scouter mission?” Isabelle asked, “We are the best hunters in the clan.”
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “But I think the Elders want me to end this God-forsaken war soon.”
	“Because of the prophecy?” Isabelle asked
	“Yes.”
	“You don’t want to talk about it.” Isabelle said, “I know.”
	“Thank you.” Marik said, “I should go to the meeting now.”
	“See you tomorrow.” Isabelle said as she rode off into the living quarters.
	Marik climbed the stairs, his black hunter’s outfit mixing with the walls. He pushed open a large oak door and entered a circular room lit by candles decorating the walls. The Elders – nine of them – were seated around a large round table along with the King and Queen. Marik took the empty seat near the door.
	“Now that our prince is here, shall we begin?” the head Elder asked, his voice was like that of a power hungry dictator, cold and emotionless.
	“What is the matter Gordon?” Amanda asked, “Why speak about our prince so coldly?”
	“Does it offend you Amanda?” Gordon asked
	“Is that why you called me here?” Marik retorted, “To argue about how you address me?”
	“Certainly not, young prince.” Robert, the Elder sitting next to Amanda said
	“So what is it?” Marik asked, irritation pouring out of his voice.
	“Your habits of consorting with that girl.” Stephen, the Elder sitting two seats away from Marik said.
	“She has a name!” Marik exclaimed, “You should address her as such!”
	“She is an abomination! A beast!” Gordon retorted, “A beast does not deserve a name!”
	Marik stood and slammed his fist angrily on the table. “I will not sit here and allow you to speak about Isabelle in that manner!”
	“You can stand there then.” Stephen said
	Marik’s eyes turned red. “Shut up!” he exclaimed, his fangs showing.
	“Put those toys away before you hurt yourself!” Gordon exclaimed, “You may be the child of prophecy but you are not match for a Vampire Elder!”
	“What makes you so sure?” Marik asked, “Remember Gordon, I’m a pure-bred, you are not!” His parents walked out of the room. Uproar erupted from the room as voices were flung like knives from each mouth.
	Amanda grabbed Marik by the arm and took him to the door. “Leave them be my Prince. They are no better than the dogs we fight.” They left.
	This scene faded and another started to enter Clover’s mind. The Elders were strapping Isabelle onto a table.
	“I don’t want to see this again.” Clover said, “I’ve already seen it enough.”
	“Marik told you about it?” Isabelle asked
	“Yes.” Clover said, “Show me how you really died.”
	“As you wish.” Isabelle answered
	A third image formed in Clover’s mind. She was standing over a white grave with a silver tombstone. Looking down, she could see Isabelle Tenfon (1475-1522), loving mother of two inscribed on the tombstone.
	“I died 30 years later.” Isabelle said, “In America.”
	“How did you die?” Clover asked
	“A year after the Elders drained my blood; I broke out of my grave in Romania.” Isabelle said
	“How?” Clover asked 
	“You’re a hybrid Clover, you should know.” Isabelle stated, “The only way to kill a hybrid is to take out their heart.”
	“And the Elders only drained you.” Clover answered
	“You’re a smart girl.” Isabelle said, “Those idiots forgot to clean the wound after they took out the needle and a drop of blood fell from the needle into my veins. After Marik buried me, it was like the single drop of blood started to multiply.”
	“It took a year?” Clover asked
	“Yes. All my organs returned to their normal functions.” Isabelle said, “So I broke out of my grave and went to find Marik.”
	“That’s when you left?” Clover asked
	“I told him that I was going back to America.” Isabelle said, “He said I should stay, that he had something important to tell me.”
	“But you still left.” Clover stated bluntly.
	“I told him I had to go.” Isabelle said sadly. “If the Elders found out that I was alive, they would hunt and kill both me and Marik.”
	“They couldn’t kill Marik; he’s the prince!” Clover exclaimed
	“The Elders – except Amanda – are a bunch of power hungry politicians.” Isabelle said, “They would murder the King and Queen if they could, just to gain the throne.”
	Footsteps were heard coming from downstairs. “I have to go now Clover.” Isabelle said, “The past and the present should not mix. Sometimes, it is not wise to repeat the past.” The spirit flowed out of Clover and went back into the painting. 

Chapter Twenty-Four
Marik and Alucard came into the study and saw Clover getting off the floor with a dazed expression on her face. Valeri held her up.
	“What happened?” Marik asked as he rushed over to her, held her and brushed Clover’s blond hair out of her face.
	“Isabelle’s spirit…possessed her.” Valeri said, her voice shaking.
	“Possessed her?” Marik asked, “How could that happen?”
	“The book you wrote…the one about Isabelle.” Valeri said, “A painting fell out.”
	“A black and white painting?” Marik asked frantically.
	“Yes.” Isabelle stated, “Why?”
	“That painting held Isabelle’s soul.” Marik said, “How did her soul get released?”
	“Clover rubbed her thumb over the eyes.”
	“How did she know to do that?” Alucard asked
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “I never told her that I wrote a book or about the picture.”
	Clover stirred slightly in Marik’s arms. She stood up and Marik put his hand around her waist and hugged her.
	“What happened?” Clover asked, “My head hurts.”
	“Isabelle’s spirit possessed you.” Marik said
	“So that was Isabelle.” Clover said, “I felt like I was talking to myself, exploring a past life.”
	Marik guided Clover behind the desk and let her sit. He opened the book that rested on the table and flipped through the pages.
	“I wrote this after Isabelle died.” Marik said, “It was the first novel I ever wrote.”
	“You never told me you were a writer.” Clover said, “You’re really good at it.”
	“I gave up on that life.” Marik said; his eyes lost in thought. “I lost my inspiration.”
	“Marik…what are you saying?” Clover asked
	Alucard went over to the desk, opened a drawer and took out an old map written on scroll paper. He rolled it out on the table.
	“Sorry to interrupt.” Alucard said, “But we have war preparations to make.”
	“War preparations?” Valeri asked coming closer to them.
	“Plans to finally end this war.” Alucard said, “I’m tired of it.”
	“So why not do it before I came along?” Marik asked
	“Because you are key Marik.” Alucard stated, “Remember what the prophecy said.”
	“It said I have to kill every vampire.” Marik said, “How am I key?”
	“The Fate’s words always have meaning different from what we think.” Alucard said, “You should know that.”
	“I’m sick and tired of hearing about that stupid prophecy right about now.” Marik stated angrily.
	“So help me end it Marik.” Alucard said, “Most of the vampires here – if I should call them that – are content with sipping blood from wine glasses and gossiping all day. They’ve gotten soft.”
	“What about the hunters?” Clover asked
	“The hunters disbanded.” Valeri answered, “They all gave up. They said you were never returning, my Prince.”
	Marik’s eyes turned red. Call them in here! All of them!” he exclaimed, his fangs showing prominently.
	Clover and Valeri went into the main hall where the rest of them were sitting.
	“The Prince summons all of the hunters into the study immediately!” Valeri said going into the midst of them. Clover followed her.
	“Why should we take orders from you?” one of them shouted out. Clover’s eyes changed and she transformed.
	“That’s why.” Valeri said arrogantly.
	Clover returned to human form after seeing the fear etched onto the vampire’s faces.
	“I would go if I were you.” Clover stated. The vampires marched up the stairs and into the study, looking behind them to see if Clover was going to transform and attack them.
	Marik was sitting behind the desk and Alucard stood at the opposite end of the desk, adjusting his cape. Clover came beside Marik and Valeri by Alucard.
	“Glad you all could make it.” Alucard said sarcastically. Clover shut it door and bolted it.
	Marik stood up. “I hope you didn’t find Clover’s…measures too threating.” He said, “Did you?’
	The room was silent.
	“Well…?” Marik asked. His eyes changed as he summoned Dracula’s power. He showed his fangs and hissed.
	“N-No, my Prince.” Came the response in unison.
	 “Now…do any of you have even one valid reason why you’ve neglected to do your duties as hunters, and…as vampires of the Darkblade family?” Marik asked 
	The question floated on air for a moment, until one of the vampires that stood in the front spoke. “We…thought you were dead, my liege. And the wolves were not attacking. So we stopped.”
	“I said to give me a valid reason!” Marik exclaimed. He closed his eyes for a second then stared angrily at the vampire who spoke. The vampire tried to move, but was immobilized. His eyes moved from side to side, fear was the only thing they showed. He began to sweat rivers.
	“What? Are you afraid of eye contact?” Marik laughed, “How pitiful!” Marik’s stare intensified and the man’s eyes started to roll over.
	“Marik, stop.” Clover said, “I think he’s had enough.”
	Marik closed his eyes and the man fell to the ground. Marik reopened his eyes and saw the man coughing up blood.
	“You…are no different…from the father…before…you.” The man said in between coughs. “A…evil…tyrant.”
	“My father is dead!” Marik exclaimed. The man got up. “You still do not know the truth about your birth, Prince.”
	“Truth?” Marik asked, “What truth?”
	“You are a prince, Marik.” The man said, “But King Alex is not your father.”
	“Then who is my father?” Marik asked, his eyes returning to their blue colour.
	“You already know.” The man replied, “Do not be foolish, Prince of Darkness. Your father will call for you, and he will take someone important to you to his kingdom, if that is what it takes.”

	With that, the man was covered in black flames and disappeared.
	“Did…he just…die?” Clover asked
	“Did you do that Marik?” Alucard asked, “Your flames are still black right?”
	“They are, but I didn’t do that.” Marik said, “If I did, he would be screaming in pain before his death.”
	“It seemed as if he was taken away.” Valeri said, “And whoever took him used black flames.”  
	“We’ll talk about that later.” Marik said, “Back to business.” He came from around the desk and stood in front of the vampires. “Now, how many of you actually want to fight?”
	A few hands were raised, but the majority stayed still.
	“So be it.” Marik said coldly.
	“Whoever raised your hand, come beside me only if you are serious about ending this war.” Alucard added, “The rest, stay where you are.”
	“What are going to do Marik?” Clover asked
	“You’ll see.” Marik answered, “Just make sure you all stay behind me.”
	An evil smirk crossed Marik’s face. He took his sword out of the hilt and ran the tip of the blade along the floor, produces sparks. Marik lifted the sword to the ceiling, channeling his power through it. The sword glowed red. Suddenly lightning struck the sword through the ceiling, the lightning concentrating itself on the silver blade.
	“Marik, you don’t have to do that!” Clover exclaimed
	“The prophecy said that I have to kill all the vampires, so I might as well start now.” Marik said, “Vampires who refuse to fight are better off dead!”
	“Please, Prince Marik, do not do this! We will fight! We want to fight!” a young female in the front said. She was beautiful, but all vampires are.
	“It’s too late!” Marik exclaimed, “Remember, you all made me do this. Say your prayers, Hades will gladly welcome you!” Marik slowly brought the sword down, bringing the lightning with it. Once the sword was at eye level, Marik flicked it, sending the lightning to its targets, piercing the hearts of all of them and tuning them to ashes.
	Clover looked at Marik’s face and into his eyes. His eyes were blue. “Could this be the same person I’m in love with?” Clover thought to herself.
	Marik returned the sword to its hilt on his waist and looked at the ashes with displeasure after the smoke cleared.
	“That’s what you all were, worthless piles of ash.” Marik stated. He turned around and saw everyone looking at him. He walked over to them.
	“You know you’re going to fix the hole in the ceiling right Marik?” Alucard asked sarcastically.
	“I’ll get to that, eventually.” Marik replied
	“So, what are the war preparations?” Valeri asked
	“Well, considering what just happened, I’ll have to rethink them.” Alucard said
	“When will they be ready?” Clover asked
	“If everything goes well, them tomorrow at around this time.” Alucard answered, “But for now, we should get some rest.”
	“Are we excused Lord Alucard?” one of the remaining hunters asked
	“Yes, you may go.” Valeri said, “Come prepared from an examination of your skills tomorrow at dusk.”
	“Thank you, Lady Valeri.” a middle-aged man said and the group left.
	“Let’s go Marik.” Clover said, “I’m feeling kind of tired.”
	“I feel in the mood for a midnight stroll.” Valeri said
	“I guess I should go with you then.” Alucard said
	“It’s for your own good.” Marik said, “I’m sure she’ll reward you.”
	“Don’t count on it.” Valeri said somewhat innocently with a girlish smile on her face.

Chapter Twenty-Five
Marik closed the door and left with Clover. They walked left into a corridor lined with wooden doors. Marik opened the last door and the right and he followed Clover in. The interior was small but filled with furniture – a king sized bed, plasma screen TV, two nightstands, a bathroom and a mini fridge – like a hotel room. Marik took off his cloak and threw it on the bed. He took the sword off his belt still in its hilt and laid it on the floor beside the bed. Clover on the bed and unstrapped her boots. Marik sat beside her.
	Marik unbuttoned his shirt. Clover ran her hands along Marik’s upper body while played in her hair.
	“I need a hot bath.” Clover said, “I’ll be back soon.”
	“I’ll be right here.” Marik said
	“Make sure.” Clover said as she got up and went into the bathroom. Marik switched on the plasma screen and laid down on the bed, surfing through the channels with the remote control. After a while, Clover came out wrapped in a towel and drying her hair.
	“Can you pass my clothes?” Clover asked, “Just the undershirt and the skirt. They’re in my bag.”
	“Are you sure you need them?” Marik asked
	“Yes I do.” Clover said childishly. Marik got her clothes and gave them to her with a suggestive smile on his face. Clover went back into the bathroom and came out five minutes later. She climbed into the bed beside Marik.
	“No pink lip-stick tonight?” Marik asked looking at Clover’s lips.
	“I wanted to go with a natural look from now on.” Clover answered
	“You look even more beautiful.” Marik said, “Keep it up.”
	“Don’t I always?” Clover asked with a smile on her face. 
	“Of course you do.” Marik said and kissed her lips gently. “They feel better too.” 
	Clover giggled. “At least you’re right about something.” She said and returned the kiss with a heated passion on her lips.
	“I’ve been wondering, what would happen if you drank my blood now that I’m a hybrid?” Clover asked
	“I don’t know.” Marik said, “I could see what would happen.”
	Clover moved the strands of hair that covered her neck and invited him. A hungry look possessed Marik’s face as he looked at Clover’s fair neck.
	“Go on.” Clover said, “I wouldn’t want to deny my Prince.”
	Clover felt a sharp pain when the fangs pierced her skin. It was quickly replaced by an exotic pleasure as it spread throughout her body. The chemicals in his saliva triggered an endorphin rush. She felt her body lift into the clouds and enter heaven; angelic moans flowed from her mouth. She couldn’t help it, a weakness she couldn’t shake. On and on it went and she lost track of the world, of who she was. Then she felt herself slowly returning to earth as his fangs left her skin. This only took a minute, but felt like an eternity to her. It was better than joy, better than laugher, better than love. It filled her with a burning desire and left her body wanting more.
	Marik looked at Clover, his eyes shone with a mixture of bloodlust and passion. He reached for the light switch near the bed and turned the lights off. Their lips locked in a warm embrace as they explored each other.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Liam stepped off the plane and onto the walkway and breathed a sigh of relief. He looked up and saw a Welcome to Romania banner. He walked up to an airport official with a metal detector in her hand. She was examining an old man. Liam was last in line. Then it was Liam’s turn.
	“Good afternoon young man.” The official said, “Are you a resident?”
	“Yes.” Liam answered, “My name is Liam Lyon.” He showed her his passport.
	“Ok. Can you spread your arms and legs for me please?” the official asked, “Just standard procedure.”
	“Anything for you.” Liam said as he did what he was told. The official ran the metal detector along Liam’s body.
	“You are free to go now.” The official said
	“I didn’t catch your name.” Liam said
	“It’s Sheba.”
	Liam smiled. It was one of those smiles that would melt any woman’s heart and touch her soul.
	“It’ll remember that.” Liam said; his voice and manner seductive.
	Sheba blushed, her light skin turning crimson. She flipped her long red hair. She was young, like a first year university student.
	“You seem very…interesting Liam.” Sheba said, “Call me later ok.” She took the pen from her shirt pocket and wrote her cell number on Liam’s arm. “My shift ends at 8:00.”
	Liam kissed her hand. “I should go.” He said, “Before your boss sees you.”
	“Thank you for the company Liam.” Sheba said, “Remember, I’ll be waiting on your call.”
	“You don’t have to wait too long.” Liam stated, “Time flies when you’re thinking about someone.”
	Liam walked off, looking at Sheba’s cell number on his arm. “That was too easy.” Liam said to himself with a self-contented smirk on his face. He hailed an empty cab that was passing and got in.
	“Where to, sir?” the cab driver, a balding man, asked as he drove off.
	“The old castle near Bucharest.” Liam answered
	“That place is under investigation, didn’t you hear?” the driver asked
	“No, I just got back from America.” Liam stated, “What happened?”
	“A murder.” The driver answered, “A man got shot in the head. And you won’t believe me, but the police found a silver bullet in his skull.”
	“A silver bullet?” Liam asked, trying to contain his anger. “You must be kidding.”
	The driver turned on the radio and tuned it on a news network. A woman was talking in an unnatural monotone.
	“Gwen Eli here with your on-scene report. A man, who is yet to be identified, has been found dead outside of Bucharest Castle earlier today. He appears to be in his early 20’s, of dark complexion and a medium built. Police reports show that the cause of death was a bullet, made from silver, found embedded in the victim’s skull. Forensic reports state that the bullet was from a 9mm pistol. However, no evidence has been found.”
	The cab came to a stop at the entrance to a rocky trail lined with tall bushes.
	“This is as far as I can take you.” The driver said, “You will have to walk from here.”
	“Thank you sir.” Liam said
	“Be on the lookout for werewolves.” The driver said
	Getting out of the cab, Liam said goodbye to the driver and started to walk down the trail. After a while, Liam saw the castle. It was enclosed by yellow caution tape. Police officers were examining the dead body and some were eating doughnuts and talking leisurely. One of the officers caught sight of Liam walking slowly towards the castle.
	“Hey kid, this area is off limits!” the male officer said, his voice rough and commanding.
	“Relax. I just want to talk.” Liam said as he walked closer.
	The officer stepped out from behind the caution tape and stood in front of Liam. “I said it’s off limits!” he said, “Leave, now!”
	“I just want to see the body.” Liam stated, “So move before someone gets hurt.”
	The officer laughed. “Listen, you little brat! Either you leave, or I’ll make you leave!”
	“And how will you do that?” Liam asked
	The officer took a handgun from his waist and pushed it on Liam’s chest, close to his heart.
	“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” Liam stated
	“Why not?” the officer asked and moved the gun to Liam’s face.
	Liam’s eyes turned yellow and the imprint of the necklace glowed. He grabbed the gun out of the officer’s hands and crushed it. The officer called for backup. Three officers came with Tasers aimed at Liam.
	“Put your hands behind your head!” a female officer exclaimed. “Now!” She was young, young enough to capture the attention of any man. She wore a cap and gloves along with the usual police uniform.
	Liam smirked. “You wouldn’t shoot me.” He said; his voice calm and cool. He walked closer to her, an arm’s length away.
	“Don’t take another step!” the female officer said, “Hands behind the back! Now!”
	Liam moved in front of the female officer and pulled her to him, pressing her body against his, grabbing onto her ass and squeezing it.
	“You have a nice one back there.” Liam said. The officer spat in his eye and wrestled herself free. The other two officers – male – shot Liam with their Tasers and the female officer did the same.
	Liam let out a scream of pain as the jolts of electricity ran through his body.
	“Grab on to this!” the female officer exclaimed as she kicked Liam’s thigh.
	“Bitch!” Liam exclaimed after looking at the female officer. Enraged, the necklace’s imprint around his neck started to fade as his body hair grew longer. His ribcage extended and his mouth elongated, baring sharp canines instead of normal teeth. His eyes were still yellow and his fingernails turned to talons and his hands to paws. He let out a rough, menacing howl.
	“Werewolf!” the male officers shouted, “Run!”
	The female officer took a 9mm pistol form her belt and loaded 3 silver bullets into it. Liam raked his claws along the 2 male officers, drawing out their guts. He turned to the female officer and howled.
	The officer shot at Liam. The first bullet left the gun leaving a trail of smoke. It swirled through the air, the light rays contorted and bending around it. The bullet hit Liam’s chest. He let out a painful howl as the bullet sunk deep into his skin.
	Dusk crept over the sky. The female officer inhaled deeply. Liam clutched his chest and knelt, blood soaking his fur and dripping on the ground. The officer took off her cap, exposing her short brown hair. She walked closer to Liam and aimed the gun at his head.
	Liam looked at the officer and saw red eyes staring down at him. He returned to human form.
	“I’m gonna enjoy doing this.” The officer said, “Only one bullet and you’re already back in your human body. How pitiful.” She aimed the gun at Liam’s heart and looked behind her. Everyone was gone. She put the gun back in the holster and took a knife form the inside of one of her boots. She sunk the knife into Liam’s left arm, sending blood streaming down. Liam screamed.
	“I’ll take out the knife…on one condition.” The officer said
	“W-What?” Liam asked coughing up blood.
	“Tell me when the wolves are planning to attack!” the officer said, “Now!
	Liam remained silent, staring at the blood dripping from his Liam’s arm.
	She took out the knife and stabbed another section of Liam’s arm. He groaned.
	“Answer me!” she exclaimed, “Or this knife will go somewhere it shouldn’t!”
	“I don’t know…what…you’re talking about.” Liam answered
	“Wrong answer!” she exclaimed as the knife sunk into Liam’s thigh.
	Liam screamed in pain as the silver ate into his bone.
	The officer took out the knife and stood up. She knelt in front of Liam and unzipped a small section of her blouse, revealing part of a pink bra. She went closer and pressed herself against him.
	“What’s the matter?” she asked, “T thought this was what you wanted.” Her soft, seductive voice seemed to capture his soul as her words wrapped around Liam’s mind.
	“Two days from now.” Liam said, “When the moon is blood red.”
	“That’s when the wolves plan to attack?” she asked
	“Yes.” Liam said, “During the total lunar eclipse.”
	“At least you dogs know what an eclipse is.” She said as she got up and zipped up her blouse. “The name’s Amy by the way.”
	Liam tried to get up but fell to the ground, his eyes closed. Amy walked towards the police car parked near to the entrance of the trail.
	“It’s a shame I had to kill you.” Amy said looking back at Liam. “You weren’t bad looking.” She got in the car and drove off.
	Liam got up and limped to the castle. The collapsed next to the dead body, fresh blood oozing from his wounds.
	A man – Sherwin – walked towards the castle and saw Liam in a pool of blood. He picked him up and slung him over his shoulder. 
	“Welcome home Liam.” Sherwin said as he left the castle and entered the forest.

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Marik and Clover went into the study and found Alucard and Valeri along with the other vampires standing around the desk, Alucard scribbling on an old map.
	“Lord Alucard, Prince Marik has arrived.” One of the vampires – a female – said
	“Well you certainly took your sweet time.” Alucard said looking at Marik.
	“So, what are we doing?” Marik asked moving beside Alucard and Clover beside Valeri.
	“Developing a new battle plan, you know, since most of our fighters got electrocuted.” Alucard said
	“Very funny Alucard.” Marik said
	“So what’s this new battle plan?” Clover asked
	“I just received some intel that the wolves will be attacking two days from now.” Alucard said, “During the total lunar eclipse.”
	“That sounds like Liam.” Marik said
	“What do you mean?” Valeri asked
	“During a total lunar eclipse the sky is black, like an onyx jewel, and the moon is blood red.” Clover said, “So there will be no sun in the sky with a full, red moon.”
	“A fight on equal grounds.” Alucard stated
	“Where did you get this intel from?” Marik asked
	“My informant in Romania, Amy.” Alucard answered
	“Brown hair Amy?” Marik asked
	“Yes, my Prince.” A voice said as the door opened. Amy walked in, dressed in a hunter’s clothes.
	Marik kissed her hand. “Welcome back Amy.”
	“I’ve gotten some more information.” Amy said, “They will begin the attack where the red moon will be most potent. The Haunted Forest.”
	“Which haunted forest?” Clover asked
	“The Hoia-Baciu Woods, close to the city of Cluj in Transylvania.” Amy said
	“That’s where most of the War took place.” Valeri stated, “The forest has been haunted since then.”
	“Why is it haunted?” Clover asked
	“The souls of the vampires and werewolves that died in the War haunt it.” Marik said, “People believe that the souls of these dead are trapped in the trees.”
	“And we’ll make more.” Alucard said, “We’re going to have to plant more trees first.”
	“That aside, how are we going to attack?” Marik asked
	“It’s best if we start by theorizing how the wolves will attack.” Valeri said, “That way we can plan a counter attack and let them attack first.” Valeri said
	“We know the wolves do everything in packs.” Marik stated, “And knowing Liam, he’s gonna go all out and send every wolf to find us. They aren’t hard to figure out, like a romance novel.”
	“I happen to like romance novels!” Valeri and Clover said
	“Marik, we need to talk.” Amy said, “I’ve got a message for you.”
	“From who?” Marik asked
	“Follow me.” Amy said. They left the room and went downstairs.
	“Who is the message from?” Marik asked as they sat across from each other around a circular table.
	“I wanted to tell you something.” Amy said, “To remind you really.”
	“Remind me of what?” Marik asked calmly.
	“Remind you who your father is.” Amy said, “He gave me a message for you.”
	“My father?” Marik asked, “Who is my father?”
	“You don’t want to know Marik, trust me.” Amy said
	“Tell me!” Marik exclaimed
	“Why do you think the King and Queen locked you away?” Amy asked, “Locked you away for 18 years, allowing you to have only private tutoring and almost no friends?”
	“Because of the prophecy.” Marik retorted
	 “The Sisters of Fate foresaw that prophecy because they knew what you truly are.” Amy said, “A monster that should never have been born into this world, hated by the vampires because of who your father is.”
	“Who is my father?” Marik asked. He stood up, drew his gun and pointed it at Amy. He took out the magazine and replaced it with another one. “You’re really pissing me off.”
	“Silly boy, you can’t kill me with silver.” Amy stated
	“I wasn’t planning to.” Marik said. He shot at Amy’s foot. She bit her lips.
	“What…was that?” Amy asked
	“Concentrated UV light.” Marik said. He pulled out the magazine, took out a bullet, and then put the magazine back in place. The bullet was made of a steel casing with a clear material around the middle. A sky blue suspension could be seen in the bullet. Marik threw the bullet and it hit Amy’s shoulder. She screeched.
	“Don’t worry, this won’t kill you either.”
	“Bastard!” Amy shouted
	“Just tell me what my father said.” 
	“He said that if you acknowledge him, he will give you power that you never imagined.” Amy said
	“That’s all?” Marik asked
	“There’s more.” Amy said, “But I’ll have to whisper it in your ear.” She went over to him and sat in his lap, the zipper on her blouse seemed to slide slowly down.
	“What is it?” Marik asked
	Amy grabbed Marik’s head and kissed him madly. Marik pushed her off.
	“What the hell?” Marik asked, “What are you doing?”
	“I kissed you.” Amy said softly.
	“Why?”
	“Because you wanted me to Marik, I could see it in your eyes.” Amy said, “Your eyes begged for me, your lips wanted mine.”
	Marik was drawn by her voice. It clouded his mind.
	“You’re wrong.” Marik answered after a moment. “I love Clover.”
	“Really? Amy asked. She took off her blouse, revealing black feathery wings. She was left in a black bra and pants. “Are you sure it’s because I’m a demon? And that you don’t want to go that way with a demon? Because it’s wrong?” Her voice was seductive and soft. It flowed from her mouth and into the air.
	“You’re a succubus.” Marik said
	“You don’t remember the dream you had all those centuries ago, when you were 17?” Amy asked walking back to him. 
	“You still haven’t answered my question.” Marik stated
	“Isn’t it obvious?” Amy asked, “Your father is Hades, Greek god of the Underworld.”
	“That explains a lot.” Marik said sarcastically.
	“No one has ever able to resist me so long.” Amy said, “You are really the Prince of Darkness, Marik Darkblade.”
	Marik looked at Amy, the blue in his eyes replaced by lust. He grabbed her by the waist and pulled her on him. Their lips met fiercely. Amy pushed Marik back into the chair. She climbed into his lap and took off his shirt. Marik pressed Amy on his body, his hands on her back. Her wings disappeared and he started to unhook her bra.
	A sound was heard as the door to the study was opened. Clover and Valeri came downstairs and saw Marik and Amy sitting across from each other, fully clothed.
	“What’s taking so long Marik?” Clover asked, “We have a war to plan.”
	“I’m sorry I kept him so long Princess.” Amy said, “It was a…delicate matter.”
	“That’s ok Amy.” Clover said, flattered. “Alucard wants to see you Marik.”
	“We need your approval on the plans.” Valeri stated
	“I’ll be right there.” Marik said. Clove nodded, gave him a kiss and she and Valeri returned to the study.
	“So, where were we?” Amy asked returning to Marik’s lap.
	“I’m gonna die if we do this right?” Marik asked putting his hand around her waist.
	“No, you’re not.”
	“How come?” Marik asked, “Doesn’t your kind kill her victims after they have sex?”
	“The victims die, but we don’t kill them.” Amy said, “Besides, you’re a vampire and a demi-god. You won’t die.”
	“I’m also human.”
	“You were never human Marik.” Amy said, “And you never will be, so just shut up and kiss me!”
	Their lips merged, separating only for mere seconds before becoming one again. After a while, Marik broke free of the spell Amy’s lips placed on him.
	“I have to go Amy.” Marik said getting up.
	“You’re immune to my charms young prince.” Amy said, “No wonder the Queen is interested in you.”
	“Queen?” Marik asked, “What queen?”
	“Your father’s wife, Persephone.” Amy said
	Marik went up the stairs without giving a response. Amy left and Marik went into the study.
	“What did she tell you?” Clover asked before Marik had a chance to close the door, her eyes like basilisks aimed at him.
	“Just a message.” Marik answered 
	“From who?” Clover asked angrily.
	“My father.” Marik stated, “No need to be angry.”
	“Or jealous.” Alucard added
	“I’m not jealous!” Clover retorted, glaring at Alucard.
	“So who is your father Marik?” Alucard asked
	“You don’t want to know, trust me.” Marik said, “Let’s just get back to planning this war. It’s time we ended it.”
	“Just tell us Marik.” Valeri pleaded
	“You won’t like it Valeri, none of you will.” Marik said, “You won’t want to look at me afterwards, believe me.”
	“Marik…we’ll still love you.” Clover said, her eyes softening. “I’ll still love you.”
	“I’m a monster Clover.” Marik said, “A flower like you can’t love a monster.”
	“You’re a prince Marik, not a monster.” Clover said
	“That’s what makes me a monster; I’m the Prince of Darkness.” Marik said solemnly. 

Chapter Twenty-Eight
Marik, Clover and the other vampires flew to Romania a day later. They landed then made their way to Bran, Dracula’s Castle. Alucard touched the gates and paused for a moment, his eyes lost in another world.
	“Don’t worry, we won’t be here long.” Marik said tapping him on his shoulder.
	Alucard open the gates and they walked in. The door swung open. A male figure draped in black came out from inside the castle, red eyes staring at Alucard. Marik and Alucard drew their swords. Clover and Valeri knotted arrows in their bows. The other vampires pointed guns at the figure.
	“The castle’s supposed to be empty.” Marik said
	“Whoever he is, he looks dangerous.” Alucard stated
	The figure smiled, exposing white fangs glittering like diamond. He strolled towards Alucard, like someone walking out to touch a lost memory. He laid a hand on Alucard’s right shoulder. Valeri turned and aimed at the figure. She was about to shoot when Marik stopped her. The figure removed the hood that covered his face.
	“William, my son.” The figure said, “I have waited centuries to see your face again.” His voice was ancient, wrapped up in a lost age.
	Alucard looked at the man and took off his hand. Alucard’s eyes turned red. “I am not your son.” He said, “William is dead.” His eyes were cold, his voice emotionless.
	“You’re supposed to be dead.” Marik said, “I saw your soul fly into the sword, Dracula.”
	“Come inside.” Dracula said, “We have much to discuss, Prince of Darkness.”
	“You knew about that?” Marik asked, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
	“We’re not staying long.” Alucard stated, “No need to go inside.”
	“Alucard put your hatred for your father aside.” Valeri scolded, “We need to rest, so stop acting like a little boy and go inside.”
	Dracula turned and looked at Valeri. “You remind me of his mother, girl.”
	“My name is Valeri.”
	“Let’s go Marik.” Clover said
	“Clover…you’ve grown stronger.” Dracula said looking at Clover. “A lot stronger.”
` 	Marik looked at Alucard and they walked in followed by the rest. They sat in chairs similar to the ones at the hideout in America. The silence was a trip wire, present but no one dared to touch it.
	“I don’t understand Alucard.” Clover said, breaking the silence. “If you hate this place so much, why build an exact replica in America?”
	She broke the trip wire.
	“You know what? I don’t need this!” Alucard exclaimed. He got up and stormed out of the castle.
	“Alucard!” Marik shouted getting up. Dracula stopped him.
	“Let him go Marik.” Dracula said, “Every man has to set his own path in life, and realize that he only has his shadow to walk beside him.”
	Marik sat down. “How did you know to call me Prince of Darkness?”
	“He revealed it to me Marik, your true identity and power.” Dracula stated
	“I’m going to see if I can talk to Alucard.” Valeri said, getting up. 
	“I’ll come with you.” Clover said
	“No Clover.” Dracula said, “You need to hear what I have to say to Marik. It concerns you as well.”
	“Ok, I’ll catch up with you later Valeri.” Clover said and Valeri left the castle.
	“Now, before I explain, I’m sure you have many unanswered questions Marik.” Dracula said, “I’ll do my best to answer as many of them as possible.”
	“You can start by telling me how you’re not dead!” Marik exclaimed
	“That’s a complicated statement to answer Marik.” Dracula said
	“How is it complicated?” Marik asked angrily. “I drained your blood. Then your soul flew into the sword, and then your body disappeared. Not complicated at all.”
	“Marik…there is more to this than you could possibly understand.” Dracula said, “This war is not about vampires and werewolves. There is much more at stake.”
	“You still haven’t answered my question.”
	Dracula sighed. “After my soul went into the sword, I heard the lamenting moans and groans of a billion souls. I opened my eyes and saw that I was in a grotesque place. I was standing on black land on the bank of a grey river. The groans I was hearing came from the souls that composed this river. I heard a boat coming towards me. It was a wooden rowboat occupied by one man. He was holding a lantern dangling in one hand and rowing with the other. He stopped beside me and told me to get in, and that your father had something important to tell me.” Dracula paused, looking at Marik.
	“Who is Marik’s father?” Clover asked
	“You haven’t told her Marik?” Dracula asked, “Don’t you think that out of everyone else, Clover deserves to know?”
	“Fine, but I don’t see how it’s important.” Marik stated, “My father is Hades, Greek god of the Underworld.”
	“Is that what Amy told you?” Clover asked Marik after a few minutes of silence.
	“Yes.”
	“And you didn’t think it was important enough to tell me?” Clover asked. Her voice was a knife cutting into Marik’s conscience. “Me Marik? Me!”
	 “He’s just my father.” Marik said, “You don’t need to make such a big deal about it.”
	“You’re a freaking demi-god Marik!” Clover exclaimed, “Your father is one of the most powerful gods in Olympus, and you’re acting like its normal for you to hear that!”    
	“I guess that’s where my arrogance comes from.” Marik stated
	“Is that all you have to say?” Clover asked
	“There’s nothing left to say Clover.” Marik answered, “And nothing any of us can do about it.”
	“Fine.” Clover stated the green in her eyes replaced by anger and betrayal. 
	“What was Hades’ message?” Marik asked
	“He needs your help Marik.” Dracula said, “His favourite pet has disappeared.”
	“Cerberus?” Clover asked, “How do you lose something that big?”
	“What does that has to do with me?” Marik asked, “He can go get that stupid dog himself. Hades is one of the Big Three after all.”
	“Don’t mock the gods Marik.” Dracula said, “Your father is asking you to go on a very mission.”
	“Really now?” Marik asked, “18 years of my life I haven’t even heard one word from him, and now he’s just gonna order me around? I don’t think so!”
	“Marik…you shouldn’t be doing that.” Clover said
	“Just watch me!” Marik exclaimed, “If you’re out there Hades, let’s make a deal. If you help me win this war, I’ll find your stupid puppy for you!” 
	It was midday, but the sky was as black as an onyx jewel, as dark as hell. 


Chapter Twenty-Nine
“I can’t find Alucard!” Valeri exclaimed as she came bursting through the castle doors.
	“What?” Marik asked
	“He just disappeared.” Valeri said, “I looked all over for him.”
	“Alucard couldn’t have gotten far.” Clover said, “We should go look for him.”
	“You won’t find him.” Marik said
	“Why not?” Valeri asked
	“Because you’re looking for someone that doesn’t want to be found, it’s no use wasting your energy.” Marik stated
	“But without Alucard, we’re one hunter short.” Valeri said, “And our army is already small.”
	“I will fight in his place.” Dracula said
	“Will Hades allow you to fight?” Marik asked
	“What your father wants is my soul, and right now he only has my body. My soul is in your sword.” Dracula stated
	“Actually, Alucard has your sword.” Marik said
	“Marik…did I just hear Dracula call Hades your father?” Valeri asked
	“That’s a long story, but yes. Hades is my father.” Marik said. He touched Valeri’s arm.
	“Don’t. Touch. Me.” Valeri said and moved away from Marik slowly, her voice and eyes full of fear mixed with anger.
	“Valeri…Please…just relax.” Marik said
	Valeri sat in a chair hidden in a dark corner, her eyes empty of hope.
	“What did you do to her Marik?” Clover asked sharply.
	“Nothing.”
	“So why do eyes look dead?” Clover asked. Her voice was accusing and her eyes were even worse.
	Marik’s eyes turned red. He took his black cloak from out of the chair and put it on. He had done this a million times, but this time was different. It was like the darkness of the cloak belonged there, like eyes belong in your head.
	Clover saw this and her whole demeanor changed. Her eyes softened and she hugged him.
	“I’m sorry Marik.” Clover said, “It’s just that…I thought…you took her soul.”
	Marik looked at her with contempt. He pushed her off. “That’s the same reason I didn’t want any of you to know about this!” he exclaimed
	“Marik…” was all Clover managed to say.
	“And from all the people Clover!” Marik exclaimed, “I expected better!”
	Clover was still in shock. He body slumped down into the chair, her eyes just as empty as Valeri’s.
	Marik looked at the other vampires who sat silently in the chairs. “I don’t suppose you have anything to say?” Marik said to them. They remained silent not out of respect like before, but this time out of fear.
	“I expected as much.” Marik said, “If you’re afraid of me, then you’ll love Hades!!” He took out his gun and shot them all in the head with the UV bullets. They burned to ashes. Marik smirked. “They’re all weak, the whole lot of them. Its better I fight this War by myself.”
	“Marik! Stop this foolishness!” Dracula said, “You know you cannot defeat an entire army of Lycans by yourself!”   
	“I wasn’t going to fight alone.” Marik said, “If Hades really is my father, then I’ll have the power of the Underworld with me.”
	“Don’t be so sure of yourself Marik.” Dracula said
	“What do you mean?”
	“There has never been a child of Hades before, neither god nor demi-god, so there is no way to know the limits of your power, if you have any power that all.”
	“Enough!” Marik exclaimed, his voice was commanding.
	The doors of the castle burst open as Clover and Valeri seemed to regain consciousness. The Elders, still wearing their black and red cloaks, marched to where Marik was standing.
	“So, the rumors were true, you have returned.” The head elder said
	Marik turned around and drew his sword. “Now’s not a good time Darwin.”
	“Marik…don’t do anything stupid.” Dracula stated
	“And you, you miserable excuse for a vampire! How dare you grant a hybrid sanctuary here?” Darwin asked, removing the hood from his head. He was old, or so his face showed. Darwin’s face was wrinkled, with lines around his mouth that were a testament to centuries of frowning.
	“Remember who you’re speaking to Darwin.” Dracula stated, “I’m not one of the mistresses you pay for.”
	Darwin ignored Dracula’s statement and walked slowly over to Clover. “Clover Tenfon…so young….so beautiful.” He said stretching out his arm to touch her cheek. He paused when he felt the cold metal of Marik’s sword on his neck.
	“Touch her, and you die.” Marik said. The blade glittered in the light of the crystal chandelier.    
	“Tell me Marik, are you really planning on taking 4 hunters to fight an entire army of Lycans?” Darwin asked
	“That’s none of your business.” Marik said calmly, still holding the blade at Darwin’s neck.
	Darwin laughed.
	“What are you laughing about, you miserable pile of filth?” Marik asked, pressing the side of the blade harder on Darwin’s neck.
	“You can kill me if you want Marik, but you’ll still be a failure.”
	“What did you just say?” Marik asked with a voice filled with bottle up anger.
	“You heard me.” Darwin retorted, “You failed to protect Isabelle and you failed to kill me!”
	“Shut up you bastard!” Marik exclaimed. He was about to decapitate Darwin when he saw Clover in hybrid, sinking her talons into Darwin’s stomach.
	“Marik may be a lot of things; arrogant, vain, secretive, but he is not a failure!” Clover said. She sunk her talons deeper then pulled her hand out with a sudden, forceful motion.
	“You little bitch!” Darwin exclaimed weakly. “That’s not going to kill me!”
	“I wasn’t planning on killing you, although I should because of what you did to Isabelle. But Marik has suffered more, he knew Isabelle, I didn’t. He has earned the right to kill you.” Clover stated
	Marik put his sword back into its hilt on his waist and stepped away from Darwin. 
	“What, not going to cut my head off prince? That’s the only way to kill a vampire, just in case you’ve forgotten.” Darwin said. His voice was mocking Marik’s very existence.
	“You don’t deserve death; it’s too good for a son a bitch like you.” Marik stated
	“Watch your mouth boy! Remember who you are speaking to, you insolent pup!” Darwin retorted
	Marik’s temper flared. Being called a pup was just too much for him to let go unpunished. A dark aura seemed to take him over, an aura darker than ever before.
	“You should rot in the Fields of Punishment for all eternity!” Marik exclaimed, “I know Hades will make a very special punishment for someone like you!”
	“Do you really believe that?” Darwin asked, “Face the facts, your father doesn’t care about you, me, or anyone else living on the God-cursed earth!”
	“I know that, but I enjoy the thought of you rotting for the rest of eternity.” Marik stated, “That’s a lot better than killing you isn’t it?”
	The rest of the Elders started dropping as the rain of bullets came showering in from outside the window opposite them. A figure, draped from head to toe in black came in through the broken window. The figure landed with a smoking gun in his right hand, his black eyes staring at them. 
	Darwin looked at the figure and gasped, his mouth hanging wide open, as if to try and swallow the world.
	“What’s the matter Darwin?” The figure asked, “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
	“Alucard, what took you so long?” Marik asked
	“Got caught up in traffic.” Alucard answered, “Just hurry up and kill the bastard already Marik, you’re taking too long.”
	“You…you’re supposed to be dead, I killed you.” Darwin said his voice weak and wavering.
	“You should know better Darwin, Did you really think you could kill my son? Don’t make me laugh!” Dracula said
	“I’m not your son.” Alucard stated, “I still want to kill you.”
	Darwin turned to Clover. She returned to human form and looked at the bodies of the dead Elders.
	“Did you really need all those men to kill one girl?” Clover asked, “Are you all really that weak?”
	Darwin raised his hand to strike Clover. He started to lower it. A cry of pain rushed out of his mouth. His hand fell to the ground, a few meters away from the rest of him.
	“I said not to touch her!” Marik exclaimed. He walked up to Darwin and pressed the gun at the back of his neck. “You’re started to really piss me off!”
	Darwin went down on his knees. “Please, my liege, spare me and I will serve you until my last breath, I beg you!” His voice was different from before, now it was like a sad puppy begging for a bone.
	“Did you spare Isabelle when she begged for mercy?” Marik asked angrily, pressing the gun harder on Darwin’s flesh. “Did you?”
	“N-No, my Prince.”
	“And now you want me to give you mercy, you bastard!” Marik said. He toyed with the pistol’s trigger. “Clover, move. Now.”
	 Clover got up and went beside Valeri. Marik squeezed the trigger a second later and shot Darwin. The bullet went through him, then the chair and hit the castle wall, glowing red hot. Darwin’s head fell off slowly, his eyes bloodshot and wide open.
	An eerie feeling came over the castle. Rain came down as a festival; of bullets. Lightning struck the earth from the black sky above. The rivers near the castle ignored their banks and overflowed. Flashes of lightning whipped the earth. Darkness swept all life from the land. Marik stood at the castle door, the lone witness to the chaos.
	“It’s starting.” Marik said. His head was raised to the sky, his eyes lost in a dark place.
	Clover came and stood beside him. She looked outside, her eyes shaking with fear at the sight of nature’s wrath. “This isn’t supposed to happen.” Her voice was distant, filled with something more than fear.
	“What do you mean?” Marik asked without looking at her.
	“None of this happens during a total lunar eclipse, or any eclipse.” Clover answered, “This is something a lot worse.”
	Valeri and Alucard joined them. Their expressions were the same as Clover’s.
	“It’s like nature is at war…with itself.” Valeri stated; her voice just as distant as Clover’s.
	“The Sky…The Water…The Darkness, fighting.” Unknown voices echoed. Three females dressed in Greek robes appeared in front of them. They were young and beautiful, but their voices were ancient.
	“What are you talking about?” Marik asked, “And who the hell are you?” He drew his sword.
	“You don’t recognize us Marik?” the woman in the middle asked, “How sad.”
	“The Sisters of Fate.” Marik said, “What are you doing here?” He put up his sword.
	“To warn you, Prince of Darkness, about what the Olympian gods have planned for you.” The one in the middle said
	“I’m not afraid of them.” Marik stated, “They can all go jump off Mount Olympus for all I care!”
	“Marik, you should not have said that.” The woman on the left said
	“You’re lucky the Big Three have taken an interest in you.” The woman on the right added
	“I didn’t ask them to.” Marik retorted bluntly.	
	The lightning started to strike the earth without mercy. The rivers ran wildly and rapidly. The darkness, however, remained stagnant.
	“You have angered the gods Marik.” All three Sisters said, “For your insolence you will die when the moon turns red.”
	“That’s not going to happen.” Marik stated confidently.
	“You cannot change your fate, young prince.” The Sisters said, three voices had become one.
	“Years ago, I made a promise to someone special to me.” Marik said calmly. “I promised her that I wouldn’t die until I won this war. And I don’t intend to break that promise. Not now, not ever!”
	Nature seemed to hear him. The darkness faded, the waters calmed and the lightning disappeared. Nature returned to its usual self.
	“The gods’ are pleased Marik.” The Sisters said, “You have passed the test.”
	“What test?”
	“You father has heard your prayer Marik. He will aid you in this play date you call a war.” The Sisters said, and then vanished.
	“What are you, their three piece microphone?” Marik asked, “Come back here!”
	The next morning, Marik came out from the armory in the basement with a bag slung over his shoulder. He climbed the stairs and entered the study, where the rest of them were. He dropped the bag on the table and opened it, taking out weapons – knives, guns, ammunition – and handing them to Alucard and Valeri without saying a word.
	“What about me?” Clover asked
	“You’re not going.” Marik replied
	“Why not?” Clover asked, “You know I can fight!”
	“You’ve never fought in a war before Clover; I don’t want you getting hurt.” Marik said
	“I have Isabelle’s memories, I’ll be fine.” Clover stated
	“That’s not the point.”
	“So what is?” Clover asked
	Marik put his hands on Clover’s waist, pulled her closer to him, and kissed her. It was one of those rare, passionate kisses, one only a few people ever get. The beauty of it, however, was that it only lasted a few seconds. Marik released his grip on Clover.
	“Marik…I wasn’t expecting that.” Clover’s eyes were filled with an unusual mixture of shock and gratitude.
	“Clover…I love you.” Marik said, looking deep into Clover’s eyes. “And I don’t plan on losing you anytime soon. That’s why I can’t let you come with us.”
	“I’m not going to die Marik.”
	“Do you remember the dream you had? The one where you died?” Marik asked
	“Yes, I do.”
	“You died in the same place we’re going Clover, I had to carry your dead body in my arms. Even if it was a dream, I don’t want to go through that again, I can’t.” Marik said
	“Marik…I love you too, I’ve always loved you. But I didn’t come all this way to just sit back and do nothing.” Clover said, “So I’m gonna fight in this war even if you strapped me in chains and pinned me to the bed.”
	“That might actually be a good idea.” Alucard stated. Valeri slapped him playfully.
	“Not funny Alucard.” Valeri said
	Dracula went to a window and looked outside. Nature was calm, like the calm before the storm. He returned to the table.
	“The red moon will come in 2 hours.” Dracula stated
	“How do you know?” Marik asked
	“Because I know how the moon works.” Dracula responded
	“You mean Selene” Clover asked, “Right Ambrogio?” 
	“It has been eons since anyone has called me by that name.” Dracula said, “I’m surprised you knew that Clover.”
	“Let’s go get some rest. We’ll need it.” Valeri said. They left Marik and Dracula in the study. Marik was looking out the window at the moon.
	“Everything will be ok Marik.” Dracula stated, “I never wanted to let Selene go either.”
	Marik looked at him then walked out of the study, his eyes as red as blood.
	Dracula looked up at the moon. “Selene, my love, protect Clover tonight. She reminds me a lot of you.” Moonlight flooded the room through that window. The light filled the room with a welcoming aura of acceptance.
	“Thank you, my love.” Dracula said. He stretched out his arms, welcoming the moonlight and reaching out to embrace the moon’s smooth frame, the same ritual he performed every full moon. The last sign of his eternal love to the woman he could never touch. The light faded as the moon disappeared behind a cloud.
	During the time Marik and the others were resting, the moon began a drastic transformation. As it emerged from behind the clouds, a thin halo if white light appeared around it as it rose up to the sky’s ceiling. As it climbed to the top, the size of the halo increased and the moon’s grey skin slowly turned blood red. Dracula sat at the window watching the moon change.
	The doors of the study opened. Marik and the others walked inside.
	“It’s time, isn’t it?” Marik asked
	“Yes.” Dracula said, “You should go to the forest as soon as possible. Bring the fight to them.”
	“You’re not coming with us?” Marik asked
	“You have Alucard, so there is no reason for me to be there.”
	“So you’re just going to sit there while there’s a war going on!” Clover asked, “Some vampire lord you are!”
	“I have my reasons Clover.” Dracula stated, “And, besides, all of you are stronger than I am in my current state.”
	“Would Selene want you to sit there like a sad puppy?” Clover asked
	Alucard threw Dracula’s sword to him. “You’re pathetic, you know that? Take your sword and fight!”
	Dracula took the sword out of its hilt and held it in his hand.
	“No wonder Hades didn’t want to keep you, you’re a pile of trash!” Alucard exclaimed, “The Fates should have named me the Dark Lord a long time ago!”
	“Alucard…” Valeri said softly
	“You should be ashamed to call yourself Dracula!” Alucard exclaimed, “People used to be afraid of you! All of Romania used to tremble at your feet! Get up!”
	Dracula got up with a deadly look in his red eyes. He balanced the sword in his hand and advanced slowly to Alucard. It was like the sword had changed him, had made him back to who he was before. Now he was the Dracula from the nightmares of mortal men and the tempter from the dreams of mortal women.
	“You talk too much, you insolent brat!” Dracula said. His eyes were darker, his voice cold and emotionless. “That’s why I killed you in the first place!”
	“I told you this was a bad idea Marik.” Alucard stated
	“We need everyone we can get Alucard.” Marik said, “So put what happened in the past aside, and act like a Dark Lord!”
	“Marik’s right, you should save that adrenaline for the Lycans.” Clover stated
	Alucard and Dracula nodded and withdrew their swords.
	“Now that we don’t want to kill each other, we should head to the forest.” Valeri sated
	“Let’s go.” Marik said. They left and went outside and stopped in the courtyard.
	“Wait, we’re not going to walk there are we?” Valeri asked
	“Are the horses still here Dracula?” Marik asked
	“Yes, in the stable.” Dracula stated. He guided them to the western wall of the castle and in to a large wooden rectangular building. 
	“How do you keep this hidden?” Valeri asked, “This place is huge!”
	“I placed runes on the four corners of the stable, so that people with mortal eyes cannot see it.”
	Clover went over to one of the stalls and petted the horse there. “Why are all of the horses black?” she asked
	“They are the descendants of Marik’s original black horse.” Dracula said
	“They all look the same, like the horse from Isabelle’s memories.” Clover said
	The horses neighed loudly as the moon crept across the sky.
	“Guys, we need to go!” Marik exclaimed. They saddled the horses and rode off into the night.
	They reached the Hoia-Baciu Woods soon after. The horses neighed and halted at the edge of the forest, refusing to go on.
	They got off the horses and walked into the forest. After a while, they reached a clearing in the midst of the forest.
	“Is this the place from your dream Clover?” Marik asked
	“Yes, the place where I died.” Clover responded
	“Don’t say that Clover! You’re not dying while I’m still alive!” Marik retorted
	“Behind you! Marik!” Alucard shouted
	Marik turned around and saw them. Silent as worms, two wolves crawled towards him.
	More followed, slipping from different parts of the forest. Under the cover of darkness, the pack had stalked in, unseen, congregating from four directions.
	Marik and his companions formed a small, tight circle, with their weapons ready. They were five against a nation of beasts. The red moon was high in the sky, directly above the clearing. The wolves howled.
	Clover picked a target – one in front, so the rest of wolves would see him die – and shot. The wolf collapsed in human form with an arrow stuck in his neck and blood squirting out, staining the arrow.
	The unforgettable scent of death rose in the forest. Clover strung another arrow.
	One of the wolves lunged for Valeri.
	She was as agile as a cat. Valeri dodged. Another Lycan held her. She slipped a hand into her boot, took out a knife and stabbed the Lycan’s leg. She broke free, turned, and stabbed the Lycan’s heart. The Lycan howled and Valeri pulled out her knife.
	Marik forced his mind to pattern the Lycan’s movements, trying to spot Liam. Alucard and Dracula danced a path through the wolves, slashing bodies in two.
	“Looking for me Marik?” a voice called. A group of Lycans separated and Liam walked towards Marik, his eyes yellow and the imprints of the necklace glowed. They – Marik and Liam – stood five meters away from each other.
	“Liam, what took you so long?” Marik asked as his eyes turned red.
	“Just waited until your guards left.” Liam said as he motioned to Clover and Valeri.
	“Let’s make this easy for the both of us Liam.” Marik said, “Just knell so I can kill you. You won’t even need to transform.”
	A wolf wove past Marik. He used the side of his sword to knock the wolf off balance. He drove the blade through the wolf’s stomach, up under the breastbone, to the heart. Marik’s eyes were still focused on Liam. The Lycan’s body slid off Marik’s sword.
	In a quick fluid motion, Liam knocked the sword out of Marik’s hand. His nails turned to talons. He struck Marik’s face. Marik stumbled, and then fell to the ground.
	 During this time, the Lycans’ had gained the upper hand. The vampires were losing, being over-powered. The Lycans’ seemed to be strategically attacking, specific groups targeting each of the vampires.
	Clover transformed, blood dripping from her arm. She attacked, killing two wolves. Three more wolves pounced on her.
	Valeri was coughing blood, with deep, bloody claw-cuts on her back. A wolf struck her thigh. She collapsed. 
	Alucard was surrounded by at least eight Lycans. He fended off attacks, barely keeping up with his attackers.
	Dracula was worse off than the rest. His body was being mutilated by dozens of claws. His cries for Selene were the only sounds pulsating from his lips.
	Marik got up staggering, shaking his head, trying to see through a black mist. His was bloody and his nose broken.
	“What’s wrong Marik? Can’t take a punch?” Liam mocked and kicked Marik’s thigh.
	Marik lunged at Liam, took out a knife from his boot, and sunk it in Liam’s leg. Liam howled and kicked Marik off.
	Under this organized chaos, Marik heard a man’s voice. “Summon the souls from the trees, they will fight for you.” The voice was deep an ancient, like an old, wise teacher. “Call them with your mind.”
	Disoriented and unsure, Marik did as he was told. Thousands of black figures appeared from the trees and attacked the wolves, slaying them within a matter of seconds, but leaving Liam.
	Marik got up and took his sword in hand. Before returning to the trees, the figures bowed respectfully before Marik. “Thank you.” He uttered to the figures. He advanced slowly towards Liam. With an evil smirk on his face, Marik slashed his sword through Liam, cutting him in half.

Chapter Thirty
Marik stepped over Liam’s corpse and limped over to Clover and Alucard. They were both badly wounded and standing over Dracula’s and Valeri’s bloody bodies.
	Not wanting to break the silence, Marik knelt and shut Dracula’s eyes. Valeri’s eyes were closed by Alucard.
	Alucard picked up Valeri’s body and carried her slowly to the castle without saying a word.
	The moon disappeared behind black clouds.
	Clover looked at Marik. He was breathing heavy, his hands shaking. Marik’s blue eyes surveyed the black forest. Bodies decorated the floor, blood painted the trees.
	Blood suddenly gushed from the wound on Clover’s arm, enough blood to fill the seven seas. She collapsed. Her eyes were wide open and bloodshot. Marik picked her up and started to carry her back to the castle. At the center of the clearing, the moonlight shone directly on them, white and pure. Clover’s limp body regained life and warmth. Her breathing was steady. She was sleeping. Her wounds were healed along with Marik’s.
	“Put her down Marik.” a woman commanded
	Marik turned around. The Sisters of Fate were standing at the edge of the clearing, looking in.
	“What are you doing here?” Marik asked
	“To carry out Fate Marik.” the Sisters said, “Clover was not to survive this war.”
	“What gives you the right to decide who lives and who dies?” Marik asked angrily.
	“We are Fate Marik. You, of all people, should know that we have control.”
	“That’s bullshit!” Marik exclaimed, “It was Selene that brought her back!”
	“You mean Artemis’ hand maiden?” the Sisters asked. They laughed.
	Marik looked at them with eyes that could kill death.
	“Marik, we like you, but if you really want to save Clover, you’ll have to kill her.”
	“I’m not going to kill her!”
	“Fine, but if you don’t want her tormented for the rest of eternity, we suggest you kill her yourself. Or we will.” the Sisters said then vanished.
	Marik stood there with Clover in his arms, contemplating on the Sisters’ words.
	Marik put Clover down gently on the earth.
	Clover woke up.
	“Clover…I find a way to bring you back, I promise.” Marik said
	“Marik…what are you talking about?” Clover asked
	“I love you Clover, and I’m sorry.” Marik said. A single tear flowed down his cheek. Seeing this, Clover burst into tears. Marik slowly took out his sword.
	“Marik…what are you doing?” Clover asked, her face drowned in tears.
	“Don’t cry Clover. I hate to see you cry.” Marik said, “I’m sorry.”
	“Marik…I love you.”
	He kissed her lips for the last time then lifted the sword into the sky. Slowly, he brought the sword down and pierced Clover’s heart. She coughed up blood.
	“I’ve never seen you cry before Marik. Am I…really…that important to you? Clover’s eyes shut. Marik looked away.
	Marik took the sword out from Clover’s body and looked at her face, innocent and pure. Regret and disbelief filled his eyes.
	“Are you happy now?” Marik shouted at the sky. “She’s dead!” He looked at the weapon in his hand, Clover’s innocent blood dripping gloomily on the forest floor. Her face showed no sadness, with the smile of a young girl on her face, her cheeks flushed with red.
	Marik went to a tree and craved Clover’s name on it with a knife. Moonlight shone on the clearing and a woman, dressed in white, stood beside Clover.
	“Get away from her!” Marik exclaimed
	“Do not worry, I mean her no harm.” the woman said. Her voice was fluid, like fresh, pure water. Her white hair blew without the wind.
	Marik knelt. “Selene…why are you here?”
	“Artemis asked me to bring Clover to her Marik.” Selene stated, “And I promised to protect Clover.”
	“Where will you take her?” Marik asked as he got up.
	“To Olympus. It is Artemis’ wish that Clover become one of her hunters.”
	“But, she’s dead.”
	“You have done well Marik, do not worry.” Selene commended. “You defied Fate and created a new destiny for Clover. That is the greatest gift you could have given her.”
	Selene picked up Clover. “I will be seeing you in Greece, Marik. You may be the Prince of Darkness, but you have a good heart.”
	Selene and Clover disappeared in a flash of white moonlight.
THE END
About the Author

Dave Scott’s unshakable love of fantasy and supernatural fiction inspired him to write his debut novel, The Darkblade Prophecy, when he graduated from high school at seventeen. 

	Dave lives with his family in Jamaica where he continues to work on the Windows to the Soul trilogy. 


	
