WOLF MOON
CHRONICLES

Phase I

New Moon Rise

Kiltron
And
Nightwolf
Copyright © 2020 by Dan Harrington

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be produced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law.

ISBN
(Paperback) 9798692776648
(eBook) 9781005358594

Kiltron dedicates this book to Micael Sundvall;
His Viking wolf brother in arms. Howl!
I couldn’t do this project without you.
Blood and honour!

Acknowledgements

First, I would like to thank my consultant Micael Sundvall, for guiding me on this adventure. Who has made this setting so real! He suggested the areas he grew up in and hung out when he was younger.
“Bro it looks like an apocalypse hit it.”
So, here we are, in Kiruna. I asked about a setting in Sweden, and I got a great one. Although the characters will go to other parts of Sweden and the world, but most of the story telling will be there. Although, Micael does little writing at, the moment and my hopes are he will have more time to do more writing with me, he too, is a remarkably busy man with his work, family, reno, and writing his own book that he has put on hold for a time. He has still found some time to consult me about his country and how people socialize there and what is different and what is the same as Canada. Sweden gets Canadian beer, eh! Fucking A man! His name shall be on the cover anyway because this is a team effort and my knowledge of my brother’s culture, I know next to nothing. Therefore, I need help on this project. He has been a great help and I am grateful for it. Love you man. Thank you so much! HOWL!

“A coming-of-age story about a teen couple that are surrounded by a cast of complex characters that have ulterior motives filled with rich lore, sex, and violence? Oh, it also has werewolves and witches? Okay, I’m in!”
-Jay Crudge




“He has captured the essence of Sweden… but at the same time I was brought into a completely different world, where the characters felt like real people. I love the idea of the Sámi tribe being a focus of the story!”
-Micael Sundvall




“A power struggle in the works. The future fate of a new generation is at stake. Follow the moon phases of this story to completion. May this couple survive the trials ahead of them! I, myself am rooting for Mikael and Melody to overcome the odds.”
-Kiltron

First Full Moon

Pale and bright;
This full moon tonight;
A transformation of fright.
-The Moon Witch
At last, he was out into the night away from the community and his… mother. She was so damned overly protective of him, that it was sickening. So, controlling and overbearing. All the constant training was nerve racking. Understandably she was the leader of their little community and they were her responsibilities, not his. He exhaled a long breath at the thought. He was only glad to have some time to himself. Not to be in a community of bikers. Natt Vargar– Night Wolves.
Mikael Sundsvall was a wild untamed lad, who just hated being told what to do. A reason why he was out and about in the streets in the town of Kiruna, Sweden. This part of the country looked just like an apocalypse had just happened. There were wooded lands all over the place, but the growth was stunted, and in some places sparse. There was a lot of bare rock formations that occurred naturally from the glaciers, also from what, mining had been led to. Did not mean it was any less beautiful. By, all means no, it was wonderous out here in the far northern regions of Sweden. Damn cold in winter that was for sure. Mikael grew up here. He had explored the surrounding areas so much that he was sure he knew more of the terrain than even his mother did. She spent too much time in Abisko. Especially at the research station there.
Well, he just decided to take the number 93 train from Abisko to Kiruna. When he hit the train station, he walked down the main highway E10 which was the road Nordkalottvagen which turned into Lombololeden all being the same road that went the outskirts of town. He turned and walked down Stationsvagen. It led into town. He went down Hjalmar Lundbohmsvagen to Gruvvagen. Up to Adolf Hedinsvagen. He went into the Direkten convenience store to grab some snack food. He grabbed a bunch of junk paid for it then went to the bowling alley in the sports hall next door.
Walked right into grey tiled flooring and the black lights were on making the bowling lanes look so blue. The one wall had lit up bowling pins that moved about. The white chairs were clean, and the vid screens kept score. The bowling balls were a myriad of colours and patterns. It was a real cool happening place. There were a lot of people tonight that mingled about with drinks and food.
There was a commotion near the restrooms. A girl was being harassed by two boys. Mikael shook his head. It was always the same old kind of bullshit with teenage guys. They make a pass at a girl and she brushes them off and the guys act like a bunch of assholes all the time. He really hated this kind of attitude in people. Something that got Mikael into trouble because of his hot temperament. Like the trouble he was about to get into now. He strolled toward the two boys who carried on with their antics, with the girl. The girl had big curly hair trimmed just past her shoulders. Her creamy dark skin glistened with sweat. She had been running. She was fit and toned. She had the classic ghetto booty in the tight black jeans she wore. She was dressed all in black. Her t-shirt was of a band named Blackbriar. Good taste, he thought. She wore a leather jacket for those cool summer nights. Her boots were black with silver buckles strapped up to the knee.
The boys he recognized as he came closer. He had an idea that he knew would work without any conflict. He walked right up to the girl grabbed her hand and kissed her cheek.
“Hey gorgeous, we going to hang or what? What took you so long to get here?” Mikael asked. He nodded to the boys. “Hey guys what’s up?” They raised their hands in the air.
“Nothing man,” one said.
“We were just leaving,” said the other. They moved away.
The stunned girl eyed Mikael with raised brows.
“Thank you so much,” she said appreciatively and shook his hand. “Name’s Melody.” Her indigo eyes of a unique purple colour pierced into his blue depths.
“Mikael, Mikael Sundsvall,” he smiled. “like to get the hell out of here?” he suggested. Melody linked her arm in his.
“Sure, before those jerks decide to come back,” she said light heartedly.
“They won’t,” Mikael assured her.
“Oh, and why is that?” she asked doubtfully.
“I had an altercation with them once before and it did not turn out so well for them,” Mikael said with a smile. They walked out of the bowling alley. Into the night air they went and walked down the street for awhile until Melody pointed to a group of trees.
“Let’s go there,” she said. Mikael nodded. They went into Ahos Park. They crossed the street to the other side and entered the park. Melody opened her arms and spun around in glee. Mikael laughed. He pulled out some of his snacks and shared them with her. She gladly excepted and munched away. She just loved chocolate. She was smiling. It had been a long time since she had done that. She liked Mikael. He was nice. Cute too. His long pale blonde hair just reached past his shoulders. He had full kissable lips, not that she wanted to kiss him mind you, well, maybe. She did not know. But she was attracted to him for one thing. Had to think of something different. To distract her from her attraction. She suspected he liked heavy metal music. So, she asked.
“Bet you like all that black and death metal stuff huh,” she teased as she poked him in the chest. He chuckled.
“Nay! Too growly and I can’t understand what they are saying. I like the band you are wearing though. Great band. Zora's voice is like a siren's call and I love the duet with Ulli Perhonen on the song ‘Snow White and Rose Red’,” he through back at her. She was impressed, sly dog that he was. What else did he like when it came to music?
“What else do you listen to?” she asked.
“Oh, are we playing a game of twenty questions I see!” he laughed. “Alright I'll play along. Johnny Cash, September Mourning, a ton of the classic rock from the 60s and 70s. Muddy Waters is my favorite blues artist. Gary Numan is so awesome…”
“Whoa! Alright I get it you like just about anything,” she laughed and gave a playful punch on the shoulder. He grabbed his shoulder and pretended to be hurt. ‘Ouch’! They laughed some more. She liked this one. He had charisma and he was smart. They talked so much about music. She tried tricking him a few times. He caught on every time. She liked matching wits with him. Besides, you had to like someone who was a fan of the industrial band Skinny Puppy.
Suddenly Mikael leaned against a tree and held his stomach. He did not feel well. He grew feverish quite fast as he began to sweat heavily.
“Hey, you alright Mikael?” Melody asked in concern.
“I… I don’t know. Just got this sudden pain,” he answered in a strained tone as he removed his leather jacket. He let it fall to the ground. Another bout of pain hit him. He grunted. She went to his side to help him stand when she was knocked away. She fell to the ground. She looked up and saw the boys from the bowling alley. One had a baseball bat and hit Mikael down. Melody was shocked.
“We are going to have some fun with you bitch,” one of the boys said. Melody looked to Mikael and stared wide eyed. His hand reached out to her as he screamed in agony. His face contorted and rippled. He spasmed on the ground as if he were having a seizure. His limps twisted at odd angles like he was being controlled by a puppeteer. His clothes tore to shreds and were ripped away.
By the Goddess, Melody thought in horror. No way! He was one of those! She had to find a way to get out of there, now! Too late, the boy who spoke to her grabbed her and kept her pinned to the ground. He laughed as he hit her.
“Get away from her,” a roar sounded. It was the most frightening sound Melody had ever heard in her life. The boy who had hit Mikael with the bat went flying through air and hit a tree with a terrible crunch. He fell still on the ground.
“What, the fuck. You are a dead…” the boy who had Melody on the ground never got to finish his sentence as a half wolf, half man creature ripped into him and tore him apart. There was guts and gore everywhere. Melody could only stare in fear as she tried to back away. Mikael stood there with blood dripping from his now clawed hands. Silver fur coated his body and shimmered in the moon light. His canines dripped saliva. His wolf eyes were such a deep blue pool that you could dive into and drown yourself.
“Melody what is happening to me?” Mikael growled and whimpered. He fell and tried to crawl to her. He roared in pain in the full moonlit sky. Again, his face contorted and his body malformed and twisted. He pleaded for Melody to help. She watched and waited as Mikael’s transformation finished. He was once again human, a man. Melody snapped out of it, scurried over to his jacket, and brought it over to cover him. She grabbed him and held him. She had no idea why she stayed with him or why she felt a connection to him, but there was this tug. She could not explain it. She could just get up and run, right! For some reason she did not want to leave him. He had helped her out twice now. She shivered at the thought what would have happened if those boys had their way with her. It made her sick to think about it. Crazy thought! She would of rather of been eaten by the werewolf. No! Michael would not have hurt her, she knew this. Not sure how, but she felt it to be true. 
FUCK!
What was she going to do? She had to get him and herself out of here. She had to get him up. She tried lifting him, but he was too heavy for her. She even did her best not to admire his nakedness. He was so damned yummy in her eyes. She gave her head a shake. They were in some deep shit right now and she was thinking some very dirty thoughts.
“Come on Mikael wake your hunky ass up,” she said with a heave as she tried to drag him along the grass. She managed to drag him a hundred feet before collapsing to her knees out of breath.
Damnit! A real live werewolf. Both cool and scary. She thought a moment. He did not know what was happing to him. How was that possible? How could he not know what he was? He looked so peaceful lying here. She touched his face. How was she to get him out of here in this state?
Melody looked up and saw an old woman dressed strangely. She held a staff with some, sort of items dangling from it.
“You have finally found one another I see,” the old crone cackled, and mist swept in around Melody and Mikael and the park became empty.

Salmi

I banished his fury;
with my fiery light!
-Aila

Mikael groaned in pain as he awoke. His whole body ached. He was stiff and could barely move. He tried to rise but soft hands rested upon his chest.
“Easy Mikael,” a familiar voice spoke. “Lie still. You need to rest awhile longer,” Mikael looked up into purple eyes that had more the shade of violet in the light, they were the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen.
“Melody?” he questioned. “What happened… and where are we?” He winced and did his best to sit up and look around. The young girl Melody helped him up. A jolt of surprise shot through him as he realized that he had no clothes on. Mikael looked Melody in the eye with embarrassment. His cheeks turned red. Melody for a moment wanted to play on it but changed her mind. It was not the appropriate time.
“Nothing intimate happened. We were not drunk,” she assured him.
“Then why does my head feel like I have a hangover?” He groaned miserably. “Where are my clothes anyway?” He rubbed his temples.
“About that…” she spoke slowly. “I have your jacket anyway,” she said quickly as she held it out to him.
“Thank you. My clothes?” He asked again.
“Yeah, like I said before. About that… what do you remember, Mikael?” Melody resisted the urge to touch his face.
My goodness he is so handsome, she thought. She risked a glance down at his lap and let that, particular… memory, invade her mind. There was humour in her eyes that Mikael was just too tired and sore to explore. Melody sat on the makeshift bed, too close for Mikael’s comfort. Melody smiled knowingly. She even rested a hand on his leg. He stiffened. His one open eye widened.
What was that smell? It came from Melody. Oh, she smells so good, Mikael thought. He gazed at her.
“I just remember us at the park and pain, a red haze, I think. You were in trouble…” he paused. He looked at her and saw the bruised eye. He reached out and touched her cheek. She winced. His hand on her cheek felt so right. Yet she was afraid.
The door burst open and the old woman came in.
“Ah!” She screeched. “Handsome boy is awake. So, is girl. Boyfriend and girlfriend, together again. Good! Good!” The old woman praised. She then handed Mikael clothes. He took them.
“Thank you,” he said slowly, confused. “Is anyone going to answer any of my questions?”
“Come. Come,” the old woman said as she grabbed Melody by the arm. She waved her hand to Mikael. “You dress. Talk later.” Then her and Melody left the room. Melody closed the door slowly and watched Mikael. He sat a moment longer alone with his thoughts.
The old woman brought Melody to another room and pointed. “Look. Look.” She grinned. Melody let out a sigh. The old woman moved a picture on the wall and to Melody’s surprise she watched Mikael start to get dressed. Her mouth dropped.
Oh my god, that ass is a fine feature. All muscle and round, her dirty mind thought. He turned to the side as he was putting on his undergarments and she bit her lip until it bled. She even squeezed her thighs together tightly.
I’m such a perv right now. Melody’s thoughts were in turmoil, but she could not look away. She wanted to see more. Her gaze lingered on his muscular body. Damn he was built like a brick shit house. Powerful limbs and his chest… she squeezed her eyes shut. When she opened her eyes, she turned to the old woman.
“Granny. How often do you peeping Tom on others, you perverted old woman, you,” Melody scolded seriously! The old woman laughed.
“Whenever I can my dear. I have seen some handsome men and women, but your man in there takes the cake on all of them,” the old woman laughed and walked away.
“Granny. Where are you going?” Melody did her best to keep her annoyed voice low. She snuck one last peek and sighed lightly.
Damnit, why must he be so hot, she groaned and went after the old woman. She left the room went around the corner and walked right into Mikael.
“Sorry Melody,” he said quietly.
“It’s alright,” she replied and let Mikael hold her. Last night’s event had shaken her up. He gazed down at her.
“What happen to you Melody?” He grew genuinely concerned. “Did I do that to you?” He hoped he did not.
“No!” She said softly with her hand on his cheek. “You saved my life…” And prevented me from being raped, she thought gratefully. Those assholes got what they deserved as far as she was concerned.
Mikael’s eyes widened as some memory intruded upon him.
“Did I… hurt… kill them…” he choked out as his heart pumped faster and his head began to spin. It was suddenly hard for him to breath. A panicked look overcame him. Melody gripped onto his jacket.
“Mikael!” She said calmly. “Listen to my voice okay!” He nodded and focused on her. “Everything will be alright. I will explain all I can to you in a little while,” she held his focus, and he began to calm himself. She hugged him and he embraced her back. She made her decision to help him no matter what. He had no idea what was happening to him. She did not understand how he was unaware of it, but she would do this. They were in this together now.
“Thank you, Melody, for being here with me,” he whispered into her hair.
“Of course, we are in this together,” she assured him. The old woman watched with glittering eyes, a smirk on her wrinkled features.
“Enough talk, outside now,” the old woman screeched and startled the two teens. The awkward moment over they walked outside together, hand in hand.
When they were outside it was a bristling community with huts, katas, and even caves in the mountainside. Mikael stopped in his tracks as he observed everyone around. They wore bright coloured hide clothes with beads. Some people were dark of skin, some were red, and even pale like him. He was in a Sámi tribe. He was an outsider here and he had heard they do not like outsiders whatsoever.
Melody squeezed his hand and smiled. “These are my people, Mikael,” she paused and looked to the old woman. “This is my Granny. She is shaman of our tribe and you are welcome here as a friend to us.” It felt right to say the words to him. Yes! They were friends now! Perhaps more in the future.
All the folk were nice and greeted Mikael warmly. There was no distain. No bitterness. They were open and honest. They all shook Mikael’s hand and patted him on the shoulder. Words like ‘Welcome to our home’ ‘We shall help you learn’ ‘We will train you’ came up. How odd that they spoke in such a manner.
Mikael had been on his best behavior. He was polite and courtesy came natural to him. He just could not wait to talk to Melody about last night. He needed to know.
Him and Melody walked around the community. She showed him around and they talked. They sat by the lake later and she told him everything.

Leader of the Pack

A leader must make sacrifices;
And do what is necessary!
-Aila

Aila walked into her home and set her keys on the kitchen counter. She looked around and tapped her nails upon the granite top. She debated on whether to look for her son. She could not sense nor smell his scent. She walked to his bedroom and as she suspected, his bed had not been slept in last night. She was sure he had not been home for awhile now.
She narrowed her brows in annoyance. Her son had a habit of taking off for days on end. Her cell phone rang. She looked at the number and answered as she leaned against the door jam.
“Yes!” She clipped out. “I see! Find him now!” She ended the call.
“Damn you, Mikael. You were told to never leave the house or Compound.” She was angry now. More like pissed. She went back to the kitchen. Grabbed a glass set it down. Then opened a bottle of whiskey and poured herself a full glass. She downed it all in a single shot then poured another. This time she sipped her drink.
She was in a sour mood. It seemed her son may have been in some trouble. His phone was found in Ahos Park. Along with his torn clothing and two dead bodies of young boys. She sat down her glass, grabbed her keys, and left the house.
She was going to the compound. She would have to drive just northwest of Abisko Östra. Right now, she was in the town of Abisko which was just over two kilometres away. Take no time to get there. She got into her beamer and drove to her destination.
She pulled up into the compound and was met by a girl and two boys. She got out and greeted them.
“Olga, Abiørn, Dagh.” She nodded to them. They held their arms over the heart and bowed. “Pack Leader,” they said in unison.
“Olga, with me,” Aila said and walked toward one of the buildings. The two women went inside while the Abiørn and Dagh stood guard outside.
“Where are we at?” Aila questioned all business.
“We managed to get there before anyone else. The scene is under our control,” Olga confirmed. “We found Mikael's torn clothes and his blood. He is no where to be found. There were multiple scents. He was last seen with a dark-haired girl in the Kiruna bowling alley.” Olga took a slow steading breath. Aila looked sharply at her.
“What is it?” Aila snapped.
“Do you think he may have transformed?” Olga asked with concession. Aila was damn well certain of it since it was a full moon last night and will be again tonight. She had to find her son and soon. He had to be protected from the world and himself. Why was he triggered now of all times?
Aila placed her hand upon Olga's chin.
“Bring my son home. Do this and he is promised to you,” Aila said. Olga knew what that meant, and her eyes widened in anticipation. This was the one thing she had desired most in life. To be with Mikael, the love of her life. She so wanted to make wolf babies with him, and she has never hidden that fact from anyone. She has beat down more than a few other girls for even trying to make any attempt on Mikael. She could very well be the future wolf queen. Mikael as her king. Pact leaders.
“I’ll find him!” Olga stated matter of fact.
“Good! Take your brothers with you,” Aila ordered. Olga nodded and left. The hunt was on.
Aila went outside. She stood a moment and howled, long and low-pitched. Members of the pack came out from where they had been and stopped what they were doing. They gathered around their pack leader. They informed her of the details of what was known about her son. No one knew where he had gone. His scent led to a dead end. It never left the park. Aila found that part disturbing. They suspected the girl had disappeared as well along with him.
It had to of been her son that killed the two boys in the park, unless… the girl was a werewolf also. There would be time to debate this later. Now she had to find her son. He needed to understand and be trained in the ways of the pack.
She should have never kept this from him. Who was this girl he was with? She did not like the idea of someone else knowing what he was. She would deal with that when the time came.
There was going to be hell to pay for all this. Whom ever took her son was as good as dead. She would make sure of it herself.
One of the pack sons walked up to her and spoke, “The cargo is ready for shipment to the Nord pack.” He was a short stocky man. Well muscled. Strong as an ox.
“Make sure it gets done!” Was all she said as she then walked away. Her thoughts needed to be sorted out. She would go back home and deal with what needed to be dealt with. Tomorrow would be a long day at the office. She prayed Olga would find her son and soon.

The Drop

A transformation in haste;
I had a bloody taste.
-Lorn

They pulled into Bjørnfjell to make the drop as instructed. The two packs met in the parking lot. The crates were taken out and set down in the middle of the lot. Lorn was a short stocky fellow. Not to be fooled. He was well muscled and trained in combat. He looked about his sharp eyes picked out where the other dealers were. He swung his finger up in a circular motion. His companions disappeared in the shadows. He did not like the feel of things. For good reason. He knew what this Nord pack was about. For as long as anyone could remember Sweden and Norway had a dislike for one another, or at least a good population of the people did. Mostly involved football. Soccer as it is called overseas.
Lorn kept a sharp eye out. He knew what was to happen this night. The leader of the other group threw a duffle bag to the ground. Lorn knew what was really in the bag also. It was not the money.
“Check the bag. It is a message from our pack leader,” the man said. He was a tall fit man. Dressed in black. Lorn's gaze never left the eyes of his buyer. It was time to end this. One of the crates burst open. Then the pack started shooting an mp5. Silver bullets tore into the Nord pack. In an instant. Lorn himself had transformed. Claws and teeth ripped into the buyer. The other members of the pack were there in their half wolf forms. They preyed upon the Nord pack and soon it was over. Lorn stood there his fur coated in blood.
“Burn it all. Leave our mark as a warning,” his voice bellowed.
Soon fires were set and as the pack left small explosions erupted as the vehicles sent parts everywhere. Plumes of flames and smoke reached for the empty night sky.
Lorn grabbed the duffel bag shifted back to his human form to ride his bike back over the border home. His mistress will want to see what was in the bag. The pack went back to the compound. They rode in and talked with the others about what had happened. Lorn went into the main building. He sat the duffel bag on the counter of the bar. He raised two fingers in the air. The bartender knew what he wanted. She knew what everyone drank what ailed them. She sat a bottle of Norrland’s Guld – Northern Gold – with a shot of each of Absolut Vodka and Scotch. He did not like Czech beer like the rest of his brethren. Keep it domestic was his thoughts. He looked to the bartender. She shook her head. He pulled out his phone and dialed. She answered.
“You need to see this!” He stated. There was a pause on the other line then the response. He hung up and waited. Lorn downed his drinks. He was asked if he wanted another. He shook his head no.
It was not long until Aila walked into the compound’s main building. She walked to the bar.
“Open it!” She commanded. Lorn did. Aila’s brow furrowed. Lorn went pale at the look she gave. The head of one of their brethren was in it. It was not his human head, but it was in mid-transformation.

“Gather the others! We go to war. The Nord will be wiped out,” she growled. She had a hard time containing her anger. Her hand had left claw marks on the countertop.

The Call

I will have what has been promised me!
-Olga

She sniffed around the park for the second time. Same thing as before. Blood and Mikael’s scent ends in the same spot. As far as she knew he never left the park and neither did the girl that was with him. Her scent ended in the same spot as his.
This angered Olga to no end. She wondered what Mikael was doing with some other girl. It infuriated her. Why was he with another girl? She shook her head to rid her thoughts. She had to find him, if not for her own sake but that of his mother, Aila, leader of the pack.
Olga was here earlier. She was the one who found the bodies and called it in. It did not take long to clean up and get rid of the evidence. She knew Mikael did this. He had to of. He had his first transformation and killed the two teens. Question was, did he hurt the girl too? No! there was only blood from the two boys. Something happened here and Mikael and the girl are now gone. Where the hell did, he go? She would go check the bowling alley and talk to people there see if anyone knew anything.
Abiørn and Dagh came back shaking their heads. Nothing! No trace of him anywhere. This did not bode well in her stomach. She did not know whether she was in love with Mikael or not, but she did have a deep desire for him, to protect him. She never had doubts about anything unless it involved Mikael. Her brows narrowed; knuckles turned white as she clenched her fists tightly. She gritted her teeth, a grinding sounded. A deep throated growl escaped her. Her brothers took a step backward. They knew very well her moods. She could unleash a fury at any moment. She closed her eyes as they turned. She took many deep slow breaths to calm herself.
Fuck Mikael. Where the hell are you? She thought worriedly.
In the bush. Something glimmered in the light briefly. Olga investigated. She dug in and found a silver bracelet that burnt her fingertips. She let out a growl. She pulled out her knife and use it to pick it up. She examined it. Celtic knot work went around it and blended with the moon and star that had an amethyst in the middle of the star. Each point of the star had amber stones; Olga put the bracelet in her pocket. She recognized some of the Viking runes. She would show the pack leader. She would know more. Her thoughts were interrupted by the ring of her cell phone. She answered. She listened.
“On our way!” Then hung up. “Boys, we are done here. Time to go back, we have unfinished business with the Nord,” she said Moodily.
She got on her Harley and could not wait to feel the horsepower between her legs. The day she dreamt she would feel that same power of Mikael. She kicked started her bike and revved away; her two brothers followed.

Second Moon

A second transformation;
A pain so great.
Run away my sweet;
I don’t wish to hurt the Melody!
-Mikael

Mikael and Melody walked out in the fields together. Soon the sun would surrender to the night. Mikael was afraid. Something gnawed at him from within. The more time he spent with Melody the more he wanted to protect her from harm. Why was that? He wondered.
They climbed a rock outcrop and sat down beside one another. Melody grabbed his hands in hers. Her skin felt so soft and she smelt so wonderful that it was hard to concentrate. She looked him straight in the eye. He wanted to be devoured by those eyes. They were like amethyst sea stars that could guide sailors on their way.
Melody felt so drawn to Mikael. He was a werewolf, and she was no longer afraid. His eyes like the icy waters of the artic ocean. His hair was so fair that it was almost like snow. His skin was pale with splotches of red. He was so damn handsome that it hurt. She cleared her throat as more to distract her thoughts then to begin speaking.
“Mikael, what I have to tell you will be hard to accept, but it is the truth that I tell you,” she said strongly, seriously. She took a deep breath. She had to just say it. “You are a werewolf!”
Mikael blinked. He raised a brow. Melody was serious. He had no idea how to react. He just stared blankly at her. She continued with her story of last night and images began to form in his mind. Red hazy forms. Dread filled him as realization filled him. It was the truth! He killed them. Tore them apart. Panic seized him. His chest hurt as his heart pumped too fast. He could not breath. Sweat began to crest his brow. Melody held on to him.
“Mikael. Breathe. It’s alright!” She soothed.
“I killed them,” he chocked out. Melody touched his check with her hand.
“You saved my life and prevented…” she could not go on. He knew what she spoke of and that cleared his mind and emotions. A decision was made in him. They deserved to die. Even if he were not a werewolf, he may have killed them for what they tried to do to her.
Tears filled his eyes. Sorrow shone from within.
“I’m so sorry Melody,” he choked out.
“Hush now. It wasn’t your fault!” She breathed and hugged him. Tears filled her eyes. She could feel it. A connection between them. It ran on a deeper level. She slowly, pulled away. Her lips brushed his check. Her breathing quickened. She wanted…
Mikael screamed and leaned forward in agony. Melody snapped out of her reverie. She looked up. When did the night come? The moon was high and full. Bright as a beacon of summoning.
“Run Melody, please,” he grated through clenched teeth. The pain blinded him to redness. He looked on in horror as his hands started to slowly transform into clawed appendages.
“I won’t leave you Mikael. I know you won’t hurt me. You saved me, and I’m staying to help you through this,” she assured him. She gripped his face in her hands and looked him in the eye. His eyes shifted to canine blue and the sight awed her. Fur sprouted and filled her dark palms. She breathed through dark chocolate like lips. She was so wrapped up in the moment she did not notice him growling in her face.
Melody fell backward. He was upon her his jaws dripping with saliva so close to her cheek. She felt frightened but reined it in and looked Mikael into his wolfen eyes. His wet hot breath lashed at her throat. He barred his teeth. She slowly reached up to him and placed her hands on either side of his head. She scratched his ears.
“It’s alright Mikael,” her voice soothed. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed the side of his head. He whimpered then licked the side of her face. She brought him down to lay with her and she held him the whole time. The whole time she spoke to him in a soothing tone. His fur was soft and white as arctic snow. He was beautiful.
“See, I told you wouldn’t hurt me. You are good, pure of heart and soul,” she murmured to him. He sniffed her. Melody moaned pleasantly. Mikael yelped and growled. He began to transform back to his human form. It ended with his yell of agony as he collapsed upon her. He was breathing heavily.
“No!” He cried out. He pushed away from her. He covered his growing membrane. He stood up and ran off.
“Mikael, wait. It’s alright. Don’t go,” she yelled after him. “It’s fine with me,” she whispered. She had a moment of hesitation. She stood and went after him.
From a distance the shaman, Melody’s Grandmother watched and smiled. She gave a nod of approval.
“He is the son indeed!” She said to herself.

Sami Shaman

The son shall one day free the father!
-Sami Shaman

The shaman named Granny watched the two teens interact. Watched as Mikael transformed. Watched how a vicious beast brought no harm to her granddaughter. The old shaman approved of the boy. Hoped that the two young ins would become partners, if not lovers. Mates.
The boy reminded her of someone she had once known so long ago. Someone who was now gone. Memories saddened her. Memories that were supposed to be lost in the dust. She missed her long-lost love. A man she never had the pleasure to touch, to feel his touch, or his embrace, but has forever longed for it.
She gazed upon the moon and let her mind wonder to a time where her feelings ran rapid.

Helga lounged in the sacred oak tree with a sprig of grass between her teeth. This was the best spot to be on the hill. Could see so much from here. The other gently rolling hills and mountain ranges. She was not here to watch the trees and the wildlife or how the valleys ran into one another. She waited for the wolf-man. He was fair haired and handsome with icy blue eyes that made her catch her breath. Every day she dreamt of him within her. Craved what a man like him could do to her in the throes of passion. Alias, he was bequeathed to someone else, her best friend and she would never interfere with their relationship no matter how she felt. She was a woman of honour, the future Sami shaman.
She was young, vibrant, and full of energy. She leaped down from the tree branch she was on. Her firm strong legs held true to her landing. Then sprinted off down the hill. It was near that time of day that her two friends would get together in the glade. So, off she went to meet up with them.
It did not take her long to get there. It was on the river down from the glacier. Its cold refreshing waters were cleansing. Helga went into the small, forested glade. She hid behind a tree to watch and spy on her friends. They did things she wished she could do. She watched and waited. When their act of love making was finished, she made her presence known.
“Here wolfen, wolfen,” her voice was raised in song. “I spy with my little eye, two wolves lazing about, doing nothing but napping,” she giggled and jumped out onto her friend. They rolled about in laughter. Soon, their tussle ended with Helga being pinned to the ground.
“Got you!” Her friend said in victory. Helga kissed her friend on the lips quickly.
“I love you too Aila,” Helga laughed then hugged the other girl. They rolled around and wrestled some more until Aila’s mate interrupted with him clearing his throat.
“You girls done having your fun?” He said with a smile. The two young women looked up at him and then giggled. They stood up and brushed themselves off. The two friends picked twigs and leaves out of each other’s hair.
“Your mate is such a handsome man,” Helga breathed in her friend’s ear. Aila blushed at her words. “I bet he loves your tight ass,” Helga yelled as she slapped her friend’s ass and ran off laughing. “Hope wolves can climb trees,” she yelled over her shoulder.
Aila gave chase after her and howled in glee. High pitched screams echoed in the glade. The two girls were having fun chasing one another around. Every time one would catch up to the other there would be screams of joy and giggles right afterward. They rolled on the ground. Again, Aila pinned her friend down. Helga was all smiles.
“Got you now, little shaman girl,” Aila grinned then stuck out her tongue.
“You better not drool on me,” Helga managed to giggle out. Aila licked the side of Helga’s cheek. More laughter followed. Aila’s mate came roaring in and the girls screamed. He was in his wolf form. He leaped about and licked faces. So much happiness and joy filled the glade this day.
But a darkness came and attacked. A black mist rushed into the glade and swirled around Helga. Tendrils wrapped around her arms and legs and dragged her away.
“No!” Aila roared and mid-transformation. Her wolfen form was all claws and gnashing teeth as she gave chase.
Helga managed to twist herself out of the grasp of the creature that tried to take her. Energy built up from within until she unleashed it. A burst of crackling green light spiderwebbed out. The dark mist disappeared. A moment later Aila was at her friend’s side ready to rend their enemy to pieces.
“Very good,” a voice spoke from above in the trees. The two women looked up.
“Keena?” Helga said wearily.
“What the hell was that about?” Aila said crossly. Keena jumped down from the trees. She smiled viciously.
“Your training is going well and well you both are almost prepared for battle,” she was smug with her words. Keena’s dark eyes were penetrating. Her black lips danced about her mouth when she spoke. Her dark glittery skin had black mist that appeared then disappeared at random. She was lathe, but muscled, strong. She was shorter than the two girls. Her black mane was thick and long. She kissed Aila’s cheek who turned red in embarrassment.
Keena looked beyond the girls and saw the wolf man in is human form. He was a sight to behold. Silver hair flowed down his back and shoulders and almost reached the ground. His icy blue eyes made Keena’s heart flutter in her chest. How she wished she could have had him before Aila became his mate. A wild lover like him would have been perfect for the likes of her. She was a dark nymph, a creature of the wild dark woods. A night creature. She even had a brief thought what it would have been like to breed a wolf nymph. Humour glittered in her eyes as she smiled at the girls. The two women looked to one another in wonder in what suddenly happened to be so funny. Helga shrugged her shoulders and Aila eyes followed the dark nymph as she walked to her mate.
“Milord!” Keena said with reverence and gave a brief bow. The girls raised their brows. “The queen has need of you!” She stated. The wolf man sighed. “Alright!” He spoke. He walked to Aila and kissed her deeply. “I shall return shortly,” he said to her and kissed her again.
The dark nymph smiled at the girls and dark mist enveloped her and the wolf man and they were gone.

The Sami shaman looked longingly at the full moon with an ancient yearning that no one could possibly understand. There was only ever one man she genuinely loved, and that love was never reciprocated. That did not matter to her. She knew in her heart her feelings were real. A tear gently slid down her cheek.
Why did she betray him? She thought. What had happened to their friendship?
Helga looked in the direction the teens had gone, and hope was renewed. Maybe things could be made right this time. She let the moonlight fill her, embrace her.

Let’s Go for A Swim

Drink these waters with me;
Embrace the warmth within me.
Mikael take me;
Be one with me.
-Moon Witch
Melody found Mikael down by the lake. He was chest deep in it. She stopped to gaze upon him. His blonde hair was silver like in the moonlight. His strong broad muscled chest heaved with every breath he took. When the light hit just, right his eyes flashed blue.
My goodness he is so hot, she thought. She bit her lips.
“Out for a swim?” she teased him.
“N… no!” his teeth chattered as he spoke. “Maybe!” he stood shivering in the glacial waters. Melody continued to watch him as she started to take her own clothing off.
“What are you doing?” Mikael asked in a panic his eyes went wide.
“Joining you for a swim of course,” she said evenly, her eyes never left his. Her pants went down, shirt came off. She was as bare as the day she was born. Mikael averted his gaze, but it was already too late, he had seen everything already. Melody smiled and kept her gaze upon him. She moved slowly into the chilly waters. It felt good upon her inflamed skin. She came in closer to Mikael. Her eyes captivated him. He was drawn to her. She moved closer and licked her full lush lips. Mikael did everything in his power not to groan. His breathing quickened. His cheeks heated. He put his hands down to his crotch to prevent the rise of his manhood. Not even the glacial waters could stop his passions from rising. Melody’s eyes pierce right through him. She was so beautiful. The moonlight made her indigo eyes glow. He still marveled how someone could have purple eyes.
Melody’s one arm went around his neck while her other hand reached down and felt him throbbing. She drew closer to him as he groaned in anticipation. Her lips pressed against his ear.
“I think you want me,” she whispered. She nibbled his lobe. His arms went around her waist. She pressed in closer, ever so slowly. He slid against her thigh so close to entering her.
“Oh Melody!” he breathed in exasperation. His hands slipped down and gripped her ass cheeks. Her hand placed him at her entrance and as he started to slide in…
“Children! Time to come out of the water… Now!” The last word was emphasized in a strong tone. If anything could kill the mood, that sure did it. Mikael’s cheeks turned red and burned as he was startled. Melody jumped and the two of them separated.
“Fuck! I’m sorry Mikael. I… I just…” she went silent and glanced at her grandmother on the shore.
“Out now!” The shaman’s voice’s tone was low, annoyed. Melody held Mikael’s hand and did not want to let go, but she did. She walked to the shore in a sulking mood. She picked up her clothes and dressed hurriedly. Mikael came to shore with his hands covering his privates.
“Now, you are shy? Come now lad,” Granny grinned. Mikael’s eyes went wide. Damn her purple eyes that saw everything. Mikael walked quickly by her. As he walked by granny slapped his ass with her staff. Mikael yelped and ran back to the village. The old shaman woman laughed.
“Granny, how could you?” Melody began. The shaman lifted her hand for silence. The young girl obeyed. An old, wrinkled finger pointed at her granddaughter.
“Not yet! You both shall know when the time comes, but as of now control yourselves. There are things you must know and understand first before you go through anything with him. Understand!” Granny urged. Melody nodded. “Good! He does have a wonderful ass,” the shaman smiled wickedly at her granddaughter. Melody rolled her eyes.
“Granny, stop,” Melody groaned in misery. They both walked back toward the village. The whole-time Melody was teased by her shaman grandmother.

New World
Across the torrential seas;
Mistress of the waters indeed.
Her fury is unmatched;
As lightning flashes from her eyes.
-Fafnir

“I besiege you my love, to turn back,” Aila cried out. Her voice was hoarse and raw from yelling into the storm. It was a furious one to be had. The mistress of this sea was angry indeed. Aila did not believe for one moment that there were other lands so far out in these oceanic waters. How could there be when they have been on these waters for over a month now with no land in sight. She was certain that they were all doomed.
The constant rocking and churning waves made it difficult to hang on to anything and not be thrown overboard, not to mention everything was wet and slippery.
Aila felt sick to her stomach. She wondered how sailors could go through this torment. She hoped the long boat did not capsize and sink. She really did not want to drown out here.
She looked over at her husband and was in awe of how he could stand so still and not be jousted around. She was so enraptured by him and his prowess. He had such an indomitable strength that could not be restrained.
Hang on! A jolting wave lifted the ship up high and it then swept down like a rushing fall down a cliff. Her heart pounded in her throat. Aila was on the verge of passing out.
Darkness! Bright light! Blinding! It was sunlight. Warm like a hot breath upon her cheek. There was motion. She was being carried. She opened her eyes and felt his breath upon her cheek. She smiled wanly and kissed her husband’s cheek. She loved him with all her heart…
Wait!
Land! She was on land. She squirmed out of his arms and felt the sand under the water. They were almost to shore. She ran and splashed to the beach. She flopped down on the ground and reveled in the hot sand. Finally, on dry land and the storm ended. Which in her mind was a blessing! She could not be happier than she was right now.
Her husband chuckled deeply. He came to the beach and stood before her. She looked up at her handsome man. She smiled like a minx. She wanted him to take her upon the beach here and now. Her arms stretched up toward him. He grabbed her hands and lifted her to her feet. She kissed his mouth and he kissed her back deeply.
When they broke away, he said in a low voice, “There are people I want you to meet.” Aila gave him a questioning look.
“Oh!”
She turned around and there stood a group of people vastly dressed differently than her and the clan. There were similarities also. They braided their hair just as her Viking brethren did. They dressed in what looked to be animal hides with colourful beads that decorated in designs never seen before. They all had hair like the ravens and crows. Their skin was a dark coppery shade. A hue of red that was not unlike sunbaked flesh.
There was an exoticness to the natives of this newfound land. A wild savageness she was suddenly drawn to. Like a kindred spirit. Just like her own people yet different. A difference she liked very much.
Aila looked about and realized how similar the landscape was to her homeland, but here the trees were larger and the land rockier. She walked with her husband to greet these strange looking people. He greeted them in a language she has never heard before. They revered him. They knew him and he had been here before she suddenly realized. How old was he? What other places has he traveled too? So, many questions brewed in her mind. For now, they went with the native peoples of this land to their tribal village.
When they arrived, the tribe was smaller than her village. Well organized and spacious. The buildings if they could be called that were strange indeed. They were cone like and reached up. Smoke spiraled out of each one. Her husband told her they were tipis. They were so unlike the long houses they built. These tipis were a circle of wooden poles covered in hide and furs. Everyone stopped what they were doing and gathered around to touch her skin and hair. She was as different from them as they were from her.
Aila was confused by the attention at first. Seemed so odd to act in such a manner. Later it was explained to her that these people had never seen someone as pale and blonde as her. Golden hair like the sun. Skin pale as the moon.
That night Aila made a comment to her husband as to; if he would like to caress her pale moon ass. He let out a small growl. They made love on foreign soil.

Aila smiled then sneered at the memory that invaded her mind. She clenched her fist. Her phone had been ringing. She answered.
“Show me later. We have some business to take care of first,” she replied. She hung up and sat her phone down. She removed her clothing and then went outside.
“Tonight, we prowl,” she ordered. Her transformation was quick, a blur of motion as fur covered her body and she was in wolf form. She howled and her pack howled along with her. They then followed their Alpha into the wilderness beyond.

We Ride

We ride;
We hide;
We hunt;
We kill;
This is our life!
-Olga

On their hogs they rode. Olga and her two twin brothers rode down the E10 at high speeds - E10 stands for Europa road 10. Soon they would cross the border to do a job. Olga looked forward to it. She needed to blow off some steam.
She clearly understood the urgency of what the pack leader wanted done, but her thoughts were about Mikael. She would find him at all costs. In Olga’s mind it was time for him to join the pack. Time for him to ride by her side. That! She would make sure of.
She gripped the throttle a little tighter. She picked up speed. The twins looked to each other in concern. They were already going at a dangerous speed. They shrugged their shoulders in unison. Throttles roared as they moved faster to keep pace with their sister.
The roads were smooth and mostly straight. Wide turns where you could drive at higher speeds. Just past Björkliden they started to have tighter turns especially beyond Tornehamn parkplats – a parking lot to stay and go fishing on Torneträsk lake.
Olga drifted in her memories. Memories about her and Mikael as children when they visited there. She missed those days.

“Mikael help me,” the little girl screamed at the top of her little lungs. It was a high-pitched piercing scream that could be heard for miles. Olga hung on to the tree branch for dear life. Mikael showed up in time as she slipped and fell on top of him. He did his best to try and catch her… at least he broke her fall. A tumble of limbs and a tangle in her dress. Mikael struggled away from his friend and leaned against the tree holding his ribs. He gasped for breath.
“You okay?” He asked in pain.
“You saved me,” Olga cried out and hugged him. He groaned in pain. “Thank you, Mikael.” Olga kissed his cheek. “I can’t wait until we are married one day,” she said it like it was a set date. Mikael smiled wanly at her.
Olga helped him to his feet. She was surprisingly strong for a girl eight years of age. She had her arm around his waist while his arm was around her shoulders. They made it back to their camp site. Mikael thanked her. Olga hugged him gently and kissed his cheek softly. She held Mikael’s gaze for a moment until Mikael’s mom came to check on them.
“Are you alright Mikael?” She asked. Mikael nodded. “I’m fine mother,” he replied with a wince. His mother smiled.
“My brave boy,” she praised. “Now, go run along. I wish to speak to Olga.”
“Yes, mother,” he said and moved on. Aila looked at Olga in the eye.
“What happened dear?” She asked the girl. Olga told her what had happened. Aila smile broadened.
“Well, one day you and Mikael may end up as mates,” Aila said. She held the girls chin in her hands. “If you keep helping him and protecting him, I am sure he will be grateful and who knows what may happen then.” The speculation sent a gleeful feeling through Olga. She smiled and hugged Aila. “Thank you.” Then she was running after Mikael and when she caught up to him, she held his hand. The whole time with a big smile on her pretty little features. That whole time they camped she never once left the boy’s side.

Olga had lost track of everything when she was consumed by her thoughts. She was speeding down the road at around one hundred and forty miles per hour. Her twin brothers must have been shitting themselves with worry. They had an understanding about her types of moods.
She pushed the throttle more. Speed was her release until she could release herself upon Mikael. She let out a howling roar. Her eyes changed. The wolf in them had come out. She looked back at her brothers briefly with a smile. It was reckless, dangerous. They knew they had to keep pace with her. Not an easy feat since she was the best damn rider in the pack. Her leather jacket had the colours of a timber wolf howling to a full winter’s moon. Natta Vargar – Night Wolves, förpackningen för alltid – The Pack Forever.
I will find you Mikael, and when I do. the people who took you will pay, she thought darkly. Tonight, there would be bloodshed.

Good Morning

Eyes of purple delight;
Full lips a fine sight.
Her beauty is unmatched;
My heart is attached.
-Mikael

Purple eyes looked down upon him. Her soft dark lips kissed his mouth. Her skin was so soft and silky to the touch. Mikael moaned her name. He saw someone else come up behind her. Blonde locks and deep blue eyes. Wolf eyes. Gnashing teeth buried themselves into Melody’s neck…
Mikael woke up screaming Melody’s name. In seconds Melody and her grandmother were in the room with him. Melody held him close to her. She laid down on the bed with him. Mikael’s eyes were wide open, yet he was not yet awake. He was caught between sleep and wakefulness. His nightmare was bad enough to have made him sweat so much.
“I’m here for you Mikael,” Melody spoke in soft soothing tones. She kissed his brow. Something in her voice calmed him and his eyes began to flutter closed. She gazed at the young werewolf longingly. Her voice at first was a hum, then her voice vibrated to a higher pitch. It was a soothing song she sung.

Oh, my wolf boy;
Handsome as can be.
I praise thee;
And your spiritualty.

Her voice was heard by all in the tribe. The beauty and harmony of it had everyone smiling and at peace. They felt the emotions that was spreading out like the rays of moonlight. 

Lovers we shall one day be;
Your icy eyes pierce through me.
My lips taste your kiss;
Baby; stay inside of me.

She poured her heart and soul into Mikael and he excepted her gifts. There was magic in her voice. Energy filled the room and swirled about. It then settled upon both Melody and Mikael, empowering them.

Come with me;
Into the forest deep.
Our love shall be complete;
Under the full witch moon.

Her indigo eyes glowed brightly, then dimmed as she finished her song. Melody blinked and looked about confused. She felt that she had just woke up. She looked at Mikael’s peaceful sleeping face, a smile upon his full lips. Lips that she kissed. She held him close to her. Soon her eyes drooped closed. Asleep at last.
Granny smiled warmly upon the two children. She knew her granddaughter would not remember singing her heart felt song. Their ties were binding. Granny whispered words in an old Norse language. A prayer for a soon to be couple. Measures had to be taken to protect them. Mikael’s pack would not let him go easily. A war could break out if his pack’s Alpha knew he was here. She would do what ever it took to keep him hidden.
Granny let out a sigh. She snapped her fingers, and the sound broke the spell. They awoke.
“Good morning my young ones. Did you have some fun last night?” Granny said with a hint of sarcasm and humour. Then winked at Melody.
“Granny we behaved. I… I came in to check on Mikael. He was having a nightmare, honest,” Melody was a little confused. She had a hard time remembering what had happened.
Mikael was flushed red in embarrassment. He was at a loss for words.
“Well, come kids out of bed now,” Granny demanded and waved her hands about. Melody stood up. Mikael stayed in his bed.
“Come now lad. Out of there,” Granny urged.
“I can’t,” Mikael said not able to look either of the women in the eye. Granny smiled; her eyes bright.
“Is that so,” she chuckled.
“Oh? Oh!” Melody said wide eyed. “Granny let’s go and let Mikael get dress,” Melody said and grabbed her grandmother by the arm. They left the room and closed the door.
Mikael had no idea what was going on, but he did believe today was going to be an extremely long day.

Lambs to the Slaughter

A small cut, then stick the reed in.
The blood will drain slowly,
As the sheep hangs there.
The meat is tender,
Because the animal does not panic.
The muscles do not tense in death.
-lessons in slaughtering

The pack were led through the landscape. Rocky terrain full of brush. The wolves ran with their Alpha. They were closing in on their destination.
Three other wolves met up with the pack. The Alpha let out a set of barked commands and the three golden wolves ran ahead. There was a plan in motion. Aila would show the Nord pack the true meaning of power. She would decimate them.
At last, they were at their destination. Lake Telegrafvatnet. She sent the pack to spread out around the community. They moved in with caution. Let Olga and her brothers do their thing. Cause chaos from within. Disarray.
They prowled inward. No one would escape the carnage to come. It begun. Fires erupted. People were screaming. Wolves barked. Aila gave the command to charge in. The pack rushed in. Once inside the confines of the community a blaze spread around to incircle it. Aila waited outside the wall of flames.
In a short while her pack had rounded up the leader and his two children. As to his mate… Olga had already torn her to pieces.
Olga and her brothers walked into the yard with their prisoners. She was a sight coated in blood and gore. She was in her human form, hair drenched in blood. She was beautiful in a morbid kind of way. The Nord leader was pushed to the ground. His children were bound in silver chain. They screamed in pain as their skin burned, then were hulled up in the air to dangle upside down from lampposts.
Nord pack members gathered around ready to transform for battle. Everything was on pause for the moment.
Out of the flames Aila trotted in her wolf form. Not a hair was singed. She transformed further to her wolfen form. She walked and stood in front of the Nord leader. She transformed to her human form slowly, to show she had self control. Her nude form was muscled and graceful and her body had all the right curves. She looked about and saw that the Nord pack were in two different groups. Interesting development!
A woman with a curly red mane stood and held a man back. She nipped at him keeping him inline. She was the smallest person of the group. So, it seemed the Nord were a divided group.
The other group a man stepped forward and addressed everyone.
“We can’t stand for this we out number them and we cou…” He voice was cut short as blood gurgled in his throat. Dagh had his hand inside the man wolf’s belly. With a yank, Dagh pulled out a portion of his spine. The man wolf collapsed backward like a ragdoll. He laid there in a twitching heap. People backed up a few steps in shock at the display a strength that the werewolf had just shown in his human form.
More commotion was going on with the red head’s group. She partly transformed and processed to pommel the man to bloody ribbons. The others just stood by and watched. When she was done, she walked toward Aila. Aila watched in amusement. The woman stood with the man’s head in her hands. She dropped it before the Nord pack leader.
“A gift for yer treason, ye bloody wanker,” she spat in an Irish accent. She then looked to Aila. “Ye will get nay trouble from us. We be with ye on this. Kill ‘em all for all we give a shite,” she controlled her temperament well. She spat on the Nord leader and walked away to be with her pack.
Aila smiled upon the Nord leader.
“Well Marcel. Working both sides are we. Trying to fuck everyone over as it were,” she spoke in the Norwegian tongue. “What I had done to your mate was retaliation for killing one of my own. Now, I own you,” she said in a soft voice. She spread her legs and urinated on him. He sputtered and growled. Olga shoved his face to the ground as a warning.
“Your territory is now mine. So, tell me where my son is,” she commanded. “Olga here is extremely talented at remembering and tracking scents. Your two children were at the park where my son disappeared from, along with a girl he was with. Now, tell me please, where is my son,” Aila asked again.
“I don’t know,” Marcel replied. Aila made a motion. Olga’s twin brothers came over picked Marcel up from the ground and held him steady. He struggled but was held firm. He would not be able to escape.
Olga stood by Marcel’s strung up son. Olga had a terrible grin on her blood-stained face. She looked right into Marcel’s eyes as she slit his son’s throat. It was an absolute deep gash. Then she gripped his head and pulled down tearing his head and most of his spinal cord out. Gouts of blood and gore spilt to the ground. Everyone cringed. Marcel’s eyes went wide, and he went pale. Marcel’s daughter screamed.
“We didn’t touch your son. He was gone when we got there and those men were already dead,” her tone pleaded.
“But!” Aila raised a finger. “You were sent to kill my son, were you not?” Aila was met with silence. Aila smiled. Olga proceeded to do, to the daughter what was done to the son. Marcel raged. His threats to kill her and her pack spouted from his mouth. Aila looked at him with a smirk.
“Release him!” She commanded. He was let go. His eyes narrowed and changed to lupine orbs of anger. Fur spouted and he changed quickly into his wolfen form. He charged all claws, fur, jaws, and rage. Aila eyes burned like flames. Next thing… Marcel’s fur ignited into flames. Time slowed to a crawl as he burned up into smoking embers. The ashes flew past Aila. The Nord leader was gone.
There was shock and awe from the other werewolf packs.
“Bow before yer sun shaman ye bastards,” the Irish pack leader roared. Everyone bowed except a lone girl who stood with fists clenched. She could not have been more then the age of Aila’s own son. Aila went to the girl and held her chin.
“You are Marcel’s girl!” a statement. The girl growled.
“He was no father of mine. You did what I was going to do,” the girl spat on the ground. Aila smiled warmly. She leaned in and whispered in the girl’s ear, “I can get rid of the burden he put within you.” The girl’s eyes went wide in surprise.
How did she know? The girl thought. She looked up at Aila and nodded.
“Good! You are now my daughter, understood!” the girl nodded again. “Now, punish your pack as you see fit,” Aila commanded. The girl smiled and turned on the closest male to her. She bit out his throat and mauled him to a bloody pulp. Then she went to the others and slashed them across the face. They took their punishments like loyal beasts to their new mistress. They knew the wrong they did or what they did not do. They stood by as her own father raped and impregnated her, just as he had done to her mother, his own sister.
When all was done, she knelt before Aila and swore her and the pack’s fealty. Aila eyed the Nord pack.
“All the Nord packs belong to me now. Each of you will inform the other packs then meet back here in a few weeks time,” she paused looked upon the girl. “You shall come home with me, my daughter!” the girl looked up at Aila with reverence.

Night of Training

Feel the moon phases;
Embrace the wolf in haste.
Praise the lunar light;
Feel the full moon’s might.
-Keena

Mikael trained for many hours near the end of the day and a few more this night. He had already transformed then reverted to his human state. Now, however he was learning to transform parts of his body. He was exerting himself. He felt tired as hell, but he pushed himself through it. He must learn all he could from the Sámi. They were a tribe of both werewolves and humans. Together they were strong, able, and organized. They encouraged him to do better and never once demanded anything of him. There was mutual respect on both sides. Mikael found himself liking it here more than being at home. He had conflicted thoughts about his mother. Distrust began to set in. He wondered why his own mother had never told him about being a werewolf or why he had never transformed before now. Why was this kept from him? What of the others? Were they a wolf pack also? Was Olga? So many questions needed to be answered. He would have to face the music with his mother at one point or another. He was suddenly afraid of her.
Mikael let out a sigh. His trainer put a hand on his shoulder.
“If you wish to rest or stop, we can do so,” he said. Mikael shook his head. He needed this right now. He looked briefly to Melody. She smiled and blew him a kiss. He felt renewed energy and back at it he went with renewed resolve.
On a hill watched Granny. She was proud of the boy. He was learning quite fast, faster than expected. Which was well as it should be for, he could not stay too long until his mother figured out where he was. The shaman wished she had all the time in the world to train the boy proper.
“He looks just like his father,” a voice broke in. The shaman turned and smiled.
“Welcome my old friend,” Granny held out her hands. The old woman with a cane gripped her hands gently, then embraced her friend.
“It has been too long,” the old woman said and moved along side Granny. She watched the training session for a moment.
“My goodness! The resemblance to his father is uncanny!” the old woman said in amazement.
“He has only just transformed for the first time the other night,” the shaman explained. The old woman looked surprised by this.
“You think his mother may have used her magic to supress it,” the old woman suggested. The shaman nodded.
“Just as she must have to slow his birth until this era,” the shaman was certain of the prospect. The old woman agreed.
“Question is why she did it and why now?” the old woman mused. She gripped her cane tightly. The shaman turned to her.
“I wish I understood why she turned on him. Why she did the thing she did. Could one of the Primes be behind the events that are happening? Do any of them even exist anymore?” Granny let out an exasperated breath. She rubbed her forehead. She really did not understand what had happened all those years back for everything to have fallen apart.
“How is your girl doing?” the shaman asked.
“Very well thus far. She has made some new friends that could help. She will meet up with the voodoo priestess in New Orleans soon,” the old woman took a deep sigh. “I just wish her, and the boy would fuck already. I need to know if he is the one for her or not. The sooner the better.” The shaman nodded. “How is it here? Things going well with him and your granddaughter?” The shaman smiled.
“Too well. They almost sowed their wild oaks in the lake last night. I have a few things to explain to Melody. She will understand. As for the boy. He is a little shy and unsure of himself right now. All can wait till the witch moon. After that we shall see who the packs rally with. The mother or the son,” the shaman frowned. The old woman stirred.
“I hope the son is able to free the father. We need him back. I don’t even understand how anyone is able to trap a Prime,” she paused a moment. “What of the Irish? Are they on board with us?” The old woman asked.
“I hope to get word from them soon,” Granny replied. Who knew when that would be? Bloody drunkards took their sweet ass time with everything. True to their word but never on time.
The two old women watched Mikael for a while longer. Melody’s eyes were on him the whole time. They also watched Melody. She was the future along with the others. She would soon be the new shaman of the Sámi people. Melody had some responsibilities coming her way. The Sámi shaman hoped her granddaughter and the boy Mikael mated as a couple. She was so glad she had sent Melody to Kiruna that day. She just knew the bowling hall was one of his hangouts. As she had prayed, they would meet, they did. Now, it was time to let their affections bloom. A special kind of moon was on its way. They had to be ready by then.
The old woman with the cane turned to the shaman.
“I must leave, now my friend. I have missed you dearly,” she said sadly. The two women embraced. The old woman with the cane disappeared in whiff of dark mist. Granny was left alone with her thoughts. It was time to talk to her granddaughter. There were things she needed to know about Mikael and his family and about her own.

The Talk

Silver light;
That shines so bright.
A full moon night;
Cast in the starlit sky.
-Mikael

Mikael fell on his back in bed. He was exhausted from his training session. Rory, his trainer, told him that he was learning extremely fast. It would still take time to be able to do the transformations without being stressed. Eventually it would come naturally to him.
He door opened and Melody came in. She closed the door and walked to the bed. Mikael tried to sit up, but she placed her palm on his chest and gently pushed him back on the bed. She climbed on top of him and kissed his lips gently.
“Mikael. I want you! To be with you,” she breathed into his mouth as she kissed him again. He gave into her lips. The sweet moistness of them tasted so good as his tongue licked and made its way within her hot mouth. Melody moaned. Her hand went down his pants to feel him grow and harden. Mikael groaned deeply. They broke apart to each catch a breath.
“Melody. You are so beautiful,” he said and touched her cheek. She leaned into his hand and let out a quickened breath. She grabbed his hand and put it under her nightgown. He felt her wetness and he throbbed at her touch as she unzipped his pants and brought out his penis. She stroked him gently, slowly.
“Oh, Melody,” he begged. She in turn rubbed herself on his fingers.
“Mikael,” she panted. “Please make love to me,” she begged.
“Are you sure about this?” He kissed her mouth.
“Yes!” she replied.
The door slammed open and Granny barged in startling the teens to no end.
“No! None of that here!” she raised her voice. She took a deep slow steading breath. “Children we need to talk,” the shaman said in all seriousness.
“Granny, why do you have to ruin my mojo,” Melody screeched in exasperation. She covered Mikael by laying on top of him. He in turn embraced her. From the moment he had looked into her eyes he was captivated by her. He knew right then and there she was the one for him. She looked at Mikael now, and she felt it in the core of her being. He was the man for her. Her heart fluttered big time. She kissed him quickly, then pulled away.
“Granny. I want to be with him, and he clearly wants me. I…”
“Stop right there,” Granny said too harshly. “I believe you children are developing real feelings for one another, but there are consequences to the actions you wish to take.” Granny explained the mating process of a werewolf. Everything she had knowledge of anyway. They listened intently in all seriousness. When she was done, there was silence. They agreed to wait and to think long and hard about each other to make sure they truly would fall in love, then they would decide. Granny nodded.
“Very well my children. Now, sleep,” she said and kissed each on the cheek. She smiled warmly. Mikael’s eyes closed and he was soon asleep. Melody soon followed and laid down upon his chest with a smile upon her lips.
The shaman watched them a moment. She then rolled her eyes, shook her head and chuckled. She just remembered something. Mikael’s penis was still out of his pants. That would go over well when they both woke up in the morn. Granny shrugged her shoulders and left the room to go lay down herself.

Sun Shaman

Let the sun, shine upon thee;
Let its light grace thee.
Praise the divine;
And praise the Sun Shaman.
- Sámi Mantra

She stood upon a hill. The sun’s rays filled her, embraced her, raptured her. She is the mate to Fafnir, the dragon, the wolf. Energy filled her to the brim, and she was awash in glory. Heat emanated from her flesh. To touch her right now, was to burn up and be incinerated.
The joy she felt this fine cloudless day. Her eyes burned brightly. Flames erupted around her. She was a torch, a beacon of hope to her people. Aila the sun shaman. The future of the tribe. Everyone was there. Her mate stood proud beside her best friend Helga, who was also a shaman. The moon shaman. Spiritual healers both. Today was to celebrate the light, the day, the sun. To celebrate Aila.
She glowed with an inner light for all to see. This was her honour. She was all smiles and she beamed at the two most important people in her life, her husband, and her best friend.
Aila walked down the hill toward them. Her brightness dimmed to where her skin was flushed red. Helga ran and hugged Aila. She even kissed her friend’s lips longingly. Aila was a little surprised by this. She stared at Helga.
“I love you,” Helga said excitedly. “So, happy that you are our sun shaman,” again Helga hugged her friend. Aila embraced her back. This was truly the happiest day of her life. She had never felt so loved as she did now with Fafnir and Helga.

Damn these memories that were long buried only to resurface unwanted. Aila watched as everything burned in the Nord compound. Her eyes still glowed brightly. She possessed the element of fire. Deadly, all consuming, wrathful. She was like a hell hound on a war path. Aila would not be trifled with. She did not tolerate incompetence. Her anger was beyond anything the rest of the pack could understand. She has lived centuries longer than them. Besides, she was their Alpha. Strong and true. Her pack was dear to her like no other, but her son. She must find her son. He was her hope for a brighter future.
There was a sudden commotion as one of the pack members Loren, hulled a young lad to her. Poor thing struggled in vain.
“What do we have here?” Aila asked tenderly as she cupped his chin in her hand. He looked at her with such awe and wonder.
“You were spectacular,” he said excitedly. Aila blinked. He really went there with his knowledge of what just happened.
“Is that so,” she grinned, barring her wolf fangs as she let out a low growl. Clearly, he was scared but liked it at the same time. What a strange little boy.
“Cool,” he breathed out.
“Piotr? What are you doing here?” the newfound daughter of Aila asked in surprise.
“Helmi! I was worry for you, no. I miss you too, like puppy dog, yes,” his Russian accent was very thick. He spoke in English. Aila looked to the girl.
“Friend of yours, I suppose.” The girl just nodded. Aila looked at the boy.
“You can stay, but…” she held up a finger then pointed at Helmi. “…he is your responsibility!” The girl smiled brightly and nodded happily. She linked her arm within Piotr and the two went off with the others.
“Is this wise my Alpha,” Loren asked.
“We shall see. Perhaps she will turn him. Puppy lust turns into puppy fucks. She will bring in pups,” Aila was not one for humour, but what she said sure sounded funny enough. Loren chuckled darkly at any rate. Aila’s thoughts brewed and would blossom into reality at some point or another. This vicious bitch had plans upon plans and she was always miles ahead of anyone who opposed her. This destruction she just wrought was proof enough.
She was in the mood. She gave the order to return home, but she stayed a while longer. She wanted a fuck in the worse way. She cared nothing for other men or women. There was only one of interest to her. Her husband. Unfortunately, he was no longer around to satisfy her. Been many centuries since he had been around. She truly, missed him. Her Alpha, her lover, her betrayer.
She howled her victory to the full moon. Her moon. She was now the Alpha of alphas. She would make sure no one would defy her ever again.
Piotr

Sing for her little virgin boy;
She will show you the way.
Beg for her pleasure;
She will not lead you astray.
-Helmi

Helmi led Piotr to a back room when they arrived at the compound. They had been exploring all over the place. Now, they would have some privacy. They sat down on a bed, side by side. Helmi held Piotr’s hands in hers. She could not believe her friend had come to look out for her, how brave. Stupid but brave none the less. He was so cute. His short dark hair combed straight. His dark eyes glittered when he gazed upon her. His thin lips were kind of inviting. He had patchy fuzz for facial hair. How cute. He was a little skinny but hey he was only fourteen. He still had some growing to do. Her hazel eyes took him in, and she liked what she saw. Her dark golden hair fell around her face. She licked her lips.
“Piotr, why did you come looking for me?” She asked, trying not to sound anxious.
“I feel for you, big heart,” he explained. He was so adorable the way he spoke English. She could not help but ravage his mouth. She thrusted her tongue inside and teased his tongue. She broke away.
“Take your pants off. We are doing this, here and now lover boy,” she panted. She helped him with his clothes. She stroked his penis and watched in amazement as it grew huge.
Oh my God he is so fucking big, she smiled. She was so wet for it.
“Put that bad boy in me now,” she stressed heavily. She crawled on him. She gripped him and slowly went down upon his shaft. She let out a long-squealed moan. He filled her hole nicely. She moved up and down and in no time, she was throwing her head back in pleasure. Her orgasm was unlike anything that she has ever had.
“Let’s make baby,” she screamed. That set him off. He exploded within her. He filled her good. His seed would drip out of her for days. She did not stop there she kept rocking her hips for more.
“I never done this before,” groaned Piotr. He gripped onto Helmi for dear life. She stopped suddenly, leaned down, and kissed him hard.
“You are a virgin? Or you were,” she laughed gently. “Oh baby, I’m going to teach you some moves,” she said with a feral smile. Her tongue licked his chin. She rose her hips up then slammed down hard upon him. His eyes rolled back into his head in shear pleasure.
Before they had finished and laid there in each other’s arms. New heights of pleasures were brought to them. This was new for Piotr and for Helmi. He a virgin, no longer, and her with truly little experience in such matters.
“Piotr. Are you in love with me?” Helmi asked with her head on his chest.
“Of course, it not obvious, no,” he remarked. She looked at him with a sly smile.
“Good!” Then she sobered. “I love you too. I think I always have.” She kissed his lips softly. “You are now mine in more ways than one.”

Today

My affections grow for him everyday;
All I want to do is touch him.
The taste of his kiss is sweet bliss;
Mikael how I want you as my mate.
-Melody

They awoke in one another’s arms. Embarrassed but it felt so right at the same time. Melody’s first Impulse was to touch Mikael’s manhood and kissed him lightly on his lips. She felt him throb in her hands. He groaned softly, heavily. He whispered her name. She in turn whispered his back. Tender kissing inflamed their passion for one another. As afraid she may have been of the beast inside him, she still desired him whole heartedly. There were other ways to please each other. She smiled wickedly and lowered herself to his waist. She reveled the look of surprise on his face.
The door burst open and startled them. Mikael covered himself and Melody covered her face.
“Granny, oh you’re so annoying,” Melody screamed. The shaman ignored her granddaughter’s outburst.
“Get dressed. Big day today,” she said in a cheery voice. “You can’t do that either by the way,” she said sternly, turned and walked out.
Fucking great, Melody thought exasperated. She flopped down beside Mikael on the bed, put a pillow over her face and screamed.
Mikael laid there quietly and waited. His hand gripped hers. She squeezed. She then threw the pillow away in frustrating.
“Why?” She roared. Melody then rolled over onto Mikael kissed him deeply. “Until that fucking purple moon. We are doing this!” There was no argument from him. He smiled and kissed her back.
“Until then,” he simply said. She stood up and walked to the door. She looked up to him and groaned. “I want you now,” she whined and left. Mikael smiled. He needed to calm himself. There was no girl like Melody that he had ever met to match her beauty in the slightest. He took a deep steading breath and started to dress. He finished and walked out of his room. Melody gave a sour look to her grandmother, then took Mikael by the hand and they walked outside. The shaman smiled knowingly at them.
Melody did not care who watched them as they walked. She planned on continuing to hold his hand and she eyed Mikael in admiration. Those purple eyes drove him crazy with passion.
“We are going to get out our frustrations by training,” she said annoyed. Mikael agreed readily. He was suddenly tripped to the ground. He was totally caught off guard by the action. Melody moved off to one side. She starred him down her eyes narrowed. Energy surrounded her fists. It looked like indigo flames.
“Transform into the beast that you are!” She gritted her teeth. Mikael was stunned by her sudden turn in attitude. Why was she being this way?
“Melody…”
“Shut up and transform or I kill you where you stand,” she yelled furiously.
Holy shit, he thought. She is serious. Mikael was unsure what to do. He was not given a choice. Melody attacked with her magic. Purple like flames engulfed him and intense pain wracked his body. He transformed instantly. He charged in a fit of rage toward the young witch. He abruptly stopped before her panting. His chest heaved. He looked into her eyes and clarity came to him. He licked her face and embraced her. Melody gripped him tightly with tears in her eyes. He would not, could not hurt her. Her fear of the beast lifted just like that.
“I’m so sorry Mikael. I was so afraid, and I had to know if you would hurt me,” she cried into his broad furry chest. He just held her. He did not fully understand what had happened, but he understood fear and partly what she was going through. He was also afraid of the beast inside him.
He reverted to his human form. He picked Melody up and carried her back to the cabin. She clung to him drained. She had used a lot of magic to make him transform he had resisted but ultimately failed.
Helga, the Sámi shaman watched. She observed the threads that bonded them together grow stronger. She smiled happily.
The Bracelet

Twined together;
Friends forever.
Hearts as one;
Our friendship is a bond.
-Aila

Aila was glad to be back at the compound. Olga and her twin brothers pulled up on their motorcycles. Aila waited patiently for Olga to come see her. She was curious as to why she and the twins were here when they should have been back in Kiruna looking for her son Mikael.
The twins waited on their bikes. Olga walked to Aila. It must have been important by the she-wolf’s demeanor.
“I have found something at the park site that you need to see. I was wondering if you knew what it represented.” Olga pulled out the silver bracelet she had found.
Aila snatched it out of her burning hands. The silver did nothing to Aila. It never marked her or burned her in any way. Olga was shocked and wondered how it was possible.
“How?” Aila whispered to no one in particular.
“You know this then?” Olga asked hopeful.
“Yes, it was once mine a long time ago,” Aila said absently. Olga stared wide eyed. What the hell was her alpha talking about? Surely not. Aila turned to Olga.
“I know where my son is!” Aila stated. “You and I are going on a trip. No one is to know about it. We leave in the morn.” Aila walked off. Olga stood there dumb founded. What just happened? Suddenly Mikael is found? What kind of shit was happening? She wanted to ask her mistress but knew better. She really did not want her head chewed off, literally. Olga had once watched Aila do just that. She bit down on someone’s neck and bit clean through, their head was off their shoulders, like that. Olga was brutal in how she killed her enemies but the things Aila did chilled even her spine.
She would go hang with her brother’s and have a few drinks. She stopped before her brothers. Change of plans.
“Boys! We are going on a hunt.” The twins looked at one another and smiled.

Kain
Know your enemy;
Strike them when they are weakest.
Bring them to their knees;
Make them pay for their misdeeds.
-Keena

Aila stood looking out her bedroom window. She was back home lost in thought. She let out a sigh.
“Why do you come at such inopportune times?” She turned to an old woman with a cane. This old hag was some sort of vampire. Sure, did not smell like one. What the hell was she anyway?
“How is it that the blood coven doesn’t know you’re not a vampire. How long have you been fooling them I wonder?” Aila eyed the hag with predatory eyes. The old woman smiled unafraid. She tapped her cane and Aila was suddenly aware of two others present. She crouched with a growl upon her lips.
“Calm down she-wolf! They are here to protect me, not to harm you,” the old woman’s voice was hard. These figures were not human, vamp, or lycanthrope. They had a strange scent. Aila knew other creatures were out there. Just has not met any. It was like all the monsters of old disappeared. Aila relaxed her posture but she was aware and would be ready for battle.
“What do you want old hag?” Aila demanded.
“To know how long it will be before you and your pack are ready to move against the houses,” the old woman said mildly. Aila looked at her. Bullshit! They both knew it too.
“You know damn well it will still take time to rally all the packs and witch covens,” Aila snipped. Her beautiful features sneered.
“What of your boy? Is he ready to take up his father’s mantle?” the old woman knew she hit a sore spot. Aila glared. She barred her fangs. The old woman held up a hand. Her bodyguards stood their ground.
Aila would burn her home if she had to. Just so she would defeat them. She hated unknowns. She would continue to deal with the old hag, only to be rid of the damn vamps.
“My son is none of your concern,” Aila said with venom.
“If you say so,” the old woman replied. The she-wolf wanted to rip the old bitches throat out, but she resisted the impulse to do so. The old woman gave a sigh.
“Your son must find the wolf inside himself. Your pack will depend upon it. You cannot shelter him forever my dear,” the old woman sympathized. Aila closed her eyes and gritted her teeth.
“What the hell do you… know,” she paused stunned. They were gone.

The Hunt

Take down the prey;
Rip and tear.
Make the kill;
Eat your fill.
-Olga

She led the hunt this night. She would make the kill and revel in it. She needed to blow off some steam. They ran in the bush in wolf forms. She wanted to chase something, anything.
She stopped cold. She had caught a scent. It wasn’t an animal at least not anything she knew of. The two twin golden wolves had caught it too. They nodded to her. They trotted and tracked the scent. They moved silently. They soon smelt blood and heard a noise in the distance. They continued to sneak in on their prey. Soon they were close enough to see who or what it was. It was not like anything they had ever seen before. It was large and malformed. Black molted hair coated its body in patches. It had clawed feet and hands. It was eating something.
Olga and her brothers paused in creeping up on this creature. It just so happened to be eating Loren. This thing managed to kill a werewolf. Olga attacked in mid-transforming into her wolfen form. It turned from its meal quickly to confront her. She collided with it and they rolled on the ground for a moment until it threw her to the ground. It was about to attack when one of the twin’s bit down on the creature’s ankle and racked their claws down its legs. The creature roared in pain just as the other twin leaped upon it’s back and he too racked his claws down. The monster turned around to deal with the new threats. Olga was back on her feet again and attacked. Her jaws bit into the creature’s neck. She slashed its throat with both her clawed hands. It fell to the ground, but she hung on. She gripped the head tightly. She set her feet against the creature’s shoulders and pulled with all her might. She ripped the monster’s head from its shoulders. Gouts of black blood spread everywhere. Soon all three wolves were covered in blood.
Olga panted in exertion. It had taken the three of them to take it down.
What the fuck is this thing, Olga wondered. They would have to take it back to the compound, along with Loren’s body too. What the hell was Loren doing out here anyway? She recognized the area. This was near where they had returned from Norway. Just how was Loren caught off guard in his human form when the pack was together? Olga was glad she had come out tonight and killed this thing. She wondered if her pack leader knew what this was. She hoped so. She wanted the head as a trophy.

Waterfalls Danger

Copper skinned people;
A tribe across oceans.
Hunter gatherers;
They have wolf packs too.
-Aila

These people were amazing. A tribal people not unlike her own. They did not have steel blades nor shovels to work with, but they had their own kind of tools and weapons that worked for them.
They walked around with nearly no clothes on. They were a free people and happy. She would run with their pack in the great woods. The brush was so thick in some places that you could not even see beyond.
These lands would one day be the great nation country of Canada. Here the Ojibway lived in peace and harmony with nature and other tribes of their kind.
Here, she was on the other side of the world where there were werewolves. How did Fafnir know of these people? She loved it here with these wonderful people. She was not sure if she wanted to go back home or not.
She did not have to be sun shaman here. To be fond over or have the responsibilities of taking care of a whole clan of people that had hundreds in it. She loved the freedom of wondering. To go where she pleased. What a life it was to live, and she enjoyed it whole heartedly.
Besides, Aila had made a friend. Her name was Deerfoot. She could run in her human form and leap like a deer. She was agile like one also. She was graceful and nimble. Her voice was soft. She could sing like the wind. She could even mimic the sounds of other animals. She even could commune with them and walk right up to a few and touch them.
There was a place the two of them would go to swim under a waterfall. Just them. No men. They would have their own fun and not have to worry about being nude in the sun or seen by unwanted eyes. It was Deerfoot’s secret place.
It did not take too long for Aila to learn the native people’s language. She rather liked it. It was simpler than her own, there was no way to write it down or to read it. Just speak it.
So, here they were swimming and lounging on the rocks in the sun. What a relaxing way to spend the day. Deerfoot tapped Aila on the shoulder. Aila was about to speak when the girl placed her finger upon her lips. Deerfoot motioned for Aila to follow her. They climbed a portion of the rocks that went behind the waterfalls.
They waited a moment and soon two figures appeared. They squatted by the river and drank from its waters. The figures wore fur hides. Their faces could not be seen under the hoods that were worn. One tilted his head up and partly faced the waterfalls. The yawn came from a large gapping maw with serrated teeth. Aila’s eyes went wide. Deerfoot’s hand covered her mouth before she could make a noise. Aila held her friend. What was that creature?
The other creature pointed in the direction of the tribe and they stood and left the area. Deerfoot waited a long while before she whispered softly.
“They are Skinwalkers. They eat our people and wear their flesh.” Aila was horrified by this revelation.
“We have to get back to your tribe, now,” Aila stressed. Deerfoot nodded. They climbed back down the waterfalls and swam to the river’s edge. They started to walk when one of the Skinwalkers appeared in front of them. The two women looked about but could not find the other. Aila would take this creature out.
“Run!” She said to her friend. Deerfoot bolted like her name sake and was gone in an instant. Aila and the Skinwalker charge each other. They grabbed one another and Aila felt how strong the monster was. It opened its jaws to bite. Aila morphed into her wolfen form and bit into the creature’s throat, then racked her claws down its chest and belly. It went down in a gurgling mess. Aila right away went running after her friend. That other Skinwalker had to have been nearby somewhere.
Aila ran as fast as she could go. In no time she did caught up to her friend. But also, the Skinwalker who was now feeding off her and skinning her alive. Aila screamed. The Skinwalker turned in her direction and charged.
Flames glowed from the sun shaman’s eyes. Her rage exploded in a fury of fire and death. Flames reach out and spread on, in, and through the Skinwalker. It screamed a roar so loud just before it was turned to ash.
Aila went to her dying friend. She knelt and held Deerfoot. She brushed her fingers through her hair and whispered soothing toned words. By the time warriors from the tribe had gotten there Deerfoot was dead and Aila was crying as she held onto to her friend.
Aila found out later that the other Skinwalker had survived. They did not die easily. They had to be chopped to pieces then burned. It was the only way to be sure. Aila vowed to kill every single one she would ever come across.

Stalker

It watches;
It waits;
It feasts;
It, skins.
-Skinwalker ways

He watches them train and work chores. Studies them. He watches the boy and the girl mostly. It had taken him years to get here. Has never left the forests from overseas before. He was here for the boy. He was her child, and he would have him.
The boy trained day in and day out. Soon he would have the opportunity to take the boy. It would not be too hard.
A sound behind him. He jolted upright. He went to attack but his arm fell to the ground. He looked down at it in wonder. His other arm fell to the ground also. He then looked at it. Then his head fell to the ground. That is when darkness came for a long while.

“It’s awake at last.” Helga squatted before the creature bound in iron chains. It struggled in vain. Iron made it weak and brought pain. It groaned a horrendous sound. It opened its serrated maw and gnashed at her. The shaman smiled bitterly. It was a persistent bugger. Its newfound prison was underground within an iron ore deposit. There would be no escape for this monstrosity.
Filthy creature wore the skins of its victims, after eating them of course. They could only resemble humans to a degree. Just long enough and far away enough before it was too late. But it was their smell that gave them away. Rotted meat. Disgusting! Yet not even flies hovered near them. That was strange.
Helga looked the creature in its dark beady eyes. She smiled darkly.
“You shall make a special gift. I’m sure you understand me monster,” the shaman spat on it. A low growl emanated from its throat. The shaman chuckled. Her eyes glowed briefly, and the creature bowed its head in supplication. That was interesting. Why did it do that, she wondered.
“Children. Come here!” She spoke sternly. Mikael and Melody came forward. They kept their distance.
“What is it?” Melody asked.
“A Skinwalker!” Granny replied. “It is from North America. First time it has ever left its home. They are wanderers but very territorial. They have a migration path like caribou,” Helga paused a moment. The Skinwalker eyed Mikael intently. It creeped him out.
“It seems it is here for you, lad. Or should I be more specific, here for your mother,” she revealed.
“Why her?” Mikael asked. He eyed the creature and narrowed his eyes. They changed to that of a wolf. His control was coming along quickly. Faster than any werewolf the shaman had ever known, but he still had a long way to go yet.
The Skinwalker growled. Helga’s purple eyes flashed.
“There will be no more of that now,” she snarled at the creature. It instantly bowed its head to her. Strange. The shaman wondered again why it bowed to her.
“You know something!” She stated. She patted her hand to her breast. “I am the moon shaman of the Sámi tribe,” the shaman grinned. “You will be a good Skinwalker and do as you are told,” Helga commanded. “Release it, Mikael.” Mikael grabbed the iron chains and broke them apart. The strength it took to do that was enormous and he did it in his human form without a thought.
The Skinwalker stood up slowly. It was tall, taller than Mikael.
“Moon wolf,” it said. “Moon witch,” it spoke again. The Skinwalker bowed. There was a nasty glint in Helga’s eyes. “That’s my new pet,” she grinned darkly. A new moon will soon be on the rise and the moon shaman had a plan.
“Come children, we have work to do,” she spoke cheerily and walked with her arm within the Skinwalker’s. Mikael and Melody looked at each other in concern. Melody shook her head.
“I think my grandmother has lost her mind,” she said softly.
“I don’t know Mell. She seems to know what she is doing. I think this creature is moved by the moon somehow.” He put his arm around her, and she leaned into him. They walked out of the cave after them.

Skinwalker

You will train young cub;
You will bleed young wolf;
You will feel pain young lad;
You will be the new Alpha young man.
-The Moon Shaman

Mikael bled and sweat. He was tired but energized. He was doing well in controlling his rage. His transformations became faster and he was able to initiate only certain parts of his body at a time. He needed to be ready.
Melody watched worriedly; her magic was ready to rip into the Skinwalker that was knocking the young werewolf around. Helga stood by with a smile on her face. The whole time her eyes glowed purple and never left the two training combatants. The shaman enjoyed it.
The Skinwalker was unbelievably fast. And strong. His claws were sharp too. Mikael healed fast. He had not gone into his wolfen form. He was still afraid too. Mikael was afraid of loosing control and hurting the people he loved.
He glanced to Melody every now and then. The look of terror that she tried to hide sent chills up his spine. The Skinwalker looked to Melody. It started to walk toward her. Melody blinked.
What the fuck was it doing? She thought. It came toward her. She shook in fear. She was ready to use her magic. She gathered the energies.
“Mikael,” she raised her voice. It came closer.
Rage!
A roar worthy of rocking the heavens erupted. Mikael had transformed into his wolfen form and attacked. His speed and strength were jacked up tenfold. The Skinwalker didn’t stand a chance as it was torn limb from limb. Pieces scattered everywhere.
Helga looked upon Mikael with pride.
“Very good!” The shaman stated. “Now, we eat. Don’t worry. The Skinwalker not dead. They reconstitute themselves.” With that the old woman waved the children away. She sat down near the Skinwalker and waited. The tribe was concerned with how the shaman had suddenly decided to bring this creature in. Were these creatures’ savages? They ate people and wore their skins. It was said that they were some sort of Fae creatures. Dark Fae. Somehow Helga could control it or knew something about them that no one else knew.
Mikael and Melody wandered off to the lake. They stood at its shores for a moment in silence.
“It knew how to drive you, Mikael,” Melody said all too quietly. “I don’t trust it and I don’t understand my grandmother’s motives behind this. It scares me.” Melody hugged him and he hugged her back. He kissed her hair. She kept her face buried in his chest. She did not want him to see her eyes water or the fear there. Mikael knew she was scared. He could smell it. He was sure of one thing; he was falling in love with Melody. He had never met someone like her before. Just because she was having an emotional moment did not mean she was weak. She was far from such a thing. She was stronger than him, she was a pillar of strength. He felt safe in her arms, secure.
“Melody,” Mikael whispered her name. She looked up at him. She placed her hands on both sides of his face. He leaned in and she raised up on her tippytoes. They kissed deeply and passionately.
“Oh, Mikael,” she breathed into his mouth. Her teeth nipped at his lip gently. He groaned softly and smiled. His eyes sparkled. He then kissed her tears away from her cheeks. Her hands went into his hair. Her lips so full and soft kissed his chin. Her tongue sprung out and licked his lips.
“Mikael, I don’t want wait. I want you now,” she panted.
“Melody,” he whispered. “I want to but…” he paused in embarrassment. Melody looked at him expectantly.
“What is wrong?” She asked concerned. He looked at her shame faced.
“I’ve never been with anyone in that way. I’m still a virgin,” he admitted. Melody looked at him stunned, in disbelief.
“Really! So, we can make love for the first time together then,” her breathing quickened. “That’s so hot. Oh, Mikael. I’m so turned on right now.” She kissed him hard. “Now! Love me, please,” she begged.
“Melody, yes. I’d do anything for you,” Mikael groaned. He held her close and she pressed up against him. She enjoyed the feel of him growing in his pants. He let out a soft low growl as he moved his lips down her neck. She shivered in pleasure and let out a deep sigh. She gripped to Mikael tightly.
“That is enough,” a roar thundered and the ground shook. They looked at Helga in surprise.
“You shall and you will wait!” Helga was adamant about the subject. “He shall accompany you two wherever you go.” The look in Helga’s eyes said many things about defying her would be an unbelievably bad idea.
“Granny,” Melody began in a whinny voice. Helga stopped her right there with a lift of her finger. A warning!
“Do not test me girl. It is done!” Her words were final. Helga smiled. “The two of you may sleep in the same bed from now on, but no touchy feely,” she gave a cackling laugh as she walked away. Melody looked at Mikael. He shrugged his shoulders.
“My grandmother is bat shit crazy,” Melody spoke in a low tone. The Skinwalker tilted its head at her comment.

Grendel
Darken woods;
The crow roosts.
Hunt the beast;
A Grendel feeds.
- Sámi verse

Aila pulled into the compound. What she saw amazed and annoyed her. Olga stood with a head of something in her hands. She was nude and coated in blood. Surprise there. This sort of shit was the norm with this girl. She was a true warrior huntress – a fianna.
Aila walked up to Olga and realized what she had killed. A Grendel. FUCK! She did not need this shit right now.
She talked to Olga and listened to her story. Aila was impressed with the she-wolf. She would be the perfect match for her son. They would be a power couple.
Now, was the hard part. They would have to go back into the woods, to hunt.
“Olga, go clean up. We must gather as many pack members as possible. We must hunt the rest of the Grendel. They are a blight and must be destroyed,” Aila insisted. Olga looked at Aila and waited for more. The Alpha sighed. “Mikael will have to wait.”
Olga growled and narrowed her eyes. Aila glared. Olga averted her eyes. She understood the punishment she would get if she challenged her Alpha.
“My son will be fine. He is safe for now. We will go get him when this hunt is done.” Olga nodded and went to obey her orders. Aila examined the bodies of the Grendel and of Loren. That’s two she lost now. She wondered something. What of the girl and the boy… Piotr was it? Aila smiled and walked into the building. She sniffed her way to the room where the boy and Helmi were in. She went in. There they were. Girl on top of boy riding him like a cowgirl. They stopped a moment in embarrassment. Aila smiled.
“Oh, by all means continue my daughter.” Aila looked to Piotr. “Welcome to the family Piotr.” The Alpha left the room. Just as she had hoped would happen. Piotr would now become a werewolf of the pack. The missing two were now replaced.
Just about everyone in the pack was there. Helmi and Piotr would stay behind. Let them have their fun. Aila explained in great a detail as possible of what they were up against. The one Olga and her brothers killed was a female. The male would be larger and more fearsome. There may also be young. They too had to be killed. Aila asked if anyone was uncomfortable with killing the young, if so, stay behind. No one stayed behind.
Everyone had taken their clothes off and transformed into wolves. Aila led her pack into the landscape. Later it was Olga who led them to the scene where the Grendel was killed.
Aila sniffed about. Olga by her side. They both found the scent trail and followed it. They were close to the den. They stopped in an area that was perfect for an ambush. Everyone went and hid. Olga morphed into her human form and let out a laugh and danced around in circles. She picked flowers and put them in her hair. Her human noises would draw out the male. Olga lifted her leg and pissed on a tree in spit of herself.
“Just marking my territory, you fucking dirty beast,” she said to herself.
Snap!
A low growl.
Olga transformed in an instant to her wolfen form as the Grendel burst out from the brush. It hit her head on. They fell to the ground. Olga’s clawed hands gripped onto Grendel’s jaws. She used all her strength to pry his mouth open. Aila leaped upon Grendel’s back. Her jaws clamped down on his neck. A roar of pain escaped his throat then gurled as blood filled his lungs. Olga snapped the lower half of his jaw. Olga tore into his chest. Blood coated her and she reveled in it. Both women tore the head from the body. They laid on the ground a moment panting. Then they were up and moving in the direction the Grendel came from. The pack followed from their hiding spots.
In no time they reached the den and waited. Sounds could be heard within. Aila pissed at that entrance.
“Here they come my pack. Kill them all,” she roared. Out they came. Three of them. Smaller but just as deadly. The pack converged upon them like a pack of wild dogs. Gnashing fangs and claws slashed and tore apart flesh. Blood splattered and coated the forest floor and fauna. Soon the pack came out on top. All Grendel dead.
Aila told Olga to guard the entrance while she went inside the den. She assured her she would be safe. Aila went in. It was darker than night. Her eyes could see better than a cat’s. She was the sun shaman. Her light would always illumine the dark.
After a long while she came to a large cavern. Granite rock shimmered and glowed like sparkling stars.
“Grendella, come out, come out, wherever you are,” she said musically.
“I am here,” a voice said in the echo. A figure moved about in the dark. Aila tracked the figure as they darted about. The figure climbed the walls and leaped to land in front of Aila. The figure hugged Aila tenderly. Aila embraced her back.
Grendella was taller by far than Aila. She was ebony bark like muscle. She had the shape of a woman and a very desirable one in fact, even though she was not human. Hair coated her whole back and head. She bristled and shook.
“The others gone. Sorry about friend. They came from mines. Killed many peoples,” she said in a gruntle voice. “I was lonely. Miss you. I sorry for troubles,” she spoke again. She bowed her head in shame.
“It is alright my dear,” Aila replied gently. “You are a good girl. Besides, it gave my pack combat experience. Remember. No one can know about you yet,” Aila said adamantly. Something was bothering the Grendel. Aila waited patiently. The creature looked up with her onyx eyes. They did not absorb the light, they reflected it. They were a shiny polished like surface.
“I feel strange. Hot down here and wet,” she grunted and pointed to her privates. Aila smiled.
“Would you like a human or a werewolf to mate with?”
First Encounter

My amber eyes;
Spread the fire.
My rage erupts;
I incinerate my enemies;
And watch them die.
-Aila

She has been hunting them and burning them across the lands. After everything that has happened in her life, she is taking her rage out on the Grendel. These creatures were a plague upon the land. They had to be exterminated.
Her life had no purpose anymore. She had lost everything and everyone. She cared little about her own life. She enjoyed the slaughter and blood. She could not get enough death. She dug her fangs and claws in deep and tore bodies to pieces. Blood always coated her fur. She did not bathe. She let her skin stay stained crimson. A reminder of her worth. Her sins.
She found a cave after a hunt. She was tired and went there to rest. She went as deep as she could go into a large cavern that shimmered like stars. She curled up in her wolfen form and slept long and deep.
When she awoke there was Grendella curled up to her, suckling her breast. Aila stiffened. Not sure as what to do. This female child Grendel thought a werewolf was her mother. Aila realized something else also. She was with child. For some strange reason she was producing milk. Her heart melted that day. She held the Grendel to her and cried herself back to sleep.
She stayed at the cave for many years with Grendel – Grendella. Aila taught the girl to speak her language. Aila did give birth to a baby boy. She named him Mikael Sundsvall.
Four years Aila raise her son and Grendella. She was good with him and treated him as if her brother. They were like a family. Aila was content for a while. Soon, something gnawed at her. She needed more. She needed a pack of her own.
Then the day of a solar eclipse came, and she knew what must be done. She told Grendella of her plans, for the future. Grendella would be apart of that. The eclipse happened and Aila used her sun shaman powers to harness the solar eclipse. She put that energy into her son. It flowed through him warm, comforting. He soon fell asleep in Grendella’s arms. She in turn held him close.
“He will sleep until I wake him on a solar eclipse of my choosing. He will sleep here, while you guard him. Love your brother and protect him while I’m gone. I will check in whenever I can,” Aila words soothed the Grendel. The werewolf held the Grendel girl’s chin in her hand. Aila thought how beautiful this monstrous child was. She looked almost human. Why was she so different from the others? It mattered not. This monster was now her daughter and Aila loved her.
Mikael was laid down on a bed of pine needles and moss. He would sleep for an exceedingly long time before waking.
During all those centuries Aila would be making her packs and alliances all over the world. When the day would finally come to awaken Mikael brought joy to Aila’s heart.

In Heat

The scent of her sex;
Arousal in your loins.
Drive in your pleasure;
Bring her to new heights.
- Sámi werewolf mating dance

Aila walked out of the cave. She looked Olga in the eyes intently.
“Bring me your brother, Dagh. I have a mission for him. He is to stay here with me awhile. The rest of you may go back home. We shall be along shortly, or I will soon,” she said firmly. Olga obeyed without question and went to get one of the twins. Aila waited.
Olga returned with her brother. She had a questioning gaze, a worried look. Aila smiled.
“He will be fine my dear. Do not worry,” Aila assured her. Olga nodded and soon led the pack back through the brush, onward home.
Dagh followed his Alpha into the dark recesses of the cave. When they reached the large cavern, his mistress spoke.
“First off, do not be afraid. Second I understand how much you like to read monster girl manga books.” She eyed him knowingly. His cheeks flushed red. Aila chuckled.
“No worries. I approve,” she affirmed. Aila pointed. “This is who I wish you to mate with.” Dagh’s eyes grew wide at the sight of Grendella.
“Dagh. This is my daughter Grendella.” He stood so still. The Grendel stood before him a foot taller than him. She sniffed him. Then licked his cheek.
“He smells nice and taste good,” Grendella spoke in a high-pitched growl. “He afraid,” she said sadly.
“Oh, I think not my dear. He likes you,” Aila assured her. He stood there afraid yes but full of lustful desire. He was hard as a rock. He was turned on by a real-life monster. He could smell her heat and wanted her in the worst way.
Grendella went to her knees smelled his genitals and then her tongue licked the end of his penis. Dagh groaned.
“Oh, fuck yes!”
Aila smiled turned and left the cave to join the others. On her way out she soon heard the moans of pleasure from them. Aila knew right then and there Dagh would be back for more. They were chosen mates now.
Dagh and Grendella had hours if not much more than that, of sex, mating. They marked each other as mates. When they had finished, she laid in his arms and said, “I love.” Then was asleep. Dagh laid there and held her. This was by far the best experience of his life. He was sure he was in love. He had to be to mark her for a mate. He stroked her side while she slept. He wanted her again. He was erect. He kissed her head. She stirred and opened her eyes. she sniffed him and smiled. She felt him.
“More?” She asked happily. Dagh nodded. The Grendel mounted him and soon they were in the throes of passion again. When they finished, Grendella laid on top of him while he remained inside her. He kissed her until they both fell asleep.
The next morning, they took each other again. Every time was like being the first time. This experience was like no other he had before. He craved her and found it difficult to leave. He did not want to leave, but he was afraid of the others coming back. He felt they could never know about her. He would come back every chance he got. Dagh kissed Grendella deeply.
“Soon. Baby,” she said and patted her belly. Dagh looked at her in surprise. He wondered what kind of child they would have. He was all for it. Yet he was afraid for her. He kissed her again.
“I love you,” he said whole heartedly. She touched his chest.
“I love,” she murmured. She looked him in the eye. He was mated to a real-life monster girl and it excited him to no end. He loved her again before he left. He kissed her before he left. She touched him before he left. He was happy but conflicted.

Pictish Wolf

From the emerald isle I seek;
Shamrock leaf I weep;
Celtic words we speak;
Pictish people indeed.
-Pictish pride


She came to the Sámi tribe. She was here in peace. They have been waiting for her after all. She held her head high. A proud sort of woman she was. Pictish Irish she be. She was an extremely old werewolf of the emerald isle. It is said she has been around even before the Celts or the Vikings. Her red hair blew in the wind like a fiery banner about to go into battle. Her eyes were green as the finest emeralds that sparkled in the sunlight. She was a proud woman indeed. A warrior of honour. She was here to represent her clan. She was here to make an alliance with the Sámi.
She went into the hut with the shaman. Helga offered the Pict a seat by the fire. There they sat together.
Helga admired the Irish woman who sat across from her. A rare beauty indeed. She was pale like but spotted like a leopard all over her body. Here sat a true savage of the ages. An ancient Pict from a time when the world was young before there were religions.
This woman was short in stature and stocky. Muscled. The girl was built like a brick shit house. She still had her priestess tattoos of old. She was her name sake. Fianna – warrior huntress. The spiritual energy that emanated from her was astronomical. She was a powerhouse worthy of The Alpha.
Helga wondered and wanted to ask, and it must have been plain on her face what her curiosity entailed.
The Irish Pict jeweled eyes glittered in the fire light. A crooked smile curved the one side of her freckled features.
“Aye! It was an exceptionally long time ago. Before there were any kind of civilizations,” she leaned forward. “Even before Atlantis, lass,” that smile never left her lush mouth. “Answer enough for ye?” She inquired, her eyes ever penetrating.
Helga was dumbfounded. She sat wide eyed. This werewolf that sat before her was blunt and to the point. There were no sparing feels. It was facts. Reality. There exhibited a no-nonsense air about her. Not to mention the primal viciousness that lay underneath.
The shaman felt a thrill to kinship that had not been felt since that day she came to these lands as a child and met Aila for the first time.
“To business then!” Fianna spoke. Helga nodded; her purple eyes glowed briefly. The spotted woman grinned. Her eyes flashed in return. Kindred spirits.
Fianna talked of how Aila had taken over the Nord clans of Norway. It did not surprise Helga of the brutality involved. Aila would use her power when it suited her.
Helga was also told that Aila knew that her son was here and would soon be on her way. First, they had gone on a hunt for Grendel. Helga was mystified by this information. There had not been a sign of those creatures for hundreds of years. She almost believed they were all exterminated. She had to prepare for the sun shaman Alpha’s arrival. Aila may fight for her son. Everything was happening too quickly for her liking.
“Dinna fret Granny. Me clans be with ye,” Fianna assured her. They embraced momentarily.
“Now, a tale of ages past. Aye! That tale indeed.” A tale was told, and Helga was enraptured. They spoke well into the night in the moon shaman’s kata drinking goat’s milk and eating cheese. As all Irish do, Fianna had brought a flask of finest Jameson whiskey brew in a silver flask. She too was not burnt by the metal. Helga always wondered why some werewolves were unaffected by this. A tale for another time, perhaps.

The Pict

Priestess of the Earth;
Mother of the thunder mountain;
Warrior huntress of the clans;
Leader of the pack.
-Fianna

She squatted outside the cave entrance in the mountain side. Waterfalls cascaded down into the river like the roar of thunder. She stood her pale tanned body wore only a necklace of bones and bracelets of blue granite stone. Beads graced her flaming hair that was both braided and twisted. Her short stocky body muscled from years of running and hunting. She was unequaled with bow and arrow. Her small petite breasts bare. Tattoos and paint adorned her body. A snarl touched her lush nutmeg lips. Freckles and spots danced about her entre frame when she moved. She looked down at a group of horsemen that had just come in. They had brought something with them.
Their leader was her mate. Dressed in bear furs and wore the horns of power. He raised his horned club toward her. He roared a victory cry.
She looked down upon him with her chin up. A primal regel priestess. No shame in her nudity. Pure savage.
She walked to the edge of an outcrop above the waterfalls. She leaped from the cliff edge and dove into the waters below. She swam from the deep pool and rose out and walked to the tiny beach. She stood before the ‘Horns of Power’ her mate who had yet to provide her with a child. Together they led their people. Kept them strong.
Her mate removed furs from a man. An exceptionally large pale man. With hair as pale sunlight. Eyes of icy blue glaciers. His muscles rippled with large veins that pumped blood through them. She touched his skin then looked at her fingers. He was not painted. He was flawless. She dragged a nail upon his breast and tasted his blood. He had not so much as flinched at her touch. She grunted words to him. He tilted his head. She looked to her mate and grunted and waved her arms about. She pounded her chest. She was angry. She told her mate.
“Defeat him in battle and mate a child within me this night’s moon or I take him instead.” Her eyes said many things. She would have her child for the future of the clan, with the horns of power or another who was willing to take up the mantle. She wanted this new man. She gripped his chin and spoke. She was not sure if he would understand but it would only matter if he won.
“Kill my mate and I be yer mate,” she grunted out. That was when he stood up and towered over her. He had no wears, totally nude. The Pictish woman looked him over in awe. He was massive and her loins ached harshly. She was sure this man would be hers now. He was a giant among her people. She would have him.
Then he was taken away to a circle formed by the clan. Her people grunted and screamed. They pushed the large pale giant in the circle. He stood there tall and proud.
The warrior with the horns of power sat on his horse and his weapon ready for battle. He was not much taller than his priestess mate of the earth. But he was a warrior born of blood and bone. A primal bear peoples. Cave dwellers.
The horns of power’s dark mane hide under the crown of horns he wore. His dark eyes had charcoal around them to make him appear darker. He glared at the pale man and yelled. He attacked. His horse rode with flaring nostrils. He swung his great horned club. It embedded into the giant man’s shoulder and breast.
The pale giant grabbed the horns of power’s arm dragged him to the ground with him. The steed ran off into the crowd and stopped near by. Both men were up again. The horns of power were on the attack again. He swung his club while the pale giant dodged and tripped the other down. He moved away to put space between them. He glanced to the woman. Her eyes were on him only. Her intense stare penetrating and her loins wet. He could smell her. He knew what she wanted most.
The pale giant glared at the horns of power. The horns of power growled like a bear. He even had bear’s claws on his hands to use as weapons. He charged the pale giant. The pale giant howled like a wolf and his transformation happened so fast. He was in his wolfen form. Huge, forbidden. His claws slashed into chest and belly. His fangs sunk into throat and the rendering began. The wolf man tore out the heart of the horns of power. He then trotted to the Pict priestess. He knelt and offered her the heart. Her eyes wide with the thrill she had just witnessed. Her chest heaved heavily with every breath she took. This was a victory for her.
She took the heart and bit into it. She ate and drank the blood of power. She offered the heart back the wolfen man. He took it and ate it all. Her eyes glitter in pure joy. She went and grabbed the crown her mate had worn. All was quiet. No one stirred. She picked up the horns of power and placed them upon the pale giant’s head as he transformed back to his human self.
The Pictish woman slapped her chest then his and grunted. This was her new mate. She took his hand in hers and led him up a trail to her cave dwelling atop the waterfalls.
Once inside she laid down with her chest to the ground and her bottom in the air for him to take her. He grabbed her and turned her over. She growled and scratched him. She went to turn back over but he stopped her and pushed her on her back. He growled in her face. Her breath quickened and she spread her thighs. She raised her hips. His hand went underneath her lower back and he penetrated her. She gasped and growled. He held her tenderly and pumped into her. He pumped her until she moaned nonstop. He pumped into her until she lost who she was and forgot about everything but him. He pumped into her as she could not stop her quivering. The pleasure she felt would not stop. She had never known this. It had always been quick and brutal. She had never known such heights existed. She clung to her new mate. Her nails dug in which made he pump harder faster. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head. She had grown faint and almost pasted out from her extreme pleasure. All through the rest of the day and the whole night they ravaged one another. He had released his seed inside of her many times over.

“We had spent many years together until he left, but he had given me cubs. Bear cubs,” Fianna paused to let her words sink in. Helga looked at the other woman with a smile.
“Really? Werebears? That is spectacular!” the old woman said in glee. She hugged the Pict. They continued to talk. She had many other questions.

Fires of Passion

Sámi flames rise high;
Sun shaman, arise.
Sámi moon rays shine;
Moon shaman, arise.
- Sámi prayer

Aila summoned Olga. It was late into the night. Olga showed up alone on her hog. Aila straddled her bike and revved it hard. She throttled it loudly. She put on her helmet and closed the vizor. She nodded to Olga. The female werewolf nodded back. They raced out of Aila’s driveway and speed toward their destination.
Aila was in a piss poor mood lately. Now, she went to get her son. He would be returned to her or else. There was no more fucking around. Anyone that defied her from now on would be burned. They would know her wrath.
They sped down the E10 to Torneträsk. There they got a boat to cross the water to a road across the way.
When they reached shore, they went to a pyre set up to burn wood for a fire. Olga looked to Aila questioning.
“It is a signal fire. I shall summon the Sámi here,” Aila explained. Olga took it upon herself to light the pyre. It flared to life and soon was a bright beacon in the night. All they had to do was wait.

Helga sat with Mikael and Melody when someone came to inform her that one of the signal fires had been lit near the water. She informed them that they would leave in the morning and whom to bring along.
Helga sat back down.
“Well children, we get to go on a little field trip tomorrow,” she smiled grimly. “Do not have sex but get all sexed up. Rub each other’s scent all over one another. Make it really strong,” she chuckled darkly. She stood up and went to her room to sleep.
Mikael and Melody shrugged their shoulders and had no idea what she was on about. Melody jumped Mikael and kissed him hard. They did a lot of petting and rubbing.
Mikael later buried his face between her thighs. He was not sure how well he would do but he really enjoyed the taste of her. It was like an addiction and he could not stop. She smelled wonderful. When Melody had an orgasm, she had to put a pillow over her face to stifle her scream.
He wanted more but Melody’s lips pressed into his. She did not mind her own taste. She stroked Mikael’s penis fast.
“Oh, Melody,” he grunted. She managed to look down in time to watch him shoot out all over her breasts and tubby. Her eyes were alight in glee. She giggled when he finished.
“Damn, that was so much,” she said and kissed his lips.
“Think we could do round two, that way you can be inside me,” she whispered. Mikael nodded as he felt a twinge in his groin.
That was when Granny opened the door.
“Time to go,” she yelled. “No more fooling around. Get dressed. We are leaving,” she smiled knowingly. She cackled. “No time to clean up,” she looked at Mikael and her face sobered. “Your mother awaits us,” she said with such grimness. Mikael’s heart caught in his throat. Melody frowned. They both slowly dressed. For some reason, the two teens felt that when touching each other the way they did was some sort of set up.

It was almost dawn and Aila’s patience was about done. Her mood had been growing steadily sourer by the hour.
Fires sparked the dawning sky upon a rocky knoll. Aila and Olga started their trek toward the hill.
When they got there, there were many Sámi. Some Aila knew were werewolves. Others just human but trained hunters no less. They had the high ground which was a big disadvantage for her and Olga.
Aila stopped in front of Helga, who stood just beyond two torches. It was the line that Aila and Olga were not allowed to cross. She informed Olga not to attempt to cross or she would be killed in an instant. Olga gave a hard-eyed stare at everyone she could make eye contact with.
“Helga,” Aila gritted her teeth.
“Aila! What brings you to my domain?” Helga asked. All business. Aila grew annoyed.
“You know damn well why I’m here, witch,” Aila sneered. Helga just smiled. Aila tossed something to the shaman. It was the bracelet that Olga found in the park.
“Ah! My granddaughter’s bracelet. She had lost this,” Helga informed.
“Just bring me my son!” Aila stated. Helga waved her hand. Mikael and a girl came over the rise of the hill and made their way down toward them. Aila was relieved that her son was alright. She did not care who saw her emotions for her son. Olga let out a small sigh of relief also. Then her eyes never left the dark-skinned girl. Olga stared at her like she was prey for a hunt.
Olga let out a growl suddenly. Aila did her best to ignore it.
“Fucking slut. He is promised to me,” Olga blurted out. Aila was about to reprimand… when she smelt it too. Her eyes flash at her son.
“You mated with a Lapps?” She snapped.
“Careful! You insult us you insult yourself Aila,” Helga said sternly. Aila glared at the shaman.
“What the fuck Olga. Don’t insult Melody like that,” Mikael swore. Olga had tears in her eyes.
“You have been tainted by a dirty Sámi Lapps cunt,” she screamed as she partly transformed. Her fangs gnashed.
“Fuck you bitch,” Melody screeched and gave the werewolf the middle finger, her purple eyes glowed.
“Mikael you are coming home with me, now,” Aila said forcefully.
“What? No!” Mikael responded.
“Your son is a good lad Aila. You have raised a good man thus far…”
“Too bad you didn’t raise a good granddaughter. Do you even understand what will happen to her now?” Aila stressed.
“I do!” Helga replied. “Let them be Aila. They are young and in love,” Helga explained.
“At every turn you betray and now… Now, you…” Aila pointed a finger. “You want to pollute my bloodline with yours.” It took every ounce of Aila’s will power to control her rage.
Mikael held Melody’s hand in his. Melody other hand rested on his breast. She laid her head next to her hand. Mikael put his arm around her and held her close. Aila hated the girl.
Olga noticed the gestures and snapped.
“You are fucking dead little witch, bitch,” Olga growled and was in mid-transformation and about to attack beyond the threshold when she was pushed back. She flew many feet away and landed hard. She was back on her feet in no time growling, then stopped. Everything was still and silent.
Aila stared wide eyed in shock at what she saw. The very Skinwalker that had killed her friend in the new world stood there. She looked to Helga’s calm smug face.
“Meet your son’s protector. He trains with Mikael and is his guardian,” Helga said with a smile. Aila wanted to claw the old hags face right off and show it back to her. Aila was so outraged that she was frozen in place. She was dangerously close to unleashing her flames upon everyone there, but she could not risk her son’s life.
“Mikael, home, now!” She spoke in a low dark tone.
“No!” Mikael said. Aila glared heatedly. “Why mother? So, I can hear more of your lies? What happened to my father? Did you kill him?” Mikael’s voice raised with every question he asked.
“How dare you…” she began.
“What mother? Question you?” Mikael seethed.
“She is your mother Mikael, and she is our Alpha. You will obey!” Olga interrupted. Mikael glared at her.
“You are coming home and that is final. You will leave your whore behind…”
“Enough!” Mikael raged an icy cold stare emanated from his eyes. Frost coated them momentarily. Aila flinched in fear. It was but brief. Only Olga, Melody, and Helga noticed it. Aila recovered by letting flames show in her eyes. Mikael bulked in surprise.
What the hell. She has powers, Mikael thought.
“I will come home next full moon. I want you to swear a blood oath not to harm Melody or the Skinwalker. They will be coming with me,” Mikael said. Aila laughed.
“Not going to happen my boy. Never!” Aila seethed.
“Then you will never see me again!” Mikael stated. “You think these wonderful people have not been teaching me about myself. About werewolves. I’m learning mother. I even know a little bit of our history,” he stressed out until he was red in the face.
“Don’t believe everything you hear. Sámi lies,” Aila spat. She was about to speak when the Skinwalker suddenly went to his knees before Aila.
“Sorry about friend. Orders from silver eyes,” the Skinwalker hissed out.
“Silver eyes? Who was ordered what Skinwalker?” Aila demanded.
“Perhaps, you should make the blood oath, Aila and on the next full moon he shall tell you,” Helga suggested. Aila was silent a moment.
“Fine!”
Olga looked to her Alpha in surprise. She opened her mouth then closed it. Best not to say anything. Aila dug her nails into her palm and blood dripped to the ground.
“I swear by my Prime a blood oath to protect Melody and the Skinwalker from harm or death as long as they are in my care,” she spoke truth. She would be true to her word.
“Thank you, mother,” Mikael said and hugged her. Aila hugged her son back fiercely.
“I shall explain all I can the best I can soon. I’m sorry you had to find out this way,” She whispered.
He moved away. Olga tried to speak to him, but he would not look at her.
“Screw you Mikael,” she screamed and turned away. She marched away from the hill back toward the awaiting boat. Aila sighed. It was going to be a long trek home.
“I saved your son from the two Nord that were hunting him. He knows what you and your pack did to them. Give him time, he will forgive you for it. But you must tell him about his father at some point. He deserves to know,” Helga said softly.
“Mind your own Moon Shaman,” Aila snarled. “Do not corrupt my son, witch. I shall find a way to kill you yet Helga. You betrayed me. He betrayed me,” Aila seethed with clenched fists.
“You betrayed yourself, Aila. You betrayed him. He loved you more than you could ever know,” Helga’s stare penetrated Aila. Aila scoffed, turned, and walked away to follow Olga home.

Ride Home

Do not let rage consume you;
Do not fan the flames of desire.
Cool the heat of passion;
Calm the mind before disaster strikes.
-Thoughts of a lonely old woman

They got out of the boat. They got on their bikes and rode the road home. Olga looked back at her Alpha and Aila nodded to her. Olga throttled her hog to top speed and was soon gone in the distance. Speed was her calming just as hunting was.
Aila thoughts were dark and disturbed. She had to tell her son something at some point. She would not tell him everything.
Damn her husband for his betrayal. She hated not having him around. She needed affections. After he was gone Aila tried to sleep with another man and as soon as he tried to penetrate her, she tore out his throat and ate his liver. She even tried to have sex with another woman. That too ended in tragedy for them. Dead. So, she had to be content with using toys to masturbate with. They sure got her off well enough, but they were not the intimate affections she was looking for.
She thought back to Helga. The Moon Shaman still cared for Aila, that she could see. Aila did not understand why. She really did not care to. Damnit the witch was right. She should have raised Mikael as a wolf. Then this shit would not have happened. Olga and Mikael would be mated. Instead, he was mated to a dirty, Lapps. Fucking pissed her off is what it did.
She made her bike pick up speed. She needed a rush right now. The power of a bike was one of the few thrills that she still enjoyed.
Later she pulled into the driveway of her home. She went up stairs undressed and laid down nude upon her bed. She reached down between her thighs and masturbated until orgasm. Then rolled over to sleep. Her last thoughts were that she hoped Olga has not done anything stupid.

Olga sped down the E10 back to the compound. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She was so pissed at Mikael and that slut of his. He belonged to her. She let out a roaring howl. 
She needed to release her frustrations. If she were still in this mood when she arrived home, she would go for a hunt. Feast off something. Maybe kill a man and eat him. She smiled at that.
She would rather take out her rage on Melody and then rape Mikael. Oh. My. To have Mikael inside her would be pure heaven. She would have to find a way to make it happen.
Soon, she arrived at the compound. She walked in and went straight to her room. No one bothered her. They knew not to when they saw that look on her face.
She slammed her door and locked it. She undressed and flopped down on her bed. She closed her eyes and all she saw was Mikael’s face. She gritted her teeth. She squeezed her thighs together.FUCK!
Why the hell was she horny. She clutched a pillow and rubbed herself until she had an orgasm. She continued to lay there curled up. She soon fell asleep with dreams of the man she has loved since childhood.

Mikael and Melody laid down together. They too were nude. They lazily brushed their fingers up and down each other’s sides. Melody eyed Mikael.
“Want to fool around?” She whispered. Mikael chuckled.
“Yes!” He whispered back. They kissed tenderly. They rubbed up against each other and quickly came to orgasm. This was all new for them and pleasure was fast.
They cuddled together. It felt so good and right being together. They slept soundly. Their dreams peaceful and sweet.

Helga sat under the stars this night, alone with her thoughts. The Skinwalker was somewhere, everywhere. She laughed at what he might be doing. Making sure the children behaved hopefully.
She looked to the waning moon. Twenty-five more days until the next full moon. Mikael needed to train hard for those days. He needed to be able to fight off members of his pack and to protect Melody. Helga worried about her granddaughter. Loved her very much. She also loved another very much. At first, she thought it a childhood crush and she and her best friend giggled about it. But then it became a real threat to Aila, and things went wrong from there. She never made a pass at Aila’s husband, ever. She had too noble a heart to do that. Did Aila think that her feelings were a betrayal of their once friendship? Helga wished she knew the reasoning. Is that why she did what she did to her husband.
Tonight, Helga would sleep under the night sky with a display of stars. The Shaman was a tight lip.   She would be silent for the time being about the past.
She gazed at the stars and longed for a long love that she never knew. Soon sleep took her in its embrace.

Witch Coven

When the Moon rides on high,
As she crosses the sky,
And the stars on her gown trail behind,
Then we Wiccans below
Are with love all aglow,
Just to see her so brightly enshrined.
-Full Moon Rite

The new members had just finished their first Full Moon Rite. They walked down the halls giggling and carrying on about what the next rite might be. Excitement filled the halls.
Silvia felt that way when she first came here to this secret school for Wiccans. She was a full-fledged witch, apart of the inner coven.
She was on her way to her room to sleep. She needed it, for tomorrow was a busy day. She had to do a video call to an ally overseas. Not someone she liked but despised.
She went into her room, undressed, and laid down. She let out a sigh and smiled. She loved the use of magic. It filled her very soul. It completed her. She closed her eyes. She felt so relaxed in the comfort of her bed.
She slowly opened her eyes again and there stood an old woman with a cane. Silvia’s eyes went wide, and she sat upright.
“Who the fuck are you?” She blurted in surprise. “How did you get in here? Who the hell are you?” she raised her hand, a spell ready to unleash.
The old woman gave a sigh.
“Your magic is useless against me,” the old woman grated. Silvia did not listen and cast flames that instantly went out. Silvia stared stunned.
“How…” she tried to say.
“Shut it already. We need to talk,” her stern eyes were hard. The witch gazed at the old woman from under her lashes.
“What is it we need to speak of?” she asked.
“About the werewolf Aila,” the old woman smiled. That got the attention of the witch.
“She can’t be trusted. She has been making alliances with the other packs to go against the witch coven,” the old woman stopped to let her words spin about in the witch’s head. The witch glared.
“How do you know this?” the witch asked. The old woman smiled.
“Ask her why her son trains with the Sámi. You will know then,” the old woman dispersed in a cloud of black mist. Silvia wanted to ask more questions, but it seemed they would have to wait if they would ever be asked.
She wondered why the werewolf’s son would be with the tribes in Sweden. Strange. Did Aila not hate the Sámi? If what the old woman said was true, this did not bode well for the coven.
She flopped back down on her bed in frustration. Goddess she wished she could have a man in here right now to ram his cock in her. She could use a good fuck to get off. Oh, well she would just lie here and close her eyes and hope sleep took her.

Laughter and Kisses

Bring joy to your life;
Bring laughter to your life.
To kiss your lips is sweet bliss;
Breath upon breath to taste another kiss.
-Mikael

Melody sat by the lake. She picked blades of grass and flung them outward toward the waters. She worried for Mikael when he trained. Especially when fighting against the Skinwalker.
Melody has become very fond of Mikael. She was falling in love with him. She could admit it. Her heart sored when near him. His touch ignited such heated passion in her loins. She could not stand to be away from him. They have only known each other for no more than a week or so. She saw it in Mikael’s eyes when he first saw her. He had fallen for her in an instant. He still looks at her in that way. Desire to be with her, to talk with her. He truly, enjoys her company and listens to her. He gives into her touch, does not shy away. He investigates and sees her for who she is not as a piece of ass. Of course, she wants to be that with him also and vice versa. He sure had a nice ass himself. It was hard and firm.
Melody ached to have him. Not just inside her but at her side and in her arms. To feel his breath again. To kiss him always. Even just to hold his hand. She wanted to be with him and only him.
She would not lay claim to him. Never that, not like that Olga woman. They were a free people after all. They both had the right to choose. She hoped and prayed he would choose her as she has chosen him.
She occasionally would look toward the village were Mikael happened to be training. Anxiety took hold of her and its clutches tightened every time she glanced there.
Her thoughts sometime went into turmoil. She thought the worst happened. Sometimes drive her mad. So, she sat here picking grass and throwing it. She continued to mull over her thoughts. She was a witch. She used magic. Her magic could help them both just as Mikael being a werewolf could help them.
There was a history between her grandmother and Mikael’s mother. As to what was beyond her and what did Granny mean ‘Careful! You insult us, you insult yourself’. Melody could not stop thinking of it. Aila was such a familiar name for some reason. She had… Melody stood up abruptly. She knew where that name came from, but it was not possible. Was it?
She turned to leave…
“Where do you think you are going my dear child?” Melody’s grandmother stood before her. She smiled knowingly.
“He is not to know. Not yet my dear. Understood!” She insisted. Melody stared.
“So, Mikael’s mother is the sun shaman then?” Melody asked carefully. “If she is, how is it that the two of you have history?” Melody almost dreaded the answer. Her grandmother gave a soft sigh.
“We grew up together here with the Sámi people. I was brought here from Nubia as a babe. Story is Mikael’s father saved me then brought me to the Sámi. This was hundreds of years ago,” Helga paused to let Melody process the story thus far in her mind. Melody tried to speak but was speechless.
“I used my magic child on the night of a witch moon to sleep. I slept long without aging until this era came about and I decided to stay awake. I married. Had your mother and then she married and had you,” Helga stopped again and brushed her hand through her granddaughter’s hair.
Helga told Melody everything. The entre story was laid bare. So, long ago all these events happened. Her grandmother was ancient, truly. She came from a time Melody could not even imagine.
Melody had to wait for appropriate times before telling him anything and to lead him to information that will reveal the story to him. Melody held her grandmother’s hand.
“I will be there for him through all of it. I…”
“I know my dear,” Helga hugged Melody close. “He also.” Tears ran down both their cheeks. Memories lost and memories gained.
“I go now,” Helga said as she smiled and brushed her hand on Melody’s cheek. “Your sweet man comes to you and he is a fine choice. I approve, regardless of who his clan or family is. He is almost the very image of his father. He is so handsome,” the reference she implied for both men. Melody hugged her grandmother fiercely again.
“I’m so sorry granny, but I’m glad he didn’t choose you. I would not be here, and Mikael I never would have met. I’m so sorry,” she choked out. Helga held Melody close.
“It is alright my child. Things turned out for a reason,” Helga soothed. “Now, go to your man. He needs you,” Helga patted Melody’s hand. She then stood up and walked away to leave the two young teens alone.
Melody ran to Mikael. She jumped into his arms. He embraced her close to him. They kissed long and soothing. Mikael spun Melody around and she let out a screaming laugh. Melody ran to the lake and Mikael caught her. Their laughter echoed in the air. Melody pushed Mikael and he flopped backward into the water with a splash. Melody laughed in glee. She jumped in with him. He kissed her.
Helga looked on with a smile of joy. Her hope lies with them two children. There was laughter and kisses.

Aila and Olga

A promise made;
A promise kept.
A promise she wants;
A promise she will attain.
-Aila

Aila and Olga walked in the woods together. They were silent for a while. The air became damp and the sky was grey. It grew darker as the day wore on. Rain threatened to pour as the air became heavier. Mist curled around their ankles. It was getting chillier by the minute.
Olga was sullen and quiet. She kept her eyes downcast. She was feeling sorrow at the loss of Mikael to another woman.
Aila felt bad. She had promised her son as a mate to her. She knew Olga has loved Mikael since they were children. Olga would do anything to be with her Alpha’s son. She has protected him all these years.
“Olga. When Mikael gets back, and he will be back mind you, you will stick by him wherever he goes you go. Understood!” Aila commanded. Olga nodded soberly.
“Yes!” she replied. They continued to walk, and Olga cast her eyes downward again. Aila stopped dead in her tracks. She was getting increasingly annoyed.
“Olga. You are like a daughter to me. My son shall be your mate. I will make sure of it,” Aila assured the werewolf. She cupped the girl’s chin in her hand. Tears-streaked Olga’s cheeks.
“I love Mikael. Why does he want that girl over me?” She asked brokenly.
Then it came. Olga fell to her knees and sobbed. Aila went down and hugged Olga tightly to her. Aila held her even after the girl stopped crying and fell asleep. Aila lied there with Olga. This was the first time she had seen the strongest werewolf in her pack so vulnerable.
Memories flooded Aila. It was overwhelming and confusing. Tears welled up in her eyes. Aila cried while she held onto Olga.
“I’m so sorry my dear child. Daughter to my pack,” she sobbed.
What Aila may not have known, was that Olga listened. She was well, aware of her mistress’ words.
Dagh

Love is here;
A mystery so clear.
His heart pumps faster;
He desires to be with her.
-Dagh

Dagh waited until everyone was gone or asleep before he slipped out into the night. He transformed and was off at a fast pace. He panted in his wolf form. He ran like the wind. He had a destination in mind.
He reached that destination and ran into the cave without slowing. He came to the large cavern. Grendella leaped upon him and they tumbled on the cavern floor. He morphed to his human self with his lips upon hers. They wasted no time in mating. They rolled around pleasing each other until early morning. Then they would sleep soundly.
While Dagh still slept Grendella awoke. She shifted around enough to continue touching the werewolf and at the same time touch her belly. She already knew his seed had taken root. She just liked to have him inside her. How he made her felt was like nothing she had ever felt before. They had a connection. She felt what he felt, and it heightened her orgasms he called them. She always wanted him to bring them from within her.
She rubbed her belly. She was not sure as to when she would bring life, but she looked forward to it.
She cuddled closer to Dagh. She soon fell asleep again.

Dagh made it back to the compound early the next day. He had stayed a second night with the Grendel. He looked around and did not see anyone about. He moved quietly as possible. He went to his room to lay down.
What he did not notice was that Olga was sitting at a nearby table in the dark. She caught his scent. She smelt sex but also something else. Something she did not like. At some point she would follow him to see who he was having sexual contact with. As of now, she was just going to enjoy the drink she had poured.
Olga took a sip. Right now, she was making plans about Mikael and his witch girlfriend.
Bitch!
He had gone out with someone else. It really burned her well done too. If no one knew any better people would say that there was smoke coming out of her ears. She had let out a lot of grief for Aila. Now however, Olga felt better. Less stressed, clearer headed, and more assured in her mission.
Olga finished the rest of her whiskey and then went to her room to lie down. As she fell asleep, the image of Mikael was in her mind’s eye.

Foul

Evil hides behind a mask;
Hidden in the darkest and deepest pit.
I am your only light;
With these silver eyes.
-Ilaria

She marched down an ancient spiral causeway. Footing strong and sure. Knew every darkened corner and blind space. Ever alert for danger regardless of safety. She left nothing to chance. Ever.
She had been summoned here. For what? She would find out. If she was here to do a job, then it was a lethal one. To kill someone or thing that was extremely dangerous. Only she did the most dangerous. She would not have it any other way.
On deeper into the bowls of this ancient catacombs she went. When she reached the bottom, she continued down a cobwebbed hallway. She needed no source of light to see in the darkness. Her eyes did fine. Saw everything.
She came to a chamber. It was a vast circular void that emanated a soft blue glow. She went down a set of stairs to the bottom. She stopped a moment to look around. She has been here so many times that she had lost count over the years. This room still felt like a kill trap. She was sure that it was. A form of protection for the ancients.
She smiled. She walked forward to a platform that rose in the air more than twenty feet. She stood and waited.
There were five of them who sat up on top. She always had the feeling they were not the real ancients. She did not truly know of course, but one day she would be willing to find out.
“Huntress!” One of the five spoke. She listened; her eyes shifted everywhere.
“We have a job for you to do. These are the tasks for you to do,” another spoke.
“Everything will be assigned to you at a chosen location that you will head to after this meeting,” a third spoke.
“We wish you succuss in your mission,” the fourth spoke.
“Congratulations and good luck,” the last said.
They were gone, like that. She turned around and there a figure stood in robes. She stared at it. Something foul smelling came from it. It growled. She was right. This was a kill trap. There was no mission. It attacked. She moved or what seemed like she moved. The figure collapsed on the floor in pieces. Black blood splattered everywhere.
She did not need weapons. She was the weapon. Blue flames surrounded her hands. The flames surged out and incinerated the figure to ash.
She decided she would search out the five and destroy them. They tried to kill the huntress of the organisation. There was no preventing the rise of the new world order.

Frozen

Frozen in place;
Frost chills you.
Blizzard blows;
Your heart heavy with snow.
-Anon

Aila walked down cold corridors. Her long legs took strides that quickened her pace. There was something she needed to do. She came here to make her checks on the research here.
Tonight, she was in a hurry. She had to make sure all her plans were in place before her son came home. She would keep a close eye on him and his new friends.
She walked within a glacier. This was an old glacier and when all the glaciers started to melt, Aila built this research station to keep it nice and frosty cold. Mind you she is not out to save the world and all its resources, oh no. There is something special trapped within the ice.
Light shined on the area with a platform where the glacier was cut and shaped to how Aila deemed. She walked upon the platform now. Then stood before a wall of ice.
Wisps of her breath curled up and crystalize in the very air. It was extremely cold in the facility. She touched the wall, and it burned her palm. She kept it there until she could no longer take the pain. She panted and took a few deep breaths to calm herself.
She morphed a finger into a clawed digit and made a single scratch in the ice.
“You were trapped here for good reason. You shall never be set free.”
Screeeeech!
The clawed nail scraped the ice as if on a chalkboard. It would have grated on just about anyone’s nerves. The mark she left was a rune, the letter F. It was the same as the English letter except the two lines that go horizontal swept in an upward angle. The first letter of the name of who was trapped within.
Aila closed her eyes for a moment. Memories haunted her and she abruptly moved away. She did not want to remember. They were too painful.

“I love you,” he breathed into her mouth. “Be my mate, Aila Sundsvall,” he nuzzled her neck and lightly scrapped his fangs. A thrill exploded from within her. She gasped and clung to his furry mane.
“Oh, my love,” she raised her hips toward him and pressed into his pelvis. She reached down to feel his hardness.
“Take me my love. Take all of me,” She gasped. When he entered, her flames erupted around them. Their heat was consumed and ragged to new heights. At the rapture of their love making, they combusted, and she was remade, completed. The Sun Shaman was born anew, whole.
They made love during the solar eclipse. He was in his wolfen form and she had transformed in mid-orgasm. She wanted more and he had more to give. Their marriage was consummated, and a child would be conceived later.
Those days long gone, she never wanted to let go of him. She had to be around him, all the time. He was intoxicating. His scent drove her wild. Better believe that they sure did make love in every conceivable spot they could find. He was her joy, her love, her spirit, her safety. She loved him and no other!

Aila slid down to her knees in tears. She cried for a long time. She did not hear the footsteps behind her. Arms wrapped around her and she was startled at first and she wondered who dared come here.
Aila looked at a face of love and concern. Olga hugged her tightly. A decision was made. Aila was about to trust Olga with this. Aila made her swear never to reveal what was here.
Aila told Olga what was needed for her to know. Olga listened in awe and wonder. She even touched the ice, and it burned her skin. It was hot and cold at the same time. She wondered how that was possible.
She hugged Aila again.
“Thank you for sharing this with me. Now, I understand why you are Alpha and why Mikael will one day be Alpha,” Olga said in awe. “I can’t wait to be Mikael’s mate. His one and only,” Olga whispered. Aila smiled. She could not wait either, or to see what kind of cubs they would produce.

The Watcher

They hide in the shadows of society;
Organizations they be.
Black ops maneuver;
Vampire slayers.
-Sigil

He watched through the scope of his rifle. He could easily have sniped her from here. He zoomed in and took pictures. He did not bother to adjust gauges or even load his weapon. This was a recon mission, not a kill mission.
What he saw scared the hell out of him. They were monsters, the whole lot of them. He sent the images to his superior. He thought he got enough images and was about to wrap up his mission when the werewolf attacked the woman. He watched the scenario and blinked.
What the fuck just happened? He clearly saw what happened and he could hardly believe it. He should of video clip it. That poor bastard turned into flames and then to ash, while the woman just stood there. He did not how she did that, but he was done, and it was time to pack up. He watched until they left the area. He then started to put everything in the SUV. He closed the hatch then went in and sat down for a moment. He put the keys in the ignition. His side window broke, and he was dragged out. He was flung to the ground. In a few breaths he was on his feet with a blade in hand.
It was her. The woman. How? He swiped with his knife. She caught his arm and squeezed. He cried out in pain and sunk to his knees as he dropped his knife.
“You really thought that I could be watched?” Then she broke his arm. He screamed as a loud crack sounded in his ears. She had done it effortlessly. She was incredibly strong. He glared at her in pain.
She went to the SUV and took out some of the equipment. She put the earpiece in her ear. She sat the scope on the roof.
“There it should be sending a feed now,” she said. She walked to him, pulled him to his feet.
“Say cheese,” she chuckled and waved.
“Hello my dear. I’ve been watching you for quite some time now. The Sigil you call yourselves, right! A bunch of vamp killers. I’m okay with that. They are a scourge upon this world. You will leave my packs alone. They will not be hunted. This is what will become of you,” the woman snarled barring her fangs. The soldier screamed in absolute agony as he burned up and flaked away into ash. The woman’s eyes glowed with flames as she smiled.

The feed went dead as the woman smiled. Lucile sat there horrified at what she saw. How the fuck did this woman know about the Sigil? Was there a spy? No! Everyone is scanned too carefully. She sat shaking with her hand to her temple. She had to leave and get back to Vancouver, tonight. She had to warn her husband and their children. They had to taken to a safe place. But she had confirmation that there were other monsters out there. Werewolves. Question is, what other creatures were there?

Moon Mates

Witch Moon;
Wolf Moon;
Love Moon;
Sire Moon.
-Helga

They met at the lake. They sat down and held hands. They played with each other’s palms. They were lost in each other.
The sky was filled with bright stars, but the moon was dark. It was the first night of the new moon. A slight breeze blew their hair about. It was a calm night. Silent. The lake was a black pool of stillness.
The couple kissed. Deeply. It was a longing that they had been waiting for all day. He gathered her in his arms. She in turn wrapped her arms about his neck. They broke apart.
“You are such a great kisser Mikael,” Melody said and smiled.
“You are better,” Mikael replied. She kissed him again. Her tongue teased his. He ravaged her mouth in search of her tongue. They were content just to do this.
“Melody,” Mikael spoke. “My mother is Sámi, isn’t she?” he asked. She nodded. “Yes, I believe so.”
“Does that mean I’m Sámi too or am I an exile too, like my mother?” he asked sadly. Melody touched his cheek gently. She looked so deeply in his sad eyes. “Oh, Mikael. As far as I’m concerned you are Sámi. I’m sure Granny agrees. You have been accepted among us,” she assured him. His hands held her head and he kissed her. Their passion grew heated. They both gasped in frustration. Melody slapped the ground hard.
“Mikael, I wish we could just have sex, now,” she emphasized her words. She grabbed him by his coat, curled her lip, “Now!”
Mikael chuckled and then Melody giggled. She knocked Mikael down on the ground and ravaged his mouth some more to his joy.
“Mm! I feel something nice in your pants,” Melody teased. “Wait! I have an idea,” she said and stood up dragging Mikael with her. She took off his coat and put it around herself. It swallowed her up. Mikael was so big and tall.
“Take your clothes off,” she demanded.
“Melody…” Mikael began.
“Trust me,” she eyed him. He sighed and nodded. He processed to remove his clothing. Melody’s eyes gobbled him up like a tasty morsel. She bit her lower lip. When he was done, she smiled mischievously.
“Now, transform.” Mikael raised his brows.
“You are kidding, right?” Melody shook her head.
“I’m serous. Transform,” she said again with passion. Mikael transformed into his wolfen form. It was quick as he did it. Melody marveled at it. Mikael stood there before her. Melody slowly walked to him. Her indigo eyes glowed softly. She trailed her fingers through his fur. His silver fur glowed as if the moonlight hit it. There was no moon though. She looked up at him. Gripped a hand full of fur, stood on her tiptoes. Mikael leaned down and Melody kissed his snout. Then the side of his mouth. He let out a soft whine. He licked the side of her face. She barred her neck for him, and he nipped it gently, careful not to break the skin. Melody moaned.
Mikael transformed back to being human. Melody smiled and had a wicked glint in her eye. Mikael could not help but groan as her hand was upon his penis. She kissed him. She stopped knowing they could not just yet, but soon.
“When is this witch moon?” Mikael asked.
“August,” Melody replied. Mikael groaned in annoyance.
“That’s a few months away,” he whined. Melody chuckled. They kissed in the new moon.
Helga watched. Mikael still glowed and so did her granddaughter. Helga smiled knowingly. They were the hope of the future. She was sure of it.

Melody glory of the Purple Moon;
Mikael glory of the Silver Moon;
Together they are the Phases of Fate.

Praise to the Omega;
Wolf of the tragic end;
Spirit to the Alpha beginning.

Sun Shaman of Light;
Moon Shaman so Bright;
Together, children of the Eclipse.

Cubs of the Pack;
The Hunt is on;
The Prey comes to ground.

Revenge is in the air;
Let go of the Hatred within;
Love is in the Hearts of this young couple!
(10/04/20)

Continued in
Wolf Moon Chronicles
Phase 2
New Moon Feast

